Sam only shrugged. “It’s fine, Dean. Like I said, we can drop it. Right?”
The old man shrugged. “What, I read.”
Jerome swallowed loudly at that. Castiel tried to hide his smile—it seemed that Dean might have been right in thinking there was something suspicious in that room.
“Back to my original question, though. How are you enjoying my party?”
“Dean, let’s just… let’s just drop it, okay?” He shuffled his feet, scraping himself awkwardly against the wall. “I promise I won’t do anything like that again. Alright? I don’t wanna argue with you. Not tonight.”
Balthazar says nothing. Bobby, Jody, even Tessa, are dead quiet. On the TV, the siren finally stops wailing and a stage fills up the screen. A guy in a sequined black suit, just another Capitol stooge, smiles into the camera as the citizens file in. They’re cleaner than the people in District 9, no motor oil or wheat shavings to be seen, and the courtyard is lit up with high-tech electric wiring instead of ashed-up old lanterns. For the first time since he’s seen the other Districts, though, Dean barely notices.
Sam isn’t wired that way. All he does is purse his mouth and look away. Behind him, Tessa stands up and follows after Balthazar.
snapped him out of it. Okay, what the fuck?
Much as they like to pretend they’re some whole other species, the Capitol ain’t that different from District 9. Slide the right amount of money or the right kind of booze into the right back pocket, get a little heavy-handed with the flirting, play drunk and stupid so everyone thinks you’re incompetent, and you'll get anything you want. Bobby might have taught him that last one, but Dean’s been doing the other two since he started school. It doesn’t matter where they’re from—all people can be bought. You just gotta know the currency.
Another guard slid right into Dean’s face. “Hey, what’re you—?”
Wordless, Joshua flittered toward the distant forest. As he had at his beginning, when confronted with God’s light, Castiel stayed a moment more, then flitted back to his post.
“That ain’t the point, Sam.” He clenched his jaw, counted to three. “It ain’t any of your goddamn business, alright? I take care of you, not the other way around.”
Well, will it really hurt anyone when he’s gone?
“Well, what are your thoughts? What’s our strategy? How do we win?”
, and, suddenly, Cas is gone.
He thumbed the phone in his pocket. To his relief, though, Jerome shook his head, an attempt at a smile on his lips.
The metal door creaked when he slid it open, the rusty echo of something long past its prime but still swinging on its hinges. If Dean had been into that sort of thing, he would’ve considered it the perfect metaphor, considering who the sole occupant of the room behind it was.
Dean grits his teeth and pulls her tight to his side. He looks at her instead of the iron gate, and keeps his eyes on her to keep from shaking.
Emma doesn’t seem to agree, but they both know she doesn’t have it in her to argue. She nods, once, then uncaps the top and pours at least two shots-worth down her throat. A stupid little bubble of pride rises in his throat when she only chokes a little.
Bobby snatched the glass bottle from Dean’s hand and slammed it back onto the shelf. Dean opened his mouth to complain, but the look in Bobby’s eyes brokered no argument. With a little huff of his own, he tossed back the last shot he’d managed to pour and settled himself against the wall, arms crossed and shoulders hunched.
But Cas is an angel. Harp, wings, halo—angel. Reading between the lines, he’s been around at least since the Sodom and Gomorrah incident (which, apparently, actually happened, and ain’t that a kick in the ass). He can send people back in time. Fuck, the dude stormed Hell itself and survived. And Dean doesn’t remember anything about that (but damn if Dean wishes he did, if only to knock out some of the other memories), but he knows that Cas went in with a full troop of winged crusaders. Cas is presumably the only one who made it out. He might look like a dork down here, but he’s a freaking badass where it counts.
“So sorry, Mummy. You hadn’t asserted your authority in 15 minutes there... one does forget ones place so quickly.”
*********
Dean jumps of the bed, mind made up. He makes his way to Cas’ room, calendar in hand. They’re having a conversation about this. Now.
“Well, you sure jumped on the opportunity with me, didn’t ya?! Literally! What am I supposed to think?!”
Dean falls asleep almost instantly. One would think that lying there all night with nothing to do but watching his husband would get old quickly. But it never does. He’d give this man everything, kill for him, die for him... hell, he’s done most of that. Now, he lives for him. Senses out all his moods and meets all his needs. The perfect sub to his dom.
“The plug...” *thrust*
Cas sits himself down, an innocent smile on his face.
And then Dean just HAS to open his big mouth: “Actually Lis, I was just asking Castiel if we could have an emergency session this morning. Yesterday... I don’t know, I feel we could use an outsider’s perspective right now.”
They are interrupted by the sound of the Impala.
My love is strong, there is no wrong
Mary tried to shake it off, but Dean is as observant as always.
“What?! No nononono we both completely agreed! Hell, I may have been baiting him to do it, but he’s the one that pushed ME onto the table and we BOTH...”
“Hey so, I know you wanted to get some sleep and all, but this IS my last night on earth...so... Wanna fool around?”
They end up having a very short talk about Dean’s experience with Cas’ take on couple’s therapy and then Lisa’s gushing about this online course she’s started yesterday. A course Cas recommended her. On building self-confidence and being independent. She’s so excited. He hasn’t seen her like that in a long while. He decides not to have The Talk yet. Not when they both still have a long day ahead of them. Ben’s still home too, maybe he ought to ask his mom if she could take him for the weekend... Yeah... that sounds about right. Gives him a bit more time to figure out how to tell her he’s... well... whatever.
By the time Cas is through kissing him within an inch of his life, Dean is utterly breathless... boneless... well, except for one. And his lover is currently making his way down to it, marking his skin all along the way.
“I planted them of course.”
Fuck.
*Oh god, YES!!!*
Except... the discomfort of a dry finger up his ass combined with the momentary distraction apparently caused his erection to go down. He lets himself fall back down on his pillow and lets out a sigh.
Cas pulls back for a moment. He looks down on the man he’s currently straddling, notices his shiver of lust as Cas’ eyes devour him.
“You still have the wings tattoo?”
***********
“Goodbye Cas”
John chokes on his beer.
And then it happens... People are packing up, getting ready to go. Mary and Eileen are cleaning up and bringing the leftovers into the house. Bobby, Sam, John and Cas are sitting around the dying embers of the grill, still sharing stories, when Dean walks up and offers them a glass of scotch. He’s just about to take a seat next to Cas when his dad frowns and says:
“No! You can’t throw away your happiness like that. It's the opposite of what I try to achieve here! Please... just don’t...”
It takes all Dean has to not moan like a 5dollar whore instead of speaking.
“Alright in-laws, let’s get this over with!”
He grabs him by the back of his neck en pulls him into a bruising kiss. After he’s done abusing Deans mouth, he turns to his opponent and says: “I forfeit, John. Congratulations, you’ve won!”
“Yeah! It’s wild isn’t it? We were shocked ourselves when we found out. Didn’t know these things could happen. And, not gonna lie, it was a struggle... Cas started going into full dad-mode as the pregnancy progressed, but Dean... well, figures it would be hard for him. And then there was the birth! Pfff, that was some weird-ass day! We were battling Lucifer and trying to stay hidden from both the Host of Heaven AND the demons and suddenly there was an alternate reality... The birth itself was no picnic either... especially since Jack chose to grow into a teenager right after being born. And Dean... Lucifer killed Cas. Right in front of him. Man, I’d never seen him like that before. He couldn’t even look at Jack, blamed him for the whole thing. Then suddenly, Cas is back! Jack just... brought him back. I swear, the kid is amazing!”
“Hm... that was Dean’s reaction too. Remember? You sent him to bed without diner, wet pants and all, threw away the pie and fell asleep on the couch while your wife was crying in the kitchen. Do you know that the only reason she didn’t leave you that night was because she was pregnant? Scary enough being a single mom, but a single mom with 2 kids... she didn’t see a way out. But she wanted one. Prayed for one.”
Alas... when do we ever get what we want.
“Forgive me Father, I have sinned...”
“Could you all just NOT talk about fucking my son?! What the hell, boy, I didn’t raise you to be a pillow biter! What the hell is wrong with you?! Don’t you know...”
***********
He crawls down a little farther and directs his attention elsewhere. Hands are roving his thighs, while that sinful mouth suck his balls. Dean is basically lost to pleasure, lost to the miracle that is Castiel.
Cas hasn’t stopped his ministrations, in fact, the closeness, his smell, the new angle and extra friction make it even better. His lips keep moving over the skin of Cas’ neck, nose pressing against his jaw, breathing him in. Before long, Dean’s moaning like he’s being paid for it, uninhibited and LOUD. He’s moving against the angel, oblivious of the way said angel has started panting and biting his lip.
Jo slaps his shoulder and yells in his ear: “Close your mouth, old man, you’ll catch flies!”, then walks away laughing her head off.
“Oh John, how... nice... to see you. Dropping of the car, then?”
“Look at you... do you trust me Dean?”
His euphoric state has dimmed a bit. Overshadowed by his own stupidity. But what happened, happened. No going back on that.
All night, all night long
The kiss is sloppy, passionate, addictive...and terrifying. But this isn’t the time for second thoughts.
Fuck. He had to go there... Ok Winchester, poker face. Act your way through this like you’re an Oscar-nominee. He mirrors Cas’ posture, adding crossed arms, before saying:
“John, I swear... if you do or say anything to...”
But John won’t hear of it. Of all the things to be stubborn about, this is the hill he chooses to die on. Idiot...
“What you told me about how you see me, how I’ve changed you... it gave me the strength I needed to face God, to fight our final fight for freedom. Thank you for that. And for the other thing too... hearing you say you loved me, was the best moment of my life. I never thought... I never believed that you, an angel of the lord, could love someone like me. I have so many scars, Cas. So many issues to work through... and you loved me in spite of them. Maybe even because of them. You were the best thing in my life and I’m so sorry I couldn’t tell you... So sorry you had to die without ever being told by anyone just how loved you are. I love you, Cas. I have loved you for so long and I always thought myself unworthy. If I think about the time we wasted, I... I can’t LET myself think about that. I’m sorry I couldn't say it back, I’m sorry I was weak, I’m sorry, I’m sorry...I love you and I’m so sorry...”
Climb on my lemon tree
“I wonder... are they satiny? Red? Frilly? The crotchless thong? The metallic hotpants that make me so...OH!”
Through the screen he sees Dean devious smile and he decides he’s had enough of this teasing.
The day after... What will Dean do?
You are my little queen
Dusk. Perfect. Plenty of time to write a speech that’ll set some things right.
“Dean, you have to go. Lisa’s waiting.” He bows his head, awaiting his reaction.
*************
You took me in the wild
Everyone got their happy ending except for John who’s still muted in the Empty listening to the angel Jasmin’s chronicles of Destiel for all eternity :D
*Holy shit! OMFG that’s gooood*
“Well... it’s just that... I never take those off while we’re... I mean, you always say it’s your favourite view: me, wearing those panties, you balls deep inside of me...  So, how did they end up in the impala?”
Fuck...
He’s whisked away and Cas is now left with John. Oh, this will be good...
“You did good you know...you and Jack. This place is... close to perfection.”
He watches Cas as the man just listens. No judgement, no cue card advice, he’s just... there.
Dean grins and leans up for a kiss, “You gripped me tight and raised me from perdition...sir”
You ain't too proud to beg
“Again, perfectly normal. I will now proceed with the prostate stimulation, if that’s ok with you? I’m not hurting you, am I?”
All night, all night long
“Lis... I... There’s something I’ve never told you. I’m not... I’ve been talking to Castiel and...”
“Well, time to take a swim myself!”
The next morning, John finds a card taped to his front door. There’s an emoji on the front, sticking out it’s tongue. On the inside it says:
“What about Father Castiel?”
Sam grins, “Yeah, no shit Sherlock. So, how long have you been together? Oh and congrats btw...”
After a while, he calms down and they both get up. Cas’ eyes fix on his, staring straight into his soul. He’s not ready to let him go... But then again, he probably never will be.
Lisa clears her throat and the moment is broken. They greet Father Zachariah and are introduced to the newcomer: Father Castiel.
“Breathe Dean...Yes, that’s it... Sam called me. He told me about the case. About the girl...”
He pushes. It feels awkward for a second and then something... gives. Cas slowly, but steadily enters him. He finds little resistance. Once fully inside, he presses his face against the side of Deans neck and shudders. Breathlessly, he mutters:
“They were the two things that made me feel safe. The two things that I loved... still love”
“Oh, that’s what you thought him huh?, she says with a voice as cool as ice, “the only thing you thought him was to be a soldier. My sweet, little Dean, who was always so caring, so full of emotion and not afraid to show it. You fucked him up, is what you did! And now you want to criticize the love of his fucking life?! Who are you to judge them?! They belong together, it’s LOVE!”
Dean hugs him from behind as he’s buttoning up his shirt, nuzzling behind his left ear. This man... he swears, if he wasn’t so committed to his cause... he’d up and leave everything to just be his... but he can’t.
“I don’t know man, lots of things going on... haven’t really had the time or desire to...ya know...”
“Your brother is under the impression that you forced me into sexual acts.”, he says and lets out a little laugh as he tightens his hold on Deans arms, “It’s almost cute how you both see me as an innocent, little storybook-angel.”
John’s not only feeling fear now. There's also hunger, shame, loneliness...
“The confessional... I... please...”
All night, all night long
He always imagined himself having a mayor gay-panic-moment, followed by rage and denial and going back to his normal life, repressing EVERYTHING for the rest of his life. But... is it normal? His everyday life? The white-picket-fence-life with Lisa? Normal for the spider is chaos for the fly...Is it truly normal for a gay man to be married to a woman, pretending to love her?
“Cas, I’m so sorry! At the time I didn’t realise... I just thought... I just felt... “
He manages to smile at her and convince her that he is in fact alright. Bit hot in all those layers... *thank God for all those layers...*
“Stay.”
When he gets back to the land of the living, he takes a deep breath and looks at him with a devious smile. He reaches out his right hand and dips his index and middle finger into their combined cum, cooling on Dean’s chest. He gathers some on those fingers, daintily licks at them and then he leans forward, touching them to Dean’s forehead, sternum and both shoulders.
Dean looks as if he struck him.
“I have to try now? Boy, you’re sin incarnate... Follow me.”
He freezes. How the HELL is he going to do this now? After... THAT?
“You know what, Bobby? Count me in. He’s my firstborn son after all... deserves all he’s given, I guess.”
Dean wakes up with a start. Oh god, what...? What the fuck was THAT?! He didn’t need to look down to know he was sporting a leaking, throbbing hard-on. Shit, Cas platonically slipped him the finger and now he was having sex dreams about the angel?! He scrubs his hands over his face and tries to will his erection away. Yeah, that’s not happening anytime soon... He reaches under the covers and wraps a hand around himself. Needs must when the devil drives...
Cas starts laughing.
The first tear starts to fall. And the second. He’s smiling. Smiling through his tears. Soon he’s sobbing and laughing out loud like a madman.
“Profanity is a sin, my dear.”
Dean shakes his head, “No, we don’t know if it worked... Amara could still be out there!”
Not to be outdone, she grabs him right back. Right in the family jewels.
“Want some more? How about this memory: Seeing his mother burn.”
“I do care about you being happy, though. I understand that hiding that part of yourself is a burden. And... when it comes to sex...Dean... thinking about a guy, even when you're with me... it’s not a bad thing, it’s not a sin. I... I gotta say... it’s kinda hot actually.”
*time to face the music Winchester...you came here for a reason*
All night, all night long
Ooh yeah!
“Yes.”
***********
“Cas... I thought nothing breaks in Heaven? Why did your bed...”
“I bet there are still traces of me inside you... Maybe you can still feel me... I could live to be a 110 and still vividly remember the way your eyes rolled back when you came... All. Over. Me.”
Dean just does the sexy-silence thing ;P
“Well... I’ve been thinking... since you diagnosed me smiting-sickness... is it...can you... canyoufindotherdiseases?”
Dean blushes. Stupid angel with his stupid addiction to Deans deep-throat abilities... Ah, who is he kidding...he’s just as addicted to doing it. The filthy noises his husband makes... mmm. More than makes up for the lamps bursting when he comes.
After the whole sleepover debacle, John has some grovelling to do... Mary can hardly look at him, let alone talk to him and that just won’t do. Time to dial up that Winchester-charm and sweep her of her feet. Just like the good old days...
To be continued...
This turn of frase makes John snigger and make a hand gesture as to dismiss Cas. With a nasty sneer on his face he turns to him to say: “Well, if that’s what you’re aiming for, you should have taken a female vessel. My boy is straight as a pole! Not that he’d go for the non-human variety anyway...no offence.”
Cas surprises them all when he starts laughing.
He feels his knees buckling and let’s himself fall back into the chair. From that position he’s got the perfect view of Cas opening his own pants and quickly jerking himself to completion. It doesn’t take long and the combination of come landing on his black, roman collared shirt and his head thrown back in ecstasy makes Dean's cock twitch in interest. What is this man doing to him...?
He lets go of Dean and turns to an unsuspecting Lisa.
He presses their foreheads together for a brief moment, squeezing his eyes shut... and flees for real this time.
He wants to beg her to stop. He can’t.
Dean’s only response is to uncross his arms and grip the arms of his chair. Cas’ gaze is unwavering as he kneels between his legs and asks: “May I?”
Dean means to give a snappy retort, but what comes out of his mouth is a strangled moan. When he opens his eyes, he sees an intense gaze fixed on him. Cas’ mouth hangs open a bit and there’s an innocence written all over his face that doesn’t belong to someone doing such filthy things to his best friend in the name of science...
“Basically? Don’t tell me you’re a Nephilim too?”
OMG, really?! *Breathe....*
“Angels aren’t affected by it, I’ll go.”
“You look just like Cas.”
Cas walks over to Rowena and hugs her. “Thank you for your... ah... sacrifice. Sure it was a hardship...”
“No illnesses and it obviously works...perfect.”
Whooh! This was... a lot! The drama, the smut, more drama... I need a nap...
Ooooooh, that’s all he needed to hear! No way is he passing up an opportunity to beat that son of a bitch! He’ll show him!
“Now where is Sam?”
“Sure. Just let me park somewhere, then get in the back.”
Cas’ face is unreadable. Dean tries to keep his flirty smile intact, but he’s dying inside...
A warm, pulsing feeling overtakes him. It’s Cas...Cas is home.
In this chapter there is a bit of talk, a bit of charitywork and a bit of smut. Enjoy!
[POV Dean]
“I think I might just go for a drive...”
Bobby is standing behind him, arms crossed, frowning at John. As much as he hates the guy for stealing his best girl, he’s missed the old bastard. Bro’s before ho’s and all that...
“Uhm... it’s... been good so far. Easier than expected, I guess? There is indeed more to a relationship than just, ah, the physical side. I feel like we’ve definitely talked more.”
Deans breath hitches as Cas gives him the filthiest leer he’s even seen. No! Surely he doesn’t mean...Cas starts unbuttoning his pants and blue eyes fix on his, head tilted.
The song: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XE04xWTqMjg
As he’s about to come, one of those hands starts wandering. Deans taken by surprise when suddenly there’s a finger drawing circles around his hole. He reacts by thrusting in even deeper, making Cas moan... the vibration proves to much and his orgasm rips through him, more forceful than he’s ever experienced. Cas takes it like a pro and swallows all Dean has to give. *HOW is this man a priest?!*
“What are you fucking doing?! Is not ‘nough you taking it up the ass from an angel, now I find out m’ firstborn’s been fucking THE FUCKING KING OF HELL?!?!”
They stumble into Cas’ bedroom, kissing and undressing each other. Their actions are frantic... They were fools to deny themselves this. Cas, ever the one for taking charge, walks him backwards and pushes him down on the bed. He looks him over for a moment, making Dean shiver in anticipation, before attacking his mouth again. They grind and grab and moan... it’s... animalistic.
Gonna get extreme
“I even know...”, Cas says as he suddenly straddles him and places his hand on his crotch, “what nice little things you wear underneath your manly clothes.”
He looks Cas straight in the eyes and says: “This song is for Cas...sorry baby, I wanted to do Thank You by Zepp, but my queen gave her orders...”
He turns to his visibly distraught brother.
“Are you ok, Dean?”
A smile appears on Johns face. Oh yes, the fucker is going for the bait!
“It chafes, doesn’t it, the lace against your sensitive skin... It’s why you love it. The pleasure/pain of it... Kinky little bastard...”
Dean seems to have problems breathing correctly... Good.
Dean notices that half an hour has passed... shit, did Cas even...?
He looks down, seems ashamed. Ok, now Dean really HAS to ask...
He meant to say it with conviction, but it sounded like a question in the end. Cas leans forward again, staring into his eyes, tilting his head... *oh shit, that’s cute...*
“You... hunt? Sam trained you?”
And there you have it. My life. You want to tell me I’m wrong to live the way I do? You want to rapport me? Go ahead. The church is nothing but a means to an end to me.
“Cas, I’m so sorry... I'm sorry I let you get taken by the Empty. I'm sorry I didn’t do more to protect you, I’m... look... the one thing I regret most is not seeing your pain. The thought that you were never really happy... that just kills me. Especially knowing what I know now...”
“I’ll... be right down.”
“I could help!”
When it’s over and they’re dressed and on their way again, both of them smile like they have no worries. Like Cas isn’t about to die, like Dean isn’t fighting with his brother and about to lose his best friend... Both feel optimistic in the afterglow.
*nonononoooo! No boner, not now, don’t ruin it!*
“Hey man, can I crash here for a bit? Douche-me is driving me crazy.”
The longer Dean sings, the greyer Johns face gets. He thought he’d go into a rage, but apparently, he’s still stuck in disbelief.
His eyes meet blue ones. Mischief making them shine even brighter.
Numbness. Sudden and silent and devastating.
Cas’ finger twitches.
“Cas...I...nngh...need you closer”
And so today, my world it smiles
“You have my name on your skin.”, he says in awe.
Cas steps right into his personal space and kisses the hell out of him.
Great. Seems like Wednesday came early this week... He puts on a fake smile, asks his mom to take Ben home and does as he’s told. Father Zachariah sits down in his ornate chair, they aren’t offered one. Dean feels like he’s been called into the principal's office for a lecture and starts fidgeting.
*OH!... oh...*
“It was transcendent! You even got this one to pay attention for once...”
“Ok look, don’t overthink this... but... when I had my private talk with Castiel, we talked about our sex life. About how we struggle on that part. And we do struggle, Dean...”
Surprisingly enough he doesn’t feel ashamed. Not for this. Not for finally being who he really is! For cheating on his wife though... Shit, that’s a whole other story. THAT will weigh on his mind forever, he reckons. There’s no explaining it, no justifying it... He wronged her and she deserves better. Lisa’s too good for him, he’s always thought so. She just accepts al his weird quirks, helps him through his bad days, tries so very hard to make it work out between them... she’s never even gotten mad when he, once again, can’t perform sexually. All that goodness, all that understanding and he just... he feels like he slapped her in the face.
Without warning, Cas pulls out. Dean is about to complain, but then he takes both their erections in one hand and starts stroking them. The sight alone is enough to give Dean that final push and he comes with a long, loud moan followed by a broken sob. A few seconds later he feels another gush of liquid land on his chest. He looks up and is met with the most gorgeous sight. Cas has still got his hips in a crushing grip, head thrown back, mouth open in a silent cry, suspended in a moment of timelessness...
His dad has made himself comfortable by now, leans back on his chair, feet on the table (BTW: rude!).
“You... Really?”
Bobby gives him a look as he drinks his beer. Perceptive old bugger...
All night, all night long
And the company...well... every dead person he’s ever had the pleasure of calling family is right there. He’d call it perfection... almost.
They can’t get out the door fast enough.
“Are you really... really...sure?”, he asks softly as he places a hand on his thigh.
Dean’s looking pointedly at the road, swallowing hard. He doesn’t mean to criticise Cas, but he really thought he knew... After the thing with the pearl, where John was suddenly brought back, he opened up to Cas about the abuse he’d suffered at his father's hands. How even now, he’d concealed his hate for him for the sake of his mom and brother. Sending John back had been cathartic. But he couldn't tell anyone... except Cas. It had further solidified their renewed friendship at the time.
His eyes snap open. Lisa! He's... she’s... No, this is...!
Cas is sitting completely still. Paralysed with rage and desperately trying to keep from hitting John. He glances at Dean and sees he’s turned to his side in a fetal position. The love of his life is trembling and silently crying into the sand.
He’s looking at Dean expectantly, like he’ll start gushing about what a relief it is, how much it’s helped... Truth is he hasn’t even noticed it’s been that long. He hardly feels any need for it with his wife. He takes care of himself in the shower and that’s that. He looks up to Castiel and sees the man's face is full of disbelieve. One eyebrow raised and seemingly holding back his own opinion, he obviously doesn’t agree with his colleague's modus operandi. Maybe this one won’t be useless, after all...
“Mine to love.”
Her smile is radiant, she’s beautiful. He watches her leave the room, pulls his pants back up and sits himself back down in the same position she found him in to begin with.
Cas is scared now. Why did this have to happen now? Why did he have to become THAT involved? This could ruin everything...
You love my demon seed
He looks up and sees Cas grinning down at him. That little shit... He gives him a dirty look and squeezes Cas’ fingers... hard.
“What’s the magic word?”
“Dean? Is... is something wrong?”
Cas’ grip on his hand tightens and his other hand makes his way up his leg, toward his groin. He nuzzles Deans neck for a moment and then moves up to whisper in his ear:
Cas gets with the plan instantly. Without preamble, he places himself at Deans...uhm...business end...and instantly sinks in his indexfinger.
He’ll tell her tomorrow. No need to ruin her night. It’s not like he’s getting any straighter, right? He’ll tell her tomorrow.
“Ah yes, my mark is still there on a molecular level...that’ll help...Let’s see... Everything seems fine...maybe going a bit easier on your liver would be a good plan. Good thing I clear your arteries every time I heal you. “
John’s sitting outside the roadhouse. He can’t go in, can’t face THEM again... He takes a deep breath and looks up at the stars. Heaven sure isn’t what he imagined it’d be.
He swings by Deans house to borrow the Impala and starts preparing a romantic picnic under the stars (aka beer and burgers on the hood of the car). Hah! Minimal effort, maximum results... he’s certain of it. Wo needs all that froufrou wining&dining-shit anyway...
If he thought Sam was going to let him just sneak off to his room without an explanation, he was wrong.
Everyone easily made it to the Tabasco, but their numbers were dropping drastically after the Scotch Bonnet. When they brought out the Fatali -a beautiful white pepper- they were down to 3 contestants: John, Mary and Cas.
He fixes his eyes on the road again. He hasn’t had such a good night in... well... ever really.
“Look Cas, I’m sor...”
On their way to the community centre, Cas explains that most of those youngsters are queer. Hiding who they are, thrown out by their parents, abandoned by those who were supposed to love and protect them. Dean feels sick.
Oh, hell yesss! Dean is 100% on board! He walks to the bed and gets on all fours. No time like the present and times-a-wastin'!
Cas thinks back to the recent conversation with Sam. He’d been trying to avoid him. He was convinced Sam would see through him, would see the true meaning behind his antics. And yes, maybe his actions are a bit shameful, but it’s the only way he would ever be able to touch Dean... to pretend he’s his.
Well, that throws him for a loop. right when he thought he’d found an ally...
Dean obliges, he grabs his dick and starts lazily stroking. The rhythm starts to change, suddenly Cas is moving up and down at a punishing pace, his thick thighs working overtime. Deans strokes matching his thrusts now, they are both letting out the filthiest moans and cries of passion.
Bingo!!!
“Yes.” His voice is low, his breathing shallow.
He’s pulled out of sleep by a hand caressing his morning wood, a mouth kissing and licking his neck. For a moment he savours the sensation, still lost in the dream he was having... a very similar dream... He leans his head back, giving the mouth better access to his throat. He moans and pushes his ass back, fully expecting Cas’ rock-hard dick pressing against him... But it doesn’t come... and... the hand on his cock is wrong. Too small, nails too long. The mouth is wrong too. No stubble. Not demanding as it was yesterday...
Dean doesn’t know if he should laugh or cry. They sure do think as one...
“Uh Dean...I’m commi...” With a shout, Cas releases into his throat. Dean takes everything he’s given, like the good boy he is. But it’s too much, too fucking much and he’s almost there... He grips Cas so tight he’ll probably leave marks and follows Cas into oblivion, come splattering all over his lovers back.
Oh my god, this guy... he’s making it sound as if he’s their only chance to turn things around. Like he’s their personal saviour or something. Quite the ego on this son of a bitch... especially since he’s failing spectacularly.
One more will get you high
“Listen to me: you’re going to let me examine and diagnose you correctly. Then, if at all possible, I will heal you. Or I could just leave you here being absolutely miserable. And possibly turn to salt. Your choice.”
“I’ve missed you, man. It’s only been a week, but is seems like a year already. We did it. We defeated God himself! Or, ya know, Jack did... He left...after. Went off, god knows where, getting his divine groove on I guess... Wish he would have stayed though. He was the last part of you... of us... I had left.”
She gives him one last kiss and gets up.
“I would have offered... I mean, you’re a gorgeous guy... But you being an angel and all... thought you wouldn’t be too keen on the gay stuff...”
He’s in luck. There’s only one other person there when he enters. The very object of his affection.
Oh shit, she’s back! He quickly puts the panties in his pocket and makes a mental note to confront -nay, congratulate- Dean tomorrow.
“Listen, kid, I don’t know. If Sam’s saying no...”
Dean's mask falters. He grins at him and nods his head.
Lisa laughs and starts twirling her hair *really, Lis?*
Dean nods and Cas starts removing his T-shirt. It’s still so weird to see him in “normal” clothes. He kept the coat though.
Dean gives a deer-in-headlights-look and tries to push Cas’ hand away, “What? No! Not happening!”
Both their heads turn to the Lisa. She’s looking at her hands, folded in her lap.
“I’m going to release you now. The map table is right here, sit down on it”
I want you to be free
Dean turns away and runs out the door.
Chapter 6: Pissing contest
When mountains crumble to the sea
He’s raging, tearing through the room like a Fury on speed. Drinking untill he passes out isn’t gonna cut it tonight... The need to destroy, to make his hands bleed is overwhelming.
“See ya Sunday, Cas.”
Within moments John finds himself tied to a chair. He tries to scream, but...
“Did you guess already? Yeah? Does knowing he was only 13 the first time make it worse at all? I hope it does.”
Cas answers that question for him. In one fluent motion he’s off the ground and on the bed, whispering in his ear.
Cas looks him in the eye, smirks and does a little twist/push-move with his fingers. Dean can’t breathe for a moment. Shit that’s good... The fingers are suddenly gone, but quickly replaced by... something. What the fuck? Is that... a buttplug?!
No such luck. Seems like the gang’s all here and what’d you know? Mary’s on Bobby’s lap. Cheating sleaze, fuck her!
“How about losing Cas AGAIN. He sacrificed himself for Dean. Gave him a beautiful speech, told him he loved him and got taken by the Empty.”
Cas knows Dean has a thing for his thighs. He’s always surreptitiously looking at them, touches them every chance he gets... Cas likes it. A lot. More than once, he’s purposely started flexing his quadriceps when he feels a hand land on his thigh. The consequential blush on Deans face is absolutely beautiful. He always makes sure to kiss that blush down as far as it will go...
“You had sex with Lisa. Right after we...”
***********
“Dear John,
Smooth Winchester... real smooth. How you ever managed to get so many women to sleep with you is a mystery on its own.
He then turns to John and does his signature wave, “Hi! I’m Jack. You must be my grandfather... Hope you’re nicer than the other one. I drained his power and became the new god. I hope the new Heaven is to your liking?”
Cas raises his head, if they were cartoon characters a lightbulb would be flying above his head.
They move together in a dance as old as time. Slow and careful at first, but soon they’re lost to lust, slaves to the pleasure they find within each other. Cas gets up on his knees, lifting Deans hips higher, his forceful movements making the bed squeak.
“Maybe you could consider the thought that this is as inconvenient for me as it is for you! I didn’t want this! I didn’t want to FUCKING FALL IN LOVE!!!”
He does and is met with Cas’ soulful gaze. Somehow... the tension drains right out of his body.
All night, all night long
PAIN. He feels the pain of broken skin, broken bones and broken spirit.
Cas!!! He’s here! For a moment, Dean is overcome with joy. His eyes fill up with tears and he flings himself out of the chair.
Inspired by this: https://jr-moon.tumblr.com/post/639407837975658496/dean-knows-what-fifth-base-is
He reaches a grassy field and sees a flurry of activity. His whole family is there, putting up tents and tables and decorations... there even appears to be a dancefloor.
He’s pulled from his train of thought by the feeling of hands caressing his hips. One hand slides down and starts fondling his dick. Ok, yeah... that’ll work! Cas seems to have a clear grasp of what he’s doing, pun intended. Within seconds Dean is fully erect and practically begging for more. Cas’ other hand starts playing with his balls, caresses them, cradles them, tugs al little... and then he goes further south. He's not even going slow anymore, none of this careful one-finger-bullshit, but straight up pushes 2 fingers in and hits his prostate dead-on.
************
And does he ever... Cas starts by lightly stroking his prostate, soon followed by a light tapping that soon turns hard and frantic. Dean’s barely holding on by a thread. He starts shaking and can’t help but moan and pant.
He puts his right hand on Deans left shoulder and grips it tight for a moment.
*************
Who knew the kitchen floor could be so perfect for a post-sex-nap? Maybe it’s a Heaven-thing. All surfaces ready for being naughty... just like the lack of need for lube. His angel really thought of everything...
*********
Dean is in a damn good mood. Granted, these days that’s mostly the case... He’s got his angel and his family by his side, nothing to fight, nothing to worry about, the best food he’s ever had and tonight... a visit from Hell. But in a good way.
“Gonna make some coffee... You coming down? I wanna hear about all about your meeting with Castiel.”
He finds himself unexplainably looking forward to Sunday... and feeling absolutely terrified.
“Good choice. Now relax.”
With little patience he replies: “I was asking about your period of abstinence. Maybe I should explain this concept to Father Castiel first... You see, though I understand that physical intimacy between spouses is important, it is often used as a crutch to sustain a failing relationship. Remove the physical part and the couple is forced to talk about their problems instead of drowning them in layers of sin. It is also my belief that such behaviour is what leads to the use of ...accessories... and immoral acts. The farther away from the original purpose of physical intimacy, the farther away one is from a normal, loving relationship.  So, I have ordered this lovely couple to abstain for 2 months. It’s been 6 weeks now and I’m very interested in Dean's opinion.”
When they part, Deans eyes are red. Cas takes his hand and leads him back to the couch.
His face is unreadable. Is it a ploy to try and sway him? Is he being serious?
Dean feels like shit. How could he do this? Right... time to face the music...
Again with the eyes... How does anyone ever say no to this guy?! He agrees and leaves them to do their thing.
“You know what... let’s introduce Jack to John... I’ll make his brain rot with the weird stuff I’ll plant in there...”
[POV Cas]
“Really Mary?! Dean’s over there... canoodling... with that... that ABOMINATION and you’re fucking fawning over them! It’s a sin! It's everything I thought him not to be! I think I’m entitled to be angry!”
“Not to worry, Dean. Almost done.”, Cas says and pulls away again. His face somber.
Dean hangs his head, elbows on his knees. He shakes his head.
“Wha...?”
His jaw drops in surprise. *what the hell?!*
Dean glances at Cas. He’s looking out the window again, only this time he’s relaxed. His clothes thrown on haphazardly, hair a mess...
Cas’ cool tone obviously startles him.
Ok? Is he ok? He's... he’s never felt like this, never given himself over like this. Physically he’s fine, hell, he’s great! Could do this all damn day for the rest of his life!  Mentally... he’s momentarily overwhelmed and yet... he feels calm. Taken care of. He smiles.
He sounds breathless when he tells Dean: “Come. Come for me. Now!”
Deans panties are showing now. They’re lace... ivory white and barely containing his hard-as-nails erection.
Crowley seems less than impressed. He’s about to make a snappy comment, when...
Cas takes Deans right hand and places it on his leg. His very muscular leg.
Gonna get extreme
“Stop hiding, Dean. I know what you want, what you crave...”
Gabriel had already contacted my parents and, when he was ignored, my siblings. They all turned him away, no matter how much evidence of his ancestry he provided. He’d come to me as a last resort, surely a priest wouldn’t send a man in need away. When I heard the reason for his visit, my trust in my whole family faltered. He was sick. In desperate need of a StemCell transplant and hoping his biological family would help him. He didn’t want money, never threatened with a scandal... he just wanted to live.
2 hours later, Lisa comes home with a big smile, looking more relaxed than he’s seen her all year.
Gonna get obscene
“Yeah, ok Crowley... need another euphemism with those nicknames? I see your time in the Empty hasn’t changed you.”
Driving Baby feels like it always has and he’s happy to have her here. She’s been his home for so long, it only makes sense she’d be part of his eternal happiness. Now, to complete that happiness...
“This is it, Dean. THIS is the one who will help us through this. I feel it!”
“Please don’t ask me again to leave with you... Because I will. You are... unexpected. The first time we met I had such a visceral reaction to you. And when we shook hands, our first touch... I was lost. I tried to push it all down, to pretend it was just lust. Then I had the therapy session with Lisa and the way she talks about you... you could make an angel feel ashamed. And yesterday, I swear I wasn’t planning on doing THAT. Sure, I wanted to confront you about your sexuality, I mean, I could practically smell the gay on you... But I got carried away. Again today... After everything you told me, your excitement about your newfound future, even if it meant throwing away everything you’ve worked for... it’s inspiring, Dean.”
CHAPTER 5
“Yeah... feel that stress. Your son was in a state of constant vigilante, never getting to be just a kid, never sleeping well... all for Sammy. He loved the boy as if he was his own kid, you know. His biggest burden and his biggest triumph. And what did you do when he pissed you off? You sent him away. Took his Sam from him. Radio silence.”
Cas releases this hold on Deans arms, carefully removes his fingers –which causes Dean to whimper in a very unmanly fashion- and guides him onto his back. He then crawls over him, like a tiger sneaking up on his prey, never losing eye contact. When he reaches his face, he slides his nose to Deans, lips almost touching... so, so close...
“After sitting in on you therapy-session I was a bit... distraught. Father Zachariah’s methods are outdated at best. I would actually like to speak to you guys separately the first time. Get the story from both perspectives, without holding back for the sake of the other. Would you two be amendable to that?”
“Oh! No! Nothing's really wrong, it’s just... look, I’m 37 now and I haven’t exactly had the healthiest lifestyle. A normal dude my age would visit a doctor and have a physical exam done, but I don’t know... doctors, hospitals...not a fan. Plus, I’m technically dead, so... I thought, maybe you could...you know...”
“Sweetie? Wha... what’s wrong?”
“My son. Castiel. He went on a trip with some new friends of his and he hasn’t been home in a few weeks.”
She’s asleep already. God, she looks so peaceful...so content. He’s never been able to sleep like that. Always in a mode of constant vigilante.
“I didn’t. Jack did. I wanted to go against him, but it wasn’t my place to reveal your past with him. And Mary seemed so happy to see him. I couldn’t take that away from her.”
Deans bursts out laughing, “Not just the car, babe. Remember those panties I lost?”
The next weekend my parents were presented with a glowing rapport of their pious son. A genuine angel, uninterested in carnal sin and surely destined for priesthood... and greatness.  They were so proud! And I was so happy that I could be such a perfect son for them. My whole life I’d been told to honour my parents and to serve and obey. So, when I turned 18 I went to seminar, ready to devote my life to God. 6 years later I finally became a priest and my parents’ wealth and influence secured me a prime spot in a prestigious parish. Everything seemed perfect.
Sam is the first one to start laughing. The others immediately join in and before long, the game is all but forgotten. Dean hides his face in his hands and Cas kisses the top of his head. He looks up and finds him sportin a sweet little smile.
He nods. Lungs burning, tears in his eyes... on the precipice. He feels Cas’ smirk against his ear as he whispers:
This will never happen to HIS angel. He'll make damn sure of that.
Dean passes him by and reaches into the cooler for a beer. He passes one to John and slides on his knees beside Cas, offering him not only a beer, but also a PB&J-sandwich.
John is screaming inside his head. The desperation is too much.
He’s on the brink of falling asleep, but one thing keeps bugging him.
“Not...missing. John’s here. I guess I thought that, since I told you everything about the kind of father he was, what he did to me... I guess I’m surprised you’ve let him into Heaven at all.”
He turns and scowls at the young, blond girl grinning at him. Jo. Great. The girl has no tact. Not to mention shame... He heard her proposition Dean the other day and when he told her him and Cas are serious, she simply said she could handle both and would be happy just watching them go at it. Are you fucking kidding me?! Why would she want to see such a thing?! Obviously a slut, that one...
“Oh fuck!”, Dean swears he can see stars explode...
He swallows audibly.
Whatever he was going to say is interrupted by Cas coming through the backdoor.
You are a tease
He turns his back to him and Dean is awestruck. The picture didn’t do them justice. There are so many intricate details in them... so many hidden colours even. And then something draws his attention. Four Enochian letters grouped together in a familiar way...
“Did you... what else did you do for money?”
The cocky grin he gives Dean, brings back all sorts of memories. Not bad per se... but... not exactly the kind Cas would like to hear about either.
“The other day, my actions seamed to relax you immensely. I believe it could be sufficiënt to distract you and provide a less violent outlet for all this adrenaline.”
All night, all night long
Ok, so... I'm not a good torturer. Not in the tradional sense of the word anyway. Maybe that's why it took me MONTHS to write this chapter... Melly so sorry and deserving of your wrath for that...
So, he lets his guard down.
Some time goes by and John's behaviour is... normal. John-normal, with the occasional “accidental” slur, but nothing TO bad. Still... it has its effect on their relationship. Dean’s different. Quiet at times, acting overly masculine when others are around, hiding his emotions... hell, last night he plain refused to let Cas take him from behind! He fucking loves it like that! Cas doesn’t know what to do...
Dean gasps and slaps his hands over his mouth, eyes going impossibly wide. He just... he really just thought that, didn’t he? Gay. He’s gay. He’s a gay man who just had his first gay encounter and damnit, he’s already gagging for more.
He's behind the desk this time, the couple sitting on the other side. Professional. As it is supposed to be.
John looks at Cas and back at Dean with his mouth hanging open and his face visibly pale.
“So, where do you want to start?”
The beginning of this chapter actually had some real life roots... acknowledging and accepting my own not-so-straight sexuality never made me panic, just... made me walk a little taller, smile a little brighter. And I wanted that for Dean.
Fuck!
Dean needs dokter Cas...
Dean sits himself down in the nearest chair and raises his eyebrows in invitation.
“No!” he gets up and leans over the desk, “Look, she practically gift wrapped me for you. She asked me if I was interested in someone yesterday and when I didn’t answer she told me to think about you. Lisa’s not an idiot, you know. You started all this and now you just push me aside? This your way of helping people? Am I even the first you’ve tried this on?!”
CHAPTER 2
Cas surprises him once more, by not using his fingers on his virgin hole, instead placing another one of those soft, wet kisses... right there.
John can’t help but stare. He wants to hug his grandson, but... he looks...
Look now you've gone too far
Claire looks at Kaia like she hung the moon and that’s when he first sees it... They’re holding hands. And wearing matching wedding bands. Well, shit!
The slap on the shoulder almost makes Sam recoil. His ‘dad’ is even more vile than he remembers. Good thing he talked to Cas first. Man, the two of them working together is gonna make John lose his shit!
“Well son, you built quite a life for yourself! Gotta say, I’m proud of you. A well-respected member of society, good job, big house, beautiful wife, a son to pass on the family name... You’ve got it all! And yeah, would have been nice to have a daughter-in-law I could actually talk to, but in the end, the best wife is a quiet wife amiright?! At least she’s a woman! I have no idea what your brother is thinking...”
*********
“Cas...I...”
His collection had started the moment they moved into the bunker. He’d been thinking about it for years, but with no place to hide them from Sam, buying them was a no-go. And then suddenly he had a room of his own. Privacy. He still keeps them in a black box under his bed though... Sam may suspect that Dean’s bi, but he doesn’t want to talk about it. Doesn’t want the teasing. It’s a part of himself he always felt he had to hide. Gaining their freedom and Cas’ “last words” have made him come to terms with who he really is, but he’s not quite there yet.
As if that isn’t bad enough, Lisa’s now insisting on couples therapy with Father Zachariah every Wednesday. What the hell does a celibate, unworldly priest know about relationships. Especially one like theirs... shotgun wedding at 18 after a weekend of fun. 10 years on and well... no love to speak of really. Not on his side anyway. Lisa tries. She's convinced they’re just in a funk and things will go back to the honeymoon fase if only they work at it hard enough. She’s obviously forgotten they skipped that bit. They were never really in love. Dean was hardly even in lust. Back then he actively chased tail for one purpose: making his dad proud. Real men got the hot girls. Real men weren’t seduced, they did the seducing. Real men didn’t... no! He’s not even allowing himself to think it. Out of sight, out of mind, out of reality!
She just LEFT! Instead of taking his side, like a good wife is supposed to, she told him they’re done. Just like that. Cupid be damned.
Dean pinches the bridge of his nose and sighs. Ok, time for the big guns...
With a wave of Rowena’s hand, his voice is suddenly cut off.
“Really? And who was doing the tellin’ then? Should I be blushing?”
*********
Before he can even begin to react, Deans pants are loosened, ass stripped bare and Cas’ finger is going where no man has gone before. He wants to pull away, scream out in pain, tell him to stop! Only... it’s...kind off... the opposite of what he wants...? *What the hell?!*
*Fuck this, I'm out of here!*
Dean turns his head and is met with the most devious smile. He returns it.
For a moment he’s lost in his memories. Lost in shame and grief for the careless boy he never got to be. He’s pulled out of his musings by a hand on his left shoulder. Dean looks up and their eyes meet.
“I heard everything I needed to know straight from the horses’ mouth. See, Cas and Dean? Their basically my dads.”
There's a firm tug on his arm again.
A chair hits the wall, books are sent flying.
*liar*
His voice is neutral, but he can see heat in his eyes.  Dean keeps describing how it went, what they did and Cas is conflicted. On one hand he turned on by the thought of Dean fucking his wife, pretending it’s him... on the other hand, he’s insanely jealous that he fucked his wife after telling him he’d end it, no matter what. He tries not to show his disappointment.
Fuck. Fuck, fuck fuck FUCK! This is so inconvenient...
Aaaand the moment is broken. Dean doesn’t know if he should be annoyed of grateful, really... He turns around and sees John standing there, drunkenly swaying, face like a thundercloud. Annoyed it is then...
Suddenly cheers erupt from the group. What are they doing?! They're...eating...something green?
What just happened? What the fuck just happened?! John looks around and sees everyone smiling and applauding... There’s a sudden flurry of movement and its very clear that they were all in on it. Before Cas and Dean have even stopped hugging and –eeewww- kissing, the whole setting has been changed into a wedding theme. Flower arch and all.
“Oh, you are sorely mistaken, my dear.”
“Yeah... you realise that I’m 42, right? And Cas is like... dawn-of-time-old. I mean, we get a bit wild, but...”
CHAPTER 1
“I took care of it. This was about you.”
He then lays himself down on the beach towel next to Cas’ chair in a most seductive way. *oh yes... he’s getting some kinky sex tonight!*
Dean’s not even trying to keep back his tears and if he’d take a look around, he’d see he’s not the only one...but he’s only got eyes for Cas.
” YOUR Dean...you’ve said that twice now. And with the way he was looking at me earlier...that was my jealous face. Is something going on between us...uh...you two? Am I reading this wrong?”
It's my birthday so I've brought treats!
“Well, well, well... a lone wolf... lost in the woods.”
“Sit down, Lisa. We gotta talk.
Right at that moment, Jack arrives. They briefed him beforehand, so when he throws himself into a hug with Sam, he exclaims: “Uncle Sam! I’m so glad to see you!”
All night, all night long
“Father, that was a truly beautiful sermon! Brought a tear to my eye... it really put some things in perspective for me. Thank you for that.”
“No...No! No pain! You're golden. Go for it!”
WEDNESDAY EVENING:
“They’re working their way up the Scoville Scale. Peppers, ya know? My moneys on Cas to get to the Carolina Reaper. The guy’s good... Downs tequila like it’s water.”
“Did you just throw a spoon at me?”
He gets up and closes in on her. When they’re mere inches apart he grabs her jaw in his hand and gives her his filthiest grin.
It starts of small. John has been quiet about their relationship for some time now. Dean naively thought that maybe he’d seen the light. Maybe he’d let it go, let them... be. Right. Not happening apparently. John’s absence was obviously meant as a short interlude, a time in which he has learned to reign in his anger and resort to more cunning ways.
Dean has never stripped faster in his life! He no longer cares about decency, let’s go full frontal... fuck this shit! Cas starts circling him, looking extremely concentrated and not at all affected by Deans nakedness.
Extra cookies for those that find the Led Zeppelin reference :P
Dean refuses to wear his panties from then on.
Suddenly the mood changes. Cas grips his knees and bends his legs back. He looks up at Dean, lips red and swollen... And for a moment... he panics.
“Ok, ok... she won’t be my wife much longer though. This Saturday... Ben’s with my mom then and I’ll tell her. I can be a free man by Sunday. WE can be free.”
“In nomine Patris et Filii et Spiritus Sancti”
“Big words for someone with his hands down his pants, trying to corrupt his flock.”
Dean sniggers, “Guess Kaia hasn’t.”
“Huh, I’m not usually wrong about that. Are you absolutely sure?”
************
John gets some... and then some! (JDM is a hot guy, so I'm allowing it)
“Okay...okay...” Dean says, “listen, not that I’m complaining, but I like that part too you know”
“Now, now, dear John... You’re in no position to throw stones, pet. I seem to remember you being quite vocal yourself yesterday, when I put that plug up that nice bum of yours.”
“It’s ok Dean, natural reaction to touch...I don’t mind”
“You’re not alright...”
“Maybe it’s time you found out...I’m in a league of my own. And I know how to handle a little spitfire like you, honey.”
Dean walks into Cas’ cabin and sees him sitting against the bed. He's smoking weed, head thrown back, looking weary.
That makes Cas look up, frown in place, “Close to...? But... What’s missing then?”
Dean can’t help himself, sassing people is what he does...
They separate a few moment later and Cas starts looking around.
Dean wipes it of the table, says his dad was trying to play nice with Cas, he’s just not that politically correct.
It was a pleasure writing this and I hope you guys enjoyed it!
You can fill my cup
“Oh, hell NO! No, no, no, that’s not what I mean! “ He chuckles, reaches into his pocket and throws something pink his way, “I was talking about your little side-piece...She hot? I bet she’s hot. Anyone wearing THAT just has to be! So spill!”
**********
“GET YOUR FILTHY HANDS OF ME!”
“No one ever accused John of being tactful...”
“Make him yours, Dean...”
Garth lets out a defeated sigh and before Dean can think about his next words...
“I’m sorry, Lis...” His voice is quiet, just above a whisper. Lisa reaches out and puts her hand on his.
“It’s smiting sickness. You need to get away from here”
I would still be loving you
***********
Even though he’s trying to hold off both their orgasms, he starts moving faster. His animalistic nature quickly overcoming his rational thinking, as Deans cock keeps hitting his prostate. Moans and cries of pleasure fill the air as the chair starts creaking, its legs scratching the hardwood floor...
“Can I come to confession, Father?”
“I get it, Cas, I do. I just wish you saw how much you deserve to be happy too. I’ll do this with you. If it means hiding, then we’ll hide. If it means I can never kiss you in public...well... I’ll just have to make up for that in private then. But I'll never leave you. I'll wait. I can do that for you.”
“Dean. Go home to your wife.”
“Ooooh... that’s what REALLY gets to you huh... Oh my Jack! I have such a great idea! Let’s just live and relive all their crazy sex-capades! Would you like that?!”
Make me scream!
A heart breaking. The loss of a first love. Suddenly he feels drunk.
John is feeling pretty damn good about himself! That fruity son of his and that perverted angel try to mess with HIM?! He comes back swinging!
So... there will be one more chapter after this, but it will not be for the faint of heart. I'll make the angel Jasmin go all Hannibal on Johns ass! Be warned! Just stop right here if that's not your thing.
“He sure is submissive, isn’t he? Gotta say, Cas, you really struck gold with that one... I don’t know where he gets it? His mom? Not a submissive bone in her. Found THAT out the hard way... Hope he a bit more willing in the sex-department than she was. Not one for exploring either, ifyouknowwhatimean. Then again, blowjobs and anal are kinda what your sort does, huh?! No need to ask him for it, it’s always on the table! You’re one lucky sonovabitch...”
How did this feel good when Cas did it? Oh, wait... lube! He needs lube! Activities are briefly paused as Dean searches his bedside table...Bingo! Time to get this show on the road again!
When he comes to, Cas has put him under the covers. He feels weighted down and safe and cared for. Cas re-enters the room with a sandwich and a bottle of water. He greedily takes both.
Cas immediately understands what Deans asking for. He gets in the bed and hugs him tightly to him. Still too proud to ask for cuddles...
Oh-ho-how... playing hard to get, insulting him... No matter how much he likes his women sweet and docile, a bit of bite now and again sure doesn’t hurt.
He has opened his shirt by now and is showing Dean around his body as if he was giving a house tour. Dean's mouth is too dry to speak.
************
Jo raises her left eyebrow and looks thoroughly unimpressed.
Sam isn't happy, Dean sees the error in his ways, Cas returns... My, oh, my, whatever could be next?????
*Fuck! Did Cas just...?!*
“Hey Cas... I’ve been trying to reach you. I was worried. Where’ve you been?”
Dean has to get out of there and ravish his man. Right the fuck NOW. They get up en leave John sitting there looking absolutely gobsmacked.
His anger would be all kinds of hot if it wasn’t directed at him...
“Oh... you wanna know about me?! You think that will magically solve everything?!”
***********
Bobby rolls his eyes, “Drinking sub-par beer and throwing him some cash to go and have a good time in a whorehouse don’t count, ya idjit! Poor boy’s always lookin’ out fer others and he’s never even had a homemade birthday cake, let alone a party... So, dead or not, we’re celebratin’, damnit! Now are you gonna act like a real father, put your bigotry aside and show up?”
“Cas... who had the brilliant idea of putting Claire next to my dad?!”
Make me scream!
“Okay, probably better that way. I’ll take a drive and check on Sam. And Cas...if she’s dead, bring her body out.”
They’re just waiting on Cas and Gabe now. They should’ve come in with Tessa, but they apparently missed the train, and who the fuck knows when they’ll be able to book another. Dean huffs, the laugh buried beneath it heavy and bitter. This is the first time Cas has actually been late for something, but it’s not the first time that he’s left Dean disappointed. He doesn’t expect it to be the last, either.
what I’m talking about. I dunno, might just be the District 9 in me, but I never understood a guy who’d let someone he cares about march to their death. Guess that’s why I’m in this position to begin with, though.”
He’s only done it this way once, and not since his first round with the Games. Even then, though, it was a little simpler. He wanted to get a message
Past the metal walls, the last call siren went off. Dean’s blood ran cold, that jittery funk in his stomach curdling all over again. Bobby clapped him on the shoulder and handed him his flask. There was enough at the bottom for half a good swig, but Dean downed it all the same. He could always count on Bobby. Always.
The fingers pressed against his pressure point relaxed. Dean heaved in a ragged breath.
Balthazar laughs dryly. “And Gabe had insisted that you were the smart one. In case you haven’t noticed by now, dear old Luci does whatever he feels like.”
Dean ignores the barb for right now, but he files it away so he can sock the guy in the jaw later. “Yeah, whatever. What the hell are he and Gabe doing in District 3? And why’d they send you?”
Castiel clicks its tongue. “I’m not here to perch on your shoulder. We had larger concerns.”
“So: interrogating, huh?”
“To the first question, somewhere outside the Capitol. Used to be Wyoming. Don’t know if they taught you much geography in school, but it ain’t changed much since the war. Looks like a ghost town. Not a lot in the way of traditional coverage or camouflage.”
, wingtip shoes with a heel to push him over that 5-foot-8 threshold, leant over a party table to talk to some dark supermodel at least twice his height.
—then stomps after Tessa and Balthazar.
“Looks like Sammy boy bought himself some entries so he could buy big brother a present.” Her eyes flashed up at him again, sinister and smoldering. “Nice amulet,
he hopes the little shortstack hears.
All he knows is that he’s seen the whole thing from top to bottom, at least from the distance of the glass elevator, and every hall is exactly the same. Identical polished black floors, matte grey walls, shiny gold ceilings. It’s like art deco gone wrong. He knows from one of Gabe’s frequent rants that it’s all a ploy, that bright colors stand out better against black than they do white, and it’s a “damn waste” because there aren’t any cameras inside the Tributes’ hotel. Outside, sure—gotta make sure the Tributes don’t run off—just none in the halls. But he also knows that it sends a message, one that’s even less subtle than the Capitol’s usual fare—everything is bleak, cause this is where you come to die. And we don’t need cameras, cause we’ve got you right where we want you.
Dean laughed, the sound choked and obviously forced. “You really believe that shit?”
A shiver ran down Dean’s spine. Trixie was saying something, probably trying to get off of Bobby’s bad side from the sound of gruff grumbling in the background, but Dean couldn’t focus. He had a name to go with the face. He’d never heard it before, certainly never seen the dude before five minutes ago, but, if there was one thing Dean had learned to trust in his life, it was his instincts. Right now, all of them were screaming at him to run, and run far, from Azazel’s line of sight.
For the first time in his whole life, he wished he was stuck in the moldy shed back in District 9 instead.
Dean licks his lips again for good measure, then turns away. Before he can make it more than two steps, a meaty hand latches onto his wrist, forcing him still. His pulse ratchets up, expecting the cold metal of a baton or a gun to follow.
He glanced up at the stone walls surrounding them. The cameras were off, and now they were just prisoners again. There weren’t any doors besides the one that closed behind them, the same one they’d leave through once the rest of the crowd took off.
The next few minutes flew by without Dean noticing. He knew the crowd was still shouting, knew that the commentator’s were still going, but he couldn’t hear one over the other. All he could focus on was keeping his eyes away from Lucifer’s spot and the steely-eyed man who stood beside him.
“Never said it was, sweetheart.”
Saline dripped from his eyes and nose onto Dean’s palm where it touched his face. They both shivered, but Dean refused to break. If he did, he didn’t know that he would be able to put himself back together.
“You heard me the first time. Idjit.”
,” he puts all the disgust he genuinely feels into that single word, “fucked up, buddy. I’m not exactly Moses here.”
pass Dean his flask, though. Dean’s hand shook as he reached out to touch it for the first time, knowing the answer well before it left Bobby’s mouth.
. Big words from a boy in medical chic! Work with me a little!”
a God?”
“I volunteer.”
The comm rings. And rings. And rings.
Bobby snorted. “Pissed, more ‘an anything. Raised some high hell about them not having the right to draft her. Not that that stopped them. And not that that stopped her.”
. Believing that it actual feels guilt, anyway. “It can be… overwhelming, to humans, and so can my real voice. But you already knew that.”
As if they can read his mind—and Dean honestly wouldn’t be surprised at this point if they could—the drones turn from Emma and scan the crowd. Lydia’s easy to find, tall and stacked with blonde hair that begs to be tugged. He almost smirks, but then the cameras get a little closer, and he gets a better look. She doesn’t look like any other mom he’s seen in this District. And not just because she’s still built like an Amazon. She doesn’t look sad, or surprised. It’s like she expected this. Wanted it. She doesn’t look happy, but she almost looks proud.
“Get out.”
“Uh… right,” he answered smartly. “Totally cheap.”
The comm gives a final ring. For a moment, Dean gets dead silence, then Cas’s voice filters out from the other end. Dean curses, about to launch into a rant, when the words finally click.
If Bobby shared their annoyance, he didn’t show it. All business, he set his flask down on the bar and leaned forward.
Even if it had, Azazel liked penthouse suites in the middle of the city. And Alastair preferred the dark.
Dean gives her a closer look. She doesn’t look a thing like the former Gamesmaster. Her skin is too pale, her hair too dark. Not that that means anything, given Bobby’s comments about the plastic surgery she’s had done. But then he glances back to her eyes. The eyes he mistook for angry have a kind of gleam to them. They glint a little black. In better lighting, they might flash yellow.
She rolled her eyes, utterly bored, and flung away the arm he’d braced against her throat.
“Bobby.”
And, yet, not five minutes ago, Cas said that he was looking to Dean for guidance. Waiting for Dean to make the right choice. Which, apparently, he did, since it was the choice Cas was hoping he would make. More than that, though, Cas shared with him a secret. And it scares the shit out of Dean to know that even one of Heaven’s VIPs is having doubts about “the greater plan” or whatever, but the bigger part of him is relieved. He isn’t the only one chafing under this “destiny” crap. He isn’t the only one who thinks that God’s pulled the wool over all of their eyes.
Just the thought sends a shiver down his spine, and he clutches harder at his pants to keep from showing it.
He wants to feel vindicated. Victorious. All he feels is small and fucking afraid. If this is what it feels like to win, Dean doesn’t want it. Not when the prize is his own damn thoughts, his own damn common sense connecting dots across the grid.
the fact that she swore allegiance to the frickin’ Capitol after she won,
is the thing he thinks will keep them all safe?
“It’s not a bad idea. The audience always loves gossip.”
But Dean stares into his eyes.
One of the missing people was an elderly woman who lived alone at the edge of town. Another was a teenage boy who’d made a habit of running away. Neither were very good leads. They were banking on the third. Elle Fairbanks had been tending the bar the night she went missing, meaning that there was a building full of people who might have noticed something off. That was as close to a lead as they were likely going to get.
Speaking of, he spared the one nearest the fence a quick glance. As usual, nobody was there. More often than not, the guards were too busy getting drunk or screwing around to care what was going on in a moldy-ass field. Good or bad, one of the few constants about District 9 was that nobody—not the guards, not the citizens, not the fucking Capitol—cared about it.
“Castiel.”
Cause, see, Dean stopped believing in God when he was about six. That’s when it finally sunk in that praying wouldn't bring Mom back. That
Dean turns around, then rolls up his sleeves.
The man laughs, a soft, quiet thing that never leaves his throat. “Sounds like a venereal disease, doesn’t it? Blame my mother. If it’s all the same, you can just call me Crowley.”
His interruption comes with a cheesy little shit-eating grin that Dean’s about half a second away from punching off. But his eyes glint, gold steel and dangerous, and Dean holds back. He’s smart enough to know when Gabe’s playing stupid. He knows enough to see the warning.
“Hey, Sammy?”
“Great! Well, now we’ve got that out of the way, we can talk about getting Cinderella dressed for her cage match!”
“I was, uh, made aware.”
. Dean wants so hard not to give it an inch lest it take a mile from him, but he finds himself…
“Damnit, Sam! Not this again. You’re almost a goddamn adult. You’re too old to believe in fairytales.”
It wouldn’t be an onerous task, from the look of things. Only twenty-eight patrons filled the seats, most of them glued to the television screen in the far corner of the room. A single bartender manned the taps. It was fortunate, for their purposes, but Castiel couldn’t quite make himself feel happy about it. If this is how the bar operated most nights, then it was no wonder Elle Fairbanks had made such an easy target.
“Three days ago, you thought there was no such thing as me.”
“How’s… how’s Ellen?”
have him look at you a little different.
Dean takes another look in the mirror—fucking
“Well, he knows how to answer the damn thing, so he better not try some stupid excuse.” He thinks back to showing Cas how to use the comm in the first place, and his head hurts from the pressure of trying not to laugh at the memory.
“I don’t know, Dean. Maybe they’re waiting for the right time.”
Dean held back his cursing, barely, and gripped the edge of the chariot tighter. It’d be just perfect if he fell out of the thing on his ass.
As always, neither of them noticed. The second one put away a few more pairs of tiny scissors and closed her bags.
isn’t any less ridiculous, but it’s not the stupidest Capital name he’s ever heard. Dude gives a little smirk like he knows exactly what Dean is thinking, and that does nothing so much as put Dean on edge. He doesn’t trust anyone on principal, especially not Capital lackeys, but this guy… Dean can tell he’s something different.
“We having a party or something?”
know, thanks) and nuncheon and vespers. Dean didn’t make any contributions to that conversation, but Sam did. He explained a bunch of kid jokes to Cas because, despite being older than both of them, Cas barely knew anything. Watching that whole thing unfold was more than amusing enough for Dean.
“Don’t step on that fish, Castiel,” Joshua murmured. “Big plans for that fish.”
Work? The fact that the Almighty wants him the same way everyone else does—to do the fucking job and keep his head down—is about the most triggering thing this
Dean gestures to the cinnamon mouthwash in his hand. “What, this?”
Bobby, Sam, and Jody all reach for guns that none of them should have, barrels pointed at Blondie. The guy barely seems to notice.
The look in Balthazar's eyes is enough to tell Dean exactly what he thinks about the plan. For half a second, Dean almost wants to smile. Double bluff - not bad, Cas. But then he thinks about four days ago, about that familiar cold chill when he stepped into his room, the red gold eyes glaring at him over the table, and it doesn't seem so funny. Cas must've timed Sam's exit perfectly - he didn't show up until right after Lucifer left.
“You and me both. Wouldn’t
Dean stands there, dumb, hand still hovering in midair. One of the lights gives another twitch, hiccupping a couple sparks onto the ground before it goes dead. Bobby lets out a snort, but, otherwise, doesn’t budge an inch. Dean
“Maybe,” he started, small and hoarse, “maybe somebody will stop it? Before you have to kill anybody?”
Silent, he grabs the whiskey bottle and heads for the door.
“Yeah. Yeah, uh, investigation.” Jerome spared one more glance at Castiel, his cheeks notably flushed, then bolted back through the door from which they had exited. He wiped his mouth with the back of his hand before he left. For some reason, it made Castiel’s spine tingle.
It doesn’t help that Castiel finds her just about as funny as Dean does.
That’s been true for most of Dean’s life, but tonight is one of the worst. After this “Rising of the Witnesses” crap, he’ll be surprised if he gets his full four hours anytime soon. He blinks, and it’s Meg. Rolls over, and Henrikson. Counts to ten, and Ronald. Every move, every twitch, conjures up another fucking person he’s let down. Another person whose death he caused.
Surprisingly, Sam is the one who answers this time.
When the light from the frosted glass windows started turning orange, Dean figured he’d waited long enough. With a groan, he hoisted himself off the mattress, rolled his shoulders, and left the room.
And there it is. That fucking smirk from before. Dean wishes he felt anything other than empty. That he could get up the nerve to punch it off Castiel’s face. But there’s no air in his lungs, and the room feels like it’s shrinking, and he’s lived nearly 70 years all told and
“Read the Bible,” it grouses. “Angels are warriors of God. I’m a soldier.”
“Put me up to what?”
And, thank God, that seems to do it.
It is no wonder, then, that Castiel found himself inexplicably drawn to a different creation entirely.
, and
After three seconds—a new record—Sam finally caves. With a low sigh, he flips his hair and shuffles forward.
punching this chick.
! Playing tonsil hockey with some—some
“The Lord works—”
, but I thought that might be too on the nose.”
“I’m an Angel of the Lord.”
many names, all so mysterious.”
what they remember about you.” He threw himself bodily into the chair across from Dean’s cot. “But, sure, why not? Trixie it is.”
, there’s no way, there’s just—
Again, Dean jumped. He grabbed for tray next to his bed, remembering too late that the sharp-ass tweezers had been taken by the hags when they left. He didn’t have a damn thing to defend himself.
The guy wets his lips but doesn’t nod. Still, Dean knows for sure what he’s dealing with now, and he doesn’t hesitate to lean into the guy’s space, just close enough for their chests to brush. Without breaking eye contact, he tucks his note into the guard’s breast pocket.
Bobby snorts and swirls his drink. “I’d rather use the opportunity to ring his neck if we can get that close to him before curtain call. But whatever floats your boat.” He slides the second glass of scotch Dean’s way, and by the smirk under his scraggly mustache, Dean knows all he did was buy himself a couple seconds, not cut the conversation off entirely. And, sure enough, “I take it that’s what you were doing out there roaming the halls. Slim pickins for date night around here, unless you already got a date in mind.”
out of the question.
this once. He hasn’t said out loud, but, in his head, he’s started comparing Cas to that overly helpful cop who actually believes that turning in pot-dealing kids will turn their lives around. Sam is the pot-dealer in this scenario. Because, yeah, if Dean didn’t know his little brother, he’d be pretty creeped out by his new
In the past forty-eight hours, Cas has done all of those things. And, yet… well, here they are. On a park bench, in broad daylight, watching kids play on a swing set. They might as well be holding fucking hands.
(See the end of the chapter for
Other claims about the Earth piqued Castiel’s interest much more. While nearly the whole planet was lush and wild, it apparently contained a secret place set aside from the rest, a garden paradise that God had deigned “Eden”. As of yet, it was empty, if the rumors were to be believed. Considering that said rumors stemmed from angels who had seen even less of the planet than Castiel himself, Castiel wasn’t entirely convinced. He certainly never saw any garden matching that description, and he watched its surface tirelessly.
Dean turns around and offers his own arm for Emma.
Before he could think much more on that, the noise from the audience drew his attention. There were some ohs and ahs, a few whoops here in there, some laughter. A few of the people in the crowd with kids covered their eyes, but none of them actually looked scandalized. Then again, they were letting their kids watch other kids march to their own slaughter, so Dean didn’t understand why they’d even pretend to be upset over a few “bad words” in the first place. He didn’t let that disgust ruminate, though. Much as he hated to admit it, Bela was right—if they wanted to stay alive, they had to put up a front. A show of unity. Amusement.
And, lucky or not, it didn’t seem like Sam would be looking for it anyway. His eyes, wet and glassy, had narrowed down to tiny hazel slivers, all fire and rage.
They haven’t always had a wealth of time to talk to each other, but they don’t just keep their conversations to the nuts-and-bolts, either. Even when one (or both) of them is pissed. Dean usually ends up sharing more about his thoughts or his past or his goddamn feelings than he ever means to and always ends up kicking himself for it after. Cas goes off on weird tangents that Dean sometimes pretends to be annoyed by but usually finds endearing.
“I gotta get this note to somebody. Better to start forming alliances now than wait till we’re in the arena, right?”
He confirmed that Heaven was protected, that other angels held their presence along the Gate, and, then, he was gone.
His whole body jerked. He barely refrained from kicking the chair out from behind him. Instead, he clenched his fist and settled for shoving a single, shaking finger between his brother’s eyes. “That ain’t gonna happen.”
He immediately turns around to see if anyone noticed. But nope—the kids, the little “works of art”, are still running around without a care in the world.
"Yes, unfortunately. He was completely banking on the fact that Lucifer would want to prolong and publicize his suffering for the deception. It seems he was correct."
“Concerns?”
Neither Dean nor Bela bothered to respond to that. They’d both learned enough by now to know it was impossible to tell if she was being sarcastic or genuinely sucked at giving compliments, and they’d both decided separately that they wouldn’t care. The fact that she returned to her comm immediately after, as if Dean and Bela weren’t worth any more of her time, didn’t help any.
“Pleasure doing business with you, Dean!” she called out behind him. “And may the odds be ever in your—”
“Good.” He turned toward Bela. “Now, you wanna talk strategy? Let’s talk. Whaddaya wanna know?
Dreaming. He was just… fucking
He’s gotta tell Sam. And Bobby. They can’t go walking into this thing blind. It’s fucking huge and way too much, but they’re the last line of defense. That’s what Dean’s gotta believe from all of this. They’ve gotta start scoping out seals. Knocking down bricks. Keeping this thing from blowing up even bigger than it already is.
The woman smirked, all traces of boredom gone. Dean didn’t care. Sick and fuming, he churned his mouth, then spat the taste of her onto the floor. The hay from the bag of hares stuck to his boot as he headed for the door.
Wobbling, he picks himself up off the couch and staggers over to the liquor cabinet. It and his soft, foamy mattress are about the only things that make this damn house worth living in. It’s too damn big for just him. Having Sam here for the past week has been both a blessing and a cruel reminder—before Luci’s announcement, he almost forgot that Sam didn’t actually live with him. Now, he wonders if Sam ever will again.
“Today’s Reaping will go a little differently,” the guy says. “As I’m sure you’ve noticed, we are sadly missing one of our beloved victors. It is with the utmost regret that I must confirm the rumors I’m sure all of you have heard by now. Two nights ago, Adam Milligan, winner of the 45
“As decreed by our President, the new ruling for this year’s Games state that, should any district have no living victors, the necessary male and/or female Tribute will be Reaped from a pool of all of that District’s citizens. In order to make the competition more fair, no restrictions shall apply; any citizen above the age of twelve may be Reaped.”
gonna have to watch! Did you think about how that would make me feel? Did you think about me at all?”
He shivered, looking askance at his siblings. Many flitted in and out of being, some for mere moments, some for what Castiel knew must have been eons. Perhaps they, too, had felt a calling, a purpose, and had vanished to go fulfill it. As for himself, he knew his duty, but not his mission. He would wait until he received direct orders.
“Listen,” he starts soft, taking both their invitations to pop in front of the laser. “I’m the last fucking person to be saying anything, but keep your head up in here, and smile. They’re all snakes, and they all wanna eat you alive. Don’t let ‘em. You stay with me, or Bobby, or Tessa. Capisce?”
Upstairs, one of the curtains flicks shut.
To her credit, Bela didn’t even roll her eyes at him. Neither did Bobby. The old man took another drink, then set his flask back down.
The well of tears, the softness in Dean’s gut, popped like a balloon. His hands clenched against nothing. His body started vibrating again, but, this time, it had fuck all to do with nerves. Then red flooded his eyes.
Sam rolled his eyes, but he also picked up the bag and ran into the kitchen with it. Dean followed, shaking his head as he put the amulet back around his neck.
He wanted to frown, he did, but Dean had caught on well enough now to keep his own 60-watt smile plastered on. He immediately understood what had happened. Unlike him, Bela was listening. Strategizing. She knew that the District 8 kids’ arguing was gonna cost them points, and she didn’t want to suffer the same fate. Whether they kept it up in the Games themselves didn’t matter—after a point, the only thing that would keep them alive in there was a gift from the right sponsor. Dean and Bela playing nice for the camera, giving them all a tease of “are they/aren’t they”, would guarantee they’d get it.
, he does, to… to focus, or something. Something fucking useful. But all he can do is slump forward, body shaking and cold even with the summer heat and his leather jacket. His eyes, his nose, burn like he’s inhaled smoke, and all he wants to do is slap himself. He hates crying.
“Nice. Gonna have to show me that trick sometime.”
“Ah, the man of the hour!” Gabe crows. “Dean, meet this year’s new Gamesmaster. Dean Winchester, Fergus McLeod. Fergus, Dean.”
, his brain reminds him.
Sam kicked him in the back of the leg, no real heat or strength behind it. The bitchface slid off just long enough for him to smile, really smile. Dean found himself returning it.
Dean had been on both by the time he was in school.
She reached out to grab for the paper slips in the glass bowl to her left. The girls in the crowd froze up like popsicles, but the bitch on stage didn’t care. She just grabbed one and held it up. Dean had to hand her that, at least—she wasn’t playing the usual game of upping the suspense as if this was
Dean stared. Blinked. Stared some more. Castiel tilted his head an inch further, and, finally, Dean snorted. There wasn’t any humor in the noise.
He wants to hate this thing with a passion.
Dean smacked him—maybe a little rougher than he should have—across the mouth. “Don’t even go there.”
Don’t mean he has to like it.
Castiel swings his head back around, that same fucking smirk on his lips.
“You look nice.”
up there. I mean, he exists, he isn’t some bedtime story, but I don’t know a soul who’s actually met him. I’ve .”
“The fuck are you?”
In his opinion, the look doesn’t have nearly the same effect it did when he was a twinky teenager, but nobody else seems to agree. It hasn’t failed him yet, anyway. He’s hoping for the same luck tonight.
Light glinted in from a crack in the folded ceiling. The sky was starting to turn orange overhead. Dean figured that gave him just under half an hour to get back before nightfall. The sigh that left his body, deflating him, was childish, and he knew it, but it wasn’t like there was anybody out here to see. Every time he came out here, it got a little bit easier to imagine running away, heading for the mountains and never looking back. But he could never do that to Sam. The guards, and the Games, and the world they lived in were all dangerous, but at least the odds weren’t stacked too high against his baby brother. Out here, though? Out here, Sam wouldn’t stand a chance.
“Sent me back…” Sam meets Dean’s eyes over the back of the couch. “What’s coming?”
—but that don’t mean there aren’t eyes everywhere. He’s half expecting his buddy from the elevator to decide Dean wasn’t worth the wait and follow him back. The thought makes his shoulders clench even more than they already were, but he holds himself steady. Even if he ends up getting fucked tonight when that’s the last thing on his agenda, it’ll be worth it. Anything’s worth getting to Cas.
“Tess, I appreciate you checkin’ in on me or whatever, but we both know the drill. Let me get at least an hour to myself before we start talking gameplans."
Castiel might be “proof” for Bobby and Sammy that God is right here with them. It isn’t for Dean. Dean hasn’t believed in Him less.
Taking care to avoid his eyes in the mirror, he ruffles up his hair a little extra and spikes the front with gel. Pops the collar of his jacket so it hangs away from his neck, showing off the cords and muscle. The shirt he’s wearing is plain, black, and about three sizes too small. It hugs his chest and rises up every time he breathes to reveal a slip of skin around his waist. His jeans are just as tight. Dean even took the time to work himself up a little before pulling them on to give a noticeable but not obvious glimpse of the bulge between his thighs.
The woman ignored him. Still grinning, she pulled one hare out by its ear. The pale, stripped skin looked right at home in her palm.
Apparently, his death glare had gotten stiff, or Bela didn’t give a fuck about that either. Whatever the reason, she leaned toward him over the bar and eyed him up and down like cattle. His fingers clenched against the wood.
He turns from his baby brother to open up the glass liquor cabinet again. He flicks his eyes up to look at Sam’s reflection. For half a second, he expects to see a floppy-haired boy, shuffling his feet and silently praying that Dean won’t be too mad at him. Of course, that’s not what he gets. Sam finally lived up to the ever-constant threat of being the taller Winchester, and, while his hair still hangs in his face, his eyes don’t hold an ounce of remorse. Just pity. Guilt, maybe. But those ain’t the same thing. It’s hard to believe that this is the same little kid who, just twelve years ago, tried to convince him that District 13 would swoop in and save the day before Dean got any blood on his hands.
Sam rolls his eyes, but at least he stows any comments about Dean wearing the fur blanket like a toga. As expected, he’s back to his usual, endearing self. Hollow as it might be.
of her wings was barely audible over the pulsating, shimmering light, but it flooded Castiel’s being all the same. A moment later, his grace touched ethereal marble and prismatic reflections, far removed from the pure light he’d been born into.
, all amused like Dean’s a fucking toddler who doesn’t realize that tripping off the merry-go-round isn’t a life-or-death situation.
“Wait, wait.
A bullet speared through Dean’s brain. His whole body went numb. That wasn’t… he hadn’t heard right. This couldn’t…
“Ah, good, he lives. More or less.”
There's mashed potatoes, fried potatoes, boiled potatoes, fries. A fruit platter even Dean finds himself ogling that he’s sure would make Sammy cum in his pants. Two plates piled high with different kinds of chicken. A whole roast pig with a fat, unnaturally red apple stuffed up its snout. Five different kinds of pies.
“I don’t believe it will take us that long.” Castiel released his phone, then leaned over the bar. “Unless you truly know something of merit, anyway.”
Three… two… one…
“Castiel Novak!”
“Not all the districts have two living victors. Hell, some don’t even have any female victors at all.”
So, that just leaves Dean’s old standby.
His feet had barely touched the surf when he was stopped.
Note: The "fancy couch" Bela is laying on is called a chaise lounge. Dean is 18, he can't be expected to know the names of haute couture furniture.
“Okay. Last one opens, and…?”
“I assume this is our ride?”
Sam looks over, eyebrow raised. Dean nods, even as he grits his teeth. His brother is being smart about this—helpful, given that Dean isn’t smart about much of anything. The fact that he forgot about the other Tributes is testament to that. He’ll need all the help he can get in the brains department, and this Kevin kid seems to fit the bill. But the “kid” part is all that Dean can really focus on. Kevin’s sixteen-damn-years-old—doesn’t matter that he’s already won one of these, he’s a goddamn baby as far as Dean’s concerned.
Scratch that—Dean was
some ‘Capital stooge’. I ain’t a goddamn thing like any of them. You don’t know the
“I’ve also heard a few rumors that he is—or used to be—addicted to something,” Bobby continues. “Couldn’t find any evidence to prove it, though. But that’s still more than I know about Charlie over here. All I could find on her is that she won on a complete fluke—hid in a cave for her whole Games ‘til all the rest of the Tributes offed each other. Since then, she’s been designing security systems for the big-name warehouses throughout the country. Supposed to be some kind of tech wizard.”
* * *
Bobby cleared his throat.
There weren’t any markings on his skin. Nothing monstrous, at least—a tattoo, tribal in nature, stamped his arm right above the elbow. There was nothing particularly dangerous about the Navajo symbol for “bird”. Then again, it was possible that the man was a shaman of some sort, which meant that he might be able to point Castiel in the right direction. The observational skill of shamans and other spiritualists was well-known throughout the Host.
Dean frowns, then raps a little lighter. “Emma? You in there?”
But he’s gotta try. He’s gotta talk to Cas, and he’s gotta do it soon. Away from the cameras and prying eyes, before this shitshow really kicks off.
That accent, the faint lilt that made her sound like Capitol trash, broke him out of his trance. True to her word, she'd hit the gym as soon as they were checked in at the hotel, a monstrosity of a thing that solidified Dean's initial idea of a chrome prison. He'd barely seen her at all in the three days since. Even at meals, they just grabbed their food and went back to their rooms. He'd actually forgotten how annoying she was.
“Tess? Do I look like some Capital princess to you?”
“What’s your name?”
“This ‘victors only’ bullshit. He’s really screwed himself with it. I don’t know what he was thinking.”
Much as it fascinated him, he never abandoned his duties to watch. He only knew Creation from a distance, the awe-filled murmurings of his brethren who had been lucky enough to see the universe take place with their own eyes. His purpose, his only reason for existence, was to stay to the halls of Heaven, singing his Father’s praises and protecting its outer reaches from unknown threats.
"I don't know.
The scribbling stopped. A couple seconds later, a mop of brown hair attached to a string-bean of a boy flounced into the room.
It started to make sense to him why so many people were fixated on the act.
“Lucifer?” The name sticks to his tongue. “But I thought Lucifer was just a story they told at Demon Sunday School.” Except they didn’t. Forty years in Hell, and never, not once, did any of them say, even
Dean swallowed, counted down from three, then leveled Sam with every bit of fury he was feeling.
Dean sees red. In the shadows of the floodlight, he sees Meg. Ronald. Henrikson. Ash. Mom. Dad. Sam. Every single person he’s failed to save. Every single person he’s ever watched die. He sees it in the shadow of the floodlights, and not at all in the blacks of Castiel’s eyes. Not like he sees it in his own when he works up the nerve to look in the mirror.
With a roll of his eyes, he straightened his sarape and looked away. For what had to be the sixth or seventh time in an hour, he caught his own eyes in the mirrored wall, shifting from side-to-side so he could get all of his angles.
The camera angle changes. The Stooge winks. His eyes gleam. The comm rings.
“Hey, wait a goddamn second, you can’t just—”
“Okay, so we’ve got Dragon Master. What about her?” He squints at the girl—woman? —his body leaning toward the monitor. “I think… do I know her?”
“This?” He pulls back his trenchcoat like
Behind him, Balthazar gives another of those long-suffering sighs. Dean spins around, ready to smack more than just air out of the guy’s mouth, but his face stops him dead. He still looks like a smarmy little dick, yeah, but that isn’t smugness or indifference in his eyes. That’s fear. Sadness.
The President takes the stage, tall and sturdy behind his podium. The curtains behind him light up to give him a kind of halo effect, like some gleaming, angelic god, like the sun shines out of his ass. Dean laughs dryly at the image—no doubt a special instruction from the President himself. But Dean knows better. Any closer, and the camera would catch how his skin peels behind his makeup, flaking away like the meth addicts of old. It might even catch his reddened, disease-ridden eyes. But the camera stays just far enough away that only those who’ve seen him in up-close and personal would know to look for it—that just isn’t something the crowd is supposed to notice.
Trees zoom past the window at a mile a minute. Maybe faster. Probably faster. If he could be bothered to do the math, Dean could probably figure it out. He thinks the same thing every time he gets on this godforsaken train, but he never does a damn thing about it.
Bobby nods. “Last time you saw her, she was blonde. Lotta work done, too.”
? Really, Bobby?”
The drone camera zoomed in closer. The name “Sam Winchester”, perched between two manicured fingernails, filled the screen.
Jerome and Dean spoke at the same moment, and neither of their tones made sense to Castiel. Jerome practically squawked, as if in surprise. Dean, however, had taken on the same sarcastic lilt he normally reserved for Crowley. Sam still refused to look directly at any of them.
Bela didn’t seem to find that funny. Her loss, Dean thought—in his opinion, he was pretty fucking hilarious.
“Lilith has a certain sense of humor.”
It doesn’t look irritated. He wishes it would. It just purses its lips and looks
like slime on his skin. But he could worry about paying the dude back after Reaping Day was over. Right now, he had bigger fish to fry.
Against Dean’s palm, still lingering on the shirt pocket, the guard’s heart beats a little faster. Dean winks, gives the pocket another pat, then takes a step back. The guard actually hovers after him like he thought they were gonna kiss. If Dean wasn’t so happy, he might puke.
Dean snorted. They weren’t bothering to be quiet, and it bit them in the ass—the Tributes from 8 turned in their chariot, eyes like daggers as they stared at him and Bela. The effect was somewhat ruined by the purple, gold, and fluorescent orange strings hanging off them.
His boots stuck clumsily to the velvet carpet, but Dean didn’t give a good goddamn. The idea of leaving his stains on hoity-toity Capitol contraption was vaguely amusing, but not enough to distract him from the full tumbler of whiskey calling his name.
Joshua’s form shimmered, urging Castiel to take a closer look. So, he did. The little fish, hobbling and scraped all over, pulled itself past the foam, the rocks, the lacerating reeds. Its body heaved, gills shaking as it tried to breathe. Deep within himself, Castiel still wished to ease its pain. He forced himself not to move, but something must have given him away. He felt Joshua’s stare upon him, curious and perhaps even surprised, but he did not speak, neither to permit nor chastise. Still, Castiel did not like this look—angels had singular purpose, a shared consciousness he was all too aware of in his millions of years of existence. Surely surprise was not a common emotion, much less an accepted one.
“Thought you said you didn’t like me poaching?”
He steps closer, smug for the first time all fucking week. Screw Lilith, he did his job. “Well, we put those spirits back to rest.”
Again, she nods. She still doesn’t say anything, but he imagines that her hand tightens on his elbow. It’s enough to have his patented fake-as-hell smile slide a bit into his real one. She doesn’t return it, but at least she doesn’t look like a scared little mouse here in the dark. As long as no one gets too close, she could pass for looking bored. Good. Bored can work in her favor.
She clicked her tongue, and the guard holding Sam let go. Breathe flooded Dean’s body like a gale-force wind. His heart was still pounding a mile a minute, but at least Sam was safe. At least he could breathe.
old house, anyway. Rustling papers greeted him from the kitchen.
Eden or not, though, there was more than enough wonder and beauty about the place to hold his interest. God had long since moved on to other planes of existence, perhaps entirely different universes if Castiel’s predecessors were to be believed, and, yet, the Earth continued to flourish. Their Father’s creation continued to create on its own. Grass, trees, flowers. Lizards, insects, frogs. All of them perfectly capable of designing new life, all perfect in his Father’s image.
The look he received in return did nothing but deepen Castiel’s confusion. Unfortunately, in their line of work, it was an expression Castiel was all too familiar with. Dean looked like the wind had been knocked out of him.
“Uh… glad you’ve given it some thought,” Bobby finally muttered. “They’ll give you a crash course on hand-to-hand and wilderness during training. I’ll fill in the blanks. Trust me, easier to do things that way then overload you with info from the onset. But they got a gym where we’re stayin’, if you wanna practice the other stuff.”
* * *
It’s the fourth time Dean’s asked in the last week, but it still pisses him off when Sam shakes his head “no”. Thoughts of Cas strung out, arrested, or worse invade his brain, and he finds himself clenching his fists. He sent Sam to stay with Cas so he’d keep him safe, and that means sticking with him, not doing stupid shit like not answering their fucking calls. It ain’t like him to give them full-out radio silence. He’s blown Dean off before, sure, but never…
about me, Dean. So don’t you
The man’s whiskey-soaked breath seeps into his skin, and, for a horrible second, he thinks he might start crying. Thank God Bobby seems to have the same trigger, though, cause he lets go, slapping Dean’s chest on the way, and shoves them apart before either of them can get too emotional. They both know it’s impossible to shut certain doors once they’re open.
Naturally, Castiel assumed he’d be waiting outside as backup, or perhaps investigating the establishment while Sam and Dean distracted everyone. To his surprise, the Winchesters had planned on the exact opposite. If their culprit truly was a rogue angel, then sending in Cas might be enough to smoke them out or make some other mistake. Also, there had apparently been an incident in this particular bar that meant that neither Sam nor Dean would be particularly welcome inside. Judging by the flush on Sam’s cheeks and the smirk on Dean’s mouth, he assumed it was quite the story.
“Dean!”, Sam says, eyes wide as saucers, “FFS man, put on some pants!”
Deans arrival in Heaven is thoroughly celebrated at the “Harvelle’s” in the sky. It doesn’t look like the original one, but rather like a mix of all of Deans favourite bars. The booze is top shelve, the burgers to die for, there’s a mechanical bull, pool tables... hell, there’s even a karaoke machine!
Nope! Not okay! He's sick again. Violently so.
It’s all he needs to finally be brave.
At this point he’s afraid to move. What the hell is happening?!
I re-entered the church and worked behind the scenes for a bit. Simply doing good work. And now I am here. I perform all my priestly duties; I say all the right words, go through the motions, look the part... but, what really matters is what I do ‘in the dark’. You see, my time with Gabe showed me something very important. Every life is worth saving. No matter the colour of your skin, or the one you love or the life you choose to lead. We are but men amongst men, who are we to judge.
Dean hasn’t smoked weed in... forever, but the time travel madness seems like a justified reason to. So, he sits down on the bed and takes a hit.
Dean looks him in the eyes and gives him a sad smile. He presses his lips against Cas’... softly... then turns and walks out the door.
“I’m not hiding. Not anymore, Cas... What we did... it was... it’s never been like that for me. Part of me has always been disgusted by sex.  I’ve always felt like something was wrong with me. Hell, Lisa is a beautiful woman and a yoga-teacher to boot and half the time I can hardly get it up for her! But ever since I met you... I couldn’t ignore THAT side of me anymore. God, I’ve done that for so long... to long. I kept trying to be dad’s perfect son, kept pushing everything down... You learn to love the pain you feel, ya know? It becomes a part of you. With me, it just fed my anger...and the anger was an outlet for everything I couldn’t say... couldn't have... But now... it’s a brave new world.”
Suddenly he pulls away. Dean whines, a high sound he’ll never admit to making later.
Dean has been playing pool for most of the evening and when he returns to their table, they’re short a chair. Cas gives him a wink and leans back. Dean takes the invitation and sits down on his lover's lap. They just sit there, conversation and booze both flowing royally... John just watching them. Cas tries not to let it mess with him, but it’s quite unnerving. His constant gaze, his weird smile... And then he suddenly gets up, takes his chair, places it next to them and says:
“How ‘bout we skip the flirtin’ and get straight to the grindin’, sweetheart?”
All of the sudden, Cas stands up. Dean thinks he’s about to go over to them and end whatever is going on, but he just loudly clears his throat, drawing everyone's attention.
“Let’s change that, shall we?”
“Wait here.”
Cas stops him right there:
*WTF...*
Dean still seems unable to for words, but he nods an closes the gap instantly. As their lips meet for the first time, everything else seems to fade away. Nothing exists except Dean&Cas... Cas&Dean... the whole universe could have imploded and he would not have noticed. The need for more is overwhelming and he deepens the kiss, caressing Deans tongue with his, exploring his mouth and the feeling of completeness makes him shiver.
“Excuse me?!”
John is drinking –yet another- beer. Hell, he’ll need many more if he’s to deal with those fags... Should have known his eldest’s girly face would get him in trouble.
“Will there be begging?”
“Castiel? Dean... is this about... your preferences?”
You are the one you're on your knees
The moment Dean gets the text, his heartrate speeds up. His package was just delivered at the post office. Finally! He throws on his jacket, grabs his keys and with a “Going out, be back in an hour!” he’s out the door. He had seen the questions written all over Sam's face, but there would be no explanation. Noooo... this is something he won’t share with anyone.
“He just thinks he’s too old for that stuff. He’ll let me come, I promise. “
“Touch me Dean”, Cas says breathless
When Dean’s done, he jumps of the stage, collects Cas in his arms an kisses him like there’s no tomorrow. When their mouths finally detach, he looks John right in the eyes and tells his lover: “Oh, I’ll make you scream alright...”
There will still be you and me”
Dean swallows audibly. Fuck, when did Cas go from sounding sad to sounding absolutely sex-starved? He feels a hand touching his shoulder. THAT shoulder.
They re-dress and end up driving Baby, no destination in mind, hands entwined between them.
Inspiration is what you are to me
Shit! Nonononono.... not going there!
He gives him his most charming smile-and-wink and Cas immediately responds to it.
He says it all very quickly, like he just needs to get it out as fast as possible. Sam takes a moment to process. Wow... his ship is canon!!!
Gabriel took me in. No questions asked, no conditions. And for the first time in my life, I started thinking about what I wanted. WHO I wanted to be. Where my true passion lay. Granted, I got swept away by Gabe’s ‘Thank-Fuck-I'm-Alive-Tour'… For some time, I lost myself in hedonism. No longer burdened by others’ expectations, I felt free and sexually blossomed. Drugs, women, men... every sin that brought me pleasure was thoroughly tried and tested. And found wanting. I missed being a priest. Helping people, whether it be through religious guidance or simply being a helping hand... It was my sacred promise to mankind and one I could not leave behind.
“ssshhh...it’ll be ok.”
He’ll take the fear. The pain. Everything! But not this!
He’s never seen Bobby look so surprised.
Settling down on his bed, he starts looking through the calendar. Wow... this photographer is a genius... The lighting perfectly accentuates the muscles, the hats are all white (nice touch...) and there’s a softness to the pictures that stands in harsh contrast with the roughness of these men... Dean is entranced.
He instantly sits up, brings both of them to their knees, Deans back against Cas’ chest. Dean leans his head back and starts kissing him. There's an unspoken need to his behaviour tonight. Cas knows he craves something more...something transcendent. He dislodges from Deans mouth and his head falls back on his shoulder. Perfect. He puts one hand on Deans stomach and lets the other slide down his face...underneath his jaw...
“Why didn’t you tell her already then?”
Oh god, he couldn’t have kept his mouth shut, could he? Wel, in for a penny...
************
Cas and Dean exchange looks and she swears she can see words fly from one head to the other.
He doesn’t sound like he normally does. Doesn’t stare into his eyes. Dean flinches.
“Aaaah yessss... the start of Dean’s functioning-alcoholic-thing...You guys parted ways a few days later. Never saw them again. Well... Dean did saw Lee again later. Had to kill him for feeding people to a monster in return for wealth.”
He shrugs his shoulders and sends his lover a dirty wink.
He’s still panting, when Lisa crawls over him and starts kissing him.
“Strip. I can examine heart, lungs, brain and organs just by laying a hand on you, but some things I need to actually see and feel. My grace isn’t what it used to be, after all...”
“Not a talker then... Pity. I do love a bit of flirty banter, makes me feel all young and pretty...”
Dean tries to be a good and loyal son. He pushes down his rebellious streak and listens to his parents. They’re good people, useful members of society. His mom is always involved in some kind of charity, his dad can’t say no to people in need to save his life... Which is why Dean is stunned by his hard-edged “NO, I can’t help. I don’t care if you need someone with Winchester Expertise. I just can’t!” The words are practically spat into the phone, before he throws it on the couch and leaves the house in a hurry. It starts ringing again... and Dean can’t help himself. He answers it.
Cas gets back on the bed and starts preparing everything for the main event. A pillow is placed under Deans lower back, lube generously spread over his hole (“Shit, Cas! Cold!!”), fingers exploring... and then...
WEDNESDAY EVENING:
Lisa is suddenly pulled away and then it’s just them. He has been expecting Dean to be hostile, to be angry or just plain uncomfortable. He never expected him to say:
*Please say no...*
The very happy end.
Dean’s eyes go wide. Surely, he doesn’t mean... He can’t... Cas has taken the chair next to him, instead of the one behind the desk. His closeness only confused him more.
All night, all night long
Nice try, Cas... He won’t walk away. He will let him do his thing, hell, he’ll even help him! Loyalty is one of Dean’s best qualities, after all. Cas just needs a little push.
“I was ready to leave. I would tell her, she’d be mad and I’d leave. But then... she said she understood. About me being... bi. Accepted it even. She blindfolded me, Cas... did all sorts of things to me while telling me to think about... a man. And it worked.”
After collecting the package, he can’t get home fast enough. He parks Baby in the garage and sneaks up to his room. No time for distractions, he’s been waiting for this special edition for years. The crowning jewel of his super-secret collection...
“Wel Mary,” Cas starts, “we came over for a visit, but I think we’ll need your spare bedroom as well.”
Dean flinches as he says those last words. No, nope, he won’t want to do that, will he? God, he’s such an idiot...
His head shoots up and he gives her a deer-in-headlights-look.
“Oh, but this is good! Who do you think introduced me to the joy of carnal acts? It’s ironic really... he’s the one that awoke all this in me and now he constantly berates me for needing it. Like he doesn’t sleep with every pretty thing that catches his eye, fucking hypocrite... You know he told me he loved me? And maybe he did, for a minute. But when Sam said yes... Let’s just say Dean lost the last shred of humanity he had left”
“Are you imagining him bending over the table like this? Grinding into you like this?”
Satisfied (for the moment), they rest their foreheads together. Just enjoying the moment... He’ always talking about ‘no chick-flick moments’, but secretly he’s a sucker for it.
John looks like he can’t breathe. He gasps for air and askes: “Dean... and Cas... they have a kid...together???”
He gets up and reaches inside his coat for a moment. Once he’s found what he’s looking for, he gets back in position, briefly thrusting his cock against Deans. He makes quick work of putting lube on his fingers and starts prepping himself. Dean is looking at him like he’s seen divinity... He cautiously touches Cas, twisting his hand on the upstroke, making his eyes roll back. He’s finally ready, and positions himself over his lover. They are locked in a bruising kiss as he lowers himself on Dean’s cock. They both moan, temporarily overwhelmed by the sensations. It only takes Cas a minute to recover and he starts riding Dean at a gallop. This isn’t going to take long... Dean quickly gets with the plan and starts stroking him again, matching his own rhythm. His thighs are burning and quivering, he’s about to come... And he doesn’t know of it’s the clench of his hole around him, the almost animalistic cry he lets out or the come landing on his chest, but Dean’s back arches and what he sees in his eye is so incredibly vulnerable it breaks his heart a little. His eye fall shut and he let’s go. It’s beautiful.
Cas can sense the underlying threatening tone, but isn’t fazed in the slightest.
The wink he sends Johns way makes him run for the hills. The laughter of everyone present at ‘Harvelles’ following him out.
“Let’s just invite him to our barbeque. The only way forward is through, right? I don’t wanna keep harassing him if he’s trying to play nice. That wouldn’t make us any better than him.”
*Oh wow, is he going to speech?!*
How did he ever deserve a girl her? He doesn’t know what to do... what to say. The silence stretches on until his wife gets up, takes him by the hand and gets him to stand up.
He ends up leaving the shop at noon. The guys know their job, they can do without him for a day. A few hours on the road, just him and baby, that’ll clear his mind right up!
“Cas.. Is possessing your dad? And you’re ok with this?!”
And then one day, a young man knocked on my door. Short, blond and the mirror image of my father. He told me how his mother had been an intern at my father's law firm. She was young, beautiful, impressionable... and my father took advantage. He promised her the world and left her begging in the streets as soon as he found out she was pregnant. As a last attempt to appease him, she named her son Gabriel, so all his children would be named after angels. He never even made any attempt to meet him. My blind faith in my father crumbled...just like that. And things were about to get worse.
John feels righteous. He’s walking up to Dean's house and he plans to guide his son back unto the right path. No more angels, no more being gay... he’ll get his loyal, obedient, skirt-chasing son back! Just you wait!
The angels Jasmin is smiling sweetly at him, the knife twirling between her fingers... he eyes it nervously.
Cas’ voice rumbles softly as he examines him. Thoroughly. Dean starts getting hard.
and releases his grip on Dean’s throat.
Cas looks up and smiles at him.
That seems to have pushed ALL of Cas’ buttons and he’s on him in a heartbeat! They passionately kiss for a few moments, locked in a tight embrace, hands in each other's hair... He lifts his legs, closes them around Cas’ hips, ankles locked. They stop.
Make me scream!
“Can I touch them, Cas?”
He can’t... his mouth opens, but the words won’t come. He looks around the church and an idea sparks in his mind.
Dean is hardly getting any air now. The only sounds are little, aborted pants. Cas starts working him harder and starts snapping up his hips. The hand closes. No more breathing.
Her eyebrows shoot up, but her naughty smile remains. Yeah... he knew she’d be up for a quick rough&tumble. Lady in the streets, freak in the sheets, right?
John jumps up and throws his empty beer away.
The sermon is... different. To say the least. Where Father Zachariah had been boring, giving no personal input (save for his interpretation of sin), Father Castiel speaks with passion and conviction. He refers to the more loving parts of the Bible, talks about forgiveness and acceptance...for the first time in his life, Dean actually listens, to enraptured by the charisma of this man to even look away. And he’s not the only one... The whole congregation seems hypnotised by him, hanging on his every word. Now this is something to look forward to on a Sunday morning!
“I’m not done yet Dean”
Things are not looking good for John Winchester... He has now fucked up with BOTH his sons, made a terrible impression on his grandson/God and to top it all off: Mary left.
“Go easy on dear old dad, sweetie. The man doesn’t know what you’re capable of... You don’t need to prove yourself to me. I’ll still give you whatever you want, you know that.”
“Sam... there’s one other thing... Dad’s here too. And I know I’ve never told you everything about him and me, but we have a real nasty past, man... I hid the bruises from you when we were kids and I hid the truth when we grew up, because you and him, that was always a ticking timebomb to begin with and I was so scared you’d leave and then you left anyway and...”
Dean looks Cas in the eye, face serious in spite of what Lisa just shared.
Tears of loves lost in the days gone by
Dean suddenly breaks away, the lack of breath apparently too much. He’s looking at him with awe, says: “You can do whatever you want to me, Angel.” and lays back, hands above his head in total surrender.
**************
Cas grins,
Dean can’t answer. He’s to lost in the sensations. He sees Cas put his hand behind himself, working himself open. His other hand pulls the lace panty down, exposing Deans junk, the frilly elastic placed underneath his balls.
I would still be loving you
*high five for yourself Dean Winchester!*
He reaches down and touches his hole. Man, that’s so strange... *Ok, time to be a man about it* He inserts one finger. *Okay nope! Toomuchtoomuchtoomuch! Auwch, fuck!*
Mary is livid. Her eyes shine with rage and John feels a very cold shiver run down his spine. He’s reminded of their last year together. When they were first married, Mary was the perfect wife... easy going, always agreeing with him, always smiling. Then suddenly things started to change. Having kids changed her, made her priorities shift. He didn’t like it and wasn’t afraid to tell her so. They would often fight, had done so on the night she died actually. It was no coincidence that she’d gone to bed alone that night.
“Hello John. In fine form I see... Mary, you’re sure we’re not intruding? Your house was closest, so... It will only be for the one night, I promise.”
“So, tell me Dean”, he says as he tilts his head and squints his eyes, “if we are to do this right...do I have your consent?”
short bit about curious Dean...
Karaoke... *evil grin*
She’s touching herself now. Starts out slow, teasing... speeding up her movements to follow Dean’s rhythm.
“Now open wide.” Oh, hell yes! Dean instantly complies and is rewarded with a mouthful of cock.
That’s it, time to take a load of... John decides to go to “Harvelle’s” and drink himself into a stupor.
John always considered himself the dominant party when it came to sex. Mary usually complied... and if not, he made her. Man of the house here! What he says goes, damnit! But then she left... and now here he is: fucked six ways to Sunday by a tiny woman with the strength of 10 men. He doesn’t know if he should be humiliated or impressed...
“Hey mom! Wow, what’s with the frowny face?”
“You’re not at peace here, are you John? All of this... it goes against the very fibre of you’re being. So, I would like to make you an offer. I can take you away from here. To a place far from Heaven, Hell and Earth. Beyond the reach of Jack himself. It will be a solitary exitance –save for my company- but there you will finally get what you deserve. Choose now.”
“Claire Novak-Nieves. I have to say, I'm so glad to finally meet you! I’ve heard such stories about you!”
Johns hand on his shoulder makes him cringe. Being around him always makes him feel like a scared 12yo. He remembers what he and Cas agreed on, but he doesn’t know if he’ll be able to do it...
There are big black wings on Cas’ back. They’re gorgeous... and heart breaking.
“Oh, baby, yeah...talk clinically to me, gets me all hot and bothered”, he says as he rolls his eyes.
If the sun refused to shine
A FEW MINUTES EARLIER:
Dean obliges and Cas looks inside his mouth, “Alright, we done? Can you heal me now?!”
Lisa gives him a nudge, seems like part 1 of the weekly torture is done...thank fuck for that! He’s got more important things to do...
Sam throws his hands up in the air, “Stop! I don’t want to know!”, he makes a circular move with his hand, “all...this... it’s not healthy. Like at ALL! You need to explain yourself to him and apologise. Right the fuck now! If you want ANY chance at ever having a real relationship with Cas, you need to do this. Tell me you at least understand that?”
Disappointment. Shame. Loss.
“Oh, yeah, sorry... lost in thought for a moment there. Could you repeat the question, please?”
She’s convulsing around him, just about to come. He slams into her, fucks a loud, unhinged cry out of her. Her legs buckle with the force of her orgasm, but he holds her up... keeps going, harder, faster... His climax is short, but fierce and he’s just lucid enough to NOT mutter Cas’ name.
“That’s what you think of me? What a pretty picture you’ve painted in your head... Castiel, the whore-priest, seducing closeted gays left and right! Just because I’ve forsaken my vow of chastity, doesn’t mean I use my dick for everything, you know!”
Dean leans back in his chair and takes a sip, “No they said they got it... they know their way around our kitchen.”
Lisa tries some moves on Dean. Not sure who I should feel sorry for... ;)
“Put your money where your mouth is... dearie.”
“Welcome, John Winchester... to the Empty.”
Dean arrives at her house late at night. Doesn't matter, she’s expecting him. Keeping track of the monsters you let go is finally paying off, it seems. He rings the doorbell... excitement and dread fighting for dominance inside him.
There it is. Guilt. Crushing, gnawing guilt.
All she receives is a curt nod. He never takes his eyes of her, never trusts a stranger.
He doesn’t get to finish his sentence. Cas charges at him and kisses him like a man starved. It takes a second for the shock to wear of, but then Dean is reciprocating with vigour.  They kiss and touch and grind... That poor tree doesn’t know what hit him! Afterwards, they lay among the flowers. Dean, utterly ravished and feeling boneless, turns to his lover and then...finally...
“Distracted yet?”, Cas asks with a smirk on his face.
He doesn’t need to.
“I never meant for anyone to find that. I needed money... back when I was human the first time around. Nudity means nothing to me, so... I just... yeah...”
You know just what I mean
The next time he sees Cas, two weeks have passed. He’s tried calling, texting... he even prayed to the guy and nothing. And now here he is. Walks into his room like he was never gone.
Oh, he remembers alright... 140 years of pain rain down on him.
Their first kiss is salty from the tears they both shed.
Dean lifts his head and even through the screen he can see those green eyes fixed on his face. He doesn’t get to finish his sentence.
You can fill my bowl
“Don’t be shy, Dean. Grab them”, Cas says in a demanding tone. How can he NOT obey? He starts running his hands up and down, casually using his fingernails to draw a little hiss from his lover.
“Yes Dean, let go...release the tension... “
“We broke the bed.”
“Nothing good about it.” he says gruffly, pushing past her.
“Ah, well... with a mother like mine, what could they possibly do to make me crack?”
Inspiration, look 'n' see
“No... uhm, he doesn’t like to talk about the past. All about the future, my dad...”
And then Sam started talking about consent. Asking Cas if he’s ok. Concerned about his wellbeing instead of Deans... And it suddenly dawned on him.
“Oh, and the thighs!”
“Yes?”
Pretty baby in the back of my car
**********
Have a slice of my lemon pie
He’s been driving for a while, when he suddenly finds himself smiling. No matter what happens next, at least he had this. At least he got to speak his truth. And turns out Cas was right... happiness IS in just saying it.
“The red lacy ones? I told you, I found those...”
CHAPTER 4
He’s frantic by now, yelling into the phone and pacing around the living room. Just wait until he gets his hands on that son of a bitch!
And John... John just about faints.
“...oh... I... I didn’t realize he had a child. Huh, Dean Winchester lives... as I live and breathe, that is some good news!”
“Do you mind? I...uh...I need more...ah... more.”
“I’m sorry, Dean. Sorry I couldn’t say it sooner and in life. Sorry I couldn’t give you everything... until now. I know it may seem redundant, but... Dean Michael Winchester, would you do me the honour of becoming my husband. Today. Right now, in fact.”
“Hey Bobby. Long time, no see... Looks like it’s gonna be one hell of a party. Special occasion?”
That one little word is all the incentive Cas needs. He quickly puts some lube on Dean and sinks down on him with a sigh.
Again a big sigh... He inclines his head towards the door and they leave together.
“So, you’re John Winchester, right?”
************
“Ready when you are, Cas”, Dean says with more confidence than he feels.
He’s met with Bobby’s all-knowing smirk. Damn him for always seeing right through him...
He knows the guy will never admit it, but he sees a shiver run over him. Cas told him all about it. How everyone there was constantly reliving their biggest regrets, their greatest failures... His angel was the one who led the rebellion. Woke up everyone there and made it so loud the Empty imploded on itself. The time they all spent there left scars though... if only psychological.
“As you know, I’ll be retiring next Friday. I hate to leave without seeing your situation unsolved though... You are already making such progress and it would pain me so to see it go awry without my professional help...”
Contrary to popular belief, Cas is NOT a patient man. Johns looks about ready to puke... and the peppers have nothing to do with it.
Cas’ hand travels downwards and Dean just about swallows his tongue.
John finds something interesting in the Impala an comes to a very wrong conclusion... I'd say "poor John", but... nah! :)
The guy sure is enthusiastic about his name. Maybe...
Your eyes of fire have stole my soul
To put a bit more force to his words he drives up the vibrations. Dean is almost delirious with pleasure. Won’t be long now... Cas starts driving in and out of his mouth faster and harder. God, he loves this. He feels everything in him tense up and build toward orgasm. He's clawing at Cas’ thighs, feeling every move he makes in his muscles.
It’s warm and tight and everything Dean has been missing all his adult life. When Cas starts doing a circular movement, he swears he goes cross-eyed for e minute there. Oh man, he IS good...
SUNDAY MORNING:
The glare he sends her would make lesser woman cower...but not her.
Cas looks at him and sighs, “She was nice... pretty... but I just... I’m not good with people. As you well know. And losing one's innocence seems like something you’d share with someone you know and trust. For instance, if you had offered yourself... I would have willingly accepted.”
“Huh, if I doubted you not being my Dean, now I’d be sure...” Cas closes his eyes and grins like he’s reliving a fond memory.
The song starts with a wailing guitar and he turns to John with a knowing smile, “I love Billy Idol and he knows it.”
All night, all night long
Cas tells Dean his story... and boy, has he got some things to say!
“Uh... yeah... we had, uh, fun. Talked a lot. Went home early. Us old folks just don’t party like you youngsters, ya’ know.”
“Hah, yeah... dating an angel... kinda hard to wrap your head around that one at first. But you know, you should be proud of him too. He’s the one who had a kid first, you know. And Jack, well... he’s great. Strong, resilient, selfless... a bit naïve, but a very sweet kid. He'll be stopping by later. You'll love him. Looks just like his dad!”
“Good... great... Just you mind yer manners, ya hear?! Also, Dean don’t know, so don’t you go runnin’ yer mouth. Just come back here at dusk.”
He just drops that bomb and leaves. Everyone has gone silent. Deans blushing like crazy and Cas can see tears shining in his eyes. *That fucker!*
That’s how Lisa finds him, after dropping of Ben at his moms. Sitting at the table, head in his hands.
“You feel that Johnny-boy?” Jasmin is next to him and whispering right into his ear: “FEAR. It's the fear Dean felt when he was 3 years old. You came home drunk and found him baking in the kitchen with his mom. He was having the time of his life and was so excited to show you the pie HE made... and all you did was yell at him. For doing a woman’s job. For wearing a flowery apron. For being –and I quote- a pansy-ass, good-for-nothing, disgrace of a son. See, people seem to be under the impression that Mary’s death was what made you a mean and lousy father, but that’s not quite right... is it? You were always an asshole.”
*************
“Dirt, huh? Well, whoop-te-doo! I’ve seen this guy eat my ass, fuck me silly and then suck out his come like I was a fucking Slurpee!!! GIVE! UP!”
Dean locks the door, carefully unboxes the item, removes the foil and releases a shuddering breath... Before him lays the 2015 Special Edition of “Ride ‘em Hard”. A cowboy calendar, known for its artistic nudes. This specific edition is called “Angels ride among us”, a calendar filled with pictures of cowboys portraying angels. Best of both worlds if you ask him...
Are they fucking kidding him?! Is this guy for real?! He turns to Mary and sees her biting her lip, trying not to explode with laughter. What?!
“Dean? I came as soon as you called... Are you ok?”
Hope you like it though :D
Bobby clears his throat and tries to lighten the mood.
You are the lock I am the key
Still coming back for more
John is about to retort, when someone on another table clears his throat.
“Oh, hey John! How are ya? Still sore over the whole Mary-leaving-you-for-Bobby-thing?”
“Dean, what’s wrong? What was it you needed from me?”
“STOP! JUST STOP!!!” The anguished cry stops Cas in his tracks. He was just about to make that ‘Prince’ regret coming here... damnit John!
Everything seems to slow down, focussed on that one moment in time... Cas contracting around Dean, forcing an orgasm out of him that is so raw, so earth-shatteringly good it brings tears to his eyes. The Sound that leaves his mouth unhinged and pure...
“Yes. Yes times 10. I want you, Cas, right now.”
She blushes... Why is she blushing?! Part of him wants to just run and never look back, but part of him is curious... almost jealous?
That does it. Dean comes. Hard. All over the bed. The sounds he makes would make his face burn, if it wasn’t doing that already. He collapses...utterly and completely spent.
The combination of praise and the sudden influx of oxygen makes him feel like he’s hovering in mid-air for a moment, before his orgasm crashes into him and he lets out an ear-piercing scream of ecstasy. Blinding light followed by absolute darkness.
Implied mpreg (but not really)
I absolutely LOVED writing this fic and I'm so gratefull for all the kudos and comments! I love you 3000!!!!
“DEAN!!!”
Cas is getting angry. He looks Dean straight in the eye and replies:
**********
“Dean...Dean! I’m gonna...!”
He gets in the back and just reminisces for a moment. Aaah, good times... He’s actually pretty sure at least one of his boys were conceived right here. Good times indeed.
She takes his hands in hers, closes her eyes and light envelops them.
***********
***********
“Nearly there... just a little bit more”
***********
“Cas! Where is he? I need him... need to tell him something!”
The noise he makes is positively sinful and makes Cas thrust a little quicker. Dean feels like he might go into sensory overload... the plug, the thighs, the face-fucking...he lifts one of his hands and starts to reach down, desperate to relieve some pressure.
There will still be you and me
Warning: bit of the not-good-things from Dean's past at first... ends on a VERY different note! (sorry Taylor!)
With every breath he takes, Cas hand pushes a bit harder. His other hand slides down and closes around him, strokes him...matching Deans own rhythm. Heat is building inside him, he’s close... his movement are getting faster, more desperate.
“Dean and I do share a profound bond. He has made me feel so many things...so many human feelings and sensations I thought angels were unable to feel. I did indeed leave my mark on him when I raised him from perdition. Perhaps that is what started it all... All I know is that, to me, he is the most important, the most wanted, the most loved.”
And there he is... God, how he’s missed those blue eyes! Dean can’t help himself, he steps forward and envelops Cas in a tight embrace. Hands in his hair, face buried in his neck... the works.
They’re on a strategically placed kitchen chair in the middle of the living room, facing the front door.
Dean's face has fallen by now. Cas can see he is starting to understand what life with him would truly mean.
*************
Cas is crawling up his body now, soon their noses are touching and Dean can’t help himself... he needs a taste. He wraps a hand in Cas’ hair and closes the gap.
O-kay...? Dean knows his brother wouldn’t mind his brother being with a man, but...huh...no surprise? At all?! So much for being stealthy.
And he does. He really does.
“What are you doing?”
He really just said that out loud in front of his entire family, didn’t he?
“Did SHE make you come? Or was it the mere thought of me? The thought of my mouth around your cock? The thought of my hands all over you? Dare I say... the thought of me filling you up?”
“Dean, Lisa... a word, please.” Father Zachariah beckons them to follow him into the Sacristy.
Dean’s eyes go wide, “What?! No! I mean... I’m not...I...”
“What? Why?! You've been dancing around each other for ages now.”
Dean looks lovingly at Cas and says: “Yeah...he’s my baby daddy.”
“When was the last time you masturbated, Dean?”
“Depression and a death wish. How about that? Let’s see how you handle 12 years of that...”
They spend the rest of the day at the youth centre. And the homeless shelter. And the soup kitchen. Castiel is there for everyone, off course, but Dean quickly sees why this work is so important to him. Young people keep swarming around Cas. He listens to them all. Some of them cry... he gives them their smile back.
“More? Losing every friend he ever made, because you were constantly on the move. He gave up trying after a while. Taking care of Sammy became his sole focus. It was the one constant he had in his life.”
Fear. Disgust. Shame. Bruised knees, sore jaw and a foul taste in his mouth.
“Honestly John, what is your problem?!”
Climb on my lemon tree!
Reality starts coming back to Dean and he quickly rearranges his clothes and heads for the door. Just before he’s about to leave, he turns... Cas is still sitting on his knees in the middle of the room, panting, lips wet and violently red, smirking at him. He reaches him in 2 big steps and kisses him. A passionate, yet soft kiss that leaves him terrified.
CRASH!!!
Afterward, the new priest mingles among the churchgoers, all smiles and thank-you's, looking demure... But Dean sees it for the lie it is. He can see glimpses of disgust, hidden behind that polite mask. *who is this man?!*
“Dean?”
Cas gives him a stern look, “Stick out your tongue”
“Dean? Did you hear me?”
RRRRRRRRR...RRRRRRRRR...RRRRRRRRR
He squeezes his eyes shut. *itsnotrealitsnotrealitsnotreal!*
His foot hits the brakes so hard the tires squeal.
“She was sleeping when I got home and this morning... she... I was dreaming and... god, this is embarrassing... Iwasdreamingofyou... and she... saw an opportunity. We had sex. Kinda. Bad timing to tell your you’re gay, when you’ve just... you know.”
Claire is beaming. She kisses Kaia passionately and turns to John to say: “She’s not a talker like me, but she gets her point across!”
Dean’s been running himself ragged taking care of everyone these past few days. Shouldering the weight of the world... again. Being the leader, the go-to man. God, it’s exhausting... So, he says yes.
“I... guess...” He’s suddenly manhandled to bending over the hood of his car.
“Yeah. Wouldn’t let my grace heal it. It felt good to have my wings... like a safety blanket. It’s a loss I’ll never stop grieving. Would you... do you want to see them?”
“You don’t need to say it. I heard you, Dean”
************
Cas hands are on his chest, digging in his nails as he reaches his high. Suddenly he leans back, arms at his sides, hands in supplication, face lifted towards the sky as if receiving salvation! Mouth opened in a soundless cry...
There is no use in praying. The Empty keeps its occupants in deep slumber. Completely unreachable. All the things he wants so desperately to tell Cas... He can’t. And it haunts him.
He has no idea what to say to that. How does one explain this? Fuck... Sam’s not gonna like this, is he? Dean moves to one of the chairs.
John sees red. Who the hell does this guy think he is?! Stealing his wife, stealing his kids, judging him... now he’s throwing his eldest some froufrou party! Hunters don’t do birthdays. No time to waste on trivialities like that when you’re saving people and putting your ass on the line to do it. No wonder Dean’s regressed into such a cry-baby... All these people giving in to his every girly whim... pathetic.
“Looking good, Squirrel. I see Feathers he has been bringing his A-game. Knew he had it in him... Just needed a little Deanmon in the sack to push him over the edge!”
He’s on his way to Deans now to return the car...and the panties. No matter how badly yesterday went, the fact that his boy has been getting some on the side doesn’t fail to make him smile. And judging by the panties, the girl’s gotta be one kinky, hot, little number. Just what the doctor ordered...
He bows his head in shame. He’s letting her down. Has been letting her down for years.
“He’s only the Prince of Hell these days. All hail the Queen!”
Dean decides to lighten the mood: “Well Cas, gotta say, never pictured you as a centerfold-hottie... sure as hell works though!”
“Cas... I... what are you doing?!”
“Excuse me?!”
“Damn Cas... what was...I mean...you’re killing me man”
“You could always reward me with the –ah- Winchester-surprise in the morning...”
He takes a few minutes to berate himself and suddenly a perfect opportunity presents itself: a text from Cas himself, asking him how he’s doing and if he needs taking care of.
‘Ok. Strip.”
“Can I kiss you, Dean?”
The barbeque is a success. John even offered to do the grilling so Dean could hang out with his guests more. And although you can say a lot of bad things about his father-in-law, he sure knows his way around a grill. Everyone is having fun, the mood is soft and stress-free... Cas even caught himself listening to one of Johns hunter stories and laughing out loud. Dean is beaming when he sees Cas’ gummy smile.
Your hand in mine, we walk the miles
Dean looks away... His voice is but a whisper when he says: “I did.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Jasmin is still standing in front of him. Rope in one hand, a knife in the other... a devious smile on her face.
He wastes no time and attacks his mouth once more, puts his hands on Deans for a moment and starts sliding them down his arm, down his sides, dips them down over his hips and settles them on his glorious ass. Releasing his mouth, Cas pulls his hips up and guides his cock into Deans hole. There’s a little more resistance than there was with his fingers, but judging by the sounds, there is no pain. In fact, Dean is practically radiating waves of pleasure once Cas starts moving more vigorously, legs wrapped around his waist and back arching. Soon the room is filled with moans, pants, the slap of flesh on flesh... Remembering their time on the map table, he pulls Dean up. Deans arms wrap around his neck, one hand going into his hair and pulling...hard. He loves it, thrusts even harder and starts whispering in Deans ear: “Your mine now... mine to touch, mine to kiss, mine to fuck...”
“You kept telling him being gay was wrong and he kept doing what he needed to do to keep his brother alive and well. He only stopped after he had been held down, nearly raped.”
“Sensitive huh? Quite normal I believe. No deviations detected. Your testicles feel very heavy though...”
“I love you.”
Charlie takes his hand and just about drags him over to where Jo and Ash are sitting, but not before Cas slide his hand through his hair, down his neck, shoulders, back... and give him a slap on the ass as a parting gift. Deans eyes nearly fall out of his head (and so do Johns), but Cas just grins cheekily and winks at him.
“Oh, I understand all right... and I have to say, can’t blame ya. I bet Castiel has some very... agreeable... features” The face he makes as he says that denies every word, it’s like he’s trying not to vomit... “But come on... No man can possibly live up to a womans warm, wet,…"
This unanswered cry for help, this perfect opportunity to be needed and go on an adventure all at the same time... it awakens something inside Dean. It’s like an itch he never knew he needed to scratch.
They share a laugh. It feels good, it feels like them again.
He opens his eyes and slowly turns around.
“I don’t want you to feel like a cheater or a liar, Dean. You’re a good man, a good father and you’ve lived with this burden for so long now... I know how your dad raised you, I know how this town is... but that shouldn’t stop you. You deserve better. I deserve better too. Tell me, Dean, you’re not even ‘just’ bisexual, are you?”
He sees the hesitation on Dean’s face. Is that... is he blushing?
This train is ready to roll
Dean’s angry now. His right hand has been his only relief lately... he hasn’t gotten laid in ages. And now even that’s faltering. Oh, there has been occasion for meaningless sex with the random stranger, but something’s stopping him. Someone...
Dean keeps on ranting into his brother’s ear. He tells him everything. Many not so manly tears are shed this time.
He grins at Dean, uh-oh that means trouble!
“No... no, dad, me and Eileen are great. Cas and Dean though... They’ve been going through some stuff. Deans been questioning his sexuality again, there have been some issues about who’s the girl, Deans tired of all the kinky stuff... and Cas just...*sigh* He left. Said it had to be all in or all out and he just... left. Deans a mess, been locked up in his house drinking ever since.”
“Dean? Why... is something wrong?”
Cas actually has the AUDACITY to smirk! He thinks its funny...Dean is drowning in lust and the angel is fucking laughing!
“Hey! We celebrated his 18th!”
Climb on my lemon tree!
“Oh, I know... What? You can’t take a hint?”
“It might be smiting sickness. We’re close to the blast site. What the angels did... It poisoned the entire area. I’ll know for sure if I take your temperature. So, are we going to have a problem?!”
Cas isn’t so sure of that. He has this nagging feeling that something’s wrong.
The look on Johns face is worth a million dollars.
Dean gets of the couch and kneels between Cas’ legs. He takes his face between his hands and touches their foreheads together.
***********
“Oh John, hi! Let me introduce you to Rowena, Queen of Hell and witch extra-ordinaire... and her son. Crowley. Pain in my ass.”
Cas' hand closes around Deans throat.
Dean didn’t grow up in “the life”. He knows about what goes bump in the night, his dad made sure he did. He taught him the lore, how to fight, how to protect himself from evil forces... and he made him swear to stay away from it. He knows he was named after his uncle. “A righteous man who died saving lives and an oblivious idiot who couldn’t walk away” his dad always calls him, before refusing to tell him any more about him or the life they led before.
Yeah... that plan absolutely succeeded...
He makes sure Dean is alright and stands up.
John tries to keep calm, tries to hold on to his anger, but... there is something creeping up on him... invading his mind... He suddenly feels paralysed, his breathing is shallow, his heartrate elevated. It... it’s...
@taylortheclown I give you: chairs ;)
“I know”, Cas sighs, “Sam told me the whole story. It wasn’t your fault, Dean. I understand your anger, I do. But I can’t let you hurt yourself like this.”
The Mark!! He mourned its absence, so learning it's still there –though unseen- makes him want to cry. No! Stop! Breathe... OMG that is Cas’ hand traveling over his chest...abdomen...OMG! CAS is touching his dick...
Jasmin is standing in front of him again, watching something behind him, beyond this place even...
Cas gets moving instantly, applies lube to his cock and lines up.
*Look at them standing there, holding hands...disgusting.*
Dean is seriously dreading this meeting. He hates having to talk about his feelings, then he had to do it with a priest present, now there’s going to be ANOTHER one there. Next thing you know he’ll be doing a monologue about his failed marriage in front of the entire parish... Fuck his life...
Happiness, no more be sad
“I have no idea what you’re talking about.”
She’s not him... and he can’t shake the feeling that he has now cheated on all three them.
All that changed when puberty hit. All my friends started noticing girls, talking in secret about certain body parts, touching themselves under the covers in the dead of night... It left me unfazed. Such things held no interest to me. Sure, my body would have its physical reactions, but I just ignored it. The other boys, they were cruel. I became the laughing stock. ’Father Junkless’ they’d call me. So far for being popular...
“ok, so uhm the vital signs need to be checked, you know: blood pressure, heartrate, temperature... Then also check for heart- and lung disease. Throath, teeth, eyes, neck, abdomen, reflexes, skin... and uhm... testiclesandprostate.”
Cas looks into his eyes. He squints, his face hardens.
“Breathe John, come one, nice and slow...”
There’s laughter in his voice, Cas loves it. Lives for these moments.
Cas sniffs, “No, it won’t be. Tomorrow’s a suicide mission. We can’t kill Lucifer and even if we did, it’s no use... he’s already won. We might as well perish...”
“Open your eyes, Dean.”
He saunters into Harvelle’s and sees Sam sitting alone on a table, looking depressed. With a sigh, he sits himself down across from him
When they’ve recovered, John is nowhere to be seen. Dean is still inside him, not all the way soft yet and he starts grinding down on him again... teasing him...
John can do nothing but stare as the boys walk up to Sam, who officiates the wedding. More words are said, Dean enthusiastically yells out a “Hell yeah!” -inducing more laughter, rings are exchanged, kisses shared...
“I’m coming with you. Show me what matters most to you, more than love. I’ll show you I can help, even if it’s in the shadows.”
*************
Dean wipes his mouth on his jacket and looks up at Cas, “Obviously. What’s wrong with me?”
From that day on, they are a force to be reconned with. No one dares utter a threat to either one of them, for fear of what the other might do. No one dares to go near Deans laptop, for fear of seeing whatever newfound kink Cas has been googling. No one questions the jumbo pack of sanitizer wipes on the backseat of the Impala. No one laughs when Sam gets several sets of ear plugs for Christmas. And no one has dry eyes when they watch Dean whisper “I love you, angel” into Cas’ ear, kisses the side of his head and holds him close as they watch the fireworks on New Year's Eve...
“Just let me try something, ok?”
“Sometimes we have to do weird shit when we’re in a tight spot. Back when Sammy was in his early teens, he ate like a horse and dad’s funds only got us so far. And some nights I’d lose at pool... so... I...”
Castiel is surreptitiously watching him as well. He seems... amused. Like he knows all Deans secrets. All his dirty little lies, his unspoken desires. This is going to be a disaster, isn’t it?
Oh, yeah... this is off to a great start! As soon as Dean walked through the door, Father Castiel has his hands on him. A handshake here, a touch of the shoulder there, brushing hands when taking his coat... This is going to be pure torture.
*Thank GOD!*
“I’m not one for beating around the bush, Dean.” He leans back into the chair, legs falling open, starting to undo the top button of his shirt, “Mind if I take of the collar? Been a long day and that thing chafes like you wouldn’t believe... Ah, much better. As I was saying, no mincing words here. Lisa told me your backstory, the one-night-stand, the unplanned pregnancy, the struggles when it comes to sex... It painted a pretty clear picture to me. So, tell me Dean, how is living in denial about your sexuality working out for you?”
“Can I ride you, Dean? Bet I can make you trash and moan... I’m told I’m VERY good.”
“WTF Dean! You do realise this is basically non-consensual sex, right?! You deceiving him so he’d touch you, making him manhandle you in the name of... idk... stress-relief?!”, Sam says, pacing the room with both hands in his hair.
