"It's being very difficult to adapt. We have to keep helping," Natasha said.
"Tony, we must go," Steve said sighing.
"Yes," Steve said short of breath. He kissed him intensely as if that
"We must keep in mind many of the people there, are civilians. They are in forced labor, so we have to be very careful," Rhodey said firmly.
Then Steve looked at him, and everything Tony said to himself a few hours ago seemed to lose its relevance at that look.
"Oh," Steve replied in amazement, but only for a second. "It's Natasha," then he replied smiling.
"No, but I am on a difficult assignment. You know, Avengers stuffs" Tony tried to calm down and sound convincing.
"I just wanted to thank you for coming to us," Steve told him, but it seemed like that wasn't what he intended to say first.
, but I give you both one week and you will be bickering again,» he said teasing him.
"Please, Bruce. I need an answer," Steve pleaded him.
Tony smiled at him, and then got up taking a few steps forward.
He didn't want to get away from Steve,  but he had to face reality. Then, he felt Steve hug him from behind. Immediately he took Steve's arms, stroking them until they joined their hands. Tony sighed and felt Steve burying his head in his neck. They stayed like that for a few seconds until Tony felt Steve kiss his neck very slowly. He could feel his hot breath on his skin, and his heart began to pound.
_ _ _ _ _
"Come on girls, let's leave the gentlemen alone," said the Dad taking them by the hands and going to the other room.
«Please, thanks to all of you, for what you've done. I have my family back because of you, because of him. This is the least I can do,» the nurse said kindly.
"We're ready," Steve told Wong.
"I could kill him for stealing my girlfriend that I had days without seeing, but he looks too happy," Rhodey said, nodding at Tony and Carol.
“We are all fools in love” ― Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice. (Yes, I took that one from Jane :P)
"You have an audience," Tony said quietly in Steve's ear. Tony felt Steve resisted turning to look at him because their faces would be too close. He just bit his lip and kept looking down.
"Come here," Tony told him and Steve sat down. Tony took Steve's hand and filled it with lubricant taking it to his entrance. "Can you help me?" Tony whispered as he approached to kiss him. A moan immediately escaped from his mouth when he felt Steve put a finger carefully inside him.
"Good morning, Tony," Steve told him standing at the door.
Steve closed his eyes and leaned against the sink holding himself with his hands. The images of Tony disappearing into his arms returned to his mind.
"Don't bullshit me, Steve. Why the hell would you want to do that?" Tony replied even more upset.
"Tony," Steve asked impatiently.
"Extremely hot super soldier?" Tony said mischievously.
Steve pulled her hand away and got out of the room.
«How is he?,» she caressed Tony face.
Tony was heading to the compound entrance thinking that everyone was helping in whatever they could. Rhodey and he had meetings with different members of the government, to try to establish some kind of social order within the chaos in which was everything. It was something to focus on. It made him feel good to help putting on track the lives of the people still on the planet. It was quite difficult to understand it was a worldwide chaos, less to understand the universal scale that Thanos had given to all that. Tony left the compound and headed to the car where Rhodey was waiting for him.
«Well, under control. Is Steve there with you, right?» Rhodey asked him.
«What are you saying?» Bucky was worried.
Stay with Me (Lorraine Ellison song)
"The element of surprise, doesn't make it fun?" Steve spoke in a very low voice while giving tiny kisses on his neck.
on her part" He tried to explain.
“Tomorrow 6 am?” Rhodey asked teasing.
_ _ _ _ _
When Tony approached the depots, he again asked Friday where to enter. The AI replied they had two entry possibilities, but it would be better if each one entered one at a time.
"I..." Tony began saying, but Rhodey's and Thor's footsteps interfered.
. The phrase repeated in his head again and again. It wasn't making him think clearly.
"Come closer, Love," Tony said sleepily when he saw him.
knowledge, this
"More old chairs. But everything is sealed," Steve said to Tony and then addressed the family. "We'll be fine."
«No, don't do that» said Tony between erratic breaths.
«Tony,» Steve said quietly.
"Easy, big guy. Everything is fine, only we have a visitor," Natasha said, nodding at Scott.
"Fuck you all," Tony said smiling and taking the beer again from Steve's hand. Those eyes looked at him with adoration and if it wasn't because he was playing strong, Tony really wanted to eat Steve whole at that instant. A few seconds later, Tony thanked God because the doorbell rang with the delivery guy. At least, there was something to focus on now that wasn't Steve's lips. Rhodey went for the food.
Tony looked at Rhodey and then closed his eyes with a sigh. He could feel the weariness taking over him and really didn't feel like explaining either. He knew it would be only a few hours before reality hit him very hard in the face. A reality where explanations would have to come to light.
Steve climbed the stairs to the kitchen as fast as he could. When he entered, he saw Tony standing at the front of the counter with an absent look but aimed at the empty glass in his hands. A closed whiskey bottle accompanied the view. After the reflection of his entrance, Tony looked up.
"If I'm always the one who saved your asses," Nat teased him.
Every day that passed Tony could feel Steve. His longing, his sadness and that absurd resignation. By just closing his eyes, he could feel him near him. He could relive being in his body, being him. Tony missed him, as he always had, although only now he recognized it. For every second he thought of him and missed him, an immense pain gripped his chest. A shared pain, which from the other side always whispered a
"I'm fine," and it was Bruce's voice in a body that was still Hulk's. Tony was next to him immediately.
was not there or maybe because it had to be done fast, planning which one of the stones should be returned first was not much consider. He only knew he had to place each of them in its right place as soon as possible. The journey had begun.
"Yes, Sir," Friday replied.
— — — — —
"This time you haven't come back to me," Tony heard Pepper say and immediately turned to see her.
"But what if it takes our house? My toys?"
"What would happen if I decide to stay?" Steve asked directly.
Tony couldn't help looking at him with adoration. He loved when Steve blushed, it made that warmth reach his heart.
Tony opened his eyes and turned to look at him. "I remember watching you sleep in the lab while you were in my body. And with just a couple of sandwiches I felt invincible."
«I need to see him,» Steve said worried, passing around from one side to the other.
«Are you OK? Tony asked her worried.
Steve moaned to the hungry movements of Tony's tongue. He was born to kiss him, Tony thought.
"God, Tony," said Steve moaning.
"Yes," Tony said without thinking, but then rectified clearing his throat. "Eh, no. You remember..." Tony couldn't remember her name.
"I just want to help you," Steve replied.
"Where is he?" Tony heard himself say.
«I cannot live without him,» Steve said with a lot pain in his voice.
They both headed to the entrance of the house where they would wait for a cab Friday had called. There, they needed to say goodbye until the next morning.
. You don't deserve it. You are the most extraordinary woman I have ever met in my life," Tony stared at her sighing. "You were the only one who believed in my heart when no one else did, and I promised myself I would always protect you." As the words came out of his mouth Tony could recognize the answer to his questions. Caring for and loving Pepper had been the main focus of his life. But his heart seemed to whisper about something else. "I want to be with him," Tony said in a whisper. He knew how contradictory his words seemed to be.
"I'd like to see them," Steve smiled.
it felt.
Tony raised an eyebrow and turned to see Steve. "Good question, but since you were looking for the Captain here. I will let him tell you," he said looking at the girls and stepping aside. Steve's eyes told him he was going to pay dearly for putting him in that predicament. Tony couldn't help but bit his lip and gave him a naughty look. Steve stared at his lips for a moment, but then turned to look at the girls. The three were waiting for the answer to the very important question they had asked.
«We did,» Steve smiled while a tear was running through his cheek.
"You know, Morgan said to me a few days ago she loved me 3000," Tony said smiling.
"Thanks, Iron Man," the smallest girl said when Tony finished helping them dry their clothes.
Steve went down the hall to call Tony.
— — — — —
"I love you with everything I am," Steve told him staring at him.
Tony nodded, and continued on his way to the lab. Without knowing it, he also felt a huge weight had been removed from his shoulders. Rhodey was right, they had to focus on the future and leave old resentments behind.
"I will be," Tony assured him, and really felt it.
"I'm yours. You can do whatever you want with me," Steve said panting.
"How do you want it, Steve?" Tony asked him once again, slowing the pace of his strokes.
Tony put a serious face. "Nope, we definitely are going to the lab right now. I don't intend to be in your body for so long." He got up and heard Steve's soft laugh following him.
"You should breathe a little," Steve said with a smirk as he took a sip of his drink.
«Well, we cannot know for sure, and we should not risk more than we already have done. But also, the damage is done, don't you think? Here you are talking to me, now I know I am going to die at some point. So goodbye my longed-for immortality. You could stay maybe one day or two, and then you could go.» Tony wanted to explain himself as if everything was very reasonable, but he knew it wasn't. He didn't understand how he trusted this Steve so fast (although if he had wanted to hurt him he would have done so already).
"Please, Tony, be careful," Steve said.
«Can I stay here?» Pepper asked shyly.
"Rogers," Tony said, but he seemed not to hear it. He cleared his throat, "Wake up, Cap," he insisted and this time he woke up.
“I think it is…” Steve started to say.
On the other hand, the world order that everyone aspired was getting a little more complicated. It was not only to help the police with the simple robberies and the occasional fights. But street bands also began to circulate with contraband of medicines, food, all kinds of supplies. One would think it didn't make sense in those times to happen, more now that they were less in the world. It was as if human beings loved to complicate their lives to have something to always be busy with. And speaking of complicating life, there was Tony. Missing his fantasy's relief and Pepper at the same time.
"I think I expected you to do it," Tony said without surprise, staring at him. "Did you touch yourself thinking of me?" Tony asked.
"Don't worry,  and don't turn it over so many times in your head," Pepper said sympathetically. "We'll find a solution."
"It's hard to know which is," Tony said sighing.
"Hey, you know, I need your help with something," Bruce told Tony when he saw him.
"Yep, you bet with Nat. It's betting on losing, pall," Rhodey said, looking at both of them.
«OK, and talking about traveling light, that's all you got?» Asked Tony seeing his small travel pack.
“What did you say to me that day?” Tony asked him.
," he immediately heard him say with a groan full of longing. Steve repeated his movement and when he heard his name again, he also groaned with satisfying pleasure.
Tony went to their room. When he entered the bathroom and saw his own reflection in the mirror, he could not help to feel a great nostalgia. He had been awake for less than a day in Steve's body, however, those few hours had been very intense. Tony sighed, looked at himself in the mirror and saw how his hand touched the mirror.
The hours passed, and the road became short. Steve couldn't stop a shiver running through his body when the car crossed to Tony's farm entrance. The last time he was there it was one of the saddest moments of his life. Now ironically he had to go with Tony, alive, to the farm which seemed to contain a story that had not yet been told. One that was beginning to be built. Perhaps a divine sign that everything was taking its right course.
One mission after another and Tony couldn't be more grateful for the distraction. At night he was so tired that he managed to sleep without nightmares, which was a gift from heaven. There was also the situation with Steve, but both of them were focused on work. So neither of them seemed to have time to think about anything else, and that was a relief to Tony. After Pepper's birthday, he had felt very guilty. But within the days he realized he could not torture himself. It was unfair. Anyway, better that way, work and occupy the mind, he told himself. It was definitely the best thing that could happen to him.
"Make love to me," Tony said with a hot sigh.
“We can't blame ourselves because a madman decided he had the ultimate truth about the lives of millions of living beings. And above all you, whom I have seen grow and become the best version of yourself, you cannot blame yourself for something that was beyond our reach. The world became something bigger than us, and now we know it,” Rhodey told him. In his words there was a welcoming serenity that calm Tony's aching heart at least a little.
_ _ _ _ _
Sarah cleared her throat, "Hot would be better. I think the same," she looked somewhat impressed but tried to hide it quite well when she spoke.
"I need to go to the bathroom," Tony now recognized Steve voice. He looked at Bruce and Rhodey who nodded, and then turned to see Pepper near him looking distressed. They let him walk alone to the bathroom. When he opened the door, Steve's reflection saw him back again. Tony slowly walked to the mirror and put his hands on each side.
was not his problem. The real problem was in the room next to his.
«I have loved you for so many years now, and I knew I should keep this for myself because you were with Pepper...» Steve said with a tremor in his voice that Tony had never heard before.
"Wong explained Mephisto took our souls. When they contained him, our souls were supposed to return to our respective bodies."
Inside the house, everything was very clean and tidy. It didn't have the exact furniture of Tony's future house, which made everything less painful, and it also created a different environment. They walked through the living room, kitchen, and the backyard that had a beautiful view of the lake. Tony explained him there were some rooms on that floor, but the main rooms were on the second one. There was food in the fridge, fruit on the kitchen counter. The owners had left everything very neat for their arrival.
"And I. You don't know how much I missed you," Pepper said kissing him softly.
"Tony," Steve said at the door, approaching.
“Stay with me,” Steve repeated, and this time each word vibrated with the strength of his pain.
"I don't know how to behave in those places," Steve said. He and Tony were in a limousine that had been sent to take them to the conference venue.
"How are you not nervous?" Steve asked.
"Look at me," Chandra told him.
«Yeah, we are going to be good to each other. Make love, not war,» Tony said jokingly to Rhodey but with his eyes fixed in Steve's lips.
«You are here,» Tony repeated trying to touch her face. She leaned taking his hand, kissed it and put it on her cheek.
Tony watched him carefully. That answer was bizarre and unexpected, he thought. When Friday told him he was starting to wake up, Tony was working in his lab thinking about the possibilities of what he was guessing could be true. Then, he went to the cell questioning himself if this should continue being his secret only. But now, this answer wasn't helping much to put his ideas or
«What is going to happen?» Steve looked at Tony, but he noticed Tony did not want to see him.
_ _ _ _ _
Tony looked at Rhodey and took a drink of his beer. "I do not know what you are talking about."
"Although I know you'll leave me for your toys in the lab," Pepper told him joking with him.
"I left 2 days, any excuse is good to celebrate," Tony said smiling.
"No, you can't," replied the dad.
"Steve visited you every day you were unconscious. He stayed all night by you side sitting in a chair," Rhodey said out of nowhere.
Steve looked into his eyes, and with the familiar pain of his heart he answered honestly, «No»
"I know," Steve said looking down.
"You don't even believe that, Nat," Steve said smiling.
«I'm OK for now,» Steve replied to him. «I think I better go to change.»
At that moment it started to rain harder, some lightnings fell in the distance with thunders brightening the sky.
“I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Steve. Please, I cannot lose you,” Tony said, pleadingly, breathing hard.
«Jesus, Buck. How could you?» Steve smiled and shook his head again. He knew him so well, he thought.
They were in one of the hospital corridors. Steve was restless, breathing hard. He needed to see him. He needed to know he was fine.
Wong explained the situation and everyone seemed confused at first. With that Tony felt better since he wasn't the only one who didn't make sense of what the magician was saying. However, like Tony, everyone promised to help Wong as they could. They would have to travel to Bara Bangal and fight against unknown forces to them. Tony looked at everyone in the room. They were discussing what they could do, how and when. Everyone was willing to give their best, seemed committed to this mission as if it was an act of redemption. Tony looked up and saw Steve staring at him. For a moment he couldn't look away until Bruce addressed him asking something. So they continued to discuss the matter for a couple of hours until everyone agreed.
Bruce said goodbye to them and Tony and Steve entered the compound. At the hall, they realized they would have to break apart for the first time after those days when they did nothing but be on top of each other. They stopped for a moment looking at the other and already understanding, with the look of their eyes, that both thought the same.
"I haven't seen that one," said Steve.
No, Tony wasn't feeling anything.
"You're OK?" Tony asked short of breath on top of Steve.
— — — — —
"I'm sorry Tony. They threatened me if I didn't say where you were," Bruce told him trying to seem ashamed and followed Natasha inside the house.
Steve put out his half hard cock listening to Tony's gasp and turned him over for him to kneel before Tony and took his reddened and glistening cock into his mouth in one motion. Tony arched up to Steve moaning loudly and grabbed his hair to squeeze it tight.
"Asleep. He wakes up for moments, but he can't be conscious for a long time," Steve replied.
Suddenly, an image of the compound door appeared on another of the screens on the table. Tony didn't pay much attention to the person on it, thinking it would be a delivery man.
Tony turned to see Pepper's parents. "Good." He started walking towards them.
Steve took a breath and pray to a God he really did not know was there but needed so badly right now. «I cannot tell you exactly how I traveled here because you must know this better than me that I should not change the future. And I am afraid neither you or anyone else
"Yes," said Steve panting.
«You don't have to apologize. Let's go and see the surroundings» Tony said with a warm smile.
Tony laughed too, «I think you already know I'm fine. We are getting back tomorrow, see you buddy,» he finished saying hurried up.
"It's really amazing you're working on one of the designs right now. If it doesn't bother you, I offer you my help," Sarah told him.
that maybe I am afraid of wanting to return to her?”
"Why can I still feel his connection?"
They had dinner, chatted a little more and Steve took him to the shower. He made an effort to distract Tony, so to speak, until he was tired. After making love to him, seeing him finally asleep in bed put a smile on his face. Steve stroked his face watching him sleep peacefully.
"Thanks, I'll be there in a minute," Tony looked up to see Happy who nodded.
"Yes?" Steve turned and was shocked at the vision in front of his eyes. Stephen Strange was in front of him. He was dressed very formally, like that day of the funeral of...
"It is hard to understand, I know. But we cannot hate storms, because they are part of nature."
«Is better if he sleeps. Less painful,» the nurse explained him while changing some vials.
talk to Steve before the meeting?” Rhodey told Tony while driving back to the compound. The whole team needed to discuss what they talked with the secretary of state.
It had passed 20 minutes and Tony and Steve were inside the mines taking the workers out of that area. They were attacked but they could contain them. Apparently, everything was going better than they expected or that they believed until an alarm was activated.
"Steve," Tony said seeing himself answering to that name. "This is going to sound weird or maybe not, but I'm going to need some of your clothes."
was also a bad idea. When they realized it, a good part of the morning had passed until they managed to get into the car and return. In the early afternoon, they were back at the compound.
"We need to talk. We're in the meeting room," Steve told him this time trying to sound calm.
"Just tell me what you want," Steve said looking at him intensely.
— — — — —
"We are so few in this world now, and I mean it literally. Too few to keep that grudge until eternity," Rhodey said emphasizing he knew why Tony was upset.
«I'm fine,» Steve said nodding and looking at Tony.
"You heal too fast. It started to disappear," Tony said caressing where he had bitten him.
"Wow, so I have gained fame over time," Scott said pleased.
"Harder," Steve demanded as his thrusts became more erratic.
Tony smiled. "Much better." There was a silence between them until Tony spoke again. "But the lesson is true."
_ _ _ _ _
At that instant Steve was at the door with two cups of coffee, fulfilling his morning ritual as usual.
Steve lifted him, and Tony wrapped his legs around him. Tony kissed him desperately while Steve took them inside the house. When they entered, Steve kicked the front door to close it while leaning Tony against a wall to continue kissing him. Steve missed Tony's moans when he kissed him, they were his delight. He went to his neck to suck that sensitive spot he knew made Tony groan and say his name. "
_ _ _ _ _
"I love you," said Tony. "I always have and always will."
"We understand. Tony, I loved seeing you, honey." Pepper's mom gave him a hug and a kiss on the cheek.
. He heard her say, and positioned himself between her legs and licked her cunt once.
«On your right,» Bucky also said to Sam.
"You have to,” Natasha sighed. “OK, I will agree to those two visit you. They'll make your day," she said smiling.
"I'm glad you're here," Tony told him when Steve opened his eyes. He didn't understand why he felt the need to say it, but his heart seemed to be overwhelmed with a sensation he couldn't describe.
"I will help you in all that I can. I am here for you," Tony said smiling.
” he said softly.
"Marriage problems, you know, the usual. Maybe we could order something to eat. Those two are going to be like that for a while." Natasha replied.
In the kitchen, Steve tried to cook while he was interrupted with Tony's kisses. He had told Steve he would help, but Tony was really doing nothing but stealing kisses at every moment.
"And we, man," Sam said smiling.
It seems like a losing battle from the start. He needed to be brave as he has never being in his life.
. A part of him recognized he remained true to his values, ideals and would sacrifice his life for any other human being. He had dedicated his life to justice and honor, and always would. But it hurt in his soul to think he knew he would let whatever happened happen, even if it meant a last sacrifice.
_ _ _ _ _
«We are good now. We came to an agreement,» Tony said lifting his face to look into Steve's eyes.
“Yes, Captain, he is alone,” replied Friday.
"Yeah," Tony nodded.
"Next year we will come more," Steve said stroking his face and kissing him.
"Which year?" Tony asked curiously.
with my whole being every day for the rest of my life."
Tony laughed, "You know, I thought about it too," he said. "Well, at least some days of vacations could do. Have you ever gone on vacation?" Tony asked curiously.
"What are we going to eat?" he asked Natasha.
"Every morning when I wake up and don't see you by my side. I will," Pepper turned around and entered the house.
"Bite me," Steve whispered in his ear and groaned when Tony bit his fingers hard.
"Well, we brought everything for the grill," Natasha said, passing directly to the house.
"That doesn't help," Tony took him by the neck to kiss him again.
“I'm saying that
"Why should I? You're the one who is going to give the speech," Tony said teasing.
_ _ _ _ _
_ _ _ _ _
"We are a family," Natasha said with a sweet smile. Tony smiled her back, and he knew that would be one of the very few times she would let herself be seen without her hard shell. "I take the big guy here. You wake him up and show Rogers
Tony felt his chest growing tight, and the blood pounded in his ears. He needed to focus, maybe use one of his masks for the lack of air. He was heading towards one of the suits when his vision began to get blurry and he felt an arm take him by the waist to hold him.
"I think so," Steve replied a little unsure.
"I wanted to start a new life in a remote place," Steve replied. "I felt if I stayed, I would repeat the story and maybe I should build a new one."
_ _ _ _ _
"It will work," Steve assured him.
"Hi, Tony"
"How you feel?" Rhodey asked.
"1 minute 27 seconds, before it collapses completely, Sir." the AI replied.
"And he knows it. As I also know you love him. Tony, for a long time I have known, even when you couldn't recognize it. Several times I fought against myself thinking that maybe I should make you see it. But I must also admit I was selfish and wanted you for myself,” Pepper sighed and look at the ground. “Because I love you, because I loved the man you were and the one you became." Pepper looked up and watched him with so much love and understanding it made Tony's heart, surprisingly, rejoice in joy again.
Steve and Tony wake up in the morning bleary eyed and worried about what the day will bring. Both of the backs hurt from sleeping in the reading chairs in the room, but thankfully Peter is comfy in his bed and fast asleep still. After tidying themselves up a bit, Steve and Tony go to wake up Peter so he can have some time to prepare for the surgery. Steve runs his fingers through the boy’s hair and hums softly to him.
Peter gets excited at the opportunity to pick the masks. They have pretty colours with his favourite characters on them. He picks one out with puppies and points to it, motioning for Stephen to look.
Peter smiles a little at Steve’s promise, because it is very convincing. Still, Peter needs at least one stuffie that he is going to bring with him to make up for the fact that he is going alone today.
“Hey there, Peter. I heard you had a little bit of a spill today, hmm?”
“Oh. Okay, Papa.” She mulls it over, trying to understand. “I jus' want him to feel all better.”
“Baby, I got you some water. Do you think you can try and drink it a little bit?” Wanda shakes her head. “Still feel icky.”
“You are getting better, muppet, it’s just taking a long time. It’s a real icky bug that you have and that’s why you take medicine everyday.” Tony explains as he opens the door to the bathroom and goes to turn on the water. He keeps Wanda on his hip still as he puts some soap in the water to create bubbles. “And yeah, you might have to get someone to help you with the princess duties? Who would you pick?”
“We can do airplane, sweetheart. Open up, it's gonna land! Here it comes!” He always makes the plane noises and loves to see Peter laugh when he does. The boy’s giggle is high pitched and utterly adorable. He opens his mouth, turning his head in sync to Tony’s hand motions while he teases the landing. Once the spoon is in his mouth, Peter wraps his lips around it and chews happily. Thomas chuckles softly at the sight before turning to Steve.
“Come on, princess. Let’s have a pop. You seem a bit quiet today. You okay, baby?” Steve asks, holding his hand out to help Wanda up from the floor.
Wanda starts to fall ill.
“I thought I got cursed. And I was sad I didn’t, ‘cause then I could kiss a prince and he would save me. But, I got all icky and messy. M’gross. And bad.” She is slurring her words a bit because she is so tired and sick, but she is trying her best. “The prince won’t wanna kiss me. I had an accident, so I’m not a princess anymore.”
“Dolls, Papa.”
“I know, baby. I know you want Daddy.” Tony soothes. “We’ll be right outside waiting for you. You won't even notice, okay? We're not going anywhere.”
Peter is still recovering from the last bit of the anaesthesia and he has got a simple oxygen mask on to help while he dozes. His arm is now in a blue cast and propped up on a pillow.
Steve puts a hand on his arm.
“Wan’a come.” He points out and points to the door. Wanda seems better already and they played a lot yesterday, so why is not she coming to daycare too?
Wanda shuts her eyes tight and wriggles her hips a little bit. She tries to think of what she can pretend that might make this easier.
“Peter!” Steve calls after him. “Baby what are you-“ He gives up and does not get a chance to finish.
When Steve finally shows up with Peter in his arms later in the afternoon, he cannot help but smile at the sight of Tony and Wanda cuddled up together on the couch. He sets Peter down along with some groceries he picked up on the way home and whispers.
“You are so, so brave and good. I love you so much. I want you to know that, honey. You’re the bravest little thing in the world.”
“Okay, I’ll be good. Super good, promise.” She says and kicks the blanket off of her. Now that she is awake, she feels hot and clammy under the blanket. On the TV, the Paw Patrol episode comes to an end, but Peter does not move from his spot and waits for another episode to start.
Peter frowns at the mention of temperature checking, which he is getting really sick of. He would not mind if Doctor Stephen did it though, because then he could get another sticker and lollipop. But, at the mention of TV time, Peter nods and points to the screen.
“Where Daddies? Want Da-ddies...” Peter hiccups and sniffles, lifting his good arm to rub the tears from his eyes.
“Yeah, he’s definitely not going anywhere for a while. I just fear he is going to get bored and frustrated. Like, with laying in bed all day and resting while his sister is off doing normal stuff.” Tony ponders. When Peter whimpers a little in his sleep, he turns to look and see if he is truly distressed, but the boy seems to settle and continues to sleep.
_ _ _ _ _
"It would never be enough," Steve looked at him deeply into his eyes. "I told you that time and I can say it now.
"It won't work, Stark," Thanos said showing him the glove with all the gems as he clenched his fist". You are the only one missing and the earth will finally be gone."
«He needs...He is my...» Steve could not finish the phrases without his voice breaking.
Steve sighed and left the lab.
_ _ _ _ _
Tony realized his own cock was leaking precume loosely. But he wanted so much to please Steve that he promised himself a delayed pleasure that would be worth it. Tony kissed wetly at his soft damp hole now, fingering him at the same time, knuckling gently against it. Steve was thrusting back onto his fingers with every breath, groaning at every push.
"God, I think I hadn't slept or rested like that since before the war." Steve got up stretching, and squeezing his eyes. "Sorry, I left you alone."
"Nothing, buddy," Rhodey replied with a half smile, and Tony seemed not to have heard him. "We all had dinner together, what do you think?" Rhodey asked him.
"OK, so it would be a hot or cold forged hydraulic press?" Sarah asked from the table looking at the plans on the screen.
"Love, I must confessed to you,” Tony said approaching Steve. “They look deliciously tight," Tony was kissing him a squeezing his buttocks.
…” Tony said with a broken voice.
"We will help you," Steve nodded smiling, then Rhodey returned to the door with a beer in his hand.
"Good morning, Tony."
«It is not all for me,» Steve said firmly.
«How can I Nat? He used the damn glove! Half of his body was burned, and now he is out of intense care room and I cannot see him!» Steve said yelling.
, but he didn't know how to tell him. He just stared at Steve hoping he could convey everything he felt. He missed him, this Steve who was the same Steve whom he also desperately loved.
Tony had explained Bruce about Extremis, the advanced form of genetic manipulation created by Hansen and Killian. Bruce's idea was to unite the strength of Hulk with his mind, to become one. And for that, they would inject into Bruce's brain a bit of the Extremis formula and thus achieve the fusion of the two personalities. It was a pretty big risk, but Tony could understand Bruce's struggle, and he felt committed to help him in whatever way he could.
"It's so difficult, my friend. I tell you, you're lucky with Chandra. She's a free spirit, but it's really complicated to have a relationship with a girl now." Vishen came to his side speaking very loudly.
"The lab. I will not be able to enter with your fingerprints. Technically, I can, but I need mine for certain things."
"Thank goodness no neighbor came," said Tony when he recovered his breath. He ran his hand over his face as a sign of concern, but it was to hide his smile.
"I have 1500 years fighting," Thor said exaggerating.
"Would you? Tony asked stroking his cheek.
Steve approached and was in front of him very closely "Why couldn't I stay there?" He said with an intense stare at Tony while the rain was wetting them. "Why can't I have my chance too? Why do I have to stay?" he said breathing hard.
"Banner told me I had to forgive her and myself. I understand now it wasn't just one time thing," Tony said leaning on his desk.
is back on track. We made it. You made it possible," Steve told him in a very calm tone, trying to make him understand everything had gone well.
_ _ _ _ _
"OK, before you two put a scene in here. Why don't we walk to see the memorials?," Natasha said pointing at Tony and Steve. Everyone laughed and started walking towards the walls.
Tony stared at him through the mirror. «You know what, Mr. Stark. It just a matter of coordination of my left hand. I can do this.» He tried again and succeeded with a part of his beard.
"Sir, there is a fire in the center of the city, and it has taken several squares. The police ask for your help because firefighters cannot contain it and take all people out," the AI replied.
«First of all, there is something called
Because if something he was sure, it was that she didn't say it for the blonde girl. What mess he was getting into, he had to stop. He headed back to where the rest was.
." What happened next Tony did not expect it. A thrust with great force caused Tony to have to hold back against the cellar with both hands, but now Steve took one of his hands to entwine it with his and support himself too. This made Steve thrust him much harder. His other hand on Tony's waist was tightening him hard until it slightly hurt. Tony was beginning to lose his head while Steve's thrusts became more erratic and faster. He couldn't believe he felt his orgasm so close, without touching himself or being touch. But Steve's thrusts, the force of the tight on his hand and waist, the sound of his groans and gasps that asked for release, excited him to the point of feeling completely overwhelmed and extremely aroused. Steve possessed his entire body. Even when he had started the game, it was Tony who surrendered to him. And so he started to cum while Steve's fervent thrusts continued. "
Steve returned to the living room and Natasha was talking to Scott.
Steve approached slowly until he was in front of him. He put his hands inside Tony's pants and took his erection hard. Tony let out the breath he lost when Steve began to approach. He knew that with just a stroke Steve gave his cock he would come immediately. As if reading his mind, Steve gave his cock a stroke and Tony groaned loudly closing his eyes.
«Can we talk for a second?» Bucky asked him.
"You asked him?," Natasha asked him taking the beer from his hand.
«How are you?» Steve asked and approached even more.
Tony went for the beers, and he couldn't help looking for where Steve was. Tony had not addressed him all night and looking at the room, he saw him next to a blonde girl. The same who had stood between them a couple of hours ago. She was talking very cheerfully with him. Well, if he was honest with himself, it was pretty obvious she was flirting with Steve.
"Dude, at least he gave you something. I once gave him some very good ideas about the War Machine suit. And yet it's just Tony Stark's design!" Rhodey said gesturing with his hands as if the name was a sign.
"Wait a minute, do you think I wanted to end my life?" Tony laughed sarcastically.
“Yes, Sir,” replied the AI.
"Don't make you want to keep trying?" Steve said looking at him mischievously.
Pepper's birthday would be within 2 days. All he could think about was how terrible he felt because before he almost never remembered that day. Now it was so present to torment him with the fact she wasn't there.
"Doctor? Oh, nice to meet you!" That seemed to calm Vishen's restlessness a little.
"Big guy, let's go to bed," Natasha stroked Bruce's face, he woke up with a smile and followed her.
In the car back home Tony was looking out the window lost in his thoughts. He had Pepper in his arms hugging and stroking him. The distance between Steve and him as the car moved, was marked with every stab of pain in his chest. The hurt that caused to both of them the separation.
"Very well, thanks. Congratulations, a great speech," Shannon said smiling.
Steve couldn't speak. He felt like his words got lost in his head when he heard the sound of
"OK, discard these two models," Tony told the AI pointing out the models on the screen in front of him.
"I heard you that day," Steve said looking at him while licking his lower lip.
"Sorry for telling you the first time we couldn't travel in time," Tony said ashamed.
Steve turned around slowly. His worried eyes also showed all the mixed emotions he felt.
"Sorry, you are right. Let's go," Tony said with some resignation.
Tony got up from his chair, took a few steps to the front and looked up at the sky closing his eyes. Summer would be gone soon, and the breeze that followed that sunset was a sign of the rain to come.
— — — — —
They had lunch and talked as they used to do. Tony enjoyed seeing that beautiful smile of Pepper when she laughed. At some point, she told him she had taken a few days off, so they could do whatever he wanted. At another time, Tony would have felt more excited about that proposition. Now he could only smile.
"Just letting him know is enough. We can go for him and then go with the others,” Wong explained him.
"Tomorrow I will leave early," Tony told him and felt like something inside him was breaking.
Tony laughed biting his lips. "It is inevitable for me to think that is a very broad question"
When they got home, Steve cooked with Tony's classic help. Steal him the occasional kiss and serve the wine while he cooked. Tony explained to him as simple as he could what they were doing and yet it sounded too strange to Steve, but he hoped they could make it. For several years now, Tony had created many inventions of great use for them and the world. Even the improvements to their suits had been incredible. He had dedicated himself body and soul to do all the things he was passionate about. And Steve understood his passion and dedication when he set a goal, but he needed at least 2 days to rest and then he could continue. Steve would take care of it.
Peter whines a little in protest when Tony takes his food away a bit, but then he notices the seriousness in the room and looks at the nurse. He does not look scary and he has got a little teddy bear in his breast pocket, so he must be nice.
“… Wednesday.” Peter says after some considering. He knows it is Wednesday since they had mashed potatoes at daycare earlier, which they have every Wednesday.
“Good. We might check your temp later on, but if you feel okay, that’s good.” Steve pats his back. “Maybe you’ll both feel better soon. Now so you want a new story or TV or playtime?”
“No, we’re bad.” Wanda giggles and shakes her head.
“Go home now.” Peter demands rather than asks. He is really getting sick of this and wants to play with his sister instead.
“Okay, we'll read again. I swear, one of these days you'll find a new story to read.” Tony starts from the beginning. Steve pulls out his phone and texts Stephen, knowing it is a good idea to keep in contact with the doctor themselves even if the nurse let him know that they are coming. At least Stephen is not a stranger to Peter. The little boy does not know any of the doctors and nurses here and that had to have been absolutely terrifying for him.
“Look, sweetheart.” Steve points out some of the decorations in the ambulance to Peter. “They have Mickey Mouse, see? And lots of pretty colours. It's a fun ambulance.” He knows that the whole ordeal has to be frightening and wants to try and make Peter as comfortable as possible as long as he cannot be at home. At least this is fun for him in a way, although he would not blame the poor thing if he was still upset. “What else do you see, honeybee? Can you show Papa?”
Wanda turns around, bleary eyed.
“Yeah, it’s like a hat. You look very handsome.” Thomas smiles. The OR is almost ready, so Stephen and Thomas also start suiting up in surgical caps and masks, but before putting on the masks, they come over to Peter to show some options.
Thank you sm for reading! Comments are very much appreciated c:
“Oh, baby, I know. I know it hurts.” Tony feels his heart break and he just wants to reach out and hold Peter and never let go. “It’s okay, we’re here now. I’ve got you. You’re okay, love. The doctor is gonna make sure you feel all better.” He kisses his forehead. “Show Daddy where it hurts.” The fact that Peter lost consciousness freaks Tony out even more, but he is not going to let on, especially since his baby boy is already so distressed.
“He was good. A little fussy in the morning, but we cuddled for a while and he watched his shows. Took a nap and played for the rest of the day. He was really good. He’s been so great through all of this. I think we got the best little boy out there, you know? But, he probably wants to spend some time with you, so I’ll put you on bedtime story duty for the night.”
“I brought some little surprises for little ones that are good during checkups.” Stephen winks at Peter. “I promise I won’t hurt you, honey.”
“I'll let you guys catch up for now. I'll be back later on to check how he's doing. Call me if you need anything.” Stephen says before he files out quietly with Thomas. Once the family is alone, Tony moves to sit next to Peter and kisses his forehead.
Wait, this does not make sense. Why does Peter need to be checked over if Wanda is the one sick? Grown ups can be so silly sometimes, Peter thinks with a huff. They were supposed to play already, but the promise of a surprise gets his attention.
“Tony?”
“I think I could really use your help, Peter.” Stephen says kindly. “Want to be my doctor assistant for a little while? It’s a very important job.” Steve decides to let the door opening thing go, for now, and ruffles Peters hair.
“Wan’a! Play, play! Dolls? Dolls!” He shrieks gleefully and bounces where he is sat on Tony’s lap.Tony shushes the boy and gently holds him still.
“Yeah, we’ll all go downstairs and sign it. I saw that you guys left the markers by the dinner table.” Steve says, taking Wanda’s hand to bring both the Littles downstairs. Steve sets Peter down and then pulls out a chair for Wanda too. “Can you put your blankie aside and then we’ll colour together?” Steve asks kindly.
“Wanda, it’s not a punishment.” Steve sighs. “It’s to help you. Now lie back down and try to be still. If we don’t know how sick you are we won’t know how to get you better so you can play with Peter.”
Thank you sm for reading! Comments are very much appreciated c:
“Okay, we’re here.” Stella announces from the driver’s seat and parks the ambulance before hopping out to open the double doors in the back. Peter whines a little when the gurney starts moving and clutches Pooh to his chest.
Steve and Tony follow them, anxious to get to spend some alone time with Peter. When Stephen and Thomas finally get him into his private room, Tony grabs Pooh and lays him right next to Peter.
“Sleepy. Go night night now. Papa n' Dada… Outside.” The whole world is becoming a little hazier now. He barely has the energy left to cry anymore. “Stephen, m' tired.”
“Good idea. Look, sweetie.” Steve takes Peter’s hand and squeezes very gently. “Papa’s right here. Just focus on me for now, all right? You’re okay, baby.”
“Pooh...” Peter sighs a little in relief and grabs the stuffie with his good hand, bringing it to his nose to inhale the comforting smell. He relaxes a little and looks at the cover of his favourite book. “Read now?” He asks, sniffling again.
“Okay. You see that, Peter? You get to wear a cool dress from the hospital.” Tony says encouragingly. As soon as his little boy is changed he gets him into the hospital gown and settles him back into bed.
“Honeybee, bath time won't make you more sick.” Steve tries not to laugh. “It’s gonna make you feel better, I promise. I'd never have you do anything that would make you more sick, okay? I promise. You can have bubbles if you want, and play with Peter.”
“Okay, I'll do my best. By the way, Peter just spilled his juice all over the table on purpose, so he's definitely getting a little antsy. We'd better keep an eye on that.” He walks into Wanda's room and sits next to her, giving her a brief kiss. “Are you giving your Daddy a hard time?”
. Or maybe he just wanted to wear himself out. Tony approached the screen and touched it carefully.
Tony snorted. "Something, I'll find  something to embarrass you," he joked.
"Please, Tony," Steve said desperately.
Steve put the beer on the table near him and stood up approaching Tony. He was in front of him very close.
The team were at Rhodey's family house celebrating his birthday. Tony had gone to one of the rooms to call Steve. It had passed 6 weeks without seeing him, and he was completely desperate for him to arrive. He was really impressed of how much he missed him. Lately, when the missions separated them, he tried to focus on the job, but this time it had been too long. For several times he thought about going to meet him, but he knew he had to be responsible and do his part too. Moreover, even though "Mr. Right" missed him as much as he did, he would not like him to appear there leaving matters unfulfilled. And those were the things that made him love him so damn much, Tony thought pleased. Even though he would never admit it out loud, he loved Steve was like that, so rigorous and responsible. Although a little voice also told him he could tempt him until he lost his mind.
Wanda does not seem quite so convinced and throws her hand back to cover her bottom as soon as the thermometer is out, and huffs.
Wanda hesitates, but remembers her promise to behave, and lays out across Tony’s lap, resting her head on one hand and sucking her thumb with the other. She tries not to whimper, but says softly.
When he hears Steve speaks, Peter opens his eyes and rubs at them with his good hand. The pain medication has kicked in properly, making him a little drowsy, but comfortable.
“Dada?” Peter asks quietly. “Gonna lose my arm? Doesn’t work, Papa.” He adds, trying to flex his fingers on his hurt arm, but can barely do so before he cries in pain.
“Lemme see.” Tony says, pushing Wanda’s lips gently to the side to get a better look. Everything looks nice and clean and he pats her cheek. “Well done, princess! Now, let’s brush your hair and then go potty.” He says, grabbing Wanda’s hairbrush from her drawer and gestures for her to turn around.
“Pups! Pick that one.”
Wanda is curled up on the floor, clutching her knees to her chest and whimpering. Steve kneels down and touches her shoulder.
“Yeah, you can draw and write on it. I bet your sister would love that.” Stephen smiles behind the mask. “Okay, we’re gonna start now, Petey, and for the magic to work, we need to fall asleep. And we’re gonna get help from a mask like this to have nice dreams.” Stephen explains, showing the clear anaesthesia mask to Peter so that hopefully he will not be scared of it.
“My head. All over.” Wanda says, referencing the shakes and chills she had a little earlier. “I want kisses and Cinderella. I want...goodnight. Goodnight.” She forced herself up in a daze and ambles away, tripping over her feet.
“I think you’re both too little to have a prince.” Steve says, bouncing Peter gently. “How about you pretend, honey? I’m sure Peter can think of a prince in his imagination.” Wanda sighs and clasps her hands together.
“Papa n’ Wan’a?” Peter asks, opening his mouth for his Dada to let him have a drink. With one arm in a cast, Peter finds it really hard to drink from bottles when he cannot hold them with both hands.
“Lets go check on him.” Steve says and Tony follows with a nod. Returning to the private room, they head over to Peter. “Hey, baby boy. Are you sleepy?”
“I’m all better, Daddy. I go play now. With Peter.” After all, she had promised her little brother that she would show him how to play hopscotch today with more than one rock, and she cannot possibly miss that. It is part of her big sisterly job. Even if she still feels icky all over and really wants to just cry and cuddle with her daddies, playing with Peter sounds objectively way more fun.
“I think you’ve earned this.”
“But, bath time’s gonna make me more sick, Papa.” Wanda argues and coughs again.
“Am brave?” He asks, just to be sure his Daddy is telling the truth. Tony strokes the boy’s hair and whispers.
Wanda’s cheeks turn pink and she opens her mouth to argue. But, Papa is being so nice and understanding and she does not want to push it.
“I’ll do a quick neuro exam and look at his arm. The MRI should be free once I’m done.” The doctor says. Tony nods with a relieved smile. Finally, someone is actually taking care of his baby.
Thank you sm for reading! Comments are very much appreciated c:
“How’s it going here?” The nurse asks with a smile.
“Are you hungry, honeybee? We should get you something to eat.” Tony says, getting one of the extra pillows so that Peter’s hurt arm can be propped up a bit comfortably.
Steve's heart just drops. He knows that Stephen is only telling them what they need to hear, but the thought of putting his little boy through anymore pain is just killing him. He has no idea on how to tell Peter that he will have to go through surgery.
“Yeah?” Tony calls out and goes to join the family in the living room. Peter’s hair is still damp, so he has had his bath and looks content in front of the TV, while Wanda does not look so pleased.
“Pooh, Papa.” Peter says and squirms out of his Papa’s arms. Steve sets the boy down and lets him fetch his stuffie.
“Papa stay.” Peter says simply without looking up at Steve when he speaks. He looks at his socked feet instead, rubbing them together as he thinks of other ways to delay his Papa from going upstairs to go to his sister, again. Wanda has been icky for way too long and Peter has a hard time processing it along with how little attention he is getting from his Daddies. Steve looks confused for a moment, then starts to understand just a little bit.
“Hi, baby girl.” Tony chuckles, rubbing Wanda’s back and places a kiss on her forehead. “You didn’t get icky because you’ve been bad. We all get icky sometimes, okay? Remember when Papa was icky? His stomach hurt a lot and I wouldn’t let you see him. And then last spring, Peter got a bad cold and his eyes were red and itchy.” Tony conveniently leaves out the part where he had got the flu when he had been dumb enough to not put on a proper coat last winter, but his point still stands. “We all get icky, and it has nothing to do it we are good or bad, all right?”
“We’ve got it under control.” Tony smiles at his husband, placing a hand on Wanda’s shoulder to keep her in place. “Wanda, why don’t you tell your brother about the princess duties?” He asks, picking up the lightly soaped loofah to wash the girl’s body.
“We’d better keep an eye on it. I don’t want Peter getting sick too.” Steve whispers. Two sick Littles was a hell of a lot to handle.
“We'll let you know.” Steve says gratefully. “Thank you so much, Thomas. It's really appreciated.” He actually does not know how they would have calmed Peter down without the nurse there.
“For once. We all know I have a better sense of style than you.” Tony jokes, laughing when Steve playfully swat his arm. “Thanks again, Thomas. I guess we’ll be needing this for the night.” He grabs a diaper and some other supplies so he can change Peter. He goes slowly, not wanting to accidentally hurt his head or his arm.
“Of course, Tony.” Maria smiles.
Meanwhile, Wanda is in her room, feeling fussy and sad about not getting to go to daycare. She opens the door and pokes her head out as soon as she hears Peter padding up.
“Yeah, that sounds really good. Stephen probably has some suggestions for us as well, since he does this all day.” Tony chuckles a little, then sighs and sinks down in the chair he is sat in. “I’m just so glad he is all right.” He adds quietly.
“Wanda had an accident. Again.” He reports simply. The worried frown on his face tells the rest.
“I’m sorry, Daddy, I’m sorry!”
“Good.” Tony laughs, wiping Peter's face off with a napkin. “But, let's keep the splashing to a minimum.” The two of them are a handful, but they are a handful he and Steve are happy to have.
“I feel icky, Daddy. I don’t wanna feel icky anymore. And I’m scared ‘cause Peter’s all by himself and I can’t take care of him and it’s my job!” It is a big, important job. She adds on at the end. “And I don’t want anymore doctors and my tummy feels funny.”
“Honey, can I talk to you? I think Papa owes you a bit of an apology.” Peter can tell that something is up and adjusts his grip on Pooh in his arm.
While Steve comforts Wanda, Tony goes to clean the waste-pin before returning to the two of them.
“That’s right, baby!” Steve says proudly. “That’s a giraffe. What a smart boy you are knowing your animals. How many legs does he have? Can you count with Papa?” He takes it slow, pointing to each leg on the toy as he speaks. “One, two, three, four. Can you count to four?”
“We’ll do that in just a moment, darling. I’m sure your brother would love for you to draw on his cast.” Steve says, not quite understanding Wanda’s inner conflict. He lets the clothes soak for a while and comes over to Wanda. “Princess, I think you should put on a pull-up for a while. Just to be safe, okay? You don’t have to use it, but I want you to have it still.” He says, trying to be gentle, but also a bit firm to get the girl to obey.
“Wan’a! Wan’a!” Peter shrieks gleefully at the mention of his sister. He sits up in bed and moves his bad arm, yelping in pain and then wailing. The painkillers are starting to wear off. Just then, Stephen enters the room and grimaces at the sound of Peter’s wailing.
“We can’t all four fit in the bed, babe!” Tony laughs a little. “Peter will sleep just fine in his own bed.” He assures, picking up the cup to wet Wanda’s hair and upper body. He works carefully, tilting the girl’s head back to avoid any water and shampoo from getting in her hair. After rinsing the shampoo out, he works in a generous amount of conditioner into the girl’s vibrant red hair. She has a terrible tendency to get awful knots in her hair, but she refuses to let her Daddies get it cut to make it all easier.
“Sleep tight, princess. We love you so much.” Tony whispers, placing a kiss on the girl’s forehead.
“Is da best!” Peter giggles.
“Juice.” Peter decides, trying to get comfy on the new bed with Pooh.
“Wha’?” Peter asks, having walked to the kitchen obediently when his name was called. His arm is not in the sling anymore and Steve frowns at the sight.
Tony watches the back and forth between his husband and baby girl, letting Steve work his magic. The promise of ice cream is not ideal, because both Wanda and Peter have had way too much of it already these last few days, but it will just have to do.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I love you too, sweetheart.” Steve says back, chuckling softly at how eagerly the girl threw her arms around him. “And I won’t tell anyone. This is our secret.” He says, emphasising his point by zipping his lips shut. “Can you be a brave girl now and find some new leggings to wear in your closet? Then I’ll fix these and come join you.” He says, gesturing to the clothes in the bathtub. He will have to get them washed right away to save them.
Vis frowns softly at what Tony is saying, his heart aching in his chest for the whole family, but Peter most of all.
“Does that sound good, baby? Let’s go check on your sister and you can be a helper.”
“That’s it, hon, just a little.” Steve says. “You’re both gonna be just fine.” He leans down and gives Peter a quick kiss, then Wanda. “We love you two so much.”
Tony gets on the bed next to Peter and pulls him into a hug.
“Of course, babe.” Steve smiles and gives Tony one last kiss before heading upstairs. “Oh, I do love a wedding.” He muses as he walks up the stairs. In Wanda’s room, Peter perks up at the sound of Steve walking up the stairs and looks at the door to wait for his Papa to appear. When he does, he stands up and pads over with his good arm stretched out.
“Okay, Daddy. I wanna give Peter hugs goodbye.” She is still anxious about him being all alone without her as his protector, so she promises herself that she will try her best to send him happy thoughts. When Peter returns with Pooh, Wanda squirms down from Tony’s arms to give him a hug. “Love you, Petey. Have fun. And be good.” She tries to make her small voice authoritative, but fails miserably. Steve laughs.
“Yeah, she made a card for you.” Steve says. “And you know what? You're going to get to go pick out a new toy to play with when we leave. Remember how I told you that? And we're all gonna watch Ponyo together.”
“You’re so sweet, darling, thank you.” Tony smiles, his heart swelling at the compliment and gives the girl a good kiss on her cheek. He straightens up then and puts the hairbrush back. “Peter’s a bit too little for that, I’m afraid. You could try braiding it though.” Tony says, ushering the girl over to the toilet so that they can complete the bedtime routine.
“Here we go.” Steve comes back with a bottle and picks Peter up. “We’re going to go cuddle now and then it’s bedtime, baby boy. Say night night.”
“Yeah, I know, bud. You’re being really brave. Now, I need you to tell me your name.”
“Thank you. Love you, Vis. Peter now?”
“Hi.” Peter replies a little shyly. It’s not that he doesn’t like the doctor because all the memories from being at his clinic aren’t exactly pleasant, but at the same time Peter’s eager to finally have someone to play with. Before he can ask Stephen though, his Papa comes over and ruins everything.
Damn, why had they not thought of that? Steve must be more stressed than he realises if he is being so dumb and not thinking rationally.
“Blue, that’s a really cool choice. We’ll absolutely get you a blue cast.” Thomas confirms.
“Is Petey asleep?” Tony asks, flipping over to the next page and shows Wanda the illustration, showing the princess and bear eating blueberries together.
“No, but you know that Littles can get excited. And that they’re breakable. And that I’m a mother hen and most definitely worrying too much.” Tony rolls his eyes in spite of himself. “But, I’ll worry about him anyway. One of us has to be the freak out person around here, right? And it has to be me. I can’t be the calm one.”
“Yeah, I read the report from the ER doctor at Central. Don’t worry about that.” The doctor replies. “We'll get you checked out and all better in no time.” Stephen says to Peter reassuringly as they wheel him in. “And your Daddies are going to be here with you the whole time, okay? Do you think you can be a big boy for me?”
“Give kisses. Get better kisses, Papa.”
“Of course. Sit tight and I’ll be back in a few minutes.” The nurse says, then adds with a smile. “By the way, your little boy is very sweet. I met him when he came in.”
“He fell off the monkey bars.” Steve informs. “I know the arm is the most obvious thing, but he also hit his head and blacked out. I'm really worried about that.”
With the clear to go from Steve, Peter heads up the stairs, climbing the steps on all fours, and then pads into his room. Looking at his little bookshelf, he finds ‘The Book about Moomin, Mymble and Little My’, which is one of his favourites with how the pages morph into one another with the artwork and holes in the pages. He returns to Steve and presents the book with a gleeful smile.
“Good job, Peter!” Tony praises him rubbing circles on his back in slow, soothing motions. “Thank you for being so good. We’re really proud of you.”
“Gonna fix?” The boy asks the nurse to be sure.
“You are a big boy, angel. I promise.” Steve kisses his cheek. “You’re just a big boy who needs diapers. That’s okay. And thank you for using your manners, but you’re just gonna have to trust Papa on this one, okay?”
“You should go bed, Papa. So tired. You're tired.” Wanda nods in agreement. Steve tries not to laugh.
Wanda nods and rests her head on Tony’s shoulder.
“Oh, sweetheart. I’m not going anywhere. I just need to take care of your sister. She’s not feeling well. Just like how you need extra attention when you’re feeling icky. Do you understand, baby? I know you’re a little wound up but you can get my attention without being naughty.”
“Well? What do you think?” Steve asks.
“Darcy.” Peter parrots, smiling as he thinks of one of his friends at daycare. Well, Darcy is more Wanda’s friend, but the little boy gets to tag along to their cool games now and then. Steve supervises the two Littles for a while as they draw till he notices a weird smell. His first thought is to check the baby in the room. “Pete, did you go potty in your pull-up?” He asks, but Peter shakes his head in reply without lifting his head up from his scribbles.
Peter’s breath hitches a little like he is going to cry, but then his eyes fall upon the huge machine. He is so stunned that he forgets to be upset.
“We're okay.” Tony says. “But, I think we might be staying here just a little bit longer than we expected. I sure am glad we have everything we need here.” All except the reassurance that Peter needs that everything will be okay. He cannot help it of course. He is just a little boy and of course he will want to go home instead of having surgery. “I think he's gonna take a little nap here.”
“I guess I’m a horse today, huh? I’ll carry you where you need to go. And I guess we should go find some markers and crayons.” He carries Peter to the living room and pulls out their colouring supplies.
“Ponyo.” He parrots, also very much liking the idea of getting to pick out a new toy, but right now what he wants most is to cuddle with Wanda. “Cu’le?” He asks, pointing to his sister. To be honest, Steve is not too keen on the idea since he is afraid that Wanda will accidentally hurt Peter and holds the girl a little tighter.
“Some ups and downs as usually, but she’s slowly getting better I think.” Tony reports, stretching out a bit before letting out a huff. “And that would be great, yeah. But, we could make dinner together now, if you want? Did you pick up some groceries?” Tony asks and heads to the kitchen. With the TV on the Littles will be entertained, so Tony is not too worried about going to the room next door.
“Can you talk her into having a bath? I think we’re on the verge of a meltdown.” Steve feels bad, he knows Wanda does not feel well, but he would like to keep the evening quiet and calm. “Wanda, let’s go.”
“He hit his head and broke his arm. They observed him overnight for any complications and he went into surgery early this morning.” Tony explains. “It’s the concussion I’m worried about the most, honestly. I know how to take care of a Little with a hurt arm, but head injuries can be…. Unpredictable, I guess. I’ve just been so damn worried.” He pauses to rub his forehead. “He was being so brave, but I know he was scared.”
Steve rolls his eyes, but it is obvious he is not really annoyed.
“Okay, baby girl, two small pills and then cuddles with Daddy. Can you sit up for me?” Tony asks and Stephen slips a hand under Wanda’s back to help her into a sitting position.
Except it didn’t pass by the next day and instead got worse and worse. By the third day, when none of the medication Tony and Steve had access to over the counter had zero effect, the husbands had no choice but to bring their baby girl to the doctor. Once there, Wanda got diagnosed with pneumonia and got a prescription for some antibiotics, which she refused to take without a good fight. On top of it all, Peter is beginning to act out and Steve groans out when Peter spills his juice all over their breakfast table on purpose.
“Good boy, baby. You’re all done. Let’s get you dressed now.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Thomas will drop by again with dinner for Peter. You can ask him so more questions if you need.” Stephen says and heads off to let the family talk some things through.
Once the pancakes are ready, Tony brings them to the living room and eats with the girl, helping her cut up her pancakes as well as feeds her a couple mouthfuls when she does not want to use the fork herself. Wanda is content with watching Barbie movies and suck her thumb for a few hours, but then she starts to feel hot and icky after a bit. Fevers do tend to flare up a bit in the afternoon, and it certainly was for her. She climbs onto Tony’s lap and whispers.
“Hold on, sweetie.” Steve puts a hand on her shoulder. “Let’s just get you checked out first and make sure you’re okay. You don’t want to get Petey sick, do you? You can watch Frozen just as soon as we know you’re okay.”
“I can take medicine!” She perks up. “Can I have my Hello Kitty sippy, Daddy?” If she gets juice she will no put up too much of a fight about taking medicine. “And I wanna sit on your lap. All day. Only cuddles.”
But even as she opens the door to Daddies’ room and creeps inside, she cannot help but whimper loudly as the sickly feeling just gets worse and worse. She has that awful feeling like she is going to throw up, and her chest is starting to stab with pain. She climbs up onto the bed with her Daddies and snuggles up against Tony, waking him up in the process.
“Good girl! Now, have your juice so they go down in your tummy properly.” Tony says and leans over to give Wanda’s forehead a kiss before handing her the sippy with apple juice. While Wanda drinks, Tony finds Care Bears on the TV and settles in to cuddle with the girl.
“Hm! Wanda, pop!” Peter says, waving at his sister to get her attention.
“It's okay, sweetheart. Daddy's here. I didn't go anywhere before, right? It's gonna be just the same this time. Just a quick picture of your owie and then you're all done.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Happy before, Peter suddenly starts to worry. He glances back at his Daddies and reaches up for Tony with his good arm.
“Hmm!” Peter nods, pleased that he got his way and gets to watch more TV. He wiggles his toes happily and adjusts his hold on Pooh as he continues to watch. At the kiss on her forehead, Wanda stirs a little and reaches her hands up towards Steve.
It is fun to watch the Care Bears, but after a while, Wanda finds herself becoming sleepy again. She wraps herself around Tony, her legs on either side of his torso and her head resting on his shoulder as she closes her eyes. She shivers a little bit, but mostly feels safe and warm.
“I’m not sleepy.” Wanda insists, even though she knows that is probably what it is. “I wanna play.”
“You’re being so brave for me, baby.” And then, the thermometer beeps softly and Tony pulls it out gently to inspect the reading. “It’s a moderate fever, so let's get her some ibuprofen.” Tony tells Steve before getting up to throw away the plastic cover.
“The magic doesn’t work unless we wear masks. Which should Thomas and I have? You can pick.” Stephen says to Peter.
“I know you want to play, sweetie. Maybe you can tell me all about what you’ve been playing right now.” Stephen says. A little bit of conversation might distract him from the discomfort — emphasis on the might, though.
“Petey? You with me?” Stephen asks after a moment and runs a finger around Peter’s eyes. When he gets no twitching in response, Stephen addresses the rest of the surgical team. “He’s under, so we can begin now.”
“Night night?” Peter asks, a bit confused again over how many naps he Is having in one day. But, he does feel quite tired and he Is so comfy in his bed with Pooh. “Wan’a night night too?” He asks, wondering if Wanda Is gonna have a nap too. Steve finally relents.
“I understand.” The nurse says sympathetically. “But, we have a lot of other patients today. Your little boy might have to wait a few hours. I really am sorry, it’s out of my hands. I know you must want your Little to get better. We could have him transferred to another hospital if you want him looked at faster.”
“That’s true.” Steve admits.
“Snuggle now.” Wanda nods. Steve sets her down next to Peter and lets her curl up on her side, facing him. The girl reaches out to touch her brother’s uninjured arm, repeating what her Daddies always say when they are sick or hurt. “I'm here now. Is okay.”
“Can you sing the alphabet for me?”
“Okay, let’s move over here now. Can you hold onto your owie arm, Peter?” Stephen says, demonstrating how he wants Peter to hold his injured arm to his chest. Peter holds his arm to his chest, but cries out in pain when he moves it. Even though it was stabilised, it still hurts.
“Can you keep an eye on dinner and the baby?” Tony asks and goes to pick up Wanda. The girl usually walks by herself, but now Tony wants her safely with him so that she will not trip and hurt herself. “Come on then. Let’s get you squeaky clean.” Tony smiles, bouncing her gently as he brings her to the bathroom.
“One minute!” Steve calls back. He hurriedly switches on Paw Patrol before rushing back upstairs. “I’m here, I’m here.”
“Apple juice.” Wanda plays lazily with her Daddy’s hair as he gets it for her. Being in his arms, whether they are up with her on his hip, or cuddling together in bed, is her favourite place to be. “Is Peter having juice too? Do you think he’s okay? Don’t put me down , Daddy. I have to stay with you.”
“The magic doesn’t work if you eat, you see.” Thomas says to Peter, coming over with a little cup of medicine. It looks like cough syrup and Peter cringes. “I’ll pinch your nose so you can’t taste it, okay?” The nurse says and before Peter can really answer, his nostrils are pinched shut and he opens his mouth of reflex. Tipping the cup over into Peter’s mouth, the nurse closes the boy’s mouth and waits till he swallows before letting go. Peter coughs and shudders at the after taste and pouts hard at the nurse for tricking him.
"As you go, my friend, I don't think so," Sourav said laughing.
_ _ _ _ _
"Take care," Pepper's mother was heard saying when Tony and Steve turned around.
"What's it Tony, are you afraid of being alone?," Ultron asked laughing again. "It's just my friend and I to keep you company."
It was a lot of fun, Steve thought. He had won the dart game, and Tony had no choice but to ride the attraction with him. That was good, because he really did not know how to answer Tony's question about him changing with time. And so, the hours passed, and they went home quite exhausted. They had done a lot of things in just one day.
Steve was staring at the ceiling while breathing hardly. Sweat ran down his face.
"I do," Steve looked at him, reflecting in his eyes the same pain for loss.
"In half and hour they will be here," Tony smiled looking back at Steve who nodded. "Why were you here?"
"Nice trick, wizard," Tony looked at him with a half smile.
for everything to pass," she said pointing out to the girls and hugging the older lady. The other man nodded them silently.
"It's not easy. I understand you because I've been there," Bruce said sympathetically, "But Tony, for now the distraction may work, but inevitably one day you'll have to forgive yourself and forgive her to be able to move on."
Steve laughed. "Apparently Nat is the only one who has been unaffected by the drink, and for me, she cheated us all and didn't really drink."
"I think he was going to one of those meetings today. You know, those support centers," Rhodey said.
"It's all good now. I'll see you in the meeting room," Tony said heading to the exit.
— — — — —
, and he began to explain about some changes he needed in his War Machine suit. Frankly, Tony didn't pay much attention to Rhodey. He tried to answer him when he asked a question, and hoped he was right with what he said. His mind was at that moment in the kitchen.
"Great. We'll need as much help as possible. That way we'll return them as quickly as possible," Tony said.
. Who was going to believe it?" Tony said smiling, "I'll have to take care of it in detail," he said raising an eyebrow with a smirk.
"Happy new year, my dreamer," Chandra said looking Steve in the eyes.
Tony was looking at her deeply, and he could understand the meaning behind her words too. From the moment Steve entered his life he had needed him in it without knowing why. He had been part of his life even before Tony met him. However, since Steve woke up his presence seemed to fuel his desires, his passion. But above all, his purpose in life. That one he had found one day in an Afghanistan cave.
«Were we together?» Tony said after what felt like hours of a torturing stillness.
His soul found comfort in Steve's body, that union to him he had longed for along with his heart for many years. He loved Pepper, but he also loved Steve.
"Poor me," Tony told him staring at him. "You have abandoned me."
"I hoped you to like it," Steve smiled at him.
«Morning,» Tony replied almost in a whisper.
After a few minutes, Tony took a few steps back from him and went to his desk. He leaned on with his hands to both sides looking directly to those concern eyes. «I don't know why I think you are telling the truth. I know what it feels like to someone manipulates your mind. Wanda did it, and yet, with some certainty I could say I feel in my right mind. Then you, or at least the person who I know and confuse with you, talk to me about the pain of loss, my loss,
The next morning, the team was flying to the zone they discussed the day before. They were around a table seeing on the screen the map of the mines to determine where it was the best place to enter.
Tony brushed with his tongue the spot. "A little kink of mine I still can't have," he sighed in his ear.
"You want to talk?," Steve asked.
Steve look at him, took him by the neck and kissed him with all the intensity of the love he felt for him. He wanted to erase all doubt, every thought that made him feel so lost and insecure. He wanted to seal on his lips he was Tony's completely. He had Tony there with him, in his arms and that was what mattered.
Tony softly laughed.
"I'll come before then," Tony replied without looking away.
Steve smiled, got up and took the lubricant out of his suitcase. He stood beside the bed to look delighted at Tony. Tony looked at his erection and didn't resist getting on his knee to take his cock into his mouth. Steve gasped desperately at Tony's relentless sucking. He knew how to take him to the edge of ecstasy with the movements of his tongue in a very short time.
«Steve, good day. Ready for the test? Bruce greeted him.
Taking him out of his absorption, Tony felt how Steve took his hand and caressed it.
«I came to see you» Steve replied.
After a few minutes, when they sat at the table, both were more relaxed and decided to believe they could go on without talking about the
Steve hit him against the door and kissed him as if he really wanted to eat him whole. Tony groaned with every move of Steve's tongue, and with every touch of his hands that possessed every part of his body. Tony responded with the same fiery intensity to the kiss. He needed to make Steve feel that he wanted him the same way, and that he was also melting at that untamed passion. They kissed once and again, and each touch of their lips sealed a story that was meant to be. Tony thought he could not do anything else than kiss him eternally. Then he felt how Steve touched the bulge of his erection, and he had to stop kissing him for a moment to groan and breathe at the same time. Steve took the opportunity to kiss his neck; he savored it with each kiss as if he wanted to taste every inch of his skin. In an instant, Steve was taking Tony's shirt off and then his own, kissing him again. Tony stroked that back exploring each muscle as he had once done in his fantasies. Again reality was a bliss, that heat, that skin felt so good in his hands. Steve resumed the task of exploring his body, he began to kiss his neck again and without Tony noticing, Steve put his hand inside his pants.
"You said it. In the past," Natasha was staring at him. "Life went on as it always does and united your lives a little more than they already were. Maybe everything happened for a reason, Steve."
"A beer?" Steve asked Tony who was leaning against a column in the entrance. His gaze lost in his thoughts.
_ _ _ _ _
After a few minutes, everything went back to normal, and both were able to focus on the project again.
Tony's face must have told Wong clearly he hadn't understood a word of what he just said.
Steve raised an eyebrow with a smirk on his lips.
"Playboy, don't you remember?" Tony raised an eyebrow while looking at him amused.
that finally made the divinity vibrates and became life.
Pepper was crying but with a smile in her face.
Everyone laughed.
At the instant Steve spoke, the three girls sat across from them. Tony watched as dad and mom stared at each other somewhat resigned.
A few minutes later Bruce and Steve were in a cafe.
A few seconds later Tony was at his side stroking Steve's back. He still was upside down on the mattress but looking at Tony with a smile of extreme satisfaction.
. He was fighting the betrayal of someone he loved. I saw it in his eyes. When he fought you, it was about hurt. A different kind of pain.»
«It's that a promise or a threat?» Steve asked raising an eyebrow. He couldn't help smiling.
Tony turned away from Steve and addressed Scott. "We thought you had disappeared like the rest," Tony said perplexed at the recognition of whom he was.
Steve hadn't thought for a second about his outfit when he told Strange he would come with him. Now he also realized he was dressed in his uniform.
"Tony," Steve said, unable to move. He was seeing him again. He could have him in front of him again.
"I'm going to need you," Tony told him and Steve looked up, frowning.
Steve noticed Tony was starting to wake up. He tried to move his right arm and hissed at the pain.
"Give me a Scotch," Tony told the bartender.
"You don't know how difficult it has been to miss you every day," Tony said, staring at him and gently kissing his lower lip.
"Yes," Tony said with a deep exhalation and felt Steve lift his leg to thrust his cock into one movement.
"Hi Tony, how are you?" Sarah said smiling in the lab door.
«I think we should talk,» Steve insisted.
Even though his heart warned him that it would be very difficult to cope, Tony decided to go up to the room he shared with Pepper. When he reached the door, it was closed. His hands landed on the handle, however, he didn't know if he could open it. He had fought a titan and yet, he felt defeated by a simple handle on his hands. When Tony decided to open it, he wasn't sure if it was just his imagination, but he could feel her smell. It was so fresh, so new that it seemed as if she was still there. He entered, and his eyes searched for her desperately, even when his mind told him that he confused memory with reality.
The next morning, Tony woke up early and left the house at dawn. He didn't say goodbye. They both knew it was too painful. It seemed they had lived a lifetime by spending a weekend together.
"All good, buddy. All good," Tony replied grinning and looking at Steve who blushed a little and smiled back.
"God, I can't wait another week to see the next chapter," Rhodey said excitedly.
During dinner, they heard some lightning fall in the distance. It had started to rain. While they were eating, Tony noticed a strange sensation in his body. He felt somewhat anxious. Perhaps Rhodey's question had made him wake up too many hidden memories. When they finished eating, he and Rhodey went to the living room and Pepper stayed to prepare some ice cream for dessert. As Tony walked into the living room, he felt that sudden anxiety again. He truly didn't understand why he felt that way. He ran his hand over his chest. Rhodey sat on one of the sofas and suggested turning on the TV to see what they said about the weather forecast.
«Are you two going to ever stop bothering each other?» Rhodey asked him snorting.
“Are you saying that to make me open the door to you?” Tony said smiling.
"That's Shannon, Peggy's niece." Natasha told him appearing out of nowhere as usual.
"It's all good, right?" Rhodey said looking at him with concern.
," Tony said with a hoarse gasp, and he was coming without Steve touching him. That took Steve to the brink of ecstasy, and he could also feel his orgasm approaching. He took Tony's cock in his hands and stroked him once, and they both groaned to the delightful pleasure of orgasm.
"And I thought we'd be without problems for a while," Tony said looking at the floor. Even when that other explanation made no sense to him also, he felt compelled to help him.
"Your sister is the goddess of death?" Natasha asked surprised.
Steve smiled. "If in 5 minutes they don't stop. I'll help you."
_ _ _ _ _
, he thought.
"You two needed to be alone. It was a very deep meditation for you to connect," Wong explained him.
"Tony, I'm glad to see you," Steve shook his hand.
him, knew him even in his weaknesses. He recognized the worst version of himself, and yet he was there telling him he wanted to help him.
"Steve," Tony pleaded him again, breaking the kiss.
"Stark, burgers are ready," said Thor triumphant.
He took his cock in his hand and had to silence the moan he let out with the pillow. Fuck, he needed that so much, he thought. It had been so long since he had an erection that he even thought perhaps he was having a problem. But now he was completely sure
"I tell you one thing, don't trust this guy and his drink. I was fine until I tried that thing again," Rhodey said in a drunken voice.
“You cannot be sure what could you create!” Tony said getting angry.
Tony pouted and saw Steve smile.
"It really was a good speech," Tony told him with a proud smile. "Definitely, my favorite so far."
"Oh no, wait a second. Or is it because he was the reason why it was easy for you not to be with me?," Tony asked bitterly. "No! Even better! Is it your conscience?! Which does not support having made me bear the knowledge of my own death!" he finished saying out of breath.
"Friday, dear, I need to contact that girl of the conference day. Locate her and let me know," Tony said as he watched one of the screens.
"While I saw you asleep there, I couldn't help remembering the first time I saw you like that in the lab," Tony said with a sigh. "God, it's been so long," he stared at the window for a few seconds. "Nevertheless, it wasn't the memories but a thought that crossed my mind what surprised me," Tony paused and took a deep breath. "I thought I could have lived a lifetime in which your face was the first thing I see when I wake up in the mornings. My astonishment was that although the images of Pepper and Morgan came to my mind, however, I could feel in my heart a strange certainty. I would also have been happy...with
Steve opens the door and peeks in with Peter on his hip.
“Wanda, calm down.”
“That is absolutely right, baby. Great job. I’m so proud of you! Now let’s go to daycare, you can do some more counting there. Do you want to say goodbye to your sister?”
“Nap.” Peter decides fairly quickly and goes to lay down. It is odd to say the least, not only considering it is past 6 pm, but also that Peter never asks for naps. Stephen agrees in an instant.
“Shut up.” Tony shoots at his husband, but there is no real harm behind the words. “Squeaky clean princess.” Tony laughs, towelling Wanda’s hair dry with the hood of the towel. Both Wanda and Peter have one each and they seem to adore the hood that comes with the fluffy towel.
“Come here then, Papa.” Tony says fondly, patting the free space next to Wanda to invite Steve to join them. “We’re reading about princesses and friendly bears.” He informs his partner helpfully.
Okay, fair enough, Peter thinks. He feels more at ease now knowing his sister is close by and what she is up to. But, what about Papa? He pulls back from the bottle to speak.
“Daddyyy!” Peter adds in helpfully and Tony bursts out of the bathroom in the middle of his shaving. There is no way he is letting Wanda out of the house so that she will need hospital treatment to cure her pneumonia.
He had to remind Friday to buy bigger towels; maybe it was Steve was very tall and big, and the towel seems small to him.
— — — — —
_ _ _ _ _
"But it could be any other," Tony told him annoyed.
Tony smiled. "I'll be fine. I promise," Tony assured him again. "I will think about how we will comfort each other tonight," he said with a mischievous smile.
It wasn't enough, he thought.
"I'm here," Tony replied with a half smile and watched her rush towards him to kiss him.
Steve scolded himself. He remembered discussing during the brainstorming in the compound they should not mess with time, and even
"I'm retired," Tony smiled.
"I trust he knows what he does," Steve said trying to get Tony to understand he couldn't say more.
Then, he took them. For the first time in his life, he would do this for him, not the world. Since he woke up from the ice and even before, he had only dedicated his life to others and has never thought of himself for once. This was insane there was no doubt, but he needed to see
his mind told him.
"Dreams, only dreams are," Somnang told him as they sat down.
"I hear that as a yes. How about a meeting tomorrow here in my lab?" Tony asked.
At that moment Steve entered the kitchen, "Good morning."
"We have to find a logical and tangible idea that really achieves what he is proposing," Tony said looking at him and then at Bruce.
"I don't want to hurt you, Peps. I don't want to see you suffer because of
Tony opened his eyes with heaviness and made an attempt to take the mask with his other hand, but Steve took it for him.
Tony stayed there seeing the horizon thoughtfully.
"Thank you, Carol. Good to see you again," Steve told her.
Steve closed his eyes for a moment. Hearing
"Why are you telling me this now?" Tony said bewildered at that statement.
"For you, Love," Tony raised his glass and they toasted. After drinking, Tony took the glass from Steve hand and put them on the table. He turned to Steve, took him by the hand and brought him to the center of the porch. "Friday, put on some music."
“Love,
, seemed to be even more dangerous than death. Steve pain convinced him. His grief, the sorrow contained in his words gave him a sense of despair that his own body could feel. The chills ran down his back and neck with the sound of Steve voice. And if he was honest with himself, the panic attack was perhaps more related with
” Steve whispered those words and Tony closed his eyes while hearing them.
“I want to do it," Steve told him very seriously.
"Thank you. I'm trying to convince him to definitely move in here," Tony said smiling.
"Does this imply Shannon is available?" Sam asked, and Steve kept laughing a good time with them.
"1 day and we come back," Tony told him with his eyes closed.
Tony did not know what to say and simply took a piece of pizza and started eating. It couldn't be, he thought. He was sure that day had only been a dream. But now with Rhodey's words the memory seemed to be clearer. That blurry silhouette that left the room, was
"Yes," Tony replied with a short breath, and Steve was kissing him. Tony had to recognize Steve was making him lose his mind every time he was so close. His mind which some had said was of a genius, seemed to be blunted, crushed, in a short circuit. His thoughts, words, and any left reasoning he could have, seemed to get lost so he could only
"I must accept, you beat me on that. But that was a good fight," Thor said proudly.
. It is a technique and yes, for what it says, the fish is returned to the water. On the other hand, who is going to touch them and take their... Oh, I can't even say it» said Tony making more exaggerated gestures of disgust.
ourselves every moment we fall, but deciding we will continue fighting our own fears because we deserve this world. Having each other is the best gift we can have, and we must enjoy every moment shared... So, for those who are not here, but will always be in our hearts. And for us I toast.”
Steve looked at Peeper who was crying looking at Tony. He didn't know what to do for a second, but he approached him.
«Let's go for breakfast,» Bucky said taking him out of his thoughts.
"It has been very difficult to understand him. However, moments like this make me appreciate it. We have loved each other and felt it, that's enough," Steve said.
"Now I know," Steve told him smiling. "And I must tell you you will have to eat every 4 hours or feel that despair you feel now."
"Let's see what we can do," Tony nodded.
They arrived at the compound and Bruce and Natasha took the elevator along with them. The first to get off was Natasha, and in the moment the door closed behind Bruce, Tony closed the distance between them and was kissing Steve ardently. Steve lifted him, and Tony wrapped his legs around him. Between kisses they reached Tony's room, and Steve went straight to the bed. Now they could explore other parts of their body again. They began to caress each other desperately wanting to feel and relive every sense of pleasure they already knew from their bodies. Steve kissed his neck and snapped Tony's shirt breaking the buttons.
"Tony, are you alright? Let me check, please," Steve said trying to get close again.
"It's just a missing piece. I know," Tony said looking around.
. That didn't help, and neither the image of that large reddened cock before his eyes. Tony closed his eyes trying not think where he would like that cock to be. He couldn't help it and took it in his hand. He immediately had to put the other hand on the wall to hold himself when a groan with Steve's voice came out of his mouth. He gave it a hard stroke and heard the moan of his own lips again. Tony closed his eyes and his mind returned to the kiss scene. How their bodies were so close together, touching every part of them. Steve kissed him as if he wanted to merge into him. A crushing passion he had never felt in his life. Tony could only think it was he who was pleasing that body, it was his hand that was taking that big cock and making Steve moan.
"As incredible as it may seem, you both created a different continuum. Your connection, forged with an unbreakable force, allows me to be here today," Strange told him, looking around.
question Tony wanted to ask him. "Yes."
"I did," Steve said, looking at him deeply. "I was thinking of pleasing you," he said hoarsely while using his thumb to rub small circular motions around his head.
«Everything is fine, I promise,» Tony said gladly.
A few minutes passed, and Tony and Rhodey were still in their same positions. However, Tony no longer cried. He was only with his gaze lost in space, very still.
The following hours were hard to bear. Tony had stayed on the porch for a while without entering the house and when he did, the silence was terrifying. Pepper was locked in their room without leaving for the rest of the afternoon. After a while, Tony changed in one of the guest rooms and went back to sit on the porch. And so, it became at night and the silence perished a little before the sounds of nature. For moments, a comforting warmth wrapped him, and he knew Steve was thinking of him. Tony closed his eyes and could feel him close to him. Then his world returned to calm.
"I think it has everything in the closet. Towels, sheets, blankets, but anything you need I am here next door," Tony told him, trying to speak very objectively. Of course he was not implying anything by telling him that his room was just next door.
"You did great, Cap," Tony told Steve with a proud smile. Steve was coming back from finishing the speech and sat next to him.
Tony didn't want to look at Steve, but sideways he saw how he hesitated a little, but accepted Shannon's invitation.
Steve knew Tony's mind worked faster than anyone he had ever known in his life.
"I like these internal GPS we have, that way we will never lose each other sight," Tony said smiling after a moment, and his heart was deeply moved to see Steve's delighted smile.
Tony opened his eyes. The same room.
"Me too," Carol replied with a smile.
"Because of that time with Mephisto?"
Steve laughed. "We already have it, Love."
small towel.
«I'm ready,» Steve replied. He set the watch and disappeared.
"We should get in here, if they have a security explosive. It will be easier for us to reach this exit," Steve pointed out to Tony on the screen.
"Here too. We'll just adjust the time a little more. But we know it works well," Bruce said.
"If I am honest. It was a little difficult at first, but eventually I got to sleep. No all nights you can have an
Steve licked his lips and shook his head smiling. He helped him dressing and both went to the meeting.
When they were walking back, Tony saw Pepper's parents near one of the walls. His heart clenched in his chest. He knew he would meet Pepper's parents at some point, but it was more difficult than he thought. I have to go to greet them, he told himself. Suddenly, everything good he had already felt again by walking next to Steve fell apart.
"Tony, I could list all the exceptional qualities that make you an extraordinary man and yet, it would not be enough. It's just because it is you, all of
Steve immediately stood by his side. "You cut yourself with a potato peeler, that seems impossible," he said with a tone of surprise and concern. He looked at Tony's hand, took him by the arm and brought him to the sink. It was not a very deep cut. Some alcohol and a band-aid would serve, Steve thought.
“I know, and I am glad our friendship became stronger,” Steve said sighing. “But I want more,” he took a deep breath.
Steve had now his arms leaning on his legs and glanced at him. "I don't know how I fell asleep too," he said smiling.
Tony hadn't wanted to come before. Pepper's family had put a gravestone with her name. At first it had seemed absurd to him, but out of respect for Pepper's family, he had arranged for the grave to always have flowers. Tony did not remember being in a cemetery since the death of his parents and now he understood why he had not done so. They walked silently through the green grass until they found the space of the Potts family. There it was, the gravestone with her name. Tony felt Steve put his hand on his back and caressed him. When he turned to see him, his heart felt a little more courage by Steve's affectionate look. Tony nodded and Steve walked away.
Tony held out his hand «Deal?»
«OK. But if I win, you'll have to tell me how you went from the
After enrapturing their lips of kisses that savored the breath of the other for a good while. They began to take off their clothes helping each other between more kisses and furtive caresses. When both were naked, they groaned intensely at the rubbing of their erections. Tony wrapped his legs around Steve's waist and they moved enjoying the friction. Steve began kissing Tony's neck, licking and sucking it and heard him moan in pleasure. He loved doing that; it was like eating from an insatiable delicacy. Then, he went down Tony's chest kissing him until he reached his cock and wrapped it with his mouth. Tony gasped his name and took the back of the bed with one of his hands while the other stroked Steve's hair. Every lick, every suck left Tony breathless, making him moan intensely and Steve couldn't help touching himself while looking at him.
"I need to get to Bara Bangal. It's supposedly the last place Mordo was seen. He's a sorcerer, and I'll help you with that. But the army he has now, that's when you come in. We must stop him." Wong seemed genuinely concerned, but Tony still did not understand with what were they dealing with.
"The truth is that I did,” Rhodey said smiling, “So, you made peace with Steve," he told him, gesturing the quote on the word peace with his fingers.
"What would have happened after the storm passed?" Tony repeated the question.
"Hey, are you okay? You sound out of breath. Man tell me you're exercising, right? It can't be anything else if you're not at home" Rhodey said sounding curious.
Out of the corner of his eye, Tony saw a yellow light appear at his side. He immediately touched his reactor, and his suit began to cover him. A portal opened in front of his eyes, like the ones he saw Strange opened many times that day. Wong entered his lab.
_ _ _ _ _
After seeing him, Steve laughter was louder.
"Tony," Steve said hoarsely in his ear.
Tony was going to the kitchen of the compound with a tablet in his hands trying to check out what was happening in the world. It was pretty early in the morning, but without his coffee he could not call himself a person. As he walked into the kitchen, he saw Steve who was standing with his back to him while pouring a cup of coffee. Tony hadn't seen him since
me, indeed," Tony kissed him hungrily while Steve headed to the elevator.
. It was not easy to get rid of the memory of what had happened the night before. But he was there not to think, he just wanted to be calm, alone for a while. Reading a book could do with it. Half an hour later, Tony decided to go running.
"We always feel the connection with our soulmates, with all the souls with whom we share a special, close bond. But over time, with the distractions of the world we stop feeling them, perceiving them. Having been connected with him on the way where you were, your connection is still very present."
"I'll try convincing him," Steve told him.
"Hi, you two," Bruce said smiling as he saw Steve and Tony got out of the car at the compound's gate.
“So, Strange is alive.” Tony said it out loud, but Steve could see in his gaze that his mind was working and connecting everything.
"Stark, my friend, I missed you so much!" Thor told him with enthusiasm.
The rhythm was slow, as if Steve had all the time in the world and didn't care that his cock must ache with the tortuous wait. Tony rocked his hips back to take Steve’s fingers deeper and when he heard Steve's moan, he looked into his eyes, "I need you inside me," Tony said, taking Steve's cock and slowly putting it in his entrance. He was not yet ready enough, but it didn't matter, he needed Steve inside him. Slowly, Tony slid down until he had all Steve’s cock inside him. Steve exhaled a long, tremoring breath while groaning loudly, but didn't move waiting for Tony to adjust.
Tony moved his hips to brush Steve erection and heard his moan. A few minutes ago, he was thinking about how sore he was, but now he couldn't help but think of having him inside him again.
What was that supposed to be? A fucking message from a dead old man? But if he didn't even believe in ghosts!
_ _ _ _ _
Steve didn't understand much, to say nothing, of what Bruce and Tony were talking in the lab at the time. However, he could see the joy that lit up their faces when an idea seemed to be perfect for everything to work. But also the frustration when it didn't work. He wished he could help more than bring them the materials they needed or help them with small tasks he could understand. But if those two genius minds were fighting a colossus that seemed impossible and they were not succeeding. He honestly did not know what else he could to do to help.
"Steve," Tony sighed.
Tony sighed deeply.
"Let me help you," he heard Bruce say taking him by the arm, and Rhodey also approached to help him.
"The taxi is about to arrive," Pepper said without turning around.
No, it was not his heart which was afraid, but him. Tony went to the backyard; he suddenly felt hot. He stood on the porch for a moment and took a deep breath, closing his eyes. The soft breeze caressed his face as it had had a day ago when he stood in that same spot. He opened his eyes and looked out at the lake, so serene and peaceful, as if he knew a secret about living that Tony didn't know.
«On your left,» Steve said to Sam when he passed by him. There was always time to play with him, he thought smiling.
Steve smiled and bent down to kiss his neck. Tony closed his eyes trying not to make a sound into Rhodey's conversation.
"A rather peculiar family if you ask me" Bruce turned to Tony smiling.
He did, so much, and he tried his best to feel so little, but he did.
Steve broke apart and changed their positions but not before taking both Tony's hands and putting them on top of his head, holding them only with one of his. With his other hand Steve stroked his face slowly while they looked intensely at each other out of breath. Tony felt his whole body surrendered to Steve, and although he didn't want to admit it, there was something else that also surrendered to him. Steve slowly approached and licked Tony's bottom lip with his tongue before taking it between his teeth and biting it softly. Tony closed his eyes and felt that sweet torture repeated with his upper lips. When he felt he could not take it anymore, Steve used his tongue again to gently suck his lips over and over. Tony could feel how Steve made that moment eternal, so he could get drunk with the sublime touches. Nevertheless, the kiss was slowly gaining strength again, and Tony felt as Steve lifted one of his legs to get closer. They could feel their erections in that position, and inside the kiss, the moans of both were lost when they felt the friction caused by their hip movements. Suddenly, an alarm began to sound. For just a second, they were so immersed in each other that they didn't seem to hear it, but then they stopped kissing and looked into bewildered eyes.
After breakfast, they found everything they needed to go fishing in the house. They walked to the lake where they found a boat, got on and navigated until they found a place they liked.
"Tell me, where will be less time to go out?" Tony asked.
"You can tell."
"Hey, I already feel old, call me Tony. Tell me you're not busy to help me with my project," Tony said as he watched one of his screens.
"Please," Steve kissed him softly and felt Tony's soft moan.
," he finished saying with a sigh.
«Love, you are going to be fine,» Steve said with a tight in his throat. «I love you.»
A moment later Tony came out of the water with his naughty gaze, approaching to kiss him and keep pulling his cock. Then, Tony introduced a finger in his entrance while continuing to stroke his cock and Steve was lost to his touch. He raised one of his legs, so Tony had more access to his hole. They were savoring their lips, and Steve was moaning at Tony's finger thrusts. Suddenly, Tony put just the tip of his cock in his entrance and began to stroke it very slowly.
For a moment, a memory wanted to assault him, but he focused on licking her cunt again to then introduce his tongue with great force. Pepper arched her back and Tony sucked her clit hard while he introduced two fingers inside her. Pepper began to move to the rhythm of his fingers as Tony exchanged between sucks and licks at his clitoris. When he introduced another finger Pepper took him by the hair encouraging him to continue. Tony introduced his tongue along with his fingers and heard Pepper's very loud moan. He continued to please her while her fluids filled his mouth. One more movement of his fingers and tongue made Pepper take him by the hair again. The erratic movements of her hip and the contractions of her cunt let Tony know Pepper was coming very strongly. A few seconds later, Pepper fell on the bed breathing hard.
"What did I do this time?" Tony said trying to focus on Steve's eyes.
"Steve." Tony looked at him with amazement and tenderness.
Tony groaned in both pleasure and relief while bracing himself against Steve's shoulder with his other hand. He was pushing his hips forward, and Steve responded by sucking the small amount of focus Tony could have. It was just a couple of thrusts into Steve’s mouth, and Tony arched his back, his hot fluid shooting into his mouth.
Tony stared at him and his heart no longer beat in despair when he looked at Steve. There was something else that embrace him, a sweet devotion. Steve was no longer an exciting fantasy. He was his
They left the monastery and went for a walk to a nearby garden. It was a beautiful night, and the path was full of trees whose leaves had surrendered to the persevering autumn. Somnang pointed him some stones near a small stream.
Steve kept laughing. "Tell me the news?" he asked her, sitting in front of her desk.
Tony got up to look him in the eye, "I need to return the favor, it wouldn't be fair," he said, raising an eyebrow and putting his hand on the bulge in Steve's boxer.
and both turned to say happy new year to the rest of the group.
"Congratulations on the wedding," Danvers told them.
"I understand you," Steve sighed.
"He has been very worried about you," Pepper told him. “He still is.”
When Tony landed in the doorway of their house, a cold chill ran through his entire body. For a moment, he stood there only watching the whole place. It was all covered in dust,
Tony felt out of breath. Steve had felt him. He had felt the whole revolution of feelings in Tony heart while he saw him on the screen. And because of that Steve had begged him once more to stop.
"You don't know the way everything around me is spinning right now," Tony said opening only one eye. He didn't want to accept that Steve's presence wouldn't help him feel better now.
Tony nodded and when he turned around to go to the door, he felt Steve grab him by the arm and turn him toward him. Those full lips were kissing him again. He had missed them for those few minutes. This time Steve kissed him, and Tony's body trembled at the same pace as his heart. For a few minutes he remained lost to the pleasure of the exploratory and provocative movements of Steve's tongue, until he gasped for air.
Steve nodded again, not knowing what to say. Suddenly, someone was knocking at the door. Pepper was standing there.
_ _ _ _ _
It had been several hours and Tony was still sleeping. The nurse had kindly brought some breakfast and coffee to both of them. They hadn't talked much, both were just watching Tony. Suddenly, Tony moved, and Steve was by his side. He was awakening. Tony opened his eyes and saw Steve.
"What?" Steve asked trying to sound like he didn't know what Tony was talking about.
"I take them. Nat went to the depots," Rhodey replied, and both took the civilians and Shannon as fast as they could.
Tony looked into his eyes. "It won't work," he said smiling.
"It's okay, Love. You should rest, I can tell you haven't slept."
"Are you sure?" Pepper told him concerned. "I know you don't like taking medication, but I better bring you something. You don't look good, Love." Pepper came over and ran her hand over his face.
"Thanks, man," Rhodey replied with a smile. "I know it's a difficult day for everyone, but we've come this far and I think we can continue," he looked at the people around him.
“You haven't sleep,” Tony said not as a question, but as an affirmation.
"We meet at nine to start everything and go before noon," Tony explained. "But you must know that already. Well, I don't know how much time would have passed where you are, and maybe you have already forgotten," Tony sounded nervous now.
Suddenly, Tony broke the kiss. And without putting distance between them, he looked at those reddened lips that tried to let the air in. He stared into those eyes whose blue was lost because they were possessed by hunger. "I can't do this," he said breathlessly.
, Tony told himself over and over. He ran to his lab. He needed to check what was happening. Ultron could not be there again.
"Hi, how are you?" Steve asked Shannon.
Somnang nodded and asked, "Tomorrow we will have an offering of flowers. Will you come?"
At that moment Natasha entered the kitchen, "Good morning Stark, I'm starving. Have you had breakfast yet?"
. That was what he was supposed to do, for what he had come down, but his cravings made him lose his mind. Tony nodded. "You're right, we must talk." He armed himself with courage and decided to go looking for him even if that did not seem the best plan right then.
Tony cry out in pleasure and pain at the same time and reached out to hold onto Steve's neck. Steve was still holding his leg and pulled his cock out to shove it back in, and Tony arched his back moaning loudly. Steve began to move inside him with hard, steady thrusts, and then he went from holding his leg to use his thumb to rub over the head of Tony cock. Just how he knew he liked it. Tony was now breathing hard at Steve's thrusts, and his caresses made him lose himself. With those deep thrusts, Tony felt completely into surrender, whimpering without restrictions. His hips started jerking frantically to fully satiate himself of Steve's hand and cock until he came vigorously. A rush of heat filled him when Steve came a few thrusts later.
Bruce opened his eyes and everyone stood on guard after the heartbreaking scream that was heard.
— — — — —
Tony looked at him breathlessly, and Steve gave his cock another stroke. Tony groaned again and tried to keep his eyes open, but one more stroke was all he needed to come with a burst of his heat. When Tony opened his eyes, Steve was looking at him with devotion. As if the world was contained in his eyes. Steve approached and kissed him slowly, with love and adoration, dedicating himself to taste his lips gently. Tony felt being loved. And he loved Steve so deeply, what he knew of him and what he was yet to know. They would have time to get lost on the road, but also to meet again knowing much more about each other.
«Please...» And it was the last word he could say before being hit. Steve did not see where it came from this time. He only felt how his chest burned and hurt from the impact. He felt out of breath and thought for a moment he was dreaming, because the mechanic sound was near him now. From the distance the voice could be heard,
"You are great man, Steve,” Tony told him with emphasis. “With your invincible integrity and unbreakable principles,” he said teasing him and saw Steve's shy smile. “You're the bravest man I've ever met in my life," he said sincerely.
Despite that, Steve explained him he needed to go to the hotel where he stayed the previous night. He really didn't want to distance himself from Tony, but he knew they should take a moment to think about what had happened. Steve would leave, try to rest a little, maybe eat something and in the morning he would return.
could make it sound so sensual. Immediately, an overwhelming electricity ran through his entire body, and he had to tell his heart to stop beating so fast. He closed his eyes taking a deep breath. In a few seconds, he heard his steps slowly approaching. Tony did not move from his position and felt he stood behind him very near while his hands took him by the waist to bring him closer. Those arms were slowly wrapping him until his hands rested on his chest, but Tony still did not move. He wanted to enjoy that moment and only feel his presence. He closed his eyes once more when he felt his breathing as he hid his head in his neck. Another seconds later and he felt how those lips he missed so much kissed him softly.
"Tony?" Pepper asked with tears in her eyes.
«There wouldn't be needed any correction. I'm sure of that,» Tony replied looking at the screen. «I'm going to connect the rest and then we go to the hangar.»
After a few games and more beers, Tony felt he needed some fresh air and headed to one of the gardens. Besides, Thor and his trick drink did blunt his head. He shouldn't have listened to him. He walked until he reached the center of the garden and closed his eyes as he tried feeling the floor was not spinning.
"If I were you, I wouldn't drink that," Bruce warned him when Tony gave him one of the beers.
Steve and Tony looked at each other again. Tony wanted explanations.
, and an immense pain gripped his heart.
," he had said jokingly to Tony. They bought bags that kept the cold because the midday heat was already giving everything of itself. Lacking little to get to the cabin, both were heated and sweating. Steve looked at the lake and his face lit up completely.
"Yeah, well try to shave my beard. It's just about continuing the line," Tony joked to change the subject and saw Steve smiled. "I'll see you in the meeting room."
"No," Tony said quietly.
"Most likely they will kill him," Natasha said convinced.
"Tony. Tony wake up," Steve could be heard far away.
«I did, with all of me» Steve replied, still looking at him.
"Congratulations, Love," Steve whispered in his ear. They were at the reception waiting for the others who had gone for some drinks.
"It was Rhodey. He needed me to help him with some improvements in his suit. I think it's something from the government, they want to change it," Tony interrupted his thoughts.
The door opened and he got out, but a heavy punch to his face knocked him down.
"I don't know how strong I can be when it comes to him," Steve lowered his head.
“It's the front gate,” Natasha replied astonished.
"Strange made you come to the races," Tony said looking at him and raising an eyebrow.
"Me too. You arranged everything in Wakanda. Did you have a good trip?" Tony asked.
," now Tony licked his neck while his hands sought the closure of Steve pants. "
"The first days I felt an uncommon anxiety like I had never felt in my life," Steve began to explain. "Until Nat gave me a cup of coffee, and I felt I came back to life."
"It's the front gate," Tony heard Natasha replied in a tone of astonishment.
Tony tapped his reactor, and the Iron man suit covered him.
"It can't be for a long time. It shouldn't be for a long time, but I can take you to the previous day," Strange replied.
"Good morning," Steve said at the door.
"Please, I need to be alone. I'll explain later, yes?" Tony told him defeated.
"Good, that's good. What time would it be? We are going to connect with Wakanda too. I suppose," Steve said stepping out and looking at the floor.
Steve smiled embarrassed.
Tony kissed him on the cheek. "We're going to beat Daddy this time, aren't we?" he asked as he put him back on the floor. "Give me five." Tony saw him run to Steve who was putting together the soccer goal in the yard with the help of Peter.
Steve stroked his face again. "Are you OK?"
"Is he alright?" Tony asked and saw Bruce look at Pepper. He looked at her too, but she lowered her head and caressed his hand.
"Rhodey, we have about 40 seconds to get them out. Where the hell is Romanoff?" Tony asked him in dismay.
«I don't fucking know why I agreed to come exercising with you two,» Steve heard Sam yelled in the distance.
Because he was…
are the only reason why I am here. And the idea was you didn't notice, nobody realized I was here. I was going to see you from a distance, but I miscalculated everything, and you saw me. Now I am here, but I should return before this gets out of control because...»
"You both have to visit me more often in New Asgard. I could introduce you to some pretty girls over there," Thor kept talking excited, and definitely unnoticed of what just happened. Tony couldn't see Steve to the face, and when they entered the lounge again, he immediately went to where Rhodey was.
He needed a drink, or at least take some air. He had to calm down. All of a sudden, he went out through the door without addressing Steve. And to be fair, at that precise moment he could not see him in the face.
"Banner, where are you going?" Tony asked him.
"Sure. I think I had promised Khean I would help, and we already know what would happen if I don't," Steve said grinning.
«I do, it's really beautiful» Steve answered trying to sound the most natural he could. Nevertheless, Tony smart as always, noticed the restlessness of his voice although he did not say anything.
"Oh, sure, will you help him then?" Steve asked him. He knew it was a rather silly question, but he couldn't think of anything else to say.
"I love you, Steve," Tony said looking into his eyes for the last time.
"So, you went from fighting to getting married, huh?" Sam said, frowning.
"Sir, Sarah Mckhan is on the phone, do you want me to communicate with her?" Friday asked.
"Hey, it's fine. If you want, let's go outside for some air," Rhodey said softly.
