He transferred to college at fourteen, and Sherlock found the students to be incompetent and not worth the time to socialize with. He spent his college years studying and experimenting. Several years after graduating from college, he began solving cases for the NSY—though they didn’t ask for his assistance at first, they slowly sought his aide. They came to see his remarkable talents of deduction.
John’s eyes widened for an instant, stunned Sherlock so effortlessly deduced his desires, even when the omega was injured.
“I know enough.” John turned to stare at the wall to his side, realizing as much as he detested admitting it, that Mycroft was right. But his pride wouldn’t let him acknowledge such.
Setting a bouquet of flowers before the grave of his only love, John clung to their frayed bond. A warm, small hand reached out and took hold of his own and John turned to face the blond woman beside him. Mary Morstan. John didn’t know what he’d do without her, and squeezed her hand in gratitude.
“You smell so good.” Sherlock huskily admired, nuzzling the trail of dark hair leading south and nosed deep in a thatch of pubic hair, breathing in perceptibly.
John laid himself entirely naked on the bed and focused on his other senses. He scented when Sherlock pulled away and heard his soft feet pad along the floor. He heard the opening of a drawer, and noticed the strengthening of Sherlock’s scent as he neared the bed. He felt the dip of the bed as Sherlock sat himself on it once more. Sherlock moved slowly to lay himself beside John on the bed and John nervously awaited what was to follow.
Lestrade paused. Mycroft sounded so formal and he hated it. Regardless of this, Lestrade seated himself and stared across from the voiceless gentleman, waiting for him to speak.
That wasn't how he planned on confessing. He wanted to wine and dine John. Romance him slowly. Although music played in the background, his deliverance was lacking the finesse he'd imagined in his head. But there it was. His stupid mouth and hormones too impatient to make grand gestures and romance John into his confession.
All at once there came the strident clacking of shoes hitting stairs and a moment later someone was banging on the door. John and Sherlock stared at the door with question.
, you wouldn't believe how many police officers he's pissed off because of his arrogant brilliance." John laughed and Mary giggled amused.
"If you divorce your beta, then, and only then, will I believe you." Sherlock might be asking for too much, but he didn't think he was. It should have been his place as his true mate's spouse. That beta stole what was rightfully his. He had every right to demand what should have been his. If the alpha truly cared for him, he'd divorce for him. Many alphas who'd foolishly married before they met their true mates divorced their spouses in recompense for their injustice to their true mate. It was easy once the alpha met their true mate. They'd felt the instantaneous connection and needed no one else but their true mate.
“Sherlock.” John whimpered, one hand fisting the back of a silk robe, the fingers of his other hand running through soft tresses and fisting a handful of hair with desperation.
Sherlock said nothing, looking panicked and John suspected he knew the reason why, but it did nothing to soothe the pang in his chest.
Sherlock didn’t return for a long while and John’s arousal dwindled down to nothing in that time, the stress weighing heavily on his shoulders and eliminating him of any excitement.
Lessons on mating, really? John knew how sex worked. He was a doctor for Christ’s sake. But… He’d never…with anyone, so… There were things books didn’t necessarily teach and John honestly didn’t really know much about alpha and omega rut/heat cycles, apart from alpha’s mounted an omega and that omegas were to be knotted to ensure impregnation.
The next day Mr. and Mrs. Holmes came by and their visit nearly broke John. Mr. Holmes didn’t smell exactly like Sherlock, but Mr. and Mrs. Holmes scent combined gave off hints of Sherlock’s scent and John couldn’t stop himself from breaking down and crying. Mrs. Holmes understood, and for a long while Mr. and Mrs. Holmes sat on either side of him. Mr. Holmes gave off his alpha pheromones while Mrs. Holmes held John and allowed him to sob into her neck while she rubbed his back. She promised that the pain wouldn’t last, that things would work out when all was right, and John would be happy again. John didn’t believe her, but she sounded so sure, that John
After betas were created, the abundance of omegas steadily decreased. Alphas mated with betas as all omegas that remained were soon bonded with. It came to pass that an omega was promised to a worthy alpha by the age of five and they were to bond/marry after the omega reached their second heat cycle. The parents of an omega were substantially rewarded for their offered/sacrificed omega.
When John made it downstairs he wasn’t expecting to find Sherlock pacing along the landing of the staircase. The omega’s head downcast, eyes tense with thought, brows furrowed deeply, his hand at his sides clenching and unclenching. John stared for a moment longer than he should have, then glanced at the ground and cleared his throat, breaking Sherlock from his thoughts long enough that his pacing stilled when he took notice of him.
"Yes." Gregory rasped, leaning forwards, pressing his chest into the space of Mycroft's own. Raising his other hand up, Gregory cupped the startled alpha's cheek in his hand and leaned further in.
"You should have called me. I know how to handle his tantrums, one way is never giving in to his absurd demands, which I'd foolishly thought you smart enough not to do."
John retrieved one of Sherlock’s black socks and raised it for a closer inspection, the fabric was soft to the touch and the material shinned appealingly. Sure the fabric was nice, but was it really worth spending so much? John didn’t think so. Huffing faintly, wondering why it even bothered him, John began setting it back down, but then something caught his eye.
John’s eyes snapped open and stared directly up into the burning red face of his shy husband giving him the greatest pleasure he’d yet to feel. Sherlock’s eyes were innocent, timid, and full of want. John keened another garbled mess of nonexistent words, voicing his want and warning of having too much. A hand rose up to fist through the mess of dark curls before him and John yanked Sherlock’s face close, panting into his mouth, eyes widening with the edging of orgasm.
“Why did you even marry me?” Sherlock's voice was overwrought with grief, and John was bewildered when he noticed within the dim lighting the moon casted over their forms, the alpha was trembling.
Sherlock’s features softened, almost pained by the omega’s words and he suddenly found himself cradled in Sherlock’s long arms.
Why is it that I have to give you a chance when you abandoned me? You fucked the world while I waited for you. You married while I lost my mind. You gave that
Sherlock gave a low chuckle, his grip on John's hair lightening to instead stroke kindly at his tender scalp, while his other hand lowered to caress the alpha's chest, watching him heave large breaths as he slowly wrung out the last drops of release from his wilting cock.
“No debt to owe, John.” Sherlock comforted, arms wrapping around John and bringing him in a tight embrace.
His mind was a tattered mess that had been somewhat repaired with his bonding to the alpha, but it was going to take years - if it were even possible - for Sherlock to be the way he'd been before his omega began shutting down.
It wasn't love. Or maybe it was and Sherlock just didn't realize it. What it proved for certain was that Sherlock does have the capacity to feel something. That... John smiled weakly, knowing it wasn't a easy road ahead of them, but he could handle this.
Sherlock never pulled away from John’s touches, but he did tense when in public and appeared uneasy when officers around them took notice. John wished Sherlock wasn’t so reserved or cautious about his touches when in public, but Sherlock wasn’t exactly the same as he’d once been.
But there was one doctor that did give John some hope. Beth Swartz had been Sherlock's behavioralist, and she was the one who attentively listened to John's situation with more thoughtfulness. She thought he should approach Sherlock's omega in a more primal way. To appeal to his wolf side, for when an omega was shifted and in their wolf form their omega was more dominant.
John never forgot Harry’s request for him to register and find an omega who loved him. He knew that wouldn’t ever happen, but he needed to ask Sherlock this one thing—pretend to be the omega that loved him for his sister, but how could he?
John shook his head, hating himself for having lost complete control, but he wasn’t himself, he hadn’t been himself since he’d woken that morning and heat struck. He was no longer in full control; his omega side was coming out in waves. A shameful part of himself he kept dormant for the majority of his life, was released during heat cycles. It was the one time that his omega side reigned.
"No, it's not." Sherlock fought the needs of his body and tensed up his pelvis, refusing to let himself give.
“Sherlock… Is this about last night? I… I’m sorry if I made you uncomfortable.” John said, attempting to amend his mistake.
“I don’t deserve you. You’ve been so kind…open. You aren’t an average man. You are more than I deserve. I’ve proved myself unworthy of you and still you love me? You’ve been an angel to me, protecting and watching over me. How did I repay the kindness you showed? I rejected you. I hurt you. How can I possibly accept you now? I feel so much shame. I don’t deserve you as a husband. I lost the right the moment I hurt you.” John murmured brokenly.
An omega wasn't meant to be alone. By age 30 their fertility decreased. Without a mate, they grew temperamental, delusional, and finally they either lost their mind or died. Sherlock wasn't any different. He'd become temperamental, started speaking with voices that did not exist. It got so bad, Mycroft had committed him, and began a desperate search for his true mate, like he'd never done before.
Gregory had always known he wasn’t completely straight. Although he’d never acted on his desires, he would notice a handsome man, and he’d wonder what it would feel like to embrace them. His cock would jolt with the sudden thought of touching and being touched by a man, and whenever he thought of that man being Mycroft…
“Yes, John. It’s understandable you would require my assistance. If you’re finished eating, we can speak now.” Mycroft offered, courteously.
“John.” Sherlock said at a loss for words, instead wedging an arm under John’s upper back and the bed to bring him in a half embrace, his other hand stroking the beads of sweat from John’s forehead.
Only when he’d entered their room did he fully comprehend what Sherlock had offered to do. John’s red face burned hotter at the very idea of… John knew their sexual life was rather dull and they’d only done anything sexual once after his heat. To think about doing something like that again… John hadn’t thought about sex with Sherlock. It wasn’t like he wasn’t attracted to the alpha, because he was. He
Running one hand up and down Sherlock’s tattered back, John twiddled the alpha’s hair with the fingers of his other hand, and he felt himself drift off into a cloud of comfort and peace. John’s caresses dawdled as he settled into a peaceful rejuvenating darkness. The last thing he heard before sleep claimed him was a tormented whimper of, "
"I know it was you." Sherlock snapped, angry that John was still trying to pretend he wasn't the one who shot the cab driver to save his life. "Why do it? You... Why?"
Turning his head to the side and away from the pained alpha, Sherlock blinked his eyes, quickly righting himself. Reigning in the pain within and hurriedly wiping his face dry. When he turned to meet John's gaze once more his face was dry, his features gave no sign of his inner turmoil, yet his scent did not change. There was no fooling the alpha.
“I… I… I should have listened to you when you’d called. I shouldn’t have left. If I’d stayed… You’d still...”
"You think because you are kind, understanding, and patient, that I would love you in return? You must think because I'm an unattractive omega that I will submit to the first alpha that shows an interest in me? You are wrong! I refuse to allow anyone to possess me!"
Gregory Lestrade lived a sad, lonely life. Even after he got married, he still felt alone. Jean was a wonderful woman, but not without her faults. If he was being truly honest with himself, Gregory had proposed to Jean out of a sense of obligation.
A hundred or so guests, wearing elegant dresses and fine suits were seated and waiting for the ceremony to begin. Under the rose arch stood a priest, wearing all black, the white of his clerical collar even visible from so far away. He wore a kind smile and held his bible close to his chest. He was young with a delicate boyish look to him, barely old enough to be considered a man.
Placing his hand across the counter of the bar as a subtle way of balancing himself, the alcohol vibrating through him, Gregory decided, ‘why not?’ Why couldn’t he have a one night stand? Was it so horrible? Mycroft would never want him, so what was he supposed to do? Wait around for his whole bloody life for something that might never happen?
Sherlock’s shoulders tensed and finally he turned around to face him. Piercing blue eyes stared at him incredulously.
"I'm sorry for that, but... I was lonely. You and I, we weren't... and you were never clear how you felt, but I know I was wrong. I shouldn't have done that. I was drunk, Mycroft. I did something foolish and I regret it. I regret because of my mistake... I've hurt you and made it hard for you to ever want anything. Given what happened to your omega, I can only imagine--"
John took Sherlock’s hand in both of his and pressed kind kisses to his knuckles as Dr. Levy lubed up the wand in her hand.
John would sleep alone in his room, knowing Sherlock would be holding and scenting another in another room.
“Well that explains things.” Lestrade said with less anger as he glanced back over to Sherlock who made it a point to stare at the ceiling, uninterested, rather than meet the smirk on Lestrade’s face.
"Nungh!" John grunted, gritting his teeth together, his briefs feeling too tight, and suddenly they were dampening, cotton soaking up the copious amount of pre-come the head of his cock spouted. Later, when John could think clearly he'd be mortified that his body had responded so readily, but the scent was the cause. It was driving him wild.
God, maybe he just wasn't good enough. Sherlock couldn't be blamed for having taste. He came from a family that had given him everything he'd ever wanted, and now he'd had to settle for someone like John.
Mary smiled weakly. "He is your alpha. I love you and I want you to be happy. If... If reconciling with your husband will do it then..."
For one moment Sherlock was compliantly still, but in the next he went wild under John. Claws dug against John's forearms, shoving, pushing and struggling to get away, because he couldn't do this. Not when faced with
"Welcome home, dear." John greeted lovingly, opening the door, but froze when he realized it was not Sherlock beyond the door.
“Hush John. It’s okay. I’m here.” Sherlock cooed sweetly, a hand moving to card through his hair, soothing and loving.
"I don't care what you do to me. Just leave Sherlock alone." John ordered. Finding he'd said all he'd wanted, John turned on his heel and went back the way he came. He'd left Sherlock in a room full of wolves and he needed to get back to him.
John stared at the wild look in Sherlock's eyes, the smile on his pale lips, and knew that whatever Sherlock had planned for him would be far more worse than he could imagine.
“Mm.” John moaned feebly, burying his face into the alpha’s chest, and shoved his nose harshly there. He fought to keep the cries within and his shoulders shook with his effort.
John wasn’t sure what it had been. This whole ordeal with Irene had worn him out, body and soul. As he lay across from Sherlock in their bed that didn’t seem quite like theirs anymore. After they’d found Irene in their bed, John had angrily washed the sheets four times, but the memory of Irene lying in their bed sent John raging. Eventually, he’d thrown the bedding away and replaced it with a new set. John glared at Sherlock that night daring him to say something in regards to the change, but Sherlock simply stared at the bedding, then at John, before breaking eye contact and getting in bed.
The alpha held tightly to Sherlock's shoulders, his nuzzling drifting to one side of the omega's temple to inhale his scent with need.
A deep rumbling broke the momentary calm and John fixed his eyes on Sherlock, the alpha glaring at Mycroft.
Sherlock Holmes stood at the doorway. A Mexican take-out bag lay on the ground. John's heart constricted painfully as he met tear-stained silver eyes and felt as if his world were crumbling.
But it annoyed him. It made Sherlock so angry seeing the change in John. Seeing the way John gave up trying to form a
Large delicate hands brushed along his hips and John gasped keenly when fingers hooked over the waistband of his slacks and pants. With one solid motion Sherlock dragged them down. John wordlessly lifted his hips to assist in their removal and shortly after heard his clothes fall to the side of the bed.
“Sofa, Sherlock. It was the sofa.” Mycroft intervened, sensing the tension and in his own way, trying to amend it.
“Next time, ask before you throw something of mine away.” Sherlock growled and went back into the room.
He kneeled at the foot of the bed and set Sherlock gently onto the comforter. Sherlock shuffled away from John the moment he had the chance and scooted towards the center of the bed.
Moriarty exhaled a heavy breath, the look of disappointment marring his features as he stared at Sherlock. Silently contemplating his options.
" Sherlock's voice wavered and tears were suddenly blurring John's sight because he knew it was his fault his alpha was close to crying.
Biting his bottom lip, John shivered against Sherlock’s touch, and inhaled sharply, scenting the strength of two arousals within the room.
“I hate you. I could never love an alpha.” John shoved Sherlock away and finally walked passed the trembling, sickly pale man.
John opened his glistening eyes and met those needy sea green, and letting out a broken sob of grief, he lunged forward and claimed Sherlock’s lips. He kissed him with a need unparallel to any other and then his hands were carding through sweat-damp locks and his teeth nipped at kissed-bruised lips. Sherlock’s arms encircled John close to him and rolled him over.
“I’m sorry, John.” Sherlock rasped after a long time of silence. Raising a hand to run through dark curls, Sherlock’s ever-poised posture, indelicately slouched. “I don’t know what’s wrong with me. This isn’t me.
This was becoming strange. As Sherlock continued stroking John's cock the alpha rumbled against him with pleasure and nudged his nose harder against Sherlock's head of hair. This was not what he had planned for. Of course he knew that in order to have John achieve an erection he would need to lay on some tender touches, but for the alpha to place his own tender touches on him was not what he had planned for. This would not do, but he needed this to be done and over quick. Next time he would need to address this.
Perhaps if he allowed the alpha to care for him, spent his nights scenting with his true mate, and bedded him, the voices would cease? Sherlock refused that idea. He'd never share his body with the adulterous cad, even if it meant completing the bond and healing his mind fully.
“Oh.” John wasn’t sure how he should feel about this. He knew he’d essentially been bribed to marry Sherlock, but the idea that Sherlock was marrying him because of a technicality… It felt too cruel.
Sherlock glared at Mycroft, knowing his brother would follow his threat with action. No hesitation. The idea of being locked in
“I… had to get you back. Every attempt I made was futile. I couldn’t get you back unless I… I needed you and it doesn’t matter John. Please. Please, understand I’d do it again. I don’t care what people think of me. I don’t care what the world will say. I just need you, John.”
It was nice though. Though it caused him quite a lot of internal conflict to admit it to himself. It was really nice. John was warm. His touch tender. His words soothing. His scent consuming. His care welcomed.
“Please John.” Harry spoke throatily, clasping a hold of his arm and squeezing tight. “It makes me sad knowing you’re alone. I don’t want you to be living like this anymore.”
John should have felt relief when he drifted off to sleep as the sun rose, but all he’d felt was forsaken. The pained soft whimpers that broke through clenched teeth as he forced himself to sleep were little comfort.
The alpha's eyes slowly drew shut, and remained so as he inhaled a deep breath and began removing his articles of clothing in the deadly silent flat. When he stood before the omega in nothing but his skin, the alpha's eyes at last opened as he stared helplessly at him. The alpha had conceded and there was no words that needed to be said to know that what the omega willed... so would the alpha do.
Sherlock shifted, knees pulling up until he was kneeling low, sucking fervently, head bobbing slow and powerfully as one hand lowered to shove his sleeping slacks down enough and allowing his heavy cock to spring out. Sherlock took himself in hand and began stroking delicately at himself groaning happily, mouth full of John’s cock as he did so.
“Sherlock.” John quivered, eyes gleaming, mouth parting in a breathless exhale, letting go, feeling something within break, burst into a million pieces as he came. Hot pearly cum coated his chest.
"Want all your pups." Sherlock smiled down at John, gifting the alpha with the rarity of such an open and tender expression. John would not take it for granted.
He could recall falling asleep after coming to terms with the truth of Sherlock’s rejection. Sherlock hadn’t wanted to spend his heat with him… Then… Then… John woke soaked in slick and he’d…
His omega should be feeling content with the knowledge he'd been claimed, but he wasn't. His omega side was curled up within, whimpering in distress. His mind was a fog of lies and illusions that weren't real. His mind palace was destroyed, frayed and the foundation of it were barely holding together.
I am able. You will sleep in the spare. If we consummate our bond, then you can go back to your wife for all your sex. If you need to do things in bed she does not wish to, then find a rent boy, or a third. I don't care. I will only let you defile my body with your kinks once and only once, if I can stomach it."
“There you two are! What do you think you are doing? You have a reception to go to.” Mrs. Holmes rambled on as she entered the room and went straight to Sherlock, grabbing his arm and pulling him from off his seat.
“Sherlock, I’m sorry.” John finally spoke with great remorse. He’d take Sherlock’s rants eagerly, knowing he’d fucked up. “I understood.
“John?” Sherlock called, unease laced in his voice. Sherlock didn’t understand, he couldn’t see the pain John was hiding, but John was sure Sherlock scented his distress.
John glared up at Sherlock, their witnesses whispering behind them. John glanced over to Sherlock’s family. Mrs. Holmes was currently rubbing her throbbing left temple with her fingers, Mr. Holmes was staring at Sherlock with such disappointment, and Mycroft, the twit, was smugly grinning from ear to ear.
"Oh, breed..." Sherlock whimpered, eyes shutting tight, lips parting in a wet exhale, a painful emptiness wracked through him, as if reminding him of what his body needed and he knew.
Sherlock rose from John’s chair and headed back to their room, intent on putting on some clothes now that his work was done, and smiled smugly.
John stared at the annoyed grimace on the man’s face, in disbelief. So many times had his parents pled with Mr. Porter to take action on the boys tormenting John, but he never did. These specific boys came from wealthy families and John just knew they’d bought the principle’s favor. The most Mr. Porter had ever done was send them to detention, and that was only when there had been more than a handful of witnesses to see the bullying inflicted. John left the principal’s office in a complete daze.
“Geek Interpreter. What’s that?” Sherlock asked, leaning over John’s shoulder to read what he had typed so far on his blog.
The car ride was made in complete silence. John was thankful for this and spent the drive staring out the window, seeing but not comprehending. The alpha did the same and John thought if their marriage was spent in stillness, it wouldn’t be all that bad. Sure, every three months he’d have to endure his heat with his alpha, but the rest of his time could be spent like this. During these times John could live his life as if he weren’t married. That was a pleasant thought.
"Oh yes. I'm done. I'm done with everything." Sherlock turned to head to his room, but paused when the alpha called out to him again.
John felt as if he would die from the pleasure that was building, filling him so completely he’d die from the sensory overload. Pleasure was a formidable weapon.
“Now this might feel a little uncomfortable, but I’ll go slowly.” Dr. Levy then began to insert the wand and John hitched a breath.
“I actually wouldn’t mind. I’m a beta Sherlock, and although I wouldn’t complain if you could still knot me, I… It’d be nice to do it this way too.”
Mycroft made it to the omega wing and noticed two familiar figures standing in the waiting room: Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade.
John swallowed heavily. Maybe he was wrong. Maybe this was the moment he’d been waiting for. Maybe John should just say it now.
“No. Alright, stop it now.” John didn’t believe that. He couldn’t. He’d worked beside Sherlock this whole time; he saw how he deduced people and cases time and time again. John was going up there and he’d talk Sherlock straight.
Sherlock dropped his scalpel to the table when he glanced once more at the clock and read 11:55PM. He prided himself in deductions and he’d deduced John’s clothing before he’d left—he’d been dressed to go out, and he went out with Lestrade. Each time John went out with Lestrade, no matter where they went, John always,
John knew it didn't necessarily amend his faults and wrongs of doing this one thing, but this one thing he needed, and Sherlock was allowing it, though it didn't make it easy on his husband.
The removal of his knot and cutting his tubes was something he was still trying to come to terms with. It wasn’t that he regretted it, but the change would be something that took some time to accept. He could never knot John, never tie them together in that way that made the inner alpha within feel at peace.
“Is it because of the scenting phase? I don’t see why it’s needed. I married him and let him place the bond bite, no matter how many showers I take, his scent will never leave me.” John snarled the last part, realizing this shortly after showering that morning.
Sherlock committed murder for John. Correction. Sherlock had committed murder for John and Mary, so that they could be together, and that hurt. John couldn't wipe the image of that night from his mind, not because of Magnussen's brains spraying the concrete, but because of the look of defeat in Sherlock's eyes. He'd given up on them and now wished him the best with Mary.
As Sherlock and Jeff raised their respected pills closer to their mouths, John focused on his breathing, calming himself. Slow measured breaths filling and exiting as he raised his gun, aimed, and fired.
Setting his things on the counter, he retrieved the ones most agreeable to his preferences and entered the shower. For long moments John just let the heated water spray his body, slowly soothing the tension. A maid must have done it. An alpha wouldn’t concern themselves over their omega’s comfort. Once John finished showering and readied himself for bed, he shut off the lights and slipped under the covers and stared at nothing, lost in thought.
"And frankly a bloody awful cabbie." John didn't know why he'd said it. Teasing and joking with one another was not something they did together, but John couldn't stop the thought from entering his mind and as soon as he said it, it was too late to take it back.
Maybe having sex would bring them closer, work through the distance and ineptness that was their marriage. John didn’t want that though. He wanted… he wanted to
"I'm aware. I'm clearly aware of how I disgust you with my feelings." John's anger flared. Because all this time he'd been kind and submissive for Sherlock and he'd been burned each time. This one thing of his he needed, Sherlock wished to deny him, and even when John tried to pacify the omega, he was left insulted.
John squinted his eyes shut, feeling the exact moment when pleasure far outweighed the pain and each agonizingly slow thrust after was another jolt igniting his desire, want, and need. A moan laced full of satisfaction ripped out of John, his lips parting to let out broken whines from the back of his throat.
“No, John. I… I told you I didn’t want this. Why did you stop your suppressants!?” Sherlock’s omega was quickly taking notice to the bitter fragrance of come filling the room, so thick, so…
"Shhh." John soothed, running his hands through the omega's wet curls, untangling them with his fingers.
"I need him. I need to fix this. I want to apologize for the pain I caused him, but he doesn't even remember how I hurt him."
Sherlock only wished now that he'd deleted those memories instead of burying them within his mind palace, hidden inside of a room near that of Moriarty. So many times he'd scoped his mind trying to recall the memories he'd lost, figure out why there were so many blank spaces in his memories. So many rooms he'd went through... except for the one that he needed.
Sherlock would have been undoubtedly angry with John, true, but that anger would have dulled over time. His understanding of why John did what he'd done would have reached past the anger and been accepted for what it had been. Extenuating circumstances and pure idiocy. And as he'd reassured John once before, when Sherlock was righted, he would eventually forgive John.
John didn’t want to talk. His body was burning. Without pause, John reached around him, took hold of the alpha’s cock before he guided Sherlock deep within him.
There were still staff at the estate; John noticed a few here and there tending to the home. John welcomed their presence; it gave him the illusion of not being completely alone, even though that was how he felt. Since he had the freedom to wander the residence without bumping into one of the Holmes’ John took this opportunity to explore.
John didn’t stop to ask what it was, simply took it and read it. It contained information about his intended. There was no photograph, but a brief physical description of the omega in question was given.
Mycroft ended the call and took his empty glass to his in-home bar and poured himself a double of scotch this time. His day just kept getting worse.
Sherlock felt a sudden warmth in the pit of his stomach and a need fill his chest. Strange that his chest would need something. But he needed something so much his heart pulsed painfully and his stomach churned with it in return.
Victor was a kind man, but he also held a strength of character and sarcasm that fit John's perfectly. They both enjoyed so many of the same things. The more they'd spoken the more John realized how lonely he'd currently felt. True, he'd always been social, but now, spending some time with Victor had made John realize, that since he'd left the army, he'd only had Harry, and to a certain extent Sherlock.
“Show off.” John grumbled shyly when Sherlock pulled away enough to and then moaned happily as Sherlock stroked at his hair and his other hand palmed his cheek, cupping it lovingly.
Or maybe Sherlock was thinking too much. Trying to control too much. Why was it wrong for them to be together in the sense married mates should be? Was it so wrong to want more? John understood it was difficult for Sherlock to express himself. John knew Sherlock more deeply than anyone else, so maybe...
Sherlock stared out the window of the living room overlooking the busy city, pedestrians walking the sidewalks, cars speeding down the streets, and morbidly wondered what John was doing with Lestrade that very moment.
"No. I'm not... I... You..." Sherlock's hands lay uselessly at his sides, clenching and unclenching around air.
Now though… Staring up at this omega, tall, lean, pale, with the most fascinating shade of blue eyes (the color changing ever as he further entered the room), thin lips with the most appealing of cupid’s bow John had ever seen, fierceness in his glare, shyness in his approach, scent of vanilla, toasted sugar, and cocoa, John began to believe. This… John swallowed thickly, immediately drawn to the man…
“Up.” John ordered in a harsh grunt, and without hesitation Sherlock sat himself up and John shoved Sherlock’s jacket and shirt off from his shoulders to his arms, before tossing them to the side of the bed.
“Sherlock.” John pled, jutting his neglected cock against the blanketed round ass before him, and ducked his head down to bite into the cotton of the sheets, muffling the desperate cry that filled the room.
"You're bloody brilliant." Sherlock rasped and John tipped his forehead foreward, pressing his against Sherlock's own, in acceptance of that lovely complement.
When a hand landed on his upper thigh and long fingers splayed out comfortably, John sat up straight in his chair and whipped his head around to face Sherlock. The alpha met his stare nonchalantly, forked a strawberry and took a bite of it.
John refused to release Sherlock’s hair from his grasp and fondly stroked the alpha’s scalp, feather-light hair tickling his fingers each stroke he made. His other hand trailed at the nape of his neck, fiddling with the short hair that was there as he stared up into beautiful blue depths with such care.
"I'm sorry sir, I know you said you didn't want to be bothered, but um... D.I. Lestrade from the NSY is here."
Mycroft, the pompous ass, sat behind his desk. Leaning forward, the government official clasped his hands on top of the polished wood and flashed a look of disapproval to a livid Sherlock. The consultant was forcibly restrained in the chair across from him. Two agents gripped his shoulders and lower arms, keeping their hold tight. Their focus was clearly on Sherlock, they would not allow him to lunge at the gentleman as he'd attempted to do moments earlier.
John stared at the display of hostility coming from his intended and his future brother-in-law with dismay. Then those cold unfeeling silver blue eyes flared in his direction and the omega snapped his fangs in his direction, trying to intimidate him. John glanced down at the omega’s trembling hands that shook the table ever so slightly and to the extended claws tearing at the table cloth.
Sherlock's brows furrowed with confusion. Unable to comprehend why... how... John would even want to? They were already bonded. There was no need for courtship. How could John ask him after everything? Sherlock wanted to laugh at the very idea of it. He wanted to chastise John for even thinking for a moment he'd actually say yes.
Clutching tightly to his cane, attempting to steel himself with resolve, John stared at the cane through the mirror with hate. Hating himself. When John was sent back home invalid, his parents had given him four months to recover before they’d begun to plan his wedding with his intended’s parents. John couldn’t stop them; knowing there was no way out and he’d grown tired of trying to fight the inevitable. He’d been sold long ago and now was the day he’d pay for it.
The cases kept coming and John assisted Sherlock time and time again. Their fan base grew and slowly, John felt himself grow comfortable in the strangeness that became their marriage. Legally they were married, physically bonded, but now they lived more like flat mates who happened to share a bed.
Planting his hand over his stomach John slid the gray cotton of his shirt up and ran the pads of his fingers over the welt of his surgical scar. His breathing grew unsteady with the mixture of emotions that filled him. The scar would never diminish, always would it remain a lengthy red mark of what he’d lost, but still—through the pain of his loss, there were other memories. The memories of Sherlock placing affection on his stomach, of the tender kisses that Sherlock had and still did place there, even after their loss, and the memory of what they’d been able to create together.
” John slurred, hands dragging lower to clamp desperately at the alpha’s back, seeking purchase, for something to hold on tightly to and solidify himself. He felt light; he was soaring high, losing himself to the buildup of bliss and knowing that there was
"Breed." Sherlock moaned, turning and dipping his nose against the alpha's temple, scenting musk, and thrilling with the knowledge he would be packed full of his John's seed.
"I... I really... do love you." Mary choked out beyond the smile she wore to hide her pain, eyes warm and wet with feelings John could never return.
Still... Introducing one's secreted husband as one's bond mate to someone as important as Harry was to John... Well, that was rather nervewracking.
John cried, face buried against Sherlock’s neck, scenting messily. As John’s sobs softened, tears slowing, John insistently nosed his neck, hands stroking at his back with more fondness and care than John had ever demonstrated. Sherlock’s face heated, ashamed of himself when with the needing caresses John laid on him, his libido spurred to life.
The banging at the door started up again and John gave in when Sherlock refused to rekindle their activities. John glared up at Sherlock whose cold eyes were focused on the door. John discontentedly lowered his leg and he at last released Sherlock.
“I… I don’t feel like myself, because all I can think about is you.” Sherlock admitted warily, at a complete loss.
, John told himself. This life wasn’t worth living. Being bullied, forced to marry a cruel alpha, and then being raped for the rest of his life and giving his tormentor children wasn’t living. So, John had decided then it would end. He began to weigh his options and came to his decision one evening as he and Harry drove around town. Staring out the window at St Bart’s Hospital’s rooftop, John decided that would be how he ended it.
Sherlock refused to have them here showing off their love, making him feel obscure in comparison. This wasn't fair. It just wasn't!
John’s omega whined urgently for himself to back down now, sensing the alpha’s displeasure at his words, but John didn’t want to—This Lestrade was going too far.
“No you don’t.” John shook his head and slammed his eyes shut. “How can you want me now? Didn’t you hear Dr. Levy? I can’t offer you what I was intended for.”
“Full time occupation I imagine.” Harry answered humorously, and after greeting John, he then turned to regard Sherlock. “You look taller in your photographs.”
Though John hadn’t cared for the money Mycroft had offered him and thought that discussion was at an end, it would seem not. The amount in his account was jaw-droopingly too bloody much! It was enough money that John could go the rest of his life never working and live in luxury. Hell, it was enough to buy an island… dozens of islands.
"Yeah?" John felt momentarily embarrassed by the way the insecurity of his inquiry trembled, but then the omega leaned down and slid his hands up from his chest to cup his face tenderly.
When John finished exploring downstairs he went up to the east wing. The north, south, and west wing carried no interest for him. He had no real reason to go to them, but for Mycroft’s office in the west, except he knew where that was already. Sherlock gave him permission to look through the east wing already, so John didn’t feel guilty when he went into each room.
.” John glowered, his words hostile and full of animosity. How could he have been expected to marry at that time?
Harry rushed to the driver’s seat, buckled up, and the car revved with life. John knew she was speeding down the winding roads of the country, but John’s focus was on steadying his breathing and the racing of his heart.
Sherlock felt heat rise to his face, as he allowed John to lead him to the bed. Moments later he found himself laying on his stomach, face buried deep into his pillow, his shirt drawn up and John's oiled hands rubbing along the tense muscles of his lower back.
“Hmm?” Sherlock nosed John’s brow, scenting him further, though there was no need for it. John already smelled of Sherlock, and now their combined scents were strengthening with the progression of the sexual relations with one another.
He decided to let it remain and took to eating his meal set before him. As he ate, his parents and in-laws began conversing. Even as John ate he took note of his alpha turning to his best man and began speaking in hushed tones as to not let the others hear them and John felt aggravation bloom within him.
Sherlock's lips thinned with disapproval at the request, but nevertheless, the omega obeyed and worked open the buttons of his shirt. Each new skin being revealed made John shiver in want of seeing just how his husband looked now in his new body. John had only seen bits and pieces of Sherlock since his pregnancy, but It excited him to see just how large his Sherlock had become.
“I didn’t get married. I was never going to marry the omega my parents introduced me to. I’d chosen her out of the many candidates, because she was the youngest and wanted to finish her schooling before we would bond. It gave me time.” Sherlock started and John felt the sudden need to sit himself down, and quickly stumbled to a nearby chair where he watched Sherlock pace the floor of his living room.
John wasn’t handsome and because he didn’t look like a typical alpha he wasn’t approached by many suitors. Most liked to believe alphas that looked like John weren’t virile. Those who did approach him did so out of curiosity, wanting to test such theories. John ignored these advances.
I've shown you what I can do. I've cut loose all those people, all those little problems. Even thirty million quid just to get you to come out and play. So take this as a friendly warning, my dear. Back off. Although. I have loved this. This little game of ours, playing Jim from IT, playing gay—did you like the little touch with the underwear?”
“That was not necessary. Our arrangement wasn’t of our own doing. You hardly need to play the role of a good little omega.” Sherlock clinically surmised.
Sherlock hummed, appeased with John's rough fingers, rocking his hips against John's hand. He'd fuck John's hand until his alpha was hard enough to fuck him with his cock, because Sherlock was a slut for it. He told John as much and enjoyed the pained whine of the alpha submissive. He deserved to be teased and he'd keep teasing him, in the hopes it made him harden faster so that they could fuck, because Sherlock was hornier than a rabbit.
John knew all Sherlock wanted was out of this façade of a wedding and his melodramatic mother. He could understand Sherlock’s wish, but paused with the need to learn what Mycroft had to tell him.
"I..." Sherlock inhaled a large breath and exhaled the reason for his hesitation, "I'm not like you."
Sherlock's screaming had woken him from his sleep and John had found the omega having a conversation with what he believed was himself. A hallucination John had taken great efforts to snap Sherlock out of. He'd destroyed his omega's mind with his long absence and that was something John would never forgive himself for.
“You really enjoy spending time with him?” Sherlock huffed the moment Lestrade left their flat, glaring agitatedly at John
John, no matter how angry and hurt he was, needed to see Sherlock. They hadn’t spoken after the alpha rescued him from the fire. John knew he didn't owe Sherlock anything, but he couldn't stop himself this time.
"I said you don't understand, and instead of letting me explain myself, you leave, assuming false things in regards to my capacity for sentiment. You're an educated man, you shouldn't just walk out on me, knowing nothing of how I feel!" Sherlock was hollering with rage and all John could think was that Mrs. Hudson would be coming up if Sherlock didn't stop now.
Sherlock took that small form of comfort in a time where he felt completely out of his depth. When the doctor finally announced he was ready to start pushing, Sherlock was alone and scared. There was the doctor and two nurses with him, but Sherlock felt alone.
John discarded his wishes and so Sherlock was brought to his lowest point, his most desperate of points. He needed to woo John quickly, have him see just how important he was and so Sherlock had thrown everything at him, but nothing worked.
The alpha was just like the rest. No different. Deceiving John, and actually having him for one moment believing the lie. Damn what Sherlock said, he was just like the rest.
"John, meet Australian Shepherd and Bloodhound. I have yet to name them, so I've decided to call them by their breed names for now."
After preparing for bed, John slipped under the covers of the bed and laid himself in the middle. He listened as Sherlock entered the room later on that night and went to shower. When Sherlock exited the bathroom, he set his dirty clothes in the hamper within the closet before slipping under the sheets to join him.
John squeezed his eyes shut tight. Mycroft had played him and he’d foolishly put himself in the palm of the government official’s hand.
John pursed his lips, not liking to be ordered around. The alpha within being stubborn and recoiling from being ordered as if he were submissive, but his love for his omega made those initial reservations pale in the wake of his omega's pains.
Sherlock never touched himself here. This sex was only John's. It was made for John's fingers, his cock, and (Sherlock hoped, one day) John's mouth. Sherlock had rather enjoyed reading about how partners would share themselves in that way. Alphas
Mycroft demanded to know why John was on suppressants and Sherlock was treating him so coldly. John didn’t want to explain himself to Mycroft, but John was feeling so very overwhelmed in his current situation and a part of him hoped Mycroft might have an answer to his dilemma. He briefly explained he’d started back on suppressants because he wasn’t ready for intimacy after… and that Sherlock was angry with him, so much so he’d deleted his love for him. Mycroft hadn’t been expecting this, and hadn’t said anything other than a soft, ‘
“Right.” John swallowed dryly, not wishing for Sherlock to see just how affected he was by the very sentimental confession his husband just made and began walking once more.
John was Sherlock’s omega, his husband. It was one of the many duties he’d taken on at their union to take care of his husband. Taking care of John now, meant more physical requirements of him, but he was willing to provide for him. Making John happy made him happy and if John wanted him, then Sherlock would give him what he needed.
“What word?” Sherlock’s lips grazed the shell of John’s ear and John bit back the whimper that wanted so much to be released—damn his omega side, he wasn’t going to let Sherlock trick his omega into keening like a wanton bitch in heat.
Sherlock's hand rose, and John's eyes caught sight of it, watching it intently as it neared, until the tips of Sherlock's fingers brushed his cheek, John tried not to flinch, and when Sherlock cupped his face, the alpha within could not be silenced of the soft whine that escaped.
Grinning sinisterly, Sherlock waited for the alpha to kneel before him, and reached for his bag. Retrieving from within a leather and silver trimmed collar. Unclasping the black strap Sherlock clasped it onto John, far more tightly than was right.
Sherlock didn't have the right to look at him like that. He didn't have the right to stare at him with tearful eyes and make John desire nothing more than to hold him and give and receive comfort.
For a moment Sherlock's lips stuttered against John's own, having not realized that by kissing his husband now he'd be tasting himself. But the momentary surprise left soon after John's tongue did a fascinating swivel around his own. Sighing into the kiss, Sherlock tasted himself, the bitter tang of his releases and a flavor that was singularly John's.
A marriage that wasn’t a marriage? John didn’t like the terms of which Sherlock was forcing on him. John wanted to bond, to mate and love his omega. To be bound to an omega that didn’t want him was a cruelty unmatched by anything else. John wanted to refuse, but then an image flashed in his mind’s eyes.
Swallowing thickly, Sherlock met John's wide eyes and felt his own features turn red with embarrassment.
John bit his tongue to hold back a bark of laughter. Sherlock was talking to their pups and though he was complaining, the warmth in his voice could not be masked as anything but care. Sherlock cared for their pups and that nearly brought John to tears.
John bit back a smile, staring at a eagerly awaiting Victor. Those kind blue eyes wide with interest, the impatience of his form shown as he leaned closer, pressing his upper half over the small table set between them.
“Mm.” John hummed, turning on his side when one of Sherlock’s arms snaked under him and brought John close.
“You don’t mind, do you? I’m only two months pregnant, but I think it would be better if we got a head start on everything.”
John hated his organ experiments, especially now that he was starting to suffer from morning sickness.
Mycroft's amusement gave way to a sudden and surprising seriousness, "Listen to me, Sherlock. You are an intelligent, reserved man, who lacks the will to openly express feelings. I know... John Watson is not. You torture him daily with your inability to give an inch where sentimentality is concerned and, frankly, John deserves better than you. I feel almost guilty that he won't have an affair."
"I can't. I... After I was shot something was damaged, I couldn't feel it and I... I thought he wasn't interested, so I took what I could get. I didn't know. Damnit Mycroft, just tell me where he is. I need to see him. I need to talk to him."
John didn’t want anyone after he’d laid eyes on Sherlock. John turned down every offer that came his way. No one could ever compare to the beauty and intelligence of Sherlock Holmes. Sherlock’s alien-like features, unique, and alluring in their foreign beauty had ensnared John. Sherlock’s wit and cunning, brilliant mind sent John’s head reeling. Fascinated him like no other. John would have done everything and anything for Sherlock. That all didn’t matter—John was a simple, plain in comparison, beta. He could never give Sherlock, a powerful and well deserving alpha, pups.
“Have you ever loved…someone?” John whispered out the last part with trepidation, hating how his voice wavered.
"I'm infertile because of you! If you had registered two years ago I would have been saved. But instead you married that beta and left my omega to give up and wither away. I could have given you everything! I wanted to give you everything, but you left me alone!" Sherlock screeched emotionally.
John hated the clinical side of Sherlock. The side that repelled the notion of sentiment, and therefore, cruelly accepting the attentions of another to push away the feelings dwelling within for one who affected them so. He hated it, but he could understand it. Understand it in the strangeness that Sherlock’s mind churned.
in a hysterical craze. Mrs. Hudson began weeping, at a loss of what to do when she felt his damp forehead, and becoming all the more alarmed by how hot John’s skin was.
Sherlock was married now. John winced at the reminder. Sherlock had married that omega… bedded her… Was probably living at Baker Street with her now. Sherlock must want him as his second if he’d gone through the trouble of tracking him down. Worthy to be Sherlock’s second, but not worthy enough to be his mate?
When John went to grab the back of the saddle to keep his balance, Sherlock made a noise of disapproval.
John needed to get away. He didn't have anyone he was truly close to. Not Harry, because there were all the lies he'd recently fed her. Even Victor, who was becoming a close friend wasn't close to him on a personal level, because of the secrets he was hiding.
In a moment of desperation, of longing for that same happiness, John left his pitifully small flat and registered himself as an alpha submissive. It was later that evening that he’d received a knock at his door.
Sherlock's belly was tightly stretched to house their litter. Pale flesh so round, each soft sway of his hips caused his belly to swing side to side, taunting John. Sherlock's chest was still taut, his nipples pale and peaked with excitement. John wanted to suck them. He wanted to kiss Sherlock's belly and run his tongue over the pale red stretch marks winding their way at his underbelly.
Shuffling under the comforter, Sherlock moaned,  excited by the feel of the bed sheets rubbing along his sensitive skin. One hand rubbed the tender flesh of his nipple, stroking over it again and again, until it hardened into a stubborn bead, needing.
Sherlock and John sat in a love seat just as Harry sat across from them in the twin of their couch and Clare entered with a tray of tea, water, and cookies. John remained seated as Sherlock introduced himself to Clare, flashing her his grin that had done John's heart in.
Sherlock hummed with acquiescence and then his shoulder pressed uncomfortably into John’s own, thankfully not his left, but Sherlock knew better than that, and it was only briefly, so that Sherlock could guide the head of his cock to John’s opening. Then the pressure at John’s shoulder was gone, and instead he felt the head of Sherlock hot cock nudging past his rim and steadily moving in deeper.
Glancing to Sherlock; eyes focused in front of him, face blank of any perceptible emotions, and hands tucked into the pockets of his coat, John bowed his head and sighed. He’d have liked to hold Sherlock’s hand as they walked, but Sherlock, the absentminded genius, couldn’t see that.
.” John murmured sweetly, leaning in, lips so close to Sherlock’s, but again Sherlock shoved John away and crossed the room, giving them more space than John liked.
Sherlock's expressionless features shifted immediately, flashing a brilliant smile. John felt the noise around them dull out as he stared at this new Sherlock, one with a smile that could make angels sing.
"Tell me it's all just lies. That you didn't fool me for months. Because you don't do that to someone you love!" Sherlock's eyes stung as he blinked them repeatedly, striving to keep them from becoming too moist, but the tears fell at his broken words of distress.
Sherlock glowered at the alpha before him. The alpha's eyes were a dark blue, and yet, they held kindness in them. Sherlock loathed the pity of this alpha.
John retrieved one pillow at Sherlock’s side so he could set it under his omega’s left foot. John then proceeded to take extra care as not to hurt Sherlock while he removed his shoes. Rising off the bed, John quickly left the room and retrieved their first aid kit and an ice pack before making his way back to the bedroom.
The pale hand over his mouth, slid away and the alpha was suddenly fisting at his shirt near his chest, his breathing was erratic.
Sherlock lifted the chair momentarily, all so he could slam the legs of the chair on the cold wooden floor, and spun to regard John with a challenging glare.
“Stay and what? Hurt you again? I will, we both know I will. I’m... not prepared to love. How can I love you Sherlock when I can’t love myself? How can I love you when I’ve hurt you so much?”
Sherlock tensed, a timid smile spreading across his face, and John wondered if he’d deduced what he was going to say.
What was there left to say… Sherlock didn’t want him. John’s heat was burning through him and he needed to care for himself because Sherlock wouldn’t. As John staggered up the stairs, his clothing clinging to him by sweat, his lungs burning by harsh panting, he felt rejected and unwanted by his much loved mate. Sherlock didn’t even care for the love John was offering him.
Sherlock closed his eyes and smiled to himself, a frail, hardly visible one that lasted no more than three seconds before the alpha lowered his head once more.
"Going, going to come Sherlock, fuck! Sorry, I can't!" John whimpered, ducking his head in the juncture of Sherlock's neck and let out a dark groan that sent shivers down Sherlock's spine.
"I'm truly sorry for all that I've done to hurt you and Sherlock." Mary spoke softly, standing outside of his country home doorstep. A taxi car waiting for her on his driveway, preparing to take her to the airport, from then on John wasn't sure where Mary would be traveling to, but he could only think of it as for the best.
John's eyes were narrowed in anger, yet they glistened with barely restrained tears. His bottom lip trembled ever so softly, even as his jaw clenched, flexing. The bitter scent of the alpha made Mycroft's nose wrinkle with displeasure. John reeked of grief.
John’s eyes faltered, unable to hold Sherlock’s stare for longer than a moment and stared down between them at the bottle of lube on the mattress, grimacing by the bluntness of it. Was John second best compared to this elusive past lover of Sherlock’s? Would Sherlock secretly be comparing the two? Was John inadequate compared to this past love? John knew he didn’t know much about relationships and sex, but he’d thought…
John shut his eyes as he heard the nurse move and knock on the small blackened window of the door. It opened a moment later and he exited John’s room. The nurse would be back, John knew he’d bring a tray of food in the next hour and if John still refused to eat, he’d be sedated and forced to endure another feeding from a tube.
John hadn’t meant it in that way, and although Sherlock had said he wouldn’t mind deepening their relationship in such a way, this was definitely not the way to go about doing such.
time. Then their pressure doubled when the two agents on the ground stood, collecting their wits and added more pressure in restraining the rabid alpha before them.
Victor Trevor - now he was the perfect embodiment of an omega. Beautiful in the eyes of all alphas, so of course John needed him in his life. Having Sherlock asking him to stop seeing him must have been difficult for John, because if it hadn't been for his sister, John might have been able to mate with someone like Victor instead of Sherlock.
“I’m sorry. I’m sorry, John. I’m just…” Sherlock bit his bottom lip, hesitating on the word, not wishing to admit how he really felt, but John knew.
Sighing with disappointment, Victor offered up his card to John and brightened when John took it with a polite smile plastered on his face, ignoring the burning gaze of his husband.
“I— I didn’t mean to.” John strangled, struggling to find the right words to mend his massive blunder.
Omegas presented between the ages of twelve to sixteen, these omegas were bound soon after they’d fully matured. As far as John knew the oldest reported omega to have presented was a twenty-eight year old woman, but she’d been slim of frame which explained why it’d taken her so long to present.
Even John thought Sherlock's reactions were extreme; he was still upset with the way Sherlock responded to Anderson. He'd only mentioned to Lestrade that they request Sherlock's consultations on cases that didn't require climbing stairs. It had taken Sherlock near fifteen minutes to climb three sets of stairs, and another five to catch his breath on that case. Sherlock thought it was perfectly in his rights to break one of the crime scene investigator's cameras over the man's head and send him to hospital with a concussion. John and Lestrade, seriously did not. Mycroft was called to smooth things over. Lestrade had sent them home. And Sherlock had sworn John had cut onions for their dinner, because his eyes might have been wet when John reprimanded him that night. But that same wetness had dissipated when John tucked him into bed and proceeded to stroke and kiss his gorging, heavily hanging belly, and told him he was the most beautiful omega he'd ever set eyes on.
Sherlock's arm around his waist tightened and John docilely followed when Sherlock gently tugged him to his side and took steps into the home. John followed Sherlock's lead to the living area where Harry urged them to seat themselves.
John stilled, trying to follow Sherlock’s words and their meaning, but he was at a loss. Sherlock seemed to find amusement with John being unable to understand his meaning. Raising their clasped hands up, Sherlock pressed his lips to John’s inner wrist in a tender kiss.
Every time Mycroft came to visit him in regards to Sherlock, Gregory’s alpha would whine pitifully, desperate for attention, for the loving affection of Mycroft. That wasn’t going to happen though. Gregory couldn’t allow it. He’d made vows to honor his wife. He wouldn’t betray Jean, no matter what his inner alpha needed. It still couldn’t tamper the need for the other alpha though.
“Not in public.” Sherlock murmured softly. “Most think our union is an arrangement, but when you touch me as you do, it exposes too much.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, feeling peeved that John always needed him to explain the obvious. There were dogs in their home, a large dark blue blanket was set up against the wall of the front door, a bowl filled with dog food and water set a few paces away from the one of the dog beds he'd set up in the home. Why couldn't John see that!
Sherlock couldn’t very well tell John he’d loved him since he was a child. He couldn’t explain that for him it was just John and there could never be anyone else. He just couldn’t. Sherlock also didn’t want John to think he was like so many other alphas, that he wanted mistresses, because he didn’t.
John panted, his harsh breaths growing more feral as he worked himself off. His knot was throbbing now, not at full size, but he was close to coming. John’s knot even at half size was quiet large, larger than the ones Sherlock had seen in his science books, John was… rather impressive in this category.
John froze for a moment. He couldn’t let Sherlock know. It was a part of the agreement he’d made with Mycroft. He couldn’t risk Sherlock learning the truth. He needed to ensure his sister got the donor liver he’d been promised.
The Holmeses were being too cruel, bending him to their will and he was helpless to defy them because of his love for his sister.
Sherlock was defective. He wasn't right. He was sick in the head. It was the only explanation he could come to as to why he'd changed so drastically. He knew it was time for him to accept John, but not to this extent. But Moriarty had messed with his mind and he needed the comfort John could only provide him.
Sherlock's eyes clenched shut, his breathing escalating, nearing the point of hyperventilating, when he hears the quick footsteps of Mycroft, and cold hands laying themselves onto his own.
"Daddy hopes you come out looking like Mummy. Mummy is so beautiful. I wish you all have your mum's hair and eyes. If not, that's okay too. I love you to bits already."
John lowered his hands to run them affectionately up and down Sherlock’s lean legs, feeling the heat of his flesh through the thin fabric of his striped slacks.
John felt sick as it suddenly all made sense. Sherlock had forgiven Mary and wanted to release her because of John. He thought John wanted Mary and this... God, John felt disgusted with himself for allowing Sherlock to believe he'd been unfaithful and wanted another mate. Yet, John was far too numb to even voice the inaccuracy of Sherlock's belief.
“Oh dear, don’t cry love. Sherlock will be back soon.” The elderly landlady cooed, kneeling before the couch and near his head. A mothering gentle hand brushed away the hot tears staining his face.
Now, bonded, John had stopped the process of his body shutting down, but it didn't change the fact he could never have children of his own. One wish he'd never be granted.
They'd been living together for two weeks now and John hadn't slept in the spare room since that night. Sherlock amended his command and now the two shared a bed, but the coldness of that bed was a stab to John's heart. A reminder of what he'd done wrong and all the ways he was failing. Sherlock only allowed John to hold him close and scent him until he fell asleep. After which point John was told he should release him and sleep on the edge of the bed. Sherlock didn't want to touch John longer than he had to.
John’s lips twitched once more and he bowed his head to hide the faint smile. Standing to his feet, John tossed the book back onto his seat, shoved his hands in his jean pockets and met Sherlock’s hopeful stare with a glare.
The stale scent of heat jogged his memory that he'd started his cycle soon after John left to meet with that ridiculous omega. Then... What happened?
“Hello, I’m Martha. I’ll be your waitress for today. What can I get for you?” a young brunette asked of them as she approached their table.
"You are my friend Mary. You are my family. No matter what happens, you will always have me by your side." John met Mary's surprised stare and watched as her bright blue eyes shimmered with unshed tears. Biting her bottom lip, Mary nodded her head in affirmation of John's words and gripped John's hand back.
"Mm John." Sherlock moaned excitedly, attempting to thrust up, but his lower back protested against the action. The folded pillow supporting his lower back could only do so much, but Sherlock wanted more.
The tears fell then, a river of grief and acceptance. Mary knew...Mary surmised what John had never understood - what held him back from loving Sherlock in return.
"To be a bitch, unable to do anything? That's how I felt for so many years, helpless. Can you imagine what feeling like that for years could do to you?"
Sherlock told himself this time and time again as a child, but then… then he’d read John’s file. He’d seen a strong boy who fought against the world everyday of his life. Someone who was an outcast, much like himself, someone who wasn’t quick to trust, and even more less quick to let another in and he’d… Sherlock became fascinated. His experimenting came to a standstill as he’d struggled to figure out the real John and when he found he couldn’t, John beguiled him and he’d become emotionally compromised. Though John appeared normal, he was extraordinarily unique, a hidden treasure.
When Sherlock arrived home it was 11:42PM. He wasn’t surprised to find John waiting for him, seated at the kitchen table, drinking tea. Sherlock knew his John well enough to know he’d stay up for him, but didn’t much like the idea of it. John was carrying his pups and although he wasn’t showing yet because he was in the early stages of pregnancy, it still wasn’t healthy for him. John needed his rest and he knew the omega had to wake early the next morning for work, so this really wasn’t good.
One month and two weeks had passed, and in that time John became all the more conflicted. Each day that came and went, was another day in which he’d spent taken aback by Sherlock’s startling kindness. Every morning John woke alone, met Sherlock for breakfast, and then the alpha would give him his space for several hours. What Sherlock did during that time was beyond him, but John suspected he was working on cases as he’d head in the direction of his office. Regardless, John spent most of his time reading in the library, wandering the outer grounds of the estate, visiting Axel and the other horses, walking around the gardens and the outskirts of the forest nearby. Sometimes, John would go to the greenhouse, taking a book from the library with him so he could read there for a change of scenery.
The constant burning in his chest, the warmth that streamed through him—all of it was because of John. Sherlock could never want anyone else, and this was why it’d pained him greatly when John had more or less implied Sherlock was allowed to seek out another.
This was something Mycroft continuously told himself when meeting up with the DI in regards to Sherlock’s health. He couldn’t understand why he felt the need to remind himself of these things, but he had, and he assuredly did, each and every time. Then Sherlock recovered and found an anchor in his love for John that kept him from straying to the use of drugs. Mycroft’s visits with Gregory lessened until they’d completely stopped. But even after he stopped meeting with Gregory, he found himself thinking about the DI from time to time.
Their first night, they'd arrived at Sherlock’s—their flat. Sherlock had given him a brief tour, ending with John’s bedroom. It was already furnished. Sometime during their wedding, Mycroft had movers transport all of John’s belongings, placing them within the room. Apparently, Mycroft knew Sherlock well enough to know John wouldn’t be living a married life with his husband.
John was taken aback, not about how Sherlock seemed to know what he was going to say before he said it, but because Sherlock would have lubricant. If Sherlock had lubricant that would mean he needed it for previous lovers.
“I can’t. I promised to visit Harry today.” John felt guilty that he hadn’t spent much time with his sister since they’d gotten married and promised her a day out around the city.
“Yes. I want an older alpha, between thirty-seven and forty-five. He must be short, 5’7 to 5’9. Not muscular, but not lean, just so. He has to be strong physically, but look innocently docile and unintimidating. He must smell sweet,
The words of Mary Morstan filled John's mind now, as he numbly watched Mycroft's men arrest her. He'd let Mary into his life and heart. She'd been working for Charles Augustus Magnussen and before that... Moriarty.
The alpha counterpart watched the omega closely; scanning him for a sign his omega was ready. John remembered how the alpha tried to get close before and the omega snapped at him, now the alpha almost appeared to be sulking from a distance.
It might have been that he was feeling overly confident, but Sherlock answered, “Bring the contract over, I’m heading to the flat now.”
“You see these little things here that look like jelly beans, those are your pups. I count seven, but there could be one or more hiding behind another baby, it's normal with large litters.” Dr. Levy said.
"Hell!" Sherlock cursed at the sight of dark smoke seeping from out of the oven and threw open the latched door, releasing more smoke.
He’d restrained his rage, just barely, not wishing to startle John. He didn’t want to give John another reason to fear him.
Sherlock stopped his teasing caressing of lips and instead wrapped his arms around John’s waist to reel him in.
When Sherlock returned to their flat with an icebox of human organs, he found John seated in his red chair reading a book. John smiled up at him, glanced over to the icebox and said, “Another experiment.”
It was painful to hear Sherlock talk about someone else with such fondness. John wanted to yank his hand from Sherlock’s, but it felt so nice and warm, John couldn’t muster up the will to do so.
That wiped the act of perplexity away. Sherlock's heart stuttered, before there came a vice-like grip, seemingly meant to crush it.
Sherlock bit back a whimper when the alpha grabbed hold of his arm and dragged him out of the kitchen, past the set up dining area, and out to the terrace. The fresh air hit Sherlock with a rush of pleasant coolness.
Raising out his hands, John palmed the omega's hands caressing his face and before he could remove them there came a loud thud. Both John and Victor turned their heads in the direction of the noise and found their answer.
They’d been married for ten months now and their marriage was barely hanging on. Sherlock was ever repressed and John gave up trying. As if things weren’t bad enough, Mycroft, of all people, was worried about them. He convinced John it wasn’t appropriate to stay nights at Lestrade’s and John had to agree with him. His omega never liked it, but it was hard to be in the same living quarters with Sherlock. Still, John minimized his stays with Lestrade, and only went when the tension between Sherlock and himself proved unbearable. Mycroft met up with John almost weekly attempting to convince him that talking with Sherlock was the best thing for them. Even if Sherlock couldn’t remember what they shared, if John would just tell him, maybe they could work their way back to what they’d once shared. John refused Mycroft, not because he didn’t want to have that closeness with Sherlock back, but because he was frightened Sherlock had not a heart left to give him.
John's brows furrowed, "What's wrong, Sherlock? What's happened?" John hurriedly made his way towards the omega and seated himself in the red chair.
John snapped his head up and to the side, finding Sherlock standing there, gray eyes scanning his form, concern evident.
John mutely nodded his head and forked at his sausage, his interest growing all the more at hearing this.
“You’re ready now. No more contraceptives, Sherlock.” John added the last part sternly, John was ready to start their family and Sherlock wasn’t going to stop it this time.
"I know, I just... Really? You think pleasing things about me?" John found that so hard to believe. Shuffling so his legs pressed behind Sherlock's own, John nuzzled the temple near him, before nosing feather-soft curls.
"Sherlock." John spoke weakly, intimidated by the sudden and eerie delight that which filled Sherlock.
John was too far gone, squirming underneath Sherlock. John slithered a hand down the alpha’s head of hair, to the lean muscles of Sherlock’s back, until he clutched a flexing ass cheek.
John smiled weakly at Sherlock's kind words. This was why John loved him so much. Sherlock was always so kind and accepting of even the little crumbs John could offer.
John’s breath hitched, his heart hammering against his chest as he stared mutely at Sherlock, completely tongue-tied. Sherlock didn’t mind? Sherlock wouldn’t mind intimacy?
Sherlock's brows furrowed. "I don't understand. You like dogs. At New Scotland Yard station, you're always petting the officers' dogs and sneaking them treats you bring when no one's looking."
The long silence that followed was answer enough and Sherlock wasn't sure how he should feel about that. Maybe it would have been fine not knowing, but now that he knew what John had done it was hard to trust there wouldn't be another instance like it.
Was it because.... Had Sherlock miscalculated? He'd never been wrong when it truly mattered, not where John was concerned, but had he... Had Sherlock misunderstood John's care for biology? Was John....? No... John never told him, never clearly said he loved Sherlock, so...
John didn't vocalize his awareness of Sherlock seeking him out. Only offered himself in any way he wished of him. That was better because Sherlock couldn't handle addressing this elephant in the room. No. Certainly not.
John took a bite of his salad and glanced away from the heated glare burning through him. Staring at the refrigerator within the kitchen, he attempted to calm his racing heart.
John seated himself on a cemented bench, overlooking the beauty of Sherrinford’s garden. Crossing his arms over his chest, trying to keep warm, John looked up at the full moon, smiling softly to himself.
All night as Sherlock held John, scenting him, the omega remained stiff in his arms. It seemed too cruel to finally hold his omega in his arms, and know he’d never posses John’s heart. John feared him. A part of Sherlock understood how this might feel for John. As a young boy John was ridiculed, bullied, and harmed by betas. Mycroft’s help had come too late, the mental damage had been done, only now did Sherlock realize this and it pained him.
Harry huffed, glared John down, and though she said nothing he knew she was thinking it and growled with annoyance.
, listen to me, please. Let me explain everything first, then I’ll answer any questions you might have, but please try and understand why I did what I did.”
"I'll think it over. Now, John, may we please..." Sherlock held John's gaze all while he led the alpha's hand low, down the underside of his belly and to the wet crotch of his panties.
“You need to get it out.” Ella explained what was so obvious, but something that seemed terribly difficult.
The omega moaned deliriously, a soft smile spread across his flushed sweaty face and the alpha answered him with tender kisses across the expanse of his neck and back. The video ended soon after the alpha’s knot receded and he embraced his omega, scenting him further.
" Sherlock whimpered at the sudden feel of a mouth sucking up his small bollocks, the alpha's heated tongue rolling them in his mouth, before humming around them-
Sherlock’s face glowed from heat and sweat, and he wetted his dry lips with a swipe of his tongue. John watched the movement with intrigue. He wanted to feel that tongue against his own, taste the alpha in a way he’d been defiantly refusing himself the chance to. Before John could comprehend his actions, he was palming Sherlock’s neck and yanking him back down so that the tips of their noses brushed against one another’s. Sherlock’s eyes widened, staring in question and nervousness, halting his movements and John whimpered in protest.
“Where is he, Mycroft? What have you done with my John?” Sherlock raged, thrashing against the agents, their grip loosening faintly, but not enough for Sherlock to escape and attack Mycroft for a
"John!" Sherlock exclaimed, dumbfounded when the alpha fell to his knees before him, John's trembling hands moved to palm his knees as he bowed his head. Pressing his forehead against Sherlock's lap, humming a pleased noise, his alpha contented with the thought of this omega carrying their children.
It was hateful, all of it. Why hadn’t his parents told him? Maybe they didn’t know. This couldn’t keep happening.
Mrs. Holmes continued to cry in hysterics, Mr. Holmes attempted to calm her, and all the while Mycroft kept looking from the documents incredulously and back up to Sherlock.
Sherlock ate his breakfast slowly, not really hungry, but knowing it would upset John if he didn’t eat. Still, his eyes wandered to John every so often, brows tensed with bewilderment.
After John prepared them cinnamon French toast, eggs and bacon, he set up their plates and began preparing their tea. Sherlock entered the kitchen several moments after, tussling his shaggy mess of curls, wrapped in his red robe and blearily met John’s deep blue.
Sherlock immediately stood up from his chair, a wild smile upon his face, their conversation completely pushed to the back of the genius’ mind in the face of a new case.
Sherlock pulled back and raised his head, his mouth parting in complete disbelief when he stared up at his slumbering John.
Sherlock drew further inside of himself. As if he wanted to hear about John's many years with that beta. He didn't want this. He wanted the alpha gone. Away from him. He wanted to go back home to Baker Street.
A mournful howl gurgled out of him, so soft, a gentle broken bay of an omega brought to their lowest point.
Sherlock felt his stomach roil with upset at the alpha who'd given in so easily. He looked to enjoy placing care on Sherlock, any part of him that the omega would allow, and if it was his feet, so be it. John would love on Sherlock's feet in the way the alpha so desperately wanted on the rest of his omega.
"I might have eaten some apple pie." Sherlock confessed, feeling guilty whenever his sweet cravings flared.
“Okay, that was ridiculous.” John said as they leaned against the wall, side by side, staring with amazement at the other.
John smiled sadly and shook his head. His eyes dampening, but John would not cry, damn it. Not again. Not again in front of Sherlock.
Mycroft told him he could relax in the room and that he’d retrieve him once Sherlock arrived. John was thankful for this, as he didn’t think he had the confidence to go out and meet the awaiting guests.
.” Sherlock hurriedly breathed repentantly, diving back and claiming John’s lips in an apologetic kiss.
Sherlock sat himself on the deck area of the restaurant, shielded by a dividing low wooden wall and ivy plants. His menu book proved another helpful tool for concealing his presence. The annoying waitress assigned to his table kept coming back to take his order and Sherlock finally ordered the restaurant's special, but refused to give her his menu booklet and told her he might add an order later and for her to leave it. She soon brought him his order and he left it untouched and continued spying on the alpha.
John wasn’t sure how long it was that they held to each other, but he didn’t care. Hours might have passed by and it all couldn’t matter a bit, because he was lost to the sensations — the warmth of two bodies pressed intimately together. The scent of both himself and Sherlock mingling in the air, saturating the room in the sweetness of an omega and the bitter sweetness of his mated alpha.
” A light went off in Sherlock’s mind, suddenly understanding everything and then a look of regret crossed his features and he began apologizing. “John, I’m sorry, I—”
John was close to laughing because this couldn’t be happening. His husband couldn’t believe such an illogical thing as this, but then Sherlock looked away from him and John saw the glint in his eyes. Sherlock was close to tears and as he blinked his eyes to hide his emotions, John swallowed dryly as he came to the realization; Sherlock really believed he saw what he saw.
." Sherlock spat the last part hatefully, because he would forever refuse to call the alpha, by his name. His alpha had abandoned him and married another, disregarding his existence. Sherlock would repay the alpha's sentiments in kind.
John wanted to refuse, but he couldn’t; he didn’t want to talk to Mycroft and he knew him well enough to know the other option if he refused. It was either Lestrade moved in or John moved back to Sherrinford, regardless of his wishes, John wasn’t going to be left alone for a long time. John could do nothing more than to bear it; having Lestrade living with him would be strange and somewhat painful, what with the smell of an alpha in his home and being reminded of the missing scent of his… It would be hard.
John stood over a simmering pot of pasta sauce he’d learned how to make many years ago from his grandmother. Although it would never taste as good as his Nana's, it was a close second. John really wanted Sherlock to try his pasta. He made it better than the rest of his family. It was his specialty. Sherlock enjoyed Italian food, and John hoped he would appreciate his efforts.
Mycroft's eyes remained closed, attempting to reclaim sleep, even though he could feel Gregory's stare on him still.
When John woke it was to the pounding of his head and the sounds of the city seeping through the window and into the room. John groaned tiredly and buried his head in the pillow. Inhaling a deep breath, John was accosted by the familiar bittersweet scent of Sherlock, and the moment that scent registered, so too did the memories of last night flicker through his muddled mind.
“No.” John wasn’t going to say more, he didn’t want to start a conversation, and stepped around Sherlock to continue his path.
John knew, even though Sherlock rejected him and refused to share any part of his heart with him, that Sherlock’s omega acknowledged him. If Sherlock’s omega had refused him after the claim bite, Sherlock would have died immediately, but that was extremely rare. Sherlock’s omega was lonely and needed an alpha and John was the perfect partner — an alpha submissive. This knowledge gave John some comfort, but not enough to soothe his aching heart.
"I noticed it the moment I scented you." Victor answered simply, though something he saw in John made him realize the alpha wasn't following.
“None of which is your concern.” Sherlock leaned closer to the table and John was reminded of an animal going in for the kill, “He’s my husband.”
Sherlock was a good man and a kind alpha. Regardless of their arguments and John’s rejections, Sherlock was trying to give him a way out. Help, but not take advantage of him. John wanted to laugh at the very idea, because from another’s view on this situation, it most certainly looked the complete opposite.
It didn’t mean anything. It was in the past. Bad memories of hateful words followed closely by agonizing violent fists.
Sherlock moaned unhappily, sniffling loudly, eyesight blurred by tears, but he didn't push John away like a part of him wanted to. No, instead Sherlock released his painful grip on the sides of his head to wrap his arms around John's body and pressed himself even further against John's open chest, inhaling deep breaths of him.
John didn’t touch their joint account; his new account was far more than enough for him. Though John didn’t think he’d ever really use the money on himself, he decided it was more than alright if he used it for their home and caring for Sherlock.
John morbidly reminded himself, and shut his eyes to hinder the dam of tears threatening to be released.
The longest an omega ever lived after the death of their mate was two and a half years, and that was only because that omega had been sent to an omega oasis/hospice. John hadn’t yet been sent there, but if he didn’t get better soon, he was sure that was where he’d end up. No. Currently he was being held in an omega sanatorium that specialized in the care of omegas on the verge of drops.
Sherlock had just finished solving a case for the NSY when he received a phone call from his mother.
“I’m sorry for Sherlock’s behavior. He… You must understand his reservations to bonding.” Mycroft reassured John, but his features remained troubled.
Mycroft appeared positively pleased. "My word, brother of mine, so defensive. How you care for John."
“I… I would like that.” John admitted cautiously, putting great efforts in looking everywhere but at his husband.
"Okay." John chuckled breathlessly and grasped a hold of himself with one hand while his other held the back end of pink panties wide enough to make room and then the bulbous head of his cock was pressing into his entrance.
"You lied to me!" Victor had shouted, pacing the living room floor as John stood, saddened at the sight of Victor's kind eyes filling with tears.
him. Sitting in a plush chair within one of the many rooms of the Holmes’ mansion, John stared at his polished black designer shoes.
” Sherlock released a surprised gasp when John rolled them over, pinning the alpha to the bed and hurriedly straddled his thighs.
Their first night together had been everything Gregory had ever wanted. It only took them a year and 2 months to get here, and God was it worth the wait. The waiting hadn't been easy, but he'd done it for Mycroft.
“You’re beautiful.” Sherlock admired, bright eyes softening with fondness and before John had time to respond or react, Sherlock was cupping his jaw, raising his head somewhat so that John met his piercing stare.
John smiled dreamily, nuzzling the dark hair near his husband’s ear and inhaling the sweetness of Sherlock’s expensive shampoo, at last allowing Sherlock to pull back enough to stare down into his gleaming eyes.
John sat at the edge of the bed, feeling Sherlock’s release pooling under him and grimaced—he wasn’t an omega or a woman, he couldn’t absorb Sherlock’s seed. He was sterile in this union. He’d never be able to give Sherlock children and that was what was drawing John away.
"I know. I'm a horrible omega. I know, okay. Please go." Sherlock shifted uncomfortably under the gaze of the alpha. John wasn't looking away from the omega now.
John immediately noticed the crisp looking pink uniformed button up shirt the woman wore and the nametag that read, ‘Mindy’.
But John still held hope, because no matter that they were living in civility, Sherlock treated him with a kindness he hadn’t shown to another, except for today, but John knew that was only due to the stress of meeting an old —
He knew it all. All that Mycroft kept from the public, even when Sherlock's and John's popularity was rising. Because Mycroft knew it hurt to know the truth of his status and would be beaten and destroyed if the public ever wound up finding out.
When alone, John’s touches became positively amorous. John planted numerous kisses on Sherlock, one for when greeting in the morning, another after meals, a firm one when one of them left the room and another one when meeting again, one when Sherlock said something that pleased John, kisses at the nape of his neck when Sherlock kindly made them tea, a kiss to the temple when Sherlock was focused on an experiment or working hard to solve a case.
“Sherlock.” John softly greeted, wishing that his husband would meet his gaze so that he could reassure himself that Sherlock hadn’t done what he’d feared he’d done.
“If it’s only a scratch, let me have a look.” John bit back a curse and exhaled his frustrations, knowing arguing would get him nowhere.
"Sherlock, stop the fucking dirty talk already!" John complained, collapsing heavily onto the bed beside Sherlock and wrapped his own arms around the omega's belly.
, John morbidly thought to himself. He’d just given his husband permission to do what every other alpha did. What the hell was John going to do if Sherlock took him up on his offer and took lovers…
He was trying to appease Sherlock, but at the same time it was hard to keep his distance from Mary when she needed his presence for their pup. Her beta needed to feel wanted, or else they risked her beta rejecting the pregnancy if it felt its alpha didn't want it.
Now, John found himself doing the same with Victor Trevor, and what he found... It was both what he'd expected and didn't expect. As John suspected, Victor Trevor was a well educated man from old money, much like Sherlock. That Victor's family owned oil, coal mining, and a prominent London publishing house--that, John had not expected.
He'd been wrong to come. It had been too long. Someone like Gregory would have found someone else. Someone better than him. He shouldn't have been so foolish to...
John halted in his steps, the door gently shutting behind him, as the alpha took notice of Sherlock seated in his gray leather chair. The omega's legs were crossed, his shoulders pressed back low in his seat, one hand palmed his lower thigh. The index and middle finger of his left hand delicately pinched the lit fag in his hand.
“Now, John, there is a matter of which I must discuss with you.” Mycroft began and John curiously met the pale man’s stare.
Sherlock didn’t say anything, but continued to affectionately caress John’s scalp with his fingers, until John drifted off to sleep.
John allowed his mother to guide him out of the dressing room of the fancy country club, down a long hallway, and out to the gardens. There was soft instrumental music playing, piercingly haunting cello vibrating the moment he neared, followed by a violin, piano, and harp.
John sat up on his knees and took Sherlock's outstretched hand and helped his omega onto the bed. Sherlock let out a deep breath of contentment when he settled down onto his side on the bed. Much like always, Sherlock didn't realize how tired his body was from the day's activities until after he lay in bed.
“Is something the matter?” Sherlock disregarded the complement when truly taking him in; pale, eyes puffy and red, but still the deepness of blue stared on with determination.
"Never. I swear on all that is holy, I will never leave you." John whimpered, pressing fervent kisses all about Sherlock's cheeks.
Pulling away enough so to meet Sherlock's gaze, John palmed his mate's flushed cheek and smiled down at him.
“Forget it. It doesn’t matter.” John said, stepping to the side of a dumbfounded Sherlock and back into the kitchen where he continued preparing their dinner.
.” Sherlock’s sharp whimper broke the silence, the alpha raising his hips up creating the lost friction once more.
“No.” John cut Sherlock’s words off before he could say them. He’d let Sherlock give so much in this aspect as well as many other parts of their relationship. John wanted to give back to Sherlock now.
” Sherlock’s human nails dug into the flesh of John’s back, his fingers looped in blond hair snagged painfully. Sherlock cried, completely enraptured by the powerful orgasm that erupted from out of him.
John smiled softly up at Sherlock, wordlessly taking the offered coat, and wrapped it closely over his front, much like a blanket. John had a coat of his own, but appreciated the additional warmth of Sherlock’s, the fact that it smelled of the alpha didn’t even occur to him.
"Hey, shhh. No. Don't be like that." John soothed, hurriedly moving to embrace the trembling omega in his arms.
“To your family you’re the stoic strong alpha. To the NSY you’re detached, snide, and cynical. With me… you’re open, vulnerable, passive, generous—confusing. With everyone your brilliance is always present and there is an innocence to it that makes me wonder if you’ve always been so… so uniquely fascinating…and what the hell am I even saying?” John laughed at his own idiocy.
“He doesn’t love me.” John sobbed. “My love will remain unfulfilled. Harry my love will forever be unsaid and unwanted! My first and only love…will never be.”
“Scenting is not a necessary part of bonding, and I can’t conceive pups when I’m not in heat. As a result, there really is no reason why I must let
"Don't! Don't you dare try and comfort me right now. You led me on. You made me think you liked me!"
, but I’ve had the time to go over everything you said and I know it was you deflecting. You haven’t been honest with me and I need you to be. How else will I be able to help you if you’re not honest with me?”
Sherlock couldn’t understand what was going on with him. Why was he crying? He never cried, unless he was acting the emotional role for a case. He couldn’t remember the last time he
Sherlock and John, consulting detective and his partner. No, these looks were full of surprise, confusion, and disgust. There had also been the few looks John had received that were less condemning and more lewd.
It was the later part of afternoon and early February. It was nice and cool, but not so cool enough to be unsettling. The sun casted a warm glow on the trees, and grass and people walked, exercised, and mingled around them.
“Sherlock. My beautiful Sherlock.” John sighed dotingly, pressing kisses to his damp hair, and raising a hand to cradle the back of his head as he did so. “Thank you, love.”
"I love you, Sherlock." John rasped, his tears falling freely, unchecked and dampening Sherlock's expensive slacks.
“Please.” John whined. He was in need. He wanted Sherlock. Needed his warmth, his care, his love, more than anything else right now—He should know someone like Sherlock was incapable of giving him such.
“No, more. Don’t ever do this again.” John’s omega whimpered piercingly and Sherlock didn’t stop, he lowered himself further so that John was still over him and pressed his nose at the underside of John’s chin, soothingly scenting him.
"I don't care! It's my choice. I won't go to the hospital. I won't have you check my wounds. I've tended to them myself. I'm fine. It was nothing. I want my tea and I want it in peace."
tried to dominate him and demonstrate his power. He was rather domestic and it was an alarming thought for an alpha to be such.
"Yes, well... My darling John knew I was the omega for him, and we didn't want to wait. I'm sorry it has come as a shock, but love waits for no one."
John moaned softly, his head dipping and pressing his nose into Sherlock's hair. Sherlock stilled his caress over the slowly hardening cock to inhale a deep breath of fortitude.
Sherlock suddenly recalled that same look in Mycroft's eyes and all at once he knew. Inhaling a sharp breath, his omega recoiled in despair, howling a wounded cry. This was too much. Far more than what he felt he couldn't bare. This was heartbreaking.
John's ass clenched in his grip as he spurted his release in large pulses, until he finally went lax, and Sherlock licked up what remained. Pulling back, John withdrew himself from out of the omega's mouth and shakily moved off his body to lay himself at his side, embracing him warmly.
John followed the silent alpha out of the large living area full of guests, to a long hall and up three cases of stairs, all the while John struggled against his alpha’s hold, yanking at his hand and attempting to free himself, but his alpha did not release him. For a man who was lean, the alpha was extraordinarily strong and no matter how much of a fight John put the alpha’s hold never faltered.
“Are you angry with me?” Lestrade questioned, voice round, full of sentiment as if he cared about Mycroft’s
They called him a week later to let him know that, surprisingly, his intended supported his choice. In fact his intended encouraged John to continue for however long it was he wished and that when he finished they would marry then. John was surprised his intended had something to say. In all the years of his parents communicating with the other’s family, his intended never had anything to say. John felt a slight warmth claim him then, pride that someone understood his desire to want to fight for his country.
Through Sherlock’s cruel unforgiving words, Mr. Holmes, Mrs.Holmes, and Mycroft fell silent and listened in. This made the rejection all the crueler in John’s eyes.
“John.” Sherlock cooed, soothing, no longer seeking answers, realizing John couldn’t possibly tell him in that moment.
John needed to shut up! It was acceptable for alphas to have more than one lover, Sherlock even knew this, but he couldn’t! John needed to know if his alpha was like so many others.
Pulling away the distance in which John had shortened between them, John nodded his head with acceptance.
"Sherlock." John mouthed along the milky flesh before him, peppering it with wet kisses, and marveling as the spots of red blossomed in it's wake.
No matter how many times Sherlock heard John’s admission, the tumbling and butterflies fluttering in his stomach never ceased. Brightness streaked Sherlock’s sight, a raw gasp falling from his wet lips as John kept piercing that special place within that made everything spin and tingling vibrations race down south. A rumble of pleasure rolled from out of John’s chest, his teeth digging down and breaking flesh, reclaiming what was always his.
"Sorry! I just didn't really look at it after we were first together and I didn't know it would look... I'll shut up." John ducked his own head at the nape of Sherlock's neck, sharing his pillow and pressing apologetic kisses to his neck all while delving his index finger within wet heat.
"Thank you. I can see the thought of your actions. I'm sorry the meal didn't come out the way you wanted, but the dining area was beautifully decorated."
“Really there is no need to feel embarrassed. It was all very flattering.” Sherlock nuzzled the back of John’s neck as he shifted closer and held John close to him.
Cheering from the crowd broke through the silence and Sherlock finally detached his fangs from John’s scent gland. Before pulling completely away, Sherlock paused to lave at the bleeding wound, drinking up the blood until the wound clotted and then released John of his hold and took two steps back.
When Sherlock came to a sudden halt, John actually began to take in the room they’d entered. The walls of the three corners of the room were absent and in its place were large windows. The only wall was behind them leading out and back down the north wing.
“John.” Sherlock breathed through closed eyes, seeming to realize that John was close, his grip on John’s hair vice-like.
The alpha stood against the front door, staring wide eyed at the two dogs currently sniffing his shoes.
It was a quarter after 10:00PM, when John made it back to the flat. He didn't want to come home later, as he knew Sherlock would be waiting up for him. The omega would make excuses for being there when John came back, but John knew it was all because Sherlock didn't want to admit to the real reason. The realness of how Sherlock cared for John could not be doubted now. Not after Sherlock had confessed so much that night in relation for his ability to carry sentiment for another person.
"Hey, don't be like that." John cooed kindly, raising up partly, until he raised up high enough to be on eye level with Sherlock, their faces mere inches from one another that, Sherlock
Though Sherlock couldn’t understand the change in John, he couldn’t resist enfolding him in his arms and embracing the shorter man just as tightly as his omega held onto him, and then he proceeded to scent John back.
John didn’t think he’d be visited by a government official so quickly, he’d heard that it took two weeks to have a representative come to meet an alpha submissive.
“Father, we ask you now for your blessing on these beautiful wedding rings that they may symbolize for alpha and omega in their union; health, happiness, strength and courage, joy and peace, abundance and prosperity,  and unconditional loving for each other.”
John reenlisted one final time, knowing he couldn’t keep doing this forever. Just because he didn’t want to get married and bonded, didn’t mean he could spend his whole life in the army. He liked working in the army, but he missed London, and as annoying as it was to admit, he missed his parents and Harry.
Sherlock let out a surprised yelp as John rolled over him and stole his mouth in a hungry kiss that the omega ardently returned.
Sherlock’s hand knotted with the reins and John’s hand loosened and he pulled away. John smiled triumphantly, his right hand reaffirming that his helmet was securely in place.
Before Jean, he’d only been in three other relationships, and those weren’t anything that lasted more than six months. The first was in high school, Brittany Walsh. She was too gentle for Gregory’s taste and after two months of dating, he’d ended things. Then there was Amy Jones. He met her in his freshman year of college, she was beautiful and popular. His friends pushed him into going out with her as she’d shown an interest in him. She was an intelligent woman and Gregory found that he enjoyed their talks. Her views on life and current world issues were fascinating and they could talk for hours. He’d lost his virginity to her and he was happy for a time, but slowly realized he saw her as a close friend rather than a future mate. They broke up after six months. Maria Hernandez was technically his rebound, but out of guilt and shame for using her to get over the funk of breaking up with Amy, Gregory dated her for three months.
Slowly rising, making sure none of his movements came as hostile, he removed his clothing, until he stood completely bare to Sherlock's viewing. Kneeling once more, John bowed his head and stared at the ground.
"Oh, I can think of a few ways." John didn't have to look at Sherlock to know he was grinning happily.
Even as John tried to leave, Sherlock wouldn’t let him, instead Sherlock followed after him like a lost puppy.
As the time lengthened John began to worry if this was really what Sherlock wanted and began to repeat his question from earlier.
John closed his eyes and pressed his head deeply against his pillow, recalling that drunken night he’d boldly gone into Sherlock’s room, brazenly humping Sherlock like some depraved dog, and how Sherlock hadn’t laughed at him though he had every right to. No, Sherlock listened and gave some relief to John before he’d stupidly fallen asleep.
John opened his mouth in a frantic attempt to calm Sherlock, to reason with the alpha, but Sherlock didn’t wait to hear him out. Sherlock spun on his heel and stormed out of the home, the front door slamming in his wake and John couldn’t move. His mind was screaming for him to run after Sherlock, to stop him, to beg for his forgiveness, but John didn’t. He couldn’t because he knew it was all hopeless. The only way he could convince Sherlock was by expressing his true feelings, and John knew he didn’t have the courage to. He had no right to.
money was money he'd received with his lies, and if he wasn't using it for the home or for Sherlock, John wouldn't touch it.
John nodded his head with acceptance and promised himself he would. He’d start practicing and then… he’d tell Sherlock. He’d just blurt it out and get it out in the open and hope Sherlock didn’t realize he could do better, have better than a broken, nearly infertile omega.
Only when John gave a weak sigh and his body slid to his side did Sherlock open his eyes and smile happily at the alpha. John gently pulled himself out of Sherlock's wet hole, and adjusted the panties until they cupped Sherlock's ass correctly, at the same time stemming the flow of John's seed. Keeping it within Sherlock for a little while longer. Huffing with exhaustion, John rolled onto his back, left leg switching off to his right, bent in order to help keep Sherlock's left elevated.
... I’ll stop.” Sherlock bit his bottom lip, his laughter breaking off into harsh breaths as he attempted to stifle back his amusement.
John had watched porn as a teenager, he’d seen how porn stars had sex—this wasn’t the same as that. This couple kissed, really kissed, their hands roamed over the other’s body with familiarity. When one arched, the other bent close, they were so in-sync.
John bit the inside of his cheek when Angelo returned moments later and set a glass bowl containing a lit tea-light on the table. He smiled goofily up at John and gave him the thumbs-up before turning and leaving them alone once more.
"I know. I... We'll see where time takes us." John forced out, it was hard to say, because he wasn't sure where he and Sherlock stood with each other.
“It’s okay if you’re nervous. I’m a bit so myself.” John chuckled feebly, wishing Sherlock would speak.
John never wanted to accept the truth that was steadily making its presence known. He hated the loneliness, but most of all he hated that this loneliness was because of one person’s absence. He missed Sherlock. He missed him so much. He missed being scented at night, missed being surprised in the afternoons and doing something new every day, missed the voiceless stares they’d shared as they ate. But most of all, John missed the way Sherlock would smile at him as he said such kind and endearing sentiments.
Sherlock had managed to keep it hidden from his family for some time, but Mycroft, the ever watchful gentlemen figured it out. He’d found Sherlock strung out, riding the high in an abandoned warehouse more than a couple of times and signed him into rehab. Sherlock was not pleased, escaping the first few times, but then Mycroft reminded him of John, reminded him that John was going to need a strong sober alpha to provide for him and their pups when he did return from the war and it had been the driving force in Sherlock finally making a change and sobering himself up. Because although it was painful for him to accept the fact that John left to join the war, he knew one day he would return and Sherlock wanted to be a strong alpha for him. He wanted John to love him and he knew being drugged up, he’d never have that.
Sherlock followed after John, persistent and regretful. John wasn’t saying it, but he knew he’d messed up.
"I was angry." John admitted. "Only because I wasn't here to cook for you and instead you were left in a smoked filled home. I was worried about you."
John wasn’t particularly close to the hospital, but near enough—close enough to hear the sickening crunch of a body slam into the hard cemented ground. That body—that brilliant mind… his only love…
John’s brows furrowed, not sure how to take Sherlock’s last confession, but it still made him feel good.
“John, please understand why I kept this from you. I didn’t want to cause you any distress and if I’d known that was what I was doing, I’d have confessed earlier… John, this beta you speak of isn’t a beta… He’s an omega… My omega… My husband.”
Sherlock stared at John pleadingly, yet his features were set in a grimace, seeming to come to some conclusion by the way John kept his distance. John leaned back against the door frame, never fully entering the room and folded his arms over his chest, looking down at the robe to be sure he’d sealed it fully and revealed little skin other than his exposed legs.
Sherlock tensed, unsure what to do or say. Staring wide-eyed at the alpha breaking down with joy, he could only imagine how much worse it would have been if he'd chosen to abort his pregnancy. He knew, watching the alpha nuzzle his legs and keen happily, he'd made the right decision. John would be a wonderful father. He'd offer their children what Sherlock lacked. Who knew, maybe overtime he would amend his faults and become a sufficient enough mother for their children.
“Nothing.” John choked out, face reddening further as Sherlock’s fingers stroked the back of his hand and John squeezed the alpha’s hand, wordlessly pleading he stop distracting him.
“Sod off, you—” Sherlock halted, his words fell away as his nostrils flared and he snapped his cold gaze in John’s direction, a look of pure and utter disbelief marring his features.
“You shouldn’t be out here in your condition.” Sherlock reprimanded, hurriedly breaking the distance between them, shrugged off his coat and without a word wrapped it around John.
Mrs. Holmes sighed agitatedly, but nevertheless nodded her head in agreement. John watched as Mr. and Mrs. Holmes left the room. Mycroft moved to Sherlock’s side, smirked smugly, patted the glowering young man’s shoulder and said, “Be gentle with him, Sherlock,” before exiting the room and leaving Sherlock and John alone.
John indulged in affectionate touches, nothing too extreme, not wishing to push Sherlock away, but enough so that Sherlock never questioned John’s sincerity. Things such as sitting close beside Sherlock, laying his hand over Sherlock’s, leaning over Sherlock’s chair as the alpha focused on his experiments and pressing a kiss to his brow, standing in Sherlock’s personal space when the alpha surveyed a crime scene, brushing his hand over Sherlock’s arm when the alpha retreated within his mind palace to organize his thoughts and seek out important information.
When Sherlock experienced his first heat, he’d been stunned. He’d thought since he remained slim of frame it’d somehow diminished his chances of fully maturing as an omega, but maybe his body just took longer to shift because of it. Still, his heat came in the end and his brain had fogged, his intelligence shrank and he’d been driven by lust. He’d spent three long days bringing himself off. He was mortified that he’d resorted to shoving a riding crop deep inside his entrance, rubbing the leather flap repeatedly against his pleasure point, fucking it wildly and sobbing out in sorrow, needing more and never having the means to give it to himself.
John sighed heavily and glanced over to Sherlock once more. Sherlock was glowering at the priest, seeming to want to throttle the man, wanting to ruin this wedding, drive John away in one final, desperate attempt to have John call off the wedding. John would not give. He would not call off the wedding, even if Sherlock continued to interrupt the priest. He had his own reasons why he needed this marriage to go off without a hitch.
“What do you think of me?” A soft breath of a question was released and it took a moment for John to comprehend what had been asked.
Sherlock had let his guard down. He'd given John his full trust and now the omega was going to find out what it was the alpha was doing that he had to lie to him.
, and we will get justice. We will make him pay for taking… for taking…” John’s voice was hoarse, trying to work out his words, eyes lowering to glare at the ground, unable to bring himself to say what it was they’d lost, because though he was working through his grief, it still hurt tremendously to say it.
Mycroft felt heat rise to his face when Gregory gave a noticeable inhale of breath, taking in his scent.
“Then why are you yelling at me?” John demanded, his temper on a short leash, trying to understand Sherlock’s motives.
So tonight after they finished a case, Sherlock became rude and arrogant, rough and cruel, vindictive, and John would not call his omega on it. Sherlock was insecure and hurt, this drove him for his recompense and John would answer it without refusal.
Sherlock blushed noticeably and John felt butterflies swarm by the alpha’s shyness. John's cock sputtered pre-come, drizzling messily, and Sherlock swiped his tongue over the slit, tasting his essence. Tossing his head to the side and burying his face in his pillow, John bit into Sherlock’s index finger as a pitiful noise erupted. Dire pleasure assaulted him when the alpha took John back into his mouth fully.
“I… was a Captain in the army, but I was sent home invalid after being shot in Afghanistan. I’m sure you’ve already deduced everything I’m saying now, but still… I registered myself as an alpha submissive because I’m ready to bind myself and start a family. I hope, however, undesired this union feels, you will accept my affections.”
“Yes, John. You do look rather flushed.” Sherlock repeated Mycroft’s observation, a sly grin on his face, goading the omega.
"You can start over again. I will bring him back. I promise you, John, we will fix this. I played a part in this. If I had researched more, I could have stopped this."
A banner hanging over the entryway read in pink and blue, "Happy Baby Shower". Sherlock wanted to die and he was sure John was right there along with him. His alpha had moved over to the bar and filled himself a glass of wine (because Lord forbid they have a baby shower without liquor) and began slowly drinking its contents. Sherlock wished his alpha were like some others, ones who believed it was healthy for a pregnant omega to drink a glass of wine every now and then. But no, he had himself a wary and cautious mate who refused the notion. So all Sherlock could do was stare wantingly at that glass of wine his mate drank.
Mycroft paused in contemplation of this notion. No doubt knowing it would be difficult for an alpha to think of living in two homes, when alpha's usually had one large home to house their whole family, including their seconds.
Sherlock was growing taller... No. John was sliding down to the floor. It was suddenly too hard to breathe. So hard to think. John could vaguely recall Sherlock's words and then, after a embarrassing moment of pause to rearrange his thoughts he recalled the text Sherlock had sent him not more than half an hour ago.
John watched voicelessly as Sherlock stared down at him, eyes open and seemingly in need of something, John wouldn’t dare presume to know of what. He couldn’t risk exposing his true feelings because he knew that this wouldn’t last. Eventually Sherlock would bond himself with an omega and all he could hope for then was to be Sherlock’s second, a lover who never bore the bite mark or claim of an alpha mate. John wouldn’t want that. He didn’t. He’d leave — he truly would. It didn’t matter that alphas didn’t knot without the intent to. Sherlock had been knotting him since the very first time they’d slept together,
John knew Sherlock was bored. After such a lengthy string of interesting cases, it would be hard for Sherlock to deal with the dry spell. Sherlock was more than disappointed that Lestrade hadn’t called requesting his assistance.
John was there in seconds, sprinting into the room and to Sherlock's side. His hands shot out and cupped his heated face and Sherlock sobbed brokenly, looking up into John's equally wet eyes and whimpered pitifully.
John wondered why he should even try living this kind of sad life. He didn’t want to live a lonely life such as this. Then John stumbled upon an article. It was about the most recent alpha submissive to have publicly registered themselves. The submissive alpha and his lovely omega were interviewed about their marriage and how they felt now that they were expecting their first litter of pups. John looked at the photos of the couple, so happy, so in love.
Mycroft had been nervous. Jumping at every sudden touch. Humming shakily when Gregory's kisses moved lower, past his clavicle. When they'd finally been discarded of all clothing and Mycroft was left wet and open for him, he'd taken him slow and firm. Loving him tenderly until they'd both been overwhelmed by their copulation.
Sherlock’s face felt two times hotter now, and that was disgraceful, because his blush was spreading to his ears and down his neck. A clear sign his omega was affected by the in-heat alpha’s words.
John was a horrid liar, but nevertheless, he tried, “Yes. Yes, must have been, through that window.”
“How—how much longer?” John wheezed, wiping the sweat from his face for what felt like the umpteenth time.
Regardless of these thoughts, John still couldn’t refrain from smiling with amusement by how energized Sherlock became. John knew how much Sherlock had been waiting for another case and after all they were married, they had all the time in the world to talk. This was okay, Sherlock needed to stimulate his mind and this case would most certainly do it.
When John sat straddling his lap, knees butting against Sherlock's hips and squeezed in close by the arm rests of the chair, Sherlock allowed himself to look over the alpha's body as if he appreciated the sight. His hands palmed the man's hips and slowly stroked up and down his sides.
John stared through his tears at the hazy door in horror and released the most frayed howl of grief he’d ever bayed. The sobs came then, powerful, treacherous, destroying sobs of absolute anguish for the love he’d lost, for the pain he’d endured, and the loneliness that he had yet to feel.
Sherlock's nose crinkled in a grimace at those useless words. 'Sorry', would not change that his status had been lowered.
“Perfect.” John said to himself, before raising the spoon up to Sherlock’s mouth as a silent offer for him to taste his sauce. “Try some.”
When John finally was free from the watchful gaze of his parents, he still couldn’t be with anyone. The suppressants he took during his years in the army were to protect him from alphas. It stopped him from going into heat, but the side effect of the drug caused him to lack any form of a sexual drive. He became genderless and his drug induced scent worked as a repellant to others. Since John didn’t want to be claimed by some crazed alpha when in heat, he’d accepted such side effects. Now, back home, he’d stopped taking his suppressants and would be ready for his heat in two months time.
John Watson knew Sherlock's punishment was a great blow, but he also knew he needed to overcome it. Overcome the public shaming that followed, the hushed whispers that followed him, the looks he received, and the rude derogatory terms that were spat out in his presence. His respect as a soldier and his status as an alpha both destroyed.
John could do nothing but sigh with frustration, letting go of his agitation with Sherlock because he knew Sherlock couldn’t help it. John was just anxious about the unknown verdict. Stopping his pacing in the hall to seat himself beside Sherlock outside of the court room as they discussed Moriarty’s end game, they weren’t prepared for the barrister that soon interrupted them.
Sherlock's thighs slipped against John's hand, squirming as he did and being as wet as he was, there was no helping it. The omega's body was more than ready for the alpha. John's cock was a magnificent work of art, hard like marble, grooved veins pulsing angrily around the entire circumference of his extensive length. Sherlock needed John, right this instant. His slick had prepared him for this.
The memory of what John had said to Ella, of what she’d said, of what he’d realized seemed almost too much to process.
John gritted through clenched teeth his wants and needs, knowing Sherlock wanted to hear it, and as long as he didn’t have to physically describe it as Sherlock
John had given in to Sherlock's demand because he'd been blindsided by it. It was either he submit to Sherlock on camera or Sherlock leave home and possibly lose his life. So John had ignored every instinct to deny Sherlock's demands and submitted for the public viewing of others, but not again.
"Mary and I have always been close friends. We spent many summer vacations together as children and kept in touch after I joined the army. She understood the reason why we married. I thought we could still retain our friendship over the short time we were married to please my mother."
Sherlock believed it started with a 'J', but he couldn't be sure. If there was one thing he'd learned over the last two years: he couldn't be sure of anything. Not when his mind began playing tricks on him.
John hadn’t wanted his family to know the severity of his bullying, but some days it became too much and he’d returned home with noticeable cuts and bruises, or the school called to inform his parents he’d been severely hurt. His parents hadn’t known what to do, they’d talked about homeschooling, but John refuted their desire. He hated the pricks at school, but he hated it even more that he lived a sheltered life because of his omega status. If he was homeschooled than he’d never really have a reason to go out. It was his one time for socializing, and there were still
Sherlock didn’t mind John’s sudden reappearance in relation to his cases. He welcomed his help and seemed more at ease with John’s visible commitment. John didn’t go out much anymore, and if he did, he made it a point to include Sherlock.
John was filled with such elation. He never thought that showing… that actually feeling his body change, the soft small pouch growing would be such an emotional experience, but it was. It made him feel so warm, lightness in his chest growing ever powerful and delighting. Unexpectedly, lips pressed against his head of hair and John froze by the sudden change. Never had Sherlock kissed him—except during his heat, and technically John had initiated those kisses.
“No, wait. What happened last night… Something happened to me; something I’ve not really experienced before…”
John’s breathing became harsh and short abrupt keening layered each strained exhale of breath. Then John’s stomach roiled nauseatingly and he shot out from his chair and dashed across the flat. He slammed open the bathroom door, before falling to his knees before the toilet and retched out all the contents of his stomach.
Mycroft turned to leave and entered a nearby elevator, contemplating whether or not he should tell Sherlock. Mycroft didn’t think that was the smartest of choices, being as Sherlock wouldn’t be able to focus on his work if he knew and might end up getting himself killed with thoughts of John being in the state he was in now.
"Such a minx. I want to shut that mouth up." John's lips trailed around Sherlock's neck, along the curve of his jaw, near his chin and ever closer to his lips.
"You lied to me." Sherlock found himself saying, breaking his silence at last, and didn't miss the sudden intake of breath from the alpha.
Before Sherlock could register his response, John yanked him back and off the chair. The chair clanged loudly to the ground, but Sherlock wasn’t paying it any mind. John spun Sherlock around and a feral growl erupted from out of John before his lips collided with Sherlock’s parted ones.
“Illustrious. In the extreme. And remaining, I'll have to inform you, entirely anonymous.” An older gentleman said as he entered the room.
Sherlock's blush deepened, but he felt no shame for desiring his alpha's body, preferably his lovely cock.
Sherlock smiled, though John noticed the tightness at the corner of his lips when he did so this time.
It wasn't that Sherlock didn't want John's touch. No. He most certainly wanted it, but if he received it, he'd grow to want more of it, and feel the inclination that John and he belonged together in that way. That would make their relationship all kinds of complicated and indistinguishable. Their relationship was already rather unusual and hard to classify.
Sherlock stared up at John, his eyes softening with voiceless greeting, and stepped to his side of the bed.
Sherlock's eyes narrowed, his fangs descended, and he snapped them in the alpha's direction with warning.
“How? You were on suppressants, so how…” Sherlock palmed his mouth, eyes alight with understanding. “
John wanted to curse whoever deemed it appropriate to make a prank call at—John glanced to the clock on the counter—3:23AM, but then there was a noise on the other end. A sharp inhale of breath and John furrowed his brows in confusion.
Sherlock could see himself acting out foreignly, but he didn't amend his actions. He was most avidly seeking out the alpha. John was his true mate. His only source of reassurance, strength, care and Sherlock was using him as such unashamedly.
Maybe John could leave, take a few days for himself? Yes... John had more than enough money to run away, but he didn't want to use that money.
“Yes. Yes, he is. If I could have removed my scent glands without dying in the process I would have removed everything that made me an alpha.” Sherlock answered.
“John.” Sherlock spoke insistently, standing from his chair and staring alarmed when John raised a hand to his mouth.
Sherlock perked, sitting up straight, face tensing in preparation for what it might be John requested of him.
Mr. and Mrs. Holmes were already seated when he entered the dining area. They’d greeted him and Mrs. Holmes began talking nonstop. Mycroft entered several minutes after John and seated himself quietly, flashing a smug grin to John who ignored him. Sherlock entered after they’d gotten halfway through their meal and seated himself beside John.
” Sherlock was breathless, voice high and wavering with emotions, needing John to answer him, because his heart couldn’t bear it if he wasn’t.
Sherlock's eyes were still shut and his hands still gripped the bed spreads as John muscled his way out of Sherlock's clamped thighs. Sherlock, panting weakly, shivering with the aftershocks of his orgasm, felt his legs fall open in an inelegant sprawl.
John’s body at last set into motion, but not forward and towards his intended. He stepped back and away, the sharp gasps that sounded drove the fear in him to double and John took another step back. The smile across his intended’s face fell then, replaced with a raised brow of confusion. John wanted to run. He wanted to leave. He couldn’t take the ridicule, the embarrassment of being an omega. Everyone knew he’d been bought. Everyone knew this wedding was a sham.
Blinking slowly, John tossed his head to the side and found a matted mess of jet-black curls. Raising a hand, John rubbed at his eyes in an attempt to clear away the blur and grit hindering him of sight. Lowering his hand over his chest, John lowered his gaze from the tussled mess of dark curls and to the toned alabaster back before him, milky skin tattered and reddened where claw marks bloomed.
man.” John blabbered and Sherlock’s contemplating stare lightened as he’d come to his conclusion—that John was truly alright—and he nodded in confirmation.
John loved it. Loved having Sherlock in him and wondered why he’d waited so long for this. He never wanted to be without him.
Sherlock mumbled out indistinct words of aggravation when one hand loosened its grip on the bottle of the alcohol and sent some of its contents spilling into the sink.
When he stood at the edge of the aisle, his feet inches from the rose petals, the band stilled their playing for one moment before Pachelbel's Canon in D strummed beautifully from their instruments. It was happening. The sudden chatter of guests stilled and hundreds of witnesses turned to take in his appearance, no doubt wondering who this elusive and rare omega could be.
Sometimes, John would hurriedly prepare himself in his room, before going to Sherlock’s. Then he’d rub his bare slicked up ass against Sherlock’s pelvis and moan out his name until the alpha woke. He’d unashamedly beg for his alpha to fill him up, to take him apart, and to ruin him for anyone else and Sherlock would growl a hungry snarl and he’d take him then. Sherlock would fuck John until he was left a trembling mess. After, John wouldn’t stay long. He’d rise from the bed, ignoring that needy look of the alpha and shakily stumble to his room. He’d bury his face deep in his pillow and muffle the pained keening of his beta in grief he couldn’t have more than this.
“No, Sherlock always replies. To everything. He's Mr. Punch-line. He will outlive God trying to have the last word.”
John hated so many things about Irene Adler, but most of all he hated how she asked him this unbearable question.
Even with their distance, John flushed, looked intently to the ground and wrapped his arms around himself shyly. What was this feeling in his chest? He shouldn’t be feeling this way… His heat was over and his omega was in the background now, it was just him and yet… Sherlock smiling at him like that made his chest swell and butterflies flutter in the pit of his stomach.
Sherlock knew that those last few months after his return from the dead had been the hardest on John and he couldn't blame him. Sherlock kept messing up. Even when all he'd ever wanted to do was keep John happy, he couldn't. Sometimes Sherlock wondered if placing John's happiness first had ruined him. In a way it had, but not in the way it mattered.
Regardless of everything else, this was the day John first began to feel the shame of being an omega.
John looked away from the glaring bruise to determine if Sherlock's words held truth. A moment later a deep frown creased the alpha's mouth.
Mycroft came to John’s work, pretending to be a patient under a false name and when John opened the door to the exam room to find a grinning Mycroft, John knew whatever Mycroft was there for wasn’t good.
It was understandable that after such a long wait an alpha would become overcome by instincts and would seek to mount their omega soon after meeting. Why then did his alpha... John didn’t believe the alpha’s reasoning. He was an alpha. Why would he care about John’s feelings? He was trying to trick him, make him believe he was different, kind. There was no such thing as a kind alpha. Even his father, granted he was a good father and husband, he was aggressive and overbearing. Only kind to his family who he loved, but to strangers and people he disliked, he was quite the opposite.
John froze. His breath caught in his chest as he listened carefully in on Sherlock’s harsh pants. He should pull away, but then…
Victor laughed a sardonic, disturbing laugh, one that strengthened and hissed ominous intent, until Sherlock and John stared at the omega warily.
if that was the case. If it was... Gregory could accept that. He'd have to, because his inner wolf couldn't live without him. Even if all he could take were a few kisses and nuzzles, he'd make it work.
"I wanted you, John." Sherlock's face tensed with hurt and anger that John couldn't realize just how much he wanted him.
"Fine!" Sherlock stood to his feet and quickly retrieved a banana from off the kitchen counter and began eating with a deep scowl upon his face.
Sherlock shut his eyes and leaned his head down onto his pillow. Twisting his upper half to lay back on the bed, he kept his waist and legs turned to the side and hummed with enjoyment. Losing himself to John's hand stroking at his hardness through thin lace.
John’s eyes slid to stare into the dark brown eyes of the doctor as he leaned in low to listen to John’s soft whispers.
“Father, we ask now for your blessing on these beautiful wedding rings—that they may symbolize for Alpha William Sherlock Scott Holmes and Omega John Hamish Watson in their union; health, happiness, strength and courage, joy and peace, abundance and prosperity and unconditional loving for each other. So be it.”
John inhaled a breath of fortitude; he took on the responsibility of this situation, rising on shaky legs. His thighs strumming, cock filled up and hard, the wetness of his pants was unbearable.
” John whimpered frenetically and Sherlock couldn’t muffle his own strained whine, his hand loosening his belt, unclasping the button and unzipping himself open all so he could touch himself.
John didn’t speak. Alphas were the top dogs, the most powerful. Sherlock couldn’t deny what was instinctual. All alphas were the same.
John’s brows furrowed in confusion, staring back down at his hand over his bare chest, his breathing stilled. He was bare… much like… John glanced back over to the form lying next to him; teeth worrying his bottom lip, John tried to make sense of his disordered thoughts.
“Are you hungry?” John asked fondly, noticing a bucket of grain and oats hanging outside of the door and scooped up a handful before allowing the horse to nibble at it from his hand. He made sure to keep his fingers straight, recalling his uncle’s warning that a horse could very well bite a person’s finger off during a feeding.
“You’re right, I deduced your past the very moment I saw you, Afghanistan was one of two possibilities I considered. You might wish to shower affection on me, but I must warn you that your efforts will be a waste of time. I have no desire to be a proper husband or mate, don’t expect more than civility from me, John Watson.” Sherlock snarled his name with viciousness and John flinched at the blatant rejection.
"Don't be unreasonable. There have been occasions an alpha made the mistake of marrying, trying to defy what is biological."
Sherlock paused and debated on if he should go light this first time around. Although Sherlock wanted to tie the alpha up and whip him with a leather strap, that seemed a little... too much in the first of what he planned to be many videos of the two together. Disappointedly, Sherlock decided he should wait a little for that. He should take it lightly their first time on camera. Speak more kindly and spank him punish him less aggressively than what he so wished he could do now.
"I'm dying." Sherlock declared, and was immediately answered by a soft snort of hilarity - apparently John could care less about his perils.
, implied claiming, he was certain the alpha stressed that particular word, but why then did he leave? John was bought with the single purpose of mating with his alpha, albeit he wasn’t in heat, that didn’t mean his alpha didn’t have the right to claim him now if he so desired. True, tradition stated that an alpha and omega should first bond on an omega’s heat cycle, but that was a tradition only some practiced.
"No. You can't, it's too sensitive and no amount of prep will help when you are so... Please John. I can't... I can't take the waiting anymore."
The alpha growled lustfully, hands clutched to the damp globes of his ass, running over the smoothness of flushed skin. Spreading the omega’s cheeks apart to inspect how ready the omega really was, John inhaled stridently. He’d never seen what an omega’s entrance looked like when in heat, he’d felt his own, but didn’t have a mirror or the care to really inspect it as all he’d wanted to do during his heat was to jerk off and finger himself until his heat fizzed out.
“You need to start eating regularly Sherlock.”John murmured softly, staring across the table and at the alpha chewing his pasta within Angelo’s restaurant. It was only fitting that they shared their last meal here, the place where they’d shared their first.
“When have I ever said that’s what I want? I might be an alpha, but I have never thought of having children, and I can assure you that even if I wanted them, my profession would most assuredly put any children I had in danger.”
John palmed Sherlock’s cheek in one hand while his other lowered to clasp around Sherlock’s that rested on his lap.
"How are you...? Mycroft said you were..." Lestrade was flummoxed, attempting to get his thoughts out.
John growled, startling Sherlock. Raising his eyes back up, Sherlock found angry dark blue glaring daggers at him. All at once, John reached out and fisted the lapels of Sherlock’s coat and drew him in close.
John had tried. He had every intention of confessing to Sherlock, but life had other plans. Soon after his talk with Mary, Mycroft came to visit him. He'd then been told that Sherlock had gone missing several days ago. He'd last been spotted near one of his known danger zones. John hadn't known what to think, but thank God Mary was still there. She'd talked him through all the overwhelming thoughts and feelings that were laying waste to his mind and heart.
Sherlock rose from the ground and stared at John mutely for a long while. John did not move from where he kneeled, knowing Sherlock had not given him permission to do so.
Sherlock's senses were ever strong and he scented as John's scent was joined by Mycroft's, then his mother and father. Still, none of them came in as he'd requested it of the hospital. Every so often his assigned doctor would enter and than he would be forced to lay on the bed and allow the woman to check and see how far dilated he was.
"Mary and I, we might be married, but our relationship... It's not a marriage. We're friends. I won't lie, I... We might have shared a bed a few times during our marriage, but it wasn't... I don't love her."
Sherlock sat in his gray leather chair within the living room of their flat, hands pressed together and steepled under his chin, lost in his contemplations.  He’d been aroused? Sherlock masturbated because of John? He’d debased himself with that vulgar act of flesh for John. The last time he’d masturbated — excluding his heat, and from the footage — was…
"It bothers me that you can lie to me. That you could willingly bond, emotionally, with another omega. That omega being
John didn’t pay attention to the priest so much as he’d directed his full attention at Sherlock. The eccentric man glared at the priest as he spoke of a divine union blessed by God, commitment, and unwavering love.
." John groaned lewdly, jerking forward, battling against Sherlock’s firmly taunt muscles to move, and answer Sherlock's wants, because they were his own.
"More." Sherlock husked, and without thought shoved the alpha onto his back and quickly moved to straddle those thick muscular thighs.
"Leave us alone." Sherlock gave as his farewell and strode out of the room, no care to wait for his discharge papers. Mycroft would handle it. Instead, Sherlock tried not to contemplate what Mycroft had said.
Lowering his hand to stroke over the alpha's upper chest, soothingly, giving off a sense of false discomfort, Sherlock leaned in close, until his mouth hovered near the alpha's right ear and spoke calmingly.
Pulling away enough so to meet those dark sparking blue eyes, John smiled and Sherlock palmed a heated jaw, pressed his forehead against John's, and sighed contentedly. Nuzzling the alpha's nose with his own, Sherlock reached down with his free hand and felt for their joining, his outer rim was stretched to hold the knot of his alpha, but feeling the stretch of his rim he could feel the knot within give sporadic pulses, filling him further.
John said nothing, only stared sorrowfully at Sherlock, leaning over and pressing his head in his hands once again.
but that Francesca Holmes was a real character, who brings their dog to a New Year’s party? Guess we know who she’ll be kissing at midnight.” John laughed heartily and Harry snickered with amusement, nodding adamantly.
A woeful howl thundered through the room, ringing out, echoing around him, so powerful and damning.  It left him before he truly realized he’d done it, his omega was taking over completely and John couldn’t silence that part of himself, not now that it was at its most strongest. John let go, shutting his eyes and releasing a heavy breath, he welcomed the most primal side of him and belted out another wrecked howl, deafening, keening, and doleful whines followed.
Alphas mated to omegas survived the death of their mate with pain in their hearts that never diminished.
“I don’t count. What I’m trying to say is… if there’s anything I can do—anything you need, anything at all—you can have me. No, I just mean. I mean, if there’s anything you need, it’s fine.”
John took a step away, eyes dampening, and thought about all the pain he’d caused Sherlock these four months. All the times John rejected Sherlock. All the cruel words he’d told him.
Sherlock felt helpless, something he’d never felt before. Nothing was working out the way it should. He was an intelligent man who always thought several steps ahead, and yet, he kept failing. There was no point in calling John back. If there was one thing Sherlock knew, it was that John was annoyingly stubborn when he wanted to be and if he didn’t want to talk to Sherlock, John would just avoid his calls.
"You don't know, do you? It's probably because you have never interacted with other alpha submissives, but submissives smell different than a regular alpha. You carry the musk of a alpha, but the bitterness of your scent is sweetened, almost like an omega. An alpha submissive's scent is so much sweeter in order to attract their omega counterpart, or so that's what they say. I heartedly agree, by the way."
“Kill you? Eh, no. Don't be obvious. I mean I'm going to kill you anyway, someday. I don't want to rush it though. I'm saving it up for something special. No, no, no, no. If you don't stop prying, I will burn you. I will burn the
This didn’t stop John from taking the moments he could get. Even when Sherlock was working a case, John would steer the alpha's attentions on him, so that he was number one. John would pull Sherlock’s chair away from the study table where the consultant detective was looking over the paper works of their case. He’d seat himself on Sherlock’s lap and kiss him hard, bruising lips, nipping and soothing the swelling of his lips as he did so and Sherlock would groan into his mouth, kissing him with just as much need, then Sherlock would clear off the table with a swoop of his arm, seat John over it and take him fast and hard. John would then be left lying on the table in a mess of hot cum with a fat knot deep within his ass, packing his hole full of Sherlock’s release. John would stare up at the sex flushed alpha looming above him, lean arms at either side of his chest where the alpha pressed his hands supporting his weight as he leaned down and planted tender, caring kisses on the stunned John. He wasn’t complaining though, John eagerly took every one of those gentle kisses the alpha bestowed upon him.
Sherlock shook his head and deciding the detective’s office would be the best place to have this conversation. Sherlock pivoted and entered the D.I.’s office and waited for Lestrade to follow.
“My parents bought you for me, John. It was wrong. The laws are set up against omegas and I’m sorry for it, but at the same time I was pleased it led me to you and I wanted to ignore the injustice of it, because it gave me you and…
A warm hand took hold of Sherlock’s and gripped tight, even when Sherlock tensed and stared at their joined hands, never looking away from them.
John woke up early the next morning. It was his day off and, instead of spending it sleeping in, John decided to get ready for the day. He hadn’t really made plans for today, but after their visit with Dr. Levy the day before, John felt energized. Instead of staying in bed with a slumbering Sherlock, John headed for the kitchen and prepared them breakfast.
Sherlock palmed the dampness of John's cleft, fingers finding their way through the crease. John hitched a breath the instant Sherlock fingered experimentally against his hole, and John’s entrance willingly opened. A moment later Sherlock added another and John eagerly swallowed whole. When Sherlock pressed a third, John quaked against him, arms and legs tightening their hold.
Throughout the night John was led by Mrs. Holmes, much like Sherlock was, to meet members of the Holmes family. All were stuck up prigs that John knew he would only have the misfortune of meeting under Mrs. Holmes’ direction.
"Look what you did to me, John." Sherlock husked, cupping his under belly, his other rubbing the dome.
…” John rasped deeply, leaning in closer than before all so he could inhale the scent of his husband; Sherlock smelled so bitterly sweet, so nice, overwhelming and heartening at the same time.
Untangling his hand from out of Sherlock’s hair, John rose to his feet and smiled down at the seated alpha before him.
Sherlock didn’t move, didn’t speak, he just stared. The fierceness of his eyes doused out and was replaced by utter disbelief and…pain?
Sherlock couldn’t stop himself, not now, and reached down to palm himself through his slacks. He’d forgotten what it felt like to feel his erection -- excluding his heat, that did not count. Massaging himself through his slacks, Sherlock felt himself hardening completely and bit back a moan as his pre-come soaked through his boxer-briefs.
Sherlock spent most of his time, much like his mother, drinking glass upon glass of red wine, while fiddling with his mobile under the table as not to be found out by the ever watchful Mrs. Holmes.
Sleeping in separate rooms was God-awful. In the end Sherlock wandered out of his room, up the stairs leading to John’s. Knocking softly and receiving no answer Sherlock would enter and the omega would already be fast asleep.
John rose to his feet and walked slowly with an arm around Mrs. Hudson’s shoulder, allowing the woman to guide him passed the kitchen, long hallway, and to a spacious bedroom. John quickly noted this room was pristine, neat, everything in its rightful place, and so unlike the mess of the living area.
Movement from behind them had John turning and Sherlock on edge as a figure appeared across the pool.
“Bring it in.” John requested, surprising himself, but as he was enjoying his bath and he didn’t want the tea to cool down, this seemed like the best option. It wasn’t like Sherlock could see much, the bath salts had turned the water a dark murky blue, the side of his upper body and his knees were the only things visible, but as he was crouched close, nothing was open to viewing.
"The son didn't do it." Sherlock said, ignoring the looks he was receiving by everyone and instead choosing to circle the dead man on the ground.
Pressing the pad of his thumb against the opening of Sherlock's entrance, he gently rubbed the silk-like flesh. It was soft, pliable, almost plush. The slit slightly dipped and opened by the gentle, and so careful press of John's thumb. The rim of Sherlock's opening wavered, muscles contracted around his thumb, attempting to hold fast and swallow his thumb wholly. The resistance was slight by the tender press of his thumb, but he knew--no matter that Sherlock was at the peak of his heat and his body was undoubtedly ready for him--no amount of preparation would ease the breach of his cock.
John's hand pressed between Sherlock's two, and the omega opened them up, unsure what John wanted. When the alpha took Sherlock's left hand in his own and raised it to his face the omega took a sharp intake of breath. Sherlock stared wide eyed as John raised his hand up to press against the alpha's rough cheek and nuzzled it as if it were the most treasured of things, and it was. Anything of Sherlock's would forever be treasured by John.
John broke their stare out of anger and self-loathing. He hated being an omega, helpless to defy his fate. All the fighting, all the arguing, all his avoiding of this very moment amounted to nothing. He was to be wed and when his heat struck two months from now, his then husband, would breed him. It wouldn’t even be considered claiming for how artificial their relationship would be.
Again silence fell. The two stared at each other; John felt that Mycroft’s gaze was far more piercing, as if he could read every thought running through his mind.
After that, the cases seemed to get all the more complex. The Golem was the worst of it all; John hadn’t dealt with hand to hand combat for a while, and the Golem was a huge bloke. Sherlock attempted to take on the Golem alone, but it was too much for even him. John fought with the Golem when Sherlock was down for the count and protected his stomach at all costs, but that left his legs and head open for the brunt of the man’s attacks and when they’d finally been freed of the Golem, John’s head was spinning. He’d immediately felt the gentle, insistent touch of Sherlock’s hands, heard his calming voice. Sherlock wanted to take him to the hospital, but John knew the case was more important. John reassured Sherlock he was truly fine. He was a doctor and knew his body could handle it. If he even suspected his pups were in danger he’d go to the hospital, but as it was, John would have some bruises and a killer headache, but his pups were fine. Sherlock didn’t leave John’s side after that, always having John within eyesight.
