“Oh, yeah, I remember.”
John’s arms were wrapped tightly round Lestrade’s waist and hips. He pulled off and explained,
“Where’d all that money go, Sherlock?”
It was Openshaw.
“Hello again.”
Bringing me to my knees even as you lie supine on the floor.
“As a child, yes, our families were close friends, but I haven’t had any contact with her since my youth. Different circles, you know. I was not her attending physician, and I am as horrified as the next person at the violation. Scandalous!”
“Oh, God,” groaned the Alpha, the one with the funny name. Well, they both had funny names, so that didn’t help much. The younger one with the funny name had thrown his beautiful head back. He had dark curls and a sinfully sculpted pout. John could not resist licking the expanse of swan-like white neck.
Lestrade pushed the martini glass to the left. “Try that.”
He chuckled. Then he looked down. He was nude save for a tiny swathe of chartreuse-coloured silk.
I slammed both hands on his shoulder, and he dropped to his knees as if shot by a firing squad. I opened my trousers and in less than an instant, my aching prick was welcomed into his mouth, spreading his lips as if it were the most beautiful, most natural, most glorious thing in the world.
“There you are,” said Mike, addressing the model and compounding John’s surprise.
“The pythons travel from neighbouring forests and fields through the sewer system in search of rats,” Seb explained as he worked. “They’re constrictors, you know, not vipers, so I really don’t fancy playing David Niven with a cane sword and stabbing it for you.”
“Lower your gun.”
Sherlock nodded.
“Oh, I don’t know. Perspiration, in some cases, does convey a certain vigour.”
“Like the view?” asked John.
Sherlock groaned. “And to be paid in fairy cakes!”
“One night with you.”
Watson drips.
“I’m going to fuck your mouth hard, Sherlock.”
“You wanted him to plunder this hole, Mister Holmes? This one?”
Handkerchiefs were exchanged with angry snatches.
“Of the two of us, we both know who’s the pony, Sherlock. Lustrous mane, long legs, uncomfortable-looking hoofwear, in desperate need of reins all the time, a crop to the flanks occasionally, and…”
“Are you still interested?”
I smashed my lips into his, then grabbed his head on both hands, steadying it so that I could drink my fill from those gorgeous lips.
I learned the word 'ambsace' while reading Dorothy L. Sayer's Lord Peter Wimsey story "The Fascinating Story of Uncle Meleager's Will." It means a roll of two on dice, or the lowest roll; it can also mean something unlucky.
“Oh, c’mon. That was very chaste.” John licked his lips. “You taste funny, Sherlock. Sweet. Are you wearing make-up?”
Rating: Gen
“Cuddle. Now.”
“I don’t have to rely on impressions,” said Stanley. “I’m the chair of the orgy committee.”
His stoic calm simply collapsed, slid down his chiseled features until it was seen no more.
But there were no casual observers. No observers at all.
In the end, I cried out, his name on my lips, and, after catching my breath, got to my feet, leaving a wet patch on his trousers.
This is a good option if I want a quiet night, and sometimes I do want a quiet night. The world can be so horribly noisy. I can keep you gagged the whole time.
The night was interesting, fun, even, as they led each other gleefully into lust-fueled oblivion.
Catching that band of crooks was the most Christmas-y thing that she and Sherlock had done and the holiday was, John counted, a week away.
The Fairy Pools were as beautiful as described. We were alone in our enjoyment of them.
They complained, of course, about the prices of things and the dirt. And they drank. Gin, mostly.
It was Pavlovian: the smell of leather upholstery would now and forevermore make John hard.
I ignored the remark. “And while it was something to see—”
MacCoy snorted. “Yeah?”
And, if I were brutally honest, in my more desperate moments, I dreamed of possessing him, corporally. I knew to indulge in such thoughts was the way of madness, so I distracted myself with restless travel, continually pushing forward while looking over my shoulder for Moran and any more of Moriarty’s remaining supporters.
“I’ll leave you both to wank here and go sit on the first prick-shaped object I find, if you don’t eat this glitter, too.”
Length: 500
Mycroft laughed and nodded.
The enemy, of course, is cold. Sherlock does not, cannot, feel cold, and so the low temperatures made lower by howling winds and heavy snowfall mean nothing to her. If the flat were cold, she wouldn’t notice it, except through chance observation of the antique weather station in the corner of the room. And, for her own comfort alone, she wouldn’t care.
Sherlock Holmes, Mrs. Hudson
“You should offer to make her a pitcher when she tallies the ‘extras’ on the rent.”
“I’m aching to…”
“Uh, Sherlock? Is the table moving by itself? I thought you cleared this place of all the wires and strings and tricks.”
He looked down and shrugged.
“You heard me.”
And as ever, somehow Sherlock understood the message in the feral sound.
“Do you know what I’d do if I lost you?”
“I don’t know. I never knew you liked them, is all.”
“She was planning the crime, Watson. I spun that yarn about a play because I didn’t want her to lose face. It is such a pretty one.”
“Lower, Seb, and a bit harder.”
Mycroft uncrossed his legs and turned slightly and looked up.
“Yes.”
“She saw you kill him. She didn’t realise it at first, or, indeed, as I mentioned, for some time, but it eventually dawned on her what she had seen and how she must’ve been a pawn in your chess game. Constant had been drugged by you the night before under the guise of a remedy for his toothache. Mrs. Turner, not being able to rouse him at the time he’d requested, jumped to the most morbid of conclusions and went, as you foresaw, across the street to solicit your help. With a former Scotland Yard detective living across from one’s residence, who wouldn’t? You broke in the door and made the necessary exclamations. She hid her face in her hands. And you slit the poor sleeping man’s throat.”
“John?”
Sherlock eyed a short stack of files on the corner of the desk.
“You taste even better than the bourbon.”
“Just like spiced cocoa,” slurred red John.
Puzzle Love
The scene was cottage garden and back door. There was enough distinction to make the puzzle interesting but not so much as to overwhelm. Holmes had chosen carefully. Not too many pieces, not too few. A quiet but not tranquilising landscape. Rich colours which might appeal to Watson’s artistic sense, which on a visual scale was much more sophisticated than Holmes’s own.
Jim hummed along.
“In gross terms, John, the squid are cows. They’re being milked for their ink, much coveted on the black market for its use in a cocktail purported to cure male impotency known as a ‘Kraken Ink bomb.’” Sherlock flashed his mobile at John and Mycroft. “There’s your culprit, Lestrade. I’m certain your officers will catch him, uh, black-handed. Come on, John.”
“Then why don’t you gentlemen go first and lower your guns.”.
“WHAT?”
Legs were spread. Legs were tucked.
This is the recipe for a
Molly whimpered.
His lips form. a silent O.
I placed a hand on his head and began to stroke his hair and, in a while, he sniffed and raised himself to sitting.
Sherlock did.
Pink cheeks flamed red. His lips curled in a hint of a smile. “…confident.”
Compliance was not difficult.
I see it when I close my eyes: his mad kicks, his mad clawing at air, his mad fall, his mad body striking the rock.
“You mean Frankenstein’s creature.”
Molly disappeared behind a standing partition, then reappeared in the gown with her hair hanging loose.
I chuckled. “Well done, Doctor. Your limits, I still shall never get them.”
…stopped abruptly, emitting a noise of surprise.
And listened.
Jim tossed the crop aside and began to fuck Seb’s mouth with the same rhythm and roughness that Molly was using on his hole.
The 5 times Holmes exposed his pajamas to the gaze of the public and the 1 time he didn't. Humour. Crack. Holmes/Watson. Rating: Teen.
“And what? They are ghosts! I suppose they’re trying to frighten us.”
“I’ll keep ‘em coming until your finish your story—but I want the truth.”
Sherlock led John to the sofa where they finished their very chilled champagne and proceeded to kiss and pet each other into a mutual state of haute arousal.
“That’ll be a problem. I don’t have much of a poker fa—
“So it is. What if I hadn’t called you up this morning? What would you have done in your pretty green dress then?’
Sometimes Sherlock marvels at the probability that he, Sherlock Holmes, is allowed to end his day in the arms of someone like John Watson. Sherlock calculates the odds, but in the end, attributes the phenomenon to something much more John-like: luck or faith or another superstition.
But I'm not completely done. I've still got Dia de los Muertos so the plan is to sneak in at least one more that I didn't have the time or energy to get done in October. Then I'll probably take a bit of break and get the batteries charged for Christmas!
John ate and drank, then turned her head.
“Really? That’s unfortunate. You know, Sebbie, why wait? The way you’re looking, I could go right now. Come here and let me…”
Rating: Gen
“Good Lord, no. Please, well, I suppose, if you must, but no, damn it!”
“The Adventure of the Three Three-Quarter.” While the bodies pile up, Holmes, Watson, and Lestrade spend the whole case arguing whether the answer is nine quarters or fifteen quarters.
Stella shrugged. “YouTube?”
Rating: Mature
“That’s why you smell so…” Sherlock moved back to lick at John’s neck and their bond mark on the slope of his shoulder. “…delectable.”
Seb found his rhythm.
“They can try,” said Jim dryly. Then he nibbled at the fine brunch casserole that Seb had prepared. “I think we should lie low, Sebbie, for a while. Just in case. There’s plenty to do here. The bathroom needs retiling.”
“Indeed, Detective Inspector. Is there anything else you wish to do on the final day of your holiday?”
“Holmes!” exclaimed Watson over tea. “This is your doing!”
Content Notes: pre-slash; Holmes/Watson; library book renewal trope; crack
For National Puzzle Day; the last of my Lestrade/Lomax ficlets (for now!); follows on from [Rating: Mature]
“Perhaps a dog.”
“He’s the best the Yard has,” interjected Holmes.
“And the other?” He made a vague gesture toward the ground.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Let’s get the whole thing off,” murmured Sherlock as his body responded to the friction of steady up-and-down rubbing of his prick.
“Why would that—wait, how do you know?”
“Now why do you say that, Mrs. Hudson?”
Someone in an official-lettered vest made a motion to Sherlock.
Lestrade laughed. “Yeah, you know us hardboiled detectives like our gin and Rosa’s lime juice and nothing else.”
“Now, Lestrade…”
“As with so many things, there is method in my madness, Watson. No one will think anything of two clowns doing this.”
You are not gold. Or lead. You are the very formula by which the mundane, my existence, is made to dazzle.
“It’s been said many times, many ways, but never I think like this.”
Five steps.
Lestrade smiled. “Might work. We’re about...”
“My turn?” asked Jim.
The bonds have finally cut into your wrists and ankles.
“Is that why you’re here, Hopkins? To complain about Sherlock?”
Mycroft whimpered and spread his cheeks with two hands.
Holmes whipped a little book out of his own coat pocket. Then he took up Hawkriver’s copy and opened them both to the relevant pages.
like this,” John whispered. His hands dropped to the buttons of Sherlock’s shirt. “You’d be naked and prepped and stretched and plugged and ringed and rosied.”
When Sherlock had released John’s cock, John rasped,
Bringing in the sheaves.
“So, what are you most worried about saying? Say it now, and we’ll get it out of the way.”
“No, those days are over. I’ve got a hip, but…” She nodded toward the bonnet.
“Gregory?”
As I’d dwelled on it, the plot twisted and grew more depraved.
A delicious, rumbly chuckle.
“Now, pay attention, Bessie,” said Mrs. Hudson with a smile, “a witch’s role is not just to further her own work, but she must also be ready to lend a hand in assisting other supernatural agents in theirs.”
Men might flee breakfast tables, but they do not weep at them. I mumbled a trite phrase or two and headed for the stairs.
But if Seb handled it, then he wouldn’t get to see Seb in his white dinner jacket, mingling with the well-dressed crowd.
Title: Everywhere
“So good,” murmured Sherlock, collapsing onto John, sticky with sweat and panting in little gasps. “So full.”
“I am not the man that I think I am.” I glanced at the sketch of the dragon. “And I will never be…”
There was a snap, and a scrap of day-glo cloth landed beside Mycroft’s slipper.
“Naturally. Come on.”
It’s a test of something, John’s not certain what, that he meets Sherlock’s eye and does not flinch or look away or flee. He keeps his body, his expression, his voice as relaxed as he’s able while running this gauntlet.
Molly glared. “All right. Let’s try something straightforward. Seb, where are your clothes?”
“That’s a bit rough, Boss. Let her come first. She’s almost there.”
Sherlock gets two surprises at the end of a case. Vampire AU. Sherlock/Mycroft. Songfic: Rob Zombie's
Notes: Holmes/Watson. Sleep sex. POV Holmes.
“So does hiding under a mound of zombies, but…”
“I’ve no cases on, and I shan’t take any until you’ve recovered.”
“Fuckity-fuck!” Seb muttered under his breath. Mission aborted. Seb had been assigned the role of distraction while Jim planted the evidence on Conyers, but the distractor had got distracted, and well, there you go.
“You’ve been plugged all night?” asked Mycroft, spying the protruding ring. “Oh, I’m going to wreck you.”
“Mycroft Holmes.”
Fear. Sorrow. Guilt. Panic.
She well knows her fear is driven by base selfishness, primordial instincts.
“True, it’s a crime.”
“I’ve half a mind to pour bourbon all over you and lick it off—”
“To use Mister Ambrose Bierce’s words, I’ve always been, among the Watsons, that black sheep who might at any moment to disgrace the flock by bleating in metre.”
Lestrade was naked, too. On the rug. With his hand wrapped around John’s prick.
There was treasure but also, as it turned out, Beelzebub and his mistress.
Shakespeare once wrote of tides and floods and fortune, and the Bard’s words are no less true when the affairs of men are their crimes, at least, those crimes which possess features of interest to the discerning connoisseur. The fortune to which the private crime resolver is led is quite often lucre plain, that is, fees gratefully and swiftly paid and the occasional valuable token of appreciation bestowed after a discrete interval of time, when the dust has settled, as they say.
Damn, damn, damn.
“Perhaps that boathouse over there, there might be a box of croquet things atop the opening to a secret passage leading to yonder manor house.”
Here's one recipe for
“Holmes, you won’t believe what I just saw!”
Irene thought of imitating the caress on her own body, but immediately discarded the notion: her coat and gloves and dress beneath were too much obstacle. But she felt her muscles tense and relax, tense and relax.
“Shall I apply the lineament to your back as well, Mister Holmes?”
“This way,” said Mycroft, gesturing to an open door. “You’ll have to be searched before leaving Sherrinford.”
“Yes, I have been using myself up rather too freely, but my compliments to your tailor, Watson, those trousers are rather flattering.”
And she felt herself getting wet, all over again.
Here's the recipe for a
“Sherlock, of all the crimes…”
“Toby’s a bit of perv, but you knew that. Bad Toby.”
“Well…”
“After the last job? No. We need to disappear for a bit. The Mediterranean. Our own dot on the map.”
A job requires Seb to clean up. Feels. MorMor. POV Moriarty. Rating: Teen.
“Thank you, Holmes,” I murmured as I folded myself in his arms.
“Excellent. Might require a bit of acting as well.”
Impishness is learned at mother’s knee, and I have always been the more apt.
Toby meowed that he thought it’d be a good idea if she celebrated by getting up and feeding him.
“You’re extraordinary; you’re amazing; you’re fantastic, John,” chanted Sherlock between gulping breaths as he leaned forward and fed John more of his cock. John had already suckled the leaking head and licked up and down the hard shaft. Now he was softening the back of his throat and breathing deeply through his nose as his mouth filled.
Jim growled.
Mrs. Hudson smirked and said, “I thought as much.”
He gave a dismissive shrug but waited for Bessie the housemaid to enter and leave before continuing.
“Keep apologising.”
Here is the recipe for
“We don’t want additional trouble. You played with their affections. It was diverting. You didn’t intend for Elliot to take the dagger from his brigand chief costume and stab his cousin because of it.”
They’d planned. They’d cut. They’d stitched.
By my second cup of tea, I’d decided acrobat was the most likely candidate. After all, how many cases had Holmes investigated where the culprit’s physical prowess proved a vital clue? The skill required to scale a wall, for example.
“Oh, God. Oh, God, Oh, God. Sherlock! SHERLOCK!”
“Young and rosy?” teased Martha.
John took a deep breath. “I, too, on occasion.”
belying autumn’s pall.”
“Oh God! That’s them?”
Sincerely,
John chuckled. “Want a distraction?”
I turned to face Holmes
“What, now?”
“They are scales.”
“Bunny,” I supplied weakly as I handed over the dog.
“What’s the plan?” she asked.
For Kinktober 2019 Day One: Masks. I did a whole long Johnlock masquerade ball fic last year, so this is all I'm going to do this year.
With lips still suckling, Mycroft unfastened his own trousers.
The stranger settled on the opposite end of the bench.
Lestrade almost groaned. “In the shower.”
Sally grinned. “Then I suppose we’re even.” She closed the distance between them, cupping Janine’s face, kissing her hard, and pushing her back against the interior wall.
You kiss my shoulder. “What a work of art you are!” you whisper.
"Oh, God, John, yes!"
“Fine, just don’t stop, you horse-hung god.”
Jim closed his eyes as the point of the blade pierced the thin skin under his chin. The burn travelled southward, straight and sure.
“Good evening, Watson!”
“Of course, yours.” The final ‘idiot’ went unspoken. “Let me show you.” Sherlock reached up and hooked his fingers in the waistband of John’s clothing and yanked them down in one strong, deft jerk.
Her hands opened the robe and unbuttoned the nightgown. Her breasts, hanging full and beautiful, got larger, came closer. He breathed in her Omega scent which grew thicker and thicker as she moved towards the bed.
"; prose-poem
“Rough spell of pneumonia, chills, cough;
“Thank you, Watson.”
“I’m wondering what’s prompted this unusually public display of affection between an international criminal mastermind and his sniper.”
Author’s Note: There’ve been many versions of this song recorded. Here’s the
“Sherlock, I will stay with you through this, if you want me, naturally. If you don’t, well, I’ll hover at a distance and bite my fingernails to the quick until Stamford develops that serum and injects you with it.”
“Aw, Boss.”
“Aren’t you impressed?” asked Jim. He extended both arms and spun slowly ‘round, allowing Seb to view the whole ensemble.
It, the second from the top on Mycroft’s left side, was extended through one of the tailored apertures in Mycroft’s pyjama shirt; it turned the page.
Moriarty threw the post down with a grimace. “Bills, junk, doesn’t anybody write anymore?” He looked about the flat. “Seb, you home?”
“Yeah, but, uh, perhaps not here. Wait, uh…”
Molly took a sip from the long green straw and tried not to giggle.
“To the victor go the spoils,” whispered Mycroft. He looked into Sherlock’s eyes and ran the tip of his tongue along his own incisor.
Sally sat up and grimaced. “Tiresome,” she said.
Length: 500
ridiculous.”
(nowhere near
“I kiss you. I don’t stop kissing you.”
“You’ve got questions.”
My curiosity became almost too much to bear. How I slept I shall never know!
I mean to say, bright and early the following morning, there appeared the formidable Mrs. Gilchrist.
“You’ve been stealing from my family’s estate for years, Cossington. My father turned a blind eye to your crimes, but I am not my father.” Mycroft looked up and there, peering over the edge of the well, with two delicate paws braced on the stones, was a fox.
Title: Hammam Bouquet
“I mean you no harm! I swear! I just want to ensure you’re unhurt.”
“Must’ve been a bit difficult.”
Holmes squatted before me, our eyes level.
“Mycroft.”
“Bit lower?”
Sherlock's experiment makes a huge stink. Johnlock. Omorashi. Desperation only. Assisted masturbation.
“Good night, Watson. I’ve a bit more on this experiment—”
“Suck it like a good baby,” cooed Seb, “or your Alpha Daddy won’t fuck your sweet needy cunt the way you like.”
“Perhaps Mrs. Hudson is on very intimate terms with Father Christmas.”
“I can’t just be walking by on an exceptionally clement afternoon in October and happen upon a spirited athletic competition and pause to enjoy the spectacle?”
“I really don’t know how to thank you,” said Stella, smiling.
Holmes coughed. “Watson, I don’t doubt you saw something, but…”
“I just picked up a copy of tomorrow’s itinerary from the coordinator.”
“Catch you later.”
“No. Thanks. Tomorrow.”
.’ You love it, don’t you, Mycroft? Being conquered by my worm.”
“Of course, Toby! Sardine time!” cried Molly.
“Got something nicer.”
Holmes & Watson go to a rural harvest festival with sinister results.
“Your turn.”
“Boss, let’s play with him.”
“Well, that’s quite a list,” said the young man. “So, gentlemen, are you ready?”
“I’m off to Barts, then the Yard!”
“Congratulations, though I’m not surprised. Your teacher?”
“…so, Kent business is running amok.”
Sherlock chuckled. “Contact lenses.”
“So you say. Those were the slate-coloured pajamas. No time to collect a dressing gown. Or what was left of it.”
“I don’t need a nanny!”
I do not remember the decision to inhale. I do, however, remember the earth abruptly halting in mid-pirouette while the hooves of the noble beasts of our hansom cab continued to make their music on the street.
“Yes. And see, Watson, you can do what I do, with a little help.”
“You, Sister Beatrice, I was thinking of you.”
For the DW story works Flash Challenge photo #1 (of the bookshop/library).
I had no plans to pause in my toil, but as I opened the door, I caught sight of Holmes looking at me, and the heat in his eyes rivaled that measured by the mercury.
“Something like that. I just can’t,” Watson sighed heavily and looked at the newspapers, “I just can’t read any bad news today, and the papers seem to have nothing but. Greed, dishonesty, cruelty. Even sheer accidents, like that overturned lorry of yesterday, speak of lives cut short and loved ones sunk into sudden penury. Perhaps it is cowardice, but I can’t read one more word of it. This morning I want to drink my tea and eat my buttered toast in perfect ignorance of the misery of the world.”
“Hello, John. Great costume! Detective Inspector Lestrade is the eggs?”
John licked his lips. “Like I said, ‘extraordinary.’”
This is a continuation Day 3 [
“And Mrs. Dittany Brown, last night’s victim?”
“Tomatoes and roses.”
“My dear man,” I whispered.
She trembled and lowered herself back down to his mouth.
“There’s a kernel of truth in every caricature, Sebbie.”
#235: the wrong key
“Oh, sir!” wailed the child.
Molly climbs on the bed, straddling Irene’s waist. “You’re mine to take care of in whatever way I see fit—until you safeword—then we cuddle! And drink! Get out of her bag, Toby, none of that for you!”
“Yes. Next stop.”
Soon, Irene was swathed in the warm bathrobe and she and Toby were occupying the window seat.
Lestrade shrugged and said, “It usually hits where I’m aiming.”
“As you wish. The leader of the gang was obviously a physician, an Army surgeon, to be precise, recently returned from service abroad. Doctor?”
“Would you like one?”
“This is police brutality!”
Mycroft looked about.
There was a knock.
“I’m sorry my raid ruined your date, Mister Holmes.”
Mycroft worked with no little skill and aplomb, but Lestrade feared that he, too, would lose his balance as he was squatting awkwardly to avoid soiling the knees of his trousers.
“I hate to say it, but…”
“Yes, my dear, am I going too fast for you?”
There had been some awkward silences at the beginning, but he and Mycroft had persevered and found common ground. Old films. Old cars. And the surety that the chocolate raspberry martini, which they both noticed as it floated by on a server’s tray on its way to another table, probably looked and smelled much better than it tasted.
Then the stars fell. They rained down in cascades of tiny shards of neon, in showers of electric sparks.
John sighs and reaches to cup Mycroft’s jaw and inch closer to kiss him.
Seb's undercover as a nun. MorMor. CRACK.
Lestrade groaned and grew harder at the voice. He banged his head back against the door. “Christ, you didn’t call me to tell me you want me shooting my load down your throat?”
Another nod, shakier than the first.
“I am ripping out the red columbine in the morning. Anxiety and trembling, no. How about an arbor of climbing roses, instead? I’ve seen a lovely specimen called ‘New Dawn.’”
“It was the spray,” intoned Watson. His eyes went to the quilt and the square just above Grodman’s left shoulder. “Like a tangle of red poppies. Mrs. Turner remembered seeing it through her fingers.”
Holmes squeezed my shoulder. “That
Notes: Follows
Not fit.
,” sang a voice.
Stella looked up and smiled. “Patience. Persistence.” She bent to kiss Sally’s clit as her fingers continued to thrust, then curl and twist inside her cunt.
Sally threw her head back. “Fuck! You’re going to find that pearl because you’re a fucking genius at finding things. Like that.”
“By Jove, Holmes!”
Mycroft grunted and stepped closer to the edge of the bed.
There was a mumbled request. “Come together?”
Fresh from the scene of crime solved, with a heady mixture of pride, awe, and schoolboy lust still throbbing in my veins, I was restless, to say the least. My body verily thrummed with the unspoken, the pent-up. I rubbed my hand down my thighs for the hundredth time, spreading my fingers then curling the tips downward, gripping the dark wool of my trousers with a cat-like clawing.
Holmes, Watson, and Lestrade arrive at an unusual crime scene.
“Thank you for hiding me,” said Lomax to Lestrade. “I might’ve lived, but I’d have been ruined professionally and personally.”
I've run across a couple of different recipes for a Dead Man's Chest. Most are rum-based tiki drinks.
“Gregory?”
“I haven’t much time, your Rosy Highness,“ he said as he slipped across the leather seat.
“Anything,” he begged like a Shakespearean hero.
Was that what he was calling it? Very well. Better than ‘when I was pretending to be dead.’
John crossed his arms over his chest. He worse a tight vest, camouflage trousers, and boots.
tubes, and a Bunsen burner with its blue flickering flame.
“That would be lovely. I should like to see this lady with her family.” Then he sighed and tapped the document between. “I’m afraid I have to get on with this.”
To say the least.
‘Sort of’ wasn’t a phrase often heard coming from Sherlock Holmes’ lips.
“Yeah.”
“My dear Watson, it is.”
Something in my very soul trembled. My vision blurred. I shook my head slowly.
“That girl!” she exclaimed. “She will not do!” She took up paper and pen did her best to remember the contents of Mr. Holmes’ note before the defacing.
“You, uh, missed a spot. Two, actually,” said Sherlock.
“Your eyes,” Lestrade adds, looking away.
But he always forgot. He didn’t even know if it was the same cock from winter to spring to summer to autumn.
“Good.”
is a cocktail made from candy corn-infused vodka, cinnamon syrup, lemon juice, and seltzer. It's also an awful pun on the name of a 1984 horror film.
“The ears do add a certain something.”
“Fascinating.”
Mycroft raised an eyebrow.
“And the uniform! And the badges! Fuck, yeah! I’ve got to find a troop. Maybe they’ll make a Colonel. Right there, Seb, right there.”
“What?!”
John covered his open mouth with his hand as he stared at the screen. He looked at Sherlock whose face was a very embarrassed pink and very shocked pale.
“And breakfast. You said ‘breakfast.’”
“I know!” cried John. “I should’ve asked! I should’ve waited until you got home! They were for Hallowe’en!”
Reassured that there wouldn’t be any fires or other mishaps, Mrs. Hudson turned her energies to the gooseberries in full. She had them cooked, strained, stirred and whipped with cream by the time the savory pie was bubbling.
“Come on, boss. One more heave and I think that’s the lot of ‘em.”
Then Sherlock’s mouth roamed, biting and licking, until he reached the waistband, then using just tongue and lips and teeth, he pushed inside the lace.
On the way home from the Halloween party. Sherlock/John/Mycroft. No incest. Car sex. Mentions of drugs.
“Yes, they were a credit to village. Noble of heart as well as comely. It’s a pity that the mother of the girl who was favoured to be crowned the May Queen chose to express her disappointment by murdering one of the judges.”
“So do I. Maybe we should go for a swim someday.”
But now John had the candy cane.
Seb frowned.
“Deal. Happy Christmas.”
“Salmon may also be poached.”
“Well then, what’s my type, Mister Holmes?”
Length: 660
“Tomorrow.”
“John?” he mumbled.
“Is there, by Jove?! Oh, well, let’s see that was remarkable and worth every—“
Lestrade took a swig. “You were a kid, Mycroft. You were all kids.”
Summary: Watson reflects.
“The satisfaction of the puzzle solved. And this.” He held up the handkerchief. “Fantastic extravagance, indeed.”
“Really?”
“Hmm? I fiddled with the cuffs a bit.”
The yellow umbrella!
“FUCK! FUCK!”
“John?”
The mobile in his pocket began to vibrate.
“It’s not my mouth that’s bandaged, John.”
“Pleeease, Sebbie!”
“Oh, yes, you can. The tips are getting slick right now. One will stretch you and slide right in and find that sweet spot while the other coils like a python ‘round your—”
“Would you like me to take it off? The dress, I mean.”
The book was blank.
John looks up.
For the DW picture prompt Amnesty Round 5 picture #53
“Ravings. Mad ravings. You haven’t a scrap of proof—”
“That’s me!”
“Thanks again,” said Lestrade, rubbing his chest.
“We know what we know because Marion’s boss hired a private investigator named Milton Arbogast to locate the $40,000, and he was in contact with Sam and Lila at the beginning of the investigation. The trail went cold quickly, and Arbogast disappeared. The money was never recovered. The last thing Arbogast told Lila was that he had suspicions about The Bates, and that he was going back to investigate. Then, nothing.”
“You were?”
Length: 500
“Yes,” said Irene, answering her expression. “That seems to be the consensus.”
“Thank you. And you’re correct, I have heard it a thousand times. But it’s never unappreciated. Ready?”
John pulled his shirt over his head and tossed it towards the door.
Mycroft matched Sherlock’s rhythm, stroking his own prick, nudging the sunken dildo, and sucking on the soiled lace.
With his May Queen crown woven from the choicest blossoms in my garden.
Lestrade looked down at the tiny table, the two tiny plates of tiny food, and the glasses, one mostly full, one mostly empty.
“Yeah? What’s that?”
SMASH!
But, no, that wasn’t right. The mouth was fucking him.
Something is thrown against something. Something shatters.
Through the pain, Seb squints. “Yeah, sure,” he says finally.
and Sally's by
She straddled Seb and began by bouncing on his prick. She caressed her torso, twisted and lifted her hair, stretched and writhed.
“I’ve got a friend, in fact; his heat starts tomorrow.”
Then their eyes met.
“It was worth a shot.”
“Fair warning, I might snore through the latter.”
Notes: magic mirror AU
“Very subtle, Watson.” He began to tick things off on his fingers. “We are dealing with someone who knew Hawkriver very well, knew the forests around his home very well, had access to Hawkriver’s possessions and was willing to take an enormous risk.”
“He wasn’t good to begin with. I don’t know how he’s kept his job. Well, I do know, but still. He’s a bastard.”
“Such a good Omega.” John kissed Sherlock’s temple. “My brood mare is the best brood mare.”
“KIR ROYALE! SUCH A GORGEOUS COLOUR! AND WITH A JUST COUPLE OF TINY ALTERATIONS, IT CAN BE WORN AGAIN! HAVE YOU SEEN JOHN? JOHN?! WAIT FOR ME!”
He didn’t judge, but he didn’t enjoy it, either.
“They’re for you if you want them,” said John. He stood in front of Sherlock and let the pants drop on the arm of Sherlock’s chair.
She smiled. “What was it?”
“How lucky are we, Sebbie?” breathed Jim, watching her.
When John reached the correct address, he had found his client shot through the head.
You lick your lips and add,
…the mouth.
Well, a gift.
“Mister Holmes’s train has been delayed, and Doctor Watson is enjoying a good book. They shan’t disturb us.”
“Titties as pretty as these deserve gold stars. Do you want your stars, sunshine?”
Lestrade stared at the ceiling. A grin slowly spread across his face.
Mycroft smiled a shy smile that made Lestrade’s heart leap once more.
Interesting. And surprising, which is, of course, interesting.
“Seventeen minutes.”
“Anything. Absolutely anything, Gregory.”
Then, walking on tiptoes, he sashayed towards the bed and crawled on all fours toward the head and the bank of pillows, with his arse raised.
Holmes finished his purchase and stepped close to the door, drawing me nearer to him.
“Just the tattoo!” you protest.
Oh, there might have been an ancient watchman crying out, heralding new day!
John leaned in and whispered,
Sherlock pulled off and said petulantly, “My royal jelly! I’m queen!” His crown shook, and his golden antenna bobbed.
He wrapped his arms around her and buried his nose in her hair. “You are so very lovely.”
“Oui, Mademoiselle.”
“No.”
He climbed the stairs and pushed open the bedroom door.
Mycroft made a dismissive noise. Lestrade sipped.
“Oh God.” John was so transfixed by Sherlock’s words and the sight of their cocks and hands, both dripping with his saliva and their collective pre-come, that his lower half slowed to a stand-still.
I nodded.
message, Mister Holmes.” Lestrade stacked the files on his desk in the out box. He swiveled round and swiveled back with a thermos flask and two mugs.
“Oh!”
“All of the above?”
Mycroft stood and turned. The tentacles retracted through the slits in his shirt.
“Or like this?”
Irene extended a hand and led her up.
“You made this for me?” he asked.
And now it was over.
Length: 400
“—teach you the pleasures of the unholy amalgamation that is cinnamon, nutmeg, ginger, cloves and allspice.”
I can't believe there's a cocktail called a silver fox, and I haven't used it yet! Shame on me! It's gin and amaretto.
“Ah, yes. And you, my dear man, turn brown as a nut.”
In a moment, the far door opened, and something resembling a wet rat in a miniskirt and platinum wig settled against the leather interior.
“Come home with me?”
Sherlock huffed. “Speaking of staying with me, I’m looking for a flatmate.”
“—decorating the inside of a toilet. Don't suppose we're going to make that party, eh?”
A County Clare Cooler is Irish whiskey, apple cider, lemon juice, wildflower honey syrup, Benedictine, and ginger beer.
“No, I’m afraid not. I can see no flaws in it.”
“Don’t bother with 686. I cut both feet off. Tonight. Seven. Can’t wait!”
Sherlock tugged the purple silk up so that John was straddling her bare thigh.
I held out my hand. He took it, and we walked to the tree, ducking beneath its umbrella canopy.
The noises that accompanied Watson’s enjoyment of the apple, however, continued to distract, more so the flutter of a white handkerchief ridding his mouth of its wet sweetness, its sweet wetness, its…
“It’s a lovely dress.”
“Hello? Hello? Not speaking today either, eh? I thought yesterday it was because of the change of table. I thought ol’ Methuselah finally got his ticket to ride, but, no, he’s back today. And you and I are back here, in our usual spot. I thought maybe you were cross ‘cause of the table. Or maybe you were jealous. I hear fairy folk get jealous. Maybe you were jealous of the painter who wanted to do a daub or two of me. He wanted to do a daub or two of you, too! Us, together. Of course, I couldn’t talk much myself while he was at it. Don’t want anyone to get the wrong idea about me. I know I’m talking to something that’s not there, that’s not real. I’m not mad, I’m just lonely. I didn’t bother to put on a mask for the fellow, I let the fellow paint me as I am, bored, lonely, and half in love with you.”
“I don’t know,” I said dryly. “He strikes me as a singularly unimaginative type, but we can’t know precisely what Miss Allen thought, can we? Poor girl.”
Mycroft wants to show off a liquor in his tantalus, but there's a problem. Mystrade. Johnlock Silly crack. No smut.
I held open the handkerchief, now half sodden, and then folded it again so that the monogram and the caduceus surrounded by forget-me-nots, meaning, of course, ‘true love,’ might be seen to better advantage.
“Just a bit. Drinks after?”
“Naturally,” said Mycroft as he sank his cock into Moriarty’s hole, threw his head back and groaned,
“Yes, well, I suppose someone more conventional wouldn’t have blown a hole in the bottom of our boat and left us marooned on a sandbar.” My voice was the driest part of me.
“I was also your painter yesterday and your waiter the first three days you visited this café.”
He came again. And again. Then suddenly, he fell completely still.
“I bang the door. ‘John! Open up!’”
“What’s that?”
One side of the quilt slid down the settee.
“Sometimes you’re the Rat King, sometimes, the Nutcracker, but then there’s the Sugar Plum Fairy.”
So they pump and fuck and no one reaches for the key.
For the LJ 1_million_words comm Weekend 'fortune cookie' prompt.
“It’s late, Margaret. Why don’t you stay?”
Author’s Note: For the LJ Holmes Minor monthly prompt: dog days.
“Yeah.”
Her fingers were atop the red material and then they disappeared beneath it. His mouth watered and, almost involuntarily, the tip of his tongue touched the roof of his palate.
“You were doing the Lord’s Work,” said Lestrade.
“When you get inside, find the second tower platform from the left.”
I drained my glass of its contents and allowed the empty vessel to clatter onto the small table. I set the papers aside and continued,
“I know, love. Come here.”
Seb crossed the threshold of the bolt hole he called ‘The Bedroom’ just before dawn
Sherlock settled himself in his armchair. John mirrored the act.
Tightening, tightening, tying. Repeat.
“For a pantomime for a Hallowe’en orgy,” said Irene.
Sherlock nuzzled the wiry hair on either side of John’s cock. “I’ll see what I can do about that.” He gave John’s cock one long lick from end to end. Then he suckled just the head, teasing the slit with the tip of his tongue. Then he swallowed John’s shaft until it brushed the back of his throat.
Marie tucked the bottle under her arm and hurried up the stairs. She’d just had time to set herself to rights when she heard the door.
“The gang was not violent, but they carried off everything of value, including our clothes.”
“No, that day in Kensington. You could’ve struck me instead of fainting.”
“Penny for your thoughts,” said John as he dropped a wet flannel on Sherlock.
“Yes, Mister Holmes discovered your error and rectified it before any harm was done, but he did have his fun in telling me the story afterwards.”
For the 2019 Merry Month of Masturbation Day 4.
“Yes, sir,” said Georges.
Sherlock did. Then he buried his face in the cleft of John’s lace-covered arse and began to lick.
I exhaled loudly, then strode into his consulting-room.
I snatched up my thin notebook and fixed my eyes upon its contents.
Mrs. Hudson gives Bessie a very important lesson about their craft.
“Thighs?”
“MEOWR!” protested Toby.
Third egg.
,” he stressed the word as only he could, “would see them for what they are.”
John’s chin rose above the bar. “Nineteen,” he grunted.
Sherlock Holmes chasing a lover!
Just a photo of a pink-iced fairy cake resting on a bare hirsute chest and a stiff pink prick jutting out beyond.
“Did I scare you?”
Holmes ducked before a second tin could hit him square in the jaw. He stood between accuser and accused, which, stood proud, staked and tied but, admittedly, not in bloom.
“For green and Nature.”
“All God’s children, Seb. Christ, you look good in black. The wimple, Sebbie, the bloody wimple, it does things to me. I never knew.”
“I’m not. I didn’t even know this book existed. And, I’m not a Lord, but if you fancy being seduced by a goblin…”
“Not surprising given how long I’ve been looking at your arse. It turns an arousing shade of pink when spanked.”
“Gregory, I don’t deserve such consideration.“
Click!
There was a little moaning but most of it drowned in the chatter of the room. Their eyes met as she turned. Her dark dress had a short, wide skirt and a low neckline.
I returned to my attention to the experiment before me, and by the time the quest for truth released its grip on me once more, I was being serenaded by Watson’s snores. One of Clark Russell’s finest sea stories was about to plunge from his lap to the rug and one of the fruits—the choicest, going by its beauty—of my latest fee was tucked beside him in his armchair.
“Oh, Greg better get himself together! The game is on!”
Her skin warmed; she dropped her head, catching sight of the stairs.
John pushed his fingers between Sherlock and Mycroft’s lips. Their mouths sucked greedily as their hands tore at his costume. When fabric and flimsy props had fallen to the bedroom floor, John ordered,
Another night in a country bed. With no case to distract.
But for now, they roll back and forth, trading parts of gentle surrender and benevolent conquest, of swelling and cresting and sinking. Soft, slow, as if they have all day and tomorrow and the next. As if they have infinite reserves of strength and stamina, of wit and wakefulness.
“Doctor’s orders.”
He smiles at his victory: a split-second gasp drowned in John’s sleepy gurgling.
“No.”
“Then, yeah, I’m in.”
“At least give me two!” whined Mycroft.
Mrs. Hudson coughed.
“John.”
Seb spat on an already soiled flannel and proceeded to do his best mother cat impression with Jim playing disgruntled kitten.
If you like drugged glitter making them do it around Hallowe'en, please go back to chapters 36,
Seb is, by nature, a slob.
“Really? Wow! From my lips to God’s ears. Or…”
“I just wanted to show my appreciation for everyone’s contribution to the recent case. Scotland Yard brought me the case, my brother provided crucial intelligence, Watson was there when action was most necessary, and when the culprits, seeing that the crimes were going to be found out, decided to launch a preemptive attack on my person, Miss Clock’s well-polished set of stairs foiled them as swiftly as a skillet to their heads, which Mrs. Hudson provided for good measure. And what Scotland Yard brought to the doorstep, Scotland Yard also carried away from the doorstep. I did not solve the case. We solved the case. To us.”
“No!”
“Watson didn’t say to collar me, boss.”
Sally eased away and twisted until they were face-to-face. Then she took one of Stella’s hands in both of hers and began to draw ribbons of massaging fingers from wrist to palm.
A yip woke me.
Irene’s hips began to roll. Molly’s, too, as she smoothed more sunscreen onto Irene’s shoulders and stomach.
No answer.
“We have every hope of clearing the matter up, but we find a little difficulty in getting anything to work upon—”
“Hot chocolate!”
“OH SHIT!” exclaimed Jim when he saw the last of a long scaly tail disappear down the hole in the toilet.
“It’s a woman thing.”
Greg laughed. “Horror-struck is a bit of challenge when you’re all decked out for the season, and I’m afraid no amount of eggnog is going to change that.”
Seb sucked while fondling Jim’s sacs and teasing Jim’s rim with a single spit-wet fingertip. He swallowed Jim down as he came, then said.
Holmes, Watson, Lestrade, and OCs.
“Yeah,” said Molly. “And if I keep Rosie two days in a row.” She eased the sides of the cardigan apart, revealing two wet patches.
“I am jealous. I want to be your mate, every day of the month, every stage of the moon.”
this labyrinth is but a trap,
“After I clean this, I’m going to assess your vision and motor faculties and then I’m going to call Oakenshott. You may have sustained a grievous injury, Holmes.”
Length: 373
“He’s a clever cat.” She tapped the shaft of the riding crop against her palm. “He figured you out, didn’t he?”
Lestrade grinned. “Please what?”
“Well, mine are non-existent,” quipped Lestrade. He clapped a hard hand on Alphonse Unworthy’s shoulder. “It’s going to be an unfinished work of art, Mister Unworthy. You’re coming with us.”
Mycroft knocked twice on the partition, and the vehicle began to move.
“By singing.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Come on,” she said. “The next room’s quieter.”
“Damn. Uh, what to do, what to do? I don’t have a Typhoid Mary fetish, or I’d defy this bloody quarantine and give you the best hug of your life, Mister Holmes. But you asked if there’s anything else I require, and I think I am in great need of a tossing off partner. I mean, I can’t spend all day watching films and reading books and caulking bath tile. Are you amenable?”
“Where are we?” she asked as Sherlock eased over her.
“Uh, how about kahwah?”
“That’s awfully obliging.”
“Before or after he beat you to a pulp?”
Jim growled and gnashed his teeth and thrashed between them like a small, angry alligator.
Fifty steps.
!” Violeta cried. Then she sighed, and her expression softened. “You need a holiday, Francisco.”
Author's Notes: I saw something on Tumblr (which I can't find now) about collagen production and how wounds don't ever actually completely heal and that in cases of extreme scurvy, old wounds will reappear as if fresh. Also, for the Holmes Minor monthly prompt: the violet.
“I was thinking I might suck on a toy tonight,” murmured Lestrade before he licked up and down Mycroft’s erect shaft, “while I sat on another.”
She rubbed herself slowly, letting her pleasure build, then she slipped her hand inside her knickers and rubbed some more. She teased her clit for a short while, then leaned up and slowly peeled off the jumper.
“The bees don’t seem to mind,” said Holmes soothingly.
“The gross gross?” asked John.
“Don’t you want to worship me, John?”
“I’m delighted.”
“Okay. Those burns to your fingers,” John glanced at one of Sherlock’s bandaged hands, “must’ve somehow fried that supercomputer brain of yours or else my technique tonight leaves
“The Pink Princesses and the Pea-shooter?” mused John.
“Not true! You’re quoting something! What?”
“In case I make a mess…”
“Fuck!”
“Sometimes,” Lestrade leaned closer, “for some unfortunate sods watching films about little green men in flying saucers makes them incredibly…”
essie entered the sitting room and froze.
It was then that I realised: the voice was in my right ear.
“Holmes, I must return to Baker Street at once.”
“Your Queen requires royal jelly,” said Sherlock, licking his lips.
John could get over how naughty and delicious to be out in the open doing this. Taboo and yet completely natural, too. He’d had two long days of hard labour, and the release seemed like an appropriate reward, his due.
“Come, Watson.”
Sherlock began to whimper.
The thrill of the unknown, the anonymous.
She might have turned them and ridden his mouth, but there was no need. He was pressed fiercely tight against her, his tongue buried inside her. She cried out over and over. She knew she was squeezing him between her legs, but he was gripping her arse just as hard and pulling her to him and his mouth, and his mouth, and…
“How did the tune go?”
“You feel it’s time?”
Seb was laid out between them.
“You may.”
fine. But what you drink isn’t coffee. It’s a nursery milkshake!”
John twirled a ribbon of orange peel around his finger.  “Old fashioned. Like me. Muddled. Bitter.”
“And you would’ve come bursting in a like the proverbial bull in the china shop, something I avidly wanted to avoid. I did what I set out to do. Father Brown was right:  no one notices a waiter.”
“…of the experience-all-the-wonders-of-nature-first-hand variety…”
It was fun.
“Come have a seat, gorgeous, right here.” Sally blew her a kiss. “I’ll not be gentle at all.”
Mycroft blinked at the security camera. Then he ran a smoothing hand down his tie and waistcoat.
We were both ensconced in our armchairs before the fire when Holmes spoke,
Sherlock winced. “No kennels here. This will be private. And comfortable.”
“Uh,” Mycroft removed a muffin pan from the oven and looked over his shoulder. “Lemon drizzle. Ginger sponge. Victoria sandwich. German apple. Dundee. Chocolate chip banana.”
Their lips met, and Sherlock hummed, her mouth lingering as if to savour John’s.
Jim spread his knees. Sherlock sank slowly.
John bit the centre of each Sherlock’s buttocks in turn. “Bit of arse worship, then fucking and sucking. Sound good, my kitten-up-a-tree?” He removed the plug and let it fall.
Marie smiled and squeezed Martha’s hand.
“I see quite clearly, thank you.” His voice fell to a whisper. “I suppose all artists are plagued with this question, but however do you get your inspiration?”
is vodka, Tia Maria, and whipped cream.
I winced. “I very much wish your husband had got the treatment he needed a long time ago.”
I decide upon the brave notion of watching our Baker Street rooms from afar and sneaking back to my bedroom as soon as I observed Holmes leaving. I would read the book myself, then
As always, you commence to weep in earnest when the faint sound of the instrument being returned to its case travels from your ears to your brain.
John chuckled, and Sherlock rid himself of his pyjama bottoms and spooned his lower half, including his half-hard prick, tight to John’s.
for the DW Watson's Woes February prompt: missive and the February Holmes Minor prompt: cupboards, cabinets, and chests. Sometimes I pick cards from an Edward Gorey deck of cards called 'The Helpless Knob' as prompts. The two cards I got were: Andrew received a postcard for Amaryllis and Albert left for Peru.
“Not really.”
Jim took up the riding crop. He dragged the keeper down Seb’s spine then bounced it on Seb’s buttocks.
Lestrade's having a shitty night until he isn't. Mystrade. Flirting. Anal.
Heavy breathing. Not exactly panting. Yet.
Sherlock’s erection is tenting his pyjama bottoms; there’s a tiny dark stain of leaking pre-come. There’s also the sharp scent of urine. And the cool of tile and ceramic. But John’s gaze is warm on Sherlock’s crotch, and John’s voice is gravely and sleep-rough when he says,
“No! Find another way.”
Sherlock & John discuss Christmas gifts. Light bondage.
“Circus?”
“Refuge?” I asked.
“Twenty minutes.”
An Irish Old Fashioned is Irish whiskey, honey syrup, and bitters.
“Oh no, but he’s already deduced a couple of prospects. That man. And that man. He’s brilliant, but also…”
“And they traded it for a Fabergé egg. They’re supposed to be turning the egg over Stella today.”
Letrade hummed. “The moonlight through the break in trees is gorgeous.”
You whimper.
“Would you like to see my purchase, Detective Inspector?”
Whisky and soda and a naughty story. Could be the makings of an interesting evening.
“The hoops, too, keep getting up and walking off to other parts of the grounds. I can’t say that I blame them. Holmes…”
Mycroft dropped and began to nuzzle at the front of Moriarty’s trousers.
Title: Blue Star Confession
Holmes/Watson
“I mean, good, until Watson’s crying, tears rolling down his were-puppy face. And Holmes is just walking around with this big, honking prick you could bend a poker ‘round. I mean, he’s getting off on this weeping willow act.”
“That bad?”
Sherlock shook his head. “No. But I did manage to track down a key piece of evidence that has been missing from police archives for more than one hundred years.”
“Yeah, I’m concerned. It’s called where-the-sun-doesn’t-shine for a reason, Sherlock.”
“Boss.”
Lestrade had Mycroft pinned to the wall; he began to lick savagely at Mycroft neck.
“Miss me already?”
“Not yet,” admitted Sherlock.
“Soldier, doctor, remember? I am going to test your memory, too, Holmes.”
“Eat ‘em off me, Sebby, too?”
“I’m sterile, but during heat, my pheromones forget that.”
WHAM!
“Hardly. But thank you.”
Length: 200
“I’m a gentleman, ain’t I?” I croaked as I stroked him to swift release.
“Kidnapping me from a police launch, that was a stroke of genius.”
Length: 370
in silence, then they’d carefully, tentatively, tried a dialogue, and when John had first called Sherlock ‘Baby’ and Sherlock had responded immediately with ‘Daddy,’ well, they knew they’d found what worked.
I woke to a figure hovering over me.
Pairing: Holmes/Watson
Length: 325
Harry took her place, facing Clara, straddling John’s head.
“Put a foot on the sill. I want to see you,” said Irene.
Dark grey. Keyhole-skulls. With, Molly had noticed as their bodies had moved closer and their hands intertwined, one eye open and one eye winking.
“Then it’s time to break out the toys, isn’t it?” said Irene. “After I have a taste, of course. Molly, open your legs for me, love. Let me suckle that pretty clit.”
“You have undone me, Watson, but for my part, I prefer to be out of the sunshine.”
“Oh, I could definitely use a helping hand.”
Content Notes: Retirementlock, Hurt/Comfort, nightmare, references to crime scene violence
“I shall endeavor to keep your fears at bay.”
“How can you deduce it’s my birthday? I’ve got new birthday knickers on!” Sherlock snapped the waistband. “Thank you. I love them. So pretty! Look!”
Oh, wicked, meddling, match-making, cunning-as-a-serpent Personal Assistant of mine! There will be words when I return! Words, words, words!
Lestrade’s cock twitched. “That’s better, sunshine. Do you want me to play with your pretty little titties, sunshine?”
“Hey,” said Mycroft. He tossed his curls and looked over his shoulder with a pout. “Hey, hey.” He continued to protest as Lestrade walked him, hobbling, toward the bed and with a second shove, bent him forward.
After a moment of silence, I asked,
“Holmes!”
and the final line of an alternate ending (according to Wikipedia)
John heard nothing, but then, yes, footsteps, growing louder. “One condition,” he said, feeling his adrenaline surging, “about afterwards.”
“Gregory.”
John took half of Sherlock’s cock in his mouth and bobbed up and down as Sherlock’s petted his head and Mycroft’s fingers probed his rim.
He repeated the gesture with increased speed and tighter grip. “Oh, that’s good. Just like that, I think.” He threw his head back and closed his eyes.
“Feels good, eh?” said John.
Mystrade + Johnlock. Romantic. Artful. Fluff. No names so you could imagine any other male slash pairing, if you prefer.
Pairing: Holmes/Watson
“You don’t know?” she murmured.
Mrs. Hudson dedicated herself to the gooseberries with one eye on her kitchen mates.
John was on the bed, covered in a fluffy bathrobe, with pillows scattered about her.
“Take the pills and you can,” says the voice presciently.
to throttle you does surface quite often.”
“G’evening, Holmes.”
Holmes polishes Watson's boots. Rating: Explicit. D/s overtones.
“Oh, look, he finally finished my potion! I’ve been waiting. He said the first eight were duds. I suppose this is number nine.”
I stared at Holmes. “That’s what I pulled out of the pond?!”
I chuckled.
“You were wrong. Admit it, Mycroft!”
He’s been battling weeds all morning, on the attack with garden spade as his weapon.
And Holmes, the blackguard, had the nerve to tut-tut!
I cast a glance at Watson’s sleeping form, then procede.
“M’pleasure.”
“Holy Mary,” breathed John. “Yes. I’m not too sad not to want that prick in my mouth. Lie back and think of something other than England.”
“Holmes!”
“I know you will, sweetheart.”
“I’ve trespassed enough on your goodwill, Watson. The facts.” He pulled a newspaper clipping from his pocket. It was an advertisement for a sweets confection, Mrs. Minnie Warrender’s Velveteen Violets.
“I’ve no taste for brandy, sir.”
of encore aplenty
Stella kissed her. “I’m going to find it. Then we’ll celebrate."
“His last from her,” added Watson, removing his hat and wiping his brow. “She gave the game away with the postmark. She had been playing with the brothers, sending them adoring missives supposedly from ports around the world when all the while she’d been a few miles away, married to another.”
What followed was pure logistics.
“Yeah.”
They almost always met at Marie’s because there was no telling what would be going on Martha’s, but once Martha had been so under the weather that Marie had gone with pots of soup and toddy and fussed over her friend in between stitches.
rose in his chest.
“Three weeks or so.”
The Fly walks into the Spider's parlor. Mycroft/Moriarty. Suspension.
“Fuck! I never thought you’d be interested in me.”
“Among other things and I am expecting to see you in my professional capacity on Monday.”
“It appears to be one scene in a larger literary work, a scene where I am the recipient of a most intimate gesture. You are not surprised in the least. Did you know of the existence of such works?”
Summary: Holmes is teaching Watson how to swim.
“The one about Madame Tussaud’s considering opening a wing for well-known crime-fighters as well as notorious criminals?”
DW Watson's Woes Spooktacular prompt #5 [Unsettling Vocabulary: Use some of your favorite spooky, haunting, or otherwise scary words!] and DW Spooktober [Table 2/Day 27] Raking Leaves.
“Oh, right.” He nodded. “Well, if you want a good-night snog to go with these.” He smiled and produced a spray of violets.
“Perfect,” said Seb. He rubbed his coarse thumb over her bottom lip and kissed her again.
Seb told him.
“Then get on with it!”
“I’ve got his brother in a cell in London!”
“Say it anyway,” said Sherlock.
The praise heaped on the meal, chicken and field mushroom pie and gooseberry fool, was legion and not hyperbole in Mrs. Hudson’s opinion. Conversation flowed, and it seemed that on a long train journey, the gentlemen had discovered they both had at one time had an aunt in Dorset and that had led to a discussion of meals at their respective aunt’s houses and dishes they were especially fond of.
“Fuck!” whispered Lestrade. A third was tickling his rim.
“It’s magnificent.”
Sherlock looked sheepish and handed the Molly the flask.
“John.”
“God, yes.”
Watson's first excursion outside after a long illness.
In the Sunshine
Mycroft didn’t wait for a reply.
“Not quite…”
For as soon as Watson is asleep, I am surveying the plains and valleys of his body with my tongue, tasting and exploring.
A Naughty Snowman Coconut Cooler is coconut milk, coconut rum and vodka (among other things).
John pulled his shirt over his nose and mouth and staggered down the hall. He collapsed against the bathroom door.
“Doctor, you forgot this.”
And the boss hidden beneath the plaid blanket sucking Seb off like a jubilee whore.
the DW Holmes Minor monthly prompt: saint.
Puzzles are great ice-breakers.
“Nothing changed that night, I simply decided to postpone the act until the money for the room was due. And then, on that day, I ran into Stamford.” I exhaled and fell back amongst the pillows. “We met before. How extraordinary! You know, Holmes, sometimes I have the fanciful feeling that we’ve met in thousands of ways in thousands of times throughout history.”
Lestrade’s eyebrows rose. He crossed his arms over his chest and rocked back on his heels. “You do it for the cuddles?” he asked with a chuckle.
“No. With Edgewater.”
I opened the box and frowned, disappointed.
John’s cane clattered to the floor as he slumped into the chair.
Sherlock raised his arse in the air and spread his cheeks.
White light rained down upon the masked revelers in the street as they shouted and danced and twined their procession between us.
“I suppose.”
“The illustrator will be
“Only temporarily, Bunny.”
“This is more than work. It is a life with meaning and joy. Thank you.”
I touched the first photograph, drawing a fingertip across her brow as if to dispel the sadness from her eyes. Courage, she never lacked though fortune was exceedingly unkind. I could do, be, no less.
“You knew at once it wasn’t a model or a mannequin lying on her side in that pumpkin despite the ceramic mask.”
He shook his head. “No. It isn’t.”
“Not to look a gift fuck in the mouth, but…”.
Watson observes.
Title: A Pearl in Cowslip's Ear
A tiny wail rang out. Sherlock and John smiled and said in unison,
“Give them my regards.”
Mycroft teetered on the edge of an old-fashioned swoon, then caught his breath.
“But you’re wrong. Nothing to do with Abû Tabâh.”
‘Your life is not your own. Keep your hands off it.’
BEEP!
“I could switch the information with another corpse in the morgue database and intercept it on the way to the crematorium.”
Of course, when I left the country, there was no one to cope with such villainy, but now he had no reason to return to London, and he’d be devoting all his resources to revenge. He’d be coming for me, swift and sure.
He smiled, the warm smile he reserved for quiet moments and genuine mirth.
John’s brain came online, bit by bit, and remembering the previous night, he found himself mildly surprised that Sherlock was even there.
John stared, then blinked. “Some Friday night, huh?”
“No, quite right. What kind of potion is it?”
Mycroft gawked. “That’s…”
Sherlock the Fucking Machine & John at the end of John's heat. Omegaverse fluff & feels.
“I think I’m a bit intimated by Phyllis. Are you certain she isn’t, well, a criminal mastermind?”
I had envisioned the whole scenario. I would place Holmes in the earth as one might tuck a sleepy child into bed. And then? And then I would join him. I would lie curled beside him, pull the dirt atop us like bedclothes, and rest.
“Sir?”
“Now, John, through his heart with your cane! Quick!”
Summary: While swapping stories with Watson, Holmes reveals more about his relationship with Victor Trevor.
morning newspaper.
Sherlock shook his head.
“Is that a hint?”
“—two guest passes to the Northumberland Avenue bath.”
“What?”
“You hate PG Tips.”
“Wait. You’ll get my prick in a second.”
He pulled out the books.
“All hours. And we find Sherlock Holmes…”
“All right.”
And then Seb was finally offered the arsehole he'd wanted all along, and he fucked it savagely as the lead was transferred from ring to hand and tightened.
“Yeah,” said Seb, rising and wiping his mouth.
Sherlock Holmes, even when he’s sunk in moody silence turning over his latest problem, tends to dominate the room. Mrs. Hudson, too, is a force with which to be reckoned. Patients, oh, patients. They require acumen and compassion and, yes, plenty of their namesake. The club is very chatty. There’s always someone back from somewhere who wants to talk about what he’s seen or else talk about everything he missed while he was gone, even if, especially if, he’s been gone since the Crimea.
The door swung open. Light flooded in.
Investigate
John popped the can. “Cheers,” he said, offering it to Sherlock.
“Watson?”
“If you’d asked thirty seconds after we met, the answer would’ve been a whimpered ‘yes, please.’ Does there happen to be any more tea, Gregory?”
“One.”
Her bra was red, too.
For Kinktober 2021: Day 13: Omorashi.
“As good as all that?”
Sherlock groaned.
He was out there. Somewhere.
Like the petals on the floor.
Mycroft tried again when they returned from the pond, presenting Sherlock with the wooden puzzle and, once again, explain in even more simpler terms, what the aim was, but Sherlock just repeated his staring and made no attempt to solve it.
Lestrade takes up swimming and meets Mycroft at the pool. Hard flirting. Rating: Teen.
Holmes and I spent the night in Edinburgh and resumed travel in the morning.
“God help me I didn’t! It was pure sport! Richard was coming closer. I told him to stop.”
“Yeah. You?”
“The ‘we’ is rather fine, Watson, is it not?” remarked Holmes dryly.
I was frightened.
Noticing that the pink trail continued from the kitchen, Lestrade took his glass and his half-eaten pie and followed.
“Long day?”
Irene hissed as Kate touched one of the many bruises on Irene’s back.
“How so?” he asked with an impish glee in his eyes that said he knew full well how so.
“No, that’s my job,” said John.
Mycroft went.
She took it, its heft belying the delicacy of its colour, a pale chartreuse.
Mycroft poured fragrant liquid in the flask lid.
“Wicked boy! On your knees!”
“This watercress, Marie.” Martha made a noise of delight.
“Blew the fuse, eh? It happens. Well, it’s been a pleasure, Sherlock,” said the puff of smoke as it snaked towards, then through, the door. “Let’s see. To continue this little game of ours, I need a human host. Oh, look, that slob from IT. He’ll do.”
“Right here?”
Sally wiped her mouth on Irene’s inner thigh. “I know we typically keep our personal and professional lives separate, but seeing how your client ruined our rope, how about we try these,” she held up the pair of handcuffs, “for dessert?”
“Hold on, lover,” said Lestrade as he gripped Mycroft’s hips tighter and angled himself to full advantage.
If Mrs. Hudson was surprised when the invitation came, she gave no outward sign. She simply remembered that she had some Victoria sponge fingers and a bottle of elderflower cordial that would go nicely with the dessert.
Sherlock hummed as they walked.
“—drinks in them, they’d loosen up and get in the spirit of the thing and—“
He kissed her again, longer and slower, then twirled her. “She’d never bother with people she’d hate.” His voice softened. He brushed her hair. “That’s why the lady is a tramp.”
I covered the hand which grasped the handkerchief with mine.
Three more of these, he calculated—two if they were extra generous—and he’d have paid his debts at the Montague Street place and would be a position to consider the flat in central London.
Watson rose, nonetheless, and strode across the room. He opened the door for Mrs. Hudson, who was carrying the tray piled high with the remnants of the gentlemen’s evening meal.
John was straddling his lap, impaled on his thick prick, clenching round it for all he was worth. Hands, lovely hands, really, were cupping John’s arse, supporting him, holding him, as strong thighs bounced him hard.
Seb had had no previous idea that Jim liked this, sweaty, dirty, post-game fucking, but if he’d been on the fence about sticking with the team, well, he wasn’t anymore.
Molly glanced down. “I want a break. Thank you, Sebbie.”
The hands were sliding beneath her, cupping her buttocks, then holding her thighs.
“Inspector!”
At the word, Irene’s head lifted for a moment. Kate caught it in her hands before it sank back into the pillow.
She might have fell limp, or even unconscious, but she didn’t.
I have faithful companion.
Holmes went slightly pink. “If you require assistance with preparing for bed, buttons and whatnot, just say the word.”
“A meal?”
Kate’s boots crunch in the snow. Her torch is bright, but not as bright as the broad ribbon of light above, a celestial path leading to the cabin. There is no earthly path except the one behind her; the drifts are smooth and even.
“Even if I’m asleep,” John had whispered. “Especially if I’m asleep.”
“Seb, uh, that’s gross. And Introduction to Assassination and Villainy? Lesson 1: Don’t leave DNA!”
Sherlock/John. Genderbent. Dream sex. Pony play. Sherlock as pony. Set during "The Blind Banker."
“Fingerprinting. Being searched thoroughly.”
The mouth pulled off with an obscene, wet pop. “Public? Shameless prickslut.”
“Not now, Watson, and you may want to have your handkerchief at the ready as well as your revolver. The aroma will be strong.”
Mycroft swallowed and got to his feet.
“With buzzing wings she hung aloft, then near and nearer drew.”
“Indeed.” Irene slipped into the dressing gown offered. Then she said solemnly, “I would be Godzilla for you. Tonight, if you’d like.”
“Sherlock, just out of curiosity, what’s the theme?”
“Oh, Lomax,” I sighed.
apetalous April
So, this is getting a blow job from John Watson, thought Sherlock.
Their eyes met.
“You’re welcome.”
Sherlock met John’s gaze, then looked away.
“Yes. And solving puzzles and crimes.”
Martha set her teacup in its saucer on the table. Then she hummed as she ran a hand over muscled shoulders and another hand over firm buttocks.
“Okay, but do get on with it, Sherlock, that is, if you still want to get fucked tonight.”
“So that’s why I’m so late, Mother,” I teased. “And speaking of paragons of the male physical form in near nude states…”
Victor Trevor/Sherlock Holmes
“Sir, I don’t why you agree to meet with him.”
the DW Holmes Minor June prompt: measure.
“Good enough.”
“I’m so hard,” whined John.
“But there’s a mouth, too, I think, or a tentacle?”
“I suspect we’re becoming so, John. This isn’t mistletoe.”
“God, yes.”
Sherlock was wiping the mess from his face and tasting it. “Another go?”
My eyebrows rose.
“Seb, I’d rather you forget about seeing me here, with this particular beverage.”
“The best,” replied Irene with a grin.
“Only when you beg.”
“That’s why you’re a good detective: you always ask the right the question. A colleague just had a spot for a regular open up. Guess Mrs. Anderson decided that playing Godzilla to someone’s Tokyo for free was better than paying for it.”
That video she’d sent him at Christmas. It was among his favourites.
“Watson.”
They laughed.
“Alas, the temptation for pre-emptive euthanasia would be far too great for me,” says Mycroft. His hand is fondling John’s balls.
“Is risen today!” sang Sherlock as Stella reached for the object. “You’ll want gloves for this.” He drew a pair out of his coat pocket and handed them to Stella.
Sherlock and John hurried off the boat.
“Mm. Vespas.”
“It’s real.”
“But if you’d shown me that sooner I would’ve made a bloody ass of myself for you. Still might.”
Hard thumps on my back sent a briny sea spilling from my lips onto the flat rock Holmes had selected as lifeboat.
“Yes.”
‘Thank you’ mouthed Lestrade before putting his finger to his lips in a silent ‘Shh!’
“And the bees.”
“All right. Whoa! That’s you?”
“Apoplexy,” said Watson.
“I told the truth. He didn’t do it.”
“Maybe he wants you to call him.”
“No, I expect you to die, Mister Bond. But just a little death.”
John stepped his boots farther apart, leaned farther back against the treat, held up the front of the kilt, and coated his cock from base to head with overlapping strokes.
“What now?” he asked.
“Huh. Excuse me.”
Sherlock indicated the five slides on the white sheet of paper beside the microscope.
“Liquorice toffee.”
Sherlock mixes drugged body glitter and a bee pollen smoothie. Dream sex. Sherlock/John & Mycroft & Lestrade & Irene. Warning for incest & drugs & body horror/gore (i.e., what happens to drone bees after they mate with the queen bee).
Something had her wrists pinned to the bed. Something had her legs spread open. Something warm and wet and wonderful was playing with her clit.
“May Walpurgisnacht be a happy feast, my dear Watson, and know that the addition of you is, by far, the best change in my life.”
“You’re fucking amazing.”
An angry father bound to drink—”
“Oh, baby!”
A tongue pushed inside her, and what followed was sloppy and ruthless and hungry and shameless.
“Touché.”
Rating: G
Title: Puppy kisses
John massaged Sherlock’s buttocks in firm, circling strokes, admiring Sherlock’s wanton beauty, and cooing, “My gorgeous little slut, my filthy, cock-loving whore.”
“I don’t suppose Mister Holmes will play?”
But with Mycroft, it just seemed ridiculous. Lestrade ripped it off, saying,
She arched off the bed, letting out sigh after sigh as she came.
The first 100 words of this was written for the DW Advent Drabbles comm prompt 09: Jamaican Christmas Sorrel.
Mycroft turned to find the most handsome man in the world grinning and holding a white cake box. He fought the urge to swoon.
“Let’s see yours.”
Mycroft whimpered.
Summary: Holmes dreams himself into a Bosch painting.
John’s prick is only half-hard, but Sherlock’s mouth is already beginning to water.
Then Lestrade glanced at the clock.
Mycroft cast his eyes downward. His voice fell to a whisper. “Matilda.” He glanced toward the street. “Please, Detective Inspector, my car has arrived.”
“Yes, happily ever after, too.”
It dissolved. Another appeared.
“You didn’t really think you were speaking to a green fairy, did you, Doctor? That the creature etched into the side of your glass of spirits had suddenly come to life?”
He kissed up her body as she shook, nuzzling her belly and her cleavage. He licked her neck and confessed, “They were pussy flowers.”
It was a church that had piqued Holmes’s interest, a church in a very remote corner of the British Isles. Holmes had wanted to take a room at an inn, but, as they say, there wasn’t one to be had, room or inn, that is. But an old army friend of mine, a Colonel Jackson, had an estate nearby.
Title: Breakin’ Dishes
Length: 500
Sherlock/John in an apple orchard. Romantic. Public sex. Manual masturbation and anal sex.
Author's Note: for the LJ fffc 17.02 challenge. The AO3 tag generator prompt was
It tasted like cake, liquid cake.
“We’re standing beneath mistletoe, Detective Inspector. I’m going to set this colourful fellow over here and give you a thorough briefing on how I’d like my Christmas kiss.”
But ‘getting his man’ had also required being fished out the Thames at three o’clock in the morning. Lestrade’s suit, his second-best suit, in fact, was more than likely ruined. Lestrade was cold and wet despite the shock blanket, and he was frankly eager to, either, one, be allowed to resume command of the scene or, failing that, to be sent home to dry himself out and warm himself up properly.
Lestrade pinched his lips together and sigh-snorted through his nose.
Sweet, soft, rich. Cool and warm. Heavy and light.
Bully?
“Yeah, teach me chemistry and I’ll teach you to take my prick.”
Sazerac is a New Orleans cocktail and today is Mardi Gras!
The blue knickers were tiny and sheer and covered by a skirt-like swathe of matching blue lace. Mycroft rubbed his cock through the blue fabric and watched it twitch to life.
John dove.
“And barium chloride,” I said when we resumed our walk and turned toward Baker Street.
In the centre of the cotton padding was a pink, tear-dropped-shaped stone.
Lestrade tucked his head under Mycroft’s chin and exhaled. “Sorry about the ginger nuts.”
“Tea?” asked John.
“…can go hang.”
“What do you think it’s doing to the Dolce & Gabbana?” moaned Sherlock.
“Goddammit!”
Molly ripped her lips from Jim’s.
“Not all of them, Seb. I just wanted to make sure they weren’t poisoned!”
I stifled a laugh. “What blunder?”
But the succour of true friendship is a heady wine. I could not resist it. I could not resist enjoying a few more days beside my faithful Boswell.
“You can’t begrudge Seb his signature move, Molls!”
He cracked the door.
For the rest of the day, I shuffled from club to pub to park bench to pew with the brown paper parcel under my arm.
“Thanks. Nice arse.”
“Is it any consolation that Newman chose you because you have such an impeachable reputation? An alibi of a soldier and a doctor, well, no one would question it, not even the police.”
them?”
When Lomax had finished, Lestrade wiped his eyes. “You’re wrong, Lomax. It’s just as generous."
Moriarty’s eyebrow rose, then he stood and began to unbuckle his belt.
Holmes’s reply was just as soft and confessional.
Watson nodded.
They looked at each other and frowned.
“I break the door down with my manly—“
“Everyone has a price.”
“A pinch you got yourself into by being a
John smiled. “That’s macabre and poetic.”
Disappearing and re-appearing.
“I want to be on all fours,” John panted. “I want you to take me from behind. Mount me. Fuck me. Now!”
For my LJ 1_million_words BINGO square: recovery/aftercare.
“Perhaps. I have some reading to catch up on first.”
“That’ll be £23.”
“But what a way to go,” whispered Seb. He licked the trail of blood and sucked at the tiny slit.
Molly spit. “What?”
“Yes, of course.” Sherlock nodded. Then he added softly, “It was extremely thoughtful of you, John.”
Sherlock’s reply was to spread his knees even wider, arch his back even rounder, and lift his arse even higher.
Sherlock grinned and nodded.
Summer's End is applejack and cherry liqueur.
“You look thoughtful,” observed Mycroft Holmes. “Something bothering you?”
She smiled. “I thought I’d start off with…”
“—by a weak-willed brother and an avaricious sister-in-law. They squandered her family’s inheritance and conscripted the woman as their maid-of-all-work.”
The last of the reptile-themed ficlets. Hope you liked them.
One room. One bed. What a bother!
“With you?”
He looked down and watched the scar on his knee, a faint line he’d received as a child for a foolishness he couldn’t remember, grow darker until it began to bleed afresh, like a pharaoh’s ghost spring beneath a disturbed tomb.
Empty!
going to clean these windows. Something tells me your new landlady’s troubles are just beginning.”
Sherlock remembered a picnic cloth beneath her and a cloudless blue sky above her and John’s wet tongue inside her; she remembered the utter decadence of being bare and caressed by a summer breeze as well as John’s mouth. She had thought then,
“I don’t think so. I have,” a hand touched a vial hung from on a leather cord ‘round its neck, “if I am. I’m Sherlock, by the way, or I was.”
“So does the chocolate go on top of the marshmallow or the marshmallow on top of the chocolate?” asked Jim. He was crouched beside the fire.
“Dangerous.”
The reply was a trembling whisper. “No rubbish talk.”
Rating: Gen
I move slowly, afraid of scaring whatever it is. I poke it again, and when it doesn’t move, I lean in, studying the shape.
“Let’s get you ready for my fat cock, kitten.”
to hear him, so he draws down the bedsheet, exposing his own half-hard cock.
Rating: Gen
Mycroft looked at his own coffee before he spoke.
Jim opened his eyes in time to see Seb twist his grip on the hilt. Now he held it, and lowered it, as if he were going to plunge it into Jim’s heart.
“What, now?”
“How was the sci-fi film festival?”
“Most men…”
“Tonic and strawberries,” said Lestrade. “Because yesterday was Valentine’s Day.”
“She adores the theatre and doesn’t come late!” he added, raising his eyebrows.
“WATSON! WATSON! He is here! Master Jacob! He is here! Oh, you foolish, foolish man, what have you gotten yourself into this time?”
It was, indeed, a hard and dangerous night’s work, but by morning, the murderer of Sir Ronald Adair was captured, and the last remaining node of the late Professor Moriarty’s web felled.
Seb gets a rest cure by the sea. Mormor. H/C. Collaring.
“Goes without saying,” said John.
“I’ll pack the picnic hamper.”
Listening.
“Holmes, all of the doctors you consulted, including this one,” I tapped my chest, “say you require immediate rest to avoid serious damage to your health.”
John tore off the blindfold and realised he was perched on the arms of the gargantuan armchair. He climbed down awkwardly and mirrored Sherlock’s pose.
He hesitated for a moment, then said, “And if I said I wanted to be fucked, what would you say?”
Holmes turned his gaze from the flowers to Watson’s keen expression.
She exited stage left, and Sherlock asked,
“Ouch! Stop, please!”
“But she was very pleased at the silk shift and lace camisole I brought her.”
“There,” said Martha.
I recounted the whole tale before a listening audience and a roaring fire at the cottage.
dining.” He leaned forward and wiggled his arse.
“Cocoa.”
“S’worth a try. Lube.”
Sherlock caught a glimpse of yellow hair ribbon. He noted a lingering trace of citrusy perfume.
because I said I liked it?”
Sherlock sank her hands inside John’s pants and squeezed her arse.
“Seb, what’s going on? Why aren’t you answering my texts?”
Oh, that got a pretty blush.
“These modern gramophones are remarkable inventions.”
“Jesus Christ!”
It's what we both want: a deep cleanse. Sherlock/Unspecified. Bondage. Orgasm delay. Impact play. Bodily fluids, including blood.
I found the name Old Jamaica Grape Soda on the Tesco website. I don't know if it's the most popular or well-known grape soda. We have Fanta in the US, but I know that Fanta isn't the same around the world.
“Wray & Nephew! Did you make Christmas Sorrel? For me?”
Mycroft nuzzled this side of Sherlock’s head, then peppered tiny kisses along the edge of his jaw.
John goes to see the worst hypnotist ever. Sherlock/John. Alternate First Meeting. Flirty banter. No smut.
“Christ, Sherlock.”
For the DW picture prompt fun
“It is my business to know what others don’t. You have twenty minutes to catch the next train to Dover. Don’t waste them.”
“I mean the corpse from the National Theatre.”
Jim licked his lips and smiled.
Mycroft gives Sherlock a ride after Sherlock does some surveillance as a sex worker. Mycroft/Sherlock. Masturbation. Cross-dressing Sherlock.
“They won’t hang for it,” he said with undisguised disappointment.
“For?”
“I’m given to understand you’ve an interest in antiques related to,” he paused for an effect that, indeed, charmed, “law and order.”
“You’ve been keeping yourself for me, Brother Mine,” said Sherlock, noting the delicious tightness as he thrust.
The gag came off.
Mycroft drank.
Lestrade protested. “I couldn’t take…”
“My library runs towards noir and historical subjects, but I’d like to add some science fiction works, the better to attract the interest of a certain someone I’ve an interest in attracting. Perhaps you could suggest a few titles.”
“I hope so. I’m eager to pick up techniques. I tried an SPM a few times, but, well, I hated it.”
“The chickens,” said Marie ruefully.
“Dash it all, man, what were you thinking?”
“Naturally,” agreed Grodman. “I saw where countless number of criminals might have succeeded if but for one misstep or another.”
“I’m impressed. You think on your feet.”
“Yeah, baby, c’mon. Let’s fuck.”
“You said you could identify a software designer by his tie and an airline pilot by his left thumb.”
“What are you grinning about, Boss?”
“Sherlock! Are you okay?”
“A little shaky,” he said sheepishly. Then he felt a firm hand on his shoulder, steadying him.
Author's Note: Inspired by this
Sherlock huffed.
Janine tried to laugh. “I shouldn’t be surprised that you’re still alive. I’ve been lucky, but you always made your own luck.”
“That’s good,” sighed Janine.
An alliterative poem. Retirementlock. Sweet crack. Rating: Gen.
Molly’s full, floor-length, emerald green skirt swished in fairy-tale style as she sauntered from the main ballroom to a side room, which also had music and dancing. She watched the dancers until she spied two figures, one had a lovely gash of a red mouth, and the other full, plump candy-floss pink lips.
“Really, Holmes?”
“Eight. Did I mention that I’ll be wearing nothing but my boots?”
“It’s not open now,” she said as she stood and leaned over the desk. “The door to your office?”
“Hot buttered rum.”
“It’s one thing to dress up as a Love Monster to make a bunch of children happy; it is quite another to attend a—”
“It was a shot in the dark, but an absolutely brilliant one,” breathed Sherlock. “Oh, God,” he moaned as John’s head began to bob.
He blushed. Watson blushed. They turned away from one another, each launching into an intense scrutiny of one of the garden’s many blossoming shrubs.
And then the lights had gone out.
Then there was a warmth enveloping me and the most familiar of all voices chastising me.
“Mary?”
“Yes! How—?!”
“I like ginger.” Moriarty’s gaze danced about the top of Mycroft’s head.
“I’m a retired doctor! I have no patients! Or patience! Those plants mock me! You have honey! Why don’t I have tomatoes?”
That was, of course, precisely what I did think, so I wisely kept my own counsel on the matter.
Mycroft’s prick grew half-hard, and he knew it was time. His suit, like all his clothes, was armour, cage, and full-bodied badge of distinction. His trousers were, now, uncomfortable.
“Oh, baby. Like that?” teased John, straining to watch Sherlock.
“There may have been nothing on her part, Holmes.”
Damn it! It hated having supper interrupted!
Tears. Blood.
“Oh, don’t blame this on my arse!” roared John. “Shit, Sherlock, you’ve got it all over you! That means I have it all over me! Glitter is contagious! It’s like, like, like craft herpes.”
Sherlock eased his pants down to the tops of his thighs. “John, suck.”
John closed his eyes.
“You said it was an emergency! I left a crime scene, you bastard!”
Title: Plagues
“Three cards. Play them as they lay. Pay what they’re worth.”
“Absolutely.”
“Your web, your network of influence, how far does it reach? Can you have me fired? Can you start a war? Can you, oh, I don’t know, make it so my fave, this Snowflake Latte, is served year-round?” Lestrade fiddled with the mug. “Just curious about limits.”
“Yours?” asked John.
John scanned the crowd. “Are you joking? Everyone’s watching!”
Rating: Gen
“For you, there isn’t anyone I wouldn’t fight, nowhere I wouldn’t go, centre of the earth, another galaxy, absolute zero.”
“Colonel Moran!” Seb closed the door, but heard Holmes ask, “What now?”
“And just for the record,” said Seb. "I’ve got the biggest gun.”
“My experiment had some unintended results,” said Sherlock, his silhouette visible through the curtain.
“Date night is over, isn’t it?” asked Molly.
“John.”
“Excuse me?” said Lestrade.
“You’re being a child. Let’s go on holiday.”
Holmes listened, and I was surprised to note that his expression didn’t change. Then he opened his mouth and, to my further surprise, poured out his fantasy.
Seb looked thoughtful. “Mary Shelley’s grave?”
“Trying,” remarked Jim dryly.
“Sherlock.”
Summary: Raffles combines business with pleasure at the bath.
“Yes, and this must be yours, you fire-breathing dragon!”
A B-52 is made of Bailey's, Kahlua, and Grand Marnier.
John reached around and stroked Sherlock’s prick.
“Seb taught you that.”
“I’m so sorry,” John muttered. “I thought I wanted it. Last time—“
There would be no more words from Sherlock now, just needy grunts and whimpers, not even when John yanked his head back by the hair and whispered,
“Christ, boss.”
“You, and you, first.”
Beads of sweat tickle as they roll off my body.
prompts is on tumblr.
Rating: G
“It’s the garnish,” said Sally.
“I don’t know,” he murmured. “Maybe it’s because they go so well with the Westwood.” They kissed again. “Maybe it’s because I like getting caught.”
I threw down the piece of toast I’d been marmalading in distracted fashion and exclaimed,
“Uh, Watson?”
costume, and you would need to ask permission before you strip off all your clothes and start flouncing round the flat in it!”
“Mycroft, I like you, quite a lot actually, and right now, I’d like nothing better than to bury my head in the front of those bespoke trousers and suck that gorgeous cock of yours.”
“But it’s in my bed! In my bed!” wailed John, rising to the theme and ignoring the fact Sherlock’s come was leaking from his hole. “You’re going to fix this, Sherlock.”
“In the first moments after waking.”
“Don’t I always?"
John rolled closer, kissed Sherlock’s lips, warmly, wetly, then pulled away and watched her own hand smooth Sherlock’s dark hair.
Cosy with a capital ‘C’ to start with and they’d done it up right.
“I don’t know. Scars are puzzles, vestiges of trauma and pain, monuments to survival and strength.”
Perhaps.
But that night, the nightmare returned, leaving him a withered husk of a human in the morning.
“It was a very long time ago,” said Mrs. Gilchrist. Then her mask of ruthless efficiency appeared once more. “Time for tea.”
His body.
A Dark 'N' Stormy is dark rum, ginger beer, and a dash of bitters over ice.
“Don’t trouble yourself, Father.”
“I do understand,” he said, “but picking pockets is going to get you into serious trouble. I don’t think you’re a thief at heart. I think you play a part, like in a pantomime, so that you can wear the clothes you prefer.”
Sherlock’s two base tentacles curled backwards, slipped between the loose folds of John’s trousers.
Well, it was the day for it, wasn’t it?
Sherlock obliged.
“Confession. I have many flaws, Mister Holmes.”
I stopped. I gasped. Rain dripped from my coat, and a fatal tumble threatened the crumble.
“I think I just want to go ho—“
“Doesn’t matter.”
“I’m not dying or going to prison for that piece of shit,” said Seb firmly.
Content Notes: early canon, Holmes & Watson, h/c, music
Marie’s gaze was soft. Martha looked down and saw the pale-and-pink bottom and soles of two feet sticking out from beneath the voluminous skirts.
Rating: Gen
“The case. Buried treasure. Escape from a prison island. A man with a wooden leg. Pygmy sidekick. It’s a pirate story.”
“Fuck me,” gasped John. “Happy Valentine’s Day, Sherlock! And God bless us, every one!”
“—gorgeously sweaty, warrior-strong—”
Two a.m. Who stayed at the office until 2 a.m.? Detective Inspectors of New Scotland Yard, apparently.
The aroma of the brown bundle hit Martha Hudson’s nose at once.
“Holmes, if I had tears…”
“I was just thinking there’s an official moratorium on sharing food at the office,” said Lestrade. “I bet I can make a small fortune in favours owed with a little sugar-and-spice contraband.”
“Did you get my message?” called Lestrade.
“Right you are,” said Lestrade. “We’ll know more when he’s sobered up. Nobody saw anything. No one about, truth told.”
“Wow. You got all that in one glance?”
“Of course, it was loaded,” snapped Jim. “What’s the point of fellating an unloaded gun? And this isn’t just any wedding dress, Seb. Help me out of it, will you?”
A Love Struck is vodka, passion fruit liqueur, cranberry juice, lemon juice, simple syrup, and Prosecco.
“I was scared, Sally. Don’t do that again. Don’t go off without back-up.”
“Oh,” said Mrs. Hudson. “What’s all this?”
Violeta Lomax was not a villain from a novel, she was simply a concerned sister. She’d heard about Lomax’s injuries from his landlord, who was distantly related to the family, and when she’d understood that he had to remain under direct doctor’s care, naturally, she thought the worst.
“Yeah, it
Dinner.
“Oh, Holmes, you’re the best!”
“No, you wouldn’t have allowed me to pursue the blackguard alone.”
. My fic contains MAJOR SPOILERS for that novel, including the murderer.
Had Holmes had noticed what had slipped from the pages of the old note-book?
“Especially when I’m punching you!” cried Sally. “I just want to come. Fuck!”
“Already?”
Holmes smirked. I continued,
Author's Notes: for the Holmes Minor monthly prompt: change.
While Holmes paced the suite, I tucked into the foodstuffs as only a man who has risen early to catch a train can.
“Perfect.”
“You know, we sewed this together, Marie and I. All those late nights…”
Sherlock gasped and slapped a gloved hand to the cheek.
“The sentiment is the same, that is, it is reciprocated.”
“Yes.”
“…I’m where I belong…
They groaned, both from the strain of maintaining their odd tableau and the pleasure of the act.
hand jobs and blow jobs, but Lestrade’s never usually this refreshed, relaxed—he’s got two days off, thank you very much—so he rolls atop Mycroft begins kissing him slowly, top lip and bottom and the tip of that hawk-like nose. Then he presses hard, telling the man beneath him, with every nip of teeth and swipe of tongue just how incredibly fuckable he is.
“See? Six pack, eight pack, packs of packs. Sebby’s guns, well, they only rival Sebby’s guns. And despite his brawn, he’s also limber. And generous in the boudoir.”
Oh, yes.
“Just like that. You’ve got more questions.”
Human means breakable.
“We said no phones!”
Teamwork
We stopped at the church, or more precisely, the graveyard.
Inwardly, he was
Mycroft turned and mouthed along with the onscreen heroine.
“Happy Christmas, love, oh, I mean…”
“And you laughed at him!” cried John. “Let me go! I want to see, too!”
“I’d love to, but this damned case…”
He turned his attention to the matter at hand. He slid his prick in and out, finding the rhythm and angle that seemed to best suit the fucker and, judging by the muffled cries and whimpers and clutching of the bedclothes, the fucked.
“Yes, I saw. By the way, we owe Mrs. Matheson, the dressmaker, for two mannequins.”
“Nah, he got mad about it and came at me with a lead pipe. Had to take ‘im down. Sorry. Guess, I’m not management material.”
Molly felt the prick-tip, squeezed her breasts, felt the gush between her fingers, and grinned, savouring the collective groan which tore through the club.
“It’s okay,” whispered Sherlock in a baritone rumble. “It’s okay, it’s okay, it’s okay.”
John barely hears the word as Sherlock removes the rest of his clothing.
Warnings: Forniphilia (Human Furniture), Flogging, Cunnilingus.
Irene frowned. Molly’s back had been to her since she’d arrived.
Then the weight was gone, and Sherlock was placing the saddle back on its stand. “Too early to say if it’s relevant,” she said. “Those symbols at the bank, the graffiti. Why were they put there?”
“Do you always start your day like this, Captain? If we’re sharing quarters, we should know the worst about each other. I play the violin.”
Content Notes: Reichenbach, H & W feels but no slash.
Moriarty smiled and shook his head. “It’s not what I want, Mister Holmes. It’s what the Detective Inspector wants.”
“No, this is my inaugural visit to this establishment, a result of a small workplace wager of which I was the forfeiter.”
“Mister Holmes!” Grodman got to his feet at once, dropping his cigar and spilling his drink.
“It was, in fact, a tanka, and one that you decided to write on your skin in pen afterwards.”
Sherlock/John. Daddy kink with Daddy!John & 'Shirley'
“Can you make a Gaelic Grasshopper?” asks Seb with a straight face.
And his Rocinante gone!
“Good. M’good. Thanks."
Irene groaned. “I missed you so much. I’m sorry.” She bent her head and with a cupped hand brought Kate’s breast to her mouth. She licked the nipple, then bit it gently.
is Jack Daniels, Irish Mist, and Irish cream.
For my Ladies Bingo square N-4: Exhibitionism.
Notes: Dialogue from 5 canon stories re-arranged in naughty scenarios. Holmes/Watson except for #3 which is Holmes/Watson/Hopkins with D/S tones and #4 which is Holmes/Watson/Lestrade. For WW drabble prompts.
“Can I ride you?”
Molly growled.
“Pity. I don’t supposed it is, by chance, the Madeline truffle.”
“…all right. Over there. Yes, I’ll sign. Thank you.”
“Absolutely not!” Mycroft cried indignantly. “I don’t want to know anything about her. Now let me pass!”
“Lestrade’s former mother-in-law is not doing well. Not well at all. Cancer. Late stage. Metastatic. Hospice. Etcetera.”
The image of Sherlock filled the small screen. He was kneeling on the very bed where Mycroft was sitting. He was nude, save for the pink knickers.
“Uh, Afghanistan.” John looked up into a pair of gorgeous grey eyes. “How did you—?”
Lomax resumed his narrative.
“Mycroft was sending a message to me. He saw you and used his umbrella the way a maiden might use her fan. Twirling on the left means ‘we are being watched.’”
Irene hummed.
John hummed. “All right. I trust you.”
“Fuck. And that was the moon? And milk in the fridge?!”
“Where anyone can watch you?”
Jim put his hand in Seb’s and nodded towards the loo. They padded towards the threshold together.
The green fairy said nothing.
“Well, it is almost July. I’ve made some fortified lemonade,” said John, opening the refrigerator and revealing a glass pitcher full of ice and a bright pink beverage.
John was on the floor, on hands and knees. Something heavy—then something heavier—was on her back. Sherlock’s tall black boots were on either side of her.
Maybe, he’d take her on holiday. A nice, long, fuck-filled holiday.
“Oops!”
With tugging on John’s part and wriggling on Sherlock’s part, John divested Sherlock of the garment hung it neatly on the back on the chair.
One corner of Sherlock’s mouth twitched. John kissed it.
“Yes, but when I made that statement you replied you were a
“Of course, of course,” said Holmes quickly. He spoke in a modest, almost self-effacing manner that anyone who knew him would recognize as unadulterated artifice.
She knelt in the window seat, one hand in her knickers and one hand in her bra.
“Sherlock, how in the hell can you be horny? It’s so damn cold! My nuts are prunes.”
Water, lather, blade, water, lather, blade.
“I do find myself in the mood for some explosions of a certain colour.”
“Ah, not the same.”
For the Kinktober Day 24 prompt: Exhibitionism/Voyeurism.
Seb sucked Holmes’s cock as Holmes licked the icing off Seb’s fingers and fed cake to the boss, who was buggering Seb nice and slow. Mycroft came, the boss came, and then they were both, quite literally, falling over themselves to suck Seb off and offer him last licks.
“Really?” John huffed.
And, with a swish of a thick, silver tail, the fox was gone.
Lestrade leaned forward, openly ogling the silk bodice of the gown. “I could just keep you under close watch.”
apparent
“Oh, for goodness sake!”
“Then who was the old lady?”
“Excuse me?” bellowed the figure in the habit, turning a shocked countenance towards me. “Tart?”
And the traces of familiar-looking mud in Sir Adrian’s study that he’d taken great lengths to unsuccessfully hide.
“The Adventure of the Missing Pince-Nez.” In which a puppy is wrongfully accused. Watson for the defense.
His eyes lit and he looked ready to launch himself at me when a new contagion of patrons entered, shuffling between us.
That was Watson’s war cry. The cunning adversary turned on his white cotton tail.
“Here?”
“Strip.”
And maybe that’s why I didn’t see her.
“I see a familiar glint of pawkish humour. I see a strong jaw that speaks of courage and an easily furrowed brow that hints at compassion, both of which circumstance has not altered in the least.”
Martha slowed her pace when they came within view of the cottage. It was small and thatch-roofed with a wooden railed porch in front. It seemed incongruous, a manmade structure in the midst of a seemingly endless stretch of nature, and it was placed incongruously as well, on a square pedestal of island only as wide as the structure itself. It was surrounded by a pond, which reflected the tips of the trees like a well-polished looking glass.
Seb chuckled, then pretended to consider. “Uh, no,” he said with mock solemnity. “You hate sport, except, of course, well-remunerated, illegal, immoral target practice.
“Here you go.”
The Old, Bold Mycologist
“What is it?” he asked. “Not Sherlock, I hope.”
“Are you certain this is the number?” asked Molly. “Three 6’s?”
John licked at the corner of Sherlock’s mouth.
3 oz. Cranberry Juice
John’s fingers brushed a prick.
The engine growled.
“No and no. Though I do commend you, Colonel, on your commitment to your physical fitness routine.”
“I will, Sherlock. I will come to bed and rub ointment into your skin and open you up with my slicked fingers and fuck you into the mattresses, fuck you until the only thing you know is my name and my cock. I will fuck you until dawn.”
“Yeah, I’m not desperate to root around in some bloke’s dirty underwear.” John’s eyes caught on something in the far corner. She stepped toward it, bending. “A souvenir. Too small for a real horse. Van Coon must’ve brought it back from somewhere. Not Hong Kong. I doubt they’ve saddles like—“
Mrs. Hudson's and Margaret's takeaway orders get mixed up. Vibrator mention.
Like now.
“Nah, it’s this American sweet. Shaped like kernels of corn. Pure sugar, but so good. I can’t stop eating it!”
“A punter isn’t exactly Hamlet.”
“And if someone with that affliction had just viewed,” Mycroft’s eyes traveled to the umbrella, “approximately…”
Mycroft’s reply is to roll Lestrade onto his back and devour him.
“That very fine wool dressing gown that you gifted me for my birthday.”
“Oh, wonderful. Would you like to come in for a cup of tea? It’s the least I can do for a tall, handsome, strong fireman such as yourself, and,” she tore off her mask, “I’ve just hung some mistletoe."
“How does it feel?”
“Well, I found you problem.”
One fine day in early spring, I was walking with Holmes near Pall Mall when, Holmes having suddenly and spontaneously ducked into a tobacconist, I caught sight of the most extraordinary spectacle. I disbelieved my eyes at first, then hurried into the shop to tell Holmes.
“…so,” continued Holmes as he strode toward the footlights, “the leading lady says the famous lines about the spot, about the old man having so much blood in him, etcetera.” He paused.
Mycroft nodded and smiled. “Detective Inspector, I think ‘dates’…”
A bouquet of white-and-yellow daisies and a card sat on the bedside table.
Watson and I feign consternation when the innkeeper apologises.
“The price is getting trapped in a lift with Edgewater.” Molly peered into the bag. “And lunch is tuna with extra pickles.”
“I really don’t want to think about what might be waiting on my desk tomorrow morning,” groaned Lestrade, sliding off the stool. “People venting their disappointment on each other in unpleasant ways.”
“Yes?”
“Would you like to come over to mine? We could get some drinks and catch up. Listen to music. Like old times.”
“Sure.” The bedding is being adjusted and Seb’s prick is being fondled most expertly. “I’ll sleep when you’re dead.”
“Fuck me, Sherlock.”
“I know what his brother James says about him. And you.”
Holmes has empathy for a young thief.
Ice clinking.
So we're going to end the Halloween season where we began: with a sweet bit of Mystrade!
A titter went through the court.
At the end of Sherlock’s gorgeous legs were a pair of gorgeous, freshly—very freshly—manicured feet. The nails had been painted a shimmery pearl colour and each big toe was decorated with a trio of tiny glittery pink seashells.
“You’re a life-saver, my dear,” I said. “Such a pretty girl in such a pretty dress.” I took a cube of ice and drew it across his chest. “Feel better?”
I stared at Watson, aghast.
Seb snorted.
“Would you like to help me catch a killer?”
A Naughty Rudolph is ginger ale, cherries, and vanilla vodka and you're supposed to garnish it with reindeer shaped pretzels (!)
Molly thought it an odd gesture unless you were a character in a period drama who’d just got a chill or distressing news from the front. It wasn’t until she was headed downstairs herself that she realised.
Holmes was maddeningly reticent for the whole journey.
Lestrade kissed his lips. “Still hard for me, are you?”
Last Mystrade of the year! Here's to a bit more together screen-time for our gentlemen in S4!
Laughter.
BEEP!
More Mystrade alien oviposition roleplay:
That’s when she saw the bruises.
He’d the urge to ask, ‘Do I know you?’
“Have you time?” she whispered when they were face-to-face again. After she came, she always wanted him inside her and being in a cold locker with corpses didn’t change that
As thumping grew louder, Holmes began to dance and sing.
God bless locals. Meant his drunk arse would be home soon.
Sherlock smiled and moaned. “I know.”
“From the gentleman at the end of the bar,” said the barman.
“You were right, Gregory. Mathilda is a beautiful whore.”
“Well?” he asked.
I float.
John gawked, then cried, “The box said suspenders!”
“May fall back asleep after.”
Lestrade shrugged. “Work.”
Notes: crack, crossover with Alice's Adventures in Wonderland [Carroll, 1865]
“Not bored?” asked a voice.
It was more plea than question.
The dead-white tinge in his face reappeared. “No, no, of course, not.” He drank from his own glass, then said, “But perhaps the night’s work has kept your sorrow at bay for a few hours, and there will be more such cases, of that you can be certain, my dear Watson. There will be cases, and cases require a chronicler.”
John shushed him. “You’re doing so well. You took my cock so well, and now you’re taking my seed so well. All of it.”
! She was my best friend, and you took her from me and from this world that deserved her loveliness longer and from all of us who loved her!”
“And?”
Seb turned. “No! I said the blue narwhal cakes, not the purple unicorn! Oh, fuck, Boss!”
“Fuck, Sherlock! It’s okay.” John wiped the red smears from below Sherlock’s bottom lip.
“And the curtains are replaced as well,” said Doctor Watson.
“For yellow and sunlight.”
John finds an unusual solution to a small wrinkle in the aftercare. Dom!John/Sub!Sherlock. Gen. Fluff.
“As my date suddenly wasn’t available and tomorrow’s my day off, I decided not to restrain myself.”
“I’d like to hear it.”
John groaned, too.
“Later or,” Lestrade pressed his lips to Mycroft’s shoulder, “Now.”
Rating: Gen
“Sebby, please,” Jim whined.
Irene hummed. “So’s my girlfriend’s gloomy face. Bad day, was it?”
“You’re welcome.”
“I know, love. I’m coming again, too.”
'verse.
Mycroft imagined many things: Gregory’s voice in his ear, telling him how naughty he was; Gregory’s breath tickling his neck as he described how he masturbated with Mycroft’s soiled pants shoved in his mouth; Gregory’s sweet entreaties for Mycroft to spread himself so he could lick deeper, touch Mycroft more.
The name that haunted Holmes well into his later career wasn’t Norbury or even Reichenbach. It was Openshaw.
Mycroft catches up with Lestrade while the latter's on the way home from a sci-fi film festival. Mystrade. Rating: Teen for a bit of public frottage and talking about sex.
“Stop it, Sherlock. I don’t like pink champagne, but—“
I took a deep breath and strode towards the waiting carriage.
“I thought you were about that double murder at the Deveron house. I would’ve cancelled my dinner and gone with you myself, but you insisted—”
A 'Wet Pussy' is gin, vodka, peach schnapps, rum, pineapple juice and cranberry juice. Full recipe in the end notes.
For DW Watson's Woes July prompts (#18):
“MINE!”
John whined.
“Yes,” said Sherlock, smiling. “It was some Friday night.”
Sunshine
Too loose.
After offering a listening ear, a host of sage advice, and a pledge of unconditional support, Mycroft had abandoned me to my own contemplations. I paced his rooms until I noted a tome in the bookcase. Its wholly unremarkable exterior did not fool me.
beneath the brilliant canopy of spring.
Lestrade took a thoughtful sip of coffee and leaned back in his chair. “No one has perfect vision, not the Yard, not even Mister Sherlock Holmes. The evidence you give about Rako will help the case against him when it comes to trial.” He looked at Holmes.
John grinned, the lower half of his face shining wet. “Please, Miss Clara, please, please, will you ride my cock?”
The corners of Holmes’s mouth curled. “No more foolish than I feel at waiting until this ridiculous moment to give voice to what has been in my thoughts for ages.” He turned back.
They turned.
“My reticence may have led you to believe your, uh, performance was less than satisfactory, so I just want to state that nothing could be further from the truth.”
I'd been surprised at Holmes’ willingness to accompany me on this errand, but I supposed he was looking for a change of scenery, and by Jove, this pumpkin patch was about as far from the foul metropolis as one could imagine.
He bent and brought his lips and tongue to the hole and resumed his teasing, and he didn’t stop until he heard his name being shouted, then whimpered.
pajamas! I do not own a pair of white pajamas with a wide grey—“
“You told some lady at the public library that you needed a shrunken fist to shove up your boyfriend’s arsehole?!”
“Perhaps.”
“Our intel was good, Sherlock. Moriarty was to be at the party. Something must have happened.”
I giggled like the clown that I was. “I shouldn’t like to risk your eyebrows again, Holmes, but…
(See the end of the chapter for
Well, he did need a roommate.
Seb and Jim kissed Molly’s lips and her hair and her neck.
Sherlock made a noise of approval at this plan and spun round when Mycroft withdrew his finger. Sherlock hooked his legs around Mycroft’s and leaned forward.
“Nah, I wasn’t certain…”
“Yes?”
“—she was able to determine that something untoward was happening at Ormond House. At the same hour every Tuesday, a disguised person came to one of the side doors, not the same person but always disguised as a beggar. That person made the expected supplication. The housekeeper went to a certain cupboard and gave them bread wrapped in a handkerchief. No other servant was permitted this task.”
“Oh, but I do,” he said softly, “now.”
Someone required Holmes’s assistance, and Holmes required mine.
Cake did not ask for anything, save to be savoured. Cake did not spoil, well, not if one took proper care, and Mycroft always took proper care. Cake did not begrudge the proportion, small, ample. Cake did not begrudge the hour, late or—Mycroft check his watch—damn o’ clock in morning, as Doctor Watson called it.
“I’m not an unreasonable person, Sherlock…”
Oh, now Mycroft was red. He bit his lip and nodded.
“Oh, trust me, it’ll fit nicely.”
He’s going to walk down the hall.
“Love it.”
Just then, Lestrade arrived.
“Uh?”
Then Watson turned to me. “Will you apply your cleverness to the protection of my beds?”
My eyebrows rise.
“Yes.”
The way Sherlock materialised out of the darkness was almost supernatural. Almost.
Disheveled and divested of all but pants, Mycroft grunted.
“I’ve finished my work for the day!” cried Mycroft defensively. “Hours ago!”
Sherlock stood, then made his way across the room, stumbling, and took up his original position Mycroft’s bed,
For Edward Gorey's birthday [22 Feb] using two cards from the shuffled story deck The Unhelpful Doorknob; the DW Watson's Woes February prompt: missive. And the DW flash-fiction prompt DAY 22: an unfinished work of art, a mycologist, a sense of foreboding.
She scooted closer, and he reached under her. Two fingertips began to tease her.
Sherlock quickly stroked himself to release and smeared his come on three chests.
The click is important, the padlock, its source.
Mycroft tucked the folded handkerchief in his pocket.
This was a calculated refusal, that is, calculated to make Mycroft beg.
It didn’t come.
John Watson
“There are no stupid questions, my girl, except ‘What’s that burning?’ The answer is always ‘curtains.’”
and Edgar Allan Poe,” corrected Jim. “It took vision and skilled execution. Poe had ideas. He also knew how to write them down.”
Jim thinks he has the best hair of any werewolf in London. Werewolf AU. Mormor. Johnlock. Silly songfic [
“Sherlock!”
“Wonderful,” replied Mycroft. “But I want something else for Easter.”
He noted the weight of the book on his slipper.
“Feeling better?” asked John.
I smiled and found myself very much looking forward to lunch.
“Yeah.”
“I’m dying, Sherlock. I’ve drunk three of these hideously sweet American cocktails just to survive. ‘Southern Comfort’ is, in fact, a misnomer.”
John paid the driver.
Until now I’ve kept mum on my appreciation, but—and this is, without doubt, the smoke’s fault—find myself persuaded that a confession might very well lead to bliss.
Sherlock searched the top drawer.
They giggled. Then she sighed. “A bit more, Marg, I’m so close.”
I regarded the danger that he would certainly disregard. I imagined the worst that might befall.
But Holmes kept his eye on Watson the whole time, while reading and pretending to read and while tackling some of the correspondence jackknifed to the mantelpiece.
Lestrade nodded. “With Sherlock’s blessing.”
Sherlock was swallowing and wiping his satisfied, wet grin on John’s bare thigh when—
Mycroft shoots Sherlock a look of inquiry. John senses, rather than feels, Sherlock’s nod of agreement.
“And surveillance,” added Sherlock. He was now touching up lip gloss with the aide of a small compact mirror he’d fished out of a fringed purse.
Lestrade smiled. “I like you, too. A lot. And that’s not the—what’s this called?” he raised the flask lid.
John met Sherlock’s gaze.
And before I die I wish
“Sherlock!”
SMACK!
Sherlock coated his hands, spilling the oil all over the kitchen counter and floor in the process, then bent John forward and wrapped a slick fist around his cock.
“Sorry,” said Stanley with a twinkle in his eye.
“Detective Inspector!”
And thus, be wholly reborn.
John’s head slammed against the bricks so hard that he saw stars. And not just any stars, these were bright, sudden bursts of colour, gold, red, purple, green as well as a white so hot it dazzled.
Irene grabbed Kate by her ponytail and yanked her head back. “Enough.” Then she climbed the stepstool. “Then the devil priestess will stand over the virgin, raise a dagger,” Irene raised her hand, “then bring it down until the tip presses the centre of the belt. Strings of tiny red flowers will shoot out like sprays of blood, and the devil worshippers will go into a frenzy and rip the clothing from the sacrifice.”
The fingers of my unoccupied hand were curled round the edge of the door. I used the door for more leverage as I sped up my pace.
John squeezed again.
The dark head tucked itself between their bodies, and John groaned.
She groaned. She had just suffered the embarrassment of gratefully accepting a seat beside an octogenarian. Now, she would have to burrow her way out of the throng of pre-party revelers.
Title: Small Moment of Happiness
of rural harvests fests.”
The coming of spring made the birds sing, why not the Watsons?
“Oh, don’t say that! You’d rub all this fantasy off?”
Rating: G
“You’ll have to trust me. Blindfold, behaving, the works.”
For Kinktober 2019 Day 11: Cross-dressing.
“Sherlock?!”
“I can help you out after.”
“Even if I beg ‘pretty please,’” said Jim sinking to his knees. “And blow you?”
John turned his head and sucked at Harry’s breasts, too.
Mycroft blinked, then he cupped Lestrade’s cheek and brushed his thumb across his lips. He shook his head slowly, silently.
Title: Another Overdose
Mycroft escorted his guests to the lift, then returned to his office.
From my
“Cinnamon roll the size of Toby,” he supplied.
“Uh, can you do it, Seb? Please.”
“Very particular ones if so. Nevertheless, it’s an avenue that must be investigated. Tomorrow. We’re soaked to the bone and near frozen tonight. I don’t suppose we can resurrect our sleeping landlady for a cup of tea, do you? No, I didn’t think so.”
“Master Haverstock?”
“There is a little something for you, too,” he said, producing a box wrapped in brown paper and tied with string.
“Has my interest flagged?” retorted Sherlock, glancing down at his own cock, which was still very much erect and pink and dripping with John’s saliva. “I’m in a stately antique home, in a stately antique bed, after solving a stately, though not exactly antique, case, getting an exquisite blow job from the man I love who has also expertly tended my wounds, but, and this is no trifle, John, I also happen to be seeing a figure closely resembling a person-sized Christmas nutcracker staring at me from the side of the bed. No, don’t look, John!” Sherlock grabbed John’s head. “If you look at it, it might disappear. Didn’t the Major say this room was haunted?”
Mycroft’s mouth would be so much better.
Flip.
He gripped pale buttocks, kneading them, running his hands up to the lower back and around at the hips. The skin and flesh were soft, pliant, and warm beneath his touch.
“Oh Lord.” She swallowed quickly and picked up her mobile. “Yes, sir.”
She was clinging to him and clutching ‘round his delicious prick.
“No. It snaps to lock. You just the key to open it. Where is the key?”
I don't usually post angst to this collection but this is a prequel to my full-length Post-Reichenbach Molliary fic,
You amazed me, Sherlock. How much you took and how well you took it, everything I had to give.
“Yes.”
“Don’t swallow!” ordered Sherlock. “My jelly.”
Molly moaned. The obscenity always sounded exponentially obscene in his voice, and perhaps Mycroft knew this because he said it again.
“In bed?”
“Ok.”
Margarita. Sherlock/John. Sherlock in heels. Rimming.
Sherlock blushed, then sputtered, “Well then, the shirt is wrong!”
Content Notes: Angst; Holmes/Watson (unresolved); homophobia; mention of suicide; case is lifted from Agatha Christie's "Murder in the Mews," in which the suicide (made to look like murder) occurs on Guy Fawkes Night.
Three bodies froze. Sherlock quickly pulled off John’s prick, and three heads turned toward the sound.
“Yeah, a Santa Swap, sort of gift barter. The rules got fuzzy as the night progressed. Your brother took my jumper.”
“Detective Inspector?”
“Happy Easter, Sebbie. Doing good feels wretched, especially at Easter, but at least there’s cake.”
“It’s a change for the better, I think.” Holmes paused, then added softly, “You know, Watson, you’re more than welcome to extend your visit. Or even, stay.”
“Have you ever seen
Lestrade took a single photo and tossed the phone aside.
Kate, as always, did as she was told.
Eventually, Moriarty reappeared, wiping his grin. “So?”
Something's rustling in the leaves.
“Case?” asked Sherlock.
“You’re naughty, Jim.”
All the Yarders looked from Sherlock to the voice. A few clapped while a few intervened before the hands of the lunging confessor found their way to Sherlock’s throat.
“Just getting started, Boss,” said Seb before he took the now-fully erect cock in his mouth and sucked.
“The old grandmother at the house who was babbling in the corner?”
And my last thought is:
“Our spa,” said Sally.
“How are you doing there, princess?” he growled.
“Fuck!” exhaled Molly, arching off the bed.
“Quarterly reports will do that,” quipped Greg, and Molly began to shake with laugher.
“You’re such an attentive suitor.”
Sherlock smiled and ran his hands, and appreciative gaze, over John’s bare chest and arms. He stopped at scarred skin. “So there was an actual wound.”
“It’s just sex.”
Golden Dawn is from the novel
“Yeah.”
“Christ, you’re still in your coat, Boss.”
Certain of the irony lost in my reply, I shoved the small roll of parchment under my arm and tottered toward the exit.
“Oh, he’s lactose intolerant. But it killed him?”
“No, the truncheon and the streetlamp. Of course, Lestrade and Lomax!”
“Over there, please. Thank you very much. Paperwork in order? Yes? Wonderful. All right, who do we have here? Oh, Mister Matthews. Let’s see what happened to you.”
“Private number, John. Call anytime.”
Notes: Dialogue-only, Holmes & Watson
Martha surveyed the bundle in Margaret’s arms, which was much bulkier than her own. “Are you eating alone?”
Irene gestured to the stepstool and the table.
Author’s Notes: I am participating in KINKTOBER 2017. One of the three possible prompts for Day 1 is Sleepy Sex.
“Let’s eliminate the impossible, John, and stick with the highly improbable.”
“A lot,” she said. Not a question. Criminal masterminds didn’t hurt people a little bit. “Fuck me, then. Fuck me until you have to go.”
“I was thinking of your legs, Sister.”
…floating…
Molly rubbed the sunscreen on her own chest and shoulders and neck while Irene bit her lip and let one hand slip to her own mons. At once, her body tensed, and she came with a series of short pants.
Or maybe it was a sword swallower.
Lestrade glanced bleary-eyed at the clock and sniffed. “It’s half three in the morning.”
John’s cock slid into Sherlock’s gaping hole as smooth as—
“You drugged him,” said Lestrade, eyeing the car. “When will it wear off, Sherlock?”
“Yeah?” Molly sat in the swivel office chair, watching the crouched figure beneath her desk.
As soon as John’s prick was well-slicked by his own hand, Sherlock sprang.
Molly tilted her head. “Not really.”
“I think a bit of danger is just what the doctor ordered.”
“Holmes! You should have been burned at the stake for witchcraft!”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Here, Watson,” he cried, pointing, “in this section, we both shall find what we seek.”
“Very,” she breathed and gave him what he wanted.
“Twat,” mumbled Seb.
“Evening ramble. Midnight stroll. Never know what kind of well-dressed psychopath you might bump into behind a foul-smelling skip.”
“Then,” the Detective Inspector licked his lips in a way that made Mycroft melt, “I’m going to have a spectacular wank to the thought of divesting you, piece by piece, of that suit.”
“High probability of transfer and retention, John. And, in many scenarios, more fun acquiring than gunshot residue, but do tuck yourself in.”
“Lestrade!”
Pairing: Holmes/Watson
Seb's new addiction is contagious. Moriarty/Moran. Crack. Humor.
I slapped the open jar of unguent, then wrapped my slicked fingers ‘round his prick.
John sashayed down the stairs in nothing but lacy dark pink knickers and sheer stockings held up by a lacy pink belt.
“I put my mouth here, Sister, and sucked. Like this. And this. And this.”
They’d gone to a play, a rather good play. Then they’d come back to her flat and fucked. Twice.
A Chocolate Cherry Cha Cha is cherry liqueur, chocolate vodka, coconut rum, and sparking water.
John’s blood sustains Sherlock’s existence, such as it is, but it also provides her with a sensation very akin to orgasm.
“That would be nice.”
Watson talks about why he likes the Turkish bath.
“…as loud and as explosive and as blue as we desire!” he cried and gave merry chase all the way back to Baker Street.
The one in his inside jacket pocket.
Sherlock began to lick Mycroft’s growing bulge through the layers of fabric.
Kahwah is a green tea preparation traditional in Afghanistan and other areas.
Here's the recipe for
I shook off my shameful despair, then blessed my enemy.
“Yes,” she breathed. “Please.”
the whorl and arabesque,
The rest of the cottage was also decorated. There were candles everywhere, and not those horrid ones that niffed, Seb couldn’t stand those, and holly and ivy and gold ribbon on anything that would stand still.
Molly nodded ruefully and sipped her tea.
“Not exactly caviar.”
Title: The Martha Hudson Mobile Lending Library
They slid between the sheets from either side of the bed and met in the middle, kissing, hands roaming over one another’s body.
Sherlock’s voice was a low, hypnotic rumble.
“So I see. Do you want a ride home?”
Lestrade smiled, too, and ruffled Mycroft’s hair. Later, he felt the brush of fingers on his hand. He glanced at Mycroft, who raised his eyebrows and mouthed.
“Grace has her own family, which demands a great deal of attention, naturally. Faith will stay for as long as she is needed, but, of course, the demands of the sickbed are not small, so, I thought…”
“All right,” Jim opened the door to the greenhouse, “after you.”
“I found his bag, Mister Holmes.”
“Suppose I’ll have to take it off then,” said John as he ripped his vest over his head. The garment quickly disappeared into the mass of writhing, perspiring flesh that surrounded them on the dancefloor.
“Yes.”
Sherlock gave it all he had and soon John had a foot propped on a questionable railing and was fucking Sherlock’s mouth with gusto and raining down profanity.
my gen prompt bingo O-2: trauma and the DW Holmes Minor monthly prompt: timing
“Hey, Tiger.” The boss gave a mock grunt. “Oof. Rut, Sebbie. You’re not nearly hard enough. Oh, there you go. You’re going to want to watch this, Mister Holmes.”
“Let’s.”
John laughed and neared the bunk. “I know when eyes on me. Dead, undead, and gorgeously, enchantingly, extraordinarily alive.”
“It’s about these.”
Molly smiled. “That’s
“Fair enough.”
John pressed her forehead to Sherlock’s temple. “We fucked like rabbits. All over the bloody flat. I could not get enough of you, Sherlock. It was madness. I wanted to…”
Mycroft rose. “Never, Detective Inspector, and especially not when a ‘brown as a nut’ holiday is at stake. Best of luck.”
Seb took a sip from the thermos. Then he wrapped a fist around Jim’s cock and sang,
“Oh, you can do better than that.”
“What girl?”
Lestrade growled, “You wanna be next, Mycroft?”
“That’s not quite the same thing. In fact the two things rarely go together,” said Mycroft.
It was a rather simple dessert and would prove to be a rather mediocre concert, but that didn’t seem to matter at all.
Regardless, I felt myself drifting, moving without conscious thought or action, as if carried by a heavy, unstoppable current, toward the light.
“You are not a murderer, Doctor. You are a savior. Matthew hurt a lot of people, his wife and children included. He did not wish to. It was not in his nature, his real nature, I mean, to hurt anyone, but he was ill, and he ignored his illness for a very long time. And then, at last, his mind was diseased, horribly, dreadfully diseased. There was nothing for it. We lived in terror. He might have killed me, killed the children, and who knows how many other people before the illness finally claimed his own life. And I know there is another family suffering tonight far worse than ours is. As horrible as it is to be a widow, I am relieved that I am no longer a wife. I mourned the loss of my husband, my good, good husband, long before you put a bullet in him, long before he put a knife in poor Jonas Goodacre.”
“Magnificent suite, afternoon tea. What?”
“Win the whole lot.”
“Is there a second chance for all that was lost, Holmes?”
“Yeah, I appreciate the thought, and the invitation, but fun fairs might not be the best place for…”
