Dean had never seen a hunter look so happy in his life.
Dean hit the brakes even harder that time, barely missing a half drunken pedestrian shaking his fist at the Impala. Dean glared when the guy tapped the hood and then kept walking, a brown bag being lifted to his lips.
"The first love hurts the worst." Dean nodded, taking the last sip of his water, and crushing the bottle before placing it on the hood of the car.
Dean took Castiel's hand, holding it tightly, so delirious he was probably about to pass out again. Castiel tried to fight the fluttering he felt in his chest, but he didn't let go.
He did something wrong. He’d hurt Castiel. He’d been too rough. Not loving enough.
"You and Papa do it all the time," his daughter yelled right back. "Why can't I?"
Sam’s words echoed in Dean’s head long after they initially left his little brother’s mouth. It wasn’t a sexual awakening. It had just been Castiel, trying to help in any way that he could, and succeeding. As he always did.
"Was," Garth replied. "Only do small cases now when there's no full moon, and only if nobody else can do it. Gotta stay alive for the family."
“Jesus, Cas…” Sam shook his head.
"I was wondering when you'd figure it out," Dean turned around abruptly to see Holly standing probably not but 15 feet from him, down the street a bit and staring. Dean rubbed his cheek and sighed before walking over towards her. "It's common to dream lands."
He’d taken the brothers in the direction of Michael, and they’d found the archangel seeking refuge in a church in his name. He’d asked what he could do for them. The brothers had expected a fight, a lack of desire for revenge even, or for Michael to simply just run away again and leaves the mud monkeys to rot. It hadn’t gone that way, though. Michael had been shown the truth by Castiel, when the angel had still been on Earth alive, and he had run the first time.
After they were done eating, Sam, Dean, and Castiel took off in the Impala towards their next hunt.
“Look Jack,” Clark said, his voice coming out softer than before. “Thank you, for saving me. For healing me. Nobody’s ever…cared as much as you have in a short amount of time about me.”
Sam let his bag drop to the ground with a loud thud and immediately threw himself into bed with her, wrapping his hand around the back of her neck and pulling her in for a deep kiss.
"I'll go shut it." His daughter volunteered. A look of sudden panic came over Future Dean and he tried to rush over there first, but his daughter beat him to it. She went to shut the trunk, but as she looked at the edge of the top of the trunk she saw red paint. There were also white scratches on the trunks sides, in the shape of demonic pentagrams. His daughter gave a look of confusion before lifting the trunk up all the way.
Read and Review!
“No need to apologize,” Castiel joked, clinking the neck of his bottle against Dean’s. The hunter took a swig and then went to warm up their food in the microwave.
“It’s no trouble at all, Sam,” Castiel nodded, sensing the worry that filled Sam’s being and mind. “Do what you must to help Dean.”
In one of them Future Dean was cooking in the kitchen and his daughter was peeking over the counter at what was for dinner.
He felt guilty about even thinking it.
“Sorry,” Dean said, breaking the silence that had consumed the room for far too long. “I’m not used to this. I-.”
“Nothing yet,” Crowley said, turning to face the son of Charon. “Anything I should know about your father before I inevitably face him within the next twenty-four to forty-eight hours?’
All the awkwardness you could ever want in a chapter leading up to two conversations underway in the next chapter! Sorry to leave y’all hanging, what with all the craziness happening right now in the United States and just the world, but I have to log on to class after I publish this. I’m so glad people are still invested in this story and loving it!
"I'm afraid the results were not as you had hoped Castiel," Cathalsis cleaned up his work station. "She has taken more of Dean's soul versus your angelic being. She always can serve Heaven after she no longer lives on earth."
Everything felt like slow motion. His movements, the shaking of the bunker, and even his father’s voice was seemingly underwater. Dean grabbed hold of Daniel’s arm, but the young Nephilim barely processed what was happening around him.
Ezra inspected Adam up and down and Adam felt something under his skin crawl. The flutter in his chest returned at the sight of the intelligent angel’s eyes.
“Hell, if I know,” Dean shrugged. “I just know that it told me I was the most “infinite one” it had ever had. So, it’s no wonder it decided instead of giving me nightmares to feed off whatever was already rattling around up there.”
Dean no longer felt the sickness, but he did feel as though time had suddenly stopped.
Oliver grabbed the groceries and his briefcase and shut the door on his truck. This seemed to trigger something, for all four of his kids ran from the backyard to the front in what seemed like a split second. God knows, his mother had probably visited and given them sugar.
“Last time he wasn’t on it,” Castiel shot back. “He wandered off on Halloween, nowhere to be found, talking to something we couldn’t see. I think that’s more than enough reason to take him out of being a pawn in this sick game.”
Titan placed a hand on Meg’s stomach.
Meg smiled back, patting the other side of the bed, and Titan walked over, settling in beside his girlfriend and giving Meg’s stomach a soft, caring look before reaching out his hand to move the hair from Meg’s eyes.
“Where’s Balthazar?” Sam asked, his voice tight and shoulders rigid with both pain and nerves.
Castiel flew away once the song stopped for the tenth time.
"You have to dance!" they cried out. "C'mon!"
His heart skipped when Daniel smiled back.
“And they weren’t just mine,” Dean sighed. “Well, some of them were, but they were…I saw what I assumed were Cas’ memories too for some reason.”
The sun had just started to set by the time the dancing began.
"You had a small ceremony," Holly explained. "In the salvage yard of your dear departed friend Bobby. Sam and Gabriel came, Jody Mills too along with Alex. It wasn't much, but it was what you both wanted, you danced late into the night and had many laughs with family and friends. The courthouse took care of the technicalities."
“Maybe I don’t care if you control it or not.” Clark timidly spoke up and, for the first time that evening, met Jack’s eyes and kept his gaze. Jack cocked his head, visibly confused.
The Prophet hesitated, but then encapsulated Ron’s lips with his own. The Hellboy melted into the embrace, placing his awkward hands-on Kevin’s arms, as the pair kissed until their lips were turning red and puffy.
Dean sighed as he set the table.
His brain hung on those two words. What he’d agreed to do if the need arose for Castiel.
Dean carefully sat down on the end of the bed, still not daring look Castiel in the eyes.
“Got him,” the man commented and quickly shifted into the visage of a little boy wearing the same makeup as the Winchesters.
"I am too."
"Heaven called for it," Castiel said. "I couldn't disobey a direct order."
"I dreamt about Hell again," Dean explained. "The weird part was that I saw you this time."
“I-.” Lucifer started to say, but then the pair heard yelling from down the way in the Big House. Lucifer and Balthazar gave a look to one another and took off running in the direction of the scuffle.
“Well,” Dean commented. “That’s a new one.”
"Your mind conjured up something it wanted," Holly explained. "You're probably being fed in real life in your comatose state with some kind of feeding tube. Your mind just created something you'd want when you were awake and since you happen to have an affinity for bacon cheeseburgers it chose this place."
It’s Dean’s turn to swallow what feels like rocks. The shadow ripples again and then disappears. The wings becoming nothing, but a rush of wind in the still air, and the angel stows them away wherever he kept them when he was on Earth. Castiel’s other eyes vanish, leaving behind Jimmy’s pair to match. A hunter’s green meeting an angel’s blue. A color palette for the ages.
And now she would never have the chance.
“Yeah,” Sam sighed too. “Bobby had recorded some information on the creature, but it was all in Japanese so I couldn’t really read it until I had Cas translate.”
No witches or warlocks. No vendettas. It made no sense.
Whew, I am just on a roll! Here’s hoping the rhythm lasts long! See y’all in the next chapter!
Tojo, Chaya, Leo, and Ace stood before him. All in hound form, all staring his way as he approached. Ever since his trial, Titan had felt a bit ostracized by most of the hounds left in Heaven, but he’d still managed to maintain his usual swagger and pride even with adversity staring him in the face.
“Yeah,” Dean quickly turned around, changing the subject. “I’m good. You, on the other hand, look like Hell on two legs. What are you doing out of bed?”
“Don’t be cheesy.” Meg chuckled.
Their first stop had been to the twenty-four-hour drug store for medicine for the Nephilims. Titan carried the swinging white bag with fever reducer and cough syrup in it as the pair continued to move along.
“I’d say that’s a plausible fear, Dean,” Sam nodded. “Our jobs are based on fear. Our basic instinct is fear. I get it, but I think it’s about time we took fear by the horns and dragged it away for good when it comes to something like this.”
“Very well then.” Chuck nodded, and just like that, the battle begun.
“Alright just me,” Dean rolled his eyes and grabbed his now empty beer bottle from the table. “C’mon Cas, we’ll leave Samantha to his precious research.”
It had taken Kevin an hour and some change to reach two towns from Lebanon. Ron still hadn’t figured out how he’d done it. Some kind of tracking spell, no doubt. Ron hadn’t even told him a city name. Either way, the Prophet had hauled ass, and upon arrival, had dragged Ron from the telephone booth where he’d passed out and when the Hellboy had awoken, he’d found himself in their bed.
"I wasn't forced to do anything," Castiel replied, perhaps a bit too strongly so he backed off and looked down at his folded hands in his lap.
he heard Eve say through his mind. “
“I’ll grab some burgers from the deep freeze,” Sam mentioned and placed a kiss on Gabriel’s cheek before starting to walk off. The other angels were led inside by Gabriel, who began to chat incessantly about his daughter and her latest accomplishments. Ezra paused for a moment, looking off into the distance at Adam, chuckling at the kid’s antics, and Dean and Castiel pretended not to notice how long he stared.
Eileen realized what Sam meant and broke into an even bigger grin, thrusting herself closer to Sam's embrace as he pulled her in for a deep, loving kiss.
“I don’t feel any wiser,” Sarah remarked with a smile. “Older though.”
Dean and Holly had been transported as well, Dean figured by Holly's doing. He hadn't been to Heaven since he and Sam died and were brought back. Their Heaven's, however; had differed from this part of Heaven. This was the nucleus of Heaven, everything it was and everything it would ever be.
“I thought we covered that in the car,” Sam said, confused. “You know with the whole, coming out thing that we discussed.”
It hadn’t taken Kevin long to speak up once the pair closed their bedroom door.
Dean gripped the sides of the toilet and heaved. Everything he'd drank in the last few hours came up in one thunderous wave. The whiskey burned in reverse. Dean coughed and spit a few times before leaning his head against the back of the uplifted toilet seat and sighed, waiting for more and replaying the last few minutes over again in his head.
“Could go for some more beer,” Dean said. “Why don’t we hit the gas station instead? More cost effective.”
Or Sam.
Dean chuckled a bit. His daughter's wit truly matched his own in every aspect, but she had the calm of Castiel. Dean stared until he felt a presence behind him. Holly stood and stared too. Her stare seemed a bit melancholy though. Dean could imagine why, many angels wanted what humans had and what some of their fallen brothers and sisters had gained during their time on earth.
Crowley wiped his brow and blinked a few times before realizing he was being spoken to.
(See the end of the chapter for
There was a candle lit in the center of kitchen table, filling the room with the scent of fresh linen. Two plates adorned either side of the table. A vase full of coneflowers and lavender hugged the wall.
The same kind of beautiful laugh Jamie Bower had let out in life. The same kind of smile Castiel had showed ever so rarely at first, but in later years, more often.
“I would lose the eyeliner,” Sam replied. “And the earrings. Just make yourself look less…emo punk rock than usual.”
Dean sighed, dumping the dishes in the motel room sink, and looked over at the TV on low volume. He had barely gotten any sleep the night before and now there was a case.
"I'll let Gabriel tell you the answer to that one," Holly replied and turned towards the closed door to Dean and Castiel's room. "Go on Dean."
“Well,” Crowley concluded, smirking at Ron. “Let’s hope the right Gods are on our side then, huh?”
"Does Dean know?" Eileen asked, causing a small jolt through Sam's stomach.
“Dean!” Castiel cried out. “I’m-!”
“Sorry,” Kevin winced. “I’m doing this as carefully as possible, but these wounds are deep.”
Eve took the capsule in her hands and smiled.
“Cas left,” Dean lowered his voice in case the others suddenly decided to enter the room. He wasn’t ready for their questions yet too.
“Did you know? About any of this?” Crowley asked, almost unwilling to hear the answer. Ron swallowed hard.
"Yeah," Sam pursed his lips and sighed. "Somehow, my family has never seen it that way."
"I know," Castiel sighed and ran a comforting hand through her hair. "Believe me I know. I'm going to get you some juice for the night and turn up the heat a bit. I'll be right back sweetheart. Daddy will sit with you."
Sam chuckled and laid back into the motel pillows. The sheets were draped halfway over his lower half, covering all of the most vital parts, and leaving one of his legs halfway exposed. The air conditioning felt wonderful against his rapidly cooling skin. Eileen snuggled into his neck for a moment before realizing he was staring intently up at the popcorn ceiling.
He silently turned away from the grave and walked off into the woods, his dogs by his side.
by Seal filled the car once the trio drove off into the night towards the motel, kicking up dust into the chilly air, reflected by the moon, as they went.
“Daft is a word for it,” Crowley snorted, and Meg gave him a look. “I’m sorry my dear, I’ll keep my comments regarding the angels to myself.”
He waited a moment until he heard the ding of a reply and zipped up his duffel bag.
“I’m shocked that mutt of yours couldn’t tell.” Crowley commented, getting up from where he sat, and his arm remained outstretched over Meg’s stomach.
“You know I haven’t done that since we were banished from the Garden, right?” Adam gave her a look.
The tissue was covered in some oily residue, unlike any snot or anything Dean had ever seen, and Dean rubbed it in between his fingers, releasing even more of the smell when he did so.
Bane addressed Titan with a nod as the hound begun to walk over.
A strong desire to protect. It was mentioned in what little notes the Men of Letters had written. Why he'd been attacked the moment he'd accidentally touched Dean.
“Castiel,” Dean introduced the angel and he and Loretta finally formally shook hands. “He’s the one who helped us with the Eve case all those years ago, and this is Jack our pseudo son.”
“Just,” Kevin sighed. “Being around you right now is just…too hard. You’re barely here and even when you are, you aren’t.”
Charlie awoke at the sound the light made and the commotion from the angels and stared down at the map to read it.
"Hey!" he yelled. She looked at him with wide eyes and disappeared again. He rushed over to the spot she was at, but couldn't reach her in time. The diner went on as it always had, never changing. Dean yelled in rage and looked around again. The glass force field was back. Dean touched it, it was his only chance. He pressed at it, hoping it would break faster, but no such luck. He growled in anger and contemplated his options. He watched as the door opened and closed once again, the door that led to nowhere. Dean had an idea. He ran over to the door and stared at where the glass force field was cracking at a snail's pace. He couldn't help, but think that it was Holly's doing. Dean looked at the glass and closed his eyes. It felt like slow motion as he ran towards the force field. He covered his face with his arms and bust through it. The glass broke immediately and it felt as though time was standing still for a split second. Dean opened his eyes and saw the shards floating in the air, motionless. He even tried to touch one to see if it worked, but before he could he landed on his back in an empty and dusty room. Dean coughed and cautiously stood up, hoping he hadn't hurt himself too badly. He looked around; he'd tried to envision Holly, where she was, before he'd jumped through the glass. He'd hoped it worked and as soon as he saw her in the corner, her back to him, he knew it had. He stood up and started walking over to her.
Castiel silenced his phone and kept walking.
Guys, I’m back from the dead. Mental health and my own writing have taken a toll on my fanfiction game, but I am not gone, and I will continue updating as soon as I can, when I can.
Daniel waved back one last time before they all turned the corner.
"Dean," Holly pleaded, hoping she wouldn't have to explain. Dean gave her a look. "Daddy…"
Her last words still stuck with him like a phantom limb.
Dean hesitated to speak again, licking his lips as he contemplated the words he'd just said and how weird they must have sounded.
Sam determined it was going to be a long night.
Dean looked around at the mention of Sam's name and found him on the edge of the woods, watching carefully with a few other guests, and smiling and waving at Garth.
“Since when do demons pee?” Titan asked, cocking his head ever so slightly like he would in his hound form.
(See the end of the chapter for
Eileen poked her head up from where she lay. She was dressed in one of his t-shirts and though the room was beginning to get dark, she still seemingly glowed beautifully. Her hair was unwashed. Her eyes were puffy, as though from crying. Her hand shook a little as she pulled out an earbud and turned to face Sam.
“Sammy and Dean came back about an hour ago,” Gabriel reported. “They’re settling in and getting food. They said they may have to head back out again tomorrow if there’s another disturbance.”
"I suppose we should comply." Castiel whispered to Dean, and before Dean could say anything, Castiel had cautiously slipped his hand into Dean's and the pair begun to move.
Dean and Sam both stood from the Impala's front end, grabbing their respective beverage containers, and making their way over towards the front door.
“Mom’s inside,” Charlie explained. “She told me to tell you when you pulled up that dinner is almost ready.”
“Once I find a way to get back up there,” Gabriel glared and looked up at the ceiling. “I’m gonna kick my old man’s ass all the way back to wherever the hell he was hiding before now!”
-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-
“I’m here, aren’t I?” Ron sneered.
If they didn’t manage to stop Adam and Eve and whatever ridiculous planned that had concocted, there might not be a following year. Titan swallowed hard, sharing the same thought, and squeezed Meg’s hand tightly as the pair watched the mother and daughter walk away, catching up to the other kid who had been running before them.
“That’s not what I’m saying Cas,” Dean breathes out, trying not to stare too hard for too long. That’s what got him into this mess in the first place, even laying eyes on this gorgeous bastard.
Chaya remarked, trying her hardest not to stare as Titan nodded and kissed Meg before shifting into his hound form and bidding himself goodbye.
"Thank you doctor." Castiel nodded, he seemed less afraid than Future Dean had been.
“Do you?” Crowley questioned, cocking his head ever so slightly.
That was how Clark had found himself in the forest behind the bunker. The graying sky above him casting shadows with its clouds upon the leaf ridden ground. Clark ran his fingers over a green, soft patch of moss and tried to calm his nerves.
They took each other’s hands. Dean felt his eyes lingering on Castiel’s near the angel’s lap. He swallowed a hard lump in his throat when the pair before them exchanged rings.
She let go of Castiel’s cheek. The angel took a long look around him at the endless circle of dead ancient creatures. Both Heaven’s and Hell’s servants, working together for something. It was unheard of. It was cosmic.
Dean also knew, Sam wanted to bang her guts every chance he got.
Before Dean had time to say anything, Castiel was gone in a flap of wings.
Read and Review!
At least, that was Dean’s hope, as he set a fifth setting for his brother and stepped back to admire his handiwork.
“Please,” Castiel uncapped the white Gatorade bottle and hovered the opening close to Dean’s mouth. “This aids gators somehow, but I think Sam is under the impression it will help you retain some of the bodily fluids you have lost.”
"Shit…" Dean sighed.
Dean didn’t say anything, even though he wanted to.
Gabriel snapped his fingers and Castiel vanished into thin air. It was the first time in history that the angel had managed to wear normal human clothes outside the bunker and Gabriel was immensely proud he’d been the one behind the convincing.
“Now you know how demons feel.” Meg drawled, kissing his neck, and absently rubbing her finger against the hem of his black tank top as she rested her cheek on his shoulder.
"You sure do love cheeseburgers," Holly commented. "It's all your subconscious has been ordering."
“If it’s a spell,” Crowley mentioned. “It’s got to be one of the strongest bloody ones I’ve ever seen.”
"But he's," Dean's voice went up an octave. "He's a guy!"
"Because of His son," Holly swallowed hard. "You make His son happy."
“Make it quick,” the higher-ranking angel began to usher the other lower tier warrior to leave. “You know the rules.”
"I wanna do it!" Daniel replied, a smile returning to his face.
Dean stared at her for a moment. She let out a giant sigh and looked him in the eyes. Dean almost felt the anguish Future Dean had just by looking at her. She was cut up and bleeding and glass filled her eyes. She was a royal mess. One day she would be his and Castiel's royal mess though, that is if Dean wanted that. Just by looking at her future condition, Dean didn't think he did.
And there was something about Sam losing hope that had Dean and Jack feeling as though there was nothing left of themselves to give either.
"This is guy who sings in Top Gun right," Dean asked Holly. "Kenny Loggins."
Sam stared at Gabriel, curious as to where he was going with this.
Dean could still feel the alcohol coursing through his system. Every step was still filled with dizziness and the rapid succession of an increasing heartbeat. Jay was right. Dean knew he was right.
"You look like sex on legs."
"Please Annahita," Castiel said. "The Righteous Man and I wish to have our own child. We want him or her to be made of us. Father has these powers I realize, but you are the only one who can convince him it is of import to us. He tends to turn a blind eye to me lately…"
That had been a damn lie.
With that, Dean nodded, and the angels touched hands to shoulders and Team Free Will vanished as though they had never been there in the first place.
,” Titan commented. “
Dean didn't say anything, Castiel didn't ask again. He already knew the answer.
This was different.
"Damn," he whistled, laughing too. "Go Cas!"
Clarence’s gentle fingers strumming a guitar. His gravelly voice shouting out Pearl Jam’s
His vessel was practically glowing. His vessel’s blonde hair was a bit shaggier than the first time he’d possessed the man, but the rest of him still looked the same. The crooked glasses at the bottom of his nose, the business casual clothing, the calming voice. He’d kept many an angel alive during various wars, patching up their wounds and keeping them mentally together. Castiel included himself in this statement.
"How do you know that?" Dean asked, sitting down on the edge of the bed, and fluffing up one of the pillows.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean peered through the door. Daniel was rushing around on a cell phone, chatting with a friend Dean assumed. Daniel had grown into a handsome teenager who looked just as Dean had in his teen years. Dean noticed also that in the corner of the boy's room a familiar canine face was carefully watching. Titan was lying down and seemingly being ignored by Daniel as he rushed to put his shoes on. Daniel went to leave his room, hanging up his phone and as he stalked over to the door Titan's head shot up. He barked, standing up.
“It’s over,” Dean announced, loudly, as he cocked his gun. “You wanna do this the easy or the hard way, freak?”
When Sam had come into the room wincing every time, he used his right wrist, Jack had felt a slight twinge of anxiety and fear.
His daughter ran off excitedly and Dean watched Future him roll his eyes for the fifth time in that entire conversation. The scene suddenly changed again and Dean and Holly were standing in Bobby's junkyard. Dean heard the familiar sound of his handgun and spun around to see Future him and his daughter down the way. She was aiming at some homemade targets and very focused as Future Dean instructed her how stand and when to pull the trigger. Dean couldn't help but notice how beautiful she looked, how gracefully she held the gun. There was something grand about it, but there was also something sad about it. Like she was made to hold it, Dean hated to think like that. Her long black and wavy hair fanned out across her shoulders and blew in the breeze. The pop that erupted through the air was almost deafening after she let go of the trigger. It was a perfect bull's eye.
Dean watched Castiel move. He watched him get up from the bed and get dressed, leaving behind a mess of sweat and whatever other fluids they had left behind. Dean watched the angel’s toned and tanned body twist and move as he pulled his clothes back on. The trench coat went on last and Dean felt his tongue go dry the longer he stared.
“I suppose you’ve been filled in on the likes of my cousins,” Ron said, as though dipping his feet in the water, and testing it.
Clark was dreaming about the day his mother died.
"It would take more than a blind man to miss that," Bobby gave him a crooked smile. "Dean told me once, in his own jumbled drunken words and in confidence, about himself. I never told a soul because I knew he was terrified. He still is, but you make him less afraid of everything somehow. He seems…safe around you. Happy. It's all I could have ever asked for him no matter who or what he ended up with."
“On me…?” Dean finishes, sadly. He can’t hide the emotion any longer. The tears. In fact, they cradle the corners of his eyes so tightly they burn.
His vision was still fuzzy when he blinked, nothing fully coming into focus right away or at all for that matter. He hadn’t remembered much beyond hitting his head. Or perhaps, getting hit in the head? It was all still quite a blur.
"Oh," she got a determined look in her eyes. "You're on!"
Ron trusted his father as far as he could throw him, but two out of three of the parties in the room had denied any affiliation with a potential world takeover, and Hades, although they hadn’t been close in recent years, had never steered Ron and his own children wrong before. Crowley had simply shrugged, claiming he knew nothing of the incident.
“Trust me kid,” Sam chuckled. “It’s not harps and haloes. Jack’s in his room, by the way, but I would knock before you go in there. He and Cas are dealing with some delicate issues right now.”
“I think you’ll be a far better teacher.”
I’m sorry if these chapters seem kind of info dumpy at times. I wanted to keep a small sense of mystery, but also explain some of the side effects of the angels’ conditions. Eventually, the dominos will fall into place, and yes Clark will come into this! Probably in the next chapter!
“Kevin will translate,” Dean said. “And when those assholes and Chuck make their move, we’ll be there to throw them into the pit and close the door behind them.”
"Papa…" she let out a barking cough.
Daniel, on the other hand…
Daniel was so lost in thought it took him a few minutes to snap back into reality and realize Sarah was still talking to him.
"No," Future Dean raised his voice and said sternly. "You don't and more importantly you won't ever!"
"Hey," Future Dean spoke in a soft, gentle voice. "You're okay princess. You're gonna be okay."
"Heaven is overrated," Bess smirked. "I can say that because I'll never go. As for that, well you just have to trust that whatever it is out there won't succeed."
"Come along Dean." Holly repeated and started walking out of the motel room, Dean caught one last glance at Sam and Gabriel still not believing that could actually happen.
Dean stared up into Castiel's eyes, shivering and pulling the blanket closer to him. Castiel assisted.
“No more than usual,” Dean gave Sam one of his signature smiles. “Just checking, ya know.”
The hound had spent the past week with her, worshiping her body, and meshing it with his own. He’d explained the whole process to her, and Meg had willingly helped him out, knowing it would be over in a week’s time. It wasn’t that she didn’t enjoy their more intimate time together, she was simply worn out.
One thing was clear though, Castiel had always been a sight to behold.
"It's true and it's very hard to get out of clothes," Future Dean chuckled a bit. "Anyway, it's not fun at all, it's hard work. It requires a lot of skill, diner food, cheap motels, deep gashes and stitches without morphine. It's not the best line of work."
He also looked at himself in the mirror and checked his teeth for rosemary even after brushing, flossing, and using mouthwash.
Dean silently replied, his groin finally winning out. "
“Angel?” Clark was bewildered.
“Let those who no longer stand with me,” Chuck twisted his hand and Castiel felt himself being lifted up from the ground. “No longer have a home here within my kingdom and with me.”
“I knew the moment he fell against that grave,” LeSalle said. “Now, I think it’s about high time I go marry ma boyfriend.”
She hadn’t really even been able to feel his grace to the degree that she normally could. It was as though something else had had a hold on it that night.
"Wow," LeSalle commented, but didn't look away from staring into the gas station window. "That is some furious typin' going on over there."
“I guess the only question is where do we go from here?” Crowley asked.
“Is the kid truly in any danger if he doesn’t take it?” Dean asked.
It wouldn't have been the first time.
The voice coming out of the radio was smooth and happy. Dean, though he was an avid rock and roll lover, determined he liked the song already. He watched as happy smiling faces joined together in the living room and the song seemed to last forever. There was a part of Dean, a part he'd tell nowhere, that wished it would.
"I had the weirdest dream the other night," Dean began and Castiel, trying not to show any strange emotions, shuffled in his chair.
Hunter’s children were truly a different breed.
“Don’t worry about it kid,” Dean placed a hand on his shoulder and turned to face the sound of Castiel landing nearby. “Why don’t you go back to having fun okay?”
“The potion isn’t working,” Daniel said, sheepishly. He felt bad about lying, but upon looking into the eyes that surrounded him, he knew he had to. Here were the people who had raised him, helped him become what he was supposed to become, and had tried to fix his maladies. How could he look them in the eyes and tell them he hated everything about himself?
Future Dean looked overjoyed. He couldn't even express it in words. He simply held Castiel close to him; he'd brought Future him to tears. Dean wasn't an easily moved man. This was strange for him to watch. The moment was over almost as quickly as it had begun and Dean watched Future him kiss Castiel. Dean had kissed a lot of women in his lifetime. Never had he kissed one of them like this. There was nothing, but pure love in it. Dean saw his shoulders convulse as Future him deepened the kiss, tears running down his face. Dean caught his breath again, this all felt so familiar yet like some faraway dream. Like he was something that never was. He was grateful for what Holly had shown him so far, but at the same time his heart was aching.
Read and Review!
The feeling never came, and the empty bottle of Jack Daniels hung heavy in his hand as he walked.
He'd thought he'd found it with Jessica, who he would still consider to be the great love of his life, and that had managed to be foiled too. There were years in between of "what ifs" and "almosts", but now the world was ending. For real this time.
“Demons,” Dean mentioned.
Sam ordered some domestic beer he'd never heard of and turned back to Eileen.
“I will inform Sam.” Castiel turned to leave, hearing Jack’s voice one more time when his fingers hit the doorknob.
"Nothing from up front," Dean muttered, still a bit upset about the shoe issue, but willing to let it go based on how intently Claire was paying attention to what was happening around her.
Dean pushed himself up from the invisible ground and sprung to his feet. He spun around again, hearing nothing, but his own heartbeat deep in his chest and even that was too loud.
Dean went back to kissing the angel, grinding their bodies together as he did so, and eliciting small moans from Castiel. Dean fumbled with the drawer on the side table, pulling a few items out from inside it, and setting them down on the bed beside the two of them.
Dean watched and listened with bated breath for Castiel’s answer.
"You and me both kid," Bobby chuckled and then turned to face a young sickly Dean again. The younger version of Dean had fallen asleep again, sweat pooling on his forehead, and Bobby sighed louder, placing his hand to the young man's forehead.
“In the time that took place before Aiden and me…had relations,” Castiel looked away from Dean, outside the window, and the hunter tried to keep his blood pressure under control.
---------------------------
-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-
Dean isn’t quite sure what he hopes to accomplish here, but maybe just maybe if what’s left of his soul screams loudly enough someone who he wants to hear it will listen.
Lucifer stared intently at the map board, trying to take Balthazar’s words to heart. It had been a strange feeling, finally being back in Heaven and his Father accepting him back with open arms, but it was an even stranger feeling calling people who he’d once worked so hard against. It almost didn’t feel like he had the right.
The fact of the matter still stood that it didn’t matter whether or not Daniel had drunk Cathalsis’ potion. It hadn’t worked from day one.
The symptoms were common. He'd seen John Winchester succumb to the disease himself for the full seventy-two hours and still get up in the morning, shakily load his guns and check his wares, and hunt the damn thing that had given it to him. Dean could've sworn his father's eyes had glowed slightly yellow the moment he'd come in that night after killing the monster.
"I have much to explain I suppose," Cathalsis chuckled and motioned for her and Castiel to follow him inside. "Come inside and I'll tend to that ache in your back Miss Winchester."
“No matter what a writer does,” Sam continued. “No matter what they write, their characters never end up following the rules, the path, the writer laid out for them. They end up becoming their own thing. Controlling their own fates and endings.”
"D-ean…" Castiel croaked out, turning his head towards his friend.
“Then whatever way is the fastest out of this state.”
He figured if he could get everybody in one room, they could discuss the logistics of the angels’ afflictions before moving forward in any way otherwise. Dean was also the first to admit that he was too chickenshit to face Castiel by himself after such a passionate night and having it end like it did.
“Some party huh?” Dean nervously chuckled.
Eileen showered and came back to bed in record time. Sam had graciously placed several pain reliever bottles and a glass of water on the bedside table. He sat on the other side, going over something intently on his laptop. Eileen crawled back under the sheets, snuggling up to him, and reading over the website.
Ron tried to move his mouth, tried to form the words normal people could form and utter in houses of pure love and forgiveness all around the world, but Ron’s curse was to never be able to speak the words, much less do the action.
Claire sat on the front step, a beer in her hand, and she looked up at the night sky. Dean's feet moved in a robotic fashion in her direction.
Castiel closed the distance between them and kissed Dean, gently, passionately. The hunter cupped the angel’s cheeks and kissed back.
“Won’t that stuff kill you?” Dean asked. “You know, with the dog part of you and all.”
“Why do you think that was?” Sam asked.
It was nice to have an outsider’s perspective. The Men of Letters had compiled many a file on creatures Sam and Dean had only heard legends about, and some of those legends had proven to be true recently on a few side hunts. Sam swore they wouldn’t have been able to stop the monsters otherwise, thus leading to a newfound sense of respect from Dean regarding the importance of research.
“Shit Dean,” Sam threw his hands up in the air. “I banged a demon for years! I experimented in college like the rest of ‘em do. If you’re questioning it, you gotta figure that shit out somehow!”
The night felt as though it had come faster this time. Garth had assured Dean he hadn't had to help clean up after the party. His family was planning a run under the full moon together. No hunting, no attacking people, just a test of their skills and bonding time. Gertie excitedly danced around the yard, motioning for Garth to pick her up and he did, snuggling his face into hers and giving her a type of butterfly kiss Dean had only seen in cheesy movies.
His gaze went to Meg, Crowley, and Ron.
"Good," Holly said, letting her hand fall away from Dean. He saw more red marks on the sides of her hands, but decided he'd best not question them. "I suppose you're wondering where you and Castiel are?"
Dean could barely get the words to come out.
"There is no lesson to be learned here Dean," Holly said, Dean had gotten up and turned to leave, but her words had stopped him. "There's nothing here, but the future. The future you can have if you go after it."
“Oh yeah?” Dean chuckled ever so slightly, trying his best to talk through his wheezing, and suddenly he broke into another fit of harsh coughing. The witty smile on Dean’s face faded and he blinked slowly a few times, trying to rid the black dots blinking in and out of existence in front of his eyes.
Dean's attention turned to Sam, who was giving him the most accusatory look known to man. Dean returned the glare, trying to hide the tickle that had now crawled into his throat and was threatening to make him have a coughing fit.
“There is a way.” Lucifer commented and the other two stared at him.
What Daniel had neglected to tell everyone was that he had been spinning tales and spitting lies from the moment he’d taken the first sip. The dreams hadn’t lasted as long at first, but they’d still happened. They’d still come about, despite Cathalsis’ efforts. Whoever was making them come to him (Daniel suspected his friend was to blame) was far too powerful for an angel’s efforts to take hold and make a difference.
Clark felt better. His fever had basically broken and was low grade at that point. His leg still ached, but he was able to stand and walk around. His hair was a bit knotted and greasy from lack of proper facilities before that moment. He had found a bathroom, lacking a shower though, on the edge of the medical bay and inspected himself in the mirror.
"I volunteered for the task."
Dean wanted to call out. He wanted Castiel to stay. He honestly wouldn't have minded the angel crawling into bed with him at this point. If only it meant Castiel being there. As Lisa had said, being afraid was doing him no favors.
“It went well,” Sam answered for him, and motioned with his head for Jack to take off. Jack hesitated a moment, but then obliged. His feet dragging ever so slightly as he made his way off to his room.
Sam struggled, trying his best to avoid the fangs rapidly coming closer and closer to his throat. He closed his eyes, preparing for the worst.
“I figured you would,” the demon cracked its neck and readjusted itself for the fight.
"Actually dad," she replied. "I'd rather draw, like we used to?"
“I think we need a break,” Kevin finished. “Not forever, just to get our shit together and to try and save the world. Then…we’ll talk. Okay?”
“How?!” Dean exclaimed all of a sudden, after banging his hand on the table. “I mean you saw what happened to my kid! It was like some otherworldly thing had control over him! He didn’t even know how he ended up in that field in the first place!”
ALSO: Ben is Dean's kid and nobody can tell me otherwise.
But why was it only affecting him and seemingly not Sam? And why the two angels? What would a witch have to gain from targeting them, if it were even a witch at all?
"Which place is the cheapest?" Dean asked.
Castiel waited a moment and then heard a flap of wings.
The hickey and Castiel’s still puffy lips were currently taunting him.
“It didn’t like that very much, now did it.” Gabriel smirked and his eyes turned white before, his vessel too, started to dissolve.
So instead, he did as he had done many times before, he followed Dean Winchester out of the bunker and into the unknown.
He knew he felt freer. Lighter. As though the weight of the last twenty plus years had been lifted in one single moment. One, breathtakingly, earth shakingly, powerful moment.
“You,” Dean pointed at his brother and sipped his coffee, as the pair made their way to the car, duffle bags on their backs, and another case closed.
It had been twenty-four hours since the news had been dropped, and for Dean it felt as though it had been twenty years instead.
The familiar sound of the Impala’s engine filled the air and the two Winchester brothers stepped from the car and ran over to the angels.
"How are you feeling Dean?" Castiel asked, cocking his head ever so slightly and Dean felt a tingle travel through his left arm. He couldn't lie. Castiel was using whatever angel mojo he had left to double check on Dean's condition.
“It’s just insurance Cas,” Dean assured the angel, and patted him on the side of his arm to make sure the device did not move or come loose, should Castiel jerk his upper half abruptly.
All for the story.
Bane sighed and the hounds immediately all felt an overwhelming sense of concern. It was rare that their Leader showed much fear.
Daniel sat on his bed, staring off into the distance at the wall.
Sam immediately moved from where he stood, assisting Jack in standing back upright entirely. Dean watched the two of them, specifically Jack. The Nephilim’s skin looked flushed, but not by fever. The longer he stared at Clark, the larger his pupils grew. He shifted as though uncomfortable enough to leave, but still longing to be in the room.
"None of them," a voice said from beside Dean, but Dean was inclined to look towards the older him rather than to the voice. "You should've expected this."
Either way, Sam and Dean would be there to pick up the pieces and hopefully keep everyone they cared about alive for another day.
Dean threw his arms up in the air.
Read and Review!
The silence that dances between them continues for far too long for Dean’s liking.
It felt as though no breath entered any lungs in the room for what seemed like forever.
"Sounds awesome!" she exclaimed and ran with great speed to the car. Future Dean cleaned up the makeshift shooting range and hopped into the driver's seat. He sped off away from where Bobby's house had stood and down the road a few miles before he and his daughter reached their favorite diner. The parking lot was full and Future Dean wondered if he could even find a parking spot, luckily he did. The pair walked in and the bell sounded off. Future Dean smiled politely at the waitress and waved. She waved back and pointed to their favorite booth. Dean and Holly followed after them and no one seemed to notice. A few customers exiting even walked right through them as usual. Dean and Holly sat at the booth nearby, the one Dean and she had been seated in the first time he'd seen he had a daughter in the future.
Eve commented through Adam’s head. “
Dean swallowed hard, wanting to say something, anything, but no words would come out.
Then, he showed John Winchester, or rather what he believed John would do if he knew.
“I wanted to let you guys have some fun first.” Sarah explained.
Bobby replied.
It wasn’t Heaven, but it was close.
"You know, busy saving the world half of the time and all."
"Hey," Future Dean said, starting to walk out. "It's what dad's are for right, taking care of their little girls, even when they're not so little anymore."
Read and Review!
“Will you let me help you?” Dean asked, no, pleaded. “I want to help you.”
Once the spinning stopped, Dean relaxed his muscles. The sound of silence was almost just as deafening as what he’d just gone through. The void was gone, and the light remained, surrounding Dean, and filling him with a strange sort of comfort he hadn’t felt since he was young.
The creature above the other creature trapped beneath it was staring, mouth in a blank line, and fist raised with a glinting silver blade in it. It was clear that both beings were angels, in fact Dean’s head throbbed the closer he got to the two of them. The angel on top cocked its head, its vessel a mess of slightly shaggy hair and a five-o clock shadow blossomed across the vessel’s chin and cheeks. It wore armor made of what looked like an almost inhuman type of steel. Similar looking boots adorned its feet.
"I'm sure she forgives you, Dean." Castiel assured him and let go once Dean reached the dresser, where his hand held tight onto the side.
“They love you.”
Sam barely heard Dean calling his name. He blinked and turned his head towards his brother.
“You’re not the only one.”
“Hell, is it still ass backwards?” Dean asked.
“You ever stop to think maybe we wanted to be that close to you in some way?” Sam asked.
Something aboveground.
Read and Review!
“I take it the investigation still hasn’t wrapped up yet?”
All Dean saw was Castiel, standing in the hallway contemplating whether or not to enter his future daughter's room. All Dean heard was Stone Temple Pilots' 'Interstate Love Song' blasting from her radio. Future Dean walked by, a basket of clean laundry in his arms, he looked like a regular housewife.
He swears there are two droplets of blood still in the dirt in the space between he and the other figure. A small token from their first meeting, and although he doubts, they’re still there to this day in the barn on Earth, it brings Dean a small comfort to see them now.
“Take a picture, Cas,” Dean rasped out and coughed again a few times. “It’ll last longer.”
Daniel understood the pain and fear that went along with Titan’s words of caution. The hound was right. The place was clearly cursed. Too many bad things had happened to Daniel every time he’d traveled or ended up there, and there was no point in going back.
“You asked me once if you thought I deserved to be saved,” Dean continues. “And to this day, if anyone asked me that question, I’d say no, but damn if I wouldn’t be lying. Because, over the years, it was you that convinced me I did deserve it. Worked tirelessly every day to prove that to me, no matter how damn stubborn I was in believing it, and how many blows I threw your way. No matter the abuse you suffered at my hands, the things that will always haunt me, and the things I will forever be sorry for and that I don’t ever expect you to forgive me for either. I mean, who does that? Puts up with somebody like that, and for what?”
“Because?” Sam gave Dean a look and motioned for him to keep going.
“You were suffering,” Castiel explained. “It’s my job to protect you. It’s always been my job, ever since I took my oath.”
Read and Review!
If the creatures were angels, there was no doubt in his mind that the one looking at him was Castiel.
“If you’re wondering how it went,” Dean commented. “It went.”
The training with Sam had gone well for what it was, but all day there had been this almost burning and tingling sensation underneath Jack’s skin. He couldn’t describe it any other way.
"I'd better take this," he motioned to the kid and Castiel nodded, turning to leave.
“You know,” Dean stammered a bit and Castiel turned his head to face the hunter. “There’s food inside. Good food. I made it. I uh…was hoping you’d stay for dinner.”
Dean resisted the urge to cry all over again.
Dean watched the exchange with both fascination and a strange jealousy that overtook him, crawled under his skin, and made a home. He hadn't seen Sam smile like that in ages. Appearing as though he was floating on a cloud, and Eileen providing the calm he so desperately needed.
Dean stirred a giant pot of noodles, preparing for the best spaghetti dinner known to man to be ready in a short half hour. He added a few spices to the sauce, listening to bits and pieces of the conversation around him.
“I have no doubt in my mind.” Gabriel said, with confidence.
Dean hesitated.
“You sure you know what you’re doing, Gabe?” Sam asked.
The little boy hesitated.
“No,” Dean replied quickly. “That’s not what I mean. You…you’re different Cas.”
WOW I really threw things for a loop in this chapter. That ending though ;) I promise things will be either come to light or be resolved soon. The reference to the hawk is in my other fics as well. I often have Castiel come to Dean in dreams in this form. It's always the same dream too. ;)
“The Bible got a lot of things wrong.” Adam replied and settled further into the bed, taking Eve’s hand in his and watching the police trying to solve the latest murders.
“Father must never know,” Balthazar assured Castiel. “Our brother died in battle. Nothing more, nothing less.”
Yet, there was something about watching Castiel sleep that felt infinite.
“Agent Rolland,” Aiden motioned Dean over and Dean swallowed a hard lump in his throat before throwing up a hand to wave and shuffling over to the duo.
“I demand to speak to Father!” Castiel cried out, trying to fight against the confines of another angel’s wrist as he held the Seraph back from the door.
Read and Review!
“Alright Austin,” Ron called out. “I know you’re here!”
I do hope everyone enjoys this chapter and the next one will definitely be out soon!
"Essentially yes," Holly nodded. "I was given an order by God to show you your future. He often does this. If you've ever heard of a person's life flashing before their eyes? Or a near death experience? Or in your case, a comatose future tour."
If he had anything to do with it, he would make sure that nobody suffered due to his actions.
“I had the worst dad known to man,” Dean said. “The kind that doesn’t even deserve the title. The kind I would have to kill because he’d look at you and just see something to hunt, and that’s not the kind of dad I ever wanted to be if I had ever become one at all.”
“You’re too nice,” the other little boy laughed. “Either way, that doesn’t mean we can’t be friends and have fun, together right?”
All, but one, of the shifters were dead. The angels had managed to lure the entire colony of monsters to their location and had fought together for hours to try and kill them all. Although Gabriel had decided to keep one for torture.
The hunter’s eyes watered. There was a distant echo. Somewhere, the sound of tires on asphalt came up from out of the nothingness, and the familiar sound of an ancient engine filled Dean’s ears.
His thoughts returned to the spider and the sounds he’d heard earlier. The crunching and slurping as though something were eating. As though something were nourishing itself while Dean slipped from reality to reality in a never-ending cycle.
He didn't say any of that though.
Maple Street.
"I don't believe we've really ever formally met although we have spoke a few times in passing," Garth held out his hand to Castiel. "Garth Fitzgerald IV, D.D.S, werewolf, and part time hunter."
“Some weather we’re having huh?” Dean smirked and Sam chuckled before rolling his eyes and clinking beer bottles with his brother. The pair drank at the same time, training their eyes to the sky, and taking in the vast abyss of darkness and light all the same as the stars twinkled. The moon was new, providing even more of a shadowy backdrop.
Sam noticed Castiel’s eyes darting around, as though he were trying to avoid something.
I wanted to get this chapter out to y’all since it’s been a hot minute and I am sorry for that. Things are ramping up with school so updates may be more infrequent, but I promise I have not given up on this or any of my stories! With that being said, I hope everyone enjoyed this one, and I will see you in the next!
Dean didn't reply. He took another sip of his beer and looked down at a rolly polly on concrete that had curled itself up into a ball. That was about how he felt. His body was starting to ache even more than before, and he could feel the chills from a low-grade fever coming on.
“No,” Sam replied with confusion. “He went for beer, dinner, and more stuff for Jack. Why?”
When they separated Dean eventually broke into a sideways smirk.
"Humanity's a bit," Dean chuckled. "Overwhelming isn't it?"
"See you in the next event." She said and then disappeared. Dean rolled his eyes and looked around. The people were frozen again. The radio was given a rest. Dean started on peeling away the glass like usual and found he was in a forest. Holly stood, silent and observing something.
Daniel waited for fear to cross over him, as it already the other human citizens around him and Sarah, but he hadn’t counted on contentment reigning supreme instead.
“Well hey there,” Dean smirked upon reaching the woman’s side. “I was hoping to see that smile a little more up close and personal if you know what I mean?”
“Dean…” Sam started.
He’d scoured the Men of Letters archive on unusual oils and scents. Nothing showed up that was quite like what he had found on the tissue in the car. Besides, witches tended to use physical objects rather than derivatives of anything.
“What is it?” Meg asked, concerned.
The Warriors had instructed Sam and Dean to leave the room and the brothers didn’t even need to look back to know, based on the scream that echoed through the walls of the dilapidated abandoned motel room, what the end result had been.
“Are you real?” Dean asks, after a few heartbeats of a pause.
To Dean her little voice felt like a punch to his gut. He could tell that Future him felt the same way. Future Dean looked behind him then leaned in close to his daughter.
Those words hung heavy in the air. Bobby took a small step back, and Dean observed how he stared at the back of his younger self’s head with a saddened gaze. It was clear to Dean now as an adult, at the time, Bobby had wanted nothing more than to pick Dean up into his arms and take him far away from anywhere John could reach.
“Took you long enough.”
“There’s some truth to this, isn’t there?” Sam asked, calmly and quietly.
So why did it feel so right? Thinking those things.
“Humans need recovery time, Gabe.”
Daniel looked over at his side table, searching for what was left in the bottle of Cathalsis’ concoction. He swirled the electric blue liquid around at the bottom of the glass and observed the way it moved. He knew he should drink the rest, take care of the problem.
“Let’s track these bitches down.”
“Where’s this going, Lucifer?” Sam asked, half curious, and yet, still half expecting a trick.
"Bach and Beethoven?" his daughter laughed.
A rustle of clothing later and a small thump and Meg was even further up against the wall. Castiel stared her up and down with a sultry look and her smile widened.
Clark Barker was honestly surprised that he wasn’t dead yet.
The angel and the hunter stared for a moment before both of them broke into a small fit of laughter. Castiel leaned his head back into the pillow below him and Dean hung his and snickered.
“Something of that nature, yes,” Castiel nodded. “But…I suppose you should know that by now it has grown exponentially into more than that.”
So, it left him with a big giant nothing.
Still, thoughts of Hell plagued him every waking day and every time he closed his eyes on his pillow at night. It was a hard life to live, and he had felt entirely alone in it until his talk with Alex.
“Did you find out anything useful?” Dean finished.
Dean was his intended mate. It was rare,with humans, but sometimes it happened.
"Does this family worship Satan?" she asked. "Cuz I mean if we do I don't care, but from what I heard from Papa, his brother is kind of a jerk."
Shortly after the short-lived festivities, Daniel was helping clear the last of the plates, and stacking them in the arms of his cousin. Sarah smiled at him, thanking him for helping as well, and she disappeared down the hallway headed for the cleanup crew in the kitchen.
It hurt Castiel worse that there was nothing he could do beyond waiting. Normally, something like this could be dealt with in a mere moment, but the angel was useless.
All the feelings of doubt were suddenly drowned out, and for the first time it was simply Dean in a room with his family.
Ron cried out in pain, feeling Kevin’s fingers graze his wound as the Prophet bit his lip, attempting to change the Hellboy’s bandage.
“No shit.” Dean groaned and leaned back into his pillow, his fingers shaking a little, and Castiel grabbed for the trash can. The angel put it back down beside the bed and continued to stare intently at Dean.
His stomach flipped and Dean felt a wave of nausea overtake him.
Future Dean pondered for a moment and then broke into a smile.
He could still feel Castiel's stubble on his lips.
“What do you think?” Dean chuckled. “You ready for the next one?”
Dean smiled at the sight of the little boy running around in the backyard, Castiel right behind him. But what was even more amazing was the sight of Titan; the Angelhound Gabriel had given Dean's future daughter and subsequently the family, running right beside the boy. Dean watched as the boy reached the rather tall swing set and slide combo that Future Dean and Sam had apparently set up years ago for Dean's future daughter. The boy looked up at the climb and the tall slide that was significantly taller than even his sister. He swallowed hard, looking rather nervous. Dean watched as Titan came up behind the little boy and nudged his back. His eyes flashed yellow.
Whew the ending of this chapter was a bit of a doozy wasn't it my friends? Drunken Dean confessing is one of my favorite tropes and I'm glad I was able to use it. Don't worry, even if Dean might not fully remember this night, Castiel sure will, and it will definitely lead to a conversation or two in the future.
“Connected?” Daniel questioned.
“I can make it colder,” Castiel nodded and used what little was required of his powers to adjust the temperature of his vessel. Dean let out a blissful sigh. “You need to drink more.”
Dean had always been drawn to the rain.
Aiden chuckled and then winked. “
"The puppy talks daddy and papa," his daughter exclaimed. "He's the coolest dog ever! This is the best tenth birthday ever!
“You do?” Jack asked, feeling half hopeful and half saddened that Clark was suddenly as aware as he was about all the bad things in the world.
LeSalle pulled Drew towards him and dipped him as the pair passionately kissed and the small congregation of family and friends before them stood and clapped.
"It's not often we get to do things like this," Garth continued. "What with the world going to sh—crap every other day. Everybody here in the same place. Especially two of my best friends Sam and Dean Winchester, who have done more for me and my family than I can ever repay."
It was late. The duo found themselves in the wee hours of the night and Dean had barely slept. At least, not in the way that Castiel wanted for the man. The hunter’s fever had returned with a vengeance and it took all Castiel had not to drain himself of grace to cure him. Dean shivered forcibly, letting out tiny noises of discomfort as he did. He couldn’t get warm, no matter how many blankets were piled on top of him
Dean took a moment, collecting his thoughts and taking a breath. He didn't want to yell at Sam. Not right now and not right here. What he needed was a drink or two or three.
“Can I just say,” Dean announced. “That even though all Hell has broken loose out there, that we deserve this moment right here, right now. Those two evil sons of bitches can try all they want, but they won’t win. We’re too united, too powerful, against them. We beat Heaven.”
Jack cocked his head, feeling a tug at his gut, same as before.
“Nothing ever is with us.” Dean gave Sam a small thin smile.
The man smirked.
It got off the other angel, standing over it, and glaring.
Sam’s words struck a chord with Dean, and the elder Winchester felt his stomach and heart flip flop once again at the thought of Castiel still being somewhere in the bunker. The thought of the angel within the brick walls, despite him having run away once more to avoid the difficult situation he’d been placed in.
“Seven attacks,” Jody explained. “All the same. Horrendous gashes across the body. Some blood loss, but not as though something sucked it out. Haven’t identified any registered weapons yet, but it looks as though it could have been done with a knife or potentially claws.”
“What about me?” Castiel replied.
"No," Sam was confused. "I dont smell anything, Dean."
"I had her," Sam remarked, bringing up the old wounds of Jess proved to be just as deadly as they were when she died years ago. "But I…lost her…"
There was something familiar about all of it though. The subtle ringing in Dean’s ears when he rounded back around the column and closed his eyes. The stinging sensation in Dean’s arm when the figures passed by. The electric power that swept over him like a wave in the ocean.
"Well anybody could see that from a mile away." Eileen sat up.
When Dean had had enough time to process what was most likely going to occur in whatever amount of time it took to happen, and had let Castiel in.
“I need to tell you something,” Jack said with conviction. “I don’t know if you’re going to like it or not.”
“Dude was flirting with Mr. Roboto over here?” Dean said, in disbelief. “I don’t think so.”
Dean wanted to protest, wanted to remind Castiel of all that had been going on lately, and why his worry was justified, but instead he kept his mouth shut and simply held his son tighter than before.
No matter what had caused it, there wasn’t anything some Busty Asian Beauties couldn’t solve.
Titan had simply been excited to make conversation about the developments in his life. Chaya had felt her heart sink further and further with every word he spoke.
“I will always help you, Dean.” Castiel turned away and his eyes begun to glow.
That left him with only one question. What was Jack and what had he just done to him?
Dean watched him young adult visage sputter and convulse as the ghost he’d been chasing worked its way into his veins and skin and stayed awhile. He heard his younger self’s neck crack when he cocked his head. Dean could practically feel the death grip he’d had on his knife that day. The laugh that had come out of him as he’d stalked back into the house and into the back bedroom.
It was written all over his muzzle this time.
“You see any way in?” Ron asked, twirling his dagger slowly in his hand, poised to strike at any given minute. The ever-ready nature of Hell Children had always put Crowley on edge. Then again, he’d hoped to never deal with them…ever.
"I-I keep falling over your big shoes daddy," she cried out. "I can't do it!"
“How exciting,” the mom nodded. “Congratulations and I hope we’ll see you next year!”
“Maybe yeah,” the little boy nodded too and turned his head at the sight of the man on the bench across the way standing up and calling Daniel and his cousin’s names. Sarah leapt from the jungle gym and waved goodbye to her new friends as she ran over to her uncle. Daniel also bid goodbye to his friend and jogged over to the bench.
Reviews are appreciated!
“Feels almost illegal,” Crowley remained, now standing beside Dean while he cooked. “Celebrating in any way while they’re still out there.”
"Whiskey man through and through," the man chuckled. "Til the day I die. I could say the same for you, man."
You know, somehow my productivity always kicks in when school is about to start, and I’m supposed to be focused on more important things. So maybe I should just stay in school for the rest of my life lol. Either way, sorry this update is so late. I will be finishing this fic in probably a few short chapters. So, if anybody’s still interested, please stay tuned.
Sam gave Jody a sideways look and reached for the keys to her spare car she often let the brothers use while they were in town.
Maalik, one of the Warriors had pointed his angel blade to the werewolf’s throat and the werewolf had groaned in pain at it hissed and cut into his skin.
“Haven’t you had enough?!” Dean snarled and tried to grab at the thing before it sidestepped and turned to face the now fading scene before them.
Dean sighed, taking another swig of his beer, and gazing up at the high ceiling. His eyes closed and he pictured that moment. The tears in Castiel’s eyes. The Empty coming and swallowing him like a hungry eternal snake. The handprint that was still crusted on Dean’s shirt, hanging in his bedroom closet where it would stay like a green cotton tombstone.
“You get off on all this.” Dean concluded, as the same creature from before materialized once again, on his right side.
“Show off,” Kevin rolled his eyes, but it was said playfully as he linked arms with the Hellboy, and Ron shifted back to normal.
Dean has no weapons. He doesn’t need them anymore. A peculiar hollow feeling fills him every time he thinks about it, but there are no monsters here, not unless he counts the ones, he faces in his mind every moment spent with his thoughts.
“I was a little…preoccupied.” Dean ground his teeth and continued to stare intently at the hickey blossoming on his angel friend’s neck.
His daughter?
That had panned out quite well.
Future Dean ran over to Castiel and rolled him over on his side. The angel was out cold and bleeding, but alive. Dean breathed a sigh of relief, but he feared if they didn't help Castiel fast enough things would turn bad.
Jack felt a wave of slight nausea overtake him. He swallowed hard and leaned his head in the direction of his bedroom door.
"Look, don't get your panties in a bunch," Dean threw his hands up in the air. "I didn't mean you couldn't you just seem so…"
That was all it took for the floodgates to open. Castiel captured Dean’s lips once more and pressed the entirety of the emotions he was feeling past them and into Dean as he kissed him passionately and slowly brought his hand up to the hunter’s arm. The same arm that had been marked all those years ago when he’d pulled him from the depths of Hell.
"It's okay," Titan said to the boy through his mind and somehow Dean heard it too. "You can do it."
Before Chuck could say a word, Jack was across the way in a split second, hands on the side of Chuck’s head, and a wave of power like none before blasted through Chuck and Jack alike. The Winchesters stumbled as the air around them slowed down and the sky sealed itself. The water stopped pounding onto the sand nearby and instead, lapped at its edges.
“What the hell are you talking about, man?” Dean replied, suddenly getting a bit more defensive than before.
"You're right Cas," Future Dean said. "And that's exactly what I'll do, but first…how's my little champ doing?"
“I am sorry to put you in such a position, Sam.” Castiel suddenly popped up in the backseat of the car and Sam jumped, grabbing at his heart, and letting out a deep exhale with wide eyes.
See you then!
"Jamie?" Dean said, almost breathlessly.
“That power knocked a few screws on a few cages loose, along with his own,” Meg continued. “Adam and Eve must have found a way to escape to the surface world after navigating all the wrecked passageways down here. We told you that we just found Adam Milligan wandering one day while performing maintenance. Whose to say those two didn’t slip by us?”
“I’ve had years to practice.” Castiel took another sip of his beer.
“Meg?” Titan appeared in the doorway in his human form, staring back at her with his stunning blue eyes and her stomach lurched for reasons other than morning sickness.
"Hey," Gabriel smirked. "It's all good. It is Christmas isn't it? The kid's just excited is all! As for what we brought you, well you're gonna like it."
“Dean,” Castiel warned with a sigh. “You don’t know what this entails. I would never ask anything of you during this time.”
"Should you be drinking that?" Dean asked, the first words he'd spoken in twenty minutes.
"Okay ghost of Christmas future," Dean said to Holly. "Why are you showing me things that are going to potentially scare the hell out of me?"
Castiel left as quickly as he had come, and Sam tried to ignore the energy leftover in the room long after he left and shove down the leftover questions the younger Winchester still had.
They left the park without another word, completely oblivious to the little boy that only Daniel could see, waving at him.
Claire fist bumped Dean before he walked away to join Sam in the car.
"I'll be there in a minute." Dean nodded, even though his brother couldn't see it and hung up the phone, pulling his boot up over his slightly swollen foot and making way for the bedroom door.
"Trust me dad," the driver said, the voice sounded familiar somehow. "I'm going to seriously reconsider the major I'm pursuing. The work load is hard. I'll call you when I get there. I love you and Papa."
"No," Claire shot back, not realizing her tone at first, but Dean let her continue. "I mean like, why is happiness fleeting sometimes?"
His disheveled dirty blonde hair. His blue eyes, dark circles heavily present underneath them. His tattoos. The only things marking him as anything even close to human, despite there always being a large divide.
Dean couldn’t help but notice the way Castiel looked at Jack, motherly and protective. It caused a little half smile to creep its way across the hunter’s face. A smile and a feeling that only intensified when Castiel’s eyes met his. The angel quickly looked away, almost seeming embarrassed for a reason Dean couldn’t identify.
"Just trust me Sam," Dean sighed, tuning the knob. "Not that song. Now let's see if we can't find us some good old rock and roll."
“Traces of him still remain in you.”
"Why?" Dean asked.
"But you're s'posed to say that," the girl sighed. "You're my daddy. You're s'posed to call me pretty even if you don't mean it…"
"I rather enjoyed it." Castiel replied in agreement.
Weariness often led to mistakes.
He prays. It’s sloppy, unscripted, and he’s definitely out of practice. He hopes he gets it exactly right, putting any leftover emotion he can muster without wavering on hope. Hope that someone will hear him.
"Yet," Castiel paused. "I am hopelessly and unequivocally in love with you."
“They will be in this state for a few days,” Cathalsis explained. “Since they are half human you may treat the symptoms as though this is human illness, but they will require bits of grace here and there. They will be weak and vulnerable. They will require much protection.”
“Pretty good huh?” Dean motions to the structure surrounding them and gives Castiel a tiny smirk. Sans Bobby and at least ten years in age, it’s the same as it ever was.
“She died a few months ago. Got her throat ripped out.”
Even if it was all temporary, Dean wanted it. All of it, until that time ended. He was grateful Sam had given him the final push. He was glad he’d overheard Jack and Clark’s conversation, basically mirroring his exact situation.
"As much as I hate to admit it," Castiel said, his eyes meeting Cathalsis' once again.
regret that choice. It saved you and your brother and the whole world from a lot of harm. That was my entire duty as an angel. If anything, I fulfilled my purpose.”
"I know you feel the same," Castiel continued. "I have seen hints of it over the years we've come to know one another. I have also heard that the human concept of telling people these things can be terrifying for a myriad of reasons, but you said it yourself Dean. Life doesn't get any easier for guys like you and Sam. There might as well be happiness along the way, or what is the point."
Voices from down the hall, surrounding the map table, filled his ears instead.
“Since when is anything ever just a coincidence with us.” Dean replied.
Dean had debated even bringing up the fact that Castiel had kissed him in order to heal him. There was a lingering feeling of fear that welled up in Dean’s chest at the thought of what it all meant. It wasn’t as though the act had had anything romantic leading up to it, it was simply Castiel trying to get his grace into Dean’s system as quickly as he possibly could.
Ron had already spent too much time in Hell away from Kevin in the past few months and he felt immensely guilty about it. The two had barely spent much time together outside of the mission and even the times when they’d shared a bed or each other had been few and far between. Kevin hadn’t openly complained, but heaviness still fell on Ron’s heart, and he could tell that the Prophet was just biding his time and biting his tongue.
"Isn't it though?" she replied.
The vampire spun around, pinning Sam to the wall.
Legacy? That was a lot to live up to, Dean thought. His legacy was certainly nothing to be proud of; if anything he hoped she took after Castiel and took most of his grace.
"Well I don't know how we're going to top that gift," Future Dean chuckled, still getting used to the thought of having an angelic talking dog on their hands. "But we can sure try."
Castiel’s eyes were blown wide. It was right there in front of him, the key to ending this cycle. The mate he’d been destined for since his creation. Other angels, with less cracks in their foundation, had perhaps found angels to be theirs. Castiel had always fancied himself as a bit of a rebel at heart. It had just taken a few times for the soldier-like façade to crumble.
“Yeah we can,” Daniel nodded, more excited than before. “I’m gonna be here ‘til tomorrow. Maybe we can play here tomorrow?”
“Would make sense,” Dean shrugged. “He’s pretty new to this world, probably picked up a few germs around town. Does he need anything?”
Castiel was immediately alert, watching the hunter turn towards him in bed.
“Well, I, for one, did not see this coming.” Crowley commented, blowing air from his cheeks while his eyes went wide.
“You can’t blame yourself,” Castiel placed his hand on Sam’s shoulder and looked him in the eyes. “We all know how stoic your brother can be.”
Castiel nodded, squeezing Balthazar’s vessel’s hand, and the eyes in his vessel glowed white once more.
"And you deserve to be with Cas." Sam nodded.
Dean felt his heart jump and skip a few beats.
"You really wanna fly sweetie?" Future Dean asked her and she nodded. She smiled even bigger when Future Dean lifted her up onto his shoulders in one swoop and started running off towards where he had parked the Impala. Future Dean and his daughter ran right past Dean and Holly and Dean could feel them almost as if they were ghosts running right through him. A shiver ran up his spine. Holly seemed unmoved. The scene faded they were standing at the house Future Dean had bought, outside the Impala was parked and Future Dean carried his daughter. She was asleep in his arms, her long hair cascading over Future Dean's shoulder and Future smiled down at her.
It never stopped him from gloating when necessary though.
Things were fine, right?
Titan replied. “
“They think it’ll work?” Adam asked.
Castiel turned to face Dean and the hunter felt a pull at his chest and a churning deep in his gut. Castiel’s tired blue eyes were filled with worry and Dean felt his hand closing tighter around his angel’s hand.
Sam waited, nodding towards Clark once the Nephilim had calmed down a bit more. Dean stared intently at the whole process. Jack’s voice had grown deeper, changed when he’d spoken moments earlier. It was as though something primal, something other, had taken over him.
“Yeah,” Terry spoke up, wanting to be included. He was always silenced more than revered.
“It’s the only idea I got,” Dean cocked his head, looking Sam in the eyes. “He made it strong enough to contain Lucifer, I’m sure it’s strong enough for the others too.”
"Do what?" Castiel asked.
It worked like a charm. Dean didn't say another word about the matter and Sam was free to freak out as he pleased. Dean didn't really have room to speak. He had basically started the initial argument they'd had, and it seemed as though there was still more on Sam's mind than he was telling.
And it would have been Hell trying to explain the tent in his pants for his best friend.
Crowley blew air out of his cheeks and widened his eyes at just the thought of two extra Winchesters roaming around.
Dean was transported to the house that he'd bought for him, Castiel, his brother and Gabriel. The downstairs light was on the living room and one was on upstairs. Dean and Holly entered through the front door and Dean looked over in the living room to see Sam, asleep on a ratty but comfortable looking couch. His hair was covering his closed eyes and once again in his hand that was falling off of the couch he held a book. Gabriel observed him and came closer, taking the book from him and placing it on the coffee table. Sam stirred and woke up.
Here you have it folks, chapter two. The creature has been revealed (at least what it looks like) and Dean is probably just as confused as all of you are. Once again, bear with me, things will get clearer as we go. More strangeness to come first though!
"Are you okay Dean?" Sam asked, he'd been asking that a lot.
“I wrote a new ending to the best story ever,” Chuck smirked. “I finally have it right where I want it, and I won’t let you and your ragtag gang of misfits ruin it. Not this time, Castiel.”
If there was even anything to tell, perhaps she was being paranoid.
Dean was shocked that no other hunters had come here yet. The whole complex was infested. Dead, emaciated, and drained bodies were scattered everywhere. Bones filled the water and Dean tried not to think of how many people could finally have closure if they dragged them all up. The houseboat was dingy and dark, the walls were covered in rust, and the floor looked as though somebody would need ten tetanus shots if they touched it.
Titan looked up at his girlfriend, taking in the sight of her, and sensing her fear and longing for him to answer her. To say something. Her hands started to shake, and she looked down, letting more tears fall.
“Dean,” Sam helped him to his feet. “You good? Let’s get out of here.”
The hunter took in Castiel, staring wide eyed and a bit stiff at the night sky, and Dean took the angel’s hand in his. Sam was transfixed, so he took that time to slowly bring Castiel’s hand to his lips and kiss it. It wasn’t the discomfort that overtook Dean any longer, it was more the fact that Sam wouldn’t have stopped teasing him for hours if he’d seen the small act of love.
“Duly noted,” Dean nodded and hit his chest one last time before clearing his throat and abandoning the water bottle. “Either way, we got jack squat on whatever the hell this thing is, but your little pal might know something. If you think you can wine and dine him just enough to get him to spill something, be my guest.”
"Your temperature has continued to increase." Castiel noted.
The moment he took that first step, he tumbled into nothingness.
Crowley continued to walk away, but Ron stayed. Stood there a moment and contemplated the King’s words.
When he returned to his front porch, he found a comforting presence waiting for him.
"I forbid it because you have no need to protect yourself from anything you'd need to use a gun for," Future Dean argued. "If someone broke in, you'd call your Papa. He'd take care of it."
"Dean!" Garth cried out, patting him on the shoulder and Dean gave a look of pain. "Oh, shit sorry! I forgot about why you're here. You holding up okay?"
There was nothing more shameful than a dirty little secret, and Dean’s biggest was himself.
“Your conclusion being?” Sam asked.
After Sam arrived due to old age, Dean tried to think positively about everything. Not that “Live, Laugh, Love” crap people plastered on their walls for an illusion of happiness, but something kind of like it. The brothers weren’t hunters anymore. Their time was done, and the next generation was to take over.
Dean swallowed hard. His dream. The hawk. Castiel. What if he didn't come back? An even worse scenario crossed through Dean's mind.
It was Sam. His fingers clung to a book that threatened to fall to the floor. His breaths came out small and quietly. Sam was clearly dreaming. His eyes moved rapidly behind his eyelids. Dean wanted to reach out and grab the book that was about to drop because he knew it would wake Sam up if it did. Someone beat him to the chase though.
(See the end of the chapter for
He pulled the amulet over her head and she held the charm in the palm of her hand. She smiled big and hugged Future Dean around the neck. Future Dean smiled big at her and Dean almost shivered from the happy energy he could feel in the room. Future Dean looked to Castiel.
Sam thought about the statement for a moment. He imagined the scenarios. A white picket fence. Three square meals a day. A dog. They'd have to get a dog. School projects. Field trips chaperoning. Eileen in a wedding dress. Eileen and him in a bed, in a house all their own. Eileen with him forever.
Deacon excused himself upon seeing Loretta calling him over to the food table. He placed a gentle kiss on Delilah’s forehead before walking off to help. Dean turned to look out at the yard again and watched Sam conversing with Jack near the tree line in the back. Probably regaling stories of the last time, they were in the city.
Dean closed his eyes. He knew what was coming next.
“I feel as though I am failing,” Castiel explained. “That I am failing the Council. That I am failing our family because we are still living in fear of Adam and Eve and what they’ve yet to do. Father hasn’t spoken to me since his return, nor since my appointment as Council Leader. It feels-.”
“I’m sure he’s just got a bug of some kind; I can handle it.”
Sam answered, sounding tired, but not annoyed anymore.
Dean gave him a look as he made a left turn and continued down another Louisiana back road.
Gabriel looked at Sam with quite the confused gaze. He stepped closer, leaning up against the counter.
Austin had informed him, knife in hand, and a victim’s body falling from his grasp. “
“No,” Lucifer shook his head, feeling strange telling the Winchesters what was up. “You two have done enough lately. You and your kids deserve one night. We can handle things this evening. Charlie is monitoring the area and any surrounding areas. We can fly to anything out of state.”
“You don’t mean?” Ron’s eyes widened in recognition of what Terry had admitted.
Sam was too distracted, muttering a prayer to Gabriel under his breath, and closing his eyes. Upon finally gaining his bearings, Dean tried to the same approach.
He'd just yet to feel fully okay.
Dean backed up slightly. He hadn't meant to offend her in any way. How was he to know she'd know about love? God knows where she'd seen it, hopefully she hadn't been exposed the same way Castiel had: the pizza man, but still. She stayed silent for a moment before beckoning Dean to follow her up the steps.
Castiel was about to reply, but Sam waved him off and asked if he would help him carry a few things instead. The angel complied, still keep an eye on Dean, which Dean did take notice of, as the hunter walked up the path to Garth's front door.
Sam started to open his mouth, looking fearful.
Not for long. He took off running out the motel room door.
“Can it!” Dean practically screamed and fired a round. Aiden barely flinched, only slightly leaning back once the bullet penetrated his shoulder. He looked down as though a speck of dirt or a rogue bug had simply hit him lightly enough to only tickle.
“Lucifer woke up first,” Meg explained, looking around at the mention of his name, as though the nothingness would come up from the ground and take her too.
Daniel’s dreams had gotten worse leading up to the next growth spurt. Dreams of the same field, the same tree, and the same man and boy (whom he’d now learned were the same person) beckoning him to come back, despite warnings from his family to stay away. Titan and his fellow Angelhounds had even found Daniel sleepwalking one night, towards the direction of the field, but had redirected him back home before anything had come of it.
The cop walked off, holding his hands up to shield the crowd that had now formed from viewing the carnage. Adam continued to discreetly scan the body for EMF but came up with nothing. He shook his head at the others, and they concluded there was nothing else to be done at the scene. They’d already texted Sam and Dean, requesting they all meet up for lunch after at a local diner to discuss their findings. Hopefully the other two Winchester brothers had discovered more than their trio.
“Not this time,” Jack shook his head, admiring the work laid out for him all around. There were problems to fix. Wrongs to right. New stories to create.
"How'd you know you were…you know." Dean swallowed hard.
“It was a Baku,” Sam explained. “They-.”
It was like magic. Those words tumbled through Sam like a waterfall. He felt a surge of emotions he hadn't felt since Jess. Someone actually cared for him. Someone wouldn't leave. He'd even said it, that he wouldn't. Sam could hardly keep his eyes dry after that. He didn't look Gabriel in the eyes. He couldn't for fear he'd truly lose himself. Not that he minded losing himself in the archangel's eyes. Over the past months after the whole Metatron debacle after the archangel had announced his rebirth to the Winchesters and Gabriel had started helping them, Sam had found that he could easily lose track of time talking to the sweets loving prankster. It felt strange to actually be listened to. Gabriel's eyes were like the sunsets he'd loved as a child; his voice was like the voice of reason mixed with honey. It was the nicest and strangest combination Sam had ever heard in his lifetime. His ears were open, always. He was a friend, a home for Sam's deepest fears and wishes. He was everything Sam had always wanted, needed.
"Ever stop to ask Baby what it thinks?" his daughter asked.
He then looked over to the side of him and realized reality was cracking again. He was barely able to get up from his seat before the area crumbled and he was faced with the next bit of his future.
"As you already have learned," Castiel held his hand up towards Dean's injured shoulder and arm. "This will hurt just a little."
by Peter Gabriel.
Jack snapped his fingers, the people returned, and the book closed shut, never to be edited again. Sam’s phone buzzed with missed calls and text messages. He felt his breath hitch at the sight of Eileen’s words, even if they were that of confusion.
"Yes," Future Dean nodded and Castiel squeezed his hand and kissed his cheek before walking off to where Daniel was waiting. Future Dean stayed a few more moments. "You'd be proud of your brother. He's getting straight A's in school. Your Papa is serving Heaven well and so are you I'm sure. Uncle Sammy and Uncle Gabe have a son now. He's five. You'd love him. He's perfect. I miss you every day princess, but I know you're not in pain. You're watching over me just like my mom said. She'd always said that angels would watch over me every day…"
Dean gripped the steering wheel hard and pressed on the gas.
Or so Dean had argued during the last fight they'd had.
“Nothing new to report,” Anorath explained. “The scouts should be returning soon for the evening, but I do have a request for your…our presence down under.”
Dean was taken aback. He stared at Sam as though he had three heads.
"Does he know that you know?" Eileen asked.
Castiel answered.
“I take it, you’re well.” Castiel said, whining ever so slightly and trying to hide it from Dean.
“Save it,” Crowley held up a hand. “Clearly you’re not lying, or you’d be six foot under at the hands of Moose and Squirrel already.”
“And you, Mr. Business Only, allowed this?” Crowley chuckled.
He’d told Sam everything. It had felt good to spill his guts. He told him about the guy he saw him with that night when he was eighteen. He told Sam about a man named Jamie Bower from a little town called Arrowsmith and how that had, unfortunately, gone up in smoke and heated spoons. He told his brother about Lee, about Benny, and about so many others who had caught his eye, but he’d never done anything with.
The Garden of Eden was hardly anything to write home about any longer. Most of the plants had either shriveled up and died or were well on their way. What was once a seemingly long beautiful walk to the other parts of Heaven, the parts the souls were kept in, was now a short tearful one. Castiel and Cathalsis sat upon an iron bench, often used by the gatekeeper to the garden to keep watch.
Ezra could tell Adam was trying to make a joke, but it fell short. He could feel the embarrassment, the shame coming off of the human in waves. The mental torture Adam had undergone would have been enough to kill any ordinary man.
“You’re going to have to find out one day,” Michael joked, rubbing Adam’s shoulders as the pair stared at the white envelope.
Dean realized this was one of those cinematic moments where the main character has to make a choice that changes things forever. Albeit a small one, but still one of those moments. Dean blew air out of his cheeks and started to remove his articles of clothing one by one until he was down to his boxers. There was no way he was going commando in front of Castiel.
Most importantly, none of the spells had the full array of side effects Dean had experienced earlier in the Impala.
"For now," the girl commented in a soft voice and held onto the chains connecting the swings to the set. "You've got time. Welcome to the future Dean. More specifically yours, if you want it to be."
“You killed your own sibling?” Castiel asked, still holding his blade, but with a limp wrist. “Why?”
"Dean," Holly explained, placing a hand on Dean's shoulder. "Gabriel will prove his loyalty to you in the near future. Hasn't he already mostly proven it now? When are you ever going to trust Sam's instincts and let him go?"
Dean felt his heart sink and reached for another beer.
Dean’s head was still throbbing by the time he left the hospital.
It puzzled Castiel. It also made him exceedingly nervous.
Her words were harsh, but Dean wouldn't have expected any less from an angel who probably didn't get out much. They were all sort of robots up there in Heaven. Dean swallowed hard, feeling her eyes staring him down even after he turned around. He could leave right now, walk until he ran out of street, until the wind carried him away, but he realized there was no easy escape from where he was now. That witch had put him here for some reason and he had no way out. He turned around.
“Christo!” Sam yelled out from down the alley and the trio jerked their heads, growling as their eyes turned black.
Castiel crosses more of the threshold. Dean tries not to choke on his own breath.
Hunt after hunt had passed and Dean still felt hollow inside. The future loomed over his head like a weather balloon, ready to pop. Try as he might, he couldn't picture anything without seeing Holly dying. The car crash replaying in his mind like a bad horror movie. He seemed to pass the days now in a haze. Sam hadn't noticed too much, he'd chalked it up to Dean recovering from being in an almost four week coma. Castiel and Gabriel had been joining them on hunts on and off. The two angels had duties to attend to in Heaven.
Kenny Loggins' voice came to life through the CD player's speakers and Future Dean stood still, hoping his daughter would follow suit. She did. She cocked her head slightly and started to step slowly in time with Future Dean. Future Dean was a bit bent over so that he could reach her hands, but other than that the two seemed perfectly content. Soon though, his daughter started to lose time and she stumbled over Future Dean's big hunting boots. Future Dean caught her by the arm, but she sighed and looked up at him, teary eyed.
The Hellboy finally loosened his shoulders, and sighed.
"Ah the appointment," Dean looked at the angel, he was a bit younger looking than Castiel or rather his vessel was, he had short brown hair and paler skin. His eyes were hazel. He smiled at Dean's future daughter. "You grew up beautifully my dear. You probably don't remember me, but it was me who birthed you up here. Annahita would be so proud of her work."
Reviews are appreciated!
“I think you’ve more than redeemed yourself over the years,” Delilah said, taking Deacon’s arm and leaning into him.
The words coming out of the creature’s mouth overshadowed the scene behind Dean and it slowly faded away as quickly as it came on. The words the strange amalgamation spoke were jumbled, but still came out in Dean’s native tongue. Yet, he heard the truth behind them. The accent and the cadence of them. It was that of Asian descent.
Tess went to chase after him, but Austin stopped her with a death grip on her arm.
"Hello there Sammy boy," Gabriel exclaimed from the kitchen over a radio playing a very familiar tune. "How was the run?"
The last place Dean ended up was where he'd hoped he wouldn't. The graveyard. But the aura this time was different. It was less pain, less anguish, the air was filled with something more like…acceptance? Dean looked over at where Holly's gravestone stood. There were four figures huddled around it. Three human, one dog. Castiel, Daniel, Future Dean and Titan. The flowers on the grave were fresh and their son's old stuffed animal was amazingly still hanging in there. It hadn't disintegrated yet. Daniel had Titan by his side; the Angelhound nuzzled his leg and licked his hand. Daniel looked down at him and gave a small smile before walking off and away from the grave. Titan followed him like a hawk. Castiel stood with Future Dean, hand in hand. They looked at the carving of her name on the stone and the dates of when she was born and when she'd died. Dean was silently grateful they didn't put how people died on their graves.
Read and Review!
“Forgive me, for feeling a bit bitter about the whole situation,” Castiel glared. “It’s no help that you, this entire time, have been acting like nothing short of an ass!”
“A pathetic little story made you into what you are to this day,” Chuck replied. “A story made everything you have in your life possible. So, don’t. Or I could take it all away just like that.”
Castiel quickly exited the vehicle and Dean shifted in his seat ever so slightly, before finally getting out, having almost fully digested the angel’s words. He followed Castiel into the convenience store, feeling as though his feet were made of lead the moment he stepped through the door.
“That pet angel of yours is simply adorable, Milligan.” Crowley commented as he appeared in a puff of smoke between Daniel and Sarah and handed each of them an orange plastic pumpkin that he conjured up from thin air.
“Precisely,” Crowley said. “I’ll see the lot of you tonight. We’ll talk more then.”
"Has that ever stopped you before?" she asked.
But he hadn’t because he couldn’t. Dean wasn’t his kid and if he had done anything to go against John, he’d have never seen either of the boys ever again.
“Not funny, Sammy!” he exclaimed as the brothers took off in the direction of home.
It had been so much more that time. So much more than when Castiel had addressed all of the Winchesters. Dean knew it. Hell, he was sure even Death had heard that one and laughed at their ridiculousness.
"So you're like a succubus?" Dean inquired. "What with the dream travel and all that, but no sexual stuff. Just omens and oracles?"
"I'm gonna miss ya Sammy," Future Dean hugged his younger brother and held him tight for a moment. "We gotta stop splitting up like this man."
"You," Dean threw his arms around Castiel, pulling him in for a tight hug. "How hard it is to resist telling you the biggest thing I've been hiding."
"Thank you Cathalsis," Castiel replied, helping his daughter up from the bed. "Maybe Daniel will exhibit my angelic abilities."
"I'll be sure to tell multimillionaire artist Phil Collins that you think his music is for babies," Sam replied snarky and parked the car once they had arrived.
“Cas,” Dean rolled his eyes. “The…clothes.”
“I think I found my information source.” Dean stood from the chair and begun to walk over to her. Sam kept his comments to himself.
The world around Castiel was dark black and never-ending.
“I don’t know how to tell you this,” Meg replied. “But the reason you’re feeling that energy is because I’m pregnant. We’re going to be parents, Titan.”
Sam nodded, dressing the wound after adding some medicinal cream to it. Both brothers turned to look at the sound of the infirmary’s door opening and closing rapidly and both angels stood at its entrance, looking down at the trio.
"Sorry," Dean said. "We can go now. I just…when dad and I were here for weeks that one time, I made a friend. We used to hang out at this bar."
“Doesn’t mean you can’t practice,” Eve replied, getting up from her seat at the dining table in the motel room and striding over to the bed, where she plopped down and grabbed the TV remote from the side table.
"Back at you," Garth winked at Dean and walked off to join Bess at the back porch, where the family and friends had started to gather. Bess tapped at a microphone and handed it to Garth.
"Something I'd hoped you'd never find out about." Future Dean was getting sick of discussing it, Dean could tell.
“Cas you don’t need to apologize,” Dean said, placing his hand on the angel’s shoulder. “God knows I-.”
Flashes of grace and power shot down the linoleum walkways and Gabriel a came a second later, flying above the creatures, and zapping them. They cried out in pain and dissipated, but not for long each time.
Eileen started the shower, leaving Sam to contemplate her words.
“Shifters?” Sam suggested. “That would explain the ability to hide well.”
Bobby wouldn’t have had it any other way.
"And if you spend no time whatsoever on the details," Holly defended her point, looking Dean in the eyes. "You always miss something."
“Because I care, alright!” Dean exclaimed. “I never thought I’d ever say it out loud, but I freakin’ care about Cas!”
“That doesn’t scream suspicious to you?” Dean finished, looking Castiel straight in the eyes, and trying his hardest not to stare too long once again. The elder Winchester reached for a bottle of water nearby and started to drink.
“There’s a strange magic in being forgiven by the Man who made everything,” Lucifer continued. “Father knows where he is now, no pun intended. In fact, he’s gone strangely radio silent since this whole thing began, but that seems to bother Castiel more than me.”
Sam stared long and hard at him for a moment, realizing the tone in Dean's voice, and the way of his words. If there was one thing Sam hated more than anything else, it was being spoken to by anyone the same way his dad had spoken to him.
"If you want to see the results of this," Holly came up behind him. "Come with me."
“Something I fear I can never have, and I have made my peace with that.” Castiel begun to pocket his hands.
Read and Review!
Dean had wheedled it out of Sam that Castiel was currently in town but giving the residents of the bunker some space while they pieced everything back together. Part of Dean wanted to feel angry about the abandonment, but another part understood.
"Time of death," the ambulance driver said. "12:34am."
"What is it exactly that you don't do as much anymore?" his daughter questioned him, crossing her arms.
Daniel looked over at Dean, hurt clawing like a caged animal from behind his rib cage.
Sam nodded, waiting for Lucifer to continue. Chaya let out a deep sigh in her sleep and Lucifer petted behind her ear as he finished speaking.
"I can agree with that ten times over," Future Dean replied, turning back towards her. He'd turned his back to her to leave, but after her last reply he found himself unable to. "Is it too late to ask Annahita for a refund?"
-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-
“I never thought I’d say it,” Dean managed to speak. “But the angels…they’re falling…again.”
Bobby took John’s fist in his palm, squeezed it, and twisted his arm until John cried out and fell to the ground. John’s flask hit the dirt and let out a loose cloud into the air. Bobby cast a glance at it and how the lid was open, but barely anything spilled out.
Reviews are appreciated!
The man quickly let a familiar looking silver blade fall into his hand from seemingly nowhere, and in such a way that Dean had studied and seen what felt like a thousand times before.
Dean quickly changed the station. Sam gave him a signature bitch face.
This seemed to be the only exception Dean had seen thus far.
Dean cringed. Castiel wasn't wrong, it was just so hard hearing it.
“Right.” Dean concluded and nodded, before sitting back down on the edge one of the motel beds. A few moments of silence passed between them as Sam unpacked the food and tossed Dean his burger.
“For now,” Castiel reminded him. “Don’t discount Heaven, what’s left of it that is. We put it back together with our own bare hands. We did the same for Hell. We’ll do the same for the Earth, for our family.”
Titan sighed heavily and considered letting out a growl upon hearing Tojo on angel radio in his head, kissed Meg on the forehead, and got out of her bed, naked as the day God made him.
Castiel’s eyes went wide at the sight of Dean climbing further into his bed and nudging him to move over. The angel obliged, feeling awkward due to the situation. Wordlessly, Dean settled into the pillow and closed his own eyes.
The bruises his less than human body had sustained were already beginning to heal and his broken leg had mended itself fifteen minutes prior. The driver, Austin Reynolds, was still passed out. His head lolled to the side and a few bones sticking out from where they shouldn’t have been and cuts leaking blood, but they were already on the way to healing themselves. Tess Myers, she laughed in the backseat, still feeling the high from what they’d just done. Terry Benson, the youngest of the four, excitedly bounced in what was left of the seat behind Ron.
Earth’s greatest heroes. Reduced to nothing more than ash and a pile of bones in the end. Dean viewed it as anticlimactic from the start, but obviously there was no way for him to protest it. After all, he was dead for real this time. No coming back from this one.
"Morning boys," Jody called out from the kitchen. "There are pancakes on a plate near the stove! Coffee is hot! I gotta head to the station, but I'll be back tonight for dinner."
"Real graceful sweetheart," Dean said after he swallowed. "Well if you want to appear human that's the way to do it."
There wouldn’t be any point in monster hunting if their trusty ride weren’t in the best shape of its life.
"About two of those things," Sam said. "Yes. About Cas? No."
The world spun again, and Dean found himself outside of the never-ending darkness once more. The cracking glass-like aura had vanished, and the spider was gone as quickly as he’d imagined.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam texted.
Dean felt immense pain once he hit the black nothingness. It was as though there was a clear floor underneath him. He poked and prodded at it and it rippled with every movement, much like a stone cast into a lake.
Charlie gulped down her third energy drink of the night and clicked away on her keyboard, checking cameras and monitoring police scanners. Charlie stopped sipping upon hearing a slurping sound nearby and she slowly turned her head to see Balthazar drinking his own version of her drink.
“The Bible pegs you as a doting idiot.” Eve remarked, leaning her head onto Adam’s shoulder, and continuing to watch the local news.
“This is the first time I’ve seen you terrified of a Winchester.” Cathalsis chuckled.
John knew. John knew and that was why he’d done this.
"It doesn't matter," she stood up straight and walked closer to him. "We have other things to see."
Dean gritted his teeth, grabbing at his nearly shredded arm, and stumbling over towards the dingy motel sink. The iron-like smell of blood hung fresh in the air and Dean nearly gagged because of it. Flashbacks of the latest hunt came to him in waves, his stomach flipped, but he managed to keep it together long enough to thrust his arm up under cold water and though the stinging came first, the ice cold water eventually started to numb him.
“I knew things were crazy back at the station that day,” Clark continued. “But I never would have guessed this. I mean, angels? Isn’t the Bible supposed to be a load of crap?”
The Seraph and the Archangel faced one another in the hall.
-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-
"Fine," Sam spun around, gritting his teeth. "Maybe I am afraid! Maybe I'm afraid because everyone I've ever…cared about died! Everyone has, even if they came back they still left me!"
There wasn’t a sound around. Just the sound of Dean’s heartbeat again, moving steady, as he’d taught himself over the years.
"You're welcome princess," Future Dean responded. "Why didn't you tell me you were gonna fall? You scared me half to death."
Dean tried to remember what he liked. What turned him on and drove him wild. He knew every guy was different, but his frame of reference was slim. He had spent half of his life hiding from these so-called wrong feelings that had been drilled into his mind as wrong for so long.
“I’ve been doing research,” the younger Winchester shut the book lying on the table in front of him and delivered his signature line.
Before either Dean or Sam could say anything, the angel took off in a flap of wings, and the air in the car felt heavier than before. Sam blew air out of his cheeks and Dean gripped the steering wheel as tight as humanly possible. The weight of the wall piece in his pocket only adding to his feelings of guilt.
“I wish it were a record,” Dean admitted, pulling Castiel close to him to dance. “But we can’t have it all.”
"If I may be bold," Dean knew it had to be the whiskey. It had all hit at once. That was it.
“The Empty didn’t like his attitude,” Meg replied. “So, it ate him.”
“Yeah,” Clark nodded and chuckled, looking down quickly and then back up at Jack. “It was…magical. I honestly wouldn’t mind if it-.”
Dinner was nothing less than fantastic and, much to both Dean and Sam's delight, Jody and the girls kept the conversation mostly on themselves. Alex mentioned her schooling and how close she was to being done with community college. Patience was off visiting family. Jody had been given yet another raise and was looking to retire at the end of the year. Claire bragged about her hunting and the cases she'd successfully solved.
Dean sat up, rubbing at his face with his hands and then got out of bed, shrugging on his strewn about underwear and a pair of pajama pants he’d found on the floor of his bedroom.
"I figured we should start a few years after you bought the house," Holly came in from behind and Dean spun to face her. "It's been about ten year's time in your future since then. You and Castiel are very happy together, but there's one thing you guys have been discussing for those last few ten years. Kids."
“I’m gonna grab some food,” Sam said, rather quietly, as he pulled on a jacket and headed towards the motel door. “Any requests?”
Daniel was alone in the main room, taking in the sight of the stone walls, and the giant spiraling black staircase behind him. It was wicked, how the shyness and quiet still creeped in, whilst surrounded by his family.
He still saw the kids. Screaming and begging for help and mercy.
“You keep doing that, and I’m not going to last.”
The ghost turned its head and Sam motioned for Castiel to continue with what he'd planned to do. Castiel lifted his hand to the doll preparing to smite it in a fiery flame, but the ghost girl had other plans. She came at Castiel, shrieking again, and stuck her arm right through him. Castiel yelped, gasped in pain and doubled over. Blood poured from the wound in his chest and he fell to the ground in a heap.
An angry looking Dean walked out of the motel room door slammed it behind him.
“I must go.” Castiel stated and abruptly got up from the bed, leaving the room without a second glance back.
Before Austin could comprehend what was happening, Ron dropped from up above, and latched his legs and arms onto Austin’s shoulders. The pair jerked, Austin thrashed, and Ron ground his teeth and tried his best to hold on.
"Things really have changed since the last time I was here." Dean swallowed hard.
"Here's your food dears," the waitress set their burgers down. "Enjoy."
“So, like you and Castiel?” Jack rationalized.
Future Dean hugged his daughter and kissed her forehead, handing her a slightly worn Winnie the Pooh doll that she graciously squeezed and nestled underneath her chin. Dean barely had enough time to see Castiel come along before Holly dragged him off. The last thing he saw was Castiel entering the room and a swirly cursive H hanging on the door of the room before he was whisked away to the next future event.
"Looks like me currently," Jay whistled. "You've got good taste."
“What the hell?” Sam breathed out as he looked out the windshield in pure shock.
“I have something I should tell you too dad.” Daniel mentioned, feeling his words start to die in his throat, but he swallowed the fear.
He supposed it had been due to the bloodlust, welling up deep inside him, and threatening to kick down the doors of his mind any day now. It had been months since the last time he’d indulged the monster inside and he could feel the itch building and increasing every day he existed on the Earthen plane. It was becoming increasingly harder to be around his human counterparts. The people he considered his true family.
Eileen lay naked under the sheets next to him, staring lovingly. Sam ran a hand through his hair and gave her a childish grin. Streets lights leaked through the motel window onto the plain tan sheets they were under and the sound of passing cars in the distance added a nice reliable echo to the quiet.
"I can't," Dean shook his head and turned away from her, he couldn't look at her. It made him hurt deep inside. "I can't accept that Holly. You're my daughter. You're supposed to outlive me. Not the other way around."
"I see you haven't lost your appetite yet." Sam commented quietly from the table, as he uncomfortably shifted in his seat.
"Wait," she asked. "As in the Heaven? Like where people go when they die?"
He took it as good sign. It wasn’t something that happened often.
It didn’t take long for the angel to come thudding back down to earth and leave a rather sizeable imprint in the dirt. Adam ran over to him, taking him by the arm, and looking down at the disoriented angel.
"Nothing worth doing is easy," Sam looked over at Dean. "I know you're scared, Dean. I know dad messed us up in a lot of ways, but I'm your brother. You can tell me anything and I'll love you no matter what."
Girls twisted around the poles, spinning, and shaking everything they had in skimpy little outfits, and normally, Dean would have been filled with glee.
See y’all then!
But then, there wasn’t time, because the kid suddenly had an inkling that he felt something, and the brothers were in the car once again.
“You feel guilty about something,” Crowley concluded. “Something related to your son.”
Another familiar voice and Castiel turned to look. His heart skipped a beat.
"You said my soul was an ocean," Dean explained. "I want you to be the biggest drop of all in it. All my life, there have been so many that filled that place, but they weren't like you, Cas. None of them will ever be you."
“You know it has to be done.”
“Oh yes,” Eve chuckled. He wasn’t wrong. “Many places to be indeed.”
Dean Winchester smiled and stood from the bench seat.
“What in the Hell are you?” Dean asked.
Read and Review!
Dean punched the power button hard and stopped George Michael from singing another word. Castiel looked over at the exasperated hunter, but quickly returned his gaze to the outside world as Dean tried to gather his composure and pull out of the parking lot and drive back towards the motel.
Much better than any crappy motel room or even the bunker.
"Just testing it," Gabriel smirked back at him. "I like the way it sounds."
“Damn it…” Castiel cursed and stomped away from the body. He rubbed at his temples and glared up at the sky.
"Thank…well somebody other than Chuck," Dean commented as they drove down the winding road leading to Garth's farmhouse. "I was afraid I'd lose my mind listening to your sissy music for one more second."
"No," Sam asked. "Why are you still here, talking to me, and taking care of me?"
“It’s a little more involved than that,” Sam started. “But yes, basically that’s a part of the physical symptoms that he wasn’t expecting.”
"Monsters?" she asked.
Dean shook his head, trying to clear away any lingering impure thoughts. Thoughts of Castiel laid out on a bed before him. Dean undressing him with his eyes, then undressing him with his hands. His lips meeting the angel’s. His lips meeting other places.
Yet, Dean could feel the gloomy absence in the house other than just them.
"We haven't spoken for a while," Cathalsis, the official Healer of Heaven, came forward, his vessel's vibrant eyes hidden behind glasses that belonged to the man he'd possessed. His medic robes hugged his body.
“You know,” Charlie remarked. “I think the last time I was here, that little boy was in you. You and Dean were so scared, but now it’s nice to see you both smile.”
Castiel stared down at the map of the world that lay before him.
"You know I'm getting real tired of following you around like a lost puppy…" Dean grumbled.
Tojo bowed his head.
See y’all in the next chapter!
“I think I can manage,” Adam nodded. “It’s getting dark anyway. I’ll bring them home soon.”
Perhaps, the strange creature that kept appearing was it. The thing holding him hostage, but he hadn’t the faintest idea what it was or how to stop it.
Dean was about to counteract her point, but the speedy waitress came back with a tray holding two fat and juicy cheeseburgers. Dean was a bit surprised at Holly's choice, but he figured angels never really got their hands on a good burger in Heaven so he didn't question it too much. He picked up the burger and took a huge bite out of it. Holly followed suit. They both wiped their chins as burger juice dripped down.
“Damn right He will,” Dean pulled Castiel close, ran his fingers through the angel’s hair, and the hunter’s hand came to rest and cup the angel’s cheek.
Dean blinked a few times at the new scene.
Well, I know I left that kind of open ended, but I wanted to go with something simple this time around. This fic kind of derailed from its original vision, but I’m still satisfied with how I did it.
Dean tries not to let his words run away, like frightened animals in the night, caught in the headlight beams of an incoming car.
“Nicely done,” he commented. “I think that internet education is finally paying off.”
Dean smiled back at her. He watched her eyes start to light up when they were talking about things other than Dean's future, but just as fast as they'd done so they dulled again. Dean could tell she was thinking about something when they did. Something she desired a lot less than hamburgers. The tired radio blared on the same song it had the past two times in the background behind them and the buzz of words coming from the mouths of strangers became a blur.
“They’re about ten in human years now,” Gabriel concluded. “The next big jump should have them in their teen years, but that most likely will not come for a little while longer.”
The Impala merged onto the highway the moment the bulldozer brought the last wall down.
Dean knew everything about this man.
"He already gave his opinion on how stupid and reckless I am for wanting something like this," Sam said. "I understand that the world is on the brink of ending once again, but maybe that means we need to try as best we can, but also find some time to be happy for once in our damn lives."
Cathalsis was right. His heat would not stop until he either satiated it or died, and one of those things was far less likely to happen anytime soon.
"One room, two beds." Dean started to say to the bleach blonde woman with the electric red lipstick smeared across her lips at the front counter of The Sleepy Nook Inn. Castiel stood, admiring various tourist locations miles from where they were posted on the cork board on the wall.
The sound of a demon grunting when Ron pushed the creature into the wall behind the two of them was music to the young man’s ears.
“I love you too.”
The creature giggled, much like a child, and Dean felt his skin prickle and his stomach flip. It then vanished before his eyes and the place he’d once been standing no longer was.
Although, suddenly, there was a feeling. An unmatched energy in the room that caused a hush to fall upon the entire bunker. All of the hunters silenced themselves. All of the beer paused its consumption.
Warning: Smut. That is all.
Dean stood and looked around him. Where were Castiel and Sam? They weren't anywhere to be seen. It was as if they speaking from up above him. But that was impossible…wait, maybe it wasn't? Sam's words ran through his mind again. He remembered what had happened. They'd been fighting a witch. Some nasty bitch with a heart of ice. She'd slammed Dean into the wall with a twist of her wrist and almost knocked him out cold, he remembered her chanting something and this white hot light shrouding him, and then all was peaceful like it was now. It wasn't the kind of peaceful Dean wanted though, this kind of peaceful was somehow scary.
"C'mon kiddo," Titan exclaimed. "You can do it!"
“I’m sorry,” Dean began. “I’m sorry I’ve been a shitty dad to you.”
"Son of a bitch," Dean muttered. "Where am I?"
What was another, what seemed like, a hundred thousand years?
He’d poured over every entry of lore surrounding Adam and Eve, even taking in what he knew from personal interactions with the pair, but nothing came to mind or was in the texts regarding how to stop them. The first time the duo had had to be stopped, the Warriors had cornered them, but it had been the archangels and God who had delivered the final blow and locked them away.
The streets of Arrowsmith were silent. The place was practically a ghost town. Only a few people remained in every other house. Old cars with weeds growing out of them adorned driveways and children screamed and played with half inflated balls and broken-down toys in the overgrown yards. An older man gave the car a silent wave from his rotting couch on his front porch as they passed.
It seemed to be the pattern. Although, Dean had noticed this time that the memories of his own had become fewer and further between. As though something else was picking and choosing. Something beyond his own control.
The creature appeared again, and Dean’s eyes widened upon seeing it. He considered tackling it and trying to get it right where he wanted it, but something paralyzed him once more. His feet felt as though they’d suddenly been filled with lead and he felt a cold shiver go down the full length of his spine.
Adam tore open the letter and read it over. He gasped, covering his mouth with his hand, and held back tears. He passed the letter to Michael, who read it over and immediately swept Adam up into a giant hug. The pair excitedly danced around the kitchen with Katherine at their heels.
“We of the Ashina, when we do not feed on a physical form,” Aiden cocked his head to match the angel’s expression. “We tend to have a weakness of the flesh to gain closer access to a soul.”
Dean allowed himself to be guided by the angel, who started to lead him out of the house. Dean glanced back at Future him and Castiel. Future Dean had Castiel's hands in his and the pair was staring into each other's eyes, smiling at one another. Their faces moved as close as they could, just as Dean was forced to leave the house and the scenery changed once again.
"Any other compliments you want to pay me this evening?" the man smirked and let out a beautiful laugh.
“Thanks kiddo,” Oliver ruffled Charlie’s hair and walked to the front door, watching his children run off back to their swing set.
-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-
"C'mere kid." Dean laughed and pulled her into a hug, giving her a noogie and Claire waved his hand away playfully. Sam announced he was taking a shower and walked to the room he usually claimed when they stayed at Jody's, shutting the door behind him. Jody stared and Claire raised an eyebrow.
“A little warning next time before an unwarranted takeoff!” Adam remarked.
See you in the next chapter!
"What about Chuck," Dean shook his head. "What about the hunts and the chance we might all just…"
“You can say that again,” Sam said, looking down at his pocket once it buzzed. “Sorry, I told Eileen to call if she needed anything.”
So, why had he allowed himself to yell at Sam?
Sarah took off running through the hordes of kids surrounding both Nephilim. Daniel suddenly felt cramped, as though a giant wall of fish had swallowed him and made him one of their own. His dad and Papa were busy talking to his Uncle Sam and Uncle Gabriel in the cul-de-sac, not paying too much close attention to the duo as they went from house to house. The other children of Lebanon chatted with one another down the sidewalk, acting as though Daniel didn’t exist as they pushed past him.
“So,” Sam remarked with a teasing tone and a playful smirk. “Are we going to talk about it?”
The song filled the air, the lyrics only familiar to Dean once he listened, and he snorted.
Ron and Kevin stood, side by side, weapons down by their legs to avoid strange looks from passersby. Balthazar, Titan, and Lucifer all stood in a line. Titan quickly shifted into his hound form, looking up at his former master beside him. The angel nodded back. Adam and Ezra were closest to the car. The young man absentmindedly twitching his fingers, and Ezra placed a gentle hand upon his shoulder. Crowley twirled a knife around in his hand, not caring who saw. Though there were a few absent from their party, the group still looked like a force to be reckoned with.
Adam swallowed a hard lump in his throat. This was his dream school. The one that would take him from nurse to surgeon and beyond. The one that would allow him to not only fulfill a lifelong dream but make way for a better future for his family.
“Hey,” Sarah said, rather quietly, and shut the door behind her.
The demon then vanished into nothingness as Hades stole his life and essence and collected it in the palm of his hand. He then placed it in a small orb he had contained in his pocket. The contents of the orb were black and smoky. Other demon essences.
“Daniel is no longer in the bunker,” Titan explained, his eyes lighting up with power as he got up from the bed. “He isn’t in danger, but I can’t sense him here. Nor Sarah.”
“Looks like a vampire bite,” Sam remarked. “He hasn’t turned yet. Maybe it wasn’t deep enough?”
"We're but tiny drops in a giant bowl of water and dirt for such a short time," Jamie quoted, Dean assumed from his facility. Dean felt lips on his cheek and Jamie smiled when the green-eyed hunter met his gaze.
It figured. Her name left a sour taste in Dean’s mouth, especially with the way it had fallen off Castiel’s lips as though it belonged there all along.
His words lied. Ever since Father had closed his door on all the angels, despite having supposedly returned for them, and ever since the two oldest scourges of the Earth had returned topside, Castiel didn’t know what to believe anymore.
“May I sit?” Lucifer asked.
The little boy seemed unsure, but he climbed up anyway and stood at the top of the slide. He sat down, but refused to slide down. Dean blinked a few times after watching it, but he watched as a white mist enshrouded Titan and he turned into a human before Dean's eyes.
“Besides, you have never seen my angelic visage,” Castiel continues, hands in the pockets of his pants underneath the iconic trench coat. “How would you know what to create?”
Everybody stay safe and well!
Castiel swallowed a lump in his throat and looked over at Dean.
“I’m sure he’s just tired, Sam.” Dean replied.
Read and Review!
“In the time that I have known you,” Castiel said. “And Sam, you have shown me many great things. Many forces and powers I would never have seen had I not come to Earth. Yet, there is something I have not been shown, and I fear I never will.”
(See the end of the chapter for
What had started as an innocent enough haunted house adventure between him, Kevin, Adam, and Ezra had turned into a literal nightmare in a matter of seconds.
Ron nodded, grateful, but feeling slightly guilty at the lie. He hesitated a moment, feeling out the angels in the room for any sign they could sense what he was truly up to. Ron could usually hide his emotions and thoughts well, but this whole thing had thrown him into a whirlwind.
“Surprised I’ve never seen your kind before now.” Jody commented.
Castiel smiled when he saw Future Dean's smile widen.
Dean jumped, realizing Castiel now stood in the room. The angel had been gone for over forty-eight hours, not that Dean was admitting to counting, and he'd begun to wonder if Castiel would even come back at all after what had happened.
"Castiel," Castiel shook back, still a bit confused by Garth's peppiness. Either that or it was his introduction about himself. "Angel and…that's really about it."
There had to be something more to this.
Daniel. So that was his son's name? Dean felt this sense of something he couldn't explain wash over him. He'd always wanted a son; much less he'd always wanted to name a son Daniel. He was excited and delighted his wish came true in the future.
“Okay Dean,” Castiel nodded. “I believe you.”
In Dean's personal favorite he and his daughter were dancing. The tune wasn't familiar to him at first, but then he realized that he did indeed know the vocalist.
-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-
Dean gave a bold smile to his son. He felt that phantom pain in his chest from the blade. He felt the tug of the sadness rising from having missed so many big moments in his child’s life because of Heaven or Hell or monsters.
If anyone knew the truth, Daniel would be locked up for the rest of his life in the bunker, never seeing the light of day and his resentment and anger towards his family, who surely already viewed him as a freak, would most definitely grow.
Then he remembered Sam and Castiel's faces when he'd awoken after his lake dive and his heart sank to his stomach. He had heard Castiel come into the room again several times after Dean had finally fallen back asleep, but the angel hadn't so much as done more than touched Dean forehead a few times to ease aches and pains and then left.
It allowed for the perfect peaceful evening with Eileen after all that had happened.
"It's not crap," Holly defended, glaring a bit. "Many Nephilim go on to do great things."
There was no such thing as random. Dean knew that. Maybe whatever had brought Clark to them had something to do with the wiring in his brain being so off lately.
“Sorry to interrupt,” Sam said. “I just figured you guys would want some breakfast. I made pancakes. Whenever you want ‘em you can come to the kitchen.”
"Damn it Cas," Future Dean exclaimed and Dean jumped. "Just listen okay?! I can't, I won't go through this ever again! I won't lose you over something as stupid as a hunt! I won't lose you over anything not as severe either! I want you…to stay Cas. I need you to stay. I can't let you go. I—"
Crowley looked over at Dean and Castiel, the hunter patching up the angel’s forehead wound, and Castiel wincing upon the contact of Dean’s thumbs across the quickly bloodied bandage. Crowley caught him sharing whispers the King of Hell couldn’t hear to his partner, and an affectionate hand squeeze before Dean turned his attention to his son, who looked morose as ever, but trying to hide it.
Clark blinked a few times, thinking about what the Nephilim had just said. It was peculiar, feeling as though he was needed by someone. After years of pushing people away, acting like a loner, and wanting nothing to do with most of his peers or his family, it was nice.
The youngest Winchester was suddenly aware of how many eyes were on him.
Jody nodded and drove off.
Gabriel had to be right, for all their sakes, or they were all doomed.
Another flap of wings filled the room. Adam looked over to see Ezra staring at him.
The look softened almost immediately, and Sam cleared his throat.
“I believe there is,” Castiel answered first, peeved at the deity before him. “For it was you, Father, who caused all of this.”
He hesitated on the last three words. Though it was implied every time they interacted, he had yet to say it. His fears were put to rest the moment she answered.
(See the end of the chapter for
Ron narrowed his gaze, his eyes flashing red for a mere moment before returning to normal.
"That's my little princess." Future Dean smiled brightly.
But there would never be a love like him and Dean Winchester, a story like theirs, he knew that for sure.
Also, that the streetlights had begun to flicker abruptly in the middle of the day.
Castiel looked over at the elder hunter, looking him over, probably still looking for any signs of werewolf infection leftover although there were none. Dean had felt well for a while now.
They were at the diner again. The atmosphere there hadn't changed, except this time Dean wasn't staring a cheeseburger in the face, but instead found he was staring forward at another booth. A little girl sitting, pouting, was sitting by herself. The girl had soft brown hair and piercing blue eyes, she looked about eight. Her hair was stick straight and ordinary, but in the most charming and beautiful way. Her face was downcast like she was upset. She was wearing an ordinary brown and pink dress, not too frilly, not too plain. It fit her perfectly. Her shoes were brown flats, complimenting the dress. Dean actually felt sort of sorry for her being stuck in his limbo feeding grounds, until she looked up at the man that sat across from her: Future Dean.
Drew’s vows were simple and sweet, mentioning his immense love for LeSalle among other reasons the pair were joining in matrimony on that day. It was LeSalle’s words that really got Dean’s mind turning though.
Dean was reminded of home, on stormy nights when he couldn’t sleep, and he’d watch the raindrops fall lazily down the windowpane.
started through the speakers. Once Eileen climbed in his lap and the windows had begun to fog though, he barely heard the somber melody, and the neon lights cradled them in an electric embrace as they became one with one another for the first time in longer than either had wanted to wait.
Dean paused when he looked down at his chest.
“I know we left off in a bad place,” Ron sighed, on the brink of tears, and trying not to show it. “But I don’t want you to think I’m some kind of monster.”
Sam sighed once he crawled back into the driver’s seat of the Impala and placed the fast-food bags on the bench seat beside him. The younger Winchester ran a hand through his hair and placed both hands on the steering wheel after. He waited a moment and then whispered under his breath.
“I don’t suppose any of us could have predicted this,” Balthazar sighed. “There goes the peace.”
"I understand," Dean replied, choking a little on his own spit and words.
When Clark’s hand contacted Jack’s shoulder, the Nephilim felt a surge of power roll through him. Images went through his mind. Images of Clark and him laughing, walking through a nearby park, and Clark tapped his shoulder like he had his back for the rest of his life. Clark and Jack eating sandwiches on Jack’s bed and dying of laughter as Jack told a bad joke and Clark snot mayonnaise out of his lips into the air and onto the floor. Clark snuggled up under Jack’s blankets while the Nephilim sat in a chair nearby, reading and smiling over at the other young man.
And it’s finally enough for both of them, just to hear it.
Then, there was noise, but nothing like Dean had ever heard before. He’d witnessed monsters of all kinds communicating with one another. It was almost intoxicating, hearing them speak before death. It was such a strange feeling for Dean to find comfort in, but yet he did.
"Father always has the best intentions for all of us Castiel," Annahita explained. "Even his 'black sheep' children."
“I don’t understand how this has turned into an ongoing debate.” Castiel remarked, slightly annoyed at the brothers, but not enough to warrant expressing the emotion.
Sam gave Jody a look, warning her not to call his bluff. She looked over at the younger Winchester, expecting an explanation, but silently going along with it.
Charon nodded back, his eyes turning red as he vanished into thin air, leaving Hades on his own. The Greek God sighed, rolling his eyes, and conjuring up a goblet of nectar as he walked the caverns back to his eternal house.
Adam looked from the door to the kids again.
"The probability of that happening," Future Dean said. He and Sam hadn't hunted in years. They'd left it to others who didn't have children to worry about. "Is zero to none."
Titan's human form was that of a young man with dirty blonde short and shaggy hair. He had piercing yellowish golden eyes and perfect white teeth. He was on the skinnier side and wore an old t-shirt, blue skinny jeans and black Vans. He knelt down and held open his arms.
Cathalsis flew away and Castiel was left alone, once again. The room felt suffocating and overwhelming. His wings ached. The oil coming from them was even leaking through the back of his trench coat. Though his wings could not come out on an Earthly plane, their traits were still there.
Confidence radiated through him, something he’d been sort of lacking when the Winchesters and their little ragtag family had first met. The years had changed him.
“The kids are better,” Castiel informed him. “Sam said he spoke to several hunters on the phone over the past few hours, including Charlie, who is on her way here now to assist.”
“More or less,” the boy shrugged. “Think of me kind of as an imaginary friend. I go where you go because we’re connected.”
Having children of one’s own changed a man, and apparently hunters weren’t immune to that fact either.
"I am fine Dean," Castiel replied as he looked down at the bandages. "I promise…"
“My mom and I we…started hunting,” Clark explained, and he swallowed a hard lump forming in his throat. His eyes threatened to fill with tears, but he kept it at bay.
“Look Dean,” Sam rubbed the back of his neck. “I’ve kind of always…sensed something when you two are in a room together. I never wanted to say anything-.”
“So, what you’re saying that I-.” Dean pointed at himself, feeling a surge of a range of emotions.
I do plan on publishing a few more fics here soon. Including my own ending to Supernatural before the actual ending comes out. That will probably be up sometime next week, but perhaps before then. We shall see.
(See the end of the chapter for
Then, Ron stopped, and remembered that this was Kevin. Kevin whom he loved, despite whatever crazy nonsense was going on in the Prophet's head right now.
Dean felt a playful smile creep across his features, listening to the last tendrils of Kevin recounting his dive into Prophethood as most of the group exited the kitchen and walked off down the hall.
The Angelhound turned, exited the bathroom, and flipped out the light before a chorus of giggles came from the bed and filled the room, his own included.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Nothing…" she replied softly.
“You see,” Dean looked over at Jack. “There’s a reason you outlawed the Nephilim. Because they’re the only thing powerful enough to take you to your knees.”
"Okay fine," Dean said. "Show me. What's so important that I see it before I get to go home?"
“Heya Kev,” Ron wheezed out. “Sorry for the radio silence, but I figured you wanted it that way.”
"It's not nothing," his daughter gave him a look. "Dad you have demonic symbols on your car. Why?"
“For the love of all bromances,” Ron groaned from the corner of the library. Kevin sat across from the Hellboy, who was currently flipping his way through a Biblical reference book. “Just slap one another on the ass and hug it out already like other men do!”
“I know God is still out there,” Dean continued. “I know the world is in chaos, even though it doesn’t seem like it right here in this moment. Everything is crazy. I just feel like in all this it’s kind of just opened my eyes and I really just feel the need to say-.”
At that, Clarks’ stomach started to growl. It had been a long time since he’d last eaten.
Aiden dropped to the ground moments later, dead as a doornail, and Castiel stared down in awe and his blade dropped to the dusty barn floor. Slowly, Aiden’s body begun to glow, and souls flew up and away into the night.
Castiel hunched over further, and though his current visage didn’t have facial expressions, he seemed pained.
“Shut up,” Sarah snorted, and the pair exited the shop, a bell chiming to signal their departure. “I’d like to see you try.”
A/N: Well that got a bit raunchier than I had intended, but I knew Dean needed to act out in typical Dean fashion. That, and Castiel and he needed just a wee bit more drama because I'm a terrible person and you guys love it ;) and this was the perfect dose of it. Also, who doesn't love a bit of brother drama too! Don't worry all will be resolved soon. I also wanted a different take on John other than homophobic, so I hope I did that justice in this chapter.
He was through with owing anyone who didn’t deserve it.
"Why'd you do it?" Dean asked through tears and short breaths as Castiel took a seat near his bedside.
"The future can always change," Holly explained. "Nothing is ever set in stone. It all depends on what you're willing to go after. I can't control what choice you make when you wake up, but Daddy…"
Chuck addressed the angel who had taken the visage of the man in richer clothing, his eyes going white before returning to the man’s green.
“I’m a bit more preoccupied with the matter at hand,” Gabriel sighed. “My brother is taking this whole thing harder than I am, I think. I’m used to willingly being an outcast. Even after all these years, I can tell, he’s still not.”
He bit his lip, turning his attention back to Sam, and hoping he hadn't seen much of the whole dancing fiasco from before, but Sam was gone too.
Sam and Dean exchanged worried looks, casting them back to the angels. Wondering if they should cancel the evening. It would crush the kids, but their lives had never really allowed for much fun to begin with. Perhaps, it was time the kids learned that.
Listening to her parents bicker, even if it wasn’t a true argument, caused Sarah to chuckle. Rarely did they ever fight and if they did, it was over something dumb and insignificant in the long run. Daniel would have agreed with her. They would have been silently giving one another a look had he not been in another part of the bunker bathhouse, having his own makeup done by her Uncle Dean.
Sam's playful side finally got the better of him.
Most of all, he was grateful that Heaven and Hell had taken up arms with on one another so many years ago.
Sam hesitated for a moment, giving Castiel a look.
"I'm good," Dean replied. "Thanks."
“Yeah,” Sam said. “That requires me walking back to the motel since you’ll insist on having the car. Besides Dean, we’re supposed to be hunting for demons, remember?”
Dean almost went pale and backed out of the room.
In fact, the old vessel looked quite similar to Jimmy.
“Best prepare for triplets, my dear,” Crowley nodded. “You might want to tell that boyfriend of yours he’s upgrading to the title of father too.”
“Speaking of.” Crowley finished.
"My name is Holly," the girl said to him, breaking his train of thought. "Holly Ander. I'm an angel."
“Sorry,” Dean chuckled. “Gabe picked the music.”
"Your parents are gonna kill me for this," Gabriel spoke up, earning a concerned look from Future Dean and a confused one from Castiel. Sam rolled his eyes. "But, I got you a special gift."
Bane remarked.
Castiel could feel it all coming in waves out from Dean and it took everything he had to remain by Sam and to not pull the hunter up into his arms away from the water.
“Why are you sorry?” Dean asked, genuinely shocked the angel would ask such a thing. “I just regret not asking you about, well, you sooner.”
"Cas," Dean squeaked out and Castiel stopped in the doorway.
The United States seemed to be the center point of all the recent activity. Four major cities had taken a hit so far, blipping in red on the map, and Sioux Falls had been the first. Castiel sighed and rubbed at the back of his neck, carefully watching his Angel Council that surrounded him chat among themselves and offer tidbits of information here and there about what they believed it to be.
“We tend to stay below ground.” Ron replied, but with an air of nervousness in his voice.
Flaming fireballs streaked across the sky and clouds and the group watched in awe, feeling small bursts of power in the distance when one landed. Kevin had cried out moments earlier, complaining of a terrible pain in his head, and Meg had helped him up from his seat when he’d pointed towards the front door.
As the Winchester family moved on, they lacked in noticing a pair of eyes attached to a rather slender and young man watching from the shadows nearby. The man smirked and then stepped off the tree he’d been leaning against.
If Dean could smell his scent, and Sam could not, it meant that Castiel's suspicions were confirmed.
"Boyfriend?" Jay asked, leaning against the door frame of the bathroom, and watching Dean.
"I didn't mean for me," Dean replied. "I meant…"
Dean thought. "
“That’s too bad.” Dean says because that’s all he can think of to say.
“Did you ever stop and think that maybe you were intended to be here for a good reason?”
Dean sat there sometimes, when Sam's nose was buried in a book, and he conjured up thoughts he'd never share with another human soul. In fact, technically, it hadn't been a human soul he'd shared them with.
Suddenly though, the creature gasped in pain, and doubled over. It crouched to the ground, glaring, and growling up at the sky as though something beyond Dean’s comprehension was attacking it.
He’d gone and locked everyone else away and out instead.
Dean and Sam waved to Jody and she came up to the window of the car.
Dean made it to his empty room and flipped on the lights. The neatly made double bed a grim reminder he would be sleeping alone tonight. He could always go into town and find somebody to keep it warm for the night, but it seemed futile at this point.
Dean walked slowly, his breaths catching in his throat as he did. His hands were nestled deep in his pockets and his boots felt heavy on his feet. He stopped when he reached the house he'd seen before: 2340 Maple Street. At first he didn't know what the difference was or why he was there. What difference had a few years made? When he saw the 'For Sale' sign with a 'SOLD' one plastered over it though, he somehow knew.
Dean watched John let go of him, pushing the young boy away from him as though he were diseased, just as he’d recalled in the waking world, and shake his head a few times before going back to reading his lore and starting a new entry in the damn journal he took everywhere.
Memories came back to Dean in a flash. All of them, all at once, but one particular one came last. A brisk night so long ago in an abandoned barn with every sigil and symbol known to man painted on its walls. The Bobby from their world, still alive, by his side and shooting bullets at a man that couldn’t be moved.
Sam had proceeded to walk into the motel room with a rather serious look on his face moments earlier than Dean’s question and reveal a bit of information that Dean found to be rather, well almost, in their line of work anything was possible, unbelievable.
“Jack! Wait!” Clark called out, but his cries fell on deaf ears.
So why, and how, was he continuing to see them?
Dean ignored him.
“So, do it,” Sarah encouraged him, and Daniel turned and stared, confused, at his cousin.
“Son of a bitch!” he exclaimed, not considering his terrified and speechless son behind him.
Clark considered Jack's words, having decided he had seen enough weird things in his short lifetime and time of hunting that he wouldn't allow anything Jack had just told him to freak him out. Jack wasn't human. There were a lot of things about him that were strange. Clark knew that now, and somehow, deep down, it just made Jack far more special. Hell, Clark was special too, in his own ways. Everyone was. It was one of the first life lessons his mother had instilled in him, and even though he'd never listened to her until it was too late to listen ever again, he decided he would definitely heed her advice now and henceforth.
Bane turned to face Titan and the hound felt humbled all of a sudden in his Leader’s presence.
"You're not seriously referring to that one time that dad, sick out of his mind, almost got himself killed on a werewolf hunt because one of them scratched him and he refused help, are you?"
Bane explained. “
"Broken things are beautiful too," Castiel made a home for himself on the other side of the bed, knowing full well he'd be able to move before Dean woke up the next day and still keep an eye on him.
“They refuse to fraternize with humans beyond orders.” Titan explained.
“Again!” Gibson called out, throwing his arms up into the air and practically melting out of his seat onto the floor. Grace giggled and Clarence watched the scene affectionately with a calm smile.
“You’re gonna be late, Cassie!” Gabriel pushed Castiel towards the bunker stairs and the angel grunted in annoyance.
"Is that really true?" Dean asked Holly, his curiosity looming.
“Well,” Dean let out an appreciative chuckle. “You truly know how to get inside my head.”
The thing was Ron hadn’t killed a single soul in such a way in the entire time he’d spent with his blood related family.
The brothers pulled into a motel for the night, not wanting to continue such a long drive with fading daylight. Dean ordered two rooms. He didn't want to share tonight. In fact, he was about ready to get blasted out of his mind.
“Sorry,” Alex shook her head. “I just dove right in there didn’t I? It’s okay if you don’t want to talk about it.”
Castiel left the room, walking swiftly downstairs. Future Dean moved closer and sat on the edge of his daughter's bed. He smiled warmly. She smiled a tiny smile back, but then broke into a barking cough. The corners of her eyes watered and she looked up at Future Dean, scared.
It was his Achilles heel. His family.
“Agreed.” Castiel replied, but Dean could tell the angel felt dirty about covering up the kill. In fact, the angel lingered long after Balthazar did, just staring at the body with remorse.
Dean felt slightly uneasy about leaving the bunker empty, but the entire family had insisted on coming with. They had claimed Dean and Sam had done enough on their own the past few hunts. They deserved all the help they could get, especially now that Team Free Will knew what they were up against.
It was strange, after his confession, nothing had changed. Sam still sat shotgun, reading over papers and news articles when he wasn’t busy talking to Dean. The Impala’s tires still rumbled when they contacted the asphalt. The sun had still risen. The clouds had still formed. There was still a dent in the guardrail near the Lebanon exit when Dean took it.
Another body of a young man, dead about as long as the other victims had been but laying in an alley further away from the original crime scene. There hadn’t been much of a struggle, but evidence showed that the kid had been stabbed.
"B-But what if I'm not!" his daughter exclaimed, coughing again.
“Behold, I did it!”
His Heaven changed. Daily. He could make it anything he wanted it to be, day in and day out the happiest memories of his life, and yet, he always felt as though there would be an end. Something to shock him back to reality. Some monster lurking around a corner that he'd have to kill, but it never came. Honestly, it was the best thing that could have ever happened to him.
Sam left the motel room, leaving Dean and Castiel alone. The pair didn't exchange many words as Dean choked down what was left of his burger and started towards his bed.
Castiel held Dean upright, unfortunately taking the brunt of the rest of the spit up, but the angel remained unmoved. Dean looked over at the mess he’d made of the left side of Castiel’s trench coat and coughed a few times before looking, sadly and tiredly, up into the angel’s eyes.
"Daddy," she said hoarsely. "C-Can you sing me the horse song?"
Eileen hesitated. The words stuck in her throat for a moment before they finally came free and her heart started to pound. Sam stared at her, starting to feel his own anxiety level rise at the seriousness in her gaze.
Long after Sam and Eileen had cleaned up their mess from dinner, they still sat at the map table going over spells and Sam compiled information Eileen provided him. Eileen sat, sighing occasionally, and fidgeting under the table. Her leg shook up and down and she practically jumped every time Sam said something.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Seems to be that way," Sam sighed. "What do you say Claire?"
“I have only experienced this shower,” Jack replied, sitting stiffly on the edge of the bed. He could feel his back aching ever so slightly more than before.
"The hunt in town," Dean replied, just as confused. "Sam told me you said it was okay for us to crash here for a few days."
“And now?” Crowley inquired.
“Guy conveniently is at the scene of three different kills,” Dean explained, placing the listening portion of the device in his ear, and tapping it a few times.
I hope y'all enjoyed this chapter and I will see you again soon in the next one!
"Play the song about the horses again daddy," his daughter said excitedly. "Pretty please with sugar on top!"
Future Dean and his family went off into the house just as Holly put a hand on Dean's shoulder and took him to the next event. Dean landed in the middle of an unfamiliar living room. He was in a small apartment, the ceilings were high enough so as not to cause claustrophobia and the flooring was solid wood. There was some furniture, but none of it was lavish or expensive looking. There was a small TV in the corner near a sliding glass door. Dean turned around and looked out to the backyard which was an expanse of nothing, but sand, dunes, and ocean. There was a small path through the dunes leading from the deck to the beach. There were separate doors leading to two other rooms, one of which Dean assumed was a bedroom and the other was visibly an office. There was a small kitchen near the front door where Dean saw a sight he didn't think he'd ever see.
at the top of his lungs from the comfort of the spare bedroom. It had been turned into a music room slash office years ago with some major help from Papa and Dad and some leftover scrap metal from Uncle Bobby’s scrap yard. Bobby had shaped the metal into both a guitar and the bat symbol decorative pieces that hung proudly on the wall above the computer on a beautiful mahogany desk and Clare’s extensive collection of guitars on a rack.
Dean spun around, about to reply in outrage at what she'd showed him, but instead he almost gasped. Holly's perfect skin was covered in tiny cuts. One of which above her eye was bleeding. The look of glass was back in her eyes, screw that, there was actual glass in her eyes Dean could see it and she seemed to shy away as Dean got closer to her. Dean gave her a confused look. His eyes traced her abrasions and soon settled on her neck. There were a few there, but there was something even more peculiar to Dean. A necklace he hadn't noticed before. The chord was black. The pendant was barely peeking out from underneath her jacket. Dean tried to look closer, but suddenly Holly was gone and Dean was left alone in the graveyard until the scenery started to change around him.
“Bite me,” the demon spit in Ron’s face and Ron tried his best not to flip out. “I told you, I don’t know anything about their plans! Other demons out there might, but I don’t!”
Chaya explained.
A lot of things were revealed and potentially answered this chapter and I am so looking forward to starting the next one on an exciting note!
The heaviness of Gabriel’s words hit everyone at once. Adam and Ezra looked at one another with worry. Ron hung his head and Kevin took his hand. Sarah’s face fell. Daniel’s lips stayed in a flat line. The other angels looked defeated. Titan looked over at Meg, as the demon worriedly clutched her very swollen stomach.
He feared he already knew the answer.
"Studying, mom!" Alex called out. "I'll say hi later!"
the voice of the creature rang out and Dean turned to face it.
“We conceived our child here Dean,” Castiel said. “Of course, I like it.”
Dean and Sam were driving to the next motel, another hunt under their belt. Castiel had been in Heaven for the past few days with Gabriel. They were still fixing what was left of the problems Metatron had caused. The raindrops from up above rained down on Dean's windshield, but his wipers kept his view clear. The endless road to nowhere seemed twice as long and they'd yet to find a good radio station besides 'hillbilly music' as Dean called it. The next song though, the one that made it through, made Dean almost jump out of his skin.
“No, just,” Dean chuckled morosely. “I’m shocked that selfless bastard didn’t come back for what was his, that’s all.”
