When John looks back at Sherlock, he catches a fleeting uncertainty in his face, there and gone; Sherlock flicks his eyes at him, plasters on a put-on smile, and says, “Show time.”
, exactly? Her pressing down on his bruised knuckles? The pain that shoots up his arm? The cold examination table, a flimsy cover rasping against his blood-splattered jeans?
“I take it your Dr Watson was less than exhilarated to find out he had been misled all this time about your… status.”
Throwing himself onto his leather armchair, Sherlock closes his eyes and steeples his hands, fingertips brushing absent-mindedly at his lips. Something is nagging him at the back of his mind, related to this increased theatre of security being raised around him. There’s something he doesn’t know.
There is decent enough security at the main entrance to keep an eye out for anything out of the ordinary, John surmises – the Mayan is known for being very exclusive, catering to well-filled wallets. In here, though, security is almost an afterthought. The club seems to rely on Sherlock having his own team; John and Irene will have to be at their best. People dawdle and linger about in the corridor, chattering above the dull
“Yeah, technically the idiot wasn’t doing anything illegal,” Greg continues, “but we still have a few friends back at the ‘Box*.’ So, we got an address and me and Irene paid the man a visit.”
free time? His days are filled with writing music, recording, choreographing, filming… he doesn’t have a romantic partner to spend time with, and the few ‘friends’ John’s seen around the manor are more professional acquaintances than the confiding friendly sort. While Sherlock’s public persona is open to the world to see, the private one is locked up in some unapproachable tower.
Except all that had been a lie. He had faked his death, left his friends to grieve him, buried careers at the Met. Ever the sociopath, after all. It was only the fact that she had been wrong about his being a fraud that forces her now to accept his intrusion in her work.
“Absolutely not,” Sherlock interrupts with a scrunch of his nose, “it’s my property and I’m keeping it. Besides, it is clearly a calcium calculus. Look at the crystalline aggregation and the dark brown speckles, obvious.”
“The peptide profile is too complex to make any sense, which suggests contamination upon sample collection. As usual, the cretins at the Met botched what would otherwise be a perfectly reasonable avenue of investigation.” He rakes a hand through his curls, frustration seeping out from every pore.
Sherlock breathes away the dread that had threatened to cripple him. “I look forward to your call later, then.”
Sherlock breaks the moment, clears his throat. “Bit of a dramatic entrance,” he waves at the inclement weather as he closes the door. Stereotypical, really. A cliché that would normally made them giggle.
He slips the letter from underneath the newspapers. The envelope is greyish with old ink but looks otherwise more or less the same as it did the day it arrived. It’s not as threatening as Sherlock imagined it on that day.
They sink into armchairs, nursing the drink in silence. Mycroft knows there is little he can say now that will help. Rarely has he seen his brother in this state, but he recognises it all the same:
Soft lips, firm lips. Warmth. Sweetness. A tender touch. A gentle proximity. Not a culmination, but rather a next step. Passion, not brief and fiery but steady and glowing as embers.
“Oh, um, yeah, starting next Monday, in fact. Nothing planned, probably just spending time with Rosie around London.”
It’s a struggle to even lift his feet to go upstairs. Seventeen steps that feel like a thousand. But up he goes, following John into the flat. From his gait, John is in no better shape.
Instead of lashing out, Sherlock deposits his tea on the coffee table and takes a deep, weary sigh. This day has exhausted him. He has no good reply, so he says nothing.
“Swear to god, I have no idea how John puts up with all his shenanigans.” Greg shakes his head and takes another biscuit. Some more dull banging echoes through the house. “Is he hammering the walls or something?”
Mycroft smiles. There’s a hint of sadness, maybe even of longing, in his expression. John doesn’t usually get to see this softer side of Mycroft, and the reveal that he is artistically inclined makes John reassess the little he has learnt about the man in these few weeks.
go to St Mary’s. We’re not risking your kidneys because you’re a stubborn dick.” Despite the gentleness, John is leaving no room for discussion, and Sherlock seems to sense this as he nods again, this time in agreement. “And drink plenty of water; it will help if it’s just a simple UTI.”
“How am I supposed to know?” Sherlock strides to the open window and looks down, rubbing his neck. His voice is hoarse and tense. “The woman is gone.”
Their shouting match is probably audible well outside the office but John is beyond caring at this point. He wants to leave this freak house and never look back.
John turns to Sherlock and gently nudges him. Sherlock sits up straight, bewildered and hesitant to move. They exchange a long look, and John can’t help a warm wave of fondness washing over him. He breaks eye contact to get out; Molly is already on her feet, opening the door on Sherlock’s side and extending him a helping hand. Sherlock takes it, steps closer to Molly and kisses her cheek. “Thank you, Molly Hooper.”
“I hope so.” John gives her a warm smile. The woman is about his height, caramel brown hair in a ponytail and friendly brown eyes. She’s wearing jeans and a t-shirt too thin for the early December cold. She’s scrubbing the limo with her right hand; her left is bandaged. “My name is Edison, I have an appointment with Mr Holmes.”
“–he might be watching us, laughing while plotting his next move to kill your brother! Are you so jealous of his success you would stand and watch Sherlock die?”
“Can you believe it actually worked?” John asks between two forkfuls of stir-fried beef. “The whole riding a rollercoaster to get rid of the calculus, I mean.”
“I’m not thinking at all right now, Mr Holmes, how about that?” He runs the tip of the nose up the side of Sherlock’s neck and rolls his hips into Sherlock’s.
My breathing has become so shallow it’s almost not detectable, my chest turned into stone. I am out of my depth, and she knows it. “I do not follow.”
, he tells himself, but the lyrics wrap around John’s brain. From his vantage point on the balcony, enshrouded by the darkness interrupted only by the low light spilling out from the room, he waits for the song to finish. He knows there are just the two planned, and a lungful of cold sea breeze and a new round of applause later, he goes back in.
It had been a bloody mess, quite literally. A surprisingly armed suspect, a gunshot, a bullet grazing John’s thigh and ruining his second-best pair of jeans. Sherlock completely losing it, tackling the culprit to the ground; the man had escaped his ire with only a concussion and a black eye thanks to the prompt arrival of Scotland Yard’s finest.
Sherlock looked so uncertain, so unguarded, wide-eyed and deflated. “I am not an easy man to live with, John. Why you endure my idiosyncrasies is still a complete mystery to me.”
Sherlock will not open it. What for? What would be the point of sliding his finger under the flap of the envelope, slipping the paper from within, and reading words disgorged by an impersonal pen? The same pen that wrote Sherlock’s current address in Sussex; a Bic Cristal, black, 1.0 mm pen, so commonplace.
Please note there is a scene in this chapter that can be classified as non-con - it's not explicit though, and not between Sherlock and John. If you think this could be potentially triggering for you, skip the section that starts with "Sherlock closes and locks the door[...]".
He brings the package into his flat and sets it on the kitchen counter, then brings out a large box on wheels filled with sand. It’s not much but is enough to stabilise a small amount of explosives if necessary. He searches for his stethoscope to listen to the package – a bit ridiculous perhaps to expect a ticking bomb noise like in films, but an amateur bomber could still build something in that style. He hears nothing through the earpieces, so he lifts the package and sniffs it, and runs the hand-held metal detector over it. Nothing. He brings out a scalpel and slices carefully along an edge to lift the packing paper and reveal an ordinary cardboard box, which he opens slowly. There’s wrapping paper concealing a small object in the box.
in the posh bedroom, eh?” He is grimly satisfied to see Victor take a dry gulp and lean back on his chair.
Molly glances at John and gives him a determined nod. She blinks right but instead of turning towards Victoria Station, she takes a sharp U-turn and steps on the accelerator pedal, speeding on Warwick Way back from where they had come from. They hear screeching tires as the Land Rover tries to imitate Molly’s manoeuvre but fails to turn as smoothly and halts perpendicular to the road. This gathers more than a few blaring horns and Molly takes the opportunity to pass a yellow light turning red and swerve sharply again northbound onto Vauxhall Bridge Road.
Sherlock gives a nonchalant nod and moves swiftly away from the window. He feels heat rising in his cheeks as if he had been caught in the act. In the act of what? It’s his property, after all, he can damn well look wherever he wants to, and privacy is something nobody really has these days anyway. Him especially, what with being a
Sarah whispers the question, a warm, gentle voice in the cool air of the consulting room. She prods John’s left hand with careful fingers, systematic movements searching for broken bones.
“No, it’s, um. I understand,” John quickly says, because he does. Aside from his private quarters, Sherlock’s house doesn’t feel like a home. There are homely elements, like Molly’s chatter and Mrs Hudson’s fretting, but the space echoes with a lack of friendly intimacy. The emptiness is heavy and oppressive, neither filled or relieved by the constant stream of minions working on the machinery that is Sherlock Holmes, pop superstar.
Sherlock takes a break from reading to ponder on these words. Is the return of John Watson in his life and home intrusive? Since John visited, Sherlock has felt… lighter. The first few days after John’s departure were confusing – Sherlock felt off-kilter, like he had been sent spinning and was now recovering his balance. The spinning top comparison seemed apt once again. As time went by, gratitude for John’s initiative took over. A fraught visit, but a courageous and honest gesture on John’s part, nevertheless. Sherlock does not regret his anger during John’s stay because it helped him to define the problem.
Wrapped up in his thoughts, John is oblivious to having passed Bond Street and almost misses exiting the tube at Baker Street. It’s a short walk to 221 and he shakes off his circular thoughts about the trip and what all that meant as he climbs up the stairs to their flat.
Sherlock sits presently on the (only) narrow bed, elbows on knees, head bowed down, fighting off nausea. The cell is dimly lit, and the late night is quiet and unseasonably warm.
His eyes roam over the room, appraising his dominion, analysing the reaction – it’s all data to be used to improve future performances. But he cannot deny he is, in this moment, Huracán, wind and fire unleashed, and he is drunk in the feeling of power and invincibility.
Sally raises her eyebrows in surprise. “Uh, yes sir, I do think so. We’ll be wrapping things soon enough—”
John lays a gentle hand on her bicep. “Take a seat by the fire; I’ll put the kettle on.” Ellie hesitates between the sleek dark leather armchair and the cushy red one but decides for the latter when Sherlock slides into the first. She sinks into the soft cushions and stretches her tired legs towards the hearth.
John takes a good look at her. Molly is pretty, more sort of cute-pretty than eye-catching. Her clothes seem to be thrown on her rather than carefully dressed, and her hair is tied in a ponytail almost as an afterthought. With her almost shy attitude and pleasant manner, Molly is the sort of woman who will pass unnoticed. John silently reproaches himself for shallowly focusing on her looks when it is clear there is an intelligent gaze and lilt in her question.
“Come on, Sherlock, it’s important! You can’t possibly ignore that appointment. Call them and book a new one right now.”
The HPLC whirrs and hums as it draws and blends solvents, pushes them through a slim chromatography column, sends data to the connected PC.
John clasps Sherlock’s wrist with unmistakable possessiveness. “Did he– hmm.” He closes his eyes and fights to keep his voice steady. “Did he touch you, Sherlock?”
Relevant tags: Sherlock Holmes/John Watson; Friends to Lovers; gratuitous abuse of card game metaphors
“The timeline doesn’t fit. He’s not our man,” Irene adds. “He did admit to sending letters but nothing gruesome.”
What Sherlock is not fine with is her being used as the centrepiece of avoidance. As routine settles, there is the growing sense of unease that the important words that need to be exchanged are being left on the backburner.
In the distance, fireworks whistle and paint the skies over the English Channel with garish colours.
John recognises Victor as the man he saw locking a door in the corridor. Victor flounces towards Sherlock while abruptly finishing a call on his mobile. He hardly acknowledges John’s presence – or anyone else’s, for that matter – and instead focuses his full attention on Sherlock, waving a distracted hand at Greg and John. “Sherlock, darling! That video is going to be a-ma-zing! We must have it up soon on your YouTube channel.” He steps closer to Sherlock, lays a hand on his shoulder and slides it down his arm, not without a hint of possessiveness.
, Sherlock!” Ellie laughs. Sherlock gives her a sly look – the berk was having her on, after all. She looks around and points to the far wall with her chin. “Incident room?”
There’s the sound of hurried steps approaching and a nurse bursts in the room, looking alarmed at the remains of the potted orchid. John quickly explains the situation is under control and she leaves with a sympathetic nod and the promise of a broom.
He is jealous. He must admit it to himself. He envies a dead woman because she held Sherlock’s attention in a way John thinks he never will.
He gets the occasional e-mail from Molly and phone call from Mrs Hudson, short exchanges of pleasantries that nevertheless break the silence that otherwise reigns over his days. Molly sends him photos of unusual marks on corpses and other gory details only the two of them can really talk about, with the special brand of dark humour that comes from being around dead people for a good part of your work hours. Sherlock is grateful – she’s not technically allowed to share such details, but that’s what friends are for, right? Mrs Hudson insisted on getting his address so she could send him biscuits; Sherlock makes a mental note to send her some of his honey.
The car rolls to a stop; John grabs his groceries and jumps out. Before slamming the door shut, he looks in one last time. “Try harder, next time.”
, anyway. It is rather the intense, intelligent gaze from a pair of scrutinising crystal-blue eyes, now solidly fixed on him. Despite the business suit, something about Sherlock screams ‘superstar’ and charms the rest of the world into shaping around him.
John’s not much of a dancer, but the idea of holding Sherlock in his arms is proving harder to resist by the minute. He acquiesces, and stretches his hand to Sherlock in invitation. Sherlock shrugs off his suit jacket, hanging it on his chair, and accepts John’s hand.
He lifts a hand to cup Sherlock’s stubbled jaw, his thumb lightly stroking the cheekbone. He sees the damage he has inflicted on the man he loves, the cut on his eyebrow and the reddened eye, and hates himself a bit more.
There is a lot of dried-in blood on John’s trousers, but he doesn’t care about it right now. After his explosion of fury at John’s aggressor, Sherlock had been eerily quiet on the trip back to Baker Street. John felt his silence, heavy with unspoken emotion, the sort Sherlock cannot quite process. Or doesn’t want to.
“Did you do anything stupid today, like getting into a fight where you got a kick on the kidneys or drinking a home-concocted potion?” John delivers the question in the most neutral of fashions, as if either could be a completely reasonable cause  for Sherlock’s present suffering.
, and it took him an incredibly long time to find the distinction. The silence is buzzing in his ears, and it is hateful and unwelcome and—
,” Sherlock spits. “Really, John. I was home all day, then my back starts cramping, now I’m urinating blood, and the first thing you think is I have inflicted this on myself. Your bedside manners are quite lacking.”
He had one hand on the blanket, resting his weight upon it whilst he put down the chocolates and took up his wine glass with the other. I leaned to one side, folded my legs, and placed my hand next to his, mirroring his posture. He did not react. I moved my hand to close the last inch of space between his and mine, brushing his fingers with my own. We looked at each other, and his expression was one of surprise, but not aversion. Once he understood that I was still being quite deliberate, his face softened, and without breaking his gaze, he returned the minute caress of fingertips. Overcome by all the peculiar excitements he had provoked in me all these months, my eyes fluttered closed, and I gasped. Leaning forward, I blindly begged, “Watson, you must know what I desire. Please give it to me without further delay.”
“I’ve been craving your prick for weeks,” he confessed breathily, returning his attention entirely to Watson, handling him in that place he was referring to.
Never had I been one for being idle by the seashore. Bustling, crowded, grimy London was my home. There, I may have been one among millions, but I understood London, could manipulate its fine moving parts and feel in control as I went about in it. The ocean, though, chastened me, made me remember that I was insignificant, and could never begin to comprehend this world, much less change it.
He did begin to frig me then, which was very helpful. But it was not just the steady friction that drove me towards my crisis. It was the surrender; I could feel myself succumbing utterly to his tender but firm handling of me – to my delight, I noticed that it was becoming the slightest bit less tender and more firm. I sensed a strong ejaculation building up in me, and as he continued to jab deeply and with perfect precision, the throbbing urgency in my core finally exploded into a soaring climax. My body was rendered helpless, unable to do anything but twitch and jerk, and as Watson continued to press on me from the inside, I was certain that my seed was not merely spurting but gushing from me.
The boy was inconsolable, and sobbed through his tale of woe: his closest companion, his beloved dog, had gone missing. It was no jewel theft or murder, but I couldn’t help but spring forth to offer my services. I gathered all the information I could from him, confirmed that the house we stood in front of was the house he lived in, and promised to do my best to assist.
What a fool I was, not to control my noise. As I worked the thing eagerly inside myself, I squirmed and thrust and tried and sometimes failed to silently enjoy the electric feeling of it. I might have gone on all night making myself feel good in this way, but then I heard the squeak of my bedroom door opening, and the word “Holmes?”
It almost made me pity Watson, in a new way: whereas before, I had felt sorry for his lack of intellect, now I instead regretted that his true gift, his passionate heart, could never be known to the world, invaluable as it was to the world’s greatest detective.
“A third,” I answered, because after a third, surely he would put his prick inside me, and I longed for that desperately.
. I supposed I could accept this idea of directing one’s otherwise dangerous energies correctly. After all, there was a difference between learning to box and recklessly picking fights with strangers. So I proceeded, wading into a mire of baffling guidelines.
To my dismay, Watson continued to insist that I needed more practise getting accustomed to accommodating his fingers before he would give me his prick. The following day when I asked, he declared that I must be sore from what he done the previous morning. “Tell me when you can sit down without feeling it,” he said. But when I told him so, he just gave me his fingers again.
His velvety tongue alternated between agile flicking and long, slow licks up and down the ridge of my perineum. The wet sounds of his covetous mouth on me made me shiver all over. I could feel the fluttering of those particular muscles he was favouring with the touch of his mouth – I suppose I couldn’t help being shy about the attention. Without thinking I began to tug at my prick, and with that stimulation added to the maelstrom of sensation, I was spending in prolific streams in mere seconds.
We hadn’t quite made it to the high street, however, when we were stopped cold by the sight of a wailing boy, sitting on a stoop, tears streaming down his face. Watson stepped forward to comfort him. “There, there, my lad, what’s there to cry about on so splendid a day?”
Watson looked around once more, and finding no bystanders, he said, “Had we an absolute guarantee of privacy, I would kiss you breathless, just to start.”
I set down my glass with a thud and unceremoniously dropped my cigarette into the ashtray, so that with my shaking hands I might claw at the arms of the chair once more. “Oh, my dear,” I gasped, “I’m afraid I’m quite near to my crisis.” I expected Watson to snatch up his handkerchief and finish me off with his hand. Instead, when I spent, he only sucked more firmly, perfectly happy it seemed to drink me down, even going so far as to continue to nurse at my prick after it must have been clear to him that I was fully spent. I was tremendously sensitive and beginning to soften, and I cried out with the overstimulation, “Please, I’ve got nothing left, have mercy!” Only then did he relent.
Watson, bless him, took pity on me, and patted my knee. I grabbed his proffered hand in my own and said, “But no one can hear us, surely. So just
“I don’t feel like that at all,” I said, and I could tell he was wounded, thinking me cold, so I elaborated: “I feel now that I have lived my whole life in a sort of twilight half-sleep of fear and solitude. You awakened me. Not here in Folkestone, I realise now, but the day we met. I will return to London with new eyes, not disoriented but refreshed and aware in a way I have never been previously.”
Three fingers made me feel full and stretched; there was some discomfort, but I dared not tell him for fear that he would stop. I was happy to work through it to get to the pleasure. I knew I could accommodate more if he was patient with me. He’d barely had them in a minute when I whinged, “Watson, please put me out of my misery and give me your prick.”
But when Watson wiggled his fingertips with more vigor, Holmes’ thighs quivered and he cried out; by this time, he had worked Watson into the most intense state of excitement, and so as his instrument slipped from between Holmes’ lips, it sprang up and stood straight out from his body.
In the end, as Miss Hayes had every reason to believe that her aunt was quite deceased but unmistakably strolling through the streets, I presumed she was the victim of a ruse, or at the very least a misunderstanding, rather than any supernatural phenomena. I asked her for every detail of her daily routine, then instructed her to carry out this routine to the letter the following day, during which time Watson and I would, rather than follow her directly and possibly draw attention to ourselves, instead plant ourselves at key places along her route, watching for this mysterious figure to appear in her wake.
Funnily enough, I had not known what masturbation was, or how it was conducted, until it was laid out for me in these books. But in the same breath as it was explained, it was warned against: if I were to make a habit of “self-pollution” I would become lazy, my muscles would weaken, I would be tormented by tremors and terrors, my organs would cease to function properly, my powers of perception and reflection would deteriorate, and I would pass quickly into miserable dotage and idiocy. And this was to say nothing of the fires of perdition that awaited me for having indulged in such a damnable sin.
After putting those startling books back on the shelf, I had supper and went to bed, but I could not sleep: the books, I realised, were the key to piecing together that sparse knowledge I had of the science of human life. If I read them, I would no longer depend on peer anecdotes or stray sightings; I would have complete understanding. And complete understanding was already of paramount importance to me, even at that young age.
“I might have never known it myself,” I replied, “had I not chanced to dance with the Baroness. I only expected to perhaps extract a clue from her with idle chatter, about who the spy might be and how he planned to deliver his message to the traitor in Whitehall. But it was her dress that gave her away. Embroidered along the neckline of her bodice were glass beads, some round, some elongated: Morse code.”
Holmes let Watson’s member slide out of his mouth, a little trail of saliva still stretched across to it from his lip. “I would not trade your patient experience for the hair-trigger fervor of yesteryear,” he assured Watson, and then resumed his sucking. He began to stimulate himself as well, not intensely, just pushing his foreskin back and forth with thumb and two fingers as he gradually got himself into a comparable state of excitement.
“Perhaps that can be arranged,” he said. I opened my eyes immediately, to see his hands seeking the top button of his trousers. I began to pant open-mouthed, “Yes, yes,” whilst I pumped my prick faster. I could tell that he already had an erection; I ached to view it.
He claimed that I was as susceptible to flattery as a girl, and I will not dispute that, but I will say in my defence that I was so unaccustomed to flattery that I had not trained myself to eliminate unguarded reactions to it. Even Stamford, the man who recommended my company to Watson, had warned him that I was a hopeless misfit. My way of seeing the world was treated with, at most, grudging respect, but more often than not suspicion, as I refused to conform to a small but fundamental selection of societal expectations, and in English society, refusal to conform is an unforgivable sin. Watson’s naked praise told me that he and I were kindred spirits, both of us
“Deeper,” I gasped. “I was trying to get it deeper.” I gazed at him, wide-eyed and open-mouthed, hardly believing that this man who was the object of my desire was now assisting me in such an intimate and indecent pastime. I think that Watson may have interpreted my parted lips as an invitation, for he bent down and kissed me, whilst his hand continued to work the dildo in and out of me. That first kiss, and every one thereafter, sent a pulse of heat into my belly no less intense than that provoked by the deep strokes of the dildo. Something about Watson’s tongue delving into my mouth made my stomach flip and my thighs quiver.
As the months went by, my overactive imagination continued to get the better of me in this way. Watson would say something, and I would nearly,
Heat bloomed in my belly to hear him say this. “It’s important that you understand, I am in need of guidance on these matters. Would you teach me everything I need to know?”
My body did not resist his advance, and he sheathed himself inside me with ease. I had perhaps been overgenerous with my estimation of his dimensions, but despite the fact that he was smaller than the article I’d been employing, the feeling was incomparable; his bodily presence, the warmth and scent of him, made even the intense pleasure of the dildo seem to pale. Nothing could match the wonderful feeling of having a flesh-and-blood prick, hot and throbbing, buried deep inside.
as bait. Everything went just as I had anticipated, until the fiend got the point of his knife just inside my right nostril. He must have had no idea that Watson was right behind him, and whilst I was blathering at the burglar, attempting to disarm him with a persuasive word, Watson snuck up and did it the more conventional way; the blade clattered to the floor with no harm done to myself, and Watson held the burglar securely until such time as the police, awaiting my signal nearby, could place a sturdy set of handcuffs on him.
This was a fair reason for hesitation, and my heart leapt to know that the possibility of being spied on was his only objection. But I felt shame nonetheless, for was I not the tireless guardian of my emotions? Was I not the untouchable statue, with no weaknesses to exploit? Yet here I was now, scolded by Watson for my juvenile lack of discipline. “Of course you are right,” I sighed.
The ground was soft with recent rains, but not sodden. I dismounted from my bicycle before I reached the door of the cottage, and examined the footprints on the ground, to see what I could determine about the goings-on around the cottage before entering. I saw Mrs. Hudson’s footprints coming down the path and abruptly disappearing where they intersected with tire tracks: it was not her usual day to do the shopping, so most likely she was off to visit someone. Her footprints outward overlaid Watson’s venturing towards the cottage. So Watson had come for a visit and chatted with Mrs. Hudson a while before she had left.
He gazed intently at me, which made it difficult to say what I meant to say, so I averted my eyes before I told him, “There will never be another like you for me, so you must promise me that you will never leave me, that we’ll go on like this together, so long as we remain in this world.”
It was an uneventful case, satisfying when all loose ends were tied up but without the danger and suspense of my previous encounter with the burglar. The curious thing was, though, that I had spent this day of cab rides and coffee and waiting and watching absolutely bursting with enthusiasm – because the whole day had been spent with Watson, whose presence and being was absolutely riveting in a new and heart-pounding way. Everything he did I found enchanting, from the alluring manner in which he held his cigarette to the charming way he feigned nonchalance when Miss Hayes walked by us in the street. Every movement was so confident, so deliberate. I had always thought of Watson as being as constant as the North Star, but I had grown to think of him as being just as splendid and radiant to look upon. I committed every gesture, every smile, every sly look to memory, and that night, alone in my room, I confess I made use of it all.
Thus did I conduct myself from age eleven to age twenty-seven, my soul untethered to any other, my body a pillar of health, my vital powers preserved, and my libido absent, by nature or by training. And so might I have conducted myself indefinitely, had I not been introduced to Doctor John Watson.
I did not offer to do any more cooking on our holiday, but I decided then that I would not allow crepes to get the better of me. I would perfect my skills sight unseen, using Mrs. Hudson’s kitchen on the sly, until I could whip up something exceptionally good.
? But I could see Holmes’ expression while Watson did it, and thus I learned that it was not only possible but pleasurable. Never had I seen such bliss on Holmes’ face.
I kept to the far edges of the stairs as I climbed, avoiding the creakiness of the middle. But just as I was at the top, I heard the two men moving from the kitchen into the main room – and then toward the stairs! Holmes must have been bringing Watson up to the room he kept as a chemistry lab, to show him some experiment or other (the results of which Watson would surely not comprehend). I had intended to hide myself in that very room, but the door was shut, and I did not trust myself to open it silently. Instead, I dove through the open bedroom door.
“Anything at all I can do for you, I am at your service,” he said, and only jostled me a little as he strained to reach the book on the bedside table.
The first thing that struck me about these books was their indisputable authoritativeness. Just reading the preface of one, I got the distinct impression that I was about to embark upon a journey that would reward me with not just knowledge, but
Watson stroked my hair appreciatively, and caressed my cheeks and chin whilst murmuring endearments to me. I regretted that I had been too selfish and unaware to extend him these same courtesies when he had been seeing to me, and vowed to do better in the future.
A thousand more specifications accompanied the one concerning neck length, detailing which partners were suitable or unsuitable based on one’s disposition, form, height, corpulence, excitability, habits, and morals. Some of this advice was less than clear:
It had not occurred to me that Holmes could ever be susceptible to such indelicate desires, but there was no doubt now that Watson ignited something distinctly carnal in him. He extricated himself from Watson’s arms only long enough to open the drawer of the bedside table and take from it a tin. I recognized the label: it was petroleum jelly. He showed it to Watson, but did not open it yet, just tossed it on the bed.
I spread my legs wider, planting one foot on either side of him, hoping to entice him to come closer. He did not, but he did slide one of his hands round my ankle, gripping me in an unexpectedly intimate way. In my shock, I blurted out an answer to his question: “I just wanted you to touch me all over. I’ve never been touched.”
Blast it! He misread what I was attempting entirely, although in fairness to him, his assumption about my intention
. I would have thought that over time my skills would become less spectacular as he grew accustomed to their display, whilst my growing affection for his virtues, as they were revealed to me, ought to have made him self-satisfied. Instead, the light of his high regard for me never dimmed, and sometimes I blushed to think of it. I longed to tell him how I cared for him so deeply, how his bravery and good companionship so enriched my life, but every time I looked at his guileless face, his unguarded eyes upon me, I quailed and was silent.
I did not dare say a word of this, of course, but perhaps hinted at it when I looked into his eyes, for I could swear I detected a hint of conspiratorial mischief in them. But no, I had to be mistaken.
I was so distracted by his perfect sucking, I almost didn’t notice him reaching for the tin of Vaseline. I did hear him open it, however, and saw him dip his finger into it. I tensed once again in anticipation, and the next thing I knew, that finger was touching my arsehole. I was fine with this, but apparently my body felt differently, clenching against his light caress.
I had no choice but to trust Watson’s methods. He had only ever wanted what he knew was best for me, and I saw no reason why this trait of his should have vanished just now. I closed my eyes and took myself in hand.
"You mean I'm the easier material for experimentation, and the cause of death of the deceased was that he accidentally slipped and caused his head to hit the edge of the bathtub and lost too much blood." Anderson sternly expressed his dissatisfaction.
When John walked into the lobby of the hotel, he found that it is estimated that at least five police officers in uniforms were investigating other people around him. He can think of an accident here.
"What, Sherlock, you have not yet left, the case is waiting for you!" Lestrade shouted the detective.
"Oh, Anderson, what else your poor brain can do, of course is sex. The deceased is a homosexual." Sherlock said with an exaggerated expression.
At that time, the detective saw his lovely roommate approaching the love seat opposite him, "Lestrade, do you really want me to tell?" Then he said with a strange smile.
"John, you are now preventing the deceased person from being homosexual." Sherlock pursed his lips in dissatisfaction. "But, I accept your suggestion." Then he walked to a sofa in the room and sat down, "Please explain beforehand. The sofa I sit on is something the deceased has not touched, so I can sit down and rest. ." He said to everyone who was skeptical.
"Lestrade, that was just an ordinary murder. The murderer killed the deceased because he refused to pay after having sex. I believe that the deceased's suit had a fingerprint of the murderer." Sherlock said, and followed John's pace left the hotel.
"No, he just accidentally slipped and caused his head to hit the edge of the bathtub. He lost too much blood and died. Of course it was a murder and the murderer was a male." Sherlock walked to the washbasin and whispered, "You see Everything around the wash tray was messy, because when the deceased was struggling, he unconsciously grabbed it, and the murderer used the temperature of the hot water to accelerate his death, and then put his body in the bathtub, and he let it go. Can create the fact that Anderson saw! Can an ordinary woman do it?"
"Do an experiment. The deceased should not slip and fall in the bathtub because of the bath, but was suffocated to death by the murderer's mouth." Sherlock said, covering poor Anderson's mouth hard.
John, who had just completed the operation, turned on his mobile phone and saw the text message, "That bastard!" He scolded in a low voice, then changed his doctor's robe and put on his coat to leave the office discouragedly. Of course, don't forget to bring two sets of latex gloves for surgery.
"Lestrade, the look in your eyes and the degree of clenched hands tell me that you are angry, but you have to remember that I was invited by you. You have the right to show me how to find the murderer." Xia Locke pressed the still struggling face of Anderson on the wash tray, "The murderer is very smart. He used the temperature of the hot water to speed up the death of the dead." He turned on the faucet and released the hot water.
John looks very serious.  He breathes deeply and watches Sherlock, maybe waiting for the joke to land.
Earlier, John would wake up in the middle of the night, thinking he heard the violin.  When he would have PTSD in the past, he’d used to often wake up to the sound of the violin, the notes soft and sweet, and he’d realized over time that Sherlock had been playing him a lullaby when he’d been screaming in the night.
Afterwards, when John has fallen asleep and Sherlock is lying awake, he can’t help himself and he goes out to have a cigarette.  This is his version of hiding a little, of being private within himself.  It’s terrifying and perfect because John had moved and touched and kissed exactly like Sherlock had thought he would, but also it was better because Sherlock never could have imagined half of it.  Not when it was so real.  So in front of him.  He smokes down to the filter and then lights another one.  He’s not so afraid of fucking it up anymore.  He’s only afraid of how calm he is.
“No, no no no no,” he whispered.  He finished undressing and got into the shower, trying to rub his skin red.  Maybe if he just kept scrubbing, his ridiculous, unrequited crush on John Watson would scrub off too.
“John?” Molly says softly.  There is no way to ignore her really, and so he gives up and looks her in the eye.  She smiles at him, seeming so intensely happy to see him and he can’t imagine why.
A small place on the outskirts of the big city.  In the fall when it’s gotten chilly and the leaves are beautiful.  He can imagine the cup of coffee in one hand, a notebook in front of John. The image is disastrously hopeful. He imagines John outside, journaling.  He hasn’t seen John journal in forever and he always knew it had been good for him.  A way to parse things out.  The healthiest way to parse things out anyway.  A much more organized and decent way.  And it made John happy, just to be collecting thoughts and in a small way, creating something.  In a small way, clearing his mind.  Seeing John happy hadn’t happened in so long.  Maybe he and John could even have dinner together and a smile would appear that was genuine that didn’t fade almost immediately, like John was remembering that he wasn’t allowed to be happy for even the briefest moment.  So Sherlock would suggest thin. Let the idea was over John and watch his face intently so he could know for sure. This was a good plan, he was sure.
Sherlock let out a soft laugh, both horribly endearing and endlessly frustrating. He nodded, then opened the front door again and as quickly as he had come back into John’s life (brief as it was) he was gone again.
“How do you think?” Sherlock said. “The press has found me which means Moriarty has found me. The man who wants to destroy everything I hold dear now knows I spent the night with you. He knows where you live, and he’ll come for you too. Not to mention a mere forty eight hours ago photos from my dark past popped up everywhere, and all of London knows my darkest secret. Add this into the mix, I’m now sleeping with a man when I’m meant to be dating Janine. I look like a monster to anyone paying attention.”
Sherlock can see so clearly John building up walls around himself, so afraid that like Sherlock, everyone else would leave.  He can see Mary taking apart those walls, inch by inch.  He can see Mary healing John, showing him that light emits from the darkness still.  He can see Mary watching John very carefully, slowly learning how best to comfort him.  Seeing the way his fist clenches when he’s upset, or the twitch in his cheek.  The hard line of his mouth and the way he swallows when he’s afraid. She must have been taking fucking notes from Sherlock.
“I think he’s outside in the garden,” John had said, brushing pencil shavings off his paper, creating smudges across the words.
He knows somehow that that would be too much.  Sherlock thinks that if he isn’t careful, John will leave again.
It’s somewhat awful, how easily he’s agreed to help Sherlock again.  It’s terrifying how they’ve fallen into each other’s pace so easily, walking in unison.  Sherlock doesn’t call for backup, of course.  John isn’t even all that upset, he’s actually enjoying it and he’s sure Sherlock knows.  He knows everything.
A few hours later Stamford comes back, and he isn’t alone.  Sherlock notices the second voice immediately.  It’s soft and warm and he forces himself not to look up.  Instead he changes the focus on the slide he’s been studying.
“Well that’s good news,” John says, trying to make his brain catch up. “Excellent news. I love you too, git.”
Some part of him wants to roll over and go back to sleep, but he’s done with that.  There will be no more rolling over and pretending he isn’t in love and that everything is fine.  He has hope after all because sometimes Sherlock looks at him and it’s all there, not hidden anymore.
“Lovely,” John said, sighing into his water glass. He didn’t think he had it in him, but it was worth a shot. What was there to lose?
The night before he left for Afghanistan John took the prettiest girl at the bar home with him and fucked her until she moaned his name into his pillows.
John pulls Sherlock’s arm over him, and gets him to bed more by throwing him than really placing him down.  He puts a hand on his shoulder, as if he just could not resist, and then heads for the door.
He stops for a coffee inside café under the flat and then heads out.  The tubes are loud but it’s anonymous.  He watches a couple make eyes at each other and feels vaguely ill.  There’s a mother rocking her baby next to them and he isn’t sure which sight is worse.  He sips at his overly sugared coffee and shuts his eyes, trying to melt into the metal of the train cars.
John gave Sherlock a stern look, then put his hands on the fence again. Unfortunately, he slipped again, and once again uttered “Whoopsie daisies.”
John threw on a shirt and made his way to the door. As he opened it, he was blinded by the flash of a camera. People were shouting at him, all at once, and he couldn’t make out a word. The press had found out where Sherlock had been hiding. “Jesus Christ,” John whispered, and slammed the door shut.
This was a fellow med student.  John had had him in class but doesn’t know his name.  Didn’t even know if he liked men or women, people even.  Yet, somehow the smile and his deep voice when he asked John what he wanted to order was comforting somehow.  John smiled back over his tea mug. He can’t help watching the man, can’t help his eyes following.  In all honesty, John Watson is embarrassed.
But he knows he can’t say that at all.  He knows that isn’t the appropriate answer.  He knows he is supposed to say Yes.  He wishes he could say yes and mean it but he can’t and he is done lying to John.
“It’s healing well,” John says.  He takes ointment on his hands and puts it on the wound.  Sherlock recoils at first and then manages.
“I can’t leave it.  I can’t pack up his things.  I can’t pack up his things it feels so wrong.  It’s been five months and it still feels like it is that afternoon, and he’s dying in my head over and over again.  And he doesn’t shut up.  He’s so loud,” John admits, and he can’t believe he’s admitting it, to Harry of all people, but of course it’s to Harry.
They sit on opposite armchairs in the sitting room a few minutes later, cups of tea in hand and a plate of biscuits between them. Yet another pair of furniture arranged for two instead of one, for some unfathomable reason. Sherlock dwells not on this. Instead, he observes John as he blows gentle ripples across the surface of his Earl Grey and takes tentative sips, testing the temperature. A towel thrown over his shoulders, to absorb the worst of the rain. He watches as John licks his lower lip nervously and glances up at Sherlock with a mix of apprehension and hope. He waits as John seems to be about to say something, then regret it.
John opens his eyes and stretches a hand to gently touch Sherlock’s split eyebrow. “You are a wonder, Sherlock Holmes, and don’t ever let anyone convince you of anything else.” He slides the tips of his fingers through s few wild curls over Sherlock’s temple. “Thank you.”
John releases his arm. “Goodnight, Mycroft.” He hurries out of the room under Mycroft’s scrutinising eyes.
To be fair, his reputation is the last thing on his mind. He had been fooled by his younger brother, but this becomes a minor detail in comparison to the mess Sherlock created by shooting Magnussen in front of way too many witnesses.
“I can’t—I can’t go on with the knowledge of how much I hurt you. Obviously, given your reaction just now…” Sherlock scoffs while John trudges on. “I was selfish. I blamed you for events you had no control over. I punished you, pushed you away, and the one time I laid hands on you was to deliver punches and kicks instead of… comfort or... at a time you were—you were most vulnerable.” John inhales raggedly, exhales. Inhales, exhales. Slides his gaze away from Sherlock’s to an undefined point behind him, then back at Sherlock. Takes a deep breath. “And then I just broke down in your presence instead of being the friend you needed.” He swallows, once, twice. “I am here to apologise for all the hurt I caused you. And to ask for your forgiveness. God knows I don’t deserve it, and I don’t actually expect it, to be honest. It is yours to give or not give, not for me to claim.” The last bit is delivered with an uncontained, raw sob. He takes another shaky breath, controls himself. “There was some more but, um. Maybe now’s not the time.”
"John, of course I know, but I need your pair more now." Sherlock continued, "and that pair of gloves is very useful for now."
"Damn it, I know." John couldn't help cursing again in a low voice, put his phone back in his jacket pocket, and reached out to take a taxi to the London restaurant.
After, Dr. John entered the hospital with the support of a tall handsome male friend. It was a novel scene for the staff working in the London hospital. It is a shame for the client John.
"Anderson, you once again lowered the wisdom of the entire Scotland Yard." Sherlock said loudly, "He was already dead at first, not because of excessive blood loss. He, 33 years old, came here from outside for business, oh, It's a simple murder!" He walked to the body and continued, "The murderer should be a male."
"No, I'm still angry, but how do you know how many times I have...that...hell, masturbating?" John asked blushing.
Sherlock heard John speak immediately scaled back no longer touch the couch, and the scowling detective.
Feather-light fingertips on his jaw makes John open his eyes and turn to face Sherlock. “He made a very poor attempt, which I was able to ward off,” Sherlock replies softly, “then Irene escorted him and the harpy out. You missed it because you were having a strop on the balcony.”
What is dogging John now, though, is how inadequate an engagement ring feels. This symbol of possession is out of place in a relationship anchored firmly on mutual trust and respect. What John needs to do is show Sherlock he is
“Hmm, morning, love,” John replied, turning his head up to face Sherlock and stretching to place a kiss on his lips. “You look like you’re plotting something; isn’t it too early for that?”
He tastes his own, sometimes. He’s run away from London to escape memories that stubbornly cling on to him and now hang on every bit of his garden. Pain is a landscape.
Thoughts of plans to protect Sherlock churn in disquiet in John’s head, though. Sherlock seems to sense this. “What are we going to do?”
“Sherlock, hands from dead bodies are not– you know what, forget it.” John knows better than to continue that line of discussion – if Sherlock has decided to grow three types of mould on a decaying body part and it makes him happy, who is John to deny him that small pleasure? “What is it that I am never going to believe in?”
, John internally chastises himself. So, he was just going to tell Sherlock, what? That he’s groping his knee in hopes to grope something more? That he wanted to climb onto his lap and snog the living lights out of him? That he’s marrying Mary because Sherlock’s married to his work? That John loves Sherlock more than anyone else in this world? And then they would have sex and John would still go back to his fiancée in the morning?
“No need to apologise, Sherlock. You can call me any time. You know that, right? Any time you need.” There’s a creak under John’s feet, the sound of a door softly clicking shut, and bedlinens whispering as John lays Rosie down in her cot.
John is very aware his invitation to have a cuppa at his place after the restaurant can be construed as an overture. He is, in fact, not sure if it’s not one. While returning home,  John had gone into a state of hyper-surveillance that seemed to irritate Sherlock. He knows the man does not wish to be treated like porcelain but John is his bodyguard after all, and it won’t do to let his guard down just because they both felt like letting themselves have some fun. Together.
Surprisingly enough, Sherlock does not protest and he sits down while John fetches more pills and water. As John walks downstairs and fills a glass with tap water, the last wisps of sleep leave him. He considers Sherlock’s symptoms, their onset and evolution. Sherlock reacts positively to NSAIDs, but the pain is still intense; fresh blood in his urine, unilateral, cramping pain, no pyrexia… A few possible diagnoses shuffle through his brain, and he tries to hope for the least complicated one.
John walks to her as she reaches for a glass of champagne, and her face lights up when she sees him.
“What happened?!” John bursts into the dressing room, where Irene and Victor are gathered around a pale but outwardly composed Sherlock. Irene points wordlessly to the computer, where Windows Media Player is paused.
“Your job seems to be making my life a living hell!” is a typical answer, followed by a dramatic exit from the discussion with a swoop of a dressing gown. Also typical are cold looks or snarky comments from Victor after Sherlock’s explosions, and remarks on how pointless and eye-wateringly ugly all the rebuilding is.
Mycroft pivots on one heel towards a photo-covered wall, not unlike the ones in the manor; John follows his movement, pausing when he realises the wall is plastered with photos and posters featuring
John goes straight for the kettle. Exhaustion takes hold of Sherlock, a bone-deep fatigue from a night that lasted an eternity. But he settles in his armchair and accepts a fresh brew. He’s too tired to sleep, counterintuitively enough.
Usually, the vehicle simply takes John wherever Mycroft is, whether this is the Diogenes, his office in Vauxhall or, on one memorable and rather disconcerting occasion, his townhouse in Belgravia. Which is why John is surprised to see Mycroft in the car.
There had been no drama. No real build-up, either. No grand moments of revelation, no planned heart-to-hearts. No special catalyst. No emotional confessions.
Sherlock glances uninterested at the screen and back to the microscope. He changes to a new slide. John, standing in front of the stove, stiffens and stirs the pasta sauce a bit more violently than needed.
Sally halts, clenches her jaw and turns decisively to face him. “How can I trust you? You are a master liar, an emotionless sociopath and a manipulator.” She doesn’t miss how he narrows her eyes at her, a flash of…
Irene is perceptive enough to sense this is a conversation she should not be privy to. “I will talk to the hotel security, see if we have some CCTV footage.”
Mrs Hudson glances at him, trying to decide how much to say. Not that she is coy about these things, but at her age, there’s things she prefers not to discuss with a gentleman. Also, it’s not really her story to tell, is it?
John can’t help but frown at the man. Victor, who has now slid his hand to Sherlock’s back, is as tall and slim as his boss, but his slick blond hair and sardonic, brown eyes contrasts with Sherlock’s artfully arranged ebony curls and impassive, clear focus. There’s something about Victor that makes John’s skin crawl but he tries to rein it in.
I gape at her. John is my best friend. And yes, I admit (only to myself) that I do have romantic feelings for him — but he is not able to love me in that way. I have deduced, however, that he does experience attraction to me. But that it would be wedging itself into their common life together…
All hatred John had for The Woman dissipated in a breath when learning of her death from Mycroft. How can anyone hate a dead woman? Yet, John cannot completely relinquish his loathing for Irene Adler.
“You’re, um.” Why is this so hard? “You’re welcome to have some tea and toast before you go. I’m out of other, er, breakfast things, I’m afraid.” John is slipping into his jeans; Sherlock looks away for privacy and uses his movement as an excuse to slide into the kitchen and prepare breakfast without waiting for John’s reply.
“Bill likes to fish – obvious from the accessories hanging from the boat house and the ones stored in the house. Various fishing magazines on the coffee table, too. This loch isn’t very wide but it is large enough to not fully freeze unless it’s a very cold winter. Yesterday evening, we were discussing whether we would go for a boat ride, weather allowing, during our stay here. John, you’re hurting my arm,
All three occupants of the house turn up at the door, and it’s Bill who speaks first: “What’s going on?”
The last few days had been…fine, if not good even under the circumstances. Sherlock had chastised himself for kissing John. A moment of weakness, and John had responded in kind. But the moment had dissipated with the morning light, and the two men now seem to be navigating through some sort of limbo. It’s confusing and distracting, and Sherlock tries to regret it all, and just
John rubs his face, trying to revive himself from the stupor of exhaustion and grief. “Molly…you should go. Get a hotel room for the night.”
“No, I suppose not.” This is not the time to tell Sherlock there are very good reasons to have such measures in place.
Another young woman shows up next to Sherlock with a wad of papers and a pen; Sherlock sighs and sorts through papers, scribbling a signature here and there. He looks distracted by the entire exchange until he speaks again, eyes still skimming paperwork. “I’m willing to accept the extra security if this does not interfere with the Work. I told you as much, Greg.”
Sherlock throws his duffel bag on the floor and collapses on the mattress, nose buried on a lumpy pillow smelling of cheap laundry detergent. Once, the rough texture of the pillowcase would have grated on his nerves. Now, it’s a welcome change from the park bench, his bed for the last four days while he gathered intelligence on a particularly notorious member of Moriarty’s network.
Sherlock snaps his head up and John sees rage in his eyes. He braces himself for a Sherlockian tirade against the futility of the medical establishment and the incompetence of all his colleagues and the idiocy of the world at large. He’s taken aback by the actual answer:
Sherlock clutches expertly the gun in his right hand and inspects it in detail, turning it this and that way.
Said PC is being scowled at by a visibly aggravated Sherlock Holmes, as the screen plots a mess of peaks on a chromatogram.
John keeps his promise and, to Sherlock’s relief, does not dig into the real reasons for Sherlock’s impulsive contact earlier in the evening. They decide the Watsons will stay a week; they muse about how the weather usually is like in Sussex (‘it’s really not that far away from London, John, not exactly the tropics here’, ‘yeah, but maybe the nights are chillier?’); they chuckle at the ill-thought accommodation solutions (there are none – John will have to bring Rosie’s travel cot, and Sherlock promises to arrange a li-lo for John); they reconsider the length of the stay depending on the quality of the li-lo (and Sherlock has already decided he will take it, and offer John his bed; he tries not to dwell too much on how that sounds like). They talk about inconsequential things, subjects that would have driven the before-Sherlock up the walls with sheer tedium; small things that now fill the aether between London and Sussex and deconstruct the choking atmosphere of the empty house. The small talk gives way to yawns as the night advances; John’s voice lulls Sherlock with comfortable words, eases his mind, distracts him. They bid their farewells and neither comment on the fact they’ve been talking for almost two hours.
“Thank you, Molly. You did really well tonight.” John is sincere but his words betray a sad helplessness for the whole situation. It should never have happened.
. Cruelly enough, the operative system decides that now is a fantastic time to install a heap of updates. Sherlock groans.
It’s been a long time coming. We have both had our share of obstacles to surmount. One would be fooled in believing the biggest of them all being John’s matrimony to Mary, or the dark period after her death. One would be wrong. The largest obstacles have been our own fears: of undeserving trust, of potential abandonment, of repressed desires.
Sherlock sags beside him, sinking into the worn-out cushions. “He made advances on me. Was a bit…handsy.” His eyes don’t quite meet John’s. “But the important part came before we went into the room. Brook presented himself as someone in the film industry but from the projects he was boasting about it was obvious he was lying, otherwise I for sure would have heard about him before, and
“This is not new; it only feels like it.” They are a few short words, but Sherlock feels them hitting the core of him as an absolute truth. Not for the first time, Sherlock wonders if it’s not John who is the real genius here. This is not new, no. It started… when? Somehow, even if them as an item are a new thing, it feels like this had always existed in a plane of its own, and John and Sherlock had simply materialised into it, falling into the flowing waters of their inevitable destiny.
“I can keep vigil here if you want to walk around.” Irene’s voice startles John. Damn her and her ninja walk! But he is thankful for the distraction – the last thing he wants to do is listen to whatever is going behind the closed door.
? How did he get convinced to go through with this madness of taking Sherlock on a date? Why did he fall into temptation and make Sherlock fall into his bed?
But I digress. John will kiss me tonight. The thought fills me simultaneously with elation and terror.
Greg takes another deep breath, bewildered by her violent reaction. To defuse an angry Sally Donovan is a fine art, but one he has learned throughout the years. “Have you tried to simply talk to him? Come on, Donovan; you are a brave woman. I am sure he will not refuse a word with you.” At her sceptical look, he continues, “I am one-hundred percent sure he has forgiven you, as he has forgiven me. Just give it a go. He respects you a lot more than what you think.”
He lowers his fist and turns his back to the door, doing what he does best: surveillance while his client is otherwise occupied. John clenches his jaw and stares out into the party. He catches Mycroft’s eye from across the room, raising a glass and taking a sip while staring at him. John nods politely back.
“I accepted another bodyguard. Fine, what’s one more person around the premises anyway. The ruckus from the extra security implements? I can live with it, it is temporary, after all. But restraining my mobility,” Sherlock spits, “blocking important meetings, cutting down on my public appearances? I am drawing a very firm line there, Mycroft.”
“Can I help with anything? Smells delicious.” John’s voice is small despite the obvious attempt to appear relaxed. As if this was a normal night back at Baker Street, a domestic scene without need for rehearsal, so many times it had been repeated in the past. Despite his nonchalance towards his Transport, Sherlock did cook sometimes, and always got appreciative remarks from John. The memory tilts Sherlock slightly off his axis again, and he wonders not for the first time after John shadowed his doorstep whether he will ever find his way back. Back to what, though? He’s feeling more and more like a spinning top with increasing precession around its rotating axis, and everybody knows what eventually happens to a spinning top when it loses its battle with friction and gravity.
“Good morning,” Sherlock greets with a sleepy, raspy voice. He licks his lips and coughs to clear his throat. “Sleep well?”
Until there was. Because now, months after John moved back to Baker Street, months of rebuilding their friendship, months of growing intimacy and a bond stronger than ever, John has found himself (sometimes, just sometimes, late at night, in his bed, behind the relative safety of a closed door) wondering ‘what if’.
“John, I. I cannot give you,” a stab of pain, “the same things she can,” the dagger twisting in his chest, “as I am not,” and why is this so difficult, “what you want.” Sherlock instinctively raises a hand to the wound, as it feels it might have burst open and let all his blood drain from his body. He feels cold and starts shivering.
Beside him, Sherlock stirs awake, sniffling with closed eyes. John turns his head to look at him: a stray ray of sunshine highlights notes of auburn and chestnut in Sherlock’s curls and spills onto a cheekbone. Sherlock wiggles under the duvet, wafts of trapped heat billowing out, such a stark contrast to the apparent coolness of his pale skin. John knows better now that the aloofness is just an armour, that his cool tones hide an improbable radiating warmth. Sherlock cracks one eye open, then the other; John meets his eyes and is rewarded by a soft, genuine smile.
“You really want me to say it? Oh, very well: I have you, John. My friend, my companion. I’ve said before, you keep me right.”
“When was this?” Sherlock asks. He’s sitting next to John, peering into the too-small screen. Molly perches on the sofa’s arm to try to get a glimpse of the proceedings.
“Oh? Here I am,” John says, putting on his best disarming smile and turning to check on a window latch. Locked. Good.
John evaluates Sherlock’s present condition. He might be in less pain now, but he’s still not well. John can’t do more for pain relief right now except counting hours and make sure Sherlock tops up his ibuprofen/paracetamol combo as soon as it is safe. “A warm bath.”
Molly returns to her seat. “Yeah, it was Bill. He’s going back with the police to his place, there’ll be a bomb squad later too. It’s just…so crazy.” She lets out a weary sigh.
I am an imbecile and John is a genius. Apparently, I forgot to account for the most important parameter:
“Then, let me make this short and clear.” She leans back, assumes a position of power. The chair should swallow her small frame, but she sits now larger than life, a glimmer of triumph on her gaze. “You can’t have him all for yourself. I love him, and I will not give him up. One can’t always take what they want.
His client falls back in the car with a determined push. There is no time to think, only react; and yet, it all happens in slow motion, like a dream where his feet are stuck in the mud while he tries to run, run, run.
Greg comes in, hot on Victor’s footsteps. They have both been discreetly summoned by Mrs Hudson after Sherlock had invaded her kitchen and demanded ingredients for a smoothie. And Sherlock never goes in the kitchen, ever. Greg seems worried – perhaps by John’s absence.
Sherlock will not open it. John had been appalled, confused and then livid at Sherlock’s outburst in the middle of a busy London street. The fight had been ugly and visceral, people staring as they walked by, others pointedly ignoring the row. Molly surging behind John, tears springing to her kind eyes.
No chance to continue as a surgeon – his damaged shoulder gave him an unsteady left hand and a destroyed self-confidence. And all the work and money to requalify
“I tried to walk away before and realised I…I couldn’t. Even if you hadn’t asked me to stay, I don’t think I could’ve just…turned around and walked away.” He turns to face Sherlock. “I can’t bring myself to truly regret the, um. Our, um, intimate moments. What is screwing with my head now is how I can’t find a way to protect you from harm. It seems like it doesn’t matter what I do, you’re always in danger. But this doesn’t mean…”
“Irene is competent. She’s great at reading people, and nobody gets near Sherlock if she gets even a whiff of potential trouble. But she’s no security expert. Yeah, I realise there’re points we can improve, but that’s not really my strong suit. We need your expertise, John.” Greg’s mobile buzzes with a new message. “Sorry, let me just…” Greg looks at his mobile, frowning at the message and thumbs his way to the call button. “Just a quick call, sorry…”
But John isn’t letting him get away, as a glint of hope blossoms in his chest. “And you have…” he prompts, softening his stance as much as possible, opening his heart, showing his hand.
“I… no, I…” Eloquence slips away from Sherlock’s constricting throat. Hearing John and Rosie is helping, but enough of his anxiety must be seeping through.
“There hasn’t been any appointment, John,” Sherlock replies casually, without lifting his eyes from the newspaper he’s tearing into small bits on the desk (John assumes a ‘don’t ask, don’t tell’ at this behaviour for his own peace of mind).
Yet, a part of John will always be scattered on the pavement off Barts and buried in this empty grave.
The moment he steps in the living-room, Sherlock is pouncing on him, a predatory smile plastered on his face. “I have the most excellent news,” and he looks so happy, John’s heart clenches a little bit in his chest as if trying to grab the waves of euphoria Sherlock is emanating. Before John can ask what the good news is, Sherlock opens the palm of his right hand.
John can feel his heart drumming in his chest and wonders briefly if the systole-diastole dance is visible on the outside. A ridiculous notion, for sure, but the uncertainty is there nevertheless. He cannot blame his fast heartbeats on the jogging now.
John looks at Sherlock’s reflection. Their eyes meet in the mirror but instead of the alert, quizzical look they exchanged in the car, there is a hint of mirth and playfulness from Sherlock. John tries to collect himself.
driving skills couldn’t be going any better. Molly is a fast learner, and she quickly adds several evasive manoeuvres to her otherwise defensive driving. John is impressed to see that in a pinch, Molly will be able to do rather complicated acrobatics, some worthy of stunt men right out of Hollywood; for example, she is now able to execute a smooth powerslide with the limo, something hard to achieve even with a normal-length car. They’ve also timed – and improved – how fast she can drive away after he jumps into the backseat, as one would do if the need for a fast escape arises.
With the most nonchalant expression he can muster, John replies, dead calm, “He’s alive. And that’s all I’m telling you.” He slides his gaze away from Mary only to realise Brook’s hand is now on Sherlock’s waist. And Sherlock doesn’t seem to mind this at all, as he looks quickly from Brook’s animated talk to John with an unreadable expression, then back to Brook with a widening smile.
“Just a jog around the place. Or is that not allowed according to your security rules?” Sherlock raises an eyebrow but there’s enough lightness in his question for John to understand he isn’t being sarcastic. And John gets it. Images of Sherlock collapsed onto his shoulder in the back of the limo, huddled and fragile, float into his awareness.
And then, John remembers. A thought buried long ago crystallises in his mind. He fetches his laptop and starts searching.
No way Sherlock will allow their paranoia to interrupt this moment. He lifts a hand, telegraphs a firm ‘stay where you are’ with one look and gracefully incorporates the whole gesture into his dancing while Irene hesitates and finally holds back. He feels bold, egged on by a newfound confidence in his independence, powerful over the audience, the staff, the world. Instead of ignoring the intruder, Sherlock dances around him, sensual and erotic; the crowd’s reaction spurs him on.
Sherlock dumps a cup of yogurt into the blender and clamps the lid down forcefully. His lips pursed, he speaks between clenched teeth, “There is something you lot aren’t telling me. I hate not knowing.” His eyes don’t leave the blender as he starts it, drowning out the kitchen with a deafening noise.
Richard does not break eye contact until it becomes impossible to keep his neck twisted back as he walks further into the noisy room. Irene walks behind him, close enough to make sure Richard is in fact leaving the party. Richard meets Mary and all but drags her by a wrist, a confused look on her face, with Irene shadowing them out of the room.
It’s one in the afternoon and they’ve just come back from a case.  A case involving a dead father who conducted the orchestra at the Old Imperial Theatre, and a deranged motor cyclist which had very much left John out of breathe and up the whole night.  They just reached Baker Street in the early afternoon after a mountain of paperwork.
Mary takes his hand in hers and squeezes.  John nods once, then looks to her.  He’s been looking to her for guidance a lot lately, it feels like.  She has saved him in many ways, which is why the small box is burning a hole in the breast pocket of his jacket.  He nearly just wants to get it over with, because he can’t lose anyone else, certainly not her, the woman who put him back together.
After the whole kissing in the hallway incident, John found himself looking up Sherlock Holmes and the hundreds of success stories and solved cases thanks to the great detective. It was honestly daunting. The man had been working with Scotland Yard long before he had done the whole saving royalty bit, and he also had a website that listed all of the cases he had solved outside of the Yard as well. The website was a bit pompous as well as silly. Sherlock listed his solved cases right alongside an essay on over two hundred different types of tobacco ash. John chuckled to himself as he read the through, amazed that such an intelligent man would think that anyone would find this remotely interesting but was entirely endeared nonetheless.
John sighed as Phillip walked away. Only a few moments later John heard footsteps once again and John groaned into his pillow.
Finally, he leaves, and Sherlock drops his façade of calmness and the look of horror on his face really does surprise John, at least a bit.  He cares for him, possibly more than he had thought.  Hope swells over just about everything.
“Darling, who is it? Janine called from the other room. She rounded the corner and John saw a beautiful dark haired woman smiling in Sherlock’s general direction.
Irene Adler dies on Christmas Eve.  John destroys Sherlock’s sock index on Christmas Eve.  Sherlock smoked a cigarette on Christmas Eve.
“In Russia…they caught me.  I ran but it didn’t make much difference.  They wanted to get information from me, so they…so they gave me those scars.”
“I think you two forget how lucky you are. I mean, two people who love each other like you do? The chances of that happening are one in a million. Aside from the famous detective, I have loved only two people in my life. The first was my girlfriend in university who ultimately broke my heart when she moved to Ireland, and the second nearly died in action and he is now a total recluse who leaves his home perhaps twice a year.”
Inside the cab, it’s quiet and serene.  The blurred lights of London stream passed them, and Sherlock looks entirely soft and beautiful.  John smiles at him and Sherlock smiles crookedly back, then lets out a giggle.  It’s fantastic and stupid.
His hand reaches down to John’s right side, below his ribcage.  He touches the other, newer scar that he had not dared to acknowledge earlier, and John knows exactly why.  Sherlock had not wanted Mary to be brought into it.  The same reason why John hadn’t traced the scars across Sherlock’s back.
“Oh please, you know me better than I know myself,” John replies.  He looks a bit more serious now and Sherlock knows that he means what he’s saying.  The idea that this could be true throws Sherlock off and he can feel himself giving John a confused look.
“I’m real,” Sherlock responds.  His mouth hangs open a bit, and he’s very close.  They’re on the sofa, and Sherlock’s coat is draped around him.  John realizes that it will be Sherlock’s birthday tomorrow.
“You know…how I’ve been,” John begins.  He’d told her about Sherlock’s death, how his best friend had killed himself in front of him, how it’d messed him up more than he could have imagined.  “And, it has been a long time, you know.  I really like you.”
A reporter in blue was chosen, and he smiled at Sherlock before he asked the question. John sort of wanted to punch him just for being there.
It was hurried, too quick, a childish type of touching, so eager they were they became like high school kids trying to screw before their parents got home.  With John’s hand on his cock and his mouth at his collar bone, Sherlock thought he might know what could make his mind stop working completely.
So of course when Mrs. Whitney asked John to go find her son in a crack den, John was more than happy to go.
John isn’t really looking him in the eye.  He has smiled and laughed a little when Sherlock had made a very stupid joke about John having to buy the milk again and John had sat on his bed and looked around his room with a soft smile on his face, as if pleased to be taking in his surroundings.  But he doesn’t look Sherlock in the eye.  He scratches the back of his neck and looks the other way.  Sherlock supposes that he just needs to adjust, that John will feel more relaxed in a couple of days.  Hopefully.
Sherlock wonders what he’s writing but doesn’t dare to even attempt a small glance down.  It would be wrong.  It doesn’t matter anyway.  John’s said enough.
Well, he hasn’t been drinking much in the past year, not after Sherlock died.  He’d forgotten how to hold his liquor.  Sherlock sits up quickly, the pokes at John’s back.
John ran a hand down his face, wishing he had the power to remedy the situation, even in some small way. Sherlock ran back up to the bedroom, cursing under his breath.
Does she imagine that they fuck every night?  That he’d possibly be able to do such a thing while still married?
“The last time you were in London there were some fairly graphic photos taken of you and a John Watson. Would you care to comment about those photos?”
He’s married.  He’s having a child.  His world still falls apart anyway, despite the facts.  He wishes he wasn’t so terrible all the time.
One of Sherlock’s eyebrows is singed off (it won’t grow back fully for another two weeks), his mouth is slightly agape, eyes wide, and hair crazed.  The flannel he was using is now thrown over his shoulder.  The toes are burnt to a crisp.  John looks at the clock.
The case does not go well.  Sherlock testifies but is kicked out.  Days later, Moriarty is found not guilty, and John can’t get the image of Moriarty beaming up at him, might as well have winked and all.
“Who was it?” Mrs. Hudson asked excitedly, setting down a freshly made cup of John’s favorite tea. “Was it someone famous? Oh John dear, could you imagine! Someone famous coming into the shop? Did you know that I once saw Elton John on the street? He smiled at me, he looked like he was very kind, though his glasses sort of made it difficult to see his eyes.”
“John that’s the stupidest thing you’ve ever said.  After everything…  I’m so in love with you sometimes it just feels like madness.  It’s made me sick.  It scares me, what I feel for you.”
Sherlock thinks to himself.  He looks around him, at the dinner that they ordered out and the bottle of wine at the center of the table that John had picked up out of the cupboard, where it had been sitting for years.  A bottle of red that, if Sherlock recalls correctly was purchased the day Irene Adler had showed up in his bed.  He wonders why John had pulled it out after all this time.
John immediately forgot all about Phillip. He forgot he was on the roof, and he forgot the time and day. Basil was the name of the gardener in the damned book Sherlock had bought. John’s mind went wild, and he could only see Sherlock’s face as he leaned in to kiss him. His eyes closed and mouth gone soft. John sighed into the thought, then came back to his senses. He had to call the Ritz.
“Later,” Sherlock says.  His face has changed, it’s darker now.  John licks his lips and smiles softly up at him.
Sherlock returns the favor happily.  He imagines how John would taste.  He imagines licking John’s cum off his own fingers, John whispering “You’re just obscene right now, look at you.”
“Hello,” said a voice.  A deep, kind voice.  John looked up from his pint and saw Ellis.  He patted John twice on the back, a sort of rhythmic, easy gesture.  John knew he probably looked all sorts of wound up.  Ellis motioned for the bartender and ordered.
Sherlock huffed out a laugh and nodded, clearly pleased with John’s answer. “You know I have thought about you often.”
“I hardly understand why anyone does it. Doesn’t mean I can’t enjoy it,” Sherlock confirmed, and took a bite of pasta.
She changes the conversation though, and it’s a good thing his pint is still half full, ready to be consumed.
“So you’re unattached, like me.  Good,” John says.  He is smiling slightly, and the light is hitting his hair in such a way that makes it golden.  It’s been a long time since someone has flirted with Sherlock but he knows what it sounds like.  He knows what it’s supposed to sound like and look like and he’s about ninety percent sure that John is flirting with him.  Sherlock narrows his eyes trying to focus and then lets the realization set in.  This could be amazing.  He knows he shouldn’t enter into this.  He knows he’s an addict and can’t be trusted to not completely and utterly fuck this up.  But God, does he want.
“I got shot,” John says simply.  He gives Stamford one of those dry-hardly-trying smiles, because he is in fact, trying.  Stamford convinces him to sit down.  He finds himself listening to Stamford ramble about Harry helping, saying maybe he could share a flat.
“You can’t stay in that flat John, it’s going to kill you,” Harry says, suddenly very matter of fact.
When Sherlock was small, before he ever knew about the joys and mercies of destroying his body with drugs, he would put his energy into creation.  He had always needed something to obsess over.  Science did just fine until it wasn’t enough. Cigarettes were fine until they weren’t enough. Helping solve crimes was fine until it wasn’t enough.  Coke was fine until it wasn’t enough.  Morphine was fine until it wasn’t enough.  Laying on shower floors unable to speak wasn’t necessarily fine but it happened often enough when Sherlock would go on a bender.  It wasn’t until rehab when someone asked him why he’d do it that he was forced to view the fact that he’d been trying to die for the past three years.  He wasn’t sure he had been aware of how sad he’d been always, it had just sort of grown into him and planted roots in some part of his bones.
Sherlock grabs him by the arm and puts him in a corner.  He messes up his hair and turns his coat collar up.
That night, when John had decided it was safe to leave his room to use the loo, he found his sister curled up over the toilet, reeking of fermented fruit, lips stained red.
“What I’m going to tell you is very important.  But I want you to know that I expect nothing of you.  I just want you to know, because you deserve to know,” John says carefully.  He closes his eyes just the once, then opens them, takes a deep breath.
“Sherlock, it’s going to be fine.  Like I said just keep it simple.  You’ll be done so soon, really.”
Christmas morning is strange.  John wakes up in his bed and he can tell what time it is by the way the sunlight hits the walls.  A trick he learned during his darkest time.  He gets out of bed and immediately packs his things—there’s no use letting it linger.
John opens the dictionary and the notecard falls out. The writing on it is a very dark black, the lines of the words thick.
"I know.  But I know my brother told you she's dead.  And you told me she was in a witness protection program because you thought I was in love with her."
“I like the flat. I’m not leaving it. And I may not have gotten rid of his things but his brother wanted to keep them. I could move out but I don’t want to leave Mrs. Hudson. I know it’s a bit not good. But I suppose I’m just not ready.”
played like a mantra in his head, overlapping any other thought.  Because of this he downed half his pint much too quickly.  He sighed heavily into his foam and ran a hand through his hair.  He needed a trim.  He hadn’t shaved in three days.  Christ.
“You’re going home now. We’re taking you home. Harry, stay here,” John heard his father say through the door.
Sherlock pushes his face into John’s chest and holds him around his waist.  John presses his lips to Sherlock’s forehead.
It’s been two months, and they’ve walked from dinner to Mary’s flat.  She’s put her arm in his, placed her head on his shoulder, and when they arrive at her door, she kisses him.
“Yes, well, like I said. My brother is not knowledgeable in all subjects. With regard to relationships, my brother knows very little. I know my brother very well. I know what he’s like, and I have never seen him be the way he is now that he has met you. Do you see what I’m saying?”
“Absolutely not,” Mary replies.  John moves his mouth down a bit, toward her neck, and Mary inhales sharply.
“When I first met you, you know, I waited to ask you out, because I didn’t think you’d say yes,” she says, taking a sip of gin and smiling into her cup.
But John had immediately wanted to return when it was all over.  Sherlock hadn’t anticipated it.  He had expected John to be angry.  He had expected John to grieve the loss of a child that was never his to begin with.  Instead he had asked Sherlock, so hesitantly, if he could come home.  As if the question ever needed asking.  As if the answer could ever be no.
“Of course she can tell,” Sherlock says.  He’s wearing the coat today, always the fucking coat.  He’s sitting in his chair tonight, the coat falling over his lap.
John feels his body go numb but his heart just hurts like it did two years ago, like it’s happening all over again.
Now, however, he lets the idea wash over him.  He enters his mind palace easily and lets the fantasy unfold.
Getting kidnapped is not fun.  It’s happened before but this really takes the cake.  John had put on (unsurprisingly, but unintentionally) his date jacket, his nice shoes, had shaved, and now he was getting thrown into the back of a car.  Typical, really.  Sherlock hadn’t even been back twenty four hours.  John wishes he minded even a little.  He’s asleep for a long time, an wakes up only to the smell of smoke.  When he realizes where he is and what’s happening to him, his voice won’t work properly to scream for help.  He passes out again from smoke, only to awaken to a blurry vision of what appears to be his fiancé and Sherlock standing over him.
John takes Sherlock’s hand.  It’s cold and he hates it.  It reminds him too much of James lying in a hospital bed.
Of all the times John imagined, fantasized, dreamt, of Sherlock coming back into his life, all he had ever thought he would do is kiss him.  Kiss him until all of his breath was gone and then he would hold him, and whisper to him, sweet, insipid words.  It should have been like coming home and it just hurt.
It had been just a scratch.  It looks much worse than it is.  He’s on the ground more so because of his fall.  He’d been tripped.
Every day ended with sand in his every crevice, between his toes, and in the already developing wrinkles in his eyes.
Mrs. Roberts is no longer simply passed out but is also convulsing on the floor.  The nurse gets on her knees, trying to open Mrs. Roberts eyes.
