A few neighbours mill about – faces John doesn’t recognise, voices he can barely hear. Everyone is murmuring to themselves and each other.
“Far superior to your ‘current events’ attempt,” Sherlock digs at him, and John’s laughter turns breathless.
brother.” John is just compos mentis enough to hear the crowing in Sherlock’s voice over keeping Mycroft in the dark. Meanwhile, Sherlock continues: “So unless your natural heart rate is only now presenting itself, you may wish to calm down, as I can see your pulse fairly thrashing in your throat. Tell me, do you have gills?”
John throws a hand out to pat the top of the bedside table, realises it is empty, realises Sherlock said ‘in’ not ‘on,’ and then hoists himself halfway up to actually open the drawer and thrash his hand around inside.
Sherlock’s nails scrape against John’s scalp and nape, his hands shifting to get between John’s back and his vest, and John groans into Sherlock’s mouth – kisses him and kisses him until it seems that all of Sherlock has poured back into the crucible of his hot mouth, ready to be cast into John, to shape something new in the spaces between and within their lips.
John takes himself in hand, holds his cock in place as he guides Sherlock down. He plants his feet and pushes up into Sherlock, and now all the lube and prep pay off, because Sherlock gasps but doesn’t flinch or wince as John’s cockhead slips through first, only breathes hard and fast and pushes back until he’s sitting in John’s lap, held in place by John’s hands and cock.
One long, pale arm reaches out and pulls a jumbled pile of sheets and covers onto them both. “Fix them,” Sherlock commands sleepily, chin-nodding at the sheets.
John shrugs. “Everyone is slightly different, and besides. I hardly think we can use the average Tide cycle as any sort of guide, considering I’ve come into mine so late in life, and with a human, at that.”
If John is honest, he’ll admit he hadn’t really expected them to know each other so well – which…well. It’s not that he
They break apart, panting, and John says, “Bloody hell,” and Sherlock says, “Fuck,” and John is glad he’s got something to hold onto just then, even if it is the very thing giving him weak knees at that moment.
John snorts and gives him a brief squeeze. “Stopping you from being a prat,” he says with a smile. “Let’s play the game and solve the case, yeah?”
“Good?” John lifts both hands, takes Sherlock’s head in both hands, runs his thumbs along those cheekbones. He can’t seem to get enough of this, of feeling Sherlock, holding him.
The table covers his flagging erection, and the barest wetness of pre-ejaculate isn’t even close to bleeding through his pants to his trousers; Sherlock had long ago learned to mitigate his body’s autonomous arousal responses in public. He can feel dampness in the pits of his arms and his upper lip, but otherwise knows he appears bored, disinterested.
John wants to say something cheeky about how those two commands technically cancel each other out, but he settles for a quirked grin and raised eyebrows.
“No,” Sherlock answers too quickly, catches himself, swallows, and then says, “No, that won’t be necessary.”
Sherlock swallows against the tightness in his throat, has to look away - but then there’s warmth against his wrist, pulling his attention back, and that heat slides down to press against his palm, wriggling until it’s laced with his fingers, and they’re holding hands now - and Sherlock isn’t sure when he decided to move on to the touching stage of the fantasy. It seems disjointed, unbalanced. It is simultaneously behind and ahead of schedule, but perhaps it is still plausible?
“Budge up,” John says, voice a touch huskier than before. “Come on, get in with me,” he says as he clambers under the rumpled sheets. His jeans fall to the ground with a clatter and soft
It’s on one such night when John is away that Sherlock decides to spend the rare treat and torture of time alone on the couch, not smoking, not playing his violin, not distracting himself from the existence and absence of John Watson.
John swallows, sniffs in a breath. “Hhh,” he tries. It’s supposed to be ‘Hey.’ John coughs shallowly.
Sherlock shakes his head, mute, pressed close enough that the motion simply presses his cheek and jaw against John’s neck more firmly. John isn’t quite sure what Sherlock’s disagreeing with, so he just presses on:
“I’m making sure there’s no sand anywhere…inconvenient, Sherlock,” John husks, head tilting back, because even though the stroking has a definite and extremely practical use, its effect is undeniable. Every stroke fills him with heat and want, until he has to let some of it out, has to pour and press it back into Sherlock’s skin with his fingers, with his lips, with any available patch of skin. He gets his mouth on Sherlock’s left nipple, tonguing and sucking even as his less occupied dorsal tentacle threads itself between Sherlock’s legs and nudges up against Sherlock’s testicles and begins to shift back and forth, slowly, and undulating pressure, the friction cut by the tentacle’s slippery skin.
They both stand and watch the waves come in for a bit. For all that it’s just a beach, the sound is soothing and refreshing, the salt and the sun somehow replenishing, despite John’s interrupted sleep.
John is young when he’s first told not to swim too far. “The sea is deep and dark,” they say, and that does it.
“HhmmJohn?” Sherlock’s voice is a blurred buzz against John’s neck still, and instead of pulling away, he seems intent on suffocating himself against John’s skin. Even his hips dig in closer, shifting purposefully before hitching forward with a little pelvic shuffle.
“Whose fault is that?” John asks – but he’s grinning, can’t seem to stop. “Tell you what – next time, no matter what, we’ll get ourselves to the bed –”
“Oh god, oh god, John – please, oh god –” Sherlock writhes in his hold, and John can feel that he’s close, see it in his twitching cock and quivering muscles and flushed skin.
John opens his mouth, shuts it, then shakes his head and shrugs. His hands are still clasped behind Sherlock’s back – which means that neither of his hands is responsible for the soothing strokes he’s been trailing along Sherlock’s skin.
John’s mouth falls open. “No?” he ventures. “I wasn’t planning on it – oh, god, do you want me to?” The thought that Sherlock might not want him to stay after he found out hooks into John’s chest and
Sherlock’s mouth is warm, wet, pulsing with life, bathed in air, in breaths, and John swallows them down past his gills, wants that air diffused inside, inside – and those sounds, too, while he’s at it. Sherlock’s voice is dripping out of him in little bits, high pitched and needy, with a deeper undertone, an intermittent roll of darkness that seems to resonate in John’s bones, and John can’t get enough. He wants every drop of sound, every brush of contact, every inch of skin, of Sherlock –
“There’s nothing wrong with my shirts or their buttons,” Sherlock says, indignant, and John leans forward to inhale against the newly exposed V of Sherlock’s chest.
“Oh good,” John says faintly, not sure whether Sherlock meant that to be reassuring, or somehow sexy, because it fails spectacularly at both of those potential objectives – and at the same time it doesn’t matter at all. Sherlock unapologetically being himself mid-coitus is the most arousing thing John can think of, and noting the anti-inflammatory properties of an arousal-triggered excretion is a perfect example.
Mouth dry, John makes do with a few sips from the tap, pulling a face at the subpar flavour (Sherlock’s arousal tasted
John laughs, braces himself with his forearms, doesn’t bother untangling their limbs, because kissing is more important, taking Sherlock’s lips and tongue and tasting what is offered. Their skin drags together, a sumptuous, full-body friction –
John wants to ask, “Everything alright?” because he normally does, and he would right now, if he could, but he’s busy right now not asking questions. He can’t, not until he feels out the one that has to happen first. He thinks he manages a, “Mhm,” in response to Sherlock’s suggestion, but either way he follows when Sherlock leaves, and that should be answer enough.
John can’t help the giggle that escapes, and shakes his head. “They’ll start playing Top Forty again in a minute. Had enough of that before you got here.”
“Go to sleep, you,” John says at last. “You’ll want to be rested come morning,” he promises, and Sherlock raises an eyebrow at him.
Letting loose a laugh, John hops down into the shallow water, landing with a splash, and Sherlock follows, coat flaring and then hanging just above the water’s shifting surface. Inside, reflected light from the water’s surface dances against fine veins of some shimmering mineral in the rocks, and the sea’s breathy hush is close, amplified without being overbearing. The sand is silky soft against their feet, the water clear, continually replaced by gentle waves.
The body underneath his fingers pushes up into that touch, seeming to search out more contact – then freezes, still and tense, and John knows Sherlock is finally awake. Very much
There’s a sweet ache in John’s chest that has nothing to do with the fever. He wants to say something, but before he can decide on what, his body decides on coughing. The laughter seems like a bad idea now, but he’s stubbornly refusing to acknowledge that finding.
“Not like this.” Sherlock swallows, and for all that he’s on top, could claim some space between them, he presses closer instead. “I’ve – I’m not a – I have had – but not –”
John had thought it a sort of whimsical biological quirk, an unnecessary precaution for a species that never left deep water – but recently it had proved more useful than that. Knowing his distance from the sea had helped Sherlock find him just five weeks ago, when he’d been snatched in an attempt to coerce Sherlock into dropping a case. (It turns out ‘the cellar has no windows, is a bit damp, and is made of some kind of lime-y clay blend’ doesn’t give genius consulting detectives much to work with – but add in ‘oh, and it’s less than two hours’ walk from the nearest body of saltwater,’ and suddenly finding John is ‘elementary’ and ‘quite simple, really’ and so on).
When he lets the fingers of his left hand dip below the waist of Sherlock’s trousers, Sherlock arches against him, brings their mouths together again into a searing kiss, unyielding in its intensity, just like the man himself. When they break for air, Sherlock takes John’s hands and guides them to open his trousers.
“We –” John begins, and Sherlock is leaning forward, now, almost sitting, one slip away from sprawling onto the carpet and John, “We should – we could – oh god, Sherlock, please let’s get to a bed –”
“Well – I mean,” John begins, but then Sherlock hooks John with a leg and an arm and turns over so that John ends up sprawled half on top of Sherlock, towels and all. John makes a most dignified squawk under the circumstances, but that doesn’t have much of an effect. “Sherlock, what –”
“Sherlock, we are not sneaking away from the tour to go skinny dipping – do you even listen to yourself sometimes?”
John knew they were close to the ocean (and therefor the beach) – but knowing the sun rises in the East is a little different to waking up with a blinding eyeful of light.
of danger,” his family and elders say, desperate to put him off. It’s one of the many marks of their failure to know him that they think this will dissuade him. “These feelings will settle,” they say, and, “You belong here.”
Sherlock’s body helpfully freezes, and his mouth falls open around a startled “John?” as his heart clutches and thrashes frenetically.
Beside him Sherlock huffs, but doesn’t say anything. Carlton notices and nods at him. “So, Sherlock, is it true? Do you never make the tea?”
Sherlock just about submerges half his head and holds very still for a long moment, frowning. “I can’t –” he says, but then, obviously, he
Still, it’s one thing to lead John along with texts and vague plans, but to land him alone in a mass of strangers, in a setting he doesn’t care for is something else altogether. The more John thinks about it, the more he realizes there’s hardly a need to get dressed up and go out for studies on the nature of the Watsonian temper. Those sorts of tests can be (and have been) conducted at home with the aid of loud noises and unpleasant smells. If the club were any less crowded, John would think that Sherlock is ensconced somewhere, observing his thought processes, but the movement and press of people obliterates any clear lines of sight before they can even be established.
At least, it all seems very simple until John remembers that the questions themselves will be prying, and that he’ll have to answer them – and guess at Sherlock’s answers – in front of an auditorium full of strangers.
. and there’d been sleep and then an alarm, so there’d been thrashing and half a memory and the mad scramble out the flat (all of which had jarred the hour or so of sleep he’d managed out of his system) and now here is this man asking – asking –
“More,” Sherlock breathes, and John’s throat aches to hear that gasp. Sherlock clings to John’s shoulders. “Now, if you please –
There’s touching, then, lovely, languid, and distracting. There’s a bit of teeth, quite a lot of tongue, and it isn’t until sometime later that they realise they have, yet again, failed to move from their spot in front of the fire, on the floor. There’s laughter, filling the air, hands grabbing and wrestling and tickling.
.” John grins at that, and it becomes a beaming smile. He holds out a hand for Sherlock to take, and he does, his water-chilled fingers wrapping tightly around John’s.
Carlton gives the audience a look – half of which is chuckling, and half of which is murmuring in a concerned fashion. “As for you Sherlock? Care to share a fault?”
“Afghanistan or Iraq – a simple question really.” That voice is clipped and smooth as polished mahogany. Posh as mahogany, too.
But it seems as if Sherlock has other plans – or perhaps had them all along. John frowns as he shuffles his loafers against the sand’s all-at-once familiar and unexpected shifting surface. He should have known Sherlock had something up his sleeve when he suggested renting a car for the trip up there and back, and then insisted on taking the scenic route.
John’s legs are both wrapped around Sherlock’s now, keeping them locked together as they shift, shunting and thrusting against one another. There’s hardly any space, not a moment’s retreat as they move together, coil each other tighter and tighter about the tipping point, neither cresting – but then John remembers, or rather, his palms do, and he lets his left hand gather a fistful of curls, tightens his grip so there’s a hint of a tug.
“I know, I know, I’ve got you, I’ve got you – oh god you – you’re gorgeous, oh fuck –” John pushes into Sherlock a few more times, watches as Sherlock shivers and twitches, going limp in the aftermath of his orgasm –
, but John had also been exceedingly relieved to have the case solved – because that meant rest was no longer out of the question.
– of each other and of themselves where the other is concerned. John’s never had that with anyone before – not even Harry back when they could have been twins. It’s a stunning little realization and leaves John more than a little breathless –
John’s arms are around Sherlock now, holding him close, and he feels the tremors again. “Cold?” he asks between kisses, between breaths. The waves push in steadily, a little higher now, and John’s blood and bones tell him that tide is coming in, slowly, inevitably. “We can go back up on dry land, or –?”
After a moment Sherlock stops, and they wait in silence. Sherlock shifts his weight, and the silk of his robe sighs against the cotton of the sheets. John’s fingers itch to touch, but fever is a leaden weight in his arms, an effective restraint.
John’s thumbs tighten where they press, and his jaw clenches, and it seems he disagrees, but all he says is: “I wish I’d met you sooner.”
Sherlock tilts his head back to clear his airways, opens his mouth, and tries. After a moment of strange struggle, his throat working against him, he manages a gasp, and then another, and after a few more he focuses on breathing like a normal person and lets his eyes fall shut under cover of recovering his breath. It takes longer than he’d like. “I…am not sure…what just happened,” he confesses at last, and it costs him several more deep breaths that feel futile at best.
He’s on his side now, pitching forward fast into sleep. “Thank you,” he says, and he wants to say so many other things, but he’s mumbling already over the familiar shapes of ‘thank’ and ‘you’ — and the words he has in mind are wholly new territory. He’ll need to be well-rested to traverse them, to keep from stumbling.
With a harsh cry, John comes, hips kicking up against Sherlock’s weight, and bloody hell he hasn’t come this hard, this much, in a very long time, and oh Christ – “
Sherlock tucks his head into the crook of John’s neck, bathes the skin there with a sigh. For a moment John thinks Sherlock actually listened to him, but then:
Sherlock snorts, then frowns. “Does anyone else know? About this place?” He runs a finger down along the rock, avoiding barnacles and mussels lower down.
Sherlock wonders what it would be like to extend the shared portion of their days to include the earliest parts of morning, the latest parts of night, the first and last sleepy blinks of sight.
The intensity of release fades, like it always does, and Sherlock can breathe and think again. He stops breathing John’s name.
–” Sherlock’s peeved little gasp is worth the on-lookers’ bewilderment – “the once you had me do it you sulked for three days because I’d ‘upset your mould cultures,’ so now it’s exclusively your job, and –”
The light in the bathroom is too bright for a moment, and then John can see again. And what he sees is an absolute dearth of towels. “Sherlock?” he calls.
“Yes, John,” he says quietly, fervently. “I am.” His eyes flutter. He frowns slightly, shifts, and John feels a warm flush of his mixed come bathe his legs before clouding into the water, and Sherlock groans. His eyes twitch behind his lids, once or twice, and then he opens them, blinking muzzily.
John had wondered, then, if Sherlock had noticed that association, the pattern in his relationships: cocktails and conversation, dinner and snogging, red wine and sex.
So now, bottle once again in hand, John wonders what could have happened that day, what would have happened, given slightly different circumstances.
They just fucked and now he blushes because John expects to sleep next to him, because John isn’t running off – to the loo or his room or the next country over –
In front of John there is sand and sea and Sherlock – and it’s Sherlock that clues John in that they’re not in any sort of danger: he’s standing a little ways away with his shoes and socks off, his long, wriggling toes rooting into the sand, while the rest of him is still the picture of posh, city propriety – suit and coat and all, despite the steadily warming day. Behind him, the morning sun is striking the inky blue water, and it becomes a series of silver slivers laid over a deeper darkness, to the effect that Sherlock is outlined in light and shadow, backlit by the sea.
Sherlock takes the thermometer. Instead of saying anything, he just holds the display for John to see, doing a poor job of controlling the smirk on his face.
. It wasn’t a detail that they’d discussed much – John remembers telling Sherlock to just do as he pleased, still grumbling about being talked into this mess, and, well, he’d assumed –
Sherlock knows because there is more light, more space in which to breathe, the John Effect extending even to the kitchen. He wants to sit and soak it in, or go into the room where John is and let everything about John seep into every part of him -
“We need to get you out of the water,” John murmurs, wonders if he’s allowed to care for the man in his arms now that the Tide is receding.
Their dancing devolves somewhat, after that – Sherlock has his hands on the small of John’s back and the nape of his neck, and John has himself two lovely handfuls, and they’re quite a bit closer than the tempo of the song would allow, if they were paying attention to such things.
They start moving together, and they move closer, and it’s a bit awkward, in the way that all first dances are a bit awkward. Then it stops being awkward, because that’s what first dances are for.
“…was it – was that –?” Sherlock falls silent, looks up at John, and his heart is raw behind the casual façade John can see on his features.
“Only if you drive according to road regulations – I don’t fancy the idea of getting stopped for speeding while I have my kit out.”
. With practiced ease, Sherlock erases the distractions, one by one, and then replaces them - setting and sounds and people.
Sherlock shakes his head, bites his lip. “Haven’t bought any in ages – there didn’t seem to be a need.” His cheeks colour even deeper, shading closer to crimson.
Then the kiss stops being soft, and everything grinds back into motion, hips and thighs getting in each other’s way.
“Urhhhh,” John says, rather eloquently, he feels, undoing his seatbelt. After two botched attempts, he manages to make his hands coordinate to push the release button and pull the strap in a useful way, and then he’s finally stumbling out of the car, his feet sinking –
Instead of giving into temptation, John tries for casual as he answers: “I wouldn’t say Sherlock has one – it’s not really his area, fantasy. He’s much more interested in reality than idle dreaming.”
It’s Christmas, and Sherlock is sitting at the kitchen table with Mycroft while Mummy peels root vegetables in preparation for Christmas lunch. It could be a scene from his childhood if it wasn’t for the Armani suit on his body and the extra thirteen pounds on his brother’s.
“What happens now?” Sherlock asks, and his voice is quiet, fact-gathering mode, and John huffs out a laugh.
Time for thoughts like these, however, is rare and growing rarer; John seems to hover about more, work less, and doesn’t linger at pubs on the odd night out with Lestrade or Stamford. He doesn’t pull at those pubs either (not that Sherlock can see) and that’s fine, or it would be fine, but for the waiting waiting
John can’t help it – he’s blushing even before the question comes to a close. “Oh god,” he mutters, and tucks his hand over his mouth. Of the horrible scenarios John’s imagination had painted, this is by far the worst one, and it’s just been realized.
They slosh along, John coaxing Sherlock a little deeper every few paces, and Sherlock letting him – until John feels the sand beneath his feet grow just a hair finer; the pebbles only lie on the surface now, pillowed on softer, whiter sand. “This,” John says, bending low to snatch a handful of sand and silt and pebbles. He holds it so Sherlock can take a sampling and smear it between his fingertips. “This feels…right.”
-else. Somehow, instead of frantic friction and animalistic orgasm-chasing, there’s this: laughter and eye contact and talking. Kisses and finger touches.
“Yeah?” John breathes, and Sherlock is back, like a wave breaking over John, kiss after kiss making skinfall – lips, jaw, cheek, chin, every touch warm and tender – and John’s name falling from those lips each time they lift away, Sherlock’s eyes closing only to snap fiercely open again, as if afraid of missing one moment.
In the bathroom he stares at himself for all of thirty seconds, shakes his head, and then snatches up what he needs. The tub still holds their water, their shared Tide, and it takes no small amount of willpower to keep from bending over the ridge of the bath to dip his mouth and take a few, last gulps. But getting even more caught up in Sherlock isn’t going to help anyone, so John steels himself against that act.
John’s finger is slick and cool against his perineum, warming as it slides lower, insistent as it begins to press tiny circles against the whorl of Sherlock’s anus, and Sherlock’s done this much to himself, but the absence of efferent copy means every little nuance is new and unexpected, his nervous system struggling to anticipate and failing, falling into reaction after reaction, little cries and twitches, his legs tensing, his hips jerking.
There’s a half-hearted effort to find pants, which becomes a thorough tussle over robes, which somehow leads to a mostly-naked race to the living room. There’s laughter and snogging, grabbing and holding.
John’s hands ruck up Sherlock’s shirt even as their mouths meet again, teeth clicking, lips smearing as they try to walk backwards, sideways, with a bit of a turn, maneuvering out of their clothes and through the room, and into Sherlock’s bedroom.
John’s first thrust is shallow, but he gets his hands – and Sherlock’s hips – involved in the next one, so it’s slow and deep, a thorough pull and press, almost all the way out, then all the way back in. The next thrust John works to tuck Sherlock’s hips forward a bit, and Sherlock quivers with the strain, but cries out as John’s cock moves over his prostate.
Sherlock thinks, and with that absolves himself, removes himself, and it’s not difficult to do this, to retreat, to imagine, even surrounded by the bustle of the kitchen and his family and
Sherlock stiffens, falls silent for one stunning moment, and then collapses back into the sheets, into sound, his hips jerking as
His turn to speak, and for a wild moment John has no idea to say. A glance at Sherlock’s face – half quizzical, half encouraging, and he manages: “Fine, just fine.” A smiles slots into place behind the words, and it seems that’s enough for Carlton, because he turns back to the audience and begins to explain the game.
“Obviously, hmm?” John asks, leaning in again to taste Sherlock’s skin. He wants to soak in this, the slow reveal and gift of Sherlock, is skin, his want.
“You’re…um.” He glances at John’s groin, and John looks down to see his cock making an ambitious attempt to harden. It gives a half-hearted twitch.
“I,” Sherlock manages. He shifts a little, “I – ah –” and John groans as Sherlock’s body takes him in just a little deeper.
It develops slowly, develops deeply, and John struggles with it, with this new pull, because it’s impossible and he can’t expect Sherlock to understand or even sympathise. He tries to hide this new facet of himself as best he can, but he knows his behavioural patterns shift, knows it’s only a matter of time before Sherlock notices.
John takes a step forward, squinting past the light to see that Sherlock’s shoulders are up and forward, his lower lip reddened from where he’d been worrying it – one of the few tells John has managed to decode as having to do directly with John. “Sherlock?” he asks. He feels he’s missing something, and while that’s not a new feeling, this time it seems important in the way that traces of ash or dog hair are not.
“So….you don’t – you don’t want this?” Sherlock asks at last, gesturing at the grotto, at the water slowly filling it. “You don’t want something else?” His whole body is stiff, tense as he asks, “You’re sure?”
And besides, John had given up expecting to ever feel this way years ago, so there’s no reason to pay any attention to the signs at first.
“Good,” Sherlock huffs, and it’s a bit muffled, but John isn’t going to argue with the way Sherlock has pushed his face against John’s neck. “Good of you to finally see sense,” he amends. “I knew you wanted this. I saw you smiling just now,” he adds, as if
“John,” Sherlock gasps, and he meant to say ‘please,’ so it comes out sounding a bit garbled and strange, and John isn’t a figment of his desperate yearning, (not this time), so he stops, confused, and that isn’t what Sherlock wanted at all, but it’s so delightfully real that he closes his eyes and breathes, breathes John and this moment of tangible actuality in.
Sherlock surges forward, captures the rest of what John was going to say in a desperate kiss, falling to his elbows on either side of John’s head, his hands curling about and cradling John’s face, John’s skull. “I do,” he says, “I want – please John –”
–” John moans, and the sound of it shivers its way through Sherlock’s body, a tangible adularescence, better than he ever imagined it could be. The sound of it is light, filling him, and he finds the more light pours in, the more he can take, the more he wants to be filled to the brim. “Can we?” John is asking, muttering, “can we?” and his hands finish the question, no longer grasping and gripping but plucking at Sherlock’s robe and shirt.
have been expecting it, and there’s a bizarre moment where Sherlock’s arms literally cannot seem to decide what to do. So, very much more than slightly awkward then, but John has hugged a good many more people than Sherlock has, so he just waits it out, lets his arms find a good resting spot, and holds Sherlock.
“Stay,” John says, blurts really, his mouth taken over by the panic in his palms, his skin, at the thought of losing Sherlock’s closeness.
Now that he’s awake and paying attention, the grit of the sand (not a fine grain, but not quite coarse gravel, with a smattering of smoother stones, tan and rust and white all at once), the slightly sticky caress of the breeze (heavy with salt and moisture and the mounting heat of the day), the very sound the waves make as they rush in and
John puts the empty box on the bedside table, dirty fork tucked inside. “What?” he asks, shifting closer to Sherlock.
They’ve won, it seems – but John’s not interested. He’s back to looking at Sherlock, who’s meeting his gaze even as Carlton chatters excitedly, effusing about their success, consoling the runners-up, trying to shake John’s hand, and then sort of just seizing it and pumping it a few times before trying to do the same for Sherlock and finally settling for clapping him on the shoulder.
“What about – the other one?” Sherlock asks, and the both twist to look at the unsated dorsal tentacle, obviously turgid compared to its partner.
After a few steps, they both stop to roll up their trouser legs, the surf splashing and swirling about their bare ankles with gusto.
John's face falls slack when he sees it, instantly recognises it, and for a long moment he just stands and looks at it.
– and swallows some air down accidentally when he tries to breathe normally. “I thought you were going to be furious, but maybe not, now, seeing as –”
“And John? Throw us a bone here, man – is Sherlock right about you? Do you really have no secret fantasies?”
“Well,” John says around the sudden tightness in his throat. He feels his anger recede, fizzling in the face of
“Please reconsider,” they say as John prepares to leave, says heart-felt goodbyes, tearful ones, painful ones, but says them nonetheless, “– it’s a great wide world out there –”
John cries out, clutches at Sherlock as he comes, adding to the mess between them, adding his huffing gasps and groans to the air.
“Strange to open it after so long,” Sherlock murmurs, echoing John’s thoughts. He sets the bottle back down. A drop of wine traces the curve of the glass southward. Sherlock trails his finger up the trail the drop left behind, before picking up both glasses. “We should let it breathe.”
“Sit up, just for a moment,” John urges after several unsuccessful attempts at undoing Sherlock’s trouser closure. “And I’ll get rid of my jumper, while we’re at it.”
John lets his engorged tentacle slide home again, the splay of the base opening Sherlock as wide as possible to admit the swollen tip, and then they are joined, each in the other.
“Good?” John asks, breathless himself, and he laughs when Sherlock grins up at him, mouth barely able to form the shape around his panting.
“I’m fine,” John splutters, gasping, and his throat aches from the sudden switch, water for air, cool liquid for warm, dry gas. “Jesus, Sherlock, stop shaking me, I’m fine – must’ve dozed off.”
“John,” Sherlock pants as John gets a rhythm going, getting both their backs into it. “John – oh god – are you sure –?”
John nearly spills his tea laughing, and Sherlock goes from looking baffled to bemused, one or two illicit chuckles escaping the confines of his chest and shaking his laptop, making the light on his face dance, and it feels like John can breathe again.
But confusing and overlooking the indicators doesn’t change the fact that John’s Tide, decades late, finally arrives. It sneaks across his body like the neap swell it isn’t, and when John finally sees it for what it is, a spring tide and most definitely
,’ is most certainly not it. “I - ?” he blurts, then stumbles, stops, and tries to breathe around the tightness in his throat. He hadn’t planned for this – prepared or imagined for this to happen. What does one say when complimented on the feel of the inside of their arse? What would John want to hear? “Thank you?” he tries, and it sounds vulnerable and bewildered and unbearably accurate to his current state.
The sight cracks through John’s sleepiness, his vexation, his distraction – right down to the warmth of him. “Where the bloody hell are fire services?” John asks, taking off his robe and holding it out. After perplexed blink and a moment’s hesitation, the man accepts, wrapping it about his shoulders snuggly.
John turns, looking up in time to see Sherlock's eyes land on the bottle and snag there. After a moment, Sherlock blinks rapidly and looks up at John. He doesn't say anything, so John does:
John’s eyes snap up to Sherlock’s; he’s watching John, a question in his eyes. After a moment Sherlock looks away, and John takes a sip of his wine before asking one of his own:
John’s hand is against Sherlock’s cheek, turning him, and then John’s lips are against his, Sherlock’s mouth opening for John’s, and it’s warm and wet and breathless, and John says in between kisses, “You’re not surprised,” and Sherlock doesn’t answer, instead focusing on moving backwards until the bed bumps against the backs of his knees, and they tumble backwards into sheets painted warm and gold by improbable sunlight.
John’s bare chest against his is a shock, startling Sherlock’s hands into motion. They help push fabric from muscled shoulders, thumbs stroking over collar bones, and fingernails scraping down triceps and scapula, and John shivers against him, which is better than anything Sherlock could have conjured himself. John’s breath comes in little quivery gasps, too, and then their hands are jostling each other as John struggles with his belt and Sherlock tackles his zip, and Sherlock shouldn’t have glossed over this part in his daydreams, should have practiced this,
John laughs and shifts to sit up a bit, his tentacles repositioning to brace them both in this new position. “I was a little distracted earlier.” He frees up his hands and begins to wriggle the rest of the way out of his soaked denims. “We could also move up onto drier land,” John offers. “Or we could wait till we get home…?”
John–!” Sherlock squirms against him, in his grip, writhes as John’s tentacle expands inside him, filling with blood and water heated by his core until it is a firm and hot presence inside Sherlock. The end of the sheath arm splays to hold Sherlock firmly by the arse, kneading his buttocks and spreading him open ever so slightly as John’s penetrating tentacle stiffens – and only then the muscled length of it begins a shunting, shoving sort of rhythm, and the result is that Sherlock keens, penetrated shallowly and in quick thrusts. “How – oh god, oh god more, oh
Sherlock swallows until his throat will admit air and sound. “You mean it,” he manages. “You mean this. You –”
“Could have said it before,” John murmurs, and he shifts his hips a bit, still inside Sherlock, still hard and held in a yielding heat, “but I didn’t. I should have.”
He honestly doesn’t know how he got from running after Sherlock to looking after Sherlock to lusting after Sherlock – although ‘lust’ is one of those empty land words that falls short of what he wants to say, falls weak of what he actually feels.
Whatever the means, Sherlock would be upstairs, surrounded by the cool blue walls and white linens and picked-over bookcases and memories of his youth, all so much smaller than he’d thought them all those years ago. Everything less grand and exciting, much as the world had turned out to be…
After a minute, John leads the way to Sherlock’s bedroom, and Sherlock’s mind stutters though the logistics of that selection:
John, suppressing a huff of his own, had looked back and forth from Sherlock to the wine, trying to see which one had caught his eye.
“It’s fine,” Sherlock says, the tightness of his voice belying his sensitivity. “Your excretion seems to prevent inflammatory swelling.”
John’s lips twitch into a mirror copy. “That’s ‘cause you’re an idiot,” he says, and the small smile slides sideways into a bit of a grin.
– but it’s only the light from the streetlights outside his window, and Sherlock can’t stop the sound that chokes its way out of him, half laugh and half something much harder to bear, and then John has him pressed against the bed, is pressed against his lips, and Sherlock lets the sound out again, and he’d call it a keen if he’s being kind.
“Condom?” he asks, and Sherlock shakes his head, not trusting himself to speak. He’s clean, John’s clean, these are known facts. A slightly less rational consideration is that Sherlock wants, desperately, to carry John inside him, and this – this will do. For now. (
Sherlock shuts his mouth with a click, lifts his hands to his chin, and after a moment’s thought asks, “Why are
“Oh, is it?” John asks mildly. “I hadn’t noticed…” In actuality, he feels Sherlock’s being a tad unfair. The water’s no cooler than any other ocean he’s been in – and what’s more, it feels lovely on his skin, almost fizzy where it curls around and bathes his skin.
With a hoarse cry, John manages to lift and tilt Sherlock up and forward, tentacles and arms weak from a bizarre blend of orgasm and acute desire. Sherlock moans, tries to shift forward to help, but just slumps into John’s arms and fore-tentacles as John pushes up into him with his cock, replacing his spent tentacle and seating himself fully in one, smooth movement. Sherlock’s hands clench and stagger against John’s shoulders and back, a soft litany of “oh, oh –
“Sherlock, stop,” John says at last, shaking his head to try and focus beyond the awakening in his skin. “Nothing is
John can’t help the giggle that escapes him. “It’s probably one of my jumpers. He’s managed to burn two of them so far – I know that was you, Sherlock, don’t pull that face – but probably the Christmas jumper my sister knit me takes the prize. He can’t
“Oh.” Sherlock seems caught off balance, but there’s a warm little curl to his voice, the surprise obviously a pleasant one. “Oh good.”
“So, in other words, John’s tea is better simply because it doesn’t kill you? Remind me never to come ‘round for a cuppa!” The audience chortles faithfully, but it seems Sherlock can’t read stage show conversation cues any better than he can real life conversational ones.
"Problem?" he could ask, if John stopped, but maybe John would appreciate Sherlock being overcome by his touch and greater experience, maybe instead of stopping, he’d cry out, "
“No – not ‘wanting,’” Sherlock says then, voice tight, near breathless, and John’s heart stops, cut to the quick for the moment before Sherlock says: “ ‘loving’.” He pulls back, and John can see his eyes are red, his cheeks dry, the peculiar opposite of his sham tears. “Loving you back,” he reiterates.
“I’ll bet.” John’s mesmerized, watches for a bit longer. “Want me to fetch a towel?” He looks up to see Sherlock blushing. “What?”
Sherlock stiffens in an arch, his mouth open on a soundless keen for a moment – and then the silence shatters as Sherlock’s voice cracks into groaning, crumbles into rhythmic little ‘
so – I’ve known for a few days now and have yet to alert the National Science Academy or Baskerville or even my
He flashes a tight smile and lifts a hand from a pocket and sweeps it out to his side, indicating the beach around them. “Clean, quiet, and within walking distance of the duller necessities like food and clothes.” Sherlock pauses, then blinks at John when he doesn’t snort or roll his eyes, as he normally would at one of Sherlock’s jabs at basic survival requirements. A shadow creeps into Sherlock’s eyes, but John doesn’t have any sort of superficial reaction to give to Sherlock right now, too caught up in a flood of memories, moments and decisions he hasn’t revisited in years.
And that’s the way it would have continued, most likely, if – just as John had relaxed back against the mattress and the moment, ready to dip under again – Sherlock hadn’t shifted in response to John’s settling, hadn’t sighed out a little sound, so small and content that it slipped down John’s throat to coil about his heart and give a squeeze that felt like recognition, like reciprocation.
“I love you, John Watson,” Sherlock says, and it’s clear and determined and quivers just a bit on John’s name. Doesn’t matter, John’s already kissing the words out of Sherlock’s mouth, caught up in the flood of that sentence, of Sherlock saying it.
“John –” Sherlock begins, eyes widening, but then John places a hand against his jaw, and Sherlock falls silent. His eyes flutter closed for a moment. He takes in a half-breath.
“Um,” John says, and Sherlock notices that John is less crouching and more kneeling close by his side, his expression less panicked and more decisive, and maybe the night out had been less about pulling and more about thinking, because John’s breath smells of whiskey (which he takes neat, two fingers, nurses it forever, when he wants introspection) and not of beer (the darker bitters that he drinks when he wants to imbibe without getting drunk or breaking the bank, when he wants a good time). “Um,” John says, and kisses him.
“Is this part of the Tide?” Sherlock wants to know, his eyes roving over John’s new form. “You said you couldn’t access this form anymore.”
falls from his lips, continuous, his cock pumping come into the space between their bellies. John keeps rocking his body into Sherlock’s, doing what he can to draw out the sweetness of release for Sherlock, whose hands grasp and clutch, palms hot against John’s skin, and slick with sweat, their sweat, mixed, blended everywhere they’ve touched, are touching still –
Sherlock bites his lip though, shakes his head, cheeks flushed red, his hair a sweaty, salt-watery mess. “Actually, it feels – very –” he reaches down to touch it and gasps, doesn’t finish his sentence, just goes still, one had wrapped around his own cock, the other still holding onto John’s dorsal tentacle.
” His come stripes high up on his chest and stomach, his head tilts backwards, his fingers dig into John’s skin.
But there’s no time to come to terms with it; Carlton is asking the next question and Sherlock’s giving John a look, so John gives himself a shake and takes a breath and pays attention.
“Why are you back?” Sherlock asks, and oh god, he actually said that out loud. Apparently he’s not quite out from under the effects of the disorienting nap.
Their landrover is parked at the end of a track that does not seem very official – little more than a swath of browner grass and flatter earth. In the distance, back the way they came, John can just make out a chain gate hanging suspended across the track, and while he cannot read the sign, he’s almost certain it says something to the effect of ‘No Trespassing.’
"At the very least you should mount some of these on the walls," John continues. He stoops to gather the boxes up and arrange them back in the cupboard as he says, "With little placards, dating the time of the kill, and the percentage of pasta actually consumed –"
Sherlock nods against his neck this time, manages another sudden, sharp breath, and is silent again.
Sherlock’s soft moan sends thrills of pleasure along John’s skin, raising little bumps, making the three less occupied tips of his tentacles curl and twist like wriggling toes where they twine around pale limbs. “I –” Sherlock swallows. “I’m sorry I don’t have any,” Sherlock says in a rush. “For you. I am though. I am.”
John’s breath gets tangled on the way in, caught up in his throat and his heart and his hope; it seems everything has decided to form a lump right where he needs air to flow. He swallows, swallows again. “I don’t want to pretend,” he says at last.
“And the repercussions would last a lifetime. You think I’m that keen to be made a fool of in front of a live audience?”
and oh how he hates waiting. Also, John has yet to arrive, and since John is probably the only person who’s ever made Christmas bearable, his absence is distinctly noticeable.
But John only shook his head. Where the others of his age were feeling a pull towards one another and waking to the writhe and want of tentacles, he felt only an itch. It made his legs twitch in his sleep, made his toes curl into the softness of the sea bed. It made him ask forbidden questions, like: Why do we have feet? Where do they come from? Where do
Then again, that might be down to Sherlock, who – even when he isn’t laying out the finer points of a recent case or murmuring observations about the other diners for John’s ears only – is utterly captivating. John finds himself lost in the elegant line of Sherlock’s neck as he tilts his head to add emphasis to a point, in the refined curves of his fingers as they lift his wine glass, the soft play of his lips as he speaks, drinks, and falls silent –
And then Sherlock ruins the probable-loveliness of his words and the definite-beauty of his presence by saying: “And by ‘improbable’ I mean ‘not yet scientifically acknowledged.’”
Still – “Hope everyone got out alright,” – John says, out loud, for whoever wants to hear that sort of thing. But there’s no screaming and no crying, so it’s more for the look and sound of it. John shrugs against the cold and the pervasive, damp feeling of uselessness: the night (no sleep), the fire (not even flames to speak of), John (first night as a flat-sitter and the bloody thing might burn down).
,” John says with fond exasperation. “It’s a beach. Clean, yes, quiet, sure, and convenient – definitely. But it was – and is – just a beach.”
“Don’t be preposterous,” Sherlock chokes out, and then they’re kissing again, frantic, trying to stay ahead of the crush of the moment, and mostly succeeding. The wetness on their cheeks could just as easily be from kissing.
“They – Carlton and Raymond – it was a publicity stunt. Raymond contacted me to have me look into Carlton, said the biggest tip off would be during the actual stage presence – and – well –”
“Shall we?” John asks, and they help each other out of the grotto, walk hand in hand up the deserted beach, pick up their discarded shoes and socks, now full of sand, and get back into their landrover.
John follows, though, intent to return the favour and the feeling, and Sherlock trembles underneath John’s palms – he’s shifted to be just about chest to chest with John at this point – as John licks deeply into his mouth.
Maybe Sherlock had needed John out of the house for some objectional chemical mixing, maybe he wanted another chance at handling John’s gun – or maybe he’d fancied a quiet evening at home without John…
” Carlton turns and lifts his eyebrows for the audience to see – obviously expecting a fair bit of squabbling over the answers.
“Bossy,” John teases, finger now seated all the way, twisting, rubbing, feeling the muscles inside tense and slacken, hot, so hot. John pushes in a little, pulls out a little, sticks with that: quick, shallow in-and-outs, teasing the inside, easing the rim.
Spongy tissue has lifted away from his hips in four great lengths – broad where they attach (two above his sacral dimples and two just below his hip bones) and tapering down to thick tips. The back pair are a meter and half or so, the front ones only a meter at best. They match his skin for colour, albeit shaded brown along their centres, with suckers beginning to take shape, larger closer to his torso, growing finer towards the tips. He can see the slits at the ends of the two dorsal arms that expose pale, almost translucent flesh, delicate and water-logged. Water-hungry.
They are vined together, tendrilled and trellised, not moving now except to breathe, except to smear kisses into each other’s necks.
In its wake, it leaves a path of what most call destruction, but then most people are over-dramatic and romanticize hyperbole. It is far more accurate to call it ‘change,’ and that’s how Sherlock chooses to think of it anyway. (Thinking, is after all, a choice, and one so few people choose, and that’s the bitter rub of life. If the world really were full of goldfish, it would be forgivable, but instead it’s full of people pretending or wishing to be –
, John realises, knows where to lay the blame for some, if not most, of Sherlock’s fear: his Tide – or the lack thereof, rather.
His mouth is right by Sherlock’s ear, which means Sherlock’s mouth is right by John’s ear, and he sounds a bit lost as he asks, “John? What are you doing?”
“I wanted….different,” John says, trying to taste the words as he says them, trying to make sure they’re the right ones. This new vulnerability Sherlock seems to be offering – it’s important, and John is loathe to reward it with flippant answers. He considers carefully before adding, “I wanted…new.”
, the way that arch pushes their bodies together is damn near perfect, a hot flash of desire and touch.
His next breath startles him with its rush, and he lifts a hand to finish pushing the pasta boxes aside. They rattle as they topple, but John ignores the clutter and the clatter as his fingers curl around the neck of the bottle.
Once inside, John sets about packing the food away, and Sherlock produces a wine key from one of the five ‘anything goes’ drawers that were probably originally intended for cutlery or cooking utensils, but are now as much or more likely to contain shoes, baggies of lint, rusted safety pins in varying sizes, or tongue depressors.
This time the audience laughs with John, and Sherlock huffs, but it’s all fine. Carlton quizzes the other couples, and round one draws to a close.
Sherlock’s body is patterned with gooseflesh and shivers. It feels like he’s coming down with the fever: body sore, eyes aching, throat tight, mouth dry. He doesn’t quite realize he’s curling closer to John until John’s arms close around him, embracing him.
Sherlock’s hands cradle John’s face at the cheek and the jaw, and John’s hands are pulling Sherlock close, gripping tight to the lapels of his suit jacket.
A kiss brings him out of the well of his thoughts, a feather light brush of fingers against his jaw, and he finds he can look up at John. The storm of worry and nerves and care in familiar blue eyes cuts Sherlock’s panic in half, and for the first time he considers that he may not be the only one who’s thought of this moment before now. The thought leaves him breathless as much as the anticipation does.
,” John says, his mouth tugging into a grin. He ducks Sherlock’s suddenly airborne pants, swoops in for another kiss, and gets back to working on ‘anything.’
“Your answer, Sherlock?” Carlton sounds unsure as to whether he wants to hear what Sherlock wrote or not.
” Sherlock’s hands plunge into the full tub and grasp John by the shoulders, and hoist him up to the surface. He breaks into the air with a wet gasp, water pouring from his mouth and nose, hands coming up to latch onto Sherlock’s wrist in an effort to stabilize himself and calm the man shaking him. “John are you – are you –”
Sherlock comes with a surprised keen, a soft, almost delicate cry. His come is thin and bitterly metallic tasting, but John’s always liked having his come swallowed, so he does his best to do the same for Sherlock. There isn’t much, anyway, this go around.
John looks up. Sherlock’s gaze lifts from his fidgeting hands, meeting John’s after a moment, bright and steady. Sherlock tries for a smile then, John can see it in the corners of his mouth, one side lifting just a bit more than the other – and because he’s looking, he sees the quiver, quickly hidden by pursed his lips.
John watches Sherlock look everywhere but at John. He feels a pang, a hollow stab of uncertainty. He clears his throat. “Listen, if – if this isn’t –” he swallows, tries again: “If you don’t –”
“Three years, at least.” Sherlock tries for a smile, but it only shifts half his mouth, and one shoulder shrugs, and this is so much harder than he expected, and also easier, because John just lies beside him and breathes and runs his fingers along his arm.
, he decides, because why not? He’d never thought to include it before, preferring locations more to hand, but now proximity is in its favour. And besides, isn’t this some sort of normal-people-sex thing? Childhood bedroom fumblings validated by returning as a full-fledged sexual adult? Tedious, but maybe John -
“Say it,” John says hoarsely. “Say it, say it,” and his body thrashes with the need to hear Sherlock shape those sounds, those specific words:
John rolls his head to look down at where Sherlock lies against his chest, mouth still open, eyes half-shut. John’s skin is still buzzing from his orgasm. His hands have settled at Sherlock’s nape and the beginning of the small of Sherlock’s back. With a little bit of effort, he convinces them to move, to bring Sherlock in for a kiss before that great brain can spin any doubts as to how sure John feels now, after ‘anything.’ He takes his time kissing Sherlock’s panting mouth, his lips cool from his rapid breaths, licking in deep and languid, tasting as much of Sherlock as he can here, coaxing response after response from Sherlock’s slack mouth.
"Alright," Sherlock says. "Let's have it then. But, thanks to the passage of time, it is a rather different wine than the one we initially bought. I'm afraid we don't really have anything in that would do it justice as a pairing."
He works it open, covers his fingers, feeling the thick, slippery viscosity of the lubricant, spreading it to cover three fingers thoroughly, and then shimmies down under Sherlock to slip his hand lower, down past his twitching cock and behind his heavy testicles –
“Last chance, Sherlock,” John says, trembling from those two brief touches, from the change in Sherlock’s scent. “Please, please be sure –”
,” he says, and smiles into the next kiss when Sherlock shivers. “‘s a good look,” he murmurs against Sherlock’s neck.
The groan that pours from Sherlock’s mouth is honeyed sin, and he pools against John, seems to melt and mold to him. So John does it again – and again, keeps right on touching, drenching Sherlock in his touch, running his right hand up the back of his neck to rake down from the roots of his curls, along his spine to his sacrum.
Sherlock’s vocal cords seem to have stopped working this time, because a raw sound rips out and he pulls John crushingly close and just holds him, face buried in John’s neck. Each breath shivers out of Sherlock, and John lets his hands stroke and soothe what skin they find. He hears a mumble against his neck after a minute.
And while most of the time spent at home getting ready had been suffused with idle chatter-cum- reassurance that tonight needn’t be a 'big to-do,' he had felt gratified when Sherlock had spent even longer getting ready in the loo than John had (just a shave, after shave, and a bit of combing, and he’d been ready).
For that reason Sherlock doesn’t answer, and John moves closer, and Sherlock wonders if this time he’ll just turn and take John, surprise John’s lips with his own, open his mouth, and pour himself inexpertly into John with a rush of breath and taste and touch -
They both hiss as John slips free of Sherlock, and John feels the heat of his own come cloud into the water between his legs as it slips from Sherlock. After another minute, Sherlock lifts and turns his hips, sliding out of John, and John notices that the burn is not as intense as it could be.
Sherlock gives a high, shocked cry, and bucks against John, so of course John does it again, keeping his grip and shoving up against Sherlock’s cock with his own, an inelegant pressure that feels vibrant and primal and perfect –
“Prat,” John says, feeling just a bit unbalanced by their easy banter and familiar teasing – shouldn’t there be shouting or something?
Sherlock drops his eyes just a little, his teeth hinting at wanting to worry at his lower lip. “John –” Sherlock’s shoulders rise and fall with a deep breath. “It’s not an experiment.” Behind his words and his worry, Bowie keeps at it:
“Afghanistan?” Sherlock asks after an eye roll that erases the pleading from his face as if it hadn’t been there, a brazen bid at manipulation.
John snorts, grabs his pen, and begins to write. Beside him, Sherlock sits in thought for a moment and then bends low over his card.
Sherlock makes a strangled sound and pitches forward in John’s grip, seemingly boneless and rigidly tense all at once, incapable of holding himself up even as every muscle tightens in anticipation.
John laughs, delighted. He positions himself right over Sherlock again, watches him squirm and stretch, still reacting, still recovering, and god how John wants to lick into that primly pursed mouth. John swallows, hyper-aware of the taste in his mouth. “Can I kiss y–”
Sherlock’s hands loosen where they’ve curled into his clothes, try to push up John’s jumper, but John’s hands get in the way going after Sherlock’s shirt buttons. John ends up with his shirt and vest and jumper rucked up halfway, an annoying lump between his spine and the sofa cushions. He can’t be bothered to stop and fix it, though, because Sherlock’s shirt is open now, draping to reveal his chest: moon tan skin, dusky, peaking nipples, the complicated pock of his scar.
Sherlock is – well, he’s just plain gorgeous, really, John thinks, more than a bit smug. Sherlock’s thighs are lean and pale where John’s are sturdier and just a touch more tan; his hair is sparse and dark where John’s is a dark golden brown and much more prevalent. They both have thick thatches of pubic hair, Sherlock’s almost black to John’s dark blond.
John moans, lets slip the smooth stones of Sherlock’s name, and then Sherlock is turning off the shower and stepping into the tub, and water is sloshing everywhere, and there’s an awkward moment where they don’t seem to fit, but John’s tentacles drape over the sides, out of the way, and Sherlock kneels between John’s slightly bent legs.
Beside him, Sherlock sits ramrod straight, his curls tamed as if for court, and his eyes clear, cheeks smooth. John blinks and looks away, because honestly, the night will be trying and awkward enough without him staring at Sherlock for no good reason.
?” He says each word as if it’s an adventure in innuendo and intonation. John very much wants to make him eat those words – or a fist.
John thinks this might be flattering, if he could wrap his head around it, but he can’t – Sherlock is standing near, steaming his sun-baked-clean-sand smell, like the beach after rain, an
John lifts his head as Sherlock goes still beneath him. Sherlock starts to fidget as John just stares, drinking in the raw honesty on his face, trying to deal with the tightness in his throat. He swallows, clears his throat, swallows again. “I wasn’t lying either. About the pool.”
“It’s a red, Angelo. Not exactly a dessert wine.” Sherlock shrugs at Angelo, who waves his words away.
?” His tone is petulant and plaintive, as if he thinks the bloody audience will see his version of sense and perhaps disabuse John of his silly notions of food safe spaces.
John is, all of a sudden, wide awake, the last measure of that transition sliding into place all at once. His breath is caught in his throat, tangled up in the after image of the sound Sherlock just made, and the momentary struggle to pull in air past that tightness causes John to tighten his arms around Sherlock.
, John can almost hear those lips murmur. He jots down that answer, then freezes as he considers what
is always difficult. Sherlock wonders if they would talk, or if John would fall asleep - or maybe leave? Maybe he would want to clean the evidence from his body right away. Sherlock hopes not, but he runs through those scenarios dutifully, preparing just in case.
He's on the hunt for something to make for dinner, is scrounging through the cupboards, when he happens upon the graveyard of pasta boxes Sherlock still seems to create when left to his own devices. Behind seven boxes of pasta, all almost completely empty (
“Mrs. Hudson is out, so if – if we want –” Sherlock blurts, and John pulls him down, has to kiss him for that, for the break in his words, the drop in his voice, the way his hands tightened on ‘
“I’ll – I’ll call Angelo, let him know we’ll be by tonight,” he says, and then he’s gone into his room, door shut, and John is left in the kitchen with nothing to do but notice the effervescence of anticipation; nerves, and excitement all fizzing together in his veins.
But tonight the thoughts won’t settle in, won’t slink along their well-worn channels. Sherlock knows why, too, even if it’s the sort of knowledge he only glances at from the corner of his mind. He knows John didn’t accept an invitation from Lestrade or Stamford to meet up at a pub. Sherlock knows John didn’t go with colleagues from work or old army or footy mates. Sherlock knows John went alone, and if that doesn’t signify a serious intent, then Sherlock will give Bart’s back
The mattress is damp because John is sweating an almost obscene amount – he’s covered in a sheen of what smells like salt water but feels like slick sweat and tastes like – like – John has no clue, but it’s not bad.
“You could choose to leave,” Sherlock says, and John’s chest and throat hurt to hear how much Sherlock doesn’t want that sentence to be true.
“I – you –” Sherlock pauses, swallows, “trousers,” he manages, and John’s hands surge up to open and invade, and when they recede, they drag Sherlock’s trousers back down along the smooth, pale lines of his legs. Sherlock barely manages to get John’s jeans unbuttoned and shoved down before John leans in again, too close for Sherlock’s hands to accomplish much, and just breathes in the scent of Sherlock’s skin.
Sherlock, mouth open to explain, closes it with a click. “…What?” He frowns. “How is that a prize? Was it a prize? A consolation trinket for the runners up?”
“Yes, yes,” Sherlock answers, shimmies and lifts his hips, trying to make this easy even as his eagerness gets in the way.
“There,” John points, looking up along the beach – and yes, that’s it: a small cluster of boulders, deposited long ago by a storm, and since weathered into a little alcove, an open air grotto-cum-tide pool. “That’s where I came up.” Sand has buried the structure a little deeper than he recalls, but aside from that, the shape of it, the silhouette against bright blue sky, is unchanged.
It meant going home, and – while the not-so-sleepy little village of Wrentham had been a non-stop treat of thrills and bizarre deaths for not-so-human ex-army-doctor adrenaline junkies and all-too-human consulting detectives alike – going home was what John craved now, right down into the hollows where his water used to sit.
“John,” Sherlock interrupts with a shake of his head, his jaw tightening for a moment, “just, don’t –”
“I come bearing gifts,” John says and puts down the tiramisu box, then drops the towels onto Sherlock’s chest.
They hold up their cards to show how their predictions and answers match up, and while the audience claps, they share a look. It feels serious, for all the ridiculousness of their situation and surroundings, and John can’t shake the feeling of dawning…
,” Sherlock says, voice tattered and spent, his hands trapped beneath John’s back, still clutching at him.
“Yeah.” John slips his hands further up Sherlock’s back, twining the fingers of his right hand into soft curls, fingernails scratching sensitive scalp –
“It’s not maturity, it’s – it’s a breeding cycle,” and oh god, he can’t believe he just said that to Sherlock, and his mouth just keeps pouring out words: “Don’t know how this happened. Never happened in my home water, never thought it would happen on dry land. Should only kick in when there’s a potential mate nearby –
“So…” Sherlock’s eyes are mercury, fixed on John’s, and John can see them dilate as he watches, waits out the pause after his voice trails into expectation.
John groans, throws his head back. “I – I don’t know if that would even work, Sherlock. This is new for me, too. I don’t know if this –”
The man’s eyes narrow even as his shoulders hunch forward – almost protectively, it would seem. “A dazzling observation, simply astounding it should occur to you so quickly.” This time a sneer pulls at those lips. “Besides, I’m hardly the only one underdressed.”
Sherlock hangs onto John – shoulders, ribcage, waist, arse again – almost like he can’t stay away – and it takes John a moment to realise one hand has disappeared, but then it returns, places the lube into John’s grasp. “John –”
Sherlock grins, and it’s the one reserved for criminals who think they’re smarter than him or braver than John. “Well, it’s not like we weren’t compensated – you’ll be happy to know I charged Raymond triple the usual fee for being boring.”
kiss to the head of Sherlock’s cock, this time greedier, and Sherlock jerks, a surprised cry between one breath and the next.
“Yeah,” John says, then adds, “hang on, let me –” and shifts his hips, slips his softening cock out of the warmth of Sherlock’s body. Sherlock grunts, but lets his legs fall to the sides, freeing John to lift away.
John is not quite grown, but about to be, when he makes it to shore for the first time. It’s a seven day trek, and the water near land is far from ideal – but the world beyond the waves is new, different, tempting. When his tentacles’ efforts at locomotion become useless, John discovers the true strength of his legs, marvels at the simple elegance of feet as they carry him over dry sand.
It’s just gone midnight, and the best Christmas of John’s life is over – but that doesn’t mean the joy subsides, or the loving, teasing, playful mess of their entwined bodies and hearts is any closer to relocating somewhere softer (or quieter, although that stack of documents is a promise, now, between them, a vow of
John snorts. “Sod that. Come on, then. I’ll make us a cuppa – I sure as hell could use one, and so could you, I’m thinking. Also, since you’ve called off the fire response, someone needs to check your lungs.”
It’s not a complicated concept – there are three rounds. Round one has questions valued at five points, the second round each question wins ten points, and finally a bonus round, in case of ties: one question worth twenty-five points. Couples are seated side by side, but there are divider screens to preclude whispering and peeking when they need to write down their answers.
“I chose you for a reason, Sherlock Holmes, and it had nothing to do with the Tide. I told you I was gone on you way before that. You wanting me back – well – that’s just extra,” John says, sniffing and blinking and more annoyed at the salty sting of the air than ever.
Sherlock had huffed a breath out through his nose, but his face had remained otherwise impassive, utterly blank.
“I know, I know,” John says, kisses him again, feels Sherlock tremble against him, under his tentacles’ caressing hold, suckers gently gripping and releasing, trying to calm his mate. “Slow, we’ll go slow.”
John stops his teasing touch, slips his palm up Sherlock’s stomach and chest. “It’s ok. No rush. There’s always tomorrow,” John murmurs, lifts his hands to hold Sherlock’s face and stroke his cheekbones.
“You leave and I – uhh – I try to take care of this – and – and then dry out again. That’s the plan, anyway.”
John frowns and enters the room, hesitantly. “I…live here?” he answer-asks, as if that explains anything.
. You spoke to two different women tonight, perhaps three, and one at least was rather amenable to sharing more than a drink. The blonde, I’d say, judging by the long hair tucked at your collar. So. Why aren’t you there. Why aren’t you at her place. Why are you –” Sherlock swallows the rest of his words as he finally notices John’s face, caught between bemusement at the deduction and a sort of trapped, exposed expression.
“Like that?” he pants, and Sherlock whines into his neck, so John does it again, pressing into Sherlock’s heat, into his body, with quick little dabs of pressure, the slick, clean skin offering little resistance, even when Sherlock clenches in reaction.
“Of course I do!” Sherlock looks affronted. “The suspension of tannins in temperature variant liquid can be an extremely useful substance for marking the passage of time. Rates of evaporation and staining can all help pinpoint an accurate time of de–”
Drowning in Sherlock’s touch and air and sound, his land-limbs quivering, John shoves up into Sherlock one, two, three times, and then he’s coming, too – his muscles tightening, his tentacles crushing them together almost to the point of pain as he undulates against Sherlock, thrusting through his orgasm, and each pulse pushes warm liquid from Sherlock to spill into the water and onto John’s thighs and tentacles. This pleasure is more familiar, old acquaintance throughout his dry years, but he finds he needs to grab Sherlock’s hips, desperate for an anchor in this moment as his tentacles shift to try and hold them both up. John’s voice shakes as he groans out his release, and Sherlock is keening, voice almost translucent from use, as his muscles cycle through the last of the aftershocks, tightening deliciously around John – and then they are breathing together, harsh in the sudden quiet.
Sherlock makes a strangled sound and goes limp in John’s hold, then shivers viciously, his breath a protracted, husking moan. “Oh god,” he manages at the end, sucking in a lungful of air. “John – you – please –”
The water’s nearby hushing and the shivering of the stones seems like a bid for lowered voices, though they are alone on the beach. “If this was supposed to be a surprise,” John says when Sherlock doesn’t speak, “then colour me surprised.” He quirks his lips into something like a grin, to let Sherlock know it’s a joke, if a weak one. The grin fades and he says, “If it was meant as…as a gift –?”
“I’ve already done it once,” John shams at considering the request, but he shuffles closer and says, “I’m sure I can manage it again.” He presses his lips against Sherlock’s. “Although, I think maybe once or even twice won’t cut it?”
Sherlock is just a shade too elegantly cool as he responds, “Is there a difference?” for John to buy it.
John waits in the cramped brick hallway when Sherlock darts into the production manager’s office – it’s says R. Lionel on the door. He assumes it’s to do with the case, so he just leaves Sherlock to it. Besides, he doesn’t have any words to add, at the moment. He hears voices inside, an intense murmur, but the walls are thick and the door seems to be soundproofed.
John blinks his eyes open as slim fingers shift to push his fringe back. His eyelids feel paper-thin, dry, like birch ash. His throat is raw, the skin of his lips tight; his tongue sits thick and heavy in his mouth.
Sherlock looks at John. This is his room, his bed, and apparently this is where this conversation is going to happen. John is going to explain Why Not to him, and Sherlock will never lie here again without feeling the images of it press against his eyes, the sounds of it slithering against his tempanic membrane, the memory coiling into and around his throat.
“Hmm. Yes.” Sherlock manages to sound superior and self-assured – then ruins it by joining John in laughter, his shoulders shaking, his voice a tired scrape of its usual sonorousness. “We should do this again,” Sherlock says, decisive, as if saying it makes it so.
. “John,” he breathes, and John’s tentacles bring them together, propped so that Sherlock’s head is properly above the water, held so that there isn’t an inch of space between them anywhere. John can already taste Sherlock in the water,
“Oh god,” John gasps. “Me, too – I couldn’t – I didn’t think – but I do, god, you – you, I want you –”
“For basically volunteering to meet my family,” John says and then laughs when Sherlock goes very still, apparently only now realizing what he’s offered. “Not to worry – it’s a seven day journey underwater, and there’s no kind way to make it.”
Pleasure is shooting up the arms of John’s tentacles; just touching Sherlock is entrancing. Feeling him respond to caresses and kisses and that one, questing tip is breath-taking, water-giving, like tasting home. “It – it’s the –” John tries to explain but cannot, struck momentarily mute as Sherlock arches against him, catching their cocks against one another and between their abdomens.
“If you insist,” Sherlock says with a huff – as if it isn’t obvious he is exhausted and needs rest and is moments away from succumbing despite stubbornly fighting sleep’s pull, the way he always does – and to prove it, the huff ends as a sort of sigh as he falls quiet. It isn’t too long after that John feels the body in his arms – Sherlock – his mate – grow still and soft with sleep.
Sherlock imagines he would come first - masturbation has always been about efficiency and speed, or at least, it had been until John had sauntered into his thoughts - but old habits and inclinations die hard. He wonders if the order of orgasms is important, if John would care one way or another, but then John is so accepting of most things (heads in the fridge, thumbs in the crisper), so perhaps this would not be an issue?
“Oh god, oh god, Sherlock,” John huffs, pushing into him still and still and still, even as Sherlock’s limbs thrash then freeze in the grips of pleasure, “Oh god Sherlock,” John groans, and then he’s coming too, two rough thrusts and then a shivering stillness as he spills and spends himself, hot and slick and inside Sherlock.
" and just keep right on taking him, claiming Sherlock with his body and his desire, until John comes, muscles tightening, then shuddering, thrusting arhythmically as he spills himself, wet and warm, deep inside Sherlock.
he thinks, and shivers hard – but then Sherlock’s hand is cupping over his, and there’s worry in his expression. John is caught, trapped in the flood of that care, and for a long moment they simply breathe, almost in tandem, their hands layered against Sherlock’s chest.
It’s that last fact that has John jerking his eyes open and sitting upright. His arms quiver as he regards himself in shock.
Sherlock rolls his eyes and moves away to rearrange his mad scientist set on the table. “You needn’t bother denying it, John, you know my methods. And furthermore, you needn’t bother
Sherlock’s hands jerk up in surprise and his eyes snap open in shock, however, as John lands a kiss against his mouth.
“Wonderful,” John says, after it becomes apparent Sherlock isn’t going to speak. “We’re so excited.”
“We should send them a thank you card.” John snorts. “Also, we should sue them. They’re not supposed to exploit contestants beyond the obvious.”
"John," Sherlock would reply, voice deep, the way he knows catches John’s ear, John’s attention - John’s interest?
They break apart, panting, Sherlock’s cheeks flagged high with arousal, the dark curls of his hair a tempest halo.
“We’re going to disagree sometimes,” John says, “or we’ll bicker, or we’ll fight about stupid things and important things, but at the end of it, we’ll still be together, ok?”
“What if – what if I want to, though?” And then Sherlock’s breath stills with a hitch, and John holds him as tight as he can and says, “I love you.”
God, how those words ache inside him, though, filling his throat and mouth until breathing feels like bruising, and it’s time to stop it,
Sherlock’s hands are drifting south, too, except drifting is the wrong word. It feels predatory, targeted, like some laser-focused beam is homing in on nipples, rib cage, hipbones –
Sherlock nods, lets his eyes fall shut, leans forward in the cradle of John’s limbs to arch his back, an offering, and John cedes control to his want, lets it expand inside him like a bubble chasing the surface. John feels the shift in his dorsal tentacles’ skin as softer flesh moves forward beyond the texture of the suckers, in preparation for touching, for pushing, for giving and taking pleasure.
“Don’t be daft,” John says, turning to head back to his (temporarily, at least) flat. “Keep it on until we’re inside.”
. And that’s not going to change, alright?” He lets his arms slip down to settle in the natural curve of Sherlock’s back and waist. “I should have said it before. I’m sorry I waited so long.”
“What if I’m not tired?” The man’s eyes are insistent upon John’s, and his body is looming into John’s space, suddenly.
“Oh come now, Doctor, hardly an impressive observation or conclusion.” An elegant gesture displays long fingers and the angular swivel of a wrist.
“Oi – that was one time,” John can’t help but clarify, forgetting himself – or rather his surroundings – for a moment. “And if I didn’t clean once in a while, the flat would be in a sorry state indeed!”
“I…no,” he amends. “It just…it tastes better. When he makes it. The tea.” Sherlock shifts in his seat, and John would be blind not to spot the beginnings of a flush high on his cheeks, seated as close together as they are. Even as his head tilts in confusion, he feels his heart tilt in conviction, and god, this was a
John’s balancing on one fist, the other hand holding the lube – he drops to his elbow, lets the lube drop to the sheets to free up a hand to trace his thumb along Sherlock’s jaw. “You’re sure about this – wanting this – with me?”
He doesn’t let John say anything else after that, none of the words that are clamoring to be said/thought/heard, none of the words Sherlock wants said, wants to say himself, because - because -
“So if it’s not this place – if it’s not a Tide – then what is it?” Sherlock asks. “Why is this happening?”
“Yes, I can,” John insists, hands squeezing Sherlock’s for emphasis. “I chose you, yeah? And you chose me. We chose each other – as
“I do,” John says softly, and that seems to startle Sherlock out of whatever space he’d gone to in his head for a moment. After a long moment, Sherlock’s eyes slip closed and his head drops to rest against John’s, forehead to forehead.
He feels Sherlock shift, knows he is getting ready to stand, to leave. “Check on me again?” John asks, forcing his eyes open again, and Sherlock smiles one of his soft, sideways smiles.
Sherlock had taken the bottle from him then, looked at it, as if caught by the shift of deep red liquid behind green glass. He'd stared at the label, and then, still expressionless, had put the bottle in the basket.
“Sherlock –” John begins, then clamps his mouth shut, not wanting to question their current arrangement lest Sherlock take it as censure.
‘almost’; the jacket suits you – but not the cane, and certainly not the limp. You’re welcome, by the way.”
John blinks a tad more purposefully, still fighting the edge of sleep – but no, his armful of Sherlock remains, warm against his side and fast asleep. John opens his mouth to say something, perhaps wake Sherlock, ask for an explanation – but then he closes it a moment later.
know I am a doctor?” The question feels like slogging through thick mud or a raging river’s shallows. John’s legs ache in memory.
“Like old times?” There’s something wistful in Sherlock’s voice, and he doesn’t look at John as he says it.
"If you are quite finished," Sherlock interrupts, and rather obviously, too, "then I was going to suggest Angelo's for dinner. Seeing as you have a pasta fixation at the moment." He purses his lips and looks down at the wine in his hands. “And this is Italian, after all.”
Sherlock’s mouth shuts with a click, and something in the glare snaps, and then John is gasping for air as he laughs, loud as anything, Sherlock shaking through his own laughter beside him.
“We-e-lll…” Sherlock tilts his head and shrugs one shoulder. “He definitely owes me a favour.” Sherlock’s hands are both on John’s shoulders now, although his right thumb is stroking lightly up and down John’s neck. “We should be set for as long as we like.”
The first few steps are slippery enough that John nearly sends them both pitching sideways; he’s happy to reach the door to Sherlock’s room, happier still to reach the rug beside the bed.
Sherlock is a lovely weight, a simple warm pressure against John’s body and bare skin where his vest has rucked up during the night. John finds he could rather easily sink back into sleep. That should be strange, perhaps even alarming – but the cozy nest of rumpled covers and consulting detective feels cyclically buoyant, like a lava lamp of wakefulness, the thrill of having Sherlock up against him spurring him towards awareness, which leads to a cataloguing of comforts which serve only to reel John back down into sleep’s murky embrace, only to start anew.
Sherlock seems to take a moment to refocus, then gives a small smile. “John does, of course,” he says smoothly. Then, with a cheeky grin at John, he adds, “He is so
seeing – but then again all of Sherlock’s breakthroughs seems sudden in their brilliance. After all, it must have taken quite a bit of adjusting and tinkering with his ‘improbability vs. impossibility’ world view along the way, but the fact remains: he settles on an answer, and then he comes to John with it.
“Sherlock?” Sherlock sags back into the waiting cradle of John’s fore-tentacles, and John steadies him with his hands. The water in the tub is down to a few inches, and at least two shirt buttons are digging into John’s shins where he’s somehow ended up kneeling.
The audience applauds as expected, because that’s what they do when the answers match up (especially when they’re so unexpected), but John doesn’t miss the complicated look that passes over Sherlock’s features. It starts with satisfaction but is quickly replaced by something much more vulnerable, soft and brittle all at once – and then it’s gone.
In answer, John blushes. “It’s – it’s –oh hell, it’s called the Tide. And um, it comes for everyone? Although I didn’t actually think it could happen without home water.” He bites a lip. He hadn’t thought it would happen to him
Just as Sherlock expected, however, he is not about to fall asleep (no matter how much he wishes he could), and so he is wide awake as John turns to him, still mostly above him.
Sherlock’s come is metallic, brackish, tasting of deeper waters, and John swallows it down, some part of his physiology welcoming it, as if a part of Sherlock belongs inside him, always.
John lifts first one shoulder then the other, and Sherlock extracts his hands, flexing them slowly. John huffs out another laugh at that. “Shift over – yes, like that –” He gets Sherlock mostly settled beside him, and then starts stripping off his pants.
“We’ve just had sex, John.” What a strange thing to say. It’s obvious, it’s evident, it’s superfluous – and yet. “
for John), and Angelo finally seems to have perfected the art of leaving them to their own devices. After the initial gushing of welcome (and subsequent outpouring of praise for Sherlock) he makes himself scarce. John hardly notices the bread arriving, which is replaced by their starters, and finally the main course.
He is true to his word, he starts slow, lets that exploratory tentacle sneak lower along Sherlock’s cleft as they kiss and move against one another, until a hot and twitching patch of furled skin arrests his movement. They share a soft exhalation, and then Sherlock moans, because the tip of that tentacle is slick and clever, flicking slowly back and forth, like licking.
more scientific than calling a people that live in the sea a variant of the phrase ‘sea people.’ I rather think
“Or maybe I had freshly altered my physiology and had more important things on my mind?” He tugs on Sherlock’s hand, and Sherlock follows with a huff as John leads the way down the beach, closer to where the water breaks endlessly, their bare feet pressing shallow dents into sand as they go. “Hmm,” John says when they reach the water’s ever-shifting edge. Sherlock’s eyes narrow.
“That’s because you don’t pay attention to what’s around you,” Sherlock points out helpfully, and John laughs and takes his hand firmly in his own.
John snorts, and they kiss again; Sherlock has his arms tucked under John’s shoulders, pulling them close together until it is less a kiss and more a mutual bruising of lips. John pulls back after a long minute, lips tingling, and asks, “Ready?” and Sherlock nods, the curiosity in his eyes converted to arousal as John’s squirming dorsal tentacle begins smearing broad swaths of friction against Sherlock’s anus once more. Now, post orgasm, the skin there has more give, the muscles beneath less tight, and John can feel them flexing with each stroke.
A few harsh breaths, and John slumps forward, catches himself on his elbows, and proceeds to kiss Sherlock as thoroughly as he can with his mouth slack from pleasure. He slips a hand down to help as he pulls out, gentling the skin of Sherlock’s thighs and arse, stroking the skin that’s slippery with come and lubricant.
And just like that, John is done waiting, worrying. His mouth is against Sherlock’s, his hands are all over that skin, rubbing, pressing, clutching, his legs are caging longer, paler ones.
John pushes up against Sherlock, overcome by his voice, his pleasure – and then John feels it. With Sherlock collapsed against him, still trying to shift his hips to give John what he needs, pressed so close – there’s no mistaking it: the warmth, the wetness of the mess Sherlock’s made of his pants, and
John wonders distantly. His conclusions? Himself? Neither is likely, and John struggles to pin down Sherlock’s expression, understand it, even as he recovers from the impact of his surroundings. With Sherlock, he’s learned, it pays to focus on the fleeting – but Sherlock’s question distracts John, reels his thinking away from Sherlock’s uncharacteristic uncertainty, refocuses it on the answerable, the knowable:
Sherlock’s eyes flutter, and he fights them closing, says through harsh breaths: “You’re still dressed.”
“Alright – let’s see…” Carlton is saying. “Sherlock! Who does the lion’s share of the chores at home?”
John breaks away, eyes closed, face flushed and somehow fierce even in an act so soft as caring. “Sherlock – oh god, I wish –”
too, and some of John’s urgency seeps away in a sigh — then he’s gone, hands curling into the sheets as he sinks into sleep.
Sherlock looks up at him. “Second thoughts?” he asks, and John can feel the tension just begin to creep under his pale skin.
“Thinking,” Sherlock mumbles, dipping his head low to suck at John’s neck. “Could hear you thinking.”
sound of the waves’ endless churning, the delicate fractal intertwining of scents has John turning his gasp into a long inhale, land-lungs and esophageal gills straining to take in as much air as possible. He tastes the fiddlehead curl of damp sand, the salt-bitter lashing of sunbaked seaweed, the soft opacity of steam as warm rocks shed each wave’s wet caress into the air. Tucked into and under those smells-becoming-tastes resides the cloy of brine, of life and death too small to see, the microscopic decay and proliferation that advance and retreat with the tide, marking out moments and hours and days with new lines carved into the sand.
Laughing hurts, shakes John’s aching torso and clenches sore muscles. He doesn’t care to stop, though, wheezing his way through it.
The right one lays claim to Sherlock’s cleft first, draping over it before dragging along it to spread the slickness dewing along the tentacle’s spongy skin. Sherlock gasps as that sliding touch finally settles against the furl of his anus, and John has to remind himself to breath. Doing this during his Tide had been extraordinary, a brilliant blur of touch and taste and pressure – but now, without the influence of the Tide, John can savour each little moment as it happens, every little detail as it emerges. The smoothness of Sherlock’s skin changing from one stroke to the next, the difference in surface temperature the closer his tentacle tip ventures, even the differing strengths of Sherlock’s exhales breaking against his neck where he clings to John, already beginning to shake.
, John’s voice echoes in his memories, and it wasn’t John, not really, but it seems the scripting was spot on. “Might not have run off to get shot at, if I had,” John says, and there’s that self-deprecating twist to his mouth and his voice and his words, but his eyes hollow out the would-be humour.
John’s mouth is suddenly dry. “Just –” he has to swallow again. “Just so we’re clear – we’re not talking about the wine anymore, right?”
And then it is gone, eradicated as their lips press together, chaste and gentle with equal parts self-doubt and awe. Sherlock’s closed lips hold still against John’s, and John takes the lead, shifting his mouth back and forth a bit, a light bit of friction. Sherlock shivers at that swipe, and John grins, his lips parting against Sherlock’s – then relaxing away from the grin but remaining open as he presses close again.
Sherlock dips his head forward minutely, but John sees and understands: he squeezes Sherlock’s fingers briefly.
,” Sherlock complains, but there’s laughter in his voice and his mouth, and then they’re pushing closer, Sherlock’s long legs sliding against John’s, fingers lacing together – and then Sherlock flips them, and John’s looking up at Sherlock’s heaving chest and parted lips, his face framed by wild curls.
, he thinks, irked, but in the next moment he decides against it – partly because if Sherlock did indeed send him out in order to be alone, there is no real sense on inflicting himself on Sherlock (or Sherlock’s experiments on himself), and partly because the music has changed rather abruptly, and for the better.
It shouldn’t be possible for his mind to startle him, for his thought-up version of John to say something he hasn’t thought himself, or at least, never allowed himself to think - but there’s always something, with John more so than anyone else.
A few deft twists, a bit of jimmying, and the cork pops out. Sherlock pours a half glass for them both. It feels momentous, but distantly so.
“Oh, they won’t be coming for some time.” The man shrugs. “I texted the dispatcher to let them know there was no actual fire. Nothing to do anyway besides wait for the smoke to clear.”
like a Tide, at least,” John amends as his left ventral tentacle loops up around Sherlock’s waist and provides a sturdy support for his mate’s spine.
It doesn’t, and it doesn’t, and it doesn’t for so long that when it finally does, John mistakes it for something entirely different, for friendship (because Sherlock and he are friends now – right?); the most unlikely of flatmates (even without adding in John’s origins and original physiology) solving cases and saving each other in countless grand and miniscule ways, spending their days together, together, together. Sherlock, daft git that he is, runs, and John follows, straight into danger, into all sorts of fire, and John feels he is alive and thriving and bursting with joy, present in a way he’s never felt before.
That, John decides, deserves repeating, begs it, and he glances down to see what can be done in service of that, kicking at the tangle of their sheets. John shifts a hand down without thinking, cups Sherlock’s hip, urges and directs Sherlock’s reciprocal eagerness.
He hums, runs a hand along the nape of Sherlock’s neck too blissed out to voice his lukewarm worries about that particular sentence emerging from Sherlock’s mouth.
A moment later, he’s distracted from the unpleasant taste by a rush of warmth against his left hand, the muscles there kicking and twitching, pushing John’s come out of Sherlock. John groans around Sherlock’s softening cock, shifts the cloth to catch most of it, savouring the quivering gasps escaping Sherlock’s mouth. John can’t help but smirk as he pulls back, even as Sherlock’s cock slips from his mouth. He kisses it sloppily, then grins up at Sherlock, who’s flushed red and damp, his chest heaving. “How was that?”
Sherlock meets John’s gaze and nods, serious and still and in some sort of placid trance, his body boneless, pliant, as if it had been waiting for his mind to step aside, to get out of the way of this, this, this –
“Sherlock –” he begins, only to fall silent as Sherlock looks down at him, lips parted, eyes darkened, and skin flushed, his chest and cheeks rouged everywhere John touched him. “Sherlock, please –”
John pulls back an inch, moves forward two, curses and pinches his lips, and both hands come up to grip Sherlock by the hips, pushing pale ovals into the blush of arousal that seems to have claimed every inch of his skin. At last John is pressed flush against Sherlock, seated fully, and both of them are breathing harsh, ragged breaths.
If this is the one chance he gets, the only time, moments caught and pressed between their different skins, then Sherlock wants something he can keep, can remember later, when he doesn’t have this anymore.
,” John gasps, and lets his legs fall wider. “More – two, or three –” he wants, suddenly urgent to have Sherlock inside him.
Sherlock’s face is incandescent – disbelieving for only a moment, then delighted and painfully happy as he says: “
Last winter, a difficult winter for them both, Sherlock had chased the cobwebs from the corners of their shared space with his Strad, coaxed sound back into the quiet hollows of 221B, woven a steady rhythm into their days and evenings.
In short, John Watson is not having a good time, certainly because of the atmosphere – people everywhere, smotheringly close, especially the hen-do that requested the wailing currently playing – but also just as certainly because of the one person not currently invading his space.
And Sherlock is crying out to the rhythm of that, his hips stuttering and jerking, and then stiffening as his eyes squeeze shut, his voice a formless cry as heat floods into John, Sherlock’s hips kicking back into motion and pounding into John, urged on by John’s still-spending tentacle, and John -
“Come here,” he says, lying back again against the shallow slope of the inlet sand. The water is up to just below his ears now, although his feet are more than submersed. “Shift up – like that – yes,” he urges, guiding Sherlock to kneel between his spread legs. “Do you want to –?”
,” and with that he stops talking, mouthing at Sherlock’s cock as his finger prods and pushes rhythmically.
But it doesn’t. For years it doesn’t. John runs and fights and bleeds and almost dies, and still it doesn’t come.
I should mention that the '23" telly with Mediterranean wood panel styling' prize is lifted from an actual 1973 episode of the Newlywed Game, because that tiny ugly box as a prize made me laugh so much harder than the rest of the period typical sexism ever could...
John sucks and works his tongue, reveling in the musky, sea-rich taste of him, burying his nose in Sherlock’s patch of dark curls and scenting him, mapping his arousal. He feels Sherlock begin to tremble, runs the tips of his fore-tentacles up Sherlock’s torso: navel, sternum, nipples, clavicles, neck, jaw, chin –
Sherlock laughs again, and this time it sounds less like hysterics. “I – I realized what was happening because of the questions – they were all questions that those insufferable newspaper polls ask about us, the ones your readers bother you about, especially that fantasy one – and –”
Until John had limped into his life - and like that day at Bart’s, now he would arrive again, without the limp this time, and the room would glow -
Sherlock had taught him to dance, once, god so long ago it seems now, Sherlock’s hands in his, his feet guiding John’s, tempo and music pulling their strings, keeping them close even as they kept themselves apart.
Sherlock grunts at the sudden increase in pressure, but John fancies he can see the beginnings of a pleased smile at the corners of Sherlock’s mouth. “Alright?” he asks, and Sherlock presses a quick kiss to John’s lips in answer.
John blinks, glances up and down the beach, then back at Sherlock, about to ask what he’s on about – when suddenly his brain comes online, and he realises where they are, where
Maybe that’s the sort of thing that would entice John, set the tinder and kindling of their current situation ablaze. Flatmates to friends to whatever they are now - two men living together, one the victim of a high-impact round to the thoracic cavity, and the other a survivor of the high impact betrayal of the woman who pulled the trigger.
John drops his card and tries to smile – they’re still in the lead after all – but being right has never left such a sour taste in his mouth before, nor such a sharp hollow in his stomach.
For a long moment, neither of them moves or makes a sound, the wavelets the only source of motion, of sound.
“Shall we?” John asks after a moment. Sherlock nods, and they set off. After a few blocks of an ambling pace, Sherlock stops, though, so John does as well. “Hmm?” he asks.
“I –”John’s words stutter to a halt as his eyes catch up with real time events. The man beside him is tall, slender but possessed of a refined musculature. His eyes are striking – almond shaped and a mercurial silver in the false dawn just this side of 3:00 a.m. The whole package is wrapped up in pale, pale skin.
Sherlock blinks open an eye and watches him for a long moment. “What do you mean, ‘now what?’ It’s settled, isn’t it? We’re mated now. For life,” he adds helpfully.
Sherlock snorts again. “No it won’t – red wines are notorious for their flavour profile shift after opening – in fact, depending on the vintner and year, it’s possible to give an accurate time of opening, working backwards from the flavour complexities lost. Leaving it until tomorrow would be tantamount to letting it go to waste –”
John shakes his head, lets his eyes flutter shut. “No, feels good,” he says a moment later. “Like breathing. Like sleeping. Like touch.” He’s rambling, he knows, but everything feels perfect. The water around him, in him. The air in his lungs and mouth, softly abrasive. The vibrations in the room and in his throat. Everything.
–” John stiffens into an arch, then thrashes into a secondary, internal release, his muscles clamping around Sherlock’s cock, trying to pull him deeper still, and he can feel each twitch and spurt of Sherlock’s come inside him, a silky wet heat, a part of Sherlock where it belongs.
“Good.” John’s grinning up at the ceiling now, nothing for it. His palm feels electric where it molds to Sherlock’s curve. He can feel Sherlock’s eyelashes bat against his skin again, Sherlock having finally settled back into complete closeness, just like before. John feels several of those little eyelash flickers against his neck before Sherlock eventually speaks:
John reaches up to stroke Sherlock’s cheek, his neck, the back of his ribcage, all the way down his legs to his ankles. He smiles when Sherlock hums into his neck, twisting a little, like a cat settling closer, and John feels overcome by this – Sherlock close and content, smelling of sex, limp from release, pressed against him like a limpet to a rock. He twines his arms around his back and holds him tight, letting the waves rocked them slightly, to and fro, even as he continues his light, stroking touches along Sherlock’s body.
John snorts. “Can you blame me?” John asks, sliding up alongside Sherlock to kiss him again. “What with you so gorgeous and debauched…”
“John,” Sherlock breathes into the air between them, and John tightens his arms around him in a fierce squeeze, and after a moment’s hesitation, he lets his tentacles come up to do the same, wrapping around Sherlock and just holding him, keeping him.
Beside him, Sherlock tilts his head to shoot him another look – this one seems almost concerned – but John is more worried about getting an answer down without combusting from embarrassment.
“So?” John prompts, but Sherlock doesn’t say anything, just keeps not meeting John’s eyes – and when John catches on, he tightens his arms around Sherlock and says, “Oh, you idiot.”
“Yes, and I don’t know how this is happening, Sherlock,” and John means to sound curt, because he doesn’t want to be answering questions right now, needs Sherlock to leave so he can try and sort this out without losing his mind – but Sherlock’s name in his mouth is a long, delicious sigh. “Shouldn’t be, shouldn’t be,” he murmurs, letting his head rock from side to side, enjoying the lapping of the little waves that causes, the wet caress of water. “You should probably leave,” he sighs after a long moment of indulgence. His body is shifting in earnest now, waking to wants water cannot sate. It’s a slow undulation, endless, and his skin turns slick, slicker, his legs and tentacles tangling sensually against one another. “It’s time now. My Tide – it’s come in for me, and –”
“Wallet?” Sherlock asks next, and this John relinquishes, watching as Sherlock stretches to stash John’s affects with his own inside the folds of the belstaff. When he turns back, his face is shading more obviously flushed, but his voice is clear and steady as he says, “Shirt next. Please.”
yes –” Sherlock’s exhale becomes a long sigh, becomes a hitching, breathless shiver as John gets properly inside him, the slit of his tentacle splaying to hold Sherlock open and steady as the pale, soft tissue of the delicate taper slides into his heat, unfurling and contracting to lubricate its way forward, and Sherlock’s shivering now, his anus contracting against the cold protrusion to no avail even as he urges John on, trying to angle his hips to get John seated further in faster.
When John and Sherlock have finally reined in their laughter, Carlton asks the last question of round one:"
,” John groans as Sherlock whimpers, his hips starting to rock in a bid for friction once again. “I mean,” he says, retreating from the press and bite and smear of kissing, “We can stop if you want, we don’t have to – again –”
John knows this because he keeps checking his wristwatch (as if that will speed up the arrival of fire and rescue). But it’s something to do while he stands and shivers in his vest and robe in the brisk October air. It’s something to think about that isn’t the odds of him agreeing to flat-sit the weekend that the building next door catches fire. It’s something to look at that isn’t thick smoke pouring out of the open windows as if the sky were doing its level best at a French inhale.
“You’re asking me?” he asks, trying for dispassionate and missing by a mile. “You tell me.” He runs his hands over his face, into his fringe, then down again, mostly as an excuse to not have his eyes open right now. “Please.”
“Oh my god,” John laughs, and it’s a breathless sort of laugh, the kind they’ve shared before, the kind he learned from John. “Oh god. You’re welcome,” he cheeks at him.
Sherlock tries a grin, and when it sticks he says as he shifts his hips, just a little: “You feel – likewise. Good. Um.” He’d somehow imagined far less talk and far more everything-
“Fine. Good,” John murmurs. He moves until he’s pressed against Sherlock, until his arms are swaddling Sherlock, every breath breaking softly over his shoulder, his neck, his curls. “I’ll just keep being here when you wake up, then. Until you have all the proof you need.”
“Excretion,” Sherlock supplies with a slight hitch in his breath, and John can’t help the fondness that breaks through his want for just a moment. Sherlock in the moment, in the act, remains Sherlock nonetheless, and John gives into the warmth in his throat and chest that spills over into a grin as he watches Sherlock’s eyes try to flutter open.
“Honestly,” Sherlock is saying as John tries to calm himself, “if I don’t empty out the organ drawer every five to six days he gets positively
John decides, but it does seem as if the residents of Montague Street are rather inured to this sort of early morning caper.
thing to ask, to wonder - and most people ask this at some point, but few actually want an answer. Fewer still care what that answer is, and then there’s John, who will wait and wait for an answer, pry it loose from Sherlock’s lips like it’s a precious jewel, as if it were integral to John’s continued existence that he knows whether Sherlock’s ‘ok’ or not.
“Or the sofa,” John agrees. “No matter what we’re doing or where we are, when the moment strikes, we’ll get ourselves to a slightly softer surface.”
“Yes, like that, oh god –” John murmurs, working his finger a bit deeper, “oh god have you never – have you ever –?”
“Budge up,” John says, sitting down next to him. He takes back a towel, kisses Sherlock’s upturned mouth. “Let me.” Sherlock’s eyelids dip for a moment, and his hands clear the way.
– so he toes off both shoes, discards his socks, and then comes to stand directly in front of Sherlock. “Hey,” he says softly, when Sherlock looks away up to the North slant of the beach instead of meeting his gaze. “What’s this about?” he asks. “Please tell me?”
“I really do, yes.” John watches Sherlock’s face cycle through surprise, disbelief, confusion, and then – there it is again – that rare glimpse of unguardedness. John watches as even that shifts and changes, becomes effervescent joy, aching tenderness, and then he’s kissing Sherlock, or maybe Sherlock’s kissing him, his arms tightening to bring them closer, closer, his ankles lifting and hooking around John’s lower back, so that no space is left, so they tessellate into one another.
,” Sherlock snaps back, but it’s too quick, and John sighs as he runs a hand through his hair – slightly shaggier than he likes it, but Sherlock’s fingers can’t seem to get enough of it, the barely-there curls at his nape.
John considers, tries to feel inside himself, where water was once before, and now again, where he feels fullest and emptiest, and finally decides on: “It’s because you’re here.” Sherlock frowns, but John continues before he can start to interrogate him: “This is not the first time I’ve been in the sea since I came ashore, Sherlock, and this
“It’s – it’s… a response to environmental stimulus.” He won’t meet Sherlock’s eyes, only hopes that Sherlock assumes it’s something other than the urge it actually is. “Don’t worry, it’ll run its course and then it’ll be done.”
John rubs his back, arms and ribs almost creaking with how tight he’s holding Sherlock, his mate, the man he loves with every last geographically-misplaced inch of himself. John clears his throat, trying to cough away the aching tightness that wants to still his breath. “I love you,” he says again, “
And the truth is, waking up with an armful of Sherlock is exactly what John never knew (or rather, never acknowledged) he wanted. Pressed close, soft and warm and pliant, Sherlock is bony angles balanced with lean curves. Both his hands have John in their grip – one flung across his stomach, and the other tucked between his shoulder blade and the mattress – and Sherlock sprawls along and across John’s side, his head tucked against John’s neck, chin hooked over his trapezius. His breath comes in slow, barely-there puffs of warmth against John’s pulse point, tickling the edge of his nape, where short hairs move with each exhale.
“I need to examine the presenter – one Carlton Jones – to see if he’s really a threat to the show. His partner Raymond seems to think he’s up to something, and wants me to take a closer look. Can’t get much closer than actually participating, so-o-o…”
“It has been my experience that most paramours are quick to say they will make some great sacrifice for you, or perform some magnificent deed.” Sherlock’s mouth tightens for a moment. He looks down, then at the audience. “John has saved my life three times now, not including all the little ways in which he’s made it bearable and enjoyable and worth continuing.” Sherlock pauses. “Although quite frankly, the second and third time were over-kill. John can be such a show off.” Sherlock’s smile tries for playful, but it seems as if it’s just barely holding back a flood of things unsaid as he finally looks at John. “Honestly, all it took was the once, that first time during our first case together, saving me from circumstance and myself. I’m afraid I don’t think I’ve ever fully recovered.”
Sherlock makes a high noise, pants twice, strains to stay loose and relaxed, realizes what he’s doing, and then tries to go limp –
And then John voices a wish Sherlock had thought he’d buried with all other useless and pointlessly painful things: “I wish I’d met you earlier.”
John opens his mouth to say, ‘Yes?’ or ‘What?’ or even ‘Sherlock,’ because his mouth likes Sherlock’s name, holds its syllables like two smooth stones on his tongue, always ready to let them slip out.
"No?" John nudges a pasta box with his foot. "Pasta Remnant Surprise won't do?" He grins at Sherlock. "You know, Sherlock," he says very solemnly, "you should use every part of the pasta box."
John grins, and pushes into Sherlock’s space for a kiss. When they part, Sherlock looks up at him with a bit of a smirk.
“Gorgeous,” he presses the word into one sparsely haired thigh, bites over that patch, then kisses it softly, soothingly. “Brace yourself on my shoulders.” He waits for Sherlock’s hands to settle against his skin, and then he helps him step out of his half-dry, half-damp trousers and pants, and then Sherlock is naked before him, a siren or some other human myth – an elemental given shape.
John grins, lifts up, and brings Sherlock’s cock closer to his mouth. “I’ve never done this,” he says. He looks up at Sherlock, who’s watching him with his mouth open. John keeps his eyes on Sherlock as he takes the tip into his mouth, tastes the traces of semen, quickly replaced by a renewed flow of precome.
John places his hands on Sherlock’ shoulders. “You – you really don’t have to do this, Sherlock.” God, Sherlock’s skin is hot to the touch, and the air around him is laden with that irresistible scent, and John hopes it’s arousal – but without the right pheromone signals, he can’t be sure.
“You,” John breathes, slipping his finger in, just the tip at first. “I was thinking about you, how happy you make me.” He huffs out a breath as Sherlock jerks against him, hard, his body taking John’s finger deeper. “How much you mean to me.” He moves inside Sherlock, stroking, teasing, touching, feeling Sherlock tightening all over, a spring coiling, a rocket barely tethered to the ground. “How much I love you.”
But he can’t, and he doesn’t really want to. No, what he wants is to grip John tight against him, twine him into place with arms and legs, what he wants is this moment’s eternal lingering, what he wants is this, just this, John pressed against him and panting, because while the pleasure is electric and addictive, it’s John he craves.
With a sigh, the man starts to shrug off John’s robe. “You’ll be needing this back,” he says, and his voice sounds tired for the first time that John’s heard.
John slides back in easily, now on top, between Sherlock’s thighs, takes charge of the motion, and begins again, building the rhythm they’d been chasing when Sherlock had nearly come.
“Don’t be ridiculous, John –” but Sherlock’s smiling, and his whole face is a patchwork of delight and nerves and – “that’s not even remotely the same –” he breaks off as John kisses him “– as – saying – it – stop kissing me so I can say it!”
Sherlock shivers, and John shifts lower, his thumb now swiping over the furl of Sherlock’s anus. The skin there twitches, a clench and release that arrests John’s thumb. He swirls around once, twice – and on the third pass he swaps fingers, lets the slimmer tip of his index finger push against that slicked spot.
Emboldened, John hoists himself a bit higher, gets a proper grip, his left hand still pressing the cloth against Sherlock under the guise of cleaning up, and takes as much of Sherlock’s cock in his mouth as he can. It’s awkward and his jaw aches a bit, and he’s worried about his teeth, but Sherlock’s just clenching his fists into the sheets, his pelvis jerking in tiny, aborted thrusts, apparently not worrying about teeth at all.
John breaks the kiss, leans back, his hands on Sherlock’s right shoulder and left flank, and waits while Sherlock just stares at him and blinks.
John shifts his weight, uncertain of what to say, to do, to make this uncertainty resolve itself. “Like….what, exactly?”
Sherlock’s mouth lands against his, kiss by kiss, and his skin is cooler now, damp, and John can feel the stickiness set in already. He can’t be arsed to move, though, because he’s kissing Sherlock right back, long, languorous drinks from the cup of that mouth.
When John’s shirt peels away, he leans in again, presses against Sherlock’s chest with his own, lets his hands slide down Sherlock’s arms to grasp shirt cuffs and just hold them, hold him – Sherlock – still as he kisses him, kisses him, kisses –
“Well, when I said there’s always tomorrow, I meant I’m rather looking forward to tomorrow…” John raises his own eyebrow right back at Sherlock, who laughs, a bit breathless, but finally settles against him.
John has a giddy feeling that, between the two of them, there’ll be no settling for anything less than
Sherlock’s eyes narrow, but there’s a mischievous challenge in them. “Fine, then,” he says. “Shut up and open up.”
John snorts. “Come on, I’ll show you – this way,” John says, and with a jerk of his head, leads the way up the North curve of the beach.
John takes Sherlock into his mouth, the last vestiges of softness erased by John’s lips and tongue. Sherlock’s breath comes in sharp whines and gasps now, his hips juddering with each new twist or lick John bestows, his voice strangely loud in the space, cupped close by the stacked tumble of rocks.
Sherlock slips from his careful hold to flop backwards onto the bed, boneless, pliant, not quite asleep, but writhing on the edge. “Hmm, John,” he sighs, and John catches himself smiling at Sherlock, at his chest rising and falling slowly, at his left hand’s fingers curling in a twitch, and at his closed eyes and parted lips that seem to curl up just at the very edges. John’s not sure if the smile’s allowed, but Sherlock can’t see it, so maybe it’ll be alright, one way or another.
John shrugs, just holds him tighter, and somehow, having the air crushed from his lungs loosens some words for him:
The Tide keeps rolling in, bringing with it dreams of the crush of waves above and around, the gasp and surge of water through gills, the distantly-remembered thrill of powerful speed through clear seas.
His time alone turns as often to thoughts purely of John as it does to experiments and Mind Palace maintenance. Sometimes, Sherlock will catch himself thinking of spending more simple hours together, craving the quiet sounds and soothing rhythms of lives lived in sync – because they are good at this, at orbiting one another, inhabiting the same space, breathing the same air, living the same life. Sharing it.
“You mean that,” Sherlock says, and his voice holds a quality of wonder, a breathless edge. It isn’t hope – it’s realization. He swallows, and it seems like he might be overcome, or close to it, his eyes darting side to side as his mouth slackens into an open hang.
“Shh, Sherlock, it’s okay,” John mumbles, and then he’s on his knees and Sherlock’s pressed close and hot against him, breath harsh with impending pleasure, “not done yet, not done yet.”
John’s hands come up to hold Sherlock’s shoulder blades, the wings of them hard edges through his thin shirt, and John tightens his arms, his hold, helping Sherlock press closer.
The man accepts with something like a smile, glances down at the keyboard, then up again at John, and asks, “Afghanistan or Iraq?” His fingers dance and tap against the keys even without his needing to look down. John would be jealous if he weren’t busy being flummoxed.
“God, Sherlock,” John manages tightly, shuddering as Sherlock writhes against his tentacle, his breath coming in shocked little sips, the sound of it driving John wild. “Oh god – there – there –”
.” He finally seems to notice Carlton’s look and John’s silent laughter. His eyes narrow. “Don’t you,
“Think we might dispense with the rest of our clothing this next time around?” He plucks at John’s vest with his free hand.
“You know –” John’s voice hitches, and he clears his throat once, twice, “– there’s something I haven’t said – we haven’t said –” and John could kick himself for that last bit, for presuming, because suddenly he’s not sure; maybe Sherlock really doesn’t want to have this said out loud –
“Yes? Oh –!” Sherlock finally notices that one tentacle has wound its way down to the curve of his arse. “Oh,” he breathes.
“John – John, in the –” Sherlock’s hands are everywhere, clutching at John’s sides and hips and arse, leaving heat and longing in their wake.
. Sherlock’s mouth is full of words, right now, dangerous ones, and in an effort to keep those from slipping out he shoves out others; and so because deductions are safer than declarations, he says:
Sherlock makes a pleased sound, and to the detriment of John sinking away from wakefulness, squirms into that snug hold.
they’d had with dinner. Bits of wrapping paper are strewn about, an almost artful twist of ribbon curled throughout here and there. Less haphazardly placed are the presents now unwrapped – a cashmere scarf and an alpaca wool jumper both carefully folded, books on beekeeping and novel convention stacked neatly, and finally a set off papers, heavy weight document parchments all bound together, in pride of place at the very top.
Sherlock takes a breath and continues: “John is honest about his passions, makes no secrets of his wants, and has always openly acted upon his desires.” There’s the tiniest of twitches at the corner of Sherlock’s mouth, and John can’t help but read into it, remembering all the dates he’d paraded through 221B in the past, and suddenly feeling rather ill for it. “As such,” Sherlock adds, “John has no need of ‘secret sexual fantasies.’” He manages to imbue the phrase with enough disdain to strip paint. “A trait we share, although for different reasons.”
“What was that for?” Sherlock asks when John finishes with his mouth and his breath, although it doesn’t sound like he’s complaining.
The chime sounds, and beside him, Sherlock stops fidgeting, fingers stilling against one another where he’s clasped them.
He wonders how he would feel for John, doesn’t know if there’s a way to ensure that John will like being inside him enough to want to do it again, to not leave, to - perhaps - choose Sherlock over other options indefinitely, but he can hope and he can want, and oh how he does.
Soft lips shift against John’s skin, unintentionally at first, it seems, but then they press a path to John’s right nipple, and take it in a gentle pinch between them. John hisses a breath, feels the sensation arch his spine and curl his toes.
“You two are just lovely,” Carlton simpers, and John has to work at keeping a smile on his face. Whatever exists between him and Sherlock, nebulous as it is, the last thing it wants or needs is to be put into words by the glib man in front of them.
Without discussing it, they both aim for the outcropping, picking their steps carefully as they approach water chopped and swirled into little eddies by the rocks, until at last they clamber up onto the lip of the closest rock and peer inside. There, protected from wind and notice on all sides by stacked boulders, is a little inlet: a slope, smooth as anything, of the finest, palest sand, curving gently down into the water. Water licks up along that sand, the waves tame, their approach dulled by the steady slope and the stone wave breakers.
It’s slightly awkward, because they’re still seated, and also because it’s obvious Sherlock wasn’t expecting it, and then realized that his in-character persona
John feels his way through a couple of different angles, and when he finds the one that makes Sherlock arch and drop a shocked ‘
They’d been living together so long before John’s Tide came in, and then choosing each other had happened so quickly after Sherlock discovered John’s true nature, and somehow in between knowing each other better than anyone else and choosing to spend the rest of their lives together, they seemed to have missed an important step. But understanding it doesn’t excuse it, and John needs to fix it, now, needs to wash the worry from the downward cast of Sherlock’s eyes, the downward slope of the corners of his mouth.
The audience reaction is a mixture of laughter and ‘ooooh’ noises. John and Sherlock share a confused glance, but even as they do, the other couples are already busy writing furiously.
Sherlock slips two fingers in, twists them, and then slips in three, staying just ahead of John’s readiness so that the stretch is sharp but not painful, the way they’ve found John likes to be breached. “Sherlock, I’m ready,” John says as he clamps down on the urge to thrash, “do it, do it now, please –”
“Oh.” John blinks, looks away from Sherlock’s eyes. The curtains are dropping, closing out the show, and already stage hands are darting forward, wheeling empty booths to the side, snatching up the answer cards before John can even blink. He doesn’t fully understand the profound sense of loss he feels at having his and Sherlock’s cards taken with the rest, but it’s there nonetheless. “Sherlock?”
A sharp, high sounds escapes Sherlock, and his hands find John’s shoulders, and they’re shaking so that John can’t tell if he’s being pulled closer or pushed away.
He laughs a breathless laugh into Sherlock’s mouth and chin, and Sherlock lifts away for a moment, looks down into his face. The look of surprised joy in his eyes has John twining his arms around Sherlock’s shoulders and neck, reeling him in for more kisses, angling Sherlock’s neck so he can drag lips and teeth along it, pulling shivers and gasps from Sherlock with each touch.
“Yeah,” John breathes, and he has barely a moment to see his answer land and ignite inside Sherlock before the next kiss, Sherlock’s mouth urgent against John’s, calling up a matching need inside him, and everything turns a bit clumsy – hands grasping, clutching, clinging, lips sliding, noses bumping –
They’re by the entrance to Regent’s Park. Sherlock tilts his head towards it, and John ducks his own in agreement, and without a word, they set off on the pathway, choosing the one that more or less meanders towards home.
“Sherlock, even if I say yes – which I’m not – I don’t see how being on stage and embarrassed will help anything.”
Sherlock’s jaw drops open, and he’s quick to turn the movement into a question: “You – you’re – just like this?”
“Sherlock –” John says, and his voice quakes with strain, and his face is very close, his breath breaking upon Sherlock’s cheeks and wet lips.
John feels the clench, braces for Sherlock to come, but just then Sherlock’s arms give out and he collapses against John’s chest, quivering on the edge of release, and keening.
John tangles his right hand with Sherlock’s left, takes hold of Sherlock’s waist with his left, and then he’s moving – slowly to start, pulling back and pushing forward, and Sherlock breathes and breathes around the hazy pleasure/pain of the friction, and John must feel the drag, because he slows, pulls out, fiddles with the lubricant, and then his back, sliding (
“Alright, let’s take this competition up a notch, shall we?” Carlton smirks at the audience. “The Watsons and the Amesons tie for first, team Willis is ten points behind – never fear, this round each question is worth ten points – get one right and you’re back in the running!” Carlton beams at the three couples.
“ – it was simply an experiment involving the active chemical compounds found in most smoke grenades. Quite manageable and safe – until the end there.” He frowns to himself, eyes darting side to side in thought. “Quite possibly the addition of that last titrand was a bit…ambitious.”
John runs his free right hand down Sherlock’s side, lets his nails scratch lightly over the crest of his hip, and then smooth down along his thigh. When he reaches the knee, he hooks his fingers under and grips, lifting Sherlock’s leg, letting it fold as he pushes it up. Sherlock’s stomach and the few curls of pubic hair that were caught in the mess are now clean, so John moves lower, leans down, rubs his lips along Sherlock’s inner thigh to where his come is still marking Sherlock.
John pries the words loose from his throat and says them, refuses to let them get stuck this time, because they need to be said: “I love you, Sherlock.”
“Let’s meet the contestants!” Carlton Jones bounds across the stage. He has dark brown hair and eyes and a smile so full to the brim with white teeth that is seems like he’s trying to show them off all at once. A quick wave to the audience, few quick strides back to the contestants, and he’s well-settled into his patter, introducing Geoffrey and Hannah Ameson (in their twenties and just married two weeks prior), Stephen and Jenny Willis (in their thirties, married close to six months), and –
“What?” John asks, indignant, but not upset. His nipples are both standing to attention, and his skin is prickling all over, as awake as the rest of him. “How did I –?”
“Yes.” Sherlock breathes out a few even breaths against John. “It’s...good.” His voice is still quiet, but it seems, perhaps, a bit more sure of what it’s saying.
The sofa is suddenly behind John, and then they are tipping, toppling, sprawling onto it. John’s never gone from vertical to horizontal faster, and that’s counting all three continents.
Still, Sherlock has a point, so John snorts at him and his point — and his thieving of John’s lines, while he’s at it. It’s ridiculous that John should be sick when Sherlock is the one who fell in the Thames last week. Twice.
Sherlock lets go and John slides down a little, and Sherlock lunges forward to stop him slipping back into the water, but then flinches back. John thinks it must be that Sherlock realizes John won’t drown if he slips back under, but then he sees the shock and confusion on Sherlock’s face and finally looks down at himself.
Sherlock grimaces. “How can it be?” he asks bitterly. “There’s so much I can’t do – for you, with you –”
Sherlock turns to glare at John, mouth open and armed with something scathing no doubt – but just then Carlton pipes up: “Boys, boys, save some for round two, yes? And five points to team Watson while we’re at it, though honestly, I’ve never seen a couple go at each other for getting an answer
“What?” John barks out a laugh. “If only! It’s thumbs and livers and microwaved eyeballs that he lets go ‘whiffy’!” John shoots Sherlock a not-quite-mock glare; if Sherlock’s going to poke at fun at him with his answers, then John might as well get in a few of his own.
With a gasp, John surrenders to that same sensation, does what feels right, what feels needed, lets his body and limbs hold Sherlock up and at an angle, arches against him, captures lips and tongue in ravenous kisses, and lets the slide of skin and touch inside and out consume him, consume them both and then Sherlock cries out, mewling as John stiffens in an arch and comes, filling his mate with warm pumps of slick.
John gasps into the kiss as their cocks touch – hot and hard, beginning to dew at the tips – and then grinds his hips down as Sherlock pushes up. He leans in again to capture the little sounds welling from Sherlock’s throat, keen little noises of surprise and urgency.
John kisses him, breathless, and his mouth is cool from his panting. He’s still inside Sherlock, and for a moment Sherlock thinks maybe John’s refractory period will allow for a quick turnaround, and that maybe he’ll have his chance after all – but then John is twisting his hips gingerly, and he slips out, soft and spent.
John snorts. "Starving, actually." The wine is still in his hands, out of Sherlock's line of sight, but John finds himself making a decision right then and there. From the outside, it would have looked sudden, spontaneous – but to John it feels like puzzle pieces falling into place. "We should finally open this."
John can barely blink as he drinks in Sherlock’s skin, the dark, springy curls around his flushed and leaking erection. Sherlock’s arousal – the fact that he’s affected by John, John’s want – is beyond arousing. John takes a steadying breath. It’s beyond anything he’s ever thought he’d feel.
Sherlock takes one last, lingering look at John beside him as he wants him to be, sated, and his eyes are saying the things Sherlock won’t let spill from his lips, so Sherlock closes his eyes in the sun-drenched nursery, takes a deep breath, and opens his eyes in the kitchen and Christmas.
They’re both tired, so when Sherlock starts to laugh, at first it’s just a breathy shaking of his shoulders. He manages a few actual peals of laughter before it devolves into a full body shake, little snips of sound emerging as he tries to gasp for air. John chuckles along, but his curiosity and puzzlement keep him from joining in all the way.
The still noticeable pain in his torso when he bends or breathes deeply is further reminder of the present - but Sherlock doesn’t want to be here. He doesn’t want to be
Instead John comes to stand beside Sherlock, peering curiously at the leftovers of a childhood best forgotten.
Everything is bathed in the soft and glowing light from the fire burned low, from the lamps turned dim. Everything is bathed in stillness, the hushed silence parting only for a contented sigh, and beyond that, the velvet sound of falling snow.
,” he manages, and then his neck arches back as John sets a rhythm, insistent, hypnotic, his movements smooth and even.
better spent with John, so much so that even when John is gone (to Tesco’s, to work, to the pub), Sherlock yet again continues to talk with him as if he were present, running theories and extrapolations by him, running through various scenarios and outcomes with him…
There is a long pause – one John is loath to end. On one hand, prolonging Sherlock’s confusion is cruel – but on the other, it’s just plain
At last Sherlock seems to shake himself free of his daze, and he slips a hand into the water, between John’s legs, to join his tentacle, long fingers finding and plundering John’s sensitive spots before finding the slickened clench of John’s anus and pressing inside.
John leans in, and this time Sherlock is unmistakably pulling him closer, and his mouth opens under John’s with a soft gasp and a softer sound. John crowds closer, feeling every space between them, measured in years in the past, in inches now, and every last iota of distance is
“I want, if you want,” John says into Sherlock’s ear, curls shifting against his forehead as they move together. Sherlock nods, and John continues, “So let’s dance, and then we can go home and –”
Oh. Back to business – to before – then. John flexes his hand, nods firmly. “Got what you needed, then?”
John makes an encouraging sound, pushes closer, takes him deeper, and Sherlock stiffens with a cry before his hips shudder into motion, twitching and pressing forward even as he curls over John, as if he wants to envelop him, as if he can no longer keep up right. John’s skin lights up in sympathy, pleasure ghosting along his flanks, his spine, his legs, and his fingers clutch convulsively at Sherlock’s hips, as if addicted to that touch, that pressure.
“And a lung exam, yes, and afterwards, if you’re tired, you can have the couch.” John feels like he’s rambling, wonders why he’s suddenly trying to convince this man he’s just met (who, according to all available evidence, causes enough trouble in his spare time that he’s on texting terms with fire services) to follow him home. All he knows is that his leg isn’t hurting for the first time in weeks and weeks and weeks – but what does hurt is the thought of climbing those stairs, closing the flat door behind him, sealing himself in with the silence and the emptiness again.
“I want everything. John,” and Sherlock feels a thrill, electric, at saying John’s name like this, at the beginning of a request for intimate contact, out loud where it might affect the outcome of real events, “touch me, please, just –”
Strangely enough, that thought calms John, gives him hope, which makes him daring, which makes him honest. He decides on what he knows and what he hopes. He writes down his answers and waits.
–” John dissolves into giggling, and Sherlock is laughing in his arms, bare shoulders shaking against his.
Experimenting on what, though? John’s patience is as likely a candidate (and casualty) as any when it comes to Sherlock’s whimsies and curiosities. And yet, when a text had instructed him to change into a casual suit (laid out for him, typical) and go to a specific address, John had complied with a bare-minimum of reluctance.
,” he says, and he sounds equal parts confident and nervous, his words’ strut undercut by the question in his eyes and the careful press of his skin against Sherlock’s.
But when John opens his mouth and tries to take breath to speak water rushes in instead, and for a moment his land-lungs panic –
“Hnn,” John says, using his thighs to shove Sherlock up higher, getting them closer, and now, now everything’s in line, in place, and –
– oh – oh there, yes,” John breathes, and Sherlock feels his mouth fall open, slack at the feeling of being breached, but at the same moment it seems to be happening distantly, to his transport and not to him, and his eyes can rove over John’s face, see the tension flow through his shoulders and arms and spine and thighs, see it shudder through him in waves, waves that break at their joining, and Sherlock finds he’s quivering as well, helpless to fight the high sounds that escape his throat in snips and snatches, little sips of sound.
“Aren’t you – don’t you need me to stop – or – or?” John gasps, and Sherlock urges him deeper with another deft, twisting, pull-stroke.
“No, stop being an idiot,” he slurs, giving John a minor heart attack and making him want to smack him in short succession.
,” Sherlock urges, and John looks up then, still blinking back the half-sleep his body had managed to scrape together, his tours in distant, drier sands having taught him how to be awake and aware despite aching fatigue. He does so now, trying to absorb as much of his surroundings as possible, in case this isn’t a planned stop, in case this is the beginning of some new trouble.
And promptly sits down hard as he goes weak at the knees. He manages to plug the drain with the stopper, wanting water, water, water lapping at his skin, wanting skin, wanting –
And Sherlock does, his muscles loosing and John finds he can slide in, and in, and in, finally extending fully into his mate – and then out again in a long, slow retreat. Every breath Sherlock takes seems to be a gasp, every exhale a shocked moan as John’s body overwhelms his with sensation, with stimulus: undiluted pleasure.
Sherlock shudders, clenches ineffectually against the slippery intrusion. “You’re – ah – quite cool, actually.”
They are both drained, and that fact is written in their weak hands and heavy leaning against each other, and finally they sink down beside each other, breathing and watching and breathing, breathing, breathing.
“Oh.” John blinks. “That’s” – he searches for the right word, gropes about in the gaping, gobsmacked expanse of his mind until it slots into place: “
And just like that, all at once, John knows. Sherlock’s hands clasped, his eyes angled away, his shoulders hunched: nerves.
"Sherlock?" John would say, his voice lilting up in a question at the end (except this time, maybe it would be an offer).
“Sherlock, if you’ll let me, I will show you what I want for the rest of our lives.” Sherlock’s eyes are wide when they meet John’s serious gaze. “And it’s you.”
"Don't be ridiculous, John," Sherlock says, rolling his eyes, but there's a bit of a smile still sticking to the corners of his mouth.
“Oh.”  John shifts his weight back and forth as they watch smoke curl up into the sky. His toes are numb, his legs are cold, and every inch of his skin is breaking out in gooseflesh. For some odd reason, he finds the corners of his mouth keep creeping up into a grin. “Well in that case, no reason to stay out here, is there?”
John groans, flinging an arm up over his eyes as Sherlock starts rocking back, fucking himself on John’s swiftly unfurling tentacle tip – and then they both gasp as the second stage heat and swelling fill Sherlock, and Sherlock stills his undulating, gasping again and again, and the shocked quality of his voice has John leaning up on his elbows to get a better look – and yes – Sherlock’s cock is filling again slowly, but undeniably.
Against his chest, dark curls move, and an exhale flares damp and hot against cool skin. John tightens his right arm around shoulders and knobby spine, rocking his head against the cushion of his left arm.
Instead he gives into that constant urge to let his thoughts drift and touch and taste. It’s a well-known path for his thoughts to tread; it is simple, almost easy, here in the flat, familiar territory coupled with ample opportunity: mornings together, afternoons together, evenings together; dining together, returning from cases, tending each other’s (not-so-minor) wounds… So many chances for hands to brush, eyes to linger, fire to spark.
John wakes to the sound of water on water – rain on the surface of the sea above him – and Sherlock’s voice, the combination of which is rather nice.
"That was gorgeous," John says this time, surprising Sherlock again, but he lets it stand, generous just this once, but in the next moment John adds:
It’s incorrect to say John lets the sun take his water – rather, he gives it willingly on a shore near what he learns is a city called London. He goes on to learn a great many things in that city, too, but its name is the first thing he learns on land, and he always holds it close. Later John joins the army, sees the great wide world, and gets shot for his trouble. John nearly dies in the most statistically unlikely place for his kind.
Sherlock cries out. His muscles shake, dropping him lower, and his stomach quivers and presses against John’s exposed skin – and oh, that is a new and glorious closeness. His skin is hot, soft, smooth, instantly addictive. John rubs his palm against the tight bud of Sherlock’s nipple, and again, revelling in the shivers running through him. With each pass John lets his palm cover more distance, going further down that taut stomach.
It’s a smirk that twists those lips this time, and the man flicks his eyes over John’s body. “Haircut, stance, tan lines,” he lists, almost blasé. “And the limp. Almost didn’t recognise you without it – saw you take up temporary residence yesterday, cane and rifleman jacket in attendance – and yet here you are, without any of those things, almost a completely different man. I
Certainly, John had been aware of the beach – not this specific one, mind, but rather the beach in general; the edge of the sea – the entire time they’d been in Wrentham. John, by dint of genetics, is always aware of proximity of the ocean, in the same way that he knows which way is up and which way is down, and that North, South, East, and West aren’t going to swap places overnight. He’d known Wrentham was a forty-five minute stroll from the sea in the same way he’d known that it would take five days of relentless hike to get from where he’d been deployed during his first tour to where blue water licked up against the scorched and wounded land.
John draws air in laboriously. “That’s my line.” He accepts the cup again, and the tablets popped from blister packs by Sherlock while he coughed. He drinks the rest of the water, washing down the medicine and its foul after taste.
Sherlock huffs, but does lift himself slowly, away from the refuge of John’s blind-spot. His cheek has a crease where John’s pillow has left its mark. His curls are a tousled mess. His eyes are rather bright, perhaps a bit shinier than usual.
The way John’s next breath is rather shaky tells Sherlock his attempt at communicating might have been successful, because it seems John is overcome; he tilts his head away from Sherlock’s, which won’t do, because Sherlock means to hunt down his mouth and taste this moment, and he squirms and curls around John until their lips slot together, and their mouths are almost acidic with emotion, the tang of what was just said coating their tongues and lips and jaws and throats and eyes and –
There’s dampness threatening at the corners of Sherlock’s eyes, so he tilts his chin up and blinks, panting shallowly, his body throbbing with use, thrumming with deep pangs of pleasure, even as he realizes, wonderingly,
“Car,” he says. There’d been no need to bring his mobile – not with Sherlock in sight, at hand, and delightfully post-case. John’s fingers feel hot, buzzing, hungry for touch, for skin, for Sherlock.
John’s body, in his sleep, in this tub, in this water, seems to be trying to remember itself. Seems to be
In answer and evidence, Sherlock untangles himself, rolls over, reaches, opens the bedside table drawer, and pulls what he needs from it. The whole maneuver takes less than three seconds. John is almost laughing when Sherlock slaps the bottle of lubricant into his palm, but he sobers up almost immediately. Sherlock expects him to make a crack about being ‘eager,’ but John’s eyes and lips and hands and cock – oh
“’s fine,” Sherlock mumbles on an exhale. He clears his throat. “It’s fine,” he says again, and John grins. Sherlock sighs as John reaches his abdomen and starts wiping more firmly, cleaning him in broad strokes.
He feathers another kiss against the back of Sherlock’s hands, notices them trembling. “Will you come here?” he asks then, opening his arms to receive Sherlock – and then nearly pitches back as Sherlock just slumps into him, arms twining around him in a passable imitation of an octopus.
The bloom of heat along his tentacle is glorious, a release all its own as water and blood rush to engorge his tentacle where it makes its way steadily deeper into Sherlock, who stiffens with a cry and freezes, rigid with pleasure. “---
Words fall away, then, replaced by gasping as they move together, a mutual rhythm that has John thrusting up and into Sherlock, urged by his arms and legs, urged by every bit of skin, by every shocked cry of pleasure from those lips.
It’s three weeks after Sherlock’s discovery (weeks filled with chases and evenings together and Sherlock trying to see if John will avoid eating certain foods – like sushi – or prefers them, as the case may be) that John wakes from dreams of distant, dull roars, of a heaving, roiling sky, of the pull of water and a far-away weight. His back is sore, his muscles are weak, his mattress is damp.
“…Sea people?” John catches half a breath, and then tumbles into laughter. “Oh god, it’s perfect – and also
Sherlock trembles, and it seems that slight tremor is enough to dislodge the mask, the distance; they’re breathing the same air again, drinking the same moment.
John pulls back, breathless, and asks, “Is this alright? Sherlock?” and Sherlock pants against the tightness in his chest, because for once it’s not just a question, but an offer, and –
“John, do not make me talk about Mycroft and his penchant for poking his nose in everybody’s business right now. Please. Just trust me, if you weren’t clean, I’d be the first to know. After Mycroft, that is, but –”
On his way back to the room, John pauses, considering, then goes back to snag the tiramisu before bringing the whole lot back to Sherlock’s room.
"Gone six," Sherlock murmurs. "You wanted to check your temperature at six." He sounds unsure of himself, somehow.
“But you wanted more,” Sherlock says, the barest curl upwards of his voice at the end, a hesitation John wouldn’t have expected or known to watch for, before today.
Sherlock glances at John, then away again, a half-smile tucked quickly away, as if not sure of its welcome. “It wasn’t difficult,” he begins, his voice just a little smug, but not cruel as it can be when deducing others’ secrets. “You mentioned a beach near London, one where evidence of human activity was near non-existent, and where the water was cleaner, more palatable. Taking into account the currents and the predominant pollutants about twenty years ago and that leaves a few areas of relatively ‘clean’ beach front along the coast North of London. One of those is near Felixstowe – but the presence of a bustling ferry system and some major shipping routes rules it out.” Sherlock rocks on his bare feet, hand sin his coat pockets, just as if he were at a chalk outline, explaining how it came to be necessary.
“Next on the list,” he continues, “is Lowestoft – but the rather developed and sub-developed nature of most of the beachfront property makes it an unlikely landfall choice for someone trying to avoid notice, especially since most of the structures have been in place for at least twenty-five to thirty years. So,” Sherlock says with a grin tossed at John, caught up in his own cleverness and the flow of his sentences, his words rolling from his mouth like pebbles in the wash, “that leaves this place: just South of Dunwich, but North of the Bird Sanctuary of Minsmere.”
“John, stop teasing,” he demands, but the breathless quality of his voice steals most of its severity.
John feels the rhythm of their steps mirrored in his heartbeat, steady, unfaltering. He steals a glance sideways, then again, because Sherlock is made for starlight, and then John looks off away into the lamp-cushioned dark of the trees and winter growth. He’s smiling again, doesn’t care to stop it, because there’s plenty of pathway on either side of them, but their shoulders are almost brushing.
“Has the shine worn off, yet?” Sherlock asks suddenly, and John hears the echo of that worry in that question. He leans his head against Sherlock’s shoulder.
“Awake, then, are you?” John teases, twining his fingers in Sherlock’s hair. The lips around his nipple close for a quick, hard suck. “Hey!”
John shudders as his whole body seems to pulse, and the water level in the tub dips noticeably even as his fleshy tentacles grow a little less flimsy, filling and reshaping themselves with this new water.
“A few weeks ago I would have thought you were impossible,” Sherlock begins, walking into the kitchen in his blue robe, and John – not quite catching on – wants to scoff and argue,
And then – well – there’s always the sea, John knows, never too far away in London. If this happened once, maybe it could happen again, a feast of saltwater and Sherlock to tempt John’s other form from dormancy.
, “John, I –” to peel them from his throat and tongue where they cling, “I –” choking him with panic, but he can’t, so he says, “Me, too,” again and hopes.
Sherlock sighs, as if it’s a great strain to find a flaw to share, but when he answers, John is taken aback at the thoughtful nature of it: “Borrowing things without permission. Doing anything without permission, actually.” Sherlock pauses, shrugs one shoulder. “Probably my general disregard for asking permission. In fact, John is at least thirty-five percent less likely to get angry with me over some transgression if I take the precaution of acquiring permission ahead of time, even if I end up overstepping the bounds of said permission in the process.”
“Yes.” Sherlock follows, keeps his hold on John’s hand. “My bed.” With a tug, he urges John to follow him, and John does, and close behind, his free hand coming up to touch Sherlock’s hip, unwilling to be parted from that skin even for a moment.
Sherlock’s cock is soft in John’s cupped palm, warm and sweat-damp. His bollocks hang lower than John’s do, but aren’t quite as full. He curls his fist loosely around Sherlock’s shaft, and yes – he can feel it begin to plump just a little. He looks up to see Sherlock watching him with eyes slightly closed and mouth slightly open. That sight alone gets John well on his own way back to firm, and that’s before taking into account the warm, barely-there massage of Sherlock’s touch.
“Your last test results were satisfactory. And I have been clean for a long time, John.” Slender fingers curl around John’s waist, insistent, guiding, bring him back over Sherlock.
“No,” he says at last, resigned to Sherlock avoiding the rest he needs. “It hasn’t. I never thought I would have a Tide, to be honest. I didn’t have one back in my home water. None of this should work. My pheromones shouldn’t affect you, and you shouldn’t affect me.”
Sherlock holds it up. “But, well.” He pulls at his lower lip with his teeth. “You were sleeping. So.” His hand finds John’s forehead again.
A moment later, he comes back with another kiss, and then rests his cheek against John’s. John lets one of his hands drift up to bury itself in the curls at Sherlock’s nape. “I meant what I said earlier, you know. I love you,” he says quickly, quietly, before awkward hesitation can stop the words. They’re just new enough to his mouth that they sit oddly, emerge strangely, and leave John feeling as if he’s just miss-stepped – but then Sherlock makes a choked sound in the back of his throat and holds John even tighter, angling his face to press kiss after kiss to John’s jaw, his cheek, the corner of his mouth –
John brushes the thumb of his left hand along where Sherlock’s forearm where it’s draped over his sternum. “It wasn’t all at once,” he admits, and his voice is steady even if everything else feels like the words are rattling his foundation. He clears his throat. “Took ages.” John swallows, nods his chin towards his chest. “I’m sorry it took so long.”
Carlton boggles at them both. His eyebrows are in danger of becoming one with his hairline. “So you’re saying John’s right? You don’t fantasize at all?”
“Be willing,” John breathes, losing himself to the idea. “Be open.” Words from long ago fill his mouth, from elders John had discounted at the time. “Be mine.” John’s hand lifts from the water, grips the edge of the tub before finding Sherlock’s hand and clasping it. “Are you?” He trembles; even taking Sherlock’s hand feels potent, lights his palm and fingers and wrist in touch.
John gapes at Sherlock, because it isn’t a question, and it doesn’t have to be; there’s no question about the veracity of his statements.
John pauses on the landing – and yes, even with sleep-dulled eyes, Sherlock can see the signs of an evening spent at the local pub on jacket sleeves and shirt cuffs, hands and under-eyes. It must still be the same night – and before midnight, too – but then why –
Sherlock opens his mouth, begins to say, “I lo–” but John is kissing him, unable to keep from doing so again and again. Sherlock kisses back despite a surprised huff and a few half-hearted noises of irritation. “John,” he breaks away, “I’m trying to say –”
,” Sherlock manages, and he feels John’s hesitation, but then he feels his resolution as well, because with one last, stretching twist, John’s fingers are gone, and there are sounds – lubricant and flesh and friction as John prepares himself – but no visuals accompany them because, despite his continued efforts to keep them open and catalogue everything, Sherlock’s eyes are shut. It’s desperately unfair – Sherlock needs the records, because what if John doesn’t like this? What if this is the only time this happens? What if
Opening his legs also allows John to look at Sherlock’s belly, slick and sloppy with his release. John lets his gaze travel down Sherlock’s body to where they were joined, where his own come is beginning to leak from Sherlock. He reaches a finger down, swipes it up along a drop-trail, until he brushes lightly over Sherlock’s anus, which twitches under his touch.
tired. He’s fading from wakefullness with each moment, whether he wants it or not. God, it’s been years since he was this sick.
He groans against Sherlock’s mouth, and Sherlock gasps, lips pressed fiercely now to John’s, and then his tongue is there, a flash of heat and wet, swiping at John’s bottom lip as if stealing a taste before retreating.
For several long, honeyed moments, that’s the only thought in John’s head – but with Sherlock’s taste in his mouth, it’s the only one that will fit.
“As for not having any pheromones – I beg to differ.” John lifts and pushes and takes Sherlock’s cock into his mouth in one, steady movement, drinks in his taste, his sounds, relishes the way Sherlock’s fingers seize and tangle in his hair. He pulls back, groans out, “Oh, Sherlock, amazing – want you –” and then surges forward to take him in his mouth again and again.
Sherlock smiles against John’s cheek, then shakes his head. “Nor I.” His eyelashes tickle John’s brow as he blinks.
Sherlock groans, tilts his head into John’s touch, and John can’t resist. He darts out his tongue and laps at the dewy sweat where Sherlock’s jaw meets his neck, savours the half-swallowed cry that elicits. He can’t decide whether the salt or sound of Sherlock is more intoxicating.
Sherlock’s breathing grows harsher, loud beside John’s ear, and it almost seems far away, removed somehow, when John’s tentacle stills its undulation, stiffens as it reaches further out from the slit, and begins to push into Sherlock with tiny surges. They both groan, Sherlock’s eyes wide with surprise, John’s slitted with tightly reined pleasure.
John reaches up, his breath stilling in his lungs, and places a hand flat against Sherlock’s sternum. His thumb just brushes the edge of the scar.
Sherlock dips his head and captures the sensitive tip of John’s right ventral tentacle in his mouth, which is hot and wet. He begins suckling almost immediately, coaxing the tentacle deeper before John even has a moment to respond beyond gasping and arching, almost forgetting to curl his tentacle’s edges in on themselves to keep the suckers from harming Sherlock’s tongue. The hasty movement squeezes more of John’s pheromone-laden wetness out, and Sherlock groans at the sudden flood, swallows and licks and goes limp in John’s hold even as his pelvis begins to tilt towards John’s mouth, eager, urging.
“With the Amesons and the Watsons tied for first, and team Willis ten points behind, it’s anybody’s game as we enter the
"That must mean it’s good advice, then," Sherlock says calmly, taking the cup again. Now both hands have something to hold, and they still.
,” voice raw with want and an edge of uncertainty – and then John’s second dorsal tentacle surges forward, eager, taking Sherlock in one, insistent push, cool at first then flushing hot and hard, unfurling inside, and Sherlock cries out inarticulate, again and again as John takes him, claims him, fore-tentacles holding him still, holding him up, the sheath spreading him for John once more. “Oh fuck, Sherlock, oh god you’re gorgeous,” John says, cannot but say, as Sherlock’s damp curls shift with each thrust, as his plush mouth parts with his panting, and his eyes flicker with sensation, his skin painted with arousal.
Sherlock makes a choked-off sound, a stuttering of surprise and arousal as John strokes his perineum firmly, spreading the slick gel lower, lower.
The man huffs out a laugh. “Please, no need to subdue your voice – even the simplest cretin here knows where the smoke is coming from.” He sniffs. “Although, to my credit, there’s no
"Because I’m impossible." Sherlock’s smirking, but he’s looking at John through his lashes, and the whole effect is devastating in a way John’s been coming to terms with.
They end up on their sides, the open box between them, sharing the fork back and forth, polishing off the generous portion of Angelo’s finest. It is the same recipe as always, and it’s also the best it’s ever tasted.
John chooses to respond to the humour for the moment, laughs and says, “No it isn’t, you git!” but he feels his own eyes show his hand, just a little, cautious and hopeful.
“There, there, oh,” John groans, and Sherlock watches as John’s hands grip and adjust his hips, as John’s own hips pump into him, and he can feel each new angle register slightly brighter, incrementally better until –
John is grateful that he is sitting down. The sex fantasy question had been bad enough, but this? This is a whole new level of things John doesn’t want to think about – never mind say out loud! – on a stage. And this time it’s not because he doesn’t think he has an answer.
“Say it?” Sherlock whispers, and it could so easily have been a command, but his voice curls up at the end, unsure.
“How do you – what do you –?” John asks, desire weaving its quiver into his words. Part of him hasn’t really caught up to this, to reality, to this reality where this is happening – but that part is dwindling, unimportant. What is important is the man in his arms; touching him, holding him. His hands ache every time he lifts them from Sherlock, even if it’s just to hold or grip anew.
