To John’s astonishment, Sherlock pulled out a weathered, brown envelope.
“But she’s dead,” John said.
* * * * *
Naturally. Or she would have been caught a long time ago.
John sank back in his chair, stunned.
Sherlock smiled intensely, and momentarily looked down, seeming to collect himself.
“Er, yes, as a matter of fact, he asked for a transfer back yesterday afternoon.” Bob was now eying Sherlock suspiciously. “Did you
“Just as pretty as her mum, you see?” said Mary’s smug voice in his head.
-- John has been shot by Eurus Moriarty. The East Wind has come. SH
Just deflect the question, Sherlock thought. Change the subject. “The mortuary; your favourite room,” he said. “You talk to the dead. You make your confession to them.”
you completely, Sherlock.” John looked at him one long moment with his lips pressed tightly together. “Like stuff that happened in your past.” He looked away at the floor. “Of course, I don’t need to know
Surrendering himself to John had felt strange and awkward at first (especially without doing anything back), but the way John had looked at him and had kept covering him with tender kisses – as if he’d never seen anything more precious in the world – had made him feel safe in a way he’d never experienced before.
Mycroft had promised to keep an eye on him, but had failed rather spectacularly. His current whereabouts were unknown.
Like a beam of sunlight suddenly illuminating something that had already been there, John suddenly saw their relationship in a new light. Contrary to what he had initially feared, deep down – that Sherlock might quickly get bored with John and the whole relationship thing, let alone with having to help raise Chloe – John now unequivocally realised, clear as day, that that wasn’t going to happen. The relationship they had now been in for three months was more stable than anything he had ever experienced or seen. On top of which, Sherlock was as good a father as anyone could wish for.
There was an awkward silence, in which John tried to piece the puzzle together. When Sherlock said their relationship was never ‘real’, did he mean they hadn’t even..?
She was fast, but they were faster.
“What’s up?” John’s voice suddenly said right next to him.
“But she wasn’t ever here?” John asked.
Everything had been resolved. No loose ends left.
“I cheated on Mary.” John clenched his jaw. “There was a woman on the bus, and I had a plastic daisy in my hair. I’d been playing with Rosie.” He paused for a moment, then raised his eyes. “And this girl just smiled at me. That’s all it was; it was a smile. What is
He jerked back to the present.
As soon as it was sent, he deleted the message from Violet’s ‘sent items’, so as not to leave any trace of his actions.
Mary smiled as the chef arrived with the plates, “We've planned your wedding dinner to your exact specifications,” He said as he laid the first course in front of them, “Please, enjoy.”
“Don't ask if you don't want to know big brother...” Was all she said as she sauntered in and closed the door behind her.
He thought.
Sherlock's eyes filled with tears at the thought of leaving the commitments column now as he remembered some of John's first few words to him when he'd found out William Scott was actually Sherlock Holmes,
John tries to explain, “Well it’s just that you two —”
Sherlock raises a brow and finally sits up to check for himself, a smile still on his face until he sees who the message is from. ‘Captain Clueless’  the title reads, he raises his eyes to Irene and says “Hilarious.”
Sherlock glares at the tiny screen, huffs, considers firing off a message, then stomps to his room with his violin.
.’ Her mind pleads.
Lestrade laughs while Sherlock sighs, fixing his own curls in the mirror mutters, “She’s not wrong,” then turning around asks, “Alright, is everyone ready?”
“Where's John?” He'd asked.
He sends the message then follows it with a longer one:
Sherlock put his hand on his heart in mock hurt and smirked at John.
“It was like one of those flashes of lightning just ahead, John, the
And to be honest, John would have been a lot more embarrassed at that revelation if he wasn’t so turned on at the moment. No, his interfering landlady is the last thing he’s thinking about right now. Instead, John is thinking of the many thousands of ways with which he could make Sherlock moan and grunt his name. John sighs as he mouths at Sherlock’s skin, rubs his hands up the other man’s arms until he reaches his neck, brings them up further to pull that face down for a searing embrace. As predicted, Sherlock melts in his arms, a low sound escaping him as he lets John twist his tongue into his mouth.
“God, FUCKING dammit! Why?! Why? FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUUUUUUUCK!” John yelled as he punched at the wall to his left.
When Sherlock reaches the hostess, giving her a peck on the cheek as she hugs him in greeting the woman continues, “Mr. Sherlock Holmes! London’s crusher of crime!”
John finds himself entering the clinic early. He knows he’s not scheduled to come in just yet, but fuck if he knows what else to do. The other doctors are at least relieved to see him and no one questions him as he enters his office to begin his work day.
do. People assume that just because she’s a woman and I am a man that automatically means that we have to be in a romantic relationship, —as if sexual preference goes out the window just because we’re of the ‘opposite gender.’ They assume that just because Irene says she wants to do something with me or
, the insolent little shit. John would definitely make him pay for that one, as soon as this stopped feeling so good.
“–That’s just how he is…” John defends, probably too quickly because his lover frowns at him.
Sherlock gave Dimock a rueful smile, “As have you, and Mr. Carter. Don't worry. We'll be fine. Thank you.” Sherlock took the keys and turned to John, “You coming?”
“You like it?” Rosie asks.
As he opens the door Molly visibly jumps back with a squeak, and so hilariously so does Sherlock.
, “Now, as I said, everything is going to be fine, there's no need to be alarmed, I'm just going to have a look upstairs. I must also, however, going to let you all know that my partner and I will be making some rounds around the pub and would appreciate it if everyone stayed until you've all been questioned. You are not legally being held here, of course so you may leave if you wish, but if any of you have any information on Ms. Wilson I'd really appreciate you staying for just a bit, and in exchange I promise to answer any concerns you might have.” Sherlock gave them all a charming smile.
“Oh.” Harry sighed, clearly relieved to hear that.
“That have the desired effect, then?” John asked subtly as Sherlock sat there, seemingly contentedly having a drink.
Everyone in the room seemed to smile as they settled to watch and a cheery song rang out in the background.
I made a few changes to the story's original plot but I feel like it's still going in the direction I want so I'm... happy with it? It's fine. I like it. At this point, I'm writing it more for me, no offense. But um feel free to drop me a line if you like it so far. Or if you hate it too, I guess, but I'll probably cry and never write again so that can be on your conscience if you do decide on that route.
Rosie gives him a dramatic look of betrayal but turns to Sherlock with resignation and says, “Ahhh,” with the haughtiest expression her two-year-old self can manage.
to know that.”
At Sherlock’s silence John asks, worriedly, “Is that okay?”
Irene pulled his arm and turned him to face her, then she she gave him a good slap in the face for good measure.
“Enough,” John breathed, “I don't want this over yet.” He pulled Sherlock back up for a kiss. Sherlock moved back after a moment and settled himself right above John's dick, just on his abdomen. He reached up and pulled some damp curls out of his face as he began grinding himself wantonly above John, every so often allowing John's cock to rub against the cleft of his ass. Sherlock reached down and gripped himself as he moved in slow, tantalizing circles above John, his voice husky as he released soft breathy sighs. He was a fucking vision.
John’s heated gaze is almost unbearable and Sherlock finally asks around a shy smile and a raised brow, “What?”
. They didn’t shame his struggle and his sobriety was shown as the victory it was. Many people, especially fans, were incredibly kind and showed their support for him. The sentimentality of the story and his ability to be vulnerable with everyone made him so much more approachable now. He gained much more supporters than Molly had thought he would with just that interview and it looked like he hadn’t lost any on the way. And how could he have, when he had spoken with such great sincerity? Molly had nearly cried at seeing it. Sherlock was showing a side of himself to London that he’d never shown them before and it was working to his advantage - the people were proving to be just as infatuated with him as Molly was, despite (or perhaps because of) his flaws. They were seeing the man beneath the coat and, clearly, they loved what they saw.
On top of which, room service was proving an ideal way to avoid running into journalists.
* * * * *
Sherlock wanted to disappear into a hole in the ground. He’d texted her. Just an innocent, stupid text, symbolic really – not realising she’d deduce his bloody location from it.
Sherlock had only barely recovered from his unexpected encounter with Amy, absent-mindedly laying roof tiles, when just after lunch time, he noticed his ‘colleague’ James (whose last name was Wilder, he’d discovered) slip around the back of the Hall again, carrying a heavy looking plastic carrier bag.
With the numbers of pupils trampling all over the grounds during breaks on a daily basis, it was no wonder that the grove contained all sorts of evidence, but none that Sherlock could pinpoint as pertinent to Arthur’s disappearance. He noted the little heap of cigarette butts – Marlboro Lights – and the brands of various sweet wraps that he spotted here and there, but otherwise there were no clues to be found without thoroughly combing out the whole area. He decided to leave that to the officers that were already arriving to the spot. He turned to Moore. “Could you show us Mr Meredith’s room now, please?”
“Um. Well, no. Eleven years later, he killed again. On his 18th birthday, for reasons unknown, he lost it, threw over some tables in the common room at the facility, opened the gas on the hob in the kitchen area and managed to run outside, locking everybody in. They all died in the explosion that followed and he was convicted for multiple murder. He spent the next fifteen years in prison.”
“So you’re not sure of his age. You didn’t ask?”
“Yes, I told you. Now would you or wouldn’t you?”
“You can listen to it later,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock pressed the screenlock button a lot more forcefully than necessary and marched over to the nurses station. It would probably take over an hour before an actual constable arrived. And how much security could a single copper at the door really provide? Eurus would likely have no problem entering through the window, or disguising herself as a nurse or a visitor, or even a patient.
Hopkins took hold of Smith’s upper arms from behind.
That night, John had a nightmare that made most of his earlier ones pale in comparison.
It was like there was a happy bubble inside his stomach that was growing dangerously big, bound to burst.
A loud eruption of high-pitched giggles made everyone suddenly turn around towards the kitchen. Mrs Hudson was holding a helium balloon and had apparently inhaled some of the gas, as she announced with a mouse-like voice that
“What happened, Sherlock? Is your despair based on facts or on mere assumptions created by one of those infinitely complicated deductions generated by that overactive brain of yours?” She leaned back and stirred her tea, tilting her head and raising an eyebrow almost amusedly.
Then Sherlock carefully unbuckles John’s belt.
Sherlock had no idea how to respond, so he pressed his lips together, trying to think of something to say, while he cautiously removed his condom.
“It would be a shame, after all,” Sherlock said, “to turn down a free gift from the Government. And I bet the suite has a jacuzzi.”
John turned to his side. “Oh! Great, yeah.”
They kissed.
Now officially a single father, running from the police.
“Of course, yes. Of course I would like to sleep in your room. If that’s… if that’s alright with you.” John was still a little out of breath from the stairs.
“Unequivocally, yeah.”
It was a while before Sherlock replied.
, you know?” Mary had smiled her typical smile. “He’s okay, actually. Except he’s decided he doesn’t want to speak to me anymore, because that dickhead Sherlock Holmes tricked me into telling John about my other life. Well, I haven’t actually told him anything.”
“Because you won’t like it.” Sherlock knew John was sort of sensitive about him being in mortal danger.
“Yes, John.”
He’d been sitting at Sherlock’s hospital bed for several days already, after he had been shot by the mysterious burglar – not knowing yet that it had been his own sodding wife. John had offered to help one of the nurses who came to wash Sherlock and change his bandage and gown.
Work was the best known antidote to sorrow, after all.
But the thing was, even
It was at least worth finding out.
John gave him a deadpan stare, subtly raising one eyebrow at him.
Sherlock had been withholding stuff from him again, despite his promise. And he damn well knew John would be upset about that, once all the action was over.
Sherlock grinned, humming appreciatively.
“Hmm. So do I,” Sherlock said.
Then he thought of the woman pretending to be Faith, carrying around a gun and emulating the real Faith’s northern accent quite accurately. A master trickster, much like Jim had been. Great acting talent.
“She is, John. She forever will be.”
“Thank you, that’s nice of you.”
John, he then slowly realised, had started taking matters into his own hands and was pulling himself off furiously.
“About a month and a half ago.”
Mycroft was relegated to the sidelines, left alone with his emotions – which Sherlock could now suddenly see, as clear as day.
(See the end of the chapter for
And John was showing no signs of tiring of it either, much to Sherlock’s relief.
He pressed a hand over his face in a ridiculous attempt not to burst from happiness.
“Everyone has hobbies,” Sherlock countered. “Doesn’t say a thing about their age. Maybe he just looked younger than he was.”
Sherlock had been showing some clear signs of sentimentality himself, lately. Just as he was now, with these texts.
Sherlock took the lube from the bedside table without taking his eyes off John, and carefully smeared some onto his fingers. From there, he applied some between John’s arse cheeks, gently rubbing little circles until John’s moans once more indicated he was ready.
“Promise me?” she begged again, turning puppy dog eyes on him.
After a short silence, John added softly, sounding almost as if there was the beginning of a lump in his throat, “Sherlock, in a relationship you should never do anything you’re uncomfortable with, you know; that’s not how it works.”
(See the end of the chapter for
‘Boyfriends’ suddenly no longer sounded like such a ridiculous word after all.
to live in a house like this.”
But, even after Eurus was discharged again, Rose hadn’t wanted to risk it while she was with John.
But John wasn’t listening anymore. A theory had started to form in his mind and he was now going over the steps one more time to check their plausibility.
“Let’s go see him. Scotland Yard.” And off Sherlock strode, out of the room. John shrugged apologetically and raised his eyebrows at Molly, who flashed a shy smile as he made to leave after his partner. “Good luck with, er, the lady’s ear,” John said by way of farewell as he walked out the door.
“Hello, Sherlock. John.” He smiled unconvincingly. “I happened to be in the neighbourhood and thought I’d drop in, to see how everyone is faring in these quarters.”
Had she knocked him down with the back of the gun? Not likely; John would have seen that coming and defended himself. However, there was no sign of any sort of struggle.
It landed right by their side.
With a quick grin in John’s direction, Sherlock slowly got up and casually walked over to their table.
It was annoying, however, not knowing how things were going with Smith now, and whether or not Jim would posthumously win the bet.
being nice! I’m having your brooch repaired aren’t I?”
* * * * *
Sherlock snorted, and John grinned.
“Didn’t you once tell me,” John said pensively, “when you still thought she was a man, that one time she was really upset about being rejected for a certain role? Something Shakespeare?”
“Yeah. You were great.”
Sherlock decided to experiment a bit more, testing various variables, like flow speed and angle, turning John into more and more of an aroused mess as he went along.
She took the flower from her ear as she walked towards him. “You looked very sweet. But then...” She bent down and looked into his eyes. When she spoke again, it was with the exact same Scottish voice of the girl on the bus. “... you have such nice eyes.”
“Oh, has he, really? Thank you for this excellent bit of intel. When is he scheduled to go?”
It took every ounce of effort in his bones to control his thrusts, not to go too deep and too fast. With all his might, he focused on making slow, fluid motions.
He stopped to take in a long breath through his nose.
He smirked at her.
His third visit to Wantage.
“Four years.”
disguise – presuming she did not come looking like she had that one time at the hospital, when he’d bugged her. (And assuming she would not reuse her Faith Smith or German therapist persona.)
– they strolled back towards Baker Street. It was a good half hour’s walk, but it was a lovely clear evening and they could both use some fresh air.
Sherlock swallowed. “She lied. We do, in fact, have a sibling I’ve never told you about. But it’s a brother. And he has nothing to do with any of this. I will tell you about him, if you want. But not now. He’s not important right now. You are.”
John was eager to hear all about how Sherlock had found Arthur, so Sherlock told him; and John was once more in no way trying to hide how impressed he was. For a while, things felt just like the old days.
He now knew that Moriarty had killed Powers; by putting botulinum toxin in his sodding eczema cream, paralysing him during his swimming contest and making him drown on the spot.
Sherlock nodded.
“I couldn’t tell you. I wasn’t there.”
“Afternoon, sir. How can I help you?”
The first place John had gone to, once he was well enough to go out, was the hairdresser. His hair had been ridiculously long for a while now, what with him being too busy trying to have his wife arrested to get a haircut for several months, but it had only gotten worse in hospital.
It was no use.
the little voice in the back of his head nagged
“That’s very kind, thank you,” John said.
Sherlock displayed a non-committal pout.
“Do you still do that?”
It also gave him the feeling of being wanted, of having a reason to exist and of never needing to be anywhere else but here, right in this moment.
John was determined to read any publications on the subject he could get his hands on as soon as he had the opportunity.
“Yes. A lot,” Sherrinford replied.
“Mycroft? Are you still there?”
The morgue scene, but with a different ending than we were shown. I’m sure this is what really happened.
Sherlock had indeed forgotten about it, then, intriguingly.
“By the way, you’re officially allowed to
“John, I can’t very well dress up as a woman wearing a man’s boxers underneath, now can I?”
John was gripping Sherlock’s shoulder blades tightly, fingers digging into his flesh, firm and real. “Jesus, Sherlock,” he mumbled, and then lunged in for another sloppy kiss. With his hands he seemed to try to hold Sherlock everywhere at once, restlessly caressing his torso and shoulders.
At the opening, she efficiently moved through the small crowd, managing the caterers who were carrying trays of champagne and canapés with skilful precision, a bright smile on her face – clearly in her element.
“Please! I have no one else to turn to. You’re my last hope.”
“Good evening, John.”
“So. Sherlock and this woman. How does it work?” his therapist asked, somewhat snarkily. “Do they go to a discreet Harvester sometimes? Is there a... night of passion in High Wycombe?”
John started languidly kissing his neck and Sherlock melted into the sensation, and into the touch of John’s hand running over his chest and down his side.
. Look at me. We don’t have to do this.”
, isn’t it? Oh dear. Dear me.”
“Er, Harry Watson. What’s going on?”
, to eliminate the risk of the rest of the plethora of possible diseases spreading.
Sherlock frowned. “But you will never be able to make love to me the way you did before you knew,” he said quietly, looking down at their hands.
“Yoga class?” The look on Sherlock’s face was a precious mix of abhorrence and amusement.
And he never could deny Sherlock anything he asked of John, whatever his motive.
“So this was your first time penetrating anybody, then?” John asked softly, close to his ear.
Sherlock, lying on his back, was calmly scrolling on his phone. The minute he noticed that John had opened his eyes, however, he put his mobile away and turned to look at him. “Morning,” he said, quietly, his eyes carefully scanning John’s face. “How are you feeling?”
“None of your business. Where’s John?”
Another text to Molly and his ride there was arranged.
“Just being your usual brilliant self, I suppose,” John said, trying to make it sound casual, as he gently turned Sherlock around to face him.
Eurus only barely resisted the urge to hurl her laptop at the wall.
Well, that just didn’t make sense.
“What was that, just now?” Mrs Holmes asked, suddenly alarmed. “Were you…
Smith ended the session by taking away the drip bag, switching it back to morphine.
He was hot, in every sense of the word. Not only his skin was relentlessly inflamed, but his prick definitely was as well. Every inch of him felt burning and... needy.
It didn’t take him long to realise what they were doing there. But just as he was about to shout out to chase them away, his tongue froze and his face cracked into a smile. It was Sherlock and John.
“Dad?”
The silence that followed was tense.
John raised his eyebrows at him an ducked his chin.
--Night owl?
Initially, this is where the story ended. But as soon as I posted it (back in 2014), I decided I wanted to write a couple of extra chapters (eleven, as it now turns out :D), in which all the little loose ends that were not resolved in the first version of this story (as they often aren't in real life, which is why I decided to write them like this in the first place) would be wrapped up after all.
“Yeah, he actually… he hugged me.”
up the walls by telling me all the things I should have done differently all the time, and making a day job out of pointing out all my mistakes.”
Rosie would come too, of course, so that in turn did narrow things down a bit. There had to be a children’s cot available at the hotel. And isolated, remote locations with no shops nearby were out of the question, as it was only possible to carry so much stock of nappies and formula around.
When he suddenly became aware of John’s footsteps on the stairs, he managed to quickly close the website before slamming his laptop shut and assuming a pensive position on the sofa that would hide his
Surely Mycroft didn’t mean
It took John half a second before he realised what answer he was supposed to give. “Shirley,” he said, forcing himself to sound casual.
His sister had invited him to go out for lunch together the day after the funeral. She was going to fly back that evening, but she still had a couple of hours left and wanted to spend them with him, she’d said.
John had always wondered what it would be like to give a blowjob – although not in the sense that he’d ever actually
John let his head fall back, looking at the ceiling for guidance – as if to be reminded which side of the world was up and which was down – and took a couple of deep breaths.
Simultaneously he was, however, rather chuffed to have found the solution in his own
Sherlock cleared his throat, not knowing where to look.
Tremors. Abdominal cramps. Sweat all over his body.
Sherlock leaned one elbow on the arm of his chair and supported his head with his fingers.
It was decidedly enjoyable being out with just the two of them again, Sherlock thought to himself, so he didn’t mind lingering a little.
But he knew this for certain: he wanted
“Well, there must have been some build-up,” Lestrade tried again. “He didn’t just suddenly do it.”
He didn’t much care to risk having to revisit that dream yet again.
The next morning at 6 am, however, Rosie announced that she had had sufficient rest and was ready to take on the world again.
He put Rosie down on the blanket in her play corner and went into the kitchen to put the kettle on.
account, with the purpose of denouncing Moffat and Gatiss’s use of queerbaiting and the BBC's lofty response to the thousands of serious complaints that were sent to them, explaining how this has caused harm to the show’s most loyal fans.
Despite whatever intellectual disability he was supposed to have, this man was not stupid.
But he didn’t say anything.
He tried as much as he could to let bygones be bygones, but sometimes he still broke into a sweat just thinking about it.
was the one making Sherlock feel what he did right now – just by letting him do this.
Sherlock didn’t move for a long while after that and just stood there vacantly watching the closed door. Even though his entire being was reeling, still trying to process the new situation, at the same time the excitement that was thrumming in his veins made him feel happier than he could remember ever having been.
This was definitely one of their best shags so far.
Sherlock stepped closer and said, slightly dreamily, “Yes, in fact, I would very much like a kiss for starters.” Bending down, he gave John a short peck on the lips. “... and for main course...” – another peck – , “...
Very soon, his brain was on the verge of sensory overload. There was no room in his Mind Palace that could accommodate what he was experiencing. It was too wonderful. Too much. He needed something else to focus on, desperately needed to divert energy to another part of his brain and
“I’ll first go and make some coffee,” Sherlock said, as he abandoned John’s lifeless body and left the room.
. John would knock him down if he had to. If Sherlock would pose a threat to someone, John would not hesitate to defend them. Even if it was Smith.
They remained on the sofa for a very long time, embracing and occasionally wiping away each other’s tears in quiet resignation.
He cursed his own stupidity. He hadn’t charged it overnight, naturally, because he’d been at his parents’, and he hadn’t brought his charger because he hadn’t known he wouldn’t be getting home last night.
“Yes, Mummy,” Mycroft said, beating Sherlock to it. “I believe I’ve told you of Sherlock’s plan to try
* * * * *
Seeing as they kept getting interrupted by medical staff, it took the entire afternoon before Sherlock had finished telling John everything he knew about the woman who’d targeted him with a texting affair
John shifted forward in his seat. “No, you’ve met Sherlock exactly once. In this room. He was off his head.”
But he knew one thing. In spite of everything, Sherlock was exactly on the right trail. There was definitely something more than fishy about that creep.
Sherlock took a long breath in through his nose, trying to cleanse his mind of the chaotic thoughts that had been roaming his consciousness.
“Mrs Hudson?” he asked, tentatively.
Yay! I managed to stick to my resolution of posting three chapters this month. :)
Nobody was supposed to have died.
was upside down.
“Good afternoon, Mr Watson. Baron Beverly speaking.”
(He wasn’t soon going to believe anything she said about who she was at this point.)
Sherlock sighed.
He fell back against the mattress and revelled in the prospect of an entire Saturday with John, and no plans other than a fancy dinner date tonight.
He fleetingly thought back to that one time, back at 221B, when they had leaned against one another on the sofa, holding hands, months ago.
you were together, then I realised you
He kept his eyes on John as he unbuttoned his shirt. John, however, was checking his phone. Catching up on blog comments, probably.
anything that brought them closer together than they already were.
,” she beamed from the landing. “I didn’t realise you were here. I thought Sherlock was talking to himself again.” She chuckled.
Faith raised a horrified hand to her mouth.
He had even gone so far as to make Sherlock beg. Twice.
But perhaps above all, pity.
They both exhaled.
Sherlock knew there was no point in arguing. Also, he understood only too well that John wanted to help catch Eurus and be part of this. Although John still needed to rest a lot and take it easy generally, he was probably indeed better enough to go out by now. And Sherlock reckoned they might as well have some fun while doing it.
It appeared they had silently agreed that they were equals now, and Sherlock finally no longer needed taking care of. At least it was the concrete start of an actual change in their relationship, however small.
Sherlock didn’t remember. But he knew for a fact he’d read all of John’s blog, so he must have read this also. Which only went to prove his point. Unconsciously stored information could most certainly influence dreams and decisions.
Reporters holding notebooks gathered around them, as the monster, chuckling, reached out and hugged him.
well. His now-lover was sitting not twenty yards away from him and Sherlock could feel his soothing presence.
“Finally!” Lestrade exclaimed, eyes wide. “After
“Well, then,” Sherlock said to Moore. “Let’s have a look at that grove of trees first now, shall we?”
“Oh, you can have this back now,” Sherlock called after him.
“And again,” Smith said.
They lay nose to nose for a while, breathing together.
“Good morning, Mrs Hudson. Yes, he’s working. Actually, er, I’m out of tea bags, as it turns out, and I was wondering whether you could –”
It seemed Rosie was entering some sort of new phase, which included getting new teeth, and she was intent on letting the world know about how unfair everything was – especially Hannah, and preferably around three o’clock in the morning. Which accounted for Hannah’s weariness.
John gaped at him with a small frown.
Trust Sherlock to do enough google searches until he’d determined that John would have a much bigger chance of getting full custody directly, rather than having the baby stay part-time with Mary in prison for the first 18 months, if he could prove that he had a proper bond with the child.
“Yes, yes,” Sherlock sighed. “I gather that word has reached you we’ve completed Moran’s little treasure hunt and you’re calling to congratulate us, no doubt?”
“Listen, on a slightly, but not
“I’m so sorry, John,” he whispered into John’s hair. And again, “I’m so sorry.” Once for John’s loss and once for Sherlock not knowing.
John’s instincts urged him to turn away, close himself off. Get help for him elsewhere. He couldn’t bear seeing the manifestation of addiction up close, especially not in someone he cared about this much. Someone who, additionally, was bound to breach the iron trust he had in him, in favour of a hit. (Which junkie wouldn’t?)
“Yes. About three decades ago,” Sherlock smiled cautiously.
“Okay,” John said slowly, pursing his lips in contemplation.
Sketchy lines quickly became people, and 'people' became familiar faces. With just a few well-placed lines, he created specific backgrounds and settings. The kitchen, the playground. Facial expressions captured perfectly: surprise, frustration, puzzlement.
Those eyes staring at him from under his locks. How could he not have recognised that malicious gaze when he met him again five years ago?
envious of him having found a partner while she was still single, but that was another matter.)
As did the coke, of course.
John let his head hang down for a second.
Her smile had still been magic. Her beaming eyes had awoken butterflies in Eurus’ stomach, despite her anger and disappointment.
Hi guys, sorry for letting you wait over a week in the end, but here's the next chapter, finally. :)
to be rivals,” she said, grinning. As if this was all just a hilarious joke. “We both have a parent who’s a
After all the family had greeted one another in the secluded corner at the back of the restaurant, Sherlock purposely sat his brother at the head of the table, straight across from Mrs Holmes, so that he could clearly see everyone and he wouldn’t have to look too far sideways to sign with Sherlock or John, who sat down on either side of him at the long sides of the table. A high chair was found for Rosie and placed at the corner next to John, so that Sherrinford ended up sitting between Sherlock and Rosie. A rare smile crossed his face as Rosie let her cuddly-toy bee elaborately kiss Sherrinford’s arm.
Eurus agreed with that now. She had finally found her path again these last months, and was becoming more and more focused.
She had been exactly the kind of right hand Jim had been looking for. A crack shot who kept her head cool. Her being a woman had the additional advantage that he didn’t end up shagging her, like he had with most of his other drudges and which had only led to them disappearing off the stage again.
Not because he’d ever truly want to, of course. Just as a means to various different ends. Like this case he was on now.
“Great. Her first word ever is ‘no’,” John quipped.
She was a very pretty woman, in her mid-thirties, with short, blond hair not reaching her chin. She had big, sparkling eyes and a pronounced jawline. Not to mention a perfect figure. She was dressed, however, in a rather dull, oversized T-shirt and faded jeans. Basically, she looked like a Bond girl who was trying to look like an average mum.
But Eurus hadn’t even known of her scheme. Rose had still come to visit her at Maudsley every Wednesday, but had only told her about John Watson when she was about to get bloody married to him.
John then realised he was probably clutching him to the point of discomfort, and he weakened his grip a little.
“It’s okay, Arthur, you can take off your blindfold,” Sherlock said. “Your dad is here, everything is fine now.” With one hand, he opened a window to let in fresh air, while still holding Wilder at gunpoint. Then he kneeled to carefully pick up the smoke bomb and threw it outside, without moving his gaze.
“Hm, yes,” John agreed. “It would indeed be rather a pity if it bounced into the ocean now.”
By the time Sherlock and John had brought Sherrinford back to Wantage and had themselves arrived back home that evening, they were absolutely knackered.
Upon entering the interrogation room, earlier that afternoon, Donovan had attempted to act amicably, starting with some inconsequential small talk. Meanwhile, Sherlock had been unable to stop imagining how Mary’s body was at that very moment being taken from the Aquarium to the morgue, then photographed, probed, and documented. He could only hope that Lestrade had managed to get Molly on duty in time. Either her, or some idiot who wouldn’t look too closely at the angle of the entry wound. However, if it was Woods, everything he would try to do here could be in vain.
Warm weather. Nice.
But he was tired of it now.
John pursed his lips and looked at the floor, unreadable.
“Sure, Jim. What’s up?” Rose had replied, always chirpy and unconcerned, eager to do whatever was asked of her as long as it would generate some adrenaline.
“I assure you I’m not.”
When Sherlock slowly pushed his finger inside, John had to make an effort not to gasp.
At first glance, it would simply seem Bob was obsessive about his potential new girlfriend, but it didn’t make sense that to Violet he had frequently seemed reluctant to meet again and cancelled their last dates, at least once with a false excuse.
“So am I,” Sherlock signed back, feeling the words to his very core.
Strangely, as he kept his eyes fixed on the wooden panel opposite the bed, it seemed to slowly swing open. Then again, the blue circles appeared to be moving all over the walls and his bed was floating around the room, so he’d better stop trying to make sense of what he saw, Sherlock thought, as he let his eyes fall closed again.
Beauty. Happy.
Sherlock’s brain went into overdrive, like a swarm of bees on the first warm day of spring. John was safely at his therapist’s now, Sherlock knew that much, but he needed to warn him. The session would end any minute and then he would walk out onto the street, unprotected.
She smiled at the memory of home.
Only 40 miles to go.
Once on the landing, he knocked, momentarily wondering whether they would be able to hear him above all the scraping of furniture legs, but he quickly heard Sherlock cry a loud “Yes!”, surprisingly followed by a second “yes!” as Greg was already in the process of opening the door – which he briefly found strange, but didn’t give too much thought to in that moment.
He drank half the glass in one go and took a deep breath, mentally locking the door that had suddenly, though not entirely unexpectedly, flown wide open in the anticyclone that was now his mind.
They were sitting on a bench on the South Bank, not far from Hungerford Bridge, facing the river. They each held a filled half baguette wrapped in a paper serviette, that Sherlock couldn’t remember buying.
want to talk about. Eventually, he wanted to learn to trust the right people, but that was sort of a long term goal. Maybe, for now, he just needed to wallow a little bit. He was entitled to that, wasn’t he?
Once they had relocated to the centre, John bent down to softly kiss Sherlock’s chest, then moved up to his neck, by the end of which he finally ended up stretched out on top of Sherlock.
Also, he seemed so calm and composed, that John had a hard time imagining he had killed a dog and several people, and almost did the same thing to his very own little brother. But then again, that was the case with so many murderers. He’d seen it often enough in the investigations they’d helped Greg with. Nobody was mean and vicious all the time. Legend had it even Hitler had been lovely with his dogs, after all.
It only meant that he had more work to do to identify the actual culprit.
“Yes, I think he could come in very useful. We need to create a circumstance that breaks the deal without any trouble.” Sherlock was staring into the flames, obviously brooding on some plan.
The area within the crime scene tape under Meredith’s window was of course devoid of any kind of useful tracks by now. At any rate, it didn’t make sense for him to have somehow climbed down here, close as he was to the fire exit.
“She’s my therapist,” John said.
Whenever John saw happy looking couples on the street, he wondered how long it would be before they started hating each other’s guts. And once they did, if any of them would ever have such a good reason as he’d had for hating his wife. Her behaviour surely had to fall in the ‘exceptional’ category, even though it had become a normal fact of life to him.
“I do actually have a suspect,” the girl said, to his disappointment, as she fumbled with the handle of her bag.
“Yeah. It’s their purpose in life, isn’t it?” he joked.
When the blue light flashed again, Sherrinford’s smile disappeared and he quickly started putting away the sketches and paintings. When the nurse came in and announced visiting hours were over, he was once more a façade of blank indifference.
I received then, I wonder?” he teased.
“Okay. Bedside table?”
While John mainly enjoyed the scenery and casually checked whether they weren’t being followed or observed by anyone in a suspicious manner (just in case), Sherlock looked for possible hiding places for Rosamund’s and AJ’s loot: in hollow trees, under letter boxes, under loose paving stones, in conspicuous crevices of old walls or rocks, beneath loose soil near unmovable landmarks.
The presents he received from his guests were actually quite nice and there was something about having friends and family over simultaneously – so that the people he knew so well actually got to know
“Positive. Now if you want to actually catch and arrest her, have a copper sent over to Rosie’s nursery as well as to the Intensive Care Unit, for John's daughter is just as much of a target.”
Even though their qualities were entirely different, John was the only person Sherlock had ever considered his true equal. John was by no means Sherlock’s assistant anymore; he’d found his own essential niche in their partnership and was even applying Sherlock’s deduction techniques in his own area of expertise now, thus saving as many lives as Sherlock solved murders. Not the least example of which was their own dear Mrs Hudson. It even felt to Sherlock as if he and John were still becoming more and more equal with each day that passed. For instance, he mused, chuffed, they had both left their DNA inside each other this week, so they were carrying around each other’s genetic information even as they went about their separate business. (Although to be honest, Sherlock wasn’t a hundred percent sure if semen actually stayed alive three days in their bodies as it did inside the vaginal environment. He would have to test that out some time, he told himself.)
Sherlock must have felt John’s reluctance at his suggestion, because he added, “There’s no rush, honestly.” He rested his forehead against John’s.
Of course, he wouldn’t in fact have been able to do this at all without John. Because Molly had been right. He was barely functioning. But that was – naturally – essential to his plan. John’s presence fortunately gave him the strength to drag himself through the final few metres to the finish line, though.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. Then he quickly typed out a reply, saying the words out loud as he typed them.
With many thanks once again to my assiduous and invaluable betas Mamaorion, mydogwatson and Jonathan. And also to deaflock for proofreading all scenes involving sign language!
Try as he might to focus on the Moriarty case, his mind kept coming back to these questions in circles.
Sherlock tried to swallow away the lump in his throat. He wanted to touch John, not just with his fingertips against his neck; to hold him, make sure he wouldn’t slip away out of this world.
All the furniture was still in the same place – more or less.
Everything went grey, then black.
John chuckled, strangely conflicted. “I… pretty much stopped being straight the minute I walked into Bart’s lab that day,” he said slowly, nodding to himself.
“Mr Holmes?” an approaching woman said. “Culverton wants to know if you’re okay going straight to the hospital.”
“And constipation,” John added.
“Sorry, what?” John asked.
“Listen, ehm. Unfortunately I have to be off in about five minutes,” John said apologetically. “My shift starts at half eight.”
at Sherlock.
In the cab, he opened the envelope. Once he’d unfolded the paper inside, it was impossible to hide his smile, try as he might, and his previous worries faded to some extent. It contained a silly drawing made by John and Rosie. Rosie had done some random scribbles, to which John had added arms and legs and silly faces in some places, resulting in two human figures standing on top of a… horse? Rhino? With a baby (or was it a little angel?) flying happily in the sky above them. The four creatures were surrounded with coloured confetti, drawn by the two of them (some dots regularly interspersed and round, others more like wildly launched caterpillars).
Sherlock nodded once more.
At the same time, he also felt incredibly guilty about not telling her that Vivian was dying, and that right now was Harry’s last chance to see her. He knew both of them considered her their favourite aunt.
Also, he was now forty.
Sherlock grinned.
Once at Bart’s, they found both Molly and Greg standing next to the slab with the victim on it. They looked up as Sherlock and John entered.
The fear that he managed to keep a lid on during work, sprang free as soon as he closed his eyes. Fear that he’d messed up. Like he’d messed up so many things in his life. But it had never
He’d slept a lot. Whenever Rosie slept, really. And played with her when she was awake.
“But what’s the point, John?” Sherlock countered. “Why wouldn’t you? You don’t have to stay just
How many summers had passed since he’d been taken away from home? Since
The sun seemed intent on turning 221B into a textbook example of the greenhouse effect. The stupid star was just too bloody close to this damn planet, Sherlock thought.
They’d not yet had a bath together, and although it was a bit of a squeeze, if felt wonderfully relaxing just sitting together: Sherlock leaning his back to John’s chest, surrounded by warm water and damp air as they listened to the little sounds of the bath foam.
-- Fine, thanks. You? Beautiful day. R has been studying the butterflies and bees. I think we saw a drone. J
“Since the day I met you,” John said.
(even though the name isn’t actually mentioned on the show).
what they want.” Collecting himself, he added, in a sarcastic mumble, “A foreign concept to you, probably.”
Sherlock ended up not reading John’s face but the noises he was making, and they sounded delightful.
There was no such thing in the world as certainty, so it was quite futile to long for it, Sherlock knew. He had asked John to move back in with him and John had said yes (‘Oh God, yes’ no less), but then they had kissed and the world had been turned upside down.
And it made her hope.
“Are you sure you don’t want to lie down and rest a bit, first?” Sherlock asked quietly.
, Mummy. Because you wouldn’t let me.”
He didn’t wake up until Rosie kindly let him know it was time for her early morning bottle.
“John?”
“Oh, well...”
So if anything, John needed therapy even more, now, but that obviously wasn’t going to happen. One minor limitation for that being the fact that John denied that anything was the matter. He just ascribed everything to his remaining dizziness and that was that, as far as he was concerned.
Very slowly, a sense of normality was creeping back into their lives, and it made John feel like he could breathe again.
Just as John was about to take him into his mouth, Sherlock said, “Wait, stop. I want… something else.”
“I’ve never been able to catch him,” Sherlock had told John. “I assumed Moran was a ‘him’. Stupid. Biggest mistake of my life. Well, second biggest.”
The tension of being about to find out whether the tape ball actually contained an invaluable missing pearl made everything seem unreal.
Sherlock smiled back, then stopped in his tracks and pulled John towards him into a kiss. This was Paris, after all, and he couldn’t care less what other people thought anyway. It was in fact the perfect place for a proper French kiss, as far as he was concerned.
now. Not just fingers. Your cock.
“It’s a memory inhibitor,” Sherlock said.
Clearly someone was after her and had killed the wrong lady. This was serious stuff.
Sherlock frowned and rolled his jaw, looking as if he was finding it hard to keep up.
. Maybe I just confessed!” Smith said, faking a startled look. The reporters and Smith laughed. He looked at Sherlock and beckoned him towards the building.
And it dawned on him that he would not have dreamt this dream if John hadn’t written that story on his blog. Hence, John’s fiction writing had – incredibly – saved the day. His own brain had simply supplied a word joke that had been very like Mary.
“I know you care about her deeply. I know you invited her to one of your special
“You know what?” John intervened. “Why don’t you show us that window later, and lead us to Arthur’s room first?”
John had never felt so
“Wait until the Yard finds and arrests her, of course,” Sherlock replied.
She’d made this deduction within five minutes of first meeting them.
“And Sherlock Holmes?” she asked.
With incredible effort, John opened his eyes. To his surprise, he was lying down on a comfortable mattress, under white covers, with drips and tubes connected to his body. Sherlock was sitting right next to him, staring blindly at John’s bedsheets. He seemed sad. Then John realised Sherlock was gently holding his hand. That felt nice.
Sherlock focused on his own heartbeat in an attempt to stay calm.
Should he apologise for having put Sherlock at risk all this time regardless? After the first time, it hadn’t really seemed to matter anymore. At least John had warned Sherlock to use a condom on
They both chuckled.
“You know what, on second thought,” she said, “I’ve been thinking about getting a haircut, now that I still can. And I still need to get that incredibly cute bonnet for the christening, that I saw advertised at Debenhams.”
“You. To the lounge,” Hannah ordered.
Once his mind was set on having tea, he bloody well wanted to actually drink some damn tea, so there was nothing for it but to go downstairs and ask Mrs Hudson.
Sherlock stared at his screen and let out a long breath.
Just as Sherlock was about to close his laptop in frustrated exhaustion – he actually heard his stomach rumble, which it did only when faced with near-fatally low blood glucose levels – he decided on an impulse to quickly look up Violet’s South African uncle before heading to pillage the fridge. A minute later, he let out a low growl, rolling his eyes at himself for not having checked out this link sooner, but all the same an evil spark gleamed in his eye as he gazed at his screen with a wide grin on his face. The guy owned two gold mines. Bob and Jack were gold traders. There was no way this could be a coincidence.
was it so hard to just be friends?
An invitation to talk.
Sherlock sat at the kitchen table and texted John to let him know he’d safely arrived at his parents’ house.
It was contagious.
“I see.” John looked around, trying to reconcile all the different things he saw presented together in the same room. There was typical teenage stuff like some Disney figurines, a tiny Enterprise space craft and a poster of Spiderman, as well as an extensive collection of books on impressionist art and nineteenth century poetry. “So, er… how long have you two been together?” he asked.
John smiled in spite of himself. He felt closer to her, suddenly, than he ever had.
Chloe was studying a book with fairies and winged unicorns on the floor next to Sherlock, as he was sipping his tea.
“Sherlock, do you think we should have ourselves tested for STDs?”
Then he asked himself what was actually worse (and, thus, a better reason to get high): John supposedly not wanting to see him and being angry at him for not having prevented that Mary jumped in front of a bullet that he had provoked, or – the real reason – John being upset over having had to shoot the mother of his child because Sherlock had been both extremely careless and extremely foolish?
Trains were still running north and westwards.
Strangely, sometimes thinking of Sherlock still made her relive the traumatic experience of her almost-execution in Karachi. The giant sword glinting in the faint light. His familiar eyes intense behind the black niqab all of a sudden. The overwhelming rush of adrenaline and relief.
It took every ounce of effort in his bones to control his thrusts, not to go too deep and too fast. With all his might, he focused on making slow, fluid motions.
deserves some special attention tonight,” he said quietly into Sherlock’s ear.
He chose a seat as far away from the few other people present as possible.
With many thanks to
“Would you like tea?”
have not to leave him??
“Er, Janine,
He jotted the time and location down in his diary, intending to tell Sherlock later that the lady had called.
What they had now was too precious and fragile for experiments.
“Well?” Sherlock asked.
As he stood in the middle of the room, feeling increasingly apprehensive, he heard the faint sound of the front door downstairs being unlocked. Then John’s familiar footsteps on the stairs.
“I’m horny John. Come here and get your cock inside me.”
Sherlock had instinctively known there was a good chance Mary was somehow behind those burglaries, seeing as her chum Moriarty’s touch was so clearly all over the whole thing. And then she’d unexpectedly shown up during their sniffing expedition, belittling John non-stop and going so far as to ask Sherlock why he hadn’t called
Molly is in the morgue working on her most recent autopsy. She’s humming along to the Sinatra Song that Sherlock and Iris had crushed their competition with this week. As she hums along to the song while she works she reflects on how proud she is of Sherlock’s recent all-9 score along with the amount of votes he got this Sunday. And it was no wonder they had done so well - Sherlock and Iris had been brilliant Saturday night! They were bloody gorgeous together! And the choreography- oh it had fit so well with the song! It really looked like Sherlock missed his partner every time they separated and the ecstasy of having her back in his arms was so believable every time she came back to him. It was an absolute marvel to watch. Not only were Sherlock’s fans greatly devoted to him, most of London was enamored of him now as well, especially when they’d watched him and Iris speak about not only Sherlock’s devotion to the show in his interviews or even when the show highlighted his heroics as a detective, but also when they shared a small insight into his old struggles with addiction. Sherlock had not only been presented as a hero on the show now – no, now, with this interview, he was also presented as
this season.”
Their mother came back with two clear clothes bags and held them both up for Harry to see. “Harriet, I know you've never been too fond of dresses so just in case I brought you both... you can have whichever you like, I'm sure whichever you choose your father would have been delighted to see you in it. And I will be happy with whatever choice you make.”
Sherlock turns back towards the window and exhales a large cloud of smoke. “Yes.” He answers simply.
Sherlock and John smiled at her. “We did indeed, he is in custody.” Sherlock said, as John spoke, “Yeah it was a shame for her, poor woman.”
“We have no idea,” Greg cuts in, “The police report that Francis gave when people started to look into Hallward’s disappearance only said that Basil came to an Estate that Dorian owns in Selby. And as for your other question – apparently Francis was on Henry’s payroll at the time, but he was living with and working for Gray.”
They sat awkwardly on the ride as the cab began making its way back to John's apartment.
“We’ll find them.” Sherlock had said, giving her delicate hand a gentle squeeze.
“What are you doing?” John asked as Sherlock removed his rain-soaked coat, scarf and suit jacket and placed them behind his chair. His purple shirt clung to his drenched skin tightly and John tried not to look as he moved to sit down and remove his own coat.
“So?” Sherlock asks, taking a sip of his wine as Rosie takes a sip of her grape juice.
“Good, um that’s good, yeah it’s about, oh, three minutes, maybe?” John speaks as he tries to look out to the street to assure himself of his location.
John tries to mentally shake the image away, “Ah… yes… well, I suppose you did.”
“No need to be specific, I know which one you're referring to.”
Sherlock and John finally blink themselves to awareness as both look to each other in shock, gasping, “The baby!” They scramble out of bed and each man takes one of Sherlock’s robes, wrapping it firmly around themselves and rushing up the stairs to investigate the screeching toddler.
“What for?” She complained and leaned back so she was little out of John's reach.
“Nice work, you're like one of those detective fellows.” The bar tender deadpanned.
“Mmm, agreed, we need more evidence. Dimock, I suggest you take a closer look at the body with those who are doing the autopsy when they arrive. John and I will go back to the pub on your motorcycle and ask around. Normally I'd ask you to come because people might be more apt to open up to someone they know but considering the size of town and your connections with each other I think it best if an impartial person asks the questions. We'll take a radio with us so we can communicate. Neither my nor John's mobile's are in working order and I'm guessing it's the same for you. You can radio us anything you find.”
Okay, so still very similar to the movie script right now, please do not sue me. I'm literally wasting my life writing this because I love this romcom and johnlock more than anything when i should instead be doing something productive that actually makes me money.
The upstairs VIP area is luxurious to say the least. The place is decorated in dark modern looking tables and chairs which are juxtaposed with decadent victorian divans and settees spread around it like a huge lounge. There are large beautifully painted portraits and landscapes decorating the walls, though they are difficult to see in the dim lighting. Over to one side there is a balcony which overlooks the dance party that is raging on downstairs. Despite the open space, it’s a lot quieter up here and much easier to hear people talk, though the music can still be heard quite loudly from here. There are also a few card tables, similar to those found in casinos. Sherlock is pretty sure that the large crowd of people laughing and yelling over in a space furthest from the balcony are surrounding a roulette table.
John glances at Sherlock worriedly. The tone he’d just used… it’s entirely unlike him. “You are not crazy, Sherlock,” he murmurs softly.
“Yes it is!” Harry continued, “And you took the one thing in my life that was finally working out!”
Harry beamed, “Oh, I was thinking, you could do a slideshow for us at the rehearsal dinner, you know, put pictures of Mary and I together and say funny things.”
Sherlock’s eyes widen and his mouth seems to struggle for a response. John interprets for Rosie, “Remember the video I sent you? I think she thought she was actually dancing with you.”
. John ignored his hand and followed him outside.
When they finished their meal and sat listening to the roar of conversation around them in the hall Irene turned to John, gesturing at the pretty bridesmaids, “Okay, which do you want, the brunette or the blonde? I kind of want the blonde, I'm not going to lie-”
A few minutes later and Sherlock’s breakfast-for-dinner is ready. John pours a cup of tea for him and places all the food onto a tray to carry over to Sherlock. Best John wake him and make him eat it while it’s warm.
Eurus squints. “That’s impractical but I suppose you’ve always been quite resolute about your tastes. You were a very picky eater as well. Do you remember when Mycroft, mummy and I made gingerbread biscuits for Christmas and you ate all the ones mummy and Mycroft had made but you cried when I gave you mine?”
Sherlock watches three dots appear on the screen in front of him as John begins typing out his reply. He finds he can’t contain the grin on his face as he waits for John’s reply. Irene clears her throat as Sherlock waits and he looks up to see her still sitting by her bag, arms crossed and an eyebrow raised.
Two eyebrows, “MmmHmm, and I believe you love weddings so much because you'd rather focus on other people's lives than make memories of your own.”
“YOU RIPPED A FUCKING WEEK OUT OF MY DIARY?! Are you insane?” Came John's angry voice over the phone.
The week after that: Dinner with mother, Harriet and Mary Morstan. (John had stuffed his face with food the whole night so he wouldn't have to make conversation.)
“Good?” John asks.
He grabbed his coat.
John rolled his eyes, “Morning Jim.” He greeted the small surly nurse as he walked into the reception hall of the clinic, “You haven't seen my diary perhaps, have you? I can't find it.”
“Harry!” The blonde boy squeals from beside Sherlock. The detective watches with interest as the young man practically jumps into the arms of a tall salt-and-pepper haired man with pale skin and a meticulously maintained goatee to whine the voice belongs. The man holds his arms open in expectation of Dorian’s embrace. Clearly Dorian’s reaction to him isn't a new one.
” John sends back, worried.
“How many have you attended by the way – just make an estimate!” Sherlock shouted, the glee on his face very audible in his speech.
“John,” Sherlock says, between kisses. He grabs at John tightly and repeats “John! John, John,” into his mouth. He sounds so, so needy that John’s heart breaks a little. How could he have been so bloody
John kisses him sweetly in return and then begins another trail of kisses down to Sherlock's neck, where he once again decides to suck on the man's throat. Sherlock marvels at John's obsession with that part of him and grasps onto the back of John's head. He stretches to pull his head back and expose more of his throat. He allows another low moan to escape him. That seems to spur John forward as he drives his hips harder against Sherlock now, burying himself deeper and deeper. "Yes, John! F... just like that," Sherlock encourages. John's hips roll at a sinuous pace. Sherlock leans his head back once more, his low pants and whines coming back. He savours the feeling of fullness with John's cock sliding in and out of him. He pulls his arms around John and brings him closer still. John brings a hand down and begins to pull on Sherlock's now incredibly and painfully hardened cock. John is riding him into oblivion now. He can feel it as the combined sensation of John's cock inside him and his now moving hand make Sherlock feel a frantic pounding in his heart. He feels his body and mind begin to loose all inhibitions as he starts to sigh and moan slightly louder than before.
“Oh Mary! Of course I will!” Harriet practically jumped Mary as she pulled her in for a kiss, one hand of each side of her face.
--------
Mary sighed, “Let's just forget that whole thing, yes?”
Sherlock positively vibrated in glee, “Hmm, I've been asked that latter question so many times that sometimes I wonder, but as for your former statement, yes, I did. It's an experiment, you see, I'd like to find out how you bear with your week without every second of your life mapped out. By the way, my dear Doctor Watson I believe it is
She fusses some more and finally kicks at his chest. Her little shoe flies off and hits him under the chin.
Sherlock John and Greg turn away from them and Sherlock finally relaxes his face into a weary look. “Oh thank god,” he sighs, slumping onto John. John puts his drink down at the bar and grabs a few napkins, attempting not to blush as he cleans up Sherlock’s shirt. Sherlock takes them, though and flaps a hand at John to make him stop. “Don’t, it’s fine,” he says, finally detaching himself from John’s side.
(See the end of the chapter for
When he sat down on a bench to enjoy the morning sun while he waited, he spotted two familiar figures at the ice cream van near the entrance to the local park across the street. It was Greg and Molly. She was leaning towards him, smiling, upon which he put an arm around her and cheekily took a bite of her ice cream. Offended, she laughed out loud and he offered her a bite of his. They looked happy. John smiled inwardly. He then wondered what it would take to make his own unconstrained spontaneity return, so that he and Sherlock could be like this again.
When they finally got to their floor, John let Sherlock open their hotel room door, as he thought he wouldn’t be able to muster the coordination himself.
He stared at the strange, stripy impression of clouds on the black and white wallpaper behind his new therapist and wondered why he kept lying his arse off.
Ten minutes later, he clicked a link with background information in a mildly interesting looking case request. When his browser opened, however, he noticed another tab there with an unfamiliar web address. He must have opened it some time ago. When he loaded it, it turned out to be an audio link. He could hear a woman talking.
* * * * *
“I… er… just had a body at the morgue that I think was hers. So, what I’m trying to say is, if she wasn’t actually dead last time, you know, with her record of faking things, she might be
“Morning, handsome,” John whispered.
They sat in silence for a while, staring into the fire.
After what felt like days of digging, he found it.
He’d never been that fixated on penetration, but for some reason, seeing what Sherlock was doing with that piece of silicone was embarrassingly arousing.
Once he’d satisfied himself that he had enough to go on for the moment, he opened his eyes and stood up.
Hannah was ready to leave.
.” He didn’t care if he was whining like a small child.
Because of Chloe, there probably wasn’t much else he could have done anyway.
“Sherlock Holmes,” he said incredulously when Sherlock lamely extended one arm towards him. “We’re not…”
Mycroft swallowed, staring into infinity once more. He had always known, of course, that Sherlock and John had something very special going on between the two of them, but seeing now how deep the roots of that relationship had become anchored, Mycroft started to feel a bit like an astronaut lost in space, adrift, slowly becoming more and more removed from the world that he’d known; all alone.
John wasn’t in the flat.
When he came to, Faith was long gone, but her ‘anyone’ still echoed in his ears. And right then, the jigsaw pieces finally started to fall together in his mind.
He made a sour face, still not used to allowing himself to admit he was susceptible to the concept of amusement.
It actually made this easier, if anything.
“I need you to pay a visit to the French teacher’s boyfriend. Find out anything you can that might shed some light on how and why he’s disappeared.”
“I still don’t understand what the deal was with Smith’s daughter, though. Why did you text her that message from his phone?” John asked.
* * * * *
“Never happened. Is this another one of your drug-fuelled fantasies?” Smith looked across to John and pulled a face while noisily sucking in a fake-nervous breath.
“Let’s say I’m not ruling anything out yet,” Sherlock replied, still carefully looking around the room.
Miraculously, being locked inside the flat for as long as they had been, had not yet driven any of them up the walls. They had, of course, occasionally been sneaking out, making use of Sherlock’s extensive collection of alternative clothing and wigs, to stay off Eurus’s radar. (Hannah had had some extra suitcases full of clothes, hats and sunglasses brought over from her own house as well, for the same purpose.)
Inside the small and not terribly well-maintained local community theatre, a handwritten timetable had been stuck onto the door to the music room, listing all the roles in the play and at what times the auditions for each of them started. A lady in black, ripped jeans ran around ordering people about, making sure they stayed on schedule and telling the candidates where to put down their names and where to sit and await their turn.
“Sherlock? Come here.”
“I’ll ask Josie to pack our food to take home,” Sherlock suggested, nodding.
John was now half lying on top of him, one of his legs between Sherlock’s, and looking down fondly at him as the dwindling afternoon light conjured yellowish-grey shadows through the flat.
Sherlock stretched out an arm to grab the lube from the bedside table and tossed it at John in response. Then, seeing John’s reluctance, Sherlock added hesitantly, “Unless you don’t want to, that is.”
And then Rose might finally take her back. For good.
And then something even more extraordinary happened.
“Do you talk to Sherlock Holmes?”
Then he noticed Sherlock was holding his breath.
By the time Lestrade arrived, the four of them had fabricated a rather detailed story, which – somewhat to their own surprise - actually seemed pretty watertight. They’d efficiently hidden Mary’s gun and transferred the traces of gunpowder on John’s hands to Vivian’s as best they could.
Sherlock’s eyes shifted to meet John’s. John returned the look. Together they would set right whatever wrong was happening here. Finally, they were working together again on a case that wasn’t about Mary – and hence about John. This was just the two of them against the rest of the world, bringing justice where it was desperately needed.
Smith looked down at Sherlock. “Maintain eye contact. Please. I like to watch it... happen.”
There was only one explanation.
(See the end of the chapter for
John scribbled down the name on a new page of his notebook. “Good. Craig. I know this must be difficult, especially as I may ask you some things that you have told the police already, but can you tell me anything at all about your partner, Steve, that could be relevant to his disappearance?”
Sherlock could then no longer manage to keep quiet. “Don’t do that! Raisins are harmful to dogs!”
They met at the newsagent’s across the road from the goldsmith, as agreed.
(And nothing Sherlock had ever done had made John love him less – just angered him a little more, occasionally).
“I am, you know, jokes aside.” John gently cupped Sherlock’s face with one hand and looked at him like he was something extremely precious, which somewhat dissolved Sherlock’s shame at his lack of experience. “You know what the thing is I don’t want in our relationship?” John asked, his voice incredibly soft. “The
, so to speak.”
“Here now, let me walk you back downstairs. You had yourself quite a fright, didn’t you? It was so nice of you to bring up some food for us…” John’s voice faded away as he disappeared around the stair bend with her, leaving Sherlock to stare at the still life on the floor with a faint smile as he contemplated his perfect little family – the bubble of disappointment he’d felt earlier shrinking somewhat to a less intrusive presence inside him.
[19 July] Sorry folks, contrary to what I wrote at the top earlier, the next chapter is still not ready for posting. :( I still really really hope to be able to post all remaining chapters before the end of this month, but I have to be realistic and admit that there is a tiny chance that I won't make that and it might be somewhere in the first half of August... :(
John loudly blew his nose and grinned faintly.
He opened his eyes just in time to see John scrunch up his face and falter in his movements as he added more splashes to Sherlock’s torso and melted together existing ones.
He decided he needed some physical energy (or rather, biochemical) first, anyway. He went to find some biscuits in the kitchen.
“Don’t you… I don’t know.” Sherlock let out a rather dramatic sigh. “Don’t you miss having sex with a woman, now that you’re… well… stuck with me?”
Neither of them said a word about last year, though, when they had stayed with Sherlock’s parents, pretending to have forgiven Mary, just before it had all gone utterly pear-shaped with Magnussen. That was still too painful. But the fact that they both stuck to this unwritten rule of not referring to any of that, made Sherlock feel extra grateful.
For now, it was more than enough just knowing that they felt the same about each other and no longer having to push away or hide those feelings. That alone made John feel as if he could fly.
Mrs Hudson diplomatically ignored his red eyes. She spoke in a quiet voice. “Hello, dear. I was just wondering if John needed any help with anything whatsoever, regarding the funeral of this family member Hannah said had passed away. An aunt of his, was it?”
. He also got rid of his bra and the silly flower in his hair, before quickly lubing himself up. He then leaned over Sherlock, planting his hands on either side of his torso and very carefully applied the lightest pressure to Sherlock’s arse for a few seconds, before he felt it open around him and he slid in easily.
When John opened the drawer, his face broke into a restrained smile. Dammit, he’d spotted the stupid dildo, of course, and could not miss the fact that it looked rather obviously new.
, had finally been restored.
They had waited years and there was no need to rush it now. Also, on some level, John was afraid to do something that would scare Sherlock off. He sensed the risk was there, somehow. But he was also revelling in this phase where everything was new and still mostly undiscovered, so he didn’t mind if it lasted for a bit. And maybe he was savouring the anticipation of more there was to come. Not that he wasn’t nervous.
For three days, nothing happened.
“My hairband. Did you bring it like I asked?”
. Why would you feel uneasy about me looking like a woman?”
John, meanwhile, was having a hard time pretending to be interested in rings, as there didn’t seem to be as many of them on display inside as there were in the window. He thought there was no reason, however, why he couldn’t be interested in pendants as well. The owner didn’t seem to be paying any attention to him anyway.
He walked over to the little corner with the electric kettle and a small stack of tea cups, and boiled some water.
He inhaled deeply once more.
But she had loved him. And looked up to him.
And he hated himself for it.
“No. No, just perso-... er...
John had seen real regret in his eyes, then. He’d sensed it was there before, but hidden away, covered up behind a façade of coolness. Not like this, in a candid and open gaze that seemed to leave Sherlock’s soul bare, completely vulnerable.
: Go into Holmes’s room and check on him
“Hmm. If you’re asking me on a date to a fancy restaurant, as I understand is the case, you should ask me properly, though.”
John realised he was probably right. Save for the occasional meal that John had managed to force onto him, no one could ever make Sherlock do or stop doing anything – least of all Mycroft.
One tiny part of him, somewhere at the back of his mind, still hoped against hope that this wasn’t in fact real, that it was just an elaborate act. He knew how convincing Sherlock could be. This was the man who’d faked his own death in front of John’s eyes, after all.
that he badly needed after the past few very quiet and dull weeks.
It was all over: the hellish stalemate they had found themselves in for a full year, ever since Mary had shot him.
(21 May)
He just wanted it to end, wanted
John took a hot mug and a filled plate to where Sherlock was sitting cross-legged on the sofa with his eyes closed. John knew better than to disturb him, so he just put the things on the coffee table in front of him, knowing that Sherlock would tuck in whenever he saw fit to come out of his mind palace.
“I’m... scared of dying.”
Stupidly, he kept forgetting he was wearing glasses during the train ride to Holdernesse that Monday morning, and bumping his hand to their frame each time he wanted to lean his temple on his fist. He’d hardly slept. John had once more lain in bed with his back towards him, treating him like a brother rather than a lover. It wasn’t that he’d stopped being kind to Sherlock. On the contrary. John had spent the entire Sunday being extremely considerate and helpful, to the point where it had become quite annoying. So Sherlock was actually glad to have an undercover mission that took him away from home for a while. The earl had successfully insisted the building contractor hire Sherlock – or Dan White, as he’d decided to call himself – to assist his crew with the stable’s roof while one of the regular crewmen was at home sick.
Wonderfully lost in a boundless universe of eternity filled with nothing but pleasure, the rollercoaster exit suddenly came into view, racing towards him as his senses were being flooded by an overwhelming mix of stimuli.
“Long stay'd he so. At last, a little shaking of mine arm and thrice his head thus waving up and down, he raised a sigh so piteous and profound as it did seem to shatter all his bulk and end his being: that done, he lets me go.”
“Do you know what he did?” Smith asked, looking at John. “He built a hotel, a special hotel, just to kill people. You know, with a hanging room, gas chamber, specially adapted furnace. Stupid. So stupid.”
Everyone always afraid of him, hating him.
Soon, they would both be fine.
Sherlock revelled in the feeling of their stomachs touching skin to skin and pulled John even closer to him.
Sherlock turns around and lifts the corners of his mouth. “John.”
Sorry for the long radio silence, guys. Real life has a habit of getting in the way. :/ But starting this month, I’m working fewer hours at my job, leaving more ‘me time’, hence more writing time. :)
Molly had reluctantly agreed to create a fake death certificate in John’s name, if Sherlock gave her the word, despite her initially being shocked at the question, which she’d briefly thought part of some stupid game.
It was a large dog basket.
Sherlock suspected John might actually think something similar of him at the moment.
Sherlock rolled onto his right side to face John and pulled him close, hugging him tightly. He was amazed at the sensation of full-body, skin-to-skin contact and it sent a ripple of pure delight through him.
Sherlock let these facts sink in for a second. “Looks like a very attentive kidnapper to me,” he mumbled.
The days were long and dull, without John. It almost felt like withdrawal, he thought.
They were both better. They had found the Pearl. Mary and Eurus could no longer interfere in their lives in any way. And Chloe had her new name, banishing Rosamund from their lives entirely. On top of which, she’d called Sherlock ‘mummy’.
At 3pm sharp, he rang John’s doorbell. He was surprised to see Molly open the door, with Rosie on her arm. For one short moment of panic, Sherlock thought that John had started shagging her and she’d already moved in with him.
He missed him.
Sherlock could feel his ears go pink.
Then something nakedly possessive flickered in John’s eyes. He put his hands on Sherlock’s hips and went in for another kiss, just tongues this time, with their lips hardly touching. In the mean time, his fingers that had been resting on Sherlock’s waist started pulling Sherlock’s shirt out of his trousers. He then slipped his hands underneath, his fingertips softly scraping over Sherlock’s skin.
The boy was blindfolded and coughing severely.
--Just checking if you were really awake. :) Does someone being in the possession of a 500 mg pill mean that it must have been prescribed by a doctor? (Can’t ask her myself; she dead now.)
It just hadn’t been at the top of their priority list earlier.
He didn’t notice.
,” John said. “Thank you so much. For everything.”
It seemed that Sherlock was becoming a bit more like his arrogant, posh, former self, of late, which John actually didn’t mind terribly much, because it was more like the man he’d initially fallen in love with to begin with. And although John was happy to have seen him soften a bit these last few years, Sherlock had become decidedly too vulnerable and insecure lately, which had broken John’s heart time after time. Seeing him dash about more confidently and occasionally being haughty and rude again only made John smile, because it was like Sherlock had found the golden mean between what he used to be like and how he had grown to be later on.
“You’re welcome!” Rosie replies, and goes back to her coloring,
“Hmm,” Sherlock agrees, and hesitating slightly, asks, “... John? ... When you finish... perhaps a shower and then breakfast...?”
Harry looked mildly alarmed at that statement, but putting her glass of juice down carefully she reached up and unpinned it anyway, “Whatever. It was uncomfortable. Pulls my hair and makes my head itchy.”
Oh snap guys shit is getting good.
“Everybody knows, John, except Mary.” Irene sighed.
“I’m not even going to dignify that with an answer, Holmes.” John growls, “Condoms - where are they?”
“Hullo?” John answered it, “Oh! Hi! Yes... not a problem. I'll be right over. Okay, bye.” John smiled as he closed the door of the closet with a sigh of relief then calmly walked over to his room to get dressed.
John laughed, “Yes, Irene, completely true. Now go out and wait for us. Oh! And let Sherlock know I'm still here. He must be panicking right now.”
“Not at all. I could use a break myself,” Dorian shrugs, “Let’s go up to Henry’s — it’s much quieter and less crowded, and the bar is much better!” The boy takes hold of Sherlock’s hand and drags him in the direction of the stairs, shouting at John and Greg to follow, “Come along, gentlemen! Drinks are on me!”
ps. Sherlock's such a creep. Hiding behind plants. What a weirdo. <3
-----------
John nodded his head up and down wordlessly.
Mycroft's smile was audible. “No need, brother mine. You'll find him soon enough.”
what John wants. Shit, he’s probably deduced it - and that thought, that
John said nothing, but watched in silent appreciation as Sherlock spoke. He was...
John feels himself redden at the reminder of it. The doors of 221B closed, the curtains drawn, the closeness of Sherlock’s body to his own, the deep notes of his baritone voice instructing
“I think
“Alright, alright shut–” John gives Sherlock a warning look – “your… front door,” Sherlock finishes lamely, though he frowns at John, clearly thinking that having to censor himself is stupid.
John tunes them out again in favour of another video clip of Sherlock. This one is of a dance performance from the week before. John looks up the song lyrics after the number is finished and compares them to the other songs Sherlock and Irene had danced to. So, this is why the judges were questioning his song choices. Most of them were heart-breakingly stroppy in their words, and similar to the song that had just been danced to by this other couple, had the underlying theme of a lost love. John didn’t really understand that. Had Sherlock picked these songs before he’d known Irene was going to be his partner on this show? Or, did he pick them to show her how he felt? John is beginning to question whether or not Sherlock is on this show for a case at all. It seems now, that perhaps he came on the program to get her attention? It seems like something both of them might be mad enough to do, but why would Sherlock do that? Sure, he had to know already that the woman was crazy about him – why else would someone consistently send flirty texts for well over four or five years. She was mad about him, clearly. Maybe this is a romantic gesture from the two of them to each other?
“That was the most ridiculous thing I've ever done.” John laughed.
“Greg? Seriously? Huh… didn’t peg him for a Strictly fan, but guess I’ve been wrong before,” his girlfriend answers, continuing to knit, “I didn’t even realize Strictly was on yet…” she comments, “How many weeks have I missed?”
“Perfect, John, that's why I keep you around, I mean who else will finish my sentences?” Mary laughed making her way out of the office, John trailing behind her.
Mary's eyes searched his for a second, “Perhaps... one more try?”
“I don’t believe you have a heart,” Molly answers, and before he can cut her off with another one of his so-called-witticisms she tells him, “His name is Doctor John Watson.”
The words are so unexpected that Sherlock feels his cheeks immediately flare in embarrassment. He’s momentarily struck dumb by the very implication that John might miss him enough to mention it to Rosie. He feels his heart beating fast in his chest and something akin to butterflies in his stomach at the thought.
a case, Sherlock will surely tell him about it later, won’t he? He had mentioned on live telly that he wanted it kept a secret from John because he was afraid John would tease him (and admittedly, John would, but only because he knew Sherlock would understand it was all in good fun), but John suspects that Sherlock only said that to keep up appearances and make the audience laugh. It has to all be part of the persona he’s clearly playing.
“Enjoy,” Tony says, placing down the cutlery on the table and bows slightly before he leaves.
,” Greg hears Sally’s voice say out in the hall as she stands with her head pressed near another of their colleagues’. She giggles, “No, pass me that,” she continues in a voice of joyous incredulity as she wrenches the phone from the other person’s hand.
. The feeling was worse now that John was only
John had to know.
John had seen something pure in him and he needed to cherish that and try to keep being the person who John had loved. Who had actually been transformed for the better by that very love, in fact.
“Not at all, Your Lordship,” Sherlock said, moving closer. “With the police so diligently running after her all around France, I thought I’d focus on alternative theories, closer to home. When the box turned up, it was instantly clear to me that it was a planted clue to try and have me start running after the same shadow.” He glared at the phone. “Did the police not tell you that the box could not possibly have been dropped there by Edith herself? It was not moistened by dew, even though it had supposedly been there for two nights, and it smelled of garbage. It has to have been fished out of your rubbish bins yesterday at the earliest. Which is why I would very much like to visit Holdernesse Hall again first thing tomorrow, if convenient.”
Molly and John both looked at Sherlock, bemused.
And it helped, God, it really did. John hadn’t known he was so susceptible to these kinds of affectionate gestures himself.
th erection.
Almost like sign language, John mused, smiling to himself.
Nothing made sense anymore.
“John…” he stammered between kisses.
“We won’t be needing much food, John,” Sherlock croaked. “We’ve got a flu.”
John had been the one to come up with the idea of the bust containing a pen drive, when in reality it
coming to pick him up within less than two minutes.”
are making them feel. In this case
It was Mycroft.
Sherlock realised he needed to play for time. “I apologise,” he said, quietly.
So she never actually moved to Wales, as their dad had said.
Also, it would likely work like a red cloth on a bull, should Mr Smith actually see the tweet (which he probably wouldn’t). Just in case he needed a little more encouragement in choosing his next victim.
John had not believed him at first.
Harry sat on the sofa and looked from the human skull on the mantelpiece to the dead bat surrounded by pricked up beetles in a frame next to it, to the variety of curious knick-knacks on the desk by the window, and felt a bit like she’d fallen down some surreal rabbit hole.
, Sherlock mused.
John secretly sent out invitations, bought tacky garlands that said ’40!’ and ‘HAPPY BIRTHDAY’ and started stashing drinks and snacks.
Then again, a beard would probably only arouse more suspicion, because beards almost literally screamed ‘disguise!’. Everyone knew
He dragged himself down the stairs and slouched back to the waiting area on the first floor, while the vortex of thoughts and emotions continued to whirl in his head.
But still, there had always been hope.
Finally, Sherlock dared to believe. John really wanted him, no matter what. Strange but true, apparently.
John chuckled.
He did so very slowly – knowing that sphincters are capricious bastards that can randomly clench – and therefore looking intently at John, focusing on his face. John’s jaw went slack and his eyes misted over, but his breathing remained regular.
He’d thought that more often in the past weeks, and it had actually been true in each case. It definitely looked like an upward trend.
Despite the village consisting of nothing more than a few hundred scattered houses, a grocery store, a fast food shop and a petrol station, it was of course a minor tourist attraction, as visitors liked to have their photograph taken in front of its name sign. There were in fact a few doing that as John and Sherlock walked past.
something. He urgently wanted to feel John, touch him, taste him, anything, everything. John’s groin was very near Sherlock’s head and Sherlock longed to do the same thing back at him, simultaneously, but John’s prick was just out of reach.
Sherlock threw himself onto the sofa to sulk and decided he would simply have to wait until they went to bed.
It felt extremely awkward doing something like this, which he wasn’t remotely good at. With all the numerous skills he’d mastered in the course of his life, drawing wasn’t one of them.
Sherlock had become rather bored with staring at the periodic table of the elements on his bedroom wall and playing the mental games with it he had invented to occupy himself. Initially, it had at least been a mildly interesting challenge to find prime numbers by matching pairs of atomic numbers – with the handicap that every calculation and idea seemingly had to wade its way into his brain through a thick, viscous liquid. Like snot. (It probably
John glanced at him with something of a mischievous smile, or perhaps even a triumphant one. Before Sherlock had time to think any more, John opened his mouth and took him in, making Sherlock’s brain short-circuit. He was vaguely aware of a variety of unfamiliar noises coming from his own throat and this time, when John looked at him, Sherlock was certain he saw an unabashedly victorious grin on the doctor’s flushed face.
John’s heart broke a little more when he saw Sherlock almost falling off the kerb as he headed for the ambulance.
plastered, even. Except, I get the headache simultaneously, rather than the next morning.”
starving, to be honest.” He lifted the takeaway bags to eye-level before setting them on the coffee table. “But tell me what you’ve got, anyway.”
Smith chuckled. “We’re going to have endless fun, Mr Holmes, aren’t we?”
Jesus Christ.
Once Rosie was all tucked up in the pram and they were in the fresh spring air, he texted Sherlock back.
Nodding, she turned and headed across the road.
.” She practically shivered at the memory of her former boss. After Magnussen, she had thought that anyone was better, and she had been wrong.
He stared blankly but contentedly ahead for a while, satisfied at having found this new clue, then jumped up with new energy and walked into the kitchen – only to find the fridge empty. He decided to drink an entire carton of tomato juice he found in a cupboard instead. The new trains of thought hurtling through his mind provided their own fuel.
“You alright?” John asks. He has no idea what else to say.
“Greek pounds. How many?”
John would never need to find out. And if he did, somehow, Sherlock could always claim it had simply been part of the plan, so as to make their version of Mary’s death and their estrangement more believable.
John smirked, looking down briefly at Sherlock’s chest. “
John snorted. “You’re a total git, aren’t you.” His eyes smiled in a way that reminded Sherlock of their first year as flatmates and it made him want to kiss him on the spot, weird outfit and all.
During Sherlock's mind palace scene after Mary shot him, Sherlock saying "Hello, Redbeard" to an Irish setter running towards him along a corridor, followed by "Here, boy. Come on!" and "Good boy! Clever boy!" before stroking his head and ears. Then, Sherlock says, "Hello, Redbeard. They’re putting me down too, now. It’s no fun, is it?"
“Hm?”
In short, John was worried sick.
Sherlock quickly opened his eyes and sat up straight. He ran a hand through his hair and went to the kitchen to fetch a glass of water.
When the hands and mouth abruptly disappeared, Sherlock blinked his eyes open to see John hastily unbuttoning his chequered shirt, his fingers faintly trembling. “God, it’s suddenly hot in here, isn’t it?” John muttered with an apologetic grin. Sherlock only bit back a smile as he waited to see John’s bare chest.
However, John had made him promise not to start deducing anything. At all.
, and thinking about nothing but
They’d actually,
He looked at the sleeping baby on his arm, whose mother he had killed that afternoon.
But the surprising thing had been that the stalker had turned out to be the aspiring boyfriend, Bob, not his flatmate Jack.
“So the French teacher, a Steve Meredith, forty years old, is our main suspect at the moment. His room is over there.” Moore pointed to the right. “Arthur’s room is behind this window right here, as you might have guessed,” the man smirked. Sherlock tried hard not to roll his eyes at the man’s poor sense of humour, if that was even what it was. “Of the two boys he shared the room with, one has been in hospital with appendicitis since Saturday and the other one claims to be a very sound sleeper and to have heard nothing. The ivy below their window shows clear signs of someone having climbed it recently.” As they walked towards the entrance of the building, he continued,  “A forced window has just been discovered to another boys’ room at the back, suggesting that the offender might have tried to take another boy first.”
Not having a specific goal in his life, not feeling the excitement of uncertainty, not being around Sherlock.
John sat down next to her on the sofa. His mind was racing. “You’re having trouble breathing.”
Honey.
“She was, initially,” Sherlock said. “She came back. Mycroft – or rather, MI5 – turned out to be the only party who could provide sufficient excitement and security at the same time.”
After Arnold had pressed a few buttons, fast forwarding past the intro, a scene appeared on the screen of a young man walking through a park, looking around him uncomfortably, clearly having lost his way. He approached a passers-by and signed something to her. She smiled and signed something back. Relieved, the man turned right and found the park restaurant he had apparently been looking for.
“When you’re ready.”
Hope that perhaps, their bond could become stronger and better than it had been until now, thanks to him being in a relationship with the odd, posh bloke, who actually turned out to be quite alright once you got to know him a little.
A few moments later, he opened the door to Molly, who was standing outside, wearing her white lab coat over her clothes.
* * * * *
Sherlock coughed. “Oh, just some... documentaries about... er... pawprints of animals, and such.”
By the way, I am already thinking about a sequel...
like going anywhere. They’d finally agreed they would nevertheless go out a couple of times a week for some fresh air at least, and always head back the moment John wanted to go home, so that he remained in control at all times. Especially the argument of Rosie needing some vitamin D after having spent months inside, out of the sun, convinced John to occasionally come along outside.
’ to the rhythm of John’s stable heartbeat. He wasn’t allowing himself any other thoughts.
He had already determined that Violet would likely not forgive Bob if she found out it was he who had been following her around, especially if she learnt the story behind it. Yet there were at least a dozen characteristics of their personalities that were perfectly compatible with each other. Since that number was much higher than for the average couple, it would be a pity if it didn’t work out between them just because Bob had initially had rather dubious motives to start dating her.
She continued to give the dog some more, giggling. “My God. They’re only
But no matter. All that was behind them now.
. Only four more patients after this.
Mycroft nodded. “Excellent idea.”
“It’s just that my eyes have been getting a bit blurry lately,” she stammered, clearly upset.
John should have expected this question, really. Wasn’t that what all gay people were afraid of when they were in a relationship with someone bisexual?
Once outside, after a short moment of relief at this plan at least having succeeded, his thoughts immediately drifted back to John lying in the emergency room, and he felt what little energy he had left being sucked out of him.
“You think so?” Sherlock raised an amused eyebrow at the man behind him, as he shut the fridge door. “And what did I do yesterday, or the day before, or the day before that, to deserve all the
This was not just heroin, John realised. He’d probably taken cocaine as well. Powerballing.
“Oh yes, tea would be lovely. Thanks.” She smiled faintly.
“Now let’s put the toys back and then we’re going for a ride in the car, okay?”
Rimming could wait.
him to, and he was so
“Her name is Hannah now, John.”
Hannah stared at the picture on her phone screen and smiled. Briony had sent her a lovely selfie of her and little Imogen.
John leaned down to seal the promise with a kiss, gently caressing Sherlock’s tongue with his own in a swirling movement. A wonderful giddiness surged from deep within John’s insides, swelling throughout his body, as it hit him he was only moments away from being
Was Sherlock actually
“I couldn’t manage to
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock’s capacity to astonish had just reached a whole new level.
“Yeah, I never quite believed she actually fell for the story that I’d simply started sleeping in your room so that Hannah had a place to sleep upstairs,” John said, chuckling, as he dried off his hands. “But let’s visit her anyway. She deserves to get some happy gossip material after all of this morning’s consternation.”
When their kisses eventually slowed down, like a river reaching calmer water, they paused, looking into each other’s eyes, breathing each other in.
This woman had been so incredibly brave. She had sacrificed her reputation and the last months of her
John clenched his jaw and said nothing.
Sherlock swallowed and said nothing.
The look on Greg’s face in the doorway as John was appearing from below Sherlock on the sofa was rather priceless. His open-mouthed shock, however, quickly morphed into the widest smile they’d ever seen on his face and they couldn’t help but grin sheepishly back at him.
“Harry, may I have your hat please?” He asked, already reaching for it as Len paid no attention to them, attempting (with no luck) to remove the horrid red stain.
“Hi there,” He greeted, taking a seat in front of her when he reached it.
“No! It doesn't matter,” John shouted, and pointing towards the restaurant he cried, “I just destroyed my life and I didn't need your help!”
