He looked back up at Cas, who hadn’t moved his hand away from his face. It was too easy to lean into the warmth.
Dean laughed. “Yeah, maybe.” Then after a beat, “You gonna come back to the bunker with me? Or do you have somewhere you gotta be?”
It had only been two weeks, but it felt like so much longer. Something comparably small like Hiroshima, that had only taken a few days to get in and start cleaning up, but the world had never seen a strike the size of this one, and never globally. In the zones that were hardest hit, no one could get in. No one wanted to, even though there was news coming in that tried to convince people otherwise. Eventually, most of the electricity in the country had gone out, and no one who got news broadcasts could take them seriously anymore, even though, god, people wanted to.
“Where’s the demon tablet?” Turiel said immediately after. “I know you have it. We can sense its power.”
It was Dean’s turn to bark an ugly sound that was almost a laugh. “You don’t wanna make threats. Not if you want this.”
He poured them each a glass of water from a jug in the fridge and offered to make them tea. They all declined, probably because it was warm enough inside that Dean considered taking off his jacket.
Dean’s knuckles went white around the mug, and he was surprised it didn’t crack as Cas palmed him through the fly of his jeans.
“Why do these places always have such stupid names?” Dean asked, talking to no one in particular.
Dean rolled his head towards Cas. “I’m gonna hit the hay.” As he laid down in the space Cas vacated, he winced when the rattle of Sam’s cough bounced through the trailer.
Sam helped him carry the bowls and a couple of coffees into the Library, careful not to disturb the books that were already spread out on the table. By the time Bobby and Cas made it into the room, the brothers were almost done eating.
Dean sighed. “Bobby, I can help you with the inventory. Let Sam rest up a bit more,” he added casually.
**********
Dean heard Sam make his huffy little noise, the one he made when his brain was working overtime to solve a puzzle.
The pad of his thumb brushed over Dean’s nipple and the hunter gasped, hips jerking forward to find more dragging friction. Cas pulled back to watch him, again studying Dean’s reaction with wild eyes like he didn’t know where to look first. His hand pulled away and Dean moaned shamelessly as Cas grabbed a fistful of his hair and gently tugged his head back.
“Yeah, I’m fine. Think they like me though,” he said, flashing a cocky grin.
Heaven.
The door behind him swung open and the sudden movement pulled Dean out of his thoughts. He narrowed his eyes when Sam exited the building alone.
“Fine. You stay here. Watch the car. I’ll check out the store with Cas.”
Dean woke up and took back every bad thing he’d thought or said about Sam’s mattress. At this point in their stay, he’d give anything for something comfortable to sleep on—even something with stiff springs and a dip in the middle. He didn’t know if he could last one more night on the couch. At least one night was all they had left. He’d made Bobby and Sam take the beds, refusing to share with either. There was just too much time they spent together these days. Dean’s nights on the couch might be uncomfortable, but they were his own.
**********
Back at the house, he told Cas he’d do anything to protect him.
He hadn’t asked to touch them again. That would be getting too close to a whole part of his brain he’d determinedly kept locked away for years. But in the kitchen, as he tried to shuffle past Cas to get to the fridge, he got a full body brushing out of the blue.
“Then help me understand.”
**********
“Angel… stuff,” Cas replied, leaving it there.
“Cas…” Dean whispered the name into the air—a half-formed question he didn’t know how to ask.
She laughed. “What? I’m not pissed. I loved hearing about the total boner you have for your best friend,” she said, reaching over to cheers his mug.
“Buddy, you’ve got your wires crossed,” Dean said, finally moving away to reach into the car window to reclaim his rye. “I like having you around, but I wasn’t desperate.”
Looking around the room, Dean realized the source of the sickening smell was also the source of the blood they’d found on the floor. His stomach flipped when he realized it was also what they were cooking on the small grill.
“Exactly, Cas you don’t know—”
“Pretty much.” Dean leaned over the side of his bed and grabbed a drink out of his bag. Sitting back up with a groan, he spun off the cap and took a swig.
“Are you okay?” Cas asked him, as he pressed his face into Dean’s sweaty hair.
“Who knows what Michael will do,” he said sourly, kicking at some rubble that had once been a shrine. “He’s more of the… Old Testament type. I imagine he’ll make some changes, for better or worse.”
When he noticed Bobby looking at him, Dean cleared his throat and turned his eyes upwards.
He glanced in Cas’ direction and gathered up a bit of courage.
“No.”
It was getting dark. Dean wished his watch still worked, but the batteries died a few weeks back. He could probably find some but it hadn’t been a priority. Based on the fading light he guessed it was around six.
Dean was used to running his hands over soft skin and curves, but he’d be damned if he could pry himself off of the broad shoulders and narrow hips in front of him.
“Alright. Well… drink that,” Dean said, not knowing what else he could say, but feeling like he needed to say something. Tell his brother what to do even if he wasn’t sure what the right move was.
Dean blinked at the bluntness of his answer, but cocked his head, accepting it.
“You don’t need to. This will be over soon and I’ll go back to looking more adequately human. Perhaps it’s better if we don’t see each other until then.”
Dean didn’t say anything, he just climbed into the passenger seat of the impala.
**********
“Dean.”
“Show me,” Bobby said as he stood stretching and went to push open the door with his booted foot.
Cas had wrapped his hand around Dean’s forearm. “Good.” And just as quickly as he came, he was gone.
Dean reached above him, grasping into dark feathers to find something to hold onto as Cas stripped him back and took him apart. The wings fluttered and bent low, close enough that Dean could rub his face against them. His skin was wet with oil and he reached up to taste more of it, greedy and straining. The hard sinew moved lower to push itself into his mouth—holding his jaw open like a bridle as Cas continued to fuck him with thick, relentless fingers.
“Oh, come on. There’s plenty.” Dean moved the bottles carefully to one arm so he could grab a bag of rinds from Sam. He pulled off one of his gloves and opened the bag and held one of the greasy nuggets to his brother’s face. “Crispy on the inside. Crispy on the outside. And packed full of protein.” He pulled down his mask again, to spite his brother, and threw the chip in his mouth and crunched loudly. “See, Sammy. I told you all that rabbit food was no good. Where would we be without preservatives? Eating rats is where.”
“Dean?”
“If I had a nickel—” Sam started.
When Dean looked back to where Cas had been standing, he was gone.
Dean whined, a long, low keen, and finally let go of Cas’ hair long enough to cup the side of his face, dragging this thumb over a stubbled cheek as Cas sucked him into the wet heat of his mouth.
He was about to say something, like
“Maybe we should skip this one, Dean. A store this size is too dangerous. We have no idea who could be inside or how many of them.”
“Dean? Open up.” Sammy.
He got lost in his thoughts, looking at the page but not seeing it. He needed some space. Whether he was giving it or taking it he didn’t know, but he didn’t want to move away too quickly and crush the guy any more than he already had.
“I’ve seen this version before,” Sam said, gently touching the edges of the dusty drawing. “Dean, get dad’s journal. It’s inside, in my bag.”
Cas’ thrusts grew more frantic, and Dean grabbed the side of Cas’ face, holding him so he could watch as the angel lost control. Bright blue eyes shone down at him and he looked magnificent and powerful and Dean was wasted by it as electricity shot through the base of his spine. Cas tightened his hold on Dean’s cock, stroking him until his body hit a trembling crescendo.
“I never did catch your names,” Charlie said, looking between Bobby and Cas.
Cas didn’t say anything back, and Dean realized how hard he was digging his fingers into Cas’ arms and laid off a little. But he gave him one more squeeze before letting go completely.
Out of the corner of his eye, he saw a flash of metal lit up by the reflection of the fire. He turned but it happened too quickly—Dean barely felt it as the knife plunged into his side.
“I’d like if you left my damn coffee alone,” he said, too tired to fume properly over the early morning betrayal.
Standing back to admire his handy work, he realized something was missing. He grabbed his wallet off the dresser where he’d tossed it the night before and pulled out the only picture he had of him and his mom. He leaned it against the lamp that sat on the small bedside table, then he stood back again to take in the room.
“Of course it’s not fucking easy.” Dean couldn’t control the resentment that twisted through him. He’d been agonizing over this shit for weeks—months—and the cavalier way Bobby just threw it on the table pissed him off. “He was a fucking angel, and because of—” Dean faltered, “because of us, he’s losing his mojo. He’s losing everything.”
Dean stopped breathing for a second.
Dean turned to see what Cas wanted and he was met with a look of such serious concern it threw him off guard.
“There have been more complications with this transformation than I have been forthright about.” Cas said, and as he spoke, Dean could feel his breath puffing against his skin leaving a scorched path in its wake.
Thin bodies scattered the small, open area between the house and where the salvage was piled. Dean looked down at one, a woman, her stiff jaw dropped with an inaudible cry Dean wasn’t able to hear last night. Where her eyes should have been were two black and bloody holes that seemed to scream louder than her open mouth.
He stopped to lean on a pile of cinder blocks. It was uncomfortable and cold, but he’d walked up and down what felt like a hundred times and he wasn’t ready to head back yet, just to lie on the couch that was hard in all the wrong places and listen to Bobby snore. He’d slept better since Sam had stopped coughing, though. They all had. Well, except for Cas. Maybe. Dean wasn’t sure if he was sleeping or not.
“I said I’m
“Won’t they want to take you back?” Sam asked carefully.
“You okay?” He asked, putting his hand on Cas’ shoulder.
Sam got to work doing what he did best—looking back and forth between two pieces of evidence. It didn’t take him long to figure it out based on the street names and landmarks highlighted on the tacky map.
Dean’s eyes were watering—the rot and smoke were starting to choke him, and something else was there, too. Not a smell, but a feeling that sat heavy in his gut. He thought of the meager results of their run. They needed to leave before Dean had to put a human down over some damn Funyuns.
.” Dean’s hand flew back into Cas’ dark hair—not as black or as endless as the feathers that surrounded them, but better. Because it was Cas, the one he’d fallen in love with about two goddamn minutes after they’d met. The one who’d pulled him from perdition. The one who’d turned him inside out and flayed the skin from his bones so many times he’d lost count.
Cas just kept looking at him, his lips drawing into a straighter line.
Sam hustled over to where Dean was already crouching behind the car, and they both took cover as best they could. Although their eyes were closed and they’d covered their ears, they still felt the enormity of the blast that Cas had released. Dean couldn’t help but think back to Texas, and he dug his fingernails into the flesh of his scalp trying to block out the sound. His arms went cold and it felt like, all over again, it was impossible to catch his breath.
“Aw look, he’s blushing,” Rufus taunted him.
?” Sam asked.
His pulse felt supercharged at the touch, like his blood was thrumming twice as fast and burning twice as hot as it moved through his body. He grabbed Cas to crush the angel’s mouth against his own, licking back inside and meeting Cas’ hips against where he was helplessly grinding against him. As Cas slid his hands over the curve of his ass and pushed them even closer together, Dean moaned around Cas’ tongue.
“And how exactly are we supposed to find it?” Dean asked.
“Are you humans hungry?” Afriel asked. “Your book often mentions hamburgers.” She looked at the table, and suddenly three hot burgers were sitting on white plates in front of them.
It was the first time any of them had acknowledged it out loud, outside of Dean’s conversations with Cas. The hunters had been avoiding the whole thing, and the heavy silence in the room made it clear that the topic was still something none of them really knew how to address.
“Yeah,” Sam said, like he couldn’t believe it. He twisted to look at the space where Cas had collapsed. “Did Cas—?”
“Your brother ain’t well,” he said.
As the group grew smaller in his rear-view mirror, Dean breathed in to try and relax the tightness in this chest. He felt drawn, tight.
“I dunno how I’ll ever sleep again after all the damn caffeine you fed me,” he said, holding Cas a little tighter.
“Who put it here?” He asked again, turning, but looking like it was taking every bit of strength in his body to remain standing.
“You know. Me and, uh...” He didn’t know how to put it into words, so he just gestured at the space around him.
“Good idea.” He put the whiskey on the table, the bottle a little lighter than it had been, and reached to turn out the dim light between them.
Cas’ face twisted, and he buried his face into Dean’s shoulder. Dean let him rest there, and as he wrapped his arms around him, he held his friend as the world continued to die outside of the room they were hiding away in together.
**********
“I can handle it, Dean,” Cas said, “I have experience working in the service industry.”
“Something isn’t right,” Dean said, stammering, his whole body shaking as badly as his hands had been a moment ago.
He felt so fucking selfish, threatening a friendship that had seen him through the apocalypse, through so many ends of the world it was almost impossible to track. How could he ask more from a man who fought and died beside him… died for him?
“Yes. I believe I have something you’re looking for.” He turned and walked towards the back of the bar, to a bookshelf none of them had bothered to notice. Tilting one of the volumes, the shelf swung open and Henry disappeared into the space revealed behind it.
“You’re Legacies. You wouldn’t have been able to find me if you weren’t.” He spoke matter-of-factly, the same way Henry had. As he moved his eyes around the table, they were unfocused. Dean realized he was blind.
Dean swore under his breath, feeling his ribs twist again when he remembered he’d tossed them to Cas.
“I doubt that the date or symbol has anything to do with your father directly,” Cas said, shifting the position of his hand so that his finger pressed a little more firmly against Dean—the smallest amount of pressure, almost imperceptible. But it shot through Dean like a bullet as he tapped the book again to distract himself, to pull his mind back to the task at hand.
“Fuck, Cas,” Dean moaned, grinding into the heat between Cas’ legs and dizzy from the blood pooling low in his stomach.
“I appreciated what you did this morning,” he repeated, adding weight to the words by pulling Dean’s hips forward until they were pressed against his own.
“The only kind of ‘fine’ you are is ‘not currently dead’,” Bobby said. “Once you’re back on your feet, we can figure all this crap out.”
“Dean.”
“This used to contain holy water,” he said.
Sam got out of the car and checked the reserves they kept in red gas cans in the trunk.
His mind raced through it all. How badly he wanted to taste the salt of sweat drying on Cas’ skin. How he’d bitten through his own tongue fighting the urge to bury his nose in Cas’ hair and breathe him in. How he’d lose himself imagining what it would feel like to run his hands down the prim lines of Cas’ trousers and find him hard and wanting.
Or so he’d thought.
He stacked a couple of books and journals on the shelf, figuring it made sense. It was the first time any books he owned had ever seen a shelf.
Dean’s muscles were burning, everything was burning, but he was barely aware of it as he rolled over and curled into Cas, who reached up to run a fingertip over the fading handprint on Dean’s shoulder.
“You know what? Fine. I’m sick of babysitting anyway. If you wanna go, go.” Cas’ rejection made the blood boil beneath Dean’s skin. He wiped the strange oil off on his shirt with a grimace as he turned to head out the door. But before he could take more than a step, a strong arm wrapped around his waist and pulled him back against a broad chest. Dean’s breath hitched as Cas’ face dropped into the curve of his neck.
“You don’t know what you’re doing,” Cas said. It sounded like he was pushing his voice through broken glass. Dean was forced to stand as Cas grimaced and pushed himself up off the bed.
“Why are you on Earth? And what does it have to do with the Winchesters?”
“Just, please, don’t touch anything until I’ve inspected it.”
“You smell like them, like me,” he said tightly. Dean had to gather all of his strength to keep from melting against Cas completely as the deep voice vibrated through him.
“You wouldn’t know him,” Dean said, anxious to get things moving. “What’s the deal, Henry. What is all this? Do you have the key or not?”
A few hours later, Cas was back. For a multidimensional being of pure energy, he looked a little grey. And for a human body with wings sprouting out of his back, he looked like total shit.
Dean stood up fast, his chair falling behind him and he reached over the table to grab Turiel, but was stopped by Sam who was up just as fast.
“It’s freezing. You should head back and warm up a bit. Get some rest before our big day tomorrow,” he said. He started walking back towards the trailer, hoping Cas would follow him and get the hint. Then he could ditch him and finish his walk. Patrol. Whatever.
“Chill out, Cas,” Dean said. He felt confident enough, just for a second, to kick his foot off of the ring where it had been resting to brush it against the length of Cas’ calf. “Just give us a minute.”
I know I know. Dean's a real jerk. but at the end of the day, protecting Sammy is something he will always prioritize over everything—even if it comes at the expense of relationships that are good for him.
“You still in Lebanon?” she asked, waiting for confirmation.
Cas stood at the same time Dean did, kissing him before he turned Dean to push him onto the duvet. Dean laid back, resting on his elbows to watch as Cas stripped down, kicking off his pants in awkward haste until he was naked and crawling over the smiling hunter.
“Dean—” Bobby tried to interject, but Dean shut him up with a look.
He was going to ruin everything. When Cas came out of this on the other side, Dean doubted he’d ever want to look at him again.
“This vessel isn’t built to support the additional weight, and it feels like my grace is getting torn between the astral and the physical realms. It’s making it difficult for me to heal properly.” He sighed, and his body language—withdrawn, worn-out—was so different from the calm strength of the feathers that it really was as if he’d been split in two.
“I’m not sure. But based on his bond to this place, it could be… bad.”
“Do you even know any drinking games, Dean? You’ve never needed a game to get wasted.”
“I see.” Cas sat on the end of the bed. “Would you mind if I slept here tonight? I don’t want to pressure you—”
Whenever Dean imagined this happening, which, he had to admit, was pretty fucking often, he kinda always pictured it the other way around. He was the one with experience. He was the one who should’ve been taking the lead here. But all those thoughts were pushed out of his head faster than a bullet leaves a gun when Cas touched the sensitive skin above the waistband of his jeans.
He thought back to how he’d felt at Bobby’s after Cas had cast the bonding spell. He’d been content, happy to stay in one place for the first time in his life. And when that was scorched out of him as the house burned, he didn’t realize how much he’d miss it—that feeling of being home. It was as close to the apple pie life he’d ever gotten and he wondered if he’d ever have it again. He didn’t know if it was possible, but he wanted Sam to feel it too. Cas. And he sure as hell needed to give it back to Bobby.
, it said.
Dean cleared his throat. “Thanks, Cas. See Sammy?” he said, motioning to his brother, “Told you he’d come in handy.” He tried to laugh, but it came out forced. His brother let Dean’s comment hang in the air between them.
, and he looked like a complete idiot.
Turiel looked at him with hard eyes, then suddenly appeared at his side and pressed two fingers to Dean’s temple. He would have shoved the angel away, but the cool buzz of grace wrapping his fractured ribs was too much of a relief.
He stood outside of their trailer, collar pulled up against the cold, and clenched his hands together trying to stop the tremor. His knuckles were stiff and the skin on the back of his hands was chapped and sore. He needed to warm up, so he headed in the direction of the cars.
“Almost certainly, yes.”
Dean laughed. No matter how much he’d changed, he was still Castiel—awkward angel of the Lord.
“Outdoor space,” Charlie said, like Dean was a total simpleton. “We can’t have fires inside, and it’s nice to sit somewhere warm without worrying about being covered in potentially toxic sky gunk.”
Dean raised his eyebrows. “No kiddin’?”
**********
As they backed carefully out of the cul de sac, Bobby honked goodbye. Cas looked at Dean with a line between his eyebrows. “Should I also honk?”
A HUGE thank you to my stunningly brilliant Beta Tardimaid—this fic would be absolutely lost without them.
The room was surprisingly clean. There was barely any dust inside, other than what would normally accumulate over a few months sneaking in through the cracks in the window or through the vent from the other rooms. It was cold, but that was expected. Not as cold as a damn trailer with half of the back room missing. It felt familiar. It felt a little closer to that kind of normal he was hoping to find somewhere.
He looked over at the sad curtains that hung over the window above the couch—probably twenty years old and looking like they’d been hanging there the whole time. They reminded Dean of the scratchy quilt on Bobby’s upstairs bed, and although he hated that thing at the time, he’d probably give anything to have it back again. Dean had brought it up when they were packing, the rest of the group had deemed it non-essential, even though he saw the sadness in Bobby’s eyes as he said it.
Let me know what you thought of this chapter! I love hearing from y'all.
It took a few days, but they got the cars packed. Bobby’s Chevelle and the Impala were filled as much as classic cars could be without the bumpers dragging. They were all on edge, waiting for the alarms Sam had reset to go off again, so they focused on pulling out Bobby’s most valuable books, weapons, and stocks out of their dusty corners. Although that all came secondary to packing the food and water they’d gathered over the weeks.
He scanned the cars that were left on the road and lots closest to them. Some looked worse off than others, covered in rust and a thicker layer of ash. Those were the ones that had probably already been hit—he could even see a couple that had their gas tank doors left open.
“Dean?” Sam had followed him out, eyes filled with worry.
“Are you okay, Dean?” Sam asked quietly, setting aside the herbs he was pulverizing.
“Figure things out,” Cas finished for him.
He stayed on his back for a few minutes. He was tired. Tired of making coffee every morning. Tired of having to cook every meal himself.
Sam wrinkled his nose. “I don’t like yacht rock.”
As the Winchesters watched them walk away, Sam turned to Dean. “Are you okay?”
spell? Are you serious?” Sam’s expression was torn between anger and disbelief. He drew his fingers through his hair and took a breath before starting again. “Is that why he’s all—” Sam waved a hand in his direction, “like that?”
Cas was waiting for them when they pulled over to investigate a shell of a Walmart in Evansville, Indiana.
He stared at his computer—the cursor blinked at him.
There were a few people out on the street, and although some stopped to watch the two classic cars drive past them, there was no obvious sign they were being tracked or followed. They all still looked like they worked hard to survive—thin, shabby—but they didn’t come near the rag-tattered, scarred, and hollow appearance of the wanderers.
Henry looked between the two boys with bemused curiosity, but remained silent. He walked over to the window and pushed aside the heavy red curtain casting a square of sunlight into the dark room. “If I wasn’t merely a projection of Henry Winchester, we might have had a touching family moment,” he said, turning to look at them.
Afriel laughed, a sound her vessel hadn’t made before. “Oh good! This will be wonderful. We’ll be back before they’re finished with their sleeping.”
“Michael has sworn to undo what our fallen brother has done,” Turiel explained with a flip of his wrist. “If you help save Heaven, we will help save Earth.”
As he jolted awake from a dreamless sleep a few hours later, Dean cringed and wrapped an arm around his middle. He was surprised to feel the thickness of bandages there and struggled to get his head together.
Dean worked him, wrapping his lips around his teeth and hollowing his cheeks to get more of those desperate sounds out of Cas as he palmed his own dick. Cas’ hips jerked forward, pushing a little deeper into the back of Dean’s throat and he’d be goddamned if it didn’t set off sparks behind his eyes. He pulled off and looked up at Cas, trying to catch his breath.
“Uh, here, kinda. But all over,” Sam answered.
“There’s one more spell we can try,” Sam said, pointing to a page in another book that looked like all the other books he’d shoved in Dean’s face.
“If we’re going to stay here another night, probably not.” Cas was adjusting his coat and started gathering up the few small things he’d brought inside to pack away safely in the cars.
But the other man’s snide, little speech seemed to have worked, and the sorry people who’d been ready to withdraw were regaining their confidence—shoulders squaring off, firearms steadying once more.
They walked down the pockmarked road to the car. They both knew where to step without looking down, avoiding the biggest potholes and stepping around the sheets of metal and piles of debris that had, at first, tripped them up, but now did nothing worse than mark their path.
“And no one’s come by until now? None of your other friends? In more’n 50 years?” Bobby asked, shooting Henry a mistrustful look.
Dean was expecting to be laughed at or mocked, but she just stared at him with her empty sockets. “Before I kill the angel, I’m going to return the favour and rip out his pretty eyes.”
, Cas.” Dean finally chanced a glance over at him, and he wasn’t surprised to see him sitting there with a small, self-satisfied smirk. “You’re going to friggin’ kill me, you know that?”
“So are we ready to hit the road?” Dean asked, stepping on Cas’ last few words. In his mind, he was already behind the wheel of the Impala. Behind the wheel, with one hand buried in dark hair and a hot mouth wrapped— Nope. He quickly pushed the thought away with a guilty glance towards the angel.
**********
“Dean. Get on the bed.”
“Actually,” Dean said, standing. “Want a beer?”
When he returned, Sam grabbed it from his hands and flipped through the pages. “Here,” he said, putting it on the hood of the Impala and pointing at the very same symbol roughly sketched on the margins of one of the pages. “I never thought about it before, because it wasn’t anything too uncommon,” Sam said, squinting at the worn page.
“Lawrence, Kansas.” Sam read aloud.
His brother was standing on the other side of the car, like he was frozen. But Cas—
It happened after Cas threw him on top of the cheap bedspread in the motel room, his grace sliding beneath Dean’s skin and lighting him up from the inside. Dean couldn’t stop the words.
Dean tried not to smile, he really did, but he was in a losing battle with his own face.
“Whatever. Shut yer cake hole and get in the car.”
“Good morning, Dean,” he heard from above him. He knew it—the tightness in Cas’ deep voice calling him out completely.
“I know. It’s just… familiar,” Cas said, echoing Dean’s thoughts.
Cas was hovering near the Impala’s passenger door, looking pensive. They needed to get moving if they wanted to hit Lawrence before nightfall.
As they approached the ‘90s SUV, they both did a quick scan of the area. But Dean’s gut had been right, there was no movement to worry about. Sam unscrewed the cap and shoved one end of the long hose into the car’s tank, the other into the first can. Then he shoved the second hose in the tank and wrapped it in a rag. He blew into the end of it, forcing the gas through the longer hose and into their can.
“No way,” Dean snapped. Cas looked up at Dean, surprised at his harsh outburst. “No way, Cas. It’s not like you can text us if something happens, and the radios don’t work beyond a few miles. I’m not going to let you go out there yourself. Not happening.”
“Yeah, okay, of course,” he muttered, trying not to feel guilty, assuring himself that Cas knew what he could handle. But when he stepped back, he saw a design below Cas’ ribs, a tattoo.
“Family meeting,” Dean announced, perching on the uncomfortable metal edge of a folding chair, resting his elbows on his knees.
“Forget it,” he said, with a dismissive wave. Bobby’s engine started behind them. “Get in.”
Cas stopped and took a second to catch his breath before pulling away to meet Dean’s eyes.
“Yeah, okay, we got it.” Dean stood and pushed his chair away with the back of his knees. “Write down the address you have, or the coordinates, or whatever, and we’ll figure it out.”
“You’re in pain?” Dean leaned away from the wing that was still half under him, angry at himself for not seeing the signs sooner. Cas had all but told him when he said they were sensitive.
Abaddon was standing in the centre of the group, red lips stretched into a smile. Dean wasn’t sure that face could stop smiling.
door. Our door”
“You’ve gotta stop,” Dean panted. “Or I’m gonna come real fuckin’ soon.”
He covered his face with his arm in surprise, then got himself together and grabbed what might have been the shoulder of a trench coat. He hauled Cas towards him, the area rug beneath the angel sliding with him across the laminated floor. And although Dean had dragged Cas to safety, he still couldn’t see. He heard Sam coughing from the dust somewhere near him, and Bobby’s stream of profanities across the room.
Dean pulled a beer out of the fridge and was surprised to see the sable wings stretching out behind Cas, fussy and thunderous, and as they shook themselves out, the crest along the ridge puffed up with a muted sheen.
“Sam,” Dean returned, matching his brother’s snarky tone.
There were eight long rows of trailers, divided by a paved road that ran through the middle of the park. They split up between them; Dean stepped around a pane of smashed glass and looked around the end of his second row. Nothing. But really, he wasn’t surprised. There was barely a structure left standing and any that were had a wall or two missing.
The next few days were quiet, except for the sound of Sam’s wracked breathing from the bedroom. They took turns sticking their head in the door putting food and water beside the bed, usually leaving with what they’d brought in earlier, still untouched.
“Probably shouldn’t use the can in here, huh?”
He didn’t get a chance though, because as he was getting his things together a shadow appeared in his doorway. It was Cas. He’d taken off his coat and jacket and was standing there with his shirtsleeves rolled up and shadows under his eyes.
He shoved his brother away, standing, maybe relying too much on the rear bumper of the car for balance. “Whatdwegot,” he asked quickly, the words blending together in his haste to move on.
**********
He squinted his eyes to force himself to focus on the page, reading the numbers again, searching his memory for more information.
“What’s up with you guys?” she asked with a mischievous grin. The fire was reflecting in her eyes, making her look more impish than she already did.
“Alright,” Bobby said, “let’s get to work.”
Cas unwound his arms from Dean’s shoulders and rolled him onto his back. He didn’t know what the plan was, but he didn’t fight back as Cas gently held his wrists above his head and bracketed his body, pressing him into the mattress with the hard lines of his hips.
“Pull up your mask,” Sam said.
“Well, that wasn’t what I was expecting,” Afriel said, adjusting the beret she’d found in the ruins of the once-great city. They’d just returned, and although Normal was destitute and smelled of death, it was in much better shape than Paris had been.
Dean acknowledged him with a nod and sighed as he turned the key and felt the rumble of the V-8 under his legs.
“The only thing we need to worry about helping is Heaven. We must stay focused and get what we came here for.”
Dean pulled his hand away before it could dig into the ruff and touch the firm cords of muscle he could feel under the soft feathers. He didn’t want to push it and make Cas feel like a freak.
He spent a few hours ignoring Cas and went back to his research so he could feel like he’d accomplished something. Maybe prove to Sammy this whole terrible idea wasn’t a complete waste of time.
“Hey, Cas.”
“No. But soon, we’ll get them where we need them,” the other responded.
Dean unwrapped a cherry candy and threw it in his mouth, the sharp sweetness cutting through the grease the pork rinds had left behind. He heard a crash, but his brother moved into the frame of the broken door, wiping his face. Out of the corner of his eye, Dean saw something move in the parking lot of the burned-out lumber store across the street. Looking closer, it was a few somethings, moving slowly.
Cas slowly adjusted himself into a sitting position, although Dean was hesitant to let him move at all. He pressed his back against Dean’s chest and ended up lying awkwardly on the hunter’s knee that was bent beneath him. Dean shifted his legs to help him get more comfortable.
“Yeah, I was wondering about that myself.” Dean was almost impressed at how calm he sounded. “
“Holy fucking shit, Cas,” Dean said breathlessly. He arched his hips up again and shoved his fingers into the waistband of Cas’ pants, looking for more hot skin to touch.
Cas looked up from the carnage and his eyes immediately landed on Dean who was still clutching his side and trying to stand.
Dean should be used to it by now. Really, he shouldn’t be surprised. And if Cas was anyone else, the way the two men in the front seat turned to gape at him un unison, he may have found their reactions funny.
“Bobby went for a walk. This might be a good time to go in there and apologize. And not just an ‘I’m sorry’. Like… grovel.”
“Ugh. It’s fine. Just dehydrated,” Sam said, his voice raspy from the force of his cough.
**********
,” Cas ordered.
For a second Dean had zero fucking idea what he was talking about, but finally figured it out almost too late. They made the turn off the interstate and Cas navigated them to a smaller two-lane highway.
“No. Fuck
Thank you all for reading! Your kudos and comments mean so much : )
Dean blinked as Cas dropped his hand. He could feel warmth rising from the pit of his stomach and settling under his ribs, a burn that wasn’t anger, wasn’t the rye. He wasn’t sure what it was.
“You’re welcome, Dean. I’m sure you’ll like it. I’m very good at this job.”
“I do not—”
“There is. We destroy the tablet and leave the incorporeal realm to fight amongst themselves, as they have always done, and will do for eternity. They’ve reaped enough destruction on Earth. Their dominion over this place is ending.” He stopped in front of them, still formidable although he was barely standing.
When fingers raked through his hair, Dean sighed and leaned into the touch.
He smelled like spilled coffee and Dean couldn’t remember why he’d come outside, but he finally had rough stubble under his palms and his fingers buried in dark hair and he knew if he didn’t get to pull the bitter taste of espresso from that mouth into his own he’d suffocate.
“Well, that was gross,” Dean said, flicking gore off his hands. “You good, Sammy?”
Dean glanced over at Cas, who was leaning into his personal space to look at the book. He shifted his weight, trying to give him a hint. Cas, of course, didn’t take it and continued to study the page. Dean half-cleared his throat as he felt Cas’ push up against him.
“Awesome,” Dean said with a tight smile. He slid onto the hood of the Honda, wincing as he tried to find a comfortable position on top of a car so foreign to him. Sam would say he was pouting, but Sam was already asleep.
Cas looked around at the cold cement walls and dirt-covered floor. There were cobwebs hanging from every corner of the ceiling and the naked bulb that hung in the middle of the room cast an ever-moving, sickly glow over them both.
Suddenly, Dean was flat on his back, and as Cas bent down to kiss the hollow of his throat, tasting the sweat there, he dragged a hand over the hard bulge in Dean’s jeans.
Sam grabbed the bucket and disappeared down the paved road, and Dean turned to Bobby with his mouth pulled into a tight line. Bobby still didn’t look at him, had barely said a word or chanced a glance his way since the night before. This wouldn’t have been so unusual if it weren’t for the shit storm they’d made it through in the last twenty-four hours.
“Looks like a decent run,” Dean said as he poured some of the amber liquid into a blue plastic cup to hand to his uncle.
“I had to pull you off me. It was embarrassing and very out of character—it wasn’t you.”
But he’d come back, because no matter how hard Dean pushed, Cas always came back. Dean promised himself he'd never repeat those words, and he hadn't, but Cas kept leaving and Cas kept coming back—except every time he left after that first time, it was without Dean’s permission. And every time he left without Dean telling him to was worse than the time he did.
“Boys?” Bobby called, and with a start, Dean shoved Cas away from him and pushed himself off the car. As Cas caught his balance, shame stabbed through Dean—hotter than the booze or Cas’ hands. He picked the flashlight up from where it had fallen in the grass, and his keys rattled as he scrambled to open the trunk.
Dean waited a few beats to make sure he was gone, then walked quickly to the laundry room to grab his clothes from the dryer. The hot, fluffy bundle almost brought tears to his eyes, and when he slid into clean jeans and a Henley that didn’t stink, he felt a little bit better.
He pulled the car up to the fourth house and put her in park. There weren’t a ton of people, but there were enough, and none of them shrank away when four strangers got out of two classic cars. Dean didn’t know if that was a good sign or a bad one.
“We get started now,” Bobby said with finality. “What’s the other option?”
That’s when Dean noticed that where the beam shone across the dirt-matted tiles, there was a dark puddle still spreading across the floor. The sour smell of decay hid the tang of iron, but there was too much of it, and it was too fresh. Something had just killed… something.
Panic blossomed in his chest. He’d fucked up, but he couldn’t figure out how. What had he done?
Unless whatever it was that made this mess was something that needed killing.
Dean deepened the kiss, biting Cas’ lower lip and taking advantage of his surprised gasp to slip his tongue in the angel’s mouth, seeking out the taste of him—white electric light, something not-quite-human—and there it was. Home.
There were a hundred things Dean wanted to say, things that would get Cas out of his face, maybe forever, but he bit his tongue.
Dean breathed a deep sigh and closed his eyes. Sleep overtook him before he could answer.
“Well alright, let’s see what we can find,” Dean said. He tried to smile, but from the look on his brother’s face it was as casual as he’d hoped. It was a damn Walmart. He could handle a Walmart.
Dean woke up when the Impala’s engine shut off. He was groggy, but the pounding in his head had subsided somewhat—now it was just more of a throbbing ache. He blinked the crust out of his eyes and looked around to try and get his bearings.
“Yeah, you know. You get a ping pong ball and throw it into the other team’s cup and then you drink. Or… they do?” It was Dean’s turn to be confused. He’d never actually played the game—he’d only seen it in movies.
“I don’t sense anyone in the area, but like I said, my senses are… unfocused on Earth,” Cas said
Everything was black. The light from the doorway only lit up a small circle around them, and it looked like someone had built a barricade of shopping carts to block their path. Cas followed Dean as he pushed through the flimsy barrier and scanned the shelves nearby for anything salvageable.
Cas grumbled something Dean couldn’t make out, and his pathetic state brought a sympathetic smile to Dean’s face. “Not exactly being the badass angel of the Lord I usually take you for.”
With a groan of old metal, the passenger door slammed closed, and looking in his mirrors Dean realized he was the only one still sitting in a car. The other three men were already gathered together on the otherwise empty sidewalk.
“Honestly, we’re not sure.” Cas looked tired, and the shadows under his eyes looked even darker when dropped his chin.
Sam had connected all of the victims to the same coffee shop in town, a place called Hustle & Calm, so they started there.
“Atta boy, Sammy!” Dean called, walking over to help his brother. He could feel Cas’ eyes on his back the whole way over which made the few yards feel like a few hundred.
“If there is, you can tell me,” Cas said. And when Dean turned to glance quickly at Cas, he saw concern etched across a drawn face.
“His father, your grandfather, had some connection to the area. What it was, I don’t know,” Cas said with finality, leaning back and mirroring Dean’s pose.
“Wait, how much longer?” He asked his brother, barely rolling his head to the side to acknowledge Sam.
As soon as he woke up, Sam started coughing again, and as Dean moved to try and support his brother, to sit him up so he didn’t suffocate, he blinked as blood hit his face. He wiped some out of his eye with his shoulder and tried to set Sam up on the pillows.
**********
Yes. You hurt his feelings, again, and you’re a bad liar.
“Ya think?” Dean snapped. He turned on his heel to go grab the map from Sam’s seat. This wasn’t good. It wasn’t bad, not
Dean looked at his friend. “I’m fine. What’s with the third degree?”
Dean rolled over and covered his head with the other pillow.
“All good?” he asked, handing his brother the cloth. He wasn’t going to go as far as wiping the kid’s face, although he had to pull back a little at the instinct. He hadn’t done that since Sammy was eight.
Six weeks after the end of the world, the emptiness of everything was becoming a weight on those who were left behind. There were fewer and fewer people left to help with cleanup of the hot zones, because anyone who was desperate enough to go in got sick before they could really make a difference, and eventually those places were abandoned altogether. Massive regions were left empty, occupied by nothing but the dead, and things that feed on the dead.
“Are you ready?”
**********
“Ammo?” Dean leaned back in the chair to try and take some pressure off his ribs and looked at his brother skeptically. “You’re usually more creative than this, Sammy.”
“Thought we figured this out,” he said. “There’s nothing more to say.”
The kitchen glowed with the light of the ancient refrigerator and Dean grabbed a bottle. Then, shrugging, he took another so he wouldn’t have to make a second trip if Cas changed his mind. He nabbed the flashlight sitting on the entryway table on his way back out.
“This is Castiel,” Dean said, the humourless smile still stretched across his face. “And he is gonna smite your asses.”
He jogged down the narrow path that led to the backyard. He sighed a breath of relief when he saw the five stalls lined up behind Charlie’s house. They were made out of pretty much the same material as the tents out front—tall, wooden stakes had been hammered into the ground with tarps fastened around them with staples and bungees. They had curtains on one side and a hose that hung over the top that was connected to a rain barrel that sat behind each stall.
He sat up, rotating his shoulders and letting his head fall forward to try and relieve some of the pressure. Ten hours of driving wasn’t anything crazy, but after their stay in the park his body wasn’t used to it. And the long, hot shower he’d usually be having right about now wasn’t an option. He was tired and stiff, and still sweaty from the drive.
He didn’t have an answer for his brother. What was there left to say? It was either keep his trap shut or admit he was wrong, so he opted for silence.
“We’ve got some chain link fence lining the back, too,” Dean continued, leading Cas towards the rear of the house. “And Bobby already had motion sensor lights set up, so even if they get in, we can see where they are.” Not a day went by where Dean wasn’t grateful for the backup generators Bobby had set up even before things went to hell.
“I know," he groaned. "He does this thing where he pulls my hair—"
Dean kept his eye on him, almost as closely as he had back in Concord—but he seemed ok. He kept a couple extra cereal bars with him while they worked and let them break for short naps if Cas looked like he needed one.
Dean saw Sam half turn to Bobby but stop himself, instead choosing to finally look Dean in the face.
“I’ve been shot,” Cas answered weakly, his voice hoarse. Dean let out a sob that almost turned into a desperate laugh as he pressed his lips against Cas’ temple.
Cas sighed and walked into the room, closing the door behind him. “I appreciated what you did this morning.”
“Cas—” Dean said, unsure of what to say next, but needing to say
Dean looked over at the Impala where Cas was digging around in the front seat. He was only half in, the door still open. When he turned to sit, he was eating something—a granola bar.
“I thought we had this conversation,” Dean said as he took another deep pull from the bottle. He leaned his elbow on the armrest and scanned the area in front of him, eyes trying to adjust to the dark.
Dean rubbed his face. “Please don’t remind me.”
“Alright, well, let’s work inside. It’s cold as hell out here.”
The staircase was steep and dimly lit. Bobby only huffed and puffed a little on the way up.
As the fire caught the curtains hanging near the window, Dean could make out bright blue eyes that radiated through the haze.
He heard Cas sigh and the click of a tape getting shoved into the deck. They spent the rest of the drive in silence, the wail of Hendrix’s guitar finally helping Dean relax enough to force himself to sleep.
They’d taken some time to add more reinforcement to the damage in the back of the trailer so Sam could sleep without freezing. Bobby went from unit to unit, checking for food, clothing, and any other supplies he could get his hands on. Most of everything had been picked over, destroyed, or left to rot. But aside from a few eye-watering surprises left in abandoned fridges and cupboards, he managed to scrape together some packaged goods to add to the stash they’d brought with them.
“Hello, Dean. Hello, Sam.”
When they’d both sorted themselves out, Dean opened the door and winced against the cold air that prickled his skin and the looks the two men were giving him.
A quick note about the OCs:
“Get them wet.”
They were going on almost a week of their search when Sam finally came to find them in the storeroom they were currently digging through. Dean looked at him through two metal shelves, his eyebrows raised.
“Can’t really blame humans, though, can you? This whole mess is really our fault.”
“For the first time today, you and I can agree on somethin’.” Dean marched out of the room to find Sam and Bobby without looking back.
“Can I touch them?” As soon as he said it, he snapped his mouth shut. “Uh, sorry, that was—” Cas was going to say no, of course he was. Dean didn’t know what the hell he was thinking. But the moment Cas reappeared it had taken some serious willpower not to reach out and run his fingers through the plush, powerful feathers. They moved like they were calling out for him, pulling him forward by the wrist.
“Fuck, Cas,” he moaned. “You feel so fucking good.” He reached down to dig his fingers into Cas’ wild hair, needing something to hold on to as Cas pulled him in again and again.
A second finger joined the first, and Dean’s spine almost melted as Cas dragged them against that spot inside of him—one he’d used his own fingers to press against, in the shower, in his room, wherever he could and whenever he’d let himself imagine it was the angel touching him,
“I think so, yes,” Cas said, squeezing Dean’s hand where it was still gripping his coat.
A small smile tugged at the corners of Cas’ mouth. “Thank you. I’m glad you think so.”
Bobby just grunted again, leaning down to squint at the symbol. “It looks like it was drawn with a finger. Someone had to be here. And that someone woulda left some sorta…
“Cas,” Dean rasped, his throat so dry he could barely talk, so he stopped trying. He reached his arm out, looking for water and hoping Cas would know what the hell he was trying to say without having to say it. He felt a plastic bottle hit his palm and he grabbed it, rolling over to squeeze it into his mouth.
He took another glance at the mark on the windshield. He’d tell Sam and Bobby about it tomorrow. He grabbed the whiskey off the roof of the car and threw his arm around Cas’ shoulders to lead him back to the trailer.
“Uh,” Afriel started to speak at the same time Turiel said, “Wouldn’t you like to know.”
Cas’ dark mood didn’t stop the rest of them from trying. They all wanted this to be over, even more now that they had something they could almost call a home, where they could move on with their lives. But in the end, Cas had been right—nothing worked.
Seeing the group at the Gas n’ Sip had set something off in him he didn’t like. He preferred it when people were dangerous. He could handle a fight. But watching a bunch of starving husks with eyes emptier than their stomachs shuffle around looking for junk food and Gatorade took more out of him every time. He couldn’t help them—it was either his family or theirs. And it didn’t matter how hungry they looked, he’d never take food out of his brother’s mouth especially when there was less and less of it.
“I guess the Men of Letters have a flair for the dramatic,” Dean said. He grabbed his drink off the bar and poured what was left of it down his throat, smacking his beer-wet lips together when he was done.
**********
“I guess if there was ever a time to trust angel Jedi mind tricks, it’s when showers are at stake,” Dean said, getting into his car with a frown. “Let’s go before I change my mind.”
But before all of that, Cas and Sam had covered the trailer in sigils—Cas working from memory and Sam with his head half-buried in reference books. They also set up wards around the border of the park and Dean was pretty sure on any other surface they could find. If anything got to them here they’d have to be pretty damn powerful.
, Dean thought, secretly pretty stoked.
They chatted quietly for the rest of the meal, Dean’s hand finding Cas’ knee a few more times.
“There ain’t nothing for us here,” Bobby said. “We can’t even keep the damn door on that shack. This place was always going to be temporary, and this is as good a reason as any to leave.”
Sam had dug up all sorts of spells he thought might help translate the text. He figured if they could read it, they might get some kind of hint about whether or not it was safe to hand over. Cas sat solemnly as they worked, assuring them, before every incantation, that they were wasting their time.
Dean spluttered. “What the hell, Sammy? Focus!” he said, gesturing—maybe a little wildly—to the stranger across the street.
“I like it this way. It adds character,” Afriel said, looking at her vessel’s reflection in the dark glass. The red, knotted flesh running up the side of the face was definitely striking. On the angelic plane, no one was allowed to stand out, so it was a small indulgence.
Cas smiled and kissed him deeper than before—the kind of kiss that made Dean feel loved, something he was getting more and more used to.
It was nice Sam was trying, but there probably wasn’t anything left in his saved files he didn’t have memorized by now, and there wasn’t anything in those books that could help them. John hadn’t been interested in anything but the yellow-eyed demon. Sure, he saved people, but as Dean got older he eventually realized it was never really about those people. Saving the world was so far out of John’s narrow field of vision it might as well have been in another dimension.
Dean sighed, standing stiffly to take the few steps across the room that would bring him to Cas.
It had been a month, maybe more, since things went to shit. Because most of the farmland had been poisoned, and most of the livestock had either been wiped out or got sick enough to be put down, packaged food became king. It was all people could eat without getting sick themselves, so it was only a matter of time before it started getting used as currency.
It was nightfall when they were done, and although the couch was broken and damp, Dean collapsed into it like it was a feather mattress. They’d even set up a few battery-powered lanterns throughout the place so they could still see when it got dark. Dean glanced over at Cas, who was standing in the corner of the room looking lost, and at Bobby, who looked worse. Sam had left to go through some of the other trailers to see if he could find any extra food.
**********
“Alright, maybe you got a point about the whole ‘buddy’ thing.” The corners of his mouth dropped back into a straight line. “I didn’t mean to— I just thought it might be good for us to get some space. We’ve been on top of each other for weeks, and I thought, maybe, you could use some air.”
“I’m sorry Dean, I’m keeping them as controlled as possible, but sometimes they refuse to listen.”
Outside, he took a deep breath and unclenched his fists just enough to grab the car keys out of his pocket. They dug into his palm as he paced back and forth waiting for the others. He’d never admit to sulking, but he couldn’t get the image of those black wings out of his head. They were so… big. So much bigger than he was. But managing to eclipse even that were the things he’d said to cas playing over and over again.
**********
“Whoa,” she said. “Be cool, dudes. I come in peace.”
Turiel looked at her like she’d lost her mind. But she ignored him, instead reaching to pull a keychain out of her pocket. She held it up in front of the other angel, and a miniature, brass-coloured Eiffel Tower dangled from the end.
“The way you look. I like it. A lot, okay?” His cheeks started to burn. “And I’m not used to liking people who look like you, or sound like you, or feel like you. But being around you, I’ve never—I don’t know, man.”
“Dean this place isn’t… natural. There’s some very powerful magic at work here.”
feelin’?” Bobby asked, looking at him from under the brim of his ball cap.
**********
Cas smiled and sat down beside where Dean had resettled on the sharp cement edges. But his smile turned into a small frown as he tried to readjust his seat. “This is very uncomfortable.”
Cas just looked at them, and it was anyone’s guess what was going through his mind. But finally, he nodded. “Alright.”
They spent the rest of the night doing more shots and throwing dirty rocks in cups as they made up their own rules to a game they’d never play again. Dean spent the rest of the night laughing around the pit in his stomach and telling himself there was nothing to worry about until tomorrow.
He adjusted Dean again, who was pliant and flush beneath him, grabbing his thighs to pull him up and forward.
**********
, never again
“Hm.”
without needing to know why.
“Wait, you know he’s an angel?” he asked.
CW: Drinking before sexual activity (both parties have been drinking).
Dean looked over at Cas, surprised at his somber tone. “What’s up?”
Not too shabby.
,” Sam was calling his name, and Dean could feel his brother’s hands on his shoulders.
“Alright, let’s head back to the motel and check on the cars. And I need a minute to, I dunno, freshen up,” Dean said, looking for an excuse to step away from his uncle and brother for a second.
Dean finally opened an eye.
“What the
“I’m not sure there’s much more I can add that isn’t already obvious. The protective wards that Henry mentioned are obstructing my ability to get a clear read on the house.”
Dean rubbed his eyes with the palms of his hands. This was like a hunt that wouldn’t end. How the hell had this been his life for so long?
Sam, as usual, spread maps out on the roof of the Impala and drew out their route, talking them all through his plans and rationale. Dean, as usual, half-listened, relying on Cas to absorb anything important.
Dean barked a bitter laugh. “Looks like we’re going home, Sammy.
“Great impression of dad, by the way. Very convincing,” Sam said, shooting him a sarcastic grin before climbing in the Chevelle and slamming the door.
“I can’t read it. No one can, outside of my Father and his Scribe Metatron.”
Dean laughed. “Well, I’m glad they came in handy. I bet the ringer scared the hell out of the old man,” he said, his eyes crinkling as he smiled. He shoved his hands in his pockets, his smile fading as fingers wrapped tightly around the small knife he always kept on him. “No real use for hunters anymore, Cas. We’ve been keeping in touch with a few guys through Bobby’s old ham radio, but, uh, priorities have changed.” There was hopelessness in his voice, even he could hear it. It made him think back to their conversation, his admission that he felt like a failure, that everything they’d gone through everything they’d done for nothing.
Dean slammed his hand on the table, hard enough to shake the plates. “Do you have the key? Know where the tablet is? And if not, how the hell are we supposed to do anything for you. And why the hell would we do anything for you?”
Dean didn’t care that they were in public, he didn’t care who could see them. All he knew was skin and electricity and want.
Dean turned his attention to Cas.
If maybe one or two of the t-shirts he grabbed were a little snug, Dean figured it would be easy enough to play innocent.
Sam’s face was furrowed in thought. “He’s right.” He looked back out the window. “Where are we?”
?” He snapped. “You’d think they’d at least put a freakin’ pylon on it!” He brushed his hand through his hair and took a deep breath.
Although they were keeping busy, distracted by their tiresome task, the world outside continued to slowly burn away. And although their supplies were dwindling, none of them had volunteered to go on a run, not yet. They were safe for the first time in months. They were warm and they had light and clean clothes. It was too easy to live in denial about the way they’d been forced to live before finding the safety of the bunker—and days they’d still be fighting through if they hadn’t.
“How’re you feeling?” she asked, flashing him a bright smile.
“Dean Winchester.”
Unlike the gas station, the door of the Walmart hadn’t been smashed open. Or, it had, but it had been hastily repaired with sheets of particleboard. Electricity had been out in most of this part of the country since the blasts, and the automatic doors didn’t budge when Dean and Cas approached.
Cas pulled his hand away without even looking at it, eyes locked on the bundle in front of them. He picked it up and unwrapped it carefully, the other three pressing around him with stilted breath.
Dean took a jagged breath, and in his mind, he felt Cas’ fist in his hair, saw blue eyes burning above him as a thumb dragged across his cheekbone. He took the flask out of his pocket and held onto it for a second before tossing it over.
Dean grabbed his toiletry bag and pulled the chair away from the door, finding a ready-to-go pair of hunters standing outside, looking just as impatient as hunters always do when they’re forced to wait on somebody.
The other thing. Well, they hadn’t talked about that. And they wouldn’t. Dean blinked, clearing away the memories from behind his eyes. The warm press of Cas against his side was making that a little more difficult so he stood and feigned a stretch.
I can hardly believe there are only two chapters left. Buckle in, folks.
“More than,” she said, and took a drink, passing the bottle to Sam when she was done.
Bobby was across the fire from him, engaged in a conversation with a guy that Dean didn’t catch the name of. He checked on Sam who was staring into the flames, rolling a bottle of water between his hands.
“I still can’t figure out how we have water—you didn’t get any in your mouth did you?” Sam asked, still not looking up and  moving between a few of the leather-bound volumes he had covering the long wooden table that ran down the middle of the room.
Dean woke up to someone banging on their door. He really wished he’d gotten a little more sleep—or at least more time to relax in a real bed.
Dean just hovered over her, nervous and unsure. “Charlie do you—wanna come with us?” Dean asked quickly, forcing the words out before he could take them back. She had a great set-up here. It was a stupid question but he couldn’t stand the idea of driving away and never seeing her again. “We could use someone like you.”
“I killed those people,” Cas said, taking a step towards him. Dean’s shoulders slumped, pain shooting between his shoulder blades. “I killed them because it needed to be done and I would kill another five, or fifty, or fifty thousand people to protect any one good thing left on this planet.”
Sam’s hair was lank and greasy. It was longer than he normally kept it, which was no fault of his own—they were all in the same boat there—but even though Sam was a total nerd, Dean knew he still had a few vanities. He’d seen the tortoiseshell comb and the bottles of conditioner he’d pilfered from hotels in his bag. But this was a whole new look for Sam, one Dean didn’t like. His hair was pushed back to keep the stringy strands out of his face and the back of his head was dry and matted from twisting on his pillow. Dean couldn’t remember the last time he’d hosed off or changed his clothes.
Comments and kudos are greatly appreciated! I'd love to hear what y'all think : )
“Sam’s on it,” Bobby said, as Sam lifted the small tin of instant.
“I am truly sorry, Dean. I could hear you, every prayer. I knew how desperate it was,” Cas said, his voice still rough from lack of use.
**********
“All fresh?” Bobby asked with a tone Dean didn’t appreciate.
“Yeah, let go for me,” Dean said, begged, as he bit along Cas’ stubbled jaw and spread himself out above him.
Cas took a breath and tried to relax, but went stiff again and leaned his head back in frustration. Dean wondered what the long line of his throat would feel like under his tongue.
Dean’s breath hitched when he felt a tongue drag over his stomach, blood boiling under his skin as looked down to see that Cas had dropped to his knees in front of him.
“You’re the best, Charlie.”
He was only here to watch out for the guy.
Long chapter. Lots happened. This was the chapter that made me realize how much I loved Afriel and Turiel, which made me sad that it was so close to the end.
“Uh…” Sammy bashfully pulled a folded-up map out of his coat.
The angel pushed off the car and turned to pull Dean into a hug. He fell into it, turning his head to find that scent that was so uniquely Cas, but it was masked by the ashy smell of dust matted on his collar. He wrapped his arms around a firm waist and took a deep breath and allowed himself, for just a moment, to stop thinking so damn much.
Being back there twisted something inside Dean. He hadn’t even thought of coming back since that poltergeist hunt a few years back that left him sick and reeling. But it looked different now, and as they drove further into town Dean could see blue tarps and wooden pallets, sure signs of people who were attempting to make new lives for themselves in the wreckage. A few of the homes and buildings looked like they were in some state of being lived in. And they drove past a small stretch of road that looked like a damn flea market, with makeshift stalls displaying meagre amounts of food and gear.
When Cas licked a long stripe up his length, Dean’s mouth fell open and the only thing he could focus on was getting air into his lungs. Cas wrapped him in the wet, warm heat of his mouth and sunk down until his nose was pressed against the soft curls at the base.
“Cas, you didn’t—”
Dean turned to the three men who could only hear half the conversation. He unplugged the headphones so they could get the full picture before responding.
?” Dean added.
**********
John’s journal was sitting on the table, on top of a stack of books that Sam had been reading through. Dean grabbed it and flipped to the page the star was scribbled on, and as he did, Cas moved around the semicircle to sit on Dean’s right.
“Make it three.” Sam sounded like he couldn’t believe he was saying something so ordinary.
Cas still technically had his own room, but Dean opted to fold up Cas’ new clothes and put them in the dresser in his room, the one they’d been sharing. He hung up white dress shirts (Dean had grabbed a couple of those on their run, too, still finding it hard to imagine Cas in anything but) and used one of the fancy wooden hangers for his trench coat—discoloured with Abaddon goo, but wearable after Dean had spent a few hours soaking and scrubbing it with a toothbrush. It would never be perfect, but it was wearable, and Dean secretly thought the faded splatters looked pretty badass.
“Hey, come on in,” Dean said. When he walked in, something burst inside of Dean—that little ache he got in his chest when he looked at Cas started to uncurl. Warm ribbons spread across his ribcage, wrapped around his shoulders, and twisted down into his stomach.
“Funny, ours broke the other night, too. Practically exploded,” Bobby said, shooting Dean one of his patented shrewd looks. Dean just laughed nervously and mumbled something about crazy coincidences and legged it into the room.
“Not enough,” Sam said, moving past Bobby to put their things down in the kitchen.
Dean nodded, grinning. “And then some. This should keep us on the road for at least a week, longer if we’re careful.” The liquid in the can sloshed as Dean lowered them to the ground, freeing up his hands to grab his keys from his pocket.
Dean cleared his throat and tried again to laugh things off, consciously forcing himself not to retreat into the trailer and ruin the evening he’d convinced everyone else to finally enjoy. “Sure thing, Sammy. Let’s find some cups or somethin’.”
“Where’re we headed?” Dean asked, groggy and still blinking away the smoke of the burning building they’d left behind.
“Absolutely not,” Bobby gruffed.
Dean reached over to slam the door closed, making sure to twist the lock before he turned to look at the angel. They were alone, and all he wanted was Cas’ body pressed against him, to feel the burn in his scalp as Cas gripped his hair and pulled his head back to bare his throat. He wanted to be pushed to his knees and used any way Cas wanted.
“You ready or what?” Bobby asked.
************
, Dean told himself.
They went to investigate the damage. The hinges had been pulled out of the frame, but it wasn’t anything that they couldn’t fix. It took a little more elbow grease without electric tools, but eventually, they got everything reattached and back in working order, or just about working. The squeak was worse than it had been, definitely, and because it was crooked they had to kick the bottom a bit to get it to close properly. But it wasn’t going to get much better.
Dean shifted impatiently, waiting in the long line to order. He wasn’t worried this time about decoding the menu. He knew it didn’t matter what he asked for because Cas would make him whatever he wanted anyway.
“I am very much ‘over this’,” Cas said quietly, leaning against the headboard when he was finally settled.
“It’s hard to tell.”
“My name is—or, was—Henry Winchester. I’m with the Men of Letters,” Henry said. “And I must insist you follow me.”
Charlie waited for him to finish his point.
“You want me to say sorry for saving your life? You didn’t see what you looked like. You didn’t see—” he didn’t want to drag Sam through his shit, so he stopped before he could paint him a picture of what he looked like on his deathbed.
This was beneath her, but Lucifer had trusted her with it and she would not disappoint Him. Once she could get her hands on one of the filthy hunters, she knew the demon tablet would be theirs. They were so pathetic they wouldn’t think twice before trading the tablet for one of their own—without any consideration of the power it possessed.
way more depressing. Which is really saying something,” Dean rumbled through the sour taste in his mouth. He almost kicked Baby’s tire out of frustration, but stopped himself with a silent scolding. It wasn’t her fault.
“…Yeah?”
Dean thought, but Sam interrupted with a yell from the other room, “Are you two going to help us out, here?”
“He drives me crazy,” Dean admitted with a harsh whisper. He wiped his mouth and let the bottle hang between his knees. “He’s got that… stupid face. And he always knows exactly— I dunno. He always knows what’s to do. What do— What. To. Do,” he finally got out, tripping over his tongue. He kept his voice low so that Sam and Bobby couldn’t hear him, but a small, stupid part of him hoped they were listening.
“Sounds good, Charlie. Or, 10-4, I guess.”
“What, you think you’re better than me cause you got wings?” Dean joked, his head rolling on the back of the seat.
He must have felt something, because when Dean pulled his hand away it was covered in more of the oily liquid from earlier. He looked at it closely—it was colourless and smelled like cloves and something else, something earthy he couldn’t quite name.
Dean hated the lump in his throat and the burn inside his head telling him to stay stay stay.
“Yes. I’ll be able to carry you both and return for the supplies, but this car will have to stay.”
“Shit,” Dean said. He felt foggy—is this how Cas felt on Earth? He turned his head to the side to ask, and when his half-closed eyes finally opened he realized how close he was to Cas’ mouth.
Then, Dean took him around the bunker, showing him how they’d organized their stuff and where he could find everything he’d need for spell casting, or hunting, or reading.
“What’s up, Cas?” Dean asked slowly, his body already reacting to the heat on top of him.
His face was on fire by the time he’d made it to the safety of his bedroom. He closed the door and dropped his head in his hands, trying to rub away the crimson flush clawing at his cheeks.
Sam cringed when he saw what his brother was drinking, but when Dean finished his swig he put his hand out to grab the can. Dean figured his brother was more tired than he looked if he’d lower himself to drinking the neon-green syrup, but Sam lifted the can to his mouth and chugged about half the thing in one breath.
Dean rolled his eyes. “Enough from the peanut gallery, Cas. We know.” He rubbed his eyes. “It seems quiet enough here. Probably safe to pull over and get our four hours.”
**********
Sam opened his eyes, and for the first time in what felt like an eternity, Dean heard him take a full breath of air, even if that air did stink of blood and sickness, he got it all inside of him and exhaled without a painful-sounding rattle.
“It may be very painful,” Cas said with magnitude. The kind of magnitude Dean really didn’t want to hear. “Breaking the spell shouldn’t have lasting effects, but it won’t be pleasant.”
Cas pulled the Impala into the entrance of the trailer park and Dean grabbed his gun from the glove box. “Alright. You,” he pointed at Cas, “stay here. We can handle this.”
“Does that feel good, Dean?” he asked, and Dean could have cried before being able to answer. This was it—this was the mark, the moment, that he’d never want to lock away. Cas, all taut lines and harsh angles that were so fucking beautiful he was pretty sure he could draw them from memory, leaning over Dean and looking at him like there was nothing else in the universe worthy of his attention. But no goddamn piece of art could capture the electric heat of his skin, the rough scrape of his teeth, or the slippery, slow grind of his hand.
“Maybe we should stop for a few hours, Dean. Get some shut-eye.”
“Castiel? Cool name.”
“Thanks for the help tonight,” Dean said, lifting his hand in a half-wave, using that same hand to push himself away from the wall when he swayed too close to it. He turned to walk up the stairs to the room he knew would be empty since Sam always ended up passing out on the couch. He tripped again on the first step but caught himself on the railing. His feet were heavy the rest of the way up, but once he got to the bed he collapsed on the old quilt—boots still on and hanging off the end.
“Yes. I want to be helpful, to contribute. Bobby is being very gracious letting me into his home, and I want to prove I’m worthy of his kindness.”
It was late. Hard to tell how late, but enough time had passed that Dean’s arm was falling asleep where it was trapped under the body lying beside him. Once Cas had started to calm down he’d lost his energy—hit with that post-big-feelings exhaustion that Dean knew too well. Dean had leaned him down into the pillows as the angel rested and got himself a little stuck. So, he’d stayed.
Dean would have rolled his eyes, he definitely would have, if those ribbons in his chest weren’t uncurling and winding their way down his arms legs, filling him up with an electric warmth heavier than Cas’ grace.
“We’ve found six,” Cas said gruffly, pulling another tutu-wearing murderess off of his shoulder, not even hesitating before using his grace to melt it in his hand.
“I believe you,” he said, still a little breathless, and with the kind of heartbreaking honesty Dean could never get used to.
They both knew medicine wouldn’t do a damn thing. They’d seen this before plenty over the last few months. Radiation sickness, Dean thought, acid burning his throat.
Bobby looked carefully between them both.
“Yes. I’ll stay.” His voice was quiet, but he sounded calm. Content.
“You’re back.” He mentally slapped himself for starting things off in the stupidest way imaginable, but it was like there was a stopper lodged in the back of his throat.
For the first time, Rufus’ eyes flicked over to Cas and the blade he was holding in a clenched fist. Rufus’ jaw tightened, made obvious because of the gauntness of his face, and Dean recognized fear when he saw it.
“Goddamn it,” Bobby muttered under his breath, scratching the hair under his hat. “I’m gonna go check on Sam in the library. You two alright here?”
Outside, the four men made their way back to Bobby’s car. Before opening the back door, Cas paused.
“Very good,” Cas said with an earnestness that didn’t match his grin and glassy eyes. Dean laughed, still enjoying the mental blank space he’d pushed himself into.
Dean didn’t say anything—he waited for the angel to get whatever it was off his mind. He couldn’t help but look at where the bloodstain had spread across the beige of his jacket, even though he’d mojo’d it away.
Dean nodded, struggling against the tight hold in his hair. “Yeah, Cas. I am.”
“Alright, alright. Calm down,” Dean said, raising his hands in mock defeat. “Here, let me—” He put the bottles down on the dresser to give him a second before figuring out what to do next. “Let’s get your jacket off, I guess.” He figured that was a good place to start. Probably. But he didn’t know how he was going to manage it—Dean wasn’t sure Cas had taken it off at all since the curse hit him.
Dean was snapped out of sleep by a deep voice and a warm hand on his shoulder. His heart still sped up a little at the sudden movement, but he didn’t grab the gun from under his pillow like he used to.
He looked over as Cas who was finishing his sad meal and brushing crumbs off his jacket.
“Dean.” He could feel the smoky rumble of Cas’ voice roll through him as he bit at the hollow of Dean’s throat. His mouth fell open, and he couldn’t stop the quiet, pleading sounds he made as he was consumed by the burn in his scalp and the hard slide of Cas’ cock against his.
He tossed back two of the painkillers and waited for the burn in his forehead to fade.
“Well, maybe I don’t want to see them, okay?” He was looking at the wall, at the bag of the witch’s things they’d started to pack away, anywhere but at Cas.
Cas smiled against his skin. “There isn’t much you do that doesn’t.”
As he and Sam gathered up all of her books, ingredients, and other witchy crap, Cas appeared. The quiet rustling that accompanied his arrival drew her attention, and suddenly the crying stopped and her wet face contorted into something gnarled and hate-filled.
“We can’t stay.” He looked about to collapse in on himself, like a dying star. “I did everything I could, but I couldn’t protect you. This world is… beyond my comprehension.”
“Hey,” Dean said, cupping his face so Cas would meet his eyes. “I’m okay.”
Dean looked at Cas, his eyes watering from the effort it was taking not to unhinge his jaw and eat the burger in one bite. Cas looked unwell.
“I’d save my energy if I were you,” Turiel said with a malicious smile.
“Let’s go, boys,” Bobby called in at them.
I'm going to thank my Beta EVERY SINGLE TIME because without Tardimaid, I'd be lost.
He was enjoying his coffee more than he should, so he stood up before he was done and left the shop with nothing more than the quiet sound of the bell tinkling overhead. If anyone watched him go, he didn’t see it.
“Oh, fuck,” Dean groaned. He barely recognized his own voice.
Sam’s face was tight with suspicion, and Bobby was already loosening his tie to get rid of it. Looking at Cas, Dean realized he was wearing almost the exact same thing he had been on the street moments ago. Maybe the suit was cut a little differently, and maybe the coat too, but it was essentially the same. Although it didn’t seem like he even noticed—he was too distracted by their surroundings. He looked like a spring wound too tight, as if he was expecting an attack at any moment.
It was still early in the day, but even this far from the coast the sky was still a deep, overcast grey. It was hard to see when everything blended together, the same muted tones, and Dean had to take it easy until he could get to open road he hoped was a few hundred feet on the other side. They crept slowly past makeshift shelters. No, not shelters, Dean realized. Piles of tires, stacked wood, and more sandbags piled high that were used for cover, to protect shooters. He bit the inside of his cheek and knew Sam was coming to the same realization. There were guns, empty, he assumed, dropped on the road, covered in the same dull residue that everything else was covered in, abandoned.
“Well, well, well,” he said, drawing out every word.
Dean was standing behind him, close enough that his chest was pressed against Cas’ back.
“Dean?” Cas said suddenly, startling Dean out of his trance.
“You gonna to let me up?” Dean asked quietly.
Sam’s eyes fluttered as Dean continued to shake him awake, needing to see some sign of life.
“Alright, see you there, Bobby,” Dean said, slapping the roof of his car. He felt fresh, good, for the first time in God knows how long. He slid into the driver’s seat and gripped the wheel and felt at home again—more than he had the entire time they’d been on lockdown in the park.
“Need to show you something,” Dean finally managed to get out through his headache.
They hurried to their cars, trying to shake off the weird film that seemed to stick to them after being in the house.
He grabbed Cas’ shoulder and dragged himself up a little, wincing at the hard scrape of buttons against his cheek, until he was lying half on top of him. Dean smiled into the coat when he felt strong arms wrap around him.
“When you took my hand in front of Sam.”
“Rufus.”
Dean shifts away slowly, so it doesn’t look like rejection, and wills his body to calm down. His heart is still racing, but his pulse starts to even out as Cas settles beside him and he runs a hand through dark, messy hair.
Dean ran his hand up Cas’ shoulder and turned into him.
“You may.”
“Alright. This is the end of the road. Cas, you’re up.”
“We’re not entirely sure,” Afriel said. “We were just sent here to collect it.” She looked thoughtful.
“No. Not bad. But we should hurry. There was no one on the other side of the bridge, but that doesn’t mean there aren’t people in the area. Like I said, my senses are fuzzy on Earth.”
Cas stood and pulled over a chair. When they were all seated, Dean started. “If we’re all feeling up to it, we need to figure out next steps on this whole… hexagram thing.” He looked around the circle but avoided Cas’ eyes. “Wha’d’we think?”
Wandering slowly, stopping to kick at debris he’d already kicked a hundred times by now, always a little worried about what he’d find underneath but unable to stop himself. He’d never found anything worse than a flattened rat out here. The roaches mostly stuck to the insides of the trailers.
Cas was beyond it all, beyond anything Dean could ever hope to capture or recreate. And the mountain of black above them made him ache for want of breathing that darkness in.
Dean thought about the stores of food they had left. They hadn’t done a real run in weeks. They were living off scraps, and honestly, the thought of eating anything they had left in the car turned his stomach.
Dean grabbed his shoulders so he could Cas square in the eye. “What happened at Bobby’s? That wasn’t your fault.”
**********
Ignoring his brother’s words, Dean polished off a few more rinds and dusted his hands off on his jeans.
They all agreed to meet at first light the next day, and finally getting settled in the room, Dean put the chain on the door and dragged over a chair to wedge under the handle to keep them somewhat secure for the night.
“Fine,” Turial finally said, curiosity getting the better of him. His heart rate sped up, an unfamiliar feeling of panic in his too-human chest. He knew what happened to curious angels. But where was their Father, really? They had some time—and being at war was endless and exhausting.
FEMA was tracking what they called a plume, a toxic cloud that reached hundreds of miles outside the hot zones, and directed people where to go to avoid it. But people panicked. They didn’t trust FEMA, an organization that they’d never heard of until the worst day of their lives. They grabbed their children, got in their cars, and they drove. Most didn’t get far. Highways were littered with abandoned vehicles (some pulled over, some nothing more than twisted metal).
Bile burned higher in his throat the longer he had to look. But, finally, Dean found him in the hands of one of the demons. He was on his knees facing the hunters and incandescent grace dripped like blood from his throat. The demon was still digging Cas’ angel blade deep into his skin, threatening to cut deeper.
Dean rounded on him, the small room becoming too warm as he pushed into Cas’ space.
“Uh, Cas, help me with somethin’?”
bad, but they were already too close to St. Louis. They should have crossed further south, but he hadn’t been thinking. He slammed his fist on the roof of the car.
Soon, they could all see the thick shadow of black smoke pluming from the factory that Sam and Bobby had found earlier. As they pulled into the gravel lot, Dean held his side and bit back a groan as he sat up. When he crawled out of the car, they were parked in front of a massive grey building that was covered in metal-framed broken windows. Bobby was right, the place looked like it had been empty long before the world went to hell.
Afriel smiled and nodded. And with a rustle of feathers, they were off to see the rubble that remained of the City of Light.
the wrong idea,” Afriel added. “Castiel, could you really?” she asked, a lightness to her voice that Dean wanted to choke out of her.
“You like that, sweetheart?” he asked, leaning forward to run his mouth up the long column of Cas’ throat and biting at his stubbled jaw.
“No, no, I’m good,” he said lamely, relaying the classic words of a weathered alcoholic trying to save face.
They made it work, as best they could, and did their damnedest not to dwell on what they’d left behind. Dean’s hands were still shaking a couple of days in, and no matter how badly he wanted it to, the pounding in his head telling him to go back to Bobby’s had barely started to fade.
He could smell the flowers. He could even smell the woody scent of the wicker baskets. It all felt so foreign, sickly sweet compared to the musty stink of the rest of what they were used to.
Dean laughed and batted her hand away. “I promise I’ll try,” he said, a lop-sided grin pulling at one side of his mouth.
Sam barked a harsh laugh. “Next time, let it happen, Dean. If Cas died because of some stupid, selfish decision you made, I wouldn’t want to be around for it anyway.”
“You’re running low,” he said, handing the bottle to Dean. With a flap of wings, he was gone.
Sam stared at Dean and swallowed. “I know. It’s never about you. You never let it be about you.”
“I still have considerable physical strength,” Cas reminded them. “The dust around the barricade doesn’t seem to be disturbed, which likely means there isn’t anything living in the area.”
**********
“Another one,” she said, pointing an accusing finger at him. “I can see your true form.
Three of them watched the dry wood get consumed by fire as the fourth dropped to his knees, screaming as the spell that tied him to his home went up in smoke.
“Dean,” Cas said beside him. “The turnoff—”
Millions more died from their injuries, and from inhaling the poisonous air that asphyxiated most of the country.
“Dean,” Sam’s voice sounded so far away. “I know. We’ll get him.”
Cas didn’t budge.
“Yeah, buddy. Exactly.”
“Are you going to…” Sam started but trailed off, not wanting to finish.
“I wasn’t reading out loud from the friggin’ Necronomicon, Sammy,” Dean muttered, but stepped back from the table anyway. “So you think the answer to the whole demon tablet thing is in a book?”
“What?” Cas looked wild. If he could stay focused on any one part of Dean’s face for longer than a second, his eyes might have burned a hole right through him.
“Sorry. It was starting to get really gross. I don’t know how you humans do it,” she said. Dean finally winced at the scar tissue that pulled across her face when she talked.
**********
The angel blade immediately dropped from Cas’ sleeve, and the other three men grabbed the guns from their belts out of habit, although they all knew they’d be of no use.
Sam stayed in the library as Cas, Dean, and Bobby went back to their physical search. Shelf after shelf of dusty old relics, weird pendants, and unassuming chairs that wanted to kill you. They moved faster today, finding their rhythm after the disastrous results of the day before. It was quicker with three people, easier, and although the room they started seemed massive and looming when they first walked in, they got through it pretty quickly. Still nothing that Cas could confirm was any sort of demon tablet, though. Nothing that even came close to looking like one.
The hatch of the bunker was set into the side of one of those hills—a rusty, metal door surrounded by a circle of red brick. The four men stopped side-by-side and looked at the entrance.
Cas nodded.
“The key,” Larry confirmed, nodding. “It opens the lock that protects every object, scroll, and spell the Men of Letters ever collected. A thousand years of history under one roof.”
“What the hell was that?” Sam interrupted, half-shouting as he moved into Dean’s personal space. It got Dean’s back up—if Sam wanted a fight, he’d get one.
“It’s certainly odd, but I don’t understand why you have such an aversion to them.”
He looked down at his boots and shoved his hands in the pockets of his jacket. Chicks. Add chicks to the list of things he missed about life before.
He wandered over to the other side of the basement and stood in front of the huge, metal door that sealed the safe room. He could still hear Sam screaming for him when he looked at it, pleading through the thick metal and trying to convince him and their uncle that he was fine. But even though his memories of this room made his stomach twist into knots, it was the only place that could have kept Sam safe.
“What d’ya need me for?” He asked, his voice barely audible coming out of his raw throat.
“Is it always like this?”
In Texas, after the abandoned Chupacabra hunt and after everything, Sam and Dean were driving back to Bobby’s listening to the news reports coming in. They heard things like “annihilation” and “millions dead” and “catastrophic proportions.”
(See the end of the chapter for
The floodlights in the backyard lit up and sent thin beams of light through the slats of wood that covered the windows. Without a second thought, they rushed to the back door.
Cas waited for him to continue, but when Dean didn’t say anything more he took a steadying breath.
“I like touching you where I’ve marked you.” Cas’s voice was low, and he angled his hands to drag his thumbs over the flesh-covered Enochian sigils carved into Dean’s ribs.
Cas moved his hands over Dean, exploring and unsure of where to rest. He shifted his attention to the other side of Dean’s throat, gaining confidence as the press of his lips turned into something closer to a kiss, his mouth open and wet. Dean pushed himself up to get better leverage and he held on—as if he’d float away if he didn’t run his hands down Cas’ firm back. His feet were almost off the ground, and he wrapped one leg behind the angel’s knee to pull him in closer and grind their hips together.
“Wait, sweetheart, wait,” Dean finally gasped. He was too close to the edge, and although this was the first time they’d gotten here and there was no reason to rush, he needed it too badly to stop himself from saying it. “Put your fingers in me.”
“I just wanted to, you know, say I’m sorry for being just a jerk the other day. Kinda covered that in the prayer but, uh, here it is in person, too.” He tried to keep his eyes on Cas’, but his attention kept getting pulled to the wings like he was stuck in their orbit. They were so ethereal it was hard to understand how they could even exist somewhere as dull and three-dimensional as Dean’s bedroom.
“We should burn ‘em.” Bobby’s low voice disturbed the quiet. “They were hunters, even if they were desperate.”
“No,” Dean barked at the same time Sam said, “Sure.”
Kitchens. Dean missed kitchens. You’d think living a life on the road, they wouldn’t be too high on his list. But after cooking every damn thing he ate over a fire and dunking dishes in a bucket to clean them—they were quickly entering the top five.
, Dean thought as he swallowed him back down.
“A ‘princess’?” Charlie asked laughing. “Nah. I’m a queen, bitch. And I have a consenting harem of sexy ladies to prove it.”
“I still have two hours left on my shift.”
“Is this okay?” Dean felt warm, foolish. This was probably the most physical contact he’d ever allowed between him and Cas outside of the odd, lingering hug. But those were always reserved for special occasions—the deadly kind, or the big reunion kind. This was just the two of them hanging out in his room after a few hours apart.
Nothing happened.
He reached down and wrapped his hand around Cas, stroking him until he melted into a puddle of shameless moans and gasps, muttering in a language Dean didn’t recognize. Cas’ hands ran down his back and dug his fingers into the flesh of Dean’s ass trying to pull him closer. Dean bent his head into the crook of Cas’ neck, tasting salt and pressing his lips against the low, rumbling vibration of his throat.
“Gimme a second,” Dean barked back and headed to find another room. “Wait, do we have coffee?”
“No, no,” Dean said with a grimace as a spring came loose in the couch and jabbed into him. “Let’s go, buddy.”
Sam shook their half-full gas can. “Not bad, at least.”
“What would a party be without a drunken heart-to-heart?” Dean said with a tense laugh as Sam’s eyes narrowed. He cracked the twist of the bottle and skipped the cup, pouring the booze right down his throat, before turning to fill Sam’s glass.
His first instinct was to shut that line of thinking down, to eradicate Cas’ guilt, but something made him hesitate.
“Let’s get you to bed,” he said quietly into Cas’ ear, undoing his belt with a snap.
His bed was empty. Cold. There was a glass of water beside the bed and Dean drank it, trying to dull the ache that was pounding in the back of his head. Down his side. Everywhere. But it was smothered, suffocated, by the uncurled ribbons, the ones that had a single name printed on them over and over again.
“I don’t like seeing you… like that,” Cas continued, until Dean rolled back over to swing his arm up to cover Cas’ mouth with his hand.
bubble, like some kind of sci-fi forcefield. But he marched right to the columned porch, taking the steps two at a time, and only stopped when he was standing in front of the white-washed screen door.
, Cas.” The words were ripped from his throat as Cas caught the pink bud between his teeth and flicked it with his tongue. Dean moaned and dragged his free hand through messy hair, his hips thrusting up to grind against Cas—against anything—but his movements were restricted by stiff denim.
“Very much,” Cas said softly, turning to rub his face against Dean’s stubble, before leaning in to kiss his mouth. It was quiet, firm, perfect, and left him reeling.
“That’s what I friggin’ said!” Dean burst. “What kind of Mayberry crap is this?”
“Alright, alright. Let me help you out,” Dean said, quieting his laughter. He put his beer down on the counter and reached over to help Cas smooth things out with his restless wings.
“They can never get the accent right.”
He wanted something to be off in the small cafe. He did. He wanted an excuse to pull Cas back to him, to get him out of there and remind him where he belonged—beside Dean, on a hunt or in the bunker or driving across the country in the Impala. But other than the bizarre amount of plants and the angel of the Lord slinging drinks behind the counter, nothing was out of place. He shifted on the uncomfortable wooden bench. Maybe it was him. He was out of place.
**********
“Oh don’t pull that shit on me,” Dean interrupted. “That’s not what I’m saying and you know it.”
“What do you expect? It’s exactly what Lucifer wanted,” Turiel replied, sullen. He felt, not sympathy, but something for the fallen planet.
Cas looked at the small frame of the door. “Yes, that’s a good idea. I’ll meet you in the library.” And he was gone.
**********
The brothers both turned to look at the bridge entrance and saw their path was now mostly clear. Minus a few splinters of wood and some sand that had been left behind smeared across the road and blending in with the ash that covered the dark asphalt.
“We need Sam,” Dean muttered, although didn’t like saying it. He wanted to give his brother time to rest up and get over whatever had taken up residence in his lungs.
They all shared a look but lowered their guns and followed him inside.
“I’m feeling… very tired.” Cas’ said. His eyes were already closed.
**********
Charlie’s face twisted. “Rude,” She said. “I might be a chick but I could still shoot you in the face. The point is I
They set up a pretty good system that got them through most of the large room. Cas would scour the shelves, checking for anything actually dangerous, and Dean would follow him, taking a closer look at whatever Cas deemed safe enough to touch.
Cas looked happy, though—relaxed. In fact, he looked better than he had in a long time.
“Guess we both get wet,” Dean said, and grabbed a can of spaghetti from his brother’s hands.
“Perhaps one, maybe two angels,” Cas said steadily, the hot weight of his hand burning through Dean’s jeans. It was the only thing in the room, hell, in the world, that he could concentrate on.
**********
He was exhausted, but even at the end of the world there was no time to just stop. He’d spent his entire life killing things and saving people. Now, he hunted for food and ammo and killed anyone who got in his way.
“You ok?” He asked.
“The key?”
It was a few hours before dawn, as far as he could tell (and he really couldn’t), and wet cold clung to his clothes as he stood up to stretch. Cas was standing a few feet away, looking towards the tops of the trees. He had a look on his face he usually reserved for pizza man-level dilemmas. Dean decided to leave him to it, flashes of their conversation the night before making him feel raw.
It was Castiel that spoke. “Afriel. Turiel. What are you doing on earth?”
“What the hell just happened?” Dean asked, unsure of whether or not he was angry or worried. “And what the hell are those?” He gestured wildly to the two wings protruding from Cas’ raw-looking back.
When they got back to the bunker, Cas was half-collapsed. Dean got him into the shower, disinfected his wounds, and gave him a pair of clean sweats before he laid him down in bed. He was out cold the second his head hit the pillow, and Dean left a bottle of water and two painkillers on his bedside table for when he came to. He’d barely moved as he slept, except to curl into Dean when he went down for the night.
As the fabric fell away, Cas revealed a large, stone tablet covered in engravings the three humans couldn’t even begin to decipher.
“Alright,” Turiel said, “Let’s try this again.” This time, he walked over to another one of the filthy booths, pushing the plates of green food off of the table and onto the floor. They collapsed in a pile of dust and stink on the checkered laminate. He gestured to the table and shimmied onto the bench and Afriel followed. Cas sat on the other end of the padded half-circle, but the three hunters opted to grab diner chairs, scraping them along the ground to sit on the outside where they’d have more space.
Cas reached up and wrapped a hand around his cock with his face still buried between Dean’s thighs, and tears fell down the sides of Dean’s face as he struggled not to bite down on the powerful wing. He finally threw his head back, gasping for air and muttering a stream of words he never thought he’d have the chance to say as the heat in the base of his spine spread down his legs and up under his ribs. When Cas crooked his fingers inside of him one more time, Dean finally let go, shuddering as he covered his stomach and chest in come.
The wings answered for him, lifting and flexing above Cas’ head in an obvious
“There’s hardly anything left. We might have to go further next time.”
Cas paced, but stayed on the other side of the car. His shoulders were drawn in, pulling a tight line across the back of his coat, and Dean followed the curve with his eyes. He felt like he’d spent an eternity looking at that coat. When he closed his eyes and thought about Cas, those nights he’d let himself, he always saw sharp angles, blue eyes, and that damn trench coat.
“Let’s move, then,” he said, climbing into his seat and shoving the hand warmers into the glove box—throwing the paper towel he’d cleaned them off with out of the window. Dean put the car into gear and pulled out onto the small highway, both of them watching the group of grey, emaciated people shuffle towards the entrance of the gas station.
Abaddon rolled her eyes as she watched what was unfolding in Normal from a distance. Angels were usually so… predictable, she thought with a disgusted curl of her lip. These two though, they didn’t closely follow the Winchesters like she expected they would. They kept disappearing, fluttering off and leaving the humans completely unprotected.
Dean bit the inside of his cheek hard enough to sting and mentally kicked himself. Goddamn it. Why did he have to open his stupid mouth?
Dean’s heart was beating rapidly in his chest. He pressed his foot down on the accelerator and tried to keep his breathing even. “We were attacked. Me n’ Cas. Five on two. Thought it was only four.” He winced at the stupid move.
“Phones don’t work, haven’t for months.”
He kicked off his boots and collapsed onto the mattress.
Dean looked at him and considered his options before giving in with a shrug and leaning back carefully into the fold of feathers.
His coffee came in a smaller cup than yesterday, and it was more bitter and less rich, but it did everything right to Dean’s insides. He wasn’t prepared for the noise that forced its way out of the back of his throat at his first sip, and the look Cas gave him as he lowered the cup made his face burn hotter than the espresso.
Maybe it seemed dumb or desperate, but Dean shrugged the feeling away and smiled at her instead. He thought his days of meeting good people were long gone, but meeting Charlie had been a bright spot in one hell of a dark chapter of his life. Now he realized how badly he’d need it, how badly they’d all needed it. Their job to save the world wasn’t finished, but he felt some of the weight of the end of the world lift off of his shoulders. The others looked better too, lighter—and definitely a lot cleaner.
“Understatement of the fucking century, Cas.”
Cas had never exactly gotten to the details of the thing, other than using the words “difficult” and “complicated” and “not what I’d expected.”
“That’s enough,” Turiel, scolded. “It’s Lucifer’s fault. It has nothing to do with us.”
**********
Dean’s insides turned to ice. “Where the fuck is he?”
“I told you, I tried.”
And as suddenly as they’d appeared, the strange angels were gone, leaving Sam, Bobby, Dean, and Cas standing alone in the last lit up diner in the world.
“What, Sammy, you in a rush to get out of paradise?”
“Nice to meet you,” she said, that same grin painted on her face.
The drive was short, and Dean breathed out a sigh of relief as they pulled up in front of a building that looked like it was built before Y2K—unlike most of the other places in town they’d seen. The façade was unassuming, there wasn’t even a sign, Dean noticed—no way to tell this place was a bar or a club or whatever it was.
“It isn’t late,” Cas looked to the sky as he said it, reminding Dean of Crocodile Dundee so much he couldn’t help but crack half a smile. He would have brought it up, but Cas probably wouldn’t have a clue what he was talking about—and it didn’t seem like the right time for a pop-culture lesson.
“Oh no, I want to. Just uh, just sayin’.” Dean grinned, trying to hide his nerves behind a confident layer of charm. But he wanted to, god did he want. He swallowed heavily and slowly undid Cas’ jeans.
As Dean watched her straddle the moped, he half expected that group of hidden snipers to reveal themselves, but none did. And then she turned the key and was off, puttering down the dark road barely lit by her weak headlight.
“Dean, we need to go.”
“I’ll make it up to you, Dean. Trust me,” Cas said. And he winked, he fucking
“Is he okay?” Sam asked frantically, pushing fabric aside to look at the wound just as Dean had done.
