The phone rang.
Miss Willows nodded along but John saw her trying to fit the face and the name together. Probably sure she had seen him before, the name ringing a distant bell but surely... couldn't be him.
"The presentation... oh god, Larry..."
John gave the man a nod, expecting that to be it. But then again he was used to not having his expectations met, and the man stuck around, breathing more potent stench into the air.
There was no need to beat around the bush with this one. "The usual, I take it?"
Her frequent fainting hadn't been diabetes like she'd been worried about, merely the fact that she'd missed two of her three meals a day for two weeks or more while she worked on the big advertising campaign at work. Now she'd learnt her lesson she could focus on her assignment.
Sherlock wasn't in there. He hadn't been for twelve long months, yet somehow John had quite forgotten this fact in the need to share the phone call with someone who'd understand. The only person who ever understood. His hand hovered over the doorknob, as though to touch it would mean to be electrocuted. Slowly he withdrew and let his hands fall to his sides.
"Irrelevant questions, all irrelevant – are you losing your touch? Or was it Holmes' all along?"
He should have known. Anything around that place would get back to Mycroft. He wouldn't be surprised if Mycroft was having him followed.
"Good to see you too," smiled John. And it was a genuine smile at that. If anything the moment made him wish he'd met up with him sooner rather than keeping a hermit-like distance. John pointed to the stack of papers on Lestrade's desk. "Business as usual?"
It was an odd feeling, walking through the offices as a single party. Even stranger that he felt nervous. Hands ballsed by his sides, John waited to be introduced by the clerk but Lestrade was already striding towards his office door.
John ripped the seal and ripped out the contents, a few black and white photos cascading onto the floor as the papers flapped in his fingers. He didn't recognise the name -
"Lure him out."
"No you haven't."
The misspelt word was upside down, in size ten text and the document closest to her. Getting over her flustered state she chuckled, shaking her head. "That's what we need around here. Clients take no prisoners, if there's a mistake please let me know."
"So no more visits to the Doctor for you."
More silence. Or he
One sheet of paper, nothing else on it but those three words, signed in a code of punctuation John didn't understand. He turned it over to study it, see if there were any clues but of course there were none. When had he sounded annoyed? Probably most of the time, he'd become rather snappish lately.
The look on Lestrade's face became sombre. "You've had twelve months to make a social call. I figured it must be important to come and see me, especially given - anyway," said the Inspector, gesturing for John to sit. "Tell me what troubles you."
"Knightsbridge Village, we were asking her about marketing our services because she seemed to
Watson stood and shivered, half-wrapped in his sheet, until I could take pity on him and readjust his wrapping. Then I crouched to prod the fire back to a healthy roar. I went into my bedroom to fetch my best quilted dressing gown; upon my return I dressed him in it and sent him to sit in the armchair. I put his bath sheet down on the floor as well. The towels were wet through.
"Watson," I gasped, feeling the tight promise of my peak gathering low in my hips. "I'm– oh, my boy, I'm so very close."
"Chop those for me," he said, indicating the pile of food. John picked up the knife, tested its edge with his thumbnail, and began to chop. It felt good in his hand—strong, weighted correctly, and sharp as hell—and he didn't let the memory of the chicken dish make him unsteady. The motion was familiar. He could do this, with Sherlock as his witness.
," Sherlock said, as if it were a dirty word.
"Do you want me to shave
true! Just what the bloody fucking hell do you think you're doing here, eh? Picked up and moved on, have you?"
"Can't remember?" he asked, adjusting his collar and, with a self-consciousness that made me blush, the distorted line of his trousers. "How much can't you remember?"
"You know how you get," I whisper.
"John," I gasp, on the verge.
I hadn't expected things to change, now that we were married. It was a marriage of convenience, and yet everything we did together took on a new meaning, even (especially) the mundane things. Sitting with him over breakfast meant I was sitting with my husband, not only my very good friend and colleague. Arguing with him over the results of some scientific experiment that was outlined in the
"Whatever it is, Sherlock," John interrupted, "don't think it. I've put a lot into this—
I looked away, my heart thundering in my chest. I squeezed my hands on my knees and looked back at him; the patient, tender expression on his face was the only thing I ever needed in life.
He was numb all over as stripped down and got into the shower. He'd only meant to wipe himself clean, belly and hands, but now he needed a full rinse. Something had gone wrong. He thought he'd been clear. He wanted Sherlock, and the reaction Sherlock had had to that news, he'd
"Oh," he said, and protested no more. Instead he set to nibbling at my ear and throat, which always sets my blood afire.
That mission was visiting the offices of several widely-read London newspapers and inserting a bit of sensationalist copy into the next morning's run that asserted Blakeley was still at large. It was Holmes's favourite ruse, but it had decent success rates. While the police searched for Blakeley's body, his murderer might be persuaded to reveal himself thinking he was yet undetected. If it didn't have success in a day or two, Holmes would try something else.
Sherlock looked up at him, his teeth dug into his lower lip. His eyes were red with lack of sleep, his face pale and haggard. He reached up and gripped John's shirt at the sides. "It has to be perfect," he said.
Sherlock had not expected John to agree so quickly to his plan for the restaurant at 221. He thought perhaps he’d need to woo him a little longer, show him a few of his better tricks, maybe take him out to a dinner he hadn’t cooked and convince him that they needed one another. He was almost disappointed that he no longer had an excuse to take John to Angelo’s for some candle-lit convincing. He’d been craving their scallops—but never mind. John was in.
I saw the benefit of it as soon as I got home to a quiet flat, and spent a few hours tidying. I picked up the books and papers that had gradually spread throughout the sitting room as we'd researched and followed leads, and organised them on Holmes's desk. I collected days-old dishware that had made its way to distant bookshelves and window sills and took them down to the kitchen. By the time I was done, the rooms were refreshed and I felt lighter. Holmes and I both had our roles to play, and for now mine was a supporting one. I would be here for him when he came home.
John was backstage. The heat of the lights had him right away, and he knew they were on the telly again. Harry was beside him, rocking on her toes in her anxiousness. They were waiting for an assessment. John went over the dish in his mind: the preparations, the sauces, the final product. It felt good. He'd always done well under pressure.
"Thank you," Sherlock said. "Chef Watson and I have worked very hard to get things just right."
I concluded that Holmes and I must have kissed at our ceremony, and I regretted not remembering it. I found myself wishing to repeat the night so that I could experience it, and that moment in particular. I felt shy about the desire, but only because it was Holmes, whom I'd known so long, not because he was a man. Perhaps I was not as straight-laced as I had imagined.
"Easy," John said. "You leave a mark, people will talk."
"It's not going to work," John said. "I'm sorry, but it's not. We'll alienate half the dining population of London. You have to consider vegetarians and food allergies—"
"Sherlock, my dear boy," he said, ushering me in and guiding me toward the sitting room. "You look terrible."
Holmes sprang out of bed and scrambled for his dressing gown. Decently wrapped, he went to the door and cracked it open. She stuck a note through the gap and for a moment I couldn't hear what they were saying to one another. Then he thanked her and shut the door. He handed me the missive and shucked his dressing gown, starting towards his wardrobe. The afterglow was over, but I did not find myself particularly disappointed. I sat up and opened the note.
John gasped, "Fuck, Sherlock— I'm—"
"Bossy git," John said, fucking him harder.
"Clever, how?"
The landlady was waiting for our reply.
"Do you want my mouth?" I rumbled.
"Excellent. Well, not particularly excellent, but it'll have to do." The man put the pipette down and struck his palms on his thighs. "I've got my eye on a little place off Regent's Park; I think together we can really make something of it. I'll make an appointment with Mrs Hudson for tomorrow at noon, will that suit you?"
I grinned at him. "I'll see what I can do," I said.
Sherlock wrinkled his nose. "Too sharp, and I don't like the smokiness of it," he said.
"Lady Duncan!" I echoed, and we drank again. The wine was a medium-bodied dry red, with a bouquet of plum and chocolate, and was certainly being wasted on us at this point.
His gaze flickered to my mouth and back up to my eyes.
My mouth still hurt from being punched, but I could have devoured Holmes on the spot. I wrapped my arms around him and pulled us even closer together, if such a thing were possible. He was hard in his trousers, and much the same could have been said for me. He groaned into my mouth, and pulled back again to run his hands through my hair and say, "I was starting to think I'd got the wrong impression."
Well, in that case.
His arse is magnificent. I love to be on a level with it, feeling the flex of his powerful thighs and the tremble that starts up when he’s near his crisis and desperate to reach it. I unbuttoned his braces and tugged on his trousers until they were around his knees.
to look at him. He’s splendid. His posture alone could bring me to my knees; it occasionally does. His hands are works of art— he wastes time describing mine, when his own can take a man apart and put him back together again. His eyes— God! his eyes!— are the blue of the English channel in the summer. No wonder people fling themselves at him.
, but he can't stand the idea of doing it in town where everyone knows us. We're too well-known, you see, to do it without it becoming a spectacle."
His makeup kit on his vanity serves more purpose than disguise; many of the flannels there are put to use in situations like this. He found one, wiped himself clean, did the same for me, my belly, and my right hand, and then stood nude in the centre of the room to light a cigarette. I admired him full-length: his long, pale arms; his elegant bearing; his strong thighs, knees, calves, and feet; his glorious rosy prick, softening against the dark thatch of his pubic hair; his piercing eyes and soft smirk when he caught me looking. I smiled back, stretching my arms over my head and relishing the pull of my muscles.
"Those things will kill you," John said to him when he ducked back in through the kitchen door and sidled up to the prep table where John was standing. Toni and Paul kept their heads down, focused on the prep they were doing. The oysters were a loss, so John had them shelling peas just for something to do. "You should probably quit."
Instead, Sherlock was standing at the window, staring down into the street. He’d already exchanged his chef whites for trousers and a jacket.
"Get in," he said, and let my wrist go. I stood, divested myself of my too-many layers as quickly as I could, and climbed, naked as a jaybird and stiff as a pike, into the bath with him.
good at intricate."
"I don't know, I think she'd understand."
[Holmes and Watson in their "state of the art" kitchen. Photograph: Sebastian Moran for the
"Get on top," he gasped, pulling off John abruptly. John didn't miss a beat, just pushed Sherlock's hip and rolled them both over, almost to the edge of the wide bed. John shoved his thighs up and slotted himself back in neatly, piercing Sherlock to the core. Sherlock's back arched; his hair was sticking, sweat-damp, to his forehead. He braced his hands on the headboard. John took the hint and began to pound into him, hips working hard and fast. Sherlock's prick dripped on his own stomach now. He pushed back into John's thrusts and said, "Harder!"
"John," he gasped, "I'm— I'm so close—"
“A nightmare.”
At John and Greg's simultaneous laugh of disbelief, Sherlock's smile was sly and quietly pleased. His cheeks flushed pink and he turned away.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "They're just glad you haven't fired me yet."
"Sherlock, don't be an idiot."
"Everything all right, Mr Holmes?" the constable asked.
"Is this molecular gastronomy business going to work?" he asked.
"Do shut up," I laughed, and eased myself off of him to lay at his side. He rolled with me, stretching himself along the length of my body. He gripped my cock again and leaned over me, pressing kisses to my temple and cheek.
"Would you like to listen to music?" the machine with Watson's face asks.
"What do you need me for, then?"
Sherlock wanted to say something cocky, about how people were always impressed when his cooking was in question, but it stuck in his throat. He swallowed and nodded.
"No," Mycroft said again, cutting me off. "He didn't."
His preferences did not shock or offend me; I had been acquainted with men of his ilk my whole life. I had never considered such a leaning for myself, because I had always desired women. Certainly, there had been men in my youth who I had admired, but it had been aesthetic only, or certain personalities I was drawn to: a brilliant fellow medical student at University; a clever major in my regiment; a consulting detective, the only one in the world. As we became acquainted with one another in the guise of "husband" I began to question that admiration.
He stood aside with Greg and Molly as Sherlock paid for the wine and delivery of same, not even wanting to hear the charge. The spectre of Mycroft loomed, chastising. John couldn't imagine Sherlock spending his inheritance on cocaine, not when he returned with such joy from dropping a couple thousand pounds on wine. Although, now he had a
"Aww," John said, "you do care."
," he started.
"Er," John said, "what we're really proud of is how smoothly the whole process has been, putting the restaurant together. We were really lucky to find such a perfect spot that was available—"
Sherlock beamed. "Goes up to five thousand RPM," he said proudly, patting it on its lid. "Second-hand from Bart's Hospital."
John, open-mouthed with shock, found the coat hanging where Sherlock had said it was. It was the same white coat that the rest of the cooks were wearing, and it had his name on the front.
“Come here,” he says, and pulls me down for another lingering kiss.
I didn't need to admit I had blacked out. That was an embarrassing and unnecessary detail.
"I was just…" Holmes cleared his throat. "I'm sorry I didn't say anything earlier, that's all." He touched my face, and I felt his ring, body-warm against my cheek.
"I think that's
"If it's breakfast," he said, "absolutely not."
"I'll be all right."
"You'll want your own space," Sherlock said. With John on top of him, he could feel the expanse of his scar with his fingers. John shivered, ticklish, so Sherlock moved on to his vertebrae.
Lestrade came back into the kitchen. "They're gone," he said. "That prick tried to get me to give him a sound byte to use, but I told him where he could shove it."
"Will you be teaching them that smoking technique you were doing last night to the mushrooms?" John asked. He flushed suddenly, remembering what happened after the mushrooms had been interrupted. He recovered himself. "That kind of showmanship is just what you're going for, isn't it?"
“Rather,” I agreed. I kissed him again and then, reluctantly, pulled myself upright. He had closed his eyes again and looked ready to sleep right there. I shook him. “Get up,” I ordered. “You’re sleeping in a bed tonight, so help me God.”
"My brother's apartment."
Mary was waiting at the bar when he arrived, looking as if she belonged there. They'd spent more than a few late nights here after the dinner shift at Fifth Northumberland, and even with her haircut and her new coat she brought the memories thundering back.
He waved me away. I left him prone on the bed we'd shared–as innocently as two bachelors could, though in all particulars neither of us were a bachelor any longer–and went downstairs.
“Nevermind, you nearly cracked the spine right here,” he said, and then he began to read it aloud.
"It's out," Sherlock said softly, his knee just touching John's.
"Watson," he murmured, "it must be done this way, or you may go wait in the sitting room for me."
The bushes rustled again, and over Williams’s pitiful whinging I heard the sounds of a fourth person departing.
"We're looking to hire two teams," he went on, "although we haven't entirely decided how to split them up yet, or what the shifts are going to look at. But we want the job to be reliable, enjoyable, and worthwhile. Nevertheless, the pressure is on for myself and Chef to create a quality product, a unique and exciting menu, and we need to know if you are up to the task. We're going to have three challenges for you to complete. The first one is to create a starter from the ingredients in the kitchen right now, working in teams. Chef has paired you up and I'll give you those assignments in a moment. We'll have a little break for lunch and a chat, get to know one another a little better, and then afterwards we'll be doing an individual challenge to follow a recipe of Chef's devising. Tomorrow, we'll do a test run of thirty covers for dinner, randomly selected from our tentative menu. There will be a little bit of assembly line stuff, a few opportunities for some improvisation, and we might throw a few curve balls at you."
“May I?” Watson asks, giving my night shirt a gentle tug upwards. I shift, freeing the fabric from underneath me, and allow it to be pulled up to my waist. We are cozy beneath the blankets, but the sheets feel cool on my bare thighs. Watson's fingers are warm and strange on my stomach. His touch drifts, passing lightly over my navel and down the thin line of hair below it. I can smell my own arousal and I miss the scent of his body with it. I squeeze my eyes shut.
I bought the literature in Holywell Street. I knew what it was, of course; I wasn’t there by
trained professionals, or are you practicing to be gossip mongers when you grow up?"
There was a pause, in which I slipped my hands around his waist and down the fronts of his thighs, feeling the jut of his stiffening cock, and he in turn decided whether to send me on my way.
I scowled.
“Oh, yes,” said I, “I was only looking.”
John raised an eyebrow. "I beg your pardon?"
"It's just a
"Which is why we don't need to talk about it again." John threw back the duvet and got up to get more coffee. He could tell by the quality of the silence in the bedroom him that Sherlock wanted to say a great deal more, but he was grateful when Sherlock refrained.
"I can't say I approve of it as finger food," Sherlock said, biting into his waffle, which was wrapped like a cone around the fried chicken and spicy jam, "but it will certainly do."
“I thought we got rid of him already.”
I took off again, chasing the dark figure for all I was worth. The quicker I caught the scoundrel, the sooner I could be back at Holmes's side. I had a suspicion about what was wrong; it had been the subject of one of our recurring rows, and that it affected his work now would only lend weight to my argument. My heart pounded in my chest, and the cold air nipped at my face even as the rest of me grew warm with activity. I could no longer see my quarry, but I could just hear him, his feet slapping the pavement as he ran. But the hesitation had cost me, and the sound quickly faded as the fog swallowed him up. I stopped to listen and knew, even before I could hear over my own heartbeat in my ears, that I had failed. Holmes was intimate with every crevasse and corner of these streets, but I had not made the same study. I could not catch our runaway, and if I went in too deep there was a chance I would never get out again alive.
"How much bigger?"
Dear readers, thank you for coming on this very silly journey with me. I started imagining this fic in 2013, when I first saw
"Well," said I, and as I said it I realized I was babbling, "you know, we all do strange things sometimes."
The trouble with it was that I had been in love with John Watson since 1881. I didn't admit it to myself until the summer of 1883, but by then I was in so deep there was no turning back. Having never been in love before, understanding the concept didn't help me act on it, and anyway he had never expressed any interest in men. He was a great appreciator of women, almost to an insulting degree, and there was nothing on earth that would make me risk his scorn by admitting my feelings to him. I was convinced he would shun me.
"Do we know who's coming?" Gregson asked. "For the industry night, I mean."
"Don't let him in."
The machine smiles; the expression is agony to me. It has the same wrinkles he had around his eyes. "Holmes, I would never," it says fondly. "If I were going to turn you in, I'd just take you back inside."
"You'd better come see this."
Sherlock glared at him, but John stood his ground and stared placidly back. This was his responsibility. If Sally and Phil caused a scene, John would fire them. If they worked efficiently and Sherlock behaved himself, maybe they could stay. But he wouldn't make the decision until he'd seen them all in motion.
"I don't," he said softly. "There's nothing here to look at. I haven't made an official study of all the boot prints of all the constables, but I'm familiar with an awful lot of them, and that's all I see here. There's no rhyme or reason to the movement; everyone is just running about, back and forth. There's no pattern, no focal point."
"Holmes?" I called, turning around in surprise. Who else could it be? I got up and hurried out into the hall. No one else had stirred; I pulled the street door open and looked out. "Holmes!"
"Don't you dare take me to Lestrade."
I lifted my head. He was feeling the wet spot beneath his hips.
“Very good,” said she, and departed.
"Oh, not right
"Enough," John gasped, "enough, Christ—"
“You look like you’re about to do some magic trick,” he said.
." He made a face, somewhere between disdain and jealousy. "Emotionally."
John grimaced. There had been one challenge that had almost turned into a disaster because of Harry's carelessness. It hadn't been anything as dramatic as burning down a building, but the scalded milk made a dreadful custard.
"Kindly do not speak to me," said he, "for at least an hour. I need to consider our next move now that Blakeley knows we are in pursuit." He crossed the room to sink into his chair and pulled his knees up, digging his heels into the edge of the seat. He wrapped one arm around them and chewed roughly on the end of his pipe.
"Surprise!" they all shouted, more or less in unison, with Lestrade and the rest of the constables who had been outside joining in from behind us.
"Soft open two weeks before."
"You've never struck me as a coward, John, and I am rarely wrong about people. Now, your coat is in the office behind the door; find an apron, and start piping some fucking peas."
For these reasons, among others, Holmes has learned to let me sleep, even if he himself is determined to work on through the night. But he also knows he can wake me, should the situation turn dire.
"I'm treating you like a woman."
Sherlock beamed. "You suggested it."
A shudder shakes my frame and I press my face more firmly into the earth, as if I could feel his presence through it. He's not here. He's been gone a long time, and all I have left is a ruined stone. “So you know the truth,” I sigh. “Good. Does Lestrade?”
"Oh, yes," he agreed, and together we staggered to our feet. We were going to get married.
to finish that."
"I really am feeling much better, myself," he said. "I fear I have not properly expressed my gratitude to you."
"Well," I said, peering still closer, "there are a few minor details to be cleared up, purely for my own curiosity, but, yes, I am confident in my conclusions."
He tipped his head a little, listening without looking at me.
Hot water appeared, and I barely looked at the maid as she bobbed and vanished again. Watson let me clean the scrape on his shoulder and his cheek, and wash the blood out of his hair. He winced as the touch of my fingers, but soon his soft, blond hair was clean and damp, and the water faintly pink. I cleaned his split lip, too, and saw that his eyes were welling up again.
"Stop reading it. You've read it three times this morning."
I reached out and grasped his shoulder, squeezing it in what I hoped was a reassuring manner.
I slip him deeper into my mouth, bobbing up and down as I suck his tip. His cock head fits so neatly into my mouth, and the thick salt taste of him has my gut clenching with desire. My hand, wrapped around his shaft, moves up and down as my head does, getting slicker with every pass. I cup his bollocks with my other hand.
He groaned softly, leaning down to kiss me as I shook, and I'm afraid I couldn't muster the coordination to kiss back.
"Holmes, please," I whispered, stroking his neck and shoulders, pushing my heels against his knees.
"Thank you, Chef," Harry said, which was totally wrong, because Mary wasn't a chef. She was a damn good manager, and she knew her way around a kitchen, but calling her a chef was like calling John a doctor. He'd done some First Aid training, but he wasn't prepared for a real medical emergency.
“No one, save me.”
"Oh, God, Watson, finish it, will you?"
Then that foppish Oscar Wilde got caught up in the strange debacle with his lover and his lover's father, and all at once sodomy was legal and, not only that, apparently encouraged.
"I didn't like it."
"I didn't say we couldn't snog, though."
Lestrade accepted. "I'm sorry to bother you gentlemen so soon after your…" he said, and paused. He looked around the room at the floral arrangements, and then at us. I'd slept in my wedding ring, and Holmes was wearing his, I realized. Lestrade took a careful sip of hot coffee and said, "Holiday," with decisiveness. "But we've got a real corker down in Deptford and could use your eyes, Mr Holmes."
Greg still hesitated. "I'm just not sure… Sherlock, honestly, I don't know that they'll
I was never meant to be a widower. The honey was never supposed to work. They dragged me back from oblivion with a tube down my throat and assigned me an impossible task: to comprehend the future, and to live with what I had done.
"Why didn't you tell me
I'm sweating and my own prick is rigid; in this position it rubs against my own belly and my bollocks hang heavy between my spread thighs. Holmes's hand finds my head again, stroking my hair and carding it away from my eyes.
“Well,” John said, to his back, “that was…”
"More or less," she said. "Dad's been glad to have me back, anyway. And I'll bet it's a lot less stressful than working with this Sherlock Holmes nutter of yours." She gave him a waggling-eyebrows kind of look, hoping for the dish. His stomach clenched and he hid his frown behind his glass.
After the lease was signed, Sherlock took John to the licensing office to get their alcohol permit. They were in and out in under an hour, and Sherlock smirked at the astonishment on John’s face.
"I wonder if Harry will forgive her for giving us a favourable review."
"And focused," I muttered to Watson. "Professor Dalinger may be dead, you know."
"Well, Mr Simpson," Holmes said, "Where is Mr Blakeley?"
"Did Mike tell you about me already?" John demanded. He hadn't seen Mike send any texts between Piccadilly Circus and Holborn.
"Your
John grinned. "I'm not sure you can do that, seeing as we don’t employ him."
“It’s Lestrade,” came the voice from the sitting room.
and what the hell I've done with myself since….” He stopped.
When I pulled away, Holmes was as limp as a rag. He moaned in protest but made no move to push himself upright again. His entrance was red and gleaming, and my cock gave a valiant twitch. I put my head down between his shoulder blades to catch my breath, petting his heaving sides. He flung one arm back to pat me on the side in reply.
Sherlock tore out the pages and handed them over.
"Come, sit with me," I said, taking his hand and leading him to the settee.
"I missed too many deadlines," John said, his eyes on the wine list. He just wanted a lager. "They tried to give me a break, when I was in hospital, but there's just been so much else to do. Publisher lost interest."
I cover his hand with mine and press it more firmly to my body. “Yes.” I cannot ignore how stiff and rigid his fingers feel; they are not made of flesh and bone. I find it doesn’t bother me. His voice in my ear is pure.
"Pleasure," John said, shaking her hand.
I slipped into my bedroom and changed my clothes completely, from my drawers to my necktie. When I emerged once more, Watson was wearing his jacket and boots. Together we put on our hats and I advised against coats, given the rising spring temperature outside. He picked up his walking stick in the entryway, and we went outside.
"What?" Watson hissed.
"–with such devotion, and it's amazing really that two people could be so closely connected."
"You want to go home," it says, closing the door. Darkness engulfs us, save for the shining panel of controls. "Right?"
10.00 GMT
John's face heated. "I've got to think you're a genius, otherwise what am I doing here?"
Behind Sherlock, the bed was rumpled on one side and neatly made on the other: evidence that John had been there and gone. He was downstairs now, puttering around the kitchen, checking the mise en place or adjusting the dishwasher or realigning all the cutlery; whatever it was that he did to get ready. Sherlock could still feel the phantom sensation of John's exhale on the back of his neck while they'd slept.
He kissed me again deeply, and then pressed our foreheads together. Under the water, we had begun to stroke one another, and I felt the tremors of his pleasure running through his body. My hips rocked, pushing into his fist, sloshing the water around us.
"Untrue," Watson protested, and stubbed the cigarette out on the ground. I wanted another, but he didn't offer to light one. "What is the context for that ridiculous declaration?"
"You're not carrying your stress here anymore," she said, doing something that made it feel like the ball was going to come out of the socket.
"Well, then," my brother said, "don't. But don't let him languish under the assumption that you two are nothing more than partners in convenience, either. It would be cruel."
"Oi!" he thundered, and Sherlock struggled out of his grip. John let go. "You can be mad as you like," he said, "but don't treat my nice glassware like that."
"Is that your brother again?"
"Congratulations, arsehole," Harry shouted, "well spotted!"
We fell asleep like that, tangled together beneath the voluminous bedclothes, safe and sound in Colonel Hayter’s bachelor establishment. Future trips to Hayter’s estate wouldn’t require such drastic measures in the future, and I found Holmes very happy to make a return visit. I couldn’t always promise him a local mystery, but I always did my best to keep him safe, sound, and entertained.
been a pragmatic decision, but he was not known for his emotional vulnerability. It would be very like him to convince me to do something for a deeply tender reason while telling me it was for a case, for the work, for the good of someone other than him; for the good of us.
"You better not be about to put shampoo up my—"
"Ah."
John thought. Aloud, he said, “Yeah, well, someone’s got to keep him on track. Can’t come home with sixteen cases of Brut on a whim.” Greg laughed, and Molly allowed a smile. “Care to come along?” John asked them both. “I think we could get good and knackered on sips alone.”
"Please," I said, resting my hand upon his knee. He swallowed and lifted his hand to my cheek, where it rested awkwardly as he tried to calculate the angle at which to approach. He was thinking about it too hard, of course. I squeezed his thigh and pressed my mouth to his.
I hope to impress upon the reader that he does not hope, nor does he lack. Whenever he looks like he might need a distraction, he is well provided.
The scar was bigger than Sherlock could see right away; just the edge of it was visible beneath John's shirt. It was pinker than the rest of John's shoulder, shiny, and it was smooth beneath his tongue. Sherlock traced the edge of it, feeling a shiver run through John's body, and kissed the new skin softly. John breathed in sharply through his nose. Sherlock pushed himself up again, sitting heavily on John's lap, and John let go of him to cross his arms and pull the bottom of his shirt up.
Christ, when had Sherlock been planning to unveil this one? Good place to hide it, though; John would never have looked. He took off his button-down and shrugged on the coat. It fit perfectly. He fastened it up to the neck, shaking his head, and plucked a spare apron off the door.
“Never in life,” I protested, giving his hips a squeeze. “I am merely appreciating the charms of my dearest lifelong companion. Please, do not allow me to interrupt your study of that bread.”
"Genius," John replied.
John stared up at him. From this angle he looked about a thousand feet tall, and light shone through the wildness of his hair. His hands and wrists were scarred with old knife cuts and little burns: the marks of a career cook. John swallowed his self-pity and reached up. Sherlock's hands closed around his, warm and strong and steady. Sherlock heaved and John slid up the wall to his feet again.
"Watson,
John sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose. "That was probably his sound byte, then," he said. "Well, we'll deal with it. Sherlock kept his temper long enough, I think."
"No," Watson said with a smile. "It would be a rare woman who would suit you."
"I don't want pity," I said, although that wasn't true.
He stopped at Tesco on the way home, building a menu in his mind, and tossed it all on the worktop in the flat to take off his coat. Two carrier bags took up nearly the whole surface, but he was going to make it work. He might not know a thing about molecular gastronomy, but he knew how to make a proper dinner. He'd eaten from the meal deal section of the shop too often lately.
He went back to the hob, gathered up the hazelnuts, and toasted them in a dry pan. He didn't have a mortar and pestle on hand, so he crushed them rough with a spoon in a bowl. Then he got the chicken out of its marinade and seared each piece on both sides, adding the peppers he'd chopped and ignoring the ones he hadn't. He reheated the greens and plated the dish atop a scoop of store-bought hummous.
"Pardon?" John asked, but Sherlock was gone.
John shrugged at him, smiling, and Sherlock smiled back. It had been like this with Harry, once upon a time; just the two of them in their shared apartment after university, cooking together, comparing notes, making things up. Sure, he was following Sherlock's lead, but Sherlock trusted him to do it right, the way he expected, and that was comforting in a forgotten way. At Fifth Northumberland, he'd had to justify every decision, oversee every dish, supervise every move made by every chef in the place. That was again going to be his fate, but for now, with Sherlock humming to himself as he worked and the heat of the kitchen warming his blood, it was all right.
But really, John Watson was the Work.
. Lestrade even put a face on it, as if I could glean comfort from the sight of my dear friend, knowing that it is but a shell that houses a lie. I scorn it. It stays in this house with me as a guardian, an assistant, but it has made me a prisoner. I have to escape from it. I have to get out of here.
“So close,” I breathed. “I was about– they were just–”
"Blue suppresses the appetite," John countered. "Red will make people eat more."
He yanks the blankets down again so we can see one another. "I can be quiet!"
"Get on with it," he said.
"Anyway," Mary said. "Fancy a pudding?"
John nodded. "Starving. Curry?"
was at turns playful and electric. Smoking in the evening on either side of the fire had a layer of intimacy it hadn't before.
"Surely you do not propose to shave my private parts fully dressed," I complained, as he moved to kneel on the coverlet.
"Mr Holmes," he said, hoping he wasn't giving anything away too early.
"Even so," said I. "He evaded me easily. He wasn't limping."
He snorted and squirmed around until he wasn't lying directly in his own emission, which meant he was lying partially on top of me. "I suppose I did," he said.
Holmes's face was glowing with triumph. "Then it wasn't Blakeley. Watson! Who could it have been? We have the gang, but our man is not accounted for." He squeezed my hand and then let go, sinking back into his seat and tapping his fingertips against his lips. More quietly, he repeated, "Who could it have been?"
“I really am sorry,” I said, after a few moments, “if the interruption has cost you. I’ll cover it.”
"Oh?"
I didn't care where the cache had been found. The motivation of the criminals to torture and starve Sir George helped in the case, but I had rescued the man and that's what I had been brought in to do. "How very interesting," I said. "I suppose there's always something, eh Watson?"
Moriarty sneered. To Sherlock, he said, "How does it feel to scrape the bottom of the barrel to find someone who'll work with you?"
Lestrade finally leaves us alone with a promise that she will be back in the morning, and I approach Watson carefully where he stands by the window.
"Christ, what an infuriating man," Sherlock groused.
Hesitating, Sherlock took another big bite of his food and chewed with intention. John was content to wait. Finally Sherlock said, "A few years ago I... left London for a while. Went to the country."
In my head, I heard him say, “Holmes,” softly, like a breath of air, and I imagined his hand where mine was, his lips on mine. I imagined being pressed to the settee by the weight of his strong, lean body, and feeling him shake as he neared his peak, frigging himself roughly as he rocked back on my prick.
It made my blood sing in my veins, and I reached up to pull him down for another kiss. "I will," I promised.
"Nothing, Holmes," said I. "But surely you see something."
"Will you let me help you dress?" I asked.
"Let's get a few pictures of you," Sebastian said, hefting the camera as if they hadn't noticed it.
"No, stay," said he, shucking his trousers and folding them neatly. "I'll need help."
"You all right?" John asked, hovering in the serving aisle and staying out of the kitchen area proper.
I miss him so much.
"Why? You didn't know you were coming back then, did you?"
"How long's it been since your last drink, exactly?" Sherlock asked from the doorway. "Four hours? Five? Your hands are shaking worse than John's, and even from here I can see that you're sweating. John thinks you're in recovery, but you're really not trying as hard as you say you are."
"We can talk as we walk," Watson said. "Would that suit you?"
His eyes were dark and his lips were parted. "Not tight enough," he said.
"Well, we won't let it get completely out of hand," Lestrade said, "but you did us all a disservice sneaking off like that. Perhaps it is your
“He’s in holding,” Lestrade said, hurrying after me. I was still in the lead when we came banging into the lobby.
Sherlock did finish his waffle, right down to licking the jam off the paper wrapper. Then they parted ways, somewhat reluctantly; it was much closer for John to go home, now, rather than go back to Baker Street. It would have been ridiculous. Sherlock got into a cab and didn't look back. John took the Tube home.
John's expression was closing down; Sherlock knew this wasn't the best or the nicest thing he could be saying right now, but he had to say it.
“But you did.”
"I'm all right," he rasped. "I'm fine. Watson, if they have to send for the coroner, you'll know what killed me."
I don’t know what that means.
"But we will need a
“I’m fine,” I said. It even
That made John sit up, putting his laptop aside. "What? Do you? We can— I think we
His lips twitched. "I know, my dear," he said, and bent to kiss me.
"Ladies and gentlemen," John said, "thank you for all your hard work today and over the last few weeks. This may be the only time we are all here at once together, but I hope you have seen and will see enough of one another, and us, that it feels as though we're all a unit.
He smiled. "Sleep well," he said, somewhat self-consciously, and went back to his table.
A late night does not intimidate me. Holmes and I are often obliged to work late into the evening, sometimes past midnight, and the work is what we live for. It is the combination of a late night and the threat of an early morning that makes me uneasy. Too many of those in a row and my usefulness to Holmes decreases. I am no longer quick on the draw, and my marksmanship wavers. My powers of observation, already inferior to his, are diminished. My mood declines significantly.
"I went about as a longshoreman yesterday," he said.
"Braces are beyond half dressed," said I. "I insist that you remove them."
"It's very cold, Watson."
"He found these tumblers with rounded bottoms," Sarah said, taking one down. "We're going to make a gellified triple layer drink that we'll just pull out of the fridge when it gets ordered and pour the liquor over top of it. He's thinking of mango, peach, and ginger ale, all turned into gel. Then the liquor will be either vodka or gin, and it will start to break down the gel a bit. I've also ordered popping candy to make the drinks fizz."
He put his head back against the arm of the settee, breathing deeply through his nose as I rolled first one nipple between my fingers, then the other. His prick was fattening up between us, and it was almost as though I could feel his brain slowing, with something else very engaging to focus on.
The eyebrows went higher.
"Who's that?" Sherlock asked.
In the morning, there was a fresh towel on the toilet seat and a clean T-shirt on top of that. John picked it up, skeptical that any single piece of Sherlock's clothing would in any way fit him. But it was a men's medium and, judging by the state of the tag and the underarms, had never been worn.
"Oh, no, of course not," I sneered. "It was all part of the plan, was it? Getting thrashed? Getting arrested? Brilliant way to spend the night. You wouldn't have money for bail if it weren't for me."
He had kissed me back. That was important. He'd been surprised, but he'd been sober, and he'd kissed me back. He had embraced me and kissed me and the physical evidence of his desire for me had made my heart pound.
"So, you're not as bad as catering," John said, patting Sherlock on the back. "Take pride in that."
He didn't answer, but the tension in his body made me reach for my revolver. It was heavy in my hand, the chambers full and ready to fire. Holmes coiled like a spring beside me, and then I heard it: the sound of several pairs of hard-soled boots on stone, and the low murmur of voices. His hand clenched on my knee in excitement.
"Do you know her?" he asked.
His hand moves slowly up and down my belly, rubbing as if to calm and doing nothing of the sort. He slides it up to brush his fingers over my tightening nipple, and then down to caress the top of my thigh. I am wearing modern drawers under the night shirt: they are small and snug and my burgeoning erection feels trapped beneath the thick, soft fabric. There is a gap in the front of them where I can feel the tip of my cock peep out. I close my eyes, embarrassed at my own eagerness.
"I told you I'd be back," Sherlock said, defensive.
"Goat's cheese waffle," Sherlock said in an abrupt change of subject.
Watson's jaw tightened. "Oh."
Sherlock shrugged, looking embarrassed. "Eventually."
He blinked at me. His blacked eye was darkening and I had done nothing to take care of it.
" Sherlock groaned, but as he started to pull away, John hooked his heels around the backs of Sherlock's knees to keep him in place. He wrapped his arms around Sherlock's waist and nuzzled in against Sherlock's throat.
by now that we've been heard. How could we not be?
"Bloody hell, Sherlock," John said as he walked up, "where the hell have you been?"
Sherlock glared at him, hands on hips. They were stripped down to their shirts, sweating with the effort of moving the appliances around and arguing at the same time.
Sherlock snorted with laughter, an unexpected sound, and got up abruptly from the computer. "Soup's almost done," he said, and went back into the kitchen. John trailed after him and watched as he dug around in a low drawer, came up with a hand blender, and liquified the steaming soup. Then he got out a plastic syringe and a narrow rubber tube. He filled the syringe with soup and injected it slowly, carefully, into the tube. This he stuck in a bowl of ice water waiting in the sink.
"I'm not
"So you've heard of him?"
"Including a delusion about breakfast service. No, those arseholes can wait until lunch. We're not a diner."
"Right," Watson said. "Just let me finish up. The water's still hot enough."
"Fuck off, Johnny," she said, giving him a shove. There were no cameras on them, and she was getting all her swears out so they didn't have to push the show back to an after-nine slot. "They're taking for-fucking-ever, and I'm going to go mad if we have to wait any longer."
“Very well,” said I, disgruntled now that he had interrupted
“I— I wanted to apologise.”
My brother asked me about my case as we ate, to ease the way. I told him about the diplomat, his unusual and erratic behavior, and my suspicions about the company he was keeping. Then I had to tell him about infiltrating the club, eavesdropping and asking too many questions, and getting into a scuffle. That, of course, led to our dash from the police, at which Mycroft rolled his eyes hard enough to give himself a headache, and the final result: that I had kissed John Watson in public.
"Our restaurant," Sherlock repeated with a smile. "That
Sherlock pushed through the swinging door and raised a smug eyebrow at John through the window. John managed a smile and followed Mrs Hudson in.
John, keeping one hand braced on the wall, narrowed his eyes. "Did you plan this?"
"And what's that, exactly?" John asked. He rested his hands on the back of the chair, and the insides of his elbows almost brushed Sherlock's knees. "Gotten out of a couple of rotten jobs that didn't want you or your wild ideas? Taken up with a dashing, down-on-his-luck restaurateur who's going to make something of you?" He wanted to reach out and touch Sherlock's arm, brush his hair off his forehead, do something to soothe the look of sick displeasure from his face.
I should have expected, of course, that such sensitivity while naked would translate to a similar sensitivity while dressed. All day I could feel the texture of my drawers against my skin; my nerves were electrified. It was a boon that my last case was so recently completed, otherwise I doubted I'd be able to focus. I had worked through injury or illness before, but the temptation to
"Did you eat?"
Sherlock waved a hand. "Lestrade has wait staff. He'll bring his best over. Consider that sorted."
"I'm sorry I lost him," I said, when he had caught his breath again.
I spluttered at his frankness, but he wasn’t wrong. The Colonel was well known in certain circles for his exclusive and lavish parties, most of which ended in an elaborate trade of partners. I’d confirmed before we arrived that this week was not one when he’d intended to host such a party.
“Forgive my interruption,” he said, leaning back and spreading his arms along the back of the settee. “Please, continue as if I weren’t here.”
John raised an eyebrow.
"What did you add to the pot?" John asked, wiping his hands on a towel Sherlock offered him.
"His journals," the machine says. "The ones that were never published. They're in the museum, now, but their contents are not a matter of public knowledge. The personal journals."
“Watson! This is serious!”
"Now," John said, pulling away. His eyes were bright. "Are you all right?"
They all gave him a long, slow look. He had been expecting that. He gazed back at them, implacable, smile stuck in place and one eyebrow raised in polite query. Out of the corner of his eye, he could see John watching them.
I try to obey. “I’m— oh, John!” He has let go of himself to work me hard and fast.
It meant I had to let go of him, but we separated for the sake of nakedness, and in a moment our nightshirts were cast aside and I was pressed alongside the long, warm length of his body, my cock poking hard into his hip. This time when I took his prick in my hand, it was fully erect and dewy at the tip with moisture.
"I've missed you," he says instantly.
“Immensely,” he said, grinning. His eyes were closed. I kissed his mouth again, dipping my tongue between his lips, and then sat back on my heel. One of my legs was folded under me; the other hung off the front of the settee as I faced Holmes, draped over the arm. He had his long legs spread on either side of my hips, and the placket of his trousers was stretched tight over his cockstand.
The idea of becoming attached to a machine is abhorrent, but it is the strongest link I have to my old life. It sounds like Watson, and it moves like Watson, and it even jokes like Watson. Sometimes I catch myself calling it Watson, as Lestrade and Greyson do. It’s easy to slip; he was my companion for almost forty years.
"Right," John said again, and went upstairs.
“Don’t smirk like that, John Watson,” he chided, but I reached out for his wrist and tugged. He came easily, sinking down beside me. I pressed him back into the cushions and stretched out on top of him, as much as I could in the limited space. His legs cradled my hips, and my belly pressed against the soft bulge of his groin.
"No, he's—" John pulled away. He could hear the radio now. "He won't notice, he'll be too wrapped up—"
serve, I'm not going to be happy. Food's not my thing, John; liquor is."
fine. He looked around the flat, as if for evidence of the night before. There wasn't any, except for his coat still hanging up behind the door.
, and three dozen Scotland Yard employees, from the clerks to the Inspectors, were waiting for us with ridiculous grins on their faces.
He got up, changed out of the track bottoms he had indeed left— and intended to leave again— and back into the clothes he'd been wearing the day before. This was becoming a pattern. He went to the toilet, patted down his hair with wet fingers, and steeled himself at the top of the stairs.
"Shirt, vest, and socks, and then you may stop."
In the dark, visibility was reduced to almost nil; I could feel Holmes fidgeting beside me, but I could barely see him except for the pale suggestion of his bare hands. Our breath, steaming out in the cold, might have given us away on a clear night. Not so tonight. The waxing moon above us gave off a feeble glow, and my old war wound was aching deeply from the extended inactivity.
John put the chopped oregano into a medium-sized bowl along with a teaspoon of turmeric, a pinch each of sea salt and black pepper, and two tablespoons of oil. He mixed it with a fork and threw the chicken in, tossed it to coat the chicken, and let it alone to marinate.
While they worked, John stepped out of the kitchen and into the dining room, which was starting to come together. John's contractor had finished building the bar to Sherlock's specifications, and then brought in painters to paint the walls a light blue that Sherlock had selected, and overlay it with a silver wash. It made the whole space look larger and more elegant, and Sherlock had looked incredibly smug the entire day after the paint dried. It was, John admitted, a classy choice. They had reordered the furniture: black walnut tables and aluminium chairs which would tone down the opulence of the walls. Sherlock had also selected pendant lights for each table and under-counter lighting for the bar that would be installed next week. Things had begun to visibly mesh, and it made John breathe a little easier.
"I shall have to give you a trim," Watson murmured, producing a a pair of short scissors. Glancing at me for reassurance, he began to cut away the coarse curls. His hands were steady, and he trimmed me down to a short scruff in a minute or so. My prick looked enormous now, standing out stark and heavy from my naked groin.
“I’m afraid the laying of my claim will not wait so long,” I tell him, untying his tie.
"I won't be taking you up on that."
When I first met John Watson, I had just moved to Baker Street and he had been home from Afghanistan nearly six months. We'd both been evicted about the same time: I for a disagreement with my landlord about chemical experiments and he for a plain and simple lack of cash. My brother had picked up the pieces for me; his had not. I had been investigating a series of muggings that had taken place in Hyde Park over several weeks, each between the hours of ten at night and two in the morning, and each with a distinguished and wealthy victim who had no business being in the park.
"Holmes, I– I have an admission to make." I should have told him a week ago. There would never have been a good time to do it.
"I wish you'd let me help you," I said, turning to follow. Mrs Hudson had anticipated our late return: the fire was banked and the lights were turned low but not extinguished.
Sherlock's hands wandered, pressing against John's belly and hip, pushing his clothes aside; slipping in at the slit of his pants to cup and fondle his bollocks; wrapping two long fingers around the base of his cock and stroking while he sucked. John found himself spreading his legs wider, accommodating Sherlock's broad shoulders, and the stronger stance on the floor made him desperate to thrust. Sherlock felt it in the trembling of his hips, the way his buttocks had tightened, and nodded, giving John's hip a tug. John's breath exploded out of him, and he pushed against Sherlock's face, driving his cock deep. Sherlock went still, shoulders hunched and knees spread, holding onto John as John plunged in and out of his mouth.
"Good morning, gentlemen!" the landlady trilled. She set the tray down on the little table, pushing aside a scroll of paper tied with a ribbon, and uncovered the dishes. The smell of eggs, rashers, toast, and tomatoes and beans made my stomach give an alarming growl. "And what a beautiful morning it is, when love is in the air. Will you be requiring anything else this morning, or shall I leave you gentlemen alone for a while longer?" She didn't wink, but it was heavily implied.
Sherlock's mouth opened and closed. His lips were very pink.
Sherlock thanked the sommelier, showing her his list of scribbles, and led John out by the elbow. Greg and Molly were just behind. When they were once again in their coats and outside in the sharp February air, John had his face tipped up toward the sky. Rather than sober him up, the cold only highlighted how many wines he'd tried.
He snorted and picked up his coffee cup. "Sherlock, you and I are two of the most unsociable men in England. I have gone out of my way to stay that way, but you have managed to attach yourself to a person whose company you enjoy, who not only returns that sentiment, but who, in my unlearned opinion, practically worships you. I can't go anywhere without hearing your name, thanks to him. The hard work is already done; you have secured your future with him legally. If you want my suggestion, since you've come all the way here to eat my eggs and mope about, it is that you take the opportunity you have so neatly arranged for yourself, never mind how you arranged it, and secure that future with him
"Thank you," I said softly. "I— I still can't remember any of it, but you paint a promising picture. Even if we went about it in an arse-backwards sort of way, I trust our friendship can stand up to being married."
"Rubbish place," Sherlock put in. "Beneath you. Come on, Lestrade, I'll show you around."
, and I'm entitled to spend it any way I like."
"Gentle," he gasped, and I let up. Blood had begun to rise to the surface: speckled evidence beneath his skin. I never marked him where it would be seen above his collar, but I liked to leave them where he might spot them during his morning toilet. My prick twitched, encouraged by the imagining.
"That was Harry too," John said, and Jesus Christ, had he just interrupted Chef Bell? Not only was it rude, and bad form, and
The room was about thirty feet wide and sixty feet deep, and was completely empty, down to the bare hardwood floor. The staircase up to the upper level cut into the front part of the room. The wallpaper was peeling and half the lights in the ceiling didn't come on when Mrs Hudson flipped the switch. Any sunlight that might have warmed the room up was entirely blocked by the paper on the windows. It looked like a crypt.
Miraculously, Ella had a free slot, so he suffered through an hour of painful stretching and strengthening exercises. He hadn't been doing his roster of exercises at home, he realised, but she didn't scold him about it, and instead complimented the limberness of his shoulder.
“Am I not? I have absorbed his memories.”
Not having to leave the cozy domestic scene for the late-January air was another perk. Sherlock was right: it would save him the trip back.
"Oh," John said, his stomach sinking. "Did you."
“Well,” John said, “the only subjects I’m really concerned about are those that pertain directly to the restaurant, so unless it has to do with how many pounds of beef mince we need to vaporise or how much electricity the centrifuge is going to use, I’m not particularly interested.”
Mike invited him to the Criterion in Piccadilly. Although he was the head chef for some hipster grunge restaurant in Shoreditch whose primary draw was its nineteen kinds of fried chicken, Mike was a gourmand at heart, and nothing made him happier than a flank steak served in style. John, in his button-down and jeans, just barely cleared the bar in terms of dress code, and they were shown to a table near the back.
"I asked if they were enjoying their meal," Sherlock said, "and informed them that you are indispensable."
"How's your arm?" Mary asked abruptly.
Sherlock slowed down again, but John could feel the tension in him. He was restless, getting desperate, his thrusts a little erratic. John arched his back and looked over his shoulder. Sherlock's hair was wild and his face was flushed; sweat glittered in the hollow of his throat and in the crooks of his elbows. He licked his lips and flashed John a grin. "All right?"
“I have access to the local maps and walking guides,” the machine says. “I am connected to the Internet.”
"That's it, then," Bell had said. "You need your passion, John, but you can't let it control you. If something goes wrong, you fix it, you use your creativity and you solve that problem. Don't draw attention to yourself, John; let the food do that."
“All the same.” Sherlock clapped his hands. “Come on, then.” He strode past John and left him standing on the landing.
Given that my friend Colonel Hayter’s establishment was, as I have said, a bachelor one, it was no surprise to me that at a quarter past ten on the evening of April 26th, the door between Holmes’s bedroom and my own creaked open. I had spotted the connecting door the day before, and I was sure that the Colonel had prepared us these rooms intentionally, but I had not dared to hope to use it. The collapse of Holmes’s constitution in the wake of his case abroad had alarmed me, and I thought it best to give him space and time to rest. His ordeal in Lyons from which I (dare I say it?) had rescued him had made it clear that he had required quiet and solitude, even though it had pained me sorely to be apart from him for so long.
"And his gait?"
“No,” I say, opening the door, “for God’s sake, no.”
John was tipsy. The tomato soup had taken the edge off the wine a bit, but the alcohol had already entered his bloodstream. In the ambient, warm light from the flat's dispersed floor lamps, Sherlock was glowing, the halo of his curly hair disarranged around his head where he'd run his long hands through it. His cheeks were pink with wine and enthusiasm for his craft, and his lips were shining where he'd been licking them. The collar of his shirt was undone, his shirtsleeves rolled up, and John's heart kicked in his chest. He looked away.
I loosened my tie. The room felt too warm.
to the guy.
He poked me in the ribs with one finger, but at the same time he reached up to kiss me, so I forgave the jab. His hand closed in the fabric of my nightshirt as we kissed, holding me against him. We traded kisses slowly, warming each other up; his lips parted and his tongue touched mine, sending a spark of pleasure through me. He let go of my nightshirt to rub up and down my arm and back up over my shoulder, tucking his fingers into my loose collar and petting the bare top of my spine. I kissed him again and again, dipping deeper into his mouth every time. I listened to his breathing change, growing shallow. He sank his fingers into my hair and his fingertips on my scalp were heaven.
"Very observant of you," Sherlock said.
"He's not mental, he's— I don't know what he is, but he's really quite decent, and it's none of your business, actually, anymore."
Sotto Voce had all the hallmarks of a brand new success, and it made John's blood boil. He could go over there right now and show them a thing or two about how to run a kitchen, but what use did they have for a middle-aged chef with a tremor in his dominant hand? John couldn't even hold a knife steady. On a good day, he could cut open the package on an M&S ready-meal without endangering his fingertips.
Sherlock's mouth twitched. "My brother has control of the family estate," he said. "I sound so much like a boy on an allowance because that's exactly what I am. I have been spending it rather freely lately, which to Mycroft would indicate that I'm spending it frivolously."
I climb out into the cold pre-dawn and stare at the behemoth where my house used to stand. It’s all glass and concrete, with little blue lights visible inside in the dark. If a child were to peek out the window now, would they wonder at a strange man and a machine staring back? Does anyone wonder at such things anymore?
He was a risk to my self-imposed chastity; or rather, I wished he were a risk. So far he had kept me at arm's length, even though I thought my interest was plain enough. I wanted to risk myself for him. He was such a splendid specimen, and a pleasure to be around. He made me laugh, and since our first case together he had proven himself clever, capable, and excellent at taking direction. Of course he was; he had been in the army, after all. He could be the brawn of the operation, and I the brains, and we ought to rub along well together.
"Does he work for the government?"
I knew it. The dear man doesn’t know when he’s being flirted with. No wonder it took us fifteen years. “Two more minutes and he’d be suggesting you take him back to Baker Street to show him your original manuscripts.” I am practically vibrating.
We ate in relative silence; I made sure Watson's plate was filled if it ever came close to empty, and that he drank enough coffee to fortify a battalion. Under the table, I stretched out one leg and pressed my ankle against his. Shyly, I felt him press back.
"Mycroft was just leaving," Sherlock said, narrowing his eyes at the man. "Weren't you, Mycroft? John and I have a lot of work to do, and you're taking up a
"Sherlock, it's very late. Take the settee, I'll find you a blanket, and we will talk in the morning." Mycroft heaved himself out of his chair and went down the hall. I heard him rummaging, and then he came back with a heavy quilt and a pillow.
Sherlock let out a long breath and John heard him swallow.
"Watson," he said slowly, "I suppose I should congratulate you."
The machine sits down beside me, near the headstone, and rests its hand on the crooked top. "The journals stopped a few months before the end. I couldn't get any information on it."
My cock sprang up stiff and eager in my hand, and I stroked it slowly as I read; rather, I held my hand almost still and pushed my hips up into my grip, as if I were the one fucking the narrator. Or Watson. I wasn’t choosy in my fantasy.
He smiles, smugly pleased. He kisses my cheek. When I relax again, my head upon the pillow once more, he returns his attention to my stiff cock. A little manipulation of the drawers, and it pokes through the gap in the fabric, eager and twitching. Watson's touch is still so gentle, cautious of his own strength. He curls his fingers around my tool and gives it a slow stroke from root to tip. My back arches as the pleasure washes through me. My blood feels hot under my skin. I reach back and grasp whatever I can of him; he wears no clothes, so I find the smooth plane of his back and the divots of his hip joint. He makes a sound much like a purr and digs his teeth into the juncture of my neck and shoulder. I cry out, spreading my legs wider, pushing my cock into his grip.
"No, you’re right," I gasped, "I take it back." Six weeks we’d been apart, and I felt my body would take days to adjust to having him back.
"You could have stayed in the bloody kitchen," John snapped.
"Perhaps shaving my legs would make putting on ladies' stockings easier," I mused aloud, trying to follow the line of his thinking. Usually I was so good at it. "But I have no need for a disguise right now. I supposed shaving my underarms might be novel, but frankly agonising as the hair grew out again."
Holmes carded his fingers through my hair. "Your touch," he said, "perhaps your mouth, for starters."
"So," she said, for the benefit of the camera, "you've prepared for us a Middle-Eastern inspired dish of cous-cous and lamb with yoghurt and mint, using this week's surprise ingredient of pistachios as a crumbled topping for the lamb. What made you choose this avenue for the dish?"
"I thought you were all ours, now?"
"Er," said John.
"Oh, that won't be necessary," John said, shaking his head.  "I'm not—"
John nodded. Sherlock slid his other hand, a little tacky with drying lube, up John's side. His breathing was slow and deliberately steady. John felt the tickle of his hair against his thighs as Sherlock bottomed out. His nerves were singing with the mixed signals of alarm and pleasure.
I looked down at my plate, embarrassed.
"Why, then?"
That name was familiar. We'd interviewed him during the case, looking for his opinion on the local landowner who'd gone missing.
"I daresay the Colonel will be put out that we didn’t invite him," Holmes said, his hand sliding into my hair at the base of my skull, "but I’ve never been inclined to share."
When they had finished, he privately admitted that John was right. He had an eye for flow and efficiency that Sherlock didn’t possess. It was why he’d picked John, he reminded himself, and not just because he was the one who had turned up in the lab.
"Sherlock," John said, nudging Sherlock's head up with his shoulder.
amount of space."
I wondered. It wasn't as if we were in love. Holmes and I had a very deep and affectionate friendship, but marriage? It was a strange and unexpected step for us to take, even if the privilege had been granted to all as a result of Oscar Wilde's trial the year before. I had never considered Holmes in such a light, nor, I was sure, had he done so for me.
“That’s brilliant," John said.
I planted a palm on his back. “Stay.”
, I thought. "That… yes, it might." I paused. "I suppose you ought to call me Sherlock."
“I am programmed to investigate,” the machine says. “The stories I was given were only a part of the life John Watson lived. I knew there had to be more. A writer such as he rarely leaves an encounter undocumented. He wrote down everything.”
The growing back period was a kind of agony. I was itchy and embarrassed and the regular application of lotions and witch hazel could only do so much. I made Watson swear he'd never shave me again, not for love or money, and he only looked a little disappointed. I suspected it wouldn't be the only time I allowed myself to be bared completely for his (and my) amusement. I was right.
"Sure," John said, nudging Sherlock out of the way gently with a hand on his hip, only realising what he'd done when Sherlock shied away from the touch and turned his back on the reviewer.
"This one was nice," Molly said, pointing at the semillon Sherlock had circled three times. "Are you thinking for the oyster parfait?"
“Oh, what a shame,” I said. My prick was throbbing, and the pressure of the pillow on it was not helping me calm down. In fact, I was pressing it more firmly against my lap, sending little shocks of pleasure down my thighs. Watson was unfastening his collar and buttons, intending to take his shirt off right there in the sitting room.
"Move up," he says, hoarse from shouting. He swings his leg off and I haul myself up the bed. He sits back down astride my thighs and spits in his hand. His touch is hot and wet and my own excitement is enough to make his strokes smooth and fast. He bends over me, resting on his elbow, and kisses my sticky, salty mouth, his tongue plunging deep between my lips. He moans and I can't help but echo him. "Shh," he warns, smiling.
"I think it's going well," Hopkins said. "I've learned so much in the last month. I mean, I went to cooking school and everything— I was at Cordon Bleu, like you— but he's… well he's another level, isn't he?"
He put two fingers under my chin and kissed me to shut me up. “You’re irresistible,” he said, “and I’m a weak man. But now I’m ravenous and you’re awake and satisfied, so I insist that we go out.”
of good service," John said. "So that they actually get this amazing food on their tables."
John laughed. "What about the regular blokes?" he asked. "Got anything on draught back there?"
"I'm sure they're lovely. I bet they're proud."
"I never guess."
I don't want people to come for
God, how could I ever doubt him? The way he trembles, his little gasp of arousal at the rub of my fingers at his sac, the heady smell of his body here; they are mine. I treasure every detail, and he knows it.
"Was this not your method of expression?"
His hands clenched on the top of the walking stick, and I felt him shift his weight away from me. He took a deep breath and let it out again without saying anything.
John caved. The last trains from Baker Street were probably pulling away from their various platforms already, and he was knackered.
"May I?" he asked.
“I injected it,” Sherlock said. His fingers found the insides of his elbows. John had never seen his arms above the rolled-up cuff of his shirt; he wondered if he would be able to see the track marks, or if Sherlock had been a careful user.
"Oh, my dear fellow," said I, stroking his face.
Mrs Hudson knocked on the sitting room door, shortly after I'd closed it, to offer us breakfast. I accepted, asked for a basin of hot water and a cold compress, and turned back to Watson. He was standing in the middle of the sitting room, looking lost.
“No one but I,” Watson says. “And I know it very well.”
, but he didn't know about it yet. Sherlock had ordered all the coats together and just put that one aside. John might need it, but Sherlock didn't want to pressure him into wearing it. He'd come 'round eventually.
"Sounds like the conversation he had with me," John said. "Where do you work now?"
"The town's gotten bigger since you saw it last."
"Please don’t be infantile," the other man said. "I'm extending an olive branch, Sherlock; surely even you can see that. This venture is utterly misguided, and you're going to need me sooner than you think."
at Wincon in Las Vegas. It has been in the back of my mind since then, and has been half-written a few times. The approach of S4 finally compelled me to get off my ass and finish it.
“Enough.” John gave Sherlock a shake. “Your friend gave me a list for you, so why don’t you start at the top with the sparklings and I’ll come join you in a minute?”
Holmes had grown up in Kent, and read Chemistry at Cambridge. He had graduated at the top of his class at Ferrandi in Paris, despite repeated instances of disciplinary action and his refusal to adhere to the suggested course template. He was also suspected of being responsible for the retirement of two separate head chefs who had taught there at the time.
"Yeah," John agreed softly.
"Anytime," Greg said.
“No, in Piccadilly,” Lestrade said, glancing at me. “An altercation with a gentleman that drew the attention of a constable. The gentleman accused him of being a prostitute, while your man–”
“We’ve still got tomorrow,” John said, giving him a pat. “We’ll see who can come up with not-rubbish under pressure. We’ve got weeks yet. It’ll be fine.”
Well, thought I, if he were going to be gone all afternoon….
"It's amazing what a body can stand," I said, thinking of the state we'd found Sir George in. He'd been beaten and bound, starved and dehydrated, and nailed into his own coffin, and still he'd recognized our faces when we finally broke in upon him. They'd done him a favor by tying him up before they buried him, because he'd been spared his finger ends.
John kissed him, soft and shallow at first, his sweet, quick mouth opening Sherlock's up, and then once he had Sherlock where he wanted him the kiss turned deep and dirty. Sherlock's knees trembled. He had to hold onto John's arms. John pulled Sherlock to him by his bum, trapping Sherlock's erection between them. He broke the kiss again before Sherlock was ready, but this time he nudged Sherlock's chin up with the point of his nose and began kissing the underside of Sherlock's jaw.
I 'hmm'ed thoughtfully, although I had nothing to offer. Holmes, knowing that, moved on. He kept pausing, frowning, and looking around at the constables that still moved in and out of the warehouse. The door hadn't been propped open, and instead each person had to open and close it himself. People were opening the door as little as possible. As I stood and watched Holmes for a few minutes, I noticed that the crowd was thinning: more people going in, fewer coming out. Something wasn't sitting right. Holmes met my gaze, and I knew he was thinking the same thing.
"Come on." He grabbed my hands again and pulled me the opposite way down the street. We emerged onto Oxford Street and managed to flag down a cab, despite the hour. It was a closed four-wheeler, and as we got in Holmes pushed me into the corner of the seat and climbed into my lap.
" he said.
He fetched the ash tray from the mantle and brought it over, handing me the cigarette as he climbed back into bed. We shared it in comfortable silence, curled together under the quilts. I contemplated all the things that had changed between us. Two years ago I was alone, full of despair, and now he was at my side again, warm, alive, carnal, and apt to blush at my overt expressions of affection and admiration.
His expression softens. "I'm sorry. That is an inevitable result of my processes slowing."
Harry gave a little huff of irritation behind him. "Jesus, are they tearing Mack and Susan a new arsehole out there, or are they on their bloody knees sucking them both off?"
"Ghost light? You're thinking of a theatre." I was pushing myself to my feet and getting tangled in him.
They finished their meals, subdued.
"To be fair," John said, "I did do quite a lot of that.  It is
Sherlock glared. “And you, Miss Hooper,” he said, turning instead on Molly. John caught his arm before he could really get going.
“And,” he growls, “you are wrong to ever wonder at your claim on me.”
Now, under the stage lights, Bell frowned at John. "Well, what did you do?"
Our quarry fled into the warren of streets between the river and the London Docks, so we went in after him. I could just see the shape of him moving in the dark, the fog swirling as his body parted it.
"Ready for anything," I replied.
"Definitely on the agenda," Sherlock managed.
I snorted and reached my less-occupied hand out toward him. “Breakfast can wait.”
," Sherlock snarled, "from the
“I am doing just that,” said I, pressing my hips playfully against his backside.
"So good to meet you, Mr Watson," Jim Moriarty said, letting go of John's hand and taking a look around the unfinished dining room.
"You're right," John said softly, after a moment.
"I understand," he says, and takes my hand in his to press it to his lips. "I'll see if I can have one of the technicians adjust it so that my internal temperature stays consistent. I suppose they never considered a compudroid might become an intimate companion."
After Watson left, I couldn't say how long I slept, exactly. I drifted in and out of an aching, dehydrated daze, sometimes unconscious, sometimes in skull-pounding agony. I managed not to vomit, despite the Doctor's preparations for an inevitability, and instead kept down a little of the water he had poured for me. When I finally awoke, aching and unsteady but undeniably alive, my watch had stopped and the sun was almost at its zenith.
"Better." Sherlock kissed the bite mark and smoothed his slick hand up John's belly and over his hip. Still holding John close, he eased his hand between them, angling his own hips back to give himself room. His fingers slid over John's arsehole, teasing. The air was full of steam, but Sherlock's body was hotter, everywhere his skin came into contact with John's. His mouth on the back of John's shoulder burned.
"Did you hear that?" Holmes whispered, grasping my thigh.
“Oh,” said he, “is that so?”
"Hm," Sherlock said.
"Bullshit," John said, pulling away.
“Are you sure you don’t want to go straight to bed?” I asked. I wasn’t entirely certain rousing him to ardor was the most efficient use of our time.
"How much experience do you have with restaurant kitchens?" Cupcake bakeries, despite their popularity, were nothing like the high-intensity atmosphere John was anticipating.
"— unwanted or unwelcome partnership, well it simply won't— I apologise for last night, I shouldn't have—"
The restaurant was not much more than a counter and a couple of high tables with stools, so John ordered take away and urged Sherlock back outside once their hands were full. They walked back towards the river and found themselves on the bankside near the Globe. The pedestrians were few and far between, and paid John and Sherlock no mind as they leaned on the wall. It was warmer huddled close to Sherlock in his enormous coat, so John did, and they were pressed together from shoulder to elbow.
"Of course," said the woman, pausing before she added, "I wasn't sure whether you still lived at Baker Street, you see. You
"Do you still have the note?"
Watson. Eyes and ears everywhere
John swallowed at the mention of his name then looked to Miss Willows who smiled.
"Same to you, sir! Same to you."
"She has. Sung your praises all around the office for your superior care. It's a shame. I don't think she would have anticipated this. Almost cost her a promotion recently, but I'm sure you'll get to the bottom of it."
"You've been itching for this, Doctor Watson," said Mycroft. The annoying smile was back, the one which John had imagined wiping from his face for a long time. "Another case, a taste of the reckless life which was taken from you. Besides, I am very busy and while I wish I could help further..."
Instead of a familiar haunt Mycroft chose a different gentleman's club, one which oozed even more luxury from its walls. If Mycroft wanted to keep a low profile he was doing a piss-poor job of it. Having been escorted through wine-red corridors, the smell of whiskey and leather-bound books wafting through, John was shown into an ornately decorated room. Jade curtains were drawn, the only light coming from a large fire and the ornamental desk lamp. Mycroft did so love to set the mood and there he sat, in a chair with a towering back, King of the Castle.
"Lestrade can't do what you can."
"Lestrade can't do what you can."
"You misspelt 'categorically'." He gave her a soft, reassuring smile when she looked for her mistake. "Just there. Sorry, I'm sort of a grammar Nazi."
"New friends?"
"Oh, no," said Peter, laughing. "I'll leave her be for the evening. All she needs is you, I believe."
At least Lestrade didn't appear disappointed to be brought so little a case. In fact he looked pleased.
"Hello?"
"Why did you send me that note?" There was no reply to this. "The letter, why did you send it if you were only going to ring me afterwards?" Still silence. With no chance at all of dropping back to sleep John swung his legs over the side of the bed, glaring into the darkness. "What game are you trying to play?"
"Not if I can help it, no."
"You're here for Jane?" said the man. John nodded. Instead of his hand, the man held the flowers out for John to take. "Please give her these."
John tapped his pen on the desk, then began to type up his notes, not even watching what he was doing. His patient had gathered her coat, heading towards the door.
He paused as the gentle voice trembled over the phone. It most definitely wasn't Moran. "Yes?"
"Yes. Yep."
John Watson wasn't a 'they' anymore. Wasn't a 'we', an 'us', an anything. He was a doddery fool, sitting in the same armchair watching the same shit telly, ignoring the file which may have well have been on fire in the background for the hole it was burning in the back of his mind.
"On the contrary! He already found you. That makes you a
It wasn't until he stood, walking over to the cabinet that had a strange grey hat on top, that Miss Willows spoke.
"None." Mycroft was always honest. Too honest, sometimes. But the glimmer in his eyes was, at least, one of genuine concern. "That hasn't stopped you before. I doubt it will now."
John returned to the apartment which was no longer home. It was more his residence, the place he could sleep. For that reason it was more like a free hotel without the maids and room service. Mrs Hudson had taken to giving him space but he wasn't quite sure it was space that he wanted.
John wished it would take him longer to decide but he reached for the file within a few moments, tapping his hands against the cover. Mycroft simply oozed smugness.
John lifted his eyes to Lestrade who'd still been speaking to him. John had missed every word. "Sorry. Didn't get much sleep. What were you saying?"
It wasn't until Peter got near the exit doors that something, the very thing John had been bothered about for the last two minutes, clicked.
No matter his attempts at normal life he always found himself back here, surrounded by puppet masters who wanted him on their strings. He couldn't escape. An anonymous voice on the phone one minute, criminal mastermind the next. He'd bet money on the fact he couldn't take a crap without someone noticing and reporting it back to either Mycroft or an underworld lord.
Sod the phone calls, sod the consequences.
Miss Jane Willows was his last patient; 27, born in November, previous history of fainting and low blood pressure. In person she was brunette and quite attractive. Apparently that was all he was able to 'notice' at the moment. She was polite, anyway, as she nervously reached out to take his hand.
John glanced up at him, "Old friend," he said. He put the notes down on the table to reply.
"I'm afraid I was… very drunk."
Holmes and I would have to be a convincing couple, even more so than we were as a bachelor pair.
"What, fraternising with a co-worker? Bit hypocritical, I think," John said, and watched a flush of colour climb up Sherlock's throat. "No: he's not her boss, you are; they won't be working in the same area at the same time, so they won't get distracted; and, they're adults. I think we can trust them to act like it."
"Do you know I've been carrying that ring you're wearing since 1893?"
Sherlock’s eyes were narrowed; he knew he was being managed. Nevertheless, he snatched the list from John’s hands and stalked off towards the champagne table.
"Why do you care about that," Harry demanded, pulling away, "of all the damn things to care about?"
"Sherlock," John said, "while I appreciate that you have an eye for detail and a skill in observation, it is not actually necessary or appropriate for you to relate this kind of information about my employees to me."
John made a garbled noise of disbelief. "Wh— Leave? After all this? Why would I do that?"
, I thought, turning the pages.
"Because I'm pleased for them," John replied, "and a bit nosy, maybe, yes, okay, but not so far as to speculate about whether they've done the deed yet."
The six miles into town used to take most of an hour in Watson's car. Walking took three hours because of the hills, but already I can tell this journey will be shorter. The wild, windswept, grassy Downs that I knew have been consumed by urban development, and I'm walking on paved paths in residential neighborhoods. Where has nature been relegated to? Is there any left? I'm almost surprised they haven't colonised the ocean. Maybe someone has.
"UCL," he said, and crossed his arms. "Sorry, how—?"
"I promised to be patient," he said. "You told me off for not courting you, for springing it on you, and now you don't even remember–" He cut himself off, covering his mouth with one hand as if to keep the words from coming out.
He sighed and accepted my assistance replacing his braces and slipping on his waistcoat. When that was buttoned, I went around to the front again and smoothed my palms up his arms.
"Wait," he said, as if reading my mind, "John, I beg-- let me finish you, I want you to--" He was scrabbling at my head, first holding me in place so he could push his cock into my mouth, and then holding himself rigid and urging me to move. He didn’t finish the thought, and I could feel him growing closer and closer to his peak.
It was only in the quiet of the hospital hallway that John wondered why he'd chased after an ambulance speeding away one of his patients, one he didn't even know very well. He could have put it down to sentimentality. He'd been accused many times of caring too much, most occasions he'd argued against. Perhaps it wasn't too far from the truth. Caring gave him purpose. As guilty as it made him feel, having something other than his own problems to worry about was a welcome relief. No tugging on the strings, no shadows to be afraid of. Just doing his moral duty as a doctor and, according to the women Miss Willows had visited, the only personal contact in someone's life.
"Doctor Watson?"
Since it wasn't from Mycroft, John released his grip on the envelope then tore it open.
"So sorry to ring you but it's one of your patients, Jane Willows, she was with us for a meeting and she's collapsed. The ambulance is on its way but you were the only contact in her phone and - "
"I don't believe he was a fraud." She could have left it but John knew that look she had on her face. She had been invested in that blog, in the adventures of Holmes and Watson. Now she was near to someone she admired she could finally say what she had been expressing to others if only to assure him. "I know frauds, I work with them every day. Sherlock Holmes was a brilliant man."
Jane Willows, 27, brunette, born in November, patient of Doctor John Watson, strolled the London streets with a spring in her step. The day was bright, she had a month til her birthday and her friends were planning a surprise party for her at the local pub. Of course she hadn't let on that she knew but it was a nice feeling. She'd felt much better ever since Doctor Watson had diagnosed her.
John went quiet. Deathly quiet. His tormentor seemed to delight in it.
John turned to look at the file again. Fists clenched into balls of pure hatred but not for Mycroft. No. This time it was for just how predictable
"Do you know what happens to good people, Mr Watson?"
Nine months. John's new routine was wake up. Breathe. Get out of bed. Relieve himself, brush teeth, make sense of the ingredients left in the fridge. End up eating cereal and lukewarm tea because the kettle's on the brink. Sit in armchair and avoid looking at the one opposite. Put the news on and ignore everything they say. Get dressed, try to look normal. Turn the TV off and go to the surgery.
Whether Lestrade believed him or not he let it pass by without argument. John took the opportunity to leave, shaking Lestrade's hand again before he walked out, unescorted and unenthusiastic. He wouldn't say it had been a waste of time.... Actually yes, he would, it had probably been a complete waste of time and energy. He had half a mind to turn straight back around and get the note back off Lestrade then burn it in his fire. Change his number, finally get out of the flat, move closer to work, anything.
The nose crinkle was back and John couldn't help but smile. Eventually Mycroft conceded him a win and simply glanced at the floor. "I heard you received a few nuisance phone calls."
concerned, I don't suppose you live near Knightsbridge at all?"
"I would have come to you if you weren't so fond of theatrics," said John. "Didn't know whether to send up a flare or storm Silents Anonymous again." His annoyance slipped through in his tone but Mycroft was used to that, like water off a duck's back. A tall, rich duck.
"Don't worry," said Mycroft quietly, "we'll be keeping a close eye on this one."
There was an uncomfortable silence, one in which John tried to place his face. Nothing registered. How he wished he had a mind palace of his own. He didn't even have a mind-shed. Frustrated, John nevertheless attempted a smile and waved the flowers. "Well I'll pass on the message that you came by. I'm sure she'll appreciate it."
Lestrade's eyes narrowed. "Caller ID?"
"Thank you. Raise your head please?" Having retrieved the torch he'd wanted John shone it in front of the patient's eyes. "And follow the light."
"Withheld."
Anthea merely hummed and walked towards the car. John took it as a yes. It might have been a while since John had been not-really-requested to an audience with Mycroft, but the man's style hadn't changed.
Sherlock moaned and spun them so that John was under the spray again. It was a wonder they hadn't fallen down yet. As John ruffled his hand through his hair to get the shampoo out, Sherlock was fumbling around with his conditioner. It filled the room with the heavy scent that John still associated with the night Sherlock had gone to his knees in front of him.
John fought a smile. "You cannot get into a grudge match with a reviewer," he said.
He smiled. "The complement stands."
every night?"
He chewed his lower lip and then flashed me a not-entirely-convincing smile. Either he had very high hopes for this 'thread' or he had some kind of ulterior motive to get rid of me.
, had meant Sherlock wanted him too. Sherlock had too much going on in his mind, John decided. He'd been overworking himself, and wasn't terribly good with surprises. He'd be fine after a night's sleep. They both would.
He then cleaned me again, with a towel gone mostly cold, apologising for the rashness of such an action. He was blushing furiously. I carded my fingers through his hair and said, "My dear boy, your loss of composure is utterly flattering, and I welcome it."
Sherlock left after they'd finished the curry, taking his menu files with him. John couldn't very well offer him a place to sleep. In the morning, John rose at his usual hour, ate two pieces of toast with blackcurrant jam, showered, dressed, brushed his teeth, and stopped halfway out the door at Sherlock's text.
"Oh," John said, summing up the situation nicely.
I wasn’t immune either, and could feel blood thumping between my legs. I rocked my hips up, pushing our erections together; Holmes twitched, his back arching. He made an indistinct noise. He wasn’t a noisy lover, but he did show his appreciation for my efforts. I loved to draw small sounds of passion out of him. I rolled my hips again, relishing the friction; he moaned.
Mycroft blinked at me, and then settled back into his chair and crossed his arms over his ample belly. "That's rather inconvenient," said he. "I knew you were intoxicated, otherwise you'd have never gone through with it, but…. Oh, Sherlock."
"Thank God," said he, laughing. I let go of his hair and grabbed his buttock instead, feeling the flex of his muscles as he fucked me. He went down on his elbows again, covering me with his body, but rather than hide his face in my shoulder again he put his forehead to mine and watched me as I neared my peak. It served to hasten the process, and soon I was clutching his back and gasping as my cock stiffened in my hand. His breathing got heavy, his own crisis near, and I had to kiss him as mine finally took hold of me. It was a sloppy kiss, little more than a clash of open mouths, especially as the moment I began to spurt he too was wracked with a spasm and we came together in a chaos of writhing, groaning, hedonism.
Sherlock sighed as if he had been greatly put-upon and said, "I was getting our front-of-house manager."
"John," he whispered, and nothing more.
"Share the rent," Watson murmured, almost to himself. "Yes, well."
Everything. I stand in silence, still and uncertain.
"You can move," he said. His voice was shot. He curled his toes in the sheet and lifted his head.
"Mr Holmes, Dr Watson," a voice said behind me, and I twisted to look. It was Henry D'Arcy, the chief of the Ferrymore Bridge constabulary.
As they got into a cab, Sherlock turned his face to the sky. John watched his profile in the light of passing car headlamps. Sherlock blew out a transparent cloud of breath and looked down at John again.
"You are a saint," said he. "If you have errands to run, please feel free to do so. I think we will be occupied for a while."
"It is," John said. "We're pushing the open date up a week."
"I'm just going to, um," John said. "Do you want—?"
the night before, the timbre was right, and he blushed. Sherlock didn't notice. He leaned on John when John went to pour the coffee into two mugs, sliding his arms around John's waist.
"When I woke up, I thought we'd been very clever."
I stared at him, shocked, until I realised he was joking.
"Oh," said he, "I—"
John found he could look Sherlock in the eye after his private indiscretion, but it didn't stop him from having little flashbacks to the fantasy over the next week that sent heat down his spine. Sherlock had no idea. He went on dithering over which sous chefs they were going to hire as if everything was normal. He adjusted and readjusted the menu he was building, adding things that sounded uncharacteristically boring— mushroom omelet, pasta— but which turned out to be completely insane. The pasta was made with cocoa and would be served with sea urchin.
I looked down at myself, against my better judgement, knowing perfectly well that I was decent. "John--"
"Yes," he said.
"John," he groaned, sagging back, and soothed my abused scalp with gentle fingers. I pulled back carefully, swallowed, and wiped my mouth on my sleeve. It was his dressing gown I was wearing, anyway. He cradled my face and bent to kiss me, deep and reverent. He loves the taste of himself in my mouth. I moaned, cupping his ribs, squeezing his thigh.
Mycroft raised an eyebrow in a way that suggested but did not commit to innocence, and strode past John into the restaurant.
"Christ," John muttered.
"Good," Watson said, his voice dropping, "because your prick looks enormous."
"I don't even care what you have planned to pair it with, or if it sits in the back until we have to go through it ourselves."
John sighed to himself. “Should have seen it coming.”
I meant at
"You don't know why we got married."
The image of it— disgusting, wicked, inappropriate— has me groaning in surrender, clinging to his jacket sleeves.
"How do you know?"
"All right," John said, giving Sherlock a push away from the table and slipping down. He fixed his shirt. "Enough. Let's go. Are these surfaces clean enough to eat off?"
The thermometer was lying next to him on the table, within his own reach. John raised an eyebrow at Mike, but Mike just shrugged, his mouth pursed in a strange half-smirk. The man kept his eyes on the pipette's contents, clearly expecting to be obliged, and after a moment of silence John picked up the thermometer and offered it to him.
Sherlock hung up.
"Anyway," he said, "keep an eye on Hopkins."
"Well, John, I don't need an update every time we get another customer, so unless they've ordered you can keep the guest count to yourself."
Sherlock laughed again and leaned down so that his hands bracketed John's elbows and his elbows framed John's back. His hips moved in a slow circular grind, and John heard himself whimper. Sherlock lowered himself until his lips touched John's scarred shoulder. John was entirely surrounded by him: the smell and heat of his body, the strength of his arms and legs, the length of his cock. Sherlock pushed back up with a grunt, and the rhythm of his hips changed again to short, shallow thrusts. John let himself be buffeted by the motion, enjoying the lassitude of having already come, relishing the continued stimulation. The arousal hadn't gone away, and his cock was fattening up again between his thighs. Sherlock's breath was warm on his back.
fucking him."
But the affair with the Cunninghams had certainly revived him, despite what they’d put him through, and he had eaten well that evening at supper with the Colonel and Mr Acton. Perhaps the rest of his spirits had been restored. At once my heart was pounding with anticipation, and I sat up as he crossed the room to the side of my bed.
"My ribs hurt like the devil, and I have a splitting headache," he said.
Watson wasn't in any better of a state. He kept casting me heated looks, even when he thought I wasn't observing him, and would flush when I caught him. We went out for a long walk and a meal, in an attempt to stay the impulse to spend the afternoon in bed. By the time we returned to Baker Street I was on the edge of madness, and Watson had his hands in my trousers almost before the sitting room door was locked. We didn't achieve much that afternoon, nor late into the evening.
A moment later, Rhys Simmons, the host of
"That's brilliant!" Sherlock cried.
John rolled his eyes and took his hand back. Should his fingers be tingling like that? "We'll see about that," he said.
"We don't have to—" Watson began.
"Oh, certainly," he agreed, giving my hand a little squeeze. I felt it zip through my body like an electric shock. "The persistent sort can go days without water, although it isn't any fun."
"I know better than to use soap!" Sherlock cried.
As I ate, I tried to think on the night before, but my head hurt a great deal. I remembered sitting down to dinner with Holmes, in high spirits after the rescue of Sir George Duncan. The innkeeper had plied us with wine and brandy, in gratitude, and we had eaten well. Sir George and his wife Lady Harriet were toasted and celebrated, being beloved among the townspeople— or at least tolerated and appreciated for their efforts to to maintain the ancient family estate— and we were lauded for rescuing the young man from certain death.
"Which means his review is shite," John said.
I went after him, unsteady at first. My boots pounded the pavement and the blood began to sing in my veins. As I became warm, my muscles loosened and stretched, and my gait became even and strong. We had been on this trail for two weeks now, and now to have it hot beneath us was the best kind of reward.
"Anything you rejected as unsuitable for the dinner 'experience,' I put aside as an option. I've thrown in a few things of my own that I know you and the cooks can make, and Molly has been working on her own set of puddings."
"We can clean up."
Sherlock's father nodded sagely. "Well done, Sherlock."
God, we'd really done it.
* * *
“Oh, John,” I said, struggling to a sitting position. My nightshirt was wet and beginning to stick to my skin. “You should have said.”
"We're fine," John agreed.
The kitchen, though full, was generously sized and spotlessly clean. There were two prep tables in the middle, four sinks, a potwash machine, doors to the walk-in fridge and two freezers, and rows and rows of shelving ready to be filled with pots and pans, fruit and veg, spice and seasoning. The potential of it all made John's heart skip a beat. He'd missed a good mise en place, and now Sherlock was offering him a new one.
Lestrade went, and a moment later the clamour in the kitchen quieted. John peeled the rag away from Paul's hand and winced at the new flow of blood that welled up. The knife tip had caught Paul in the middle of his palm under his ring finger and sliced down towards his wrist. John could see the layer of fat under his skin that made up the meat of his palm. He swallowed hard against his gag reflex.
There was a clamour, and the smell of smoke filled John's nose.
Holmes was looking very grave. He was in his shirtsleeves and his hair had been disarranged by several hours of running his hands through it as he worked through the problem. The only light came from the lamp at his desk.
Watson says, “This is not the place to have this conversation.”
He roused, making an inquisitive noise and dragging his eyes open.
"She's fine," John said.
John took Sherlock by the elbow, removed the knife from his hand, and guided him to sit down in the office. "You are going to fall down dead," he said, "and then what will your line cooks think of you?"
“No,” John agreed, and risked reaching out to put a hand on Sherlock’s back. Sherlock flinched in surprise but didn’t pull away. “But it’s not what they’re used to. They’re not all rubbish. They’re just… sort of rubbish while they get the hang of it.”
He could hear the smile in John's voice when he said, "There, yeah?"
Sherlock let himself be pulled to his feet, and he followed John docilely into his bedroom. John liked Sherlock's bed better; it was bigger and the sheets were nicer, and occasionally it had Sherlock in it. He climbed in under the duvet and waited as Sherlock stripped down to his pants and made a detour into the bathroom to brush his teeth and pee. He lifted the edge of the duvet for Sherlock to slide in beside him. Sherlock cuddled up to him immediately, draping his long limbs over John's body.
"Can you do that?" John asked, distracted, which disrupted Sherlock's tirade so completely that he stopped dead and glared. "That's brilliant."
Of course, they did have business in the Park, which was, I suspected, why Inspector Lestrade had called upon me to take over the case. He was a sympathetic sort who looked past a man's proclivities and preferences in a bedmate. He knew the victims were visiting male prostitutes, but bringing me on separated him one degree from the truth of it. If I could identify and find the perpetrator, the opportunistic nature of the crimes might fade into the background.
She probably meant the case we'd been engaged to solve, but Holmes had probably forgotten all about that now. It wasn't a particularly interesting puzzle, I thought.
corset."
"Move?"
"Nor I you," John said.
They ate the curry on the floor, rather than the bed, and Sherlock made a series of unseemly noises as he dug into his vindaloo. John got over his personal embarrassment enough to tease him about it and demand if he was still so boring.
"We need to get moving," Sherlock said. "Moriarty was the first one in the door—"
"Yes," Sherlock said. It had evidently touched a nerve, and John regretted it at once.
"Morning," John said warily.
"Definitely the former," John said, as Sherlock pushed off and began to pace in a little loop that took him as far as the first refrigerator and back. "The latter probably not. Anyone will be able to tell it's a grudge piece, not a proper review. Anyway, we'll fill the place with reviewers when we open, and their praise will drown out the voice of one piece of petty nonsense."
When I returned, Holmes was sprawled in the space I had occupied, his arms stretched out and his face peaceful and still. As I approached, however, I spotted the barest twitch of his mouth that suggested he might not be so innocently asleep as he intended me to believe. I lifted the blankets carefully and put one knee down beside his hip, then the other down between his legs. I lowered myself atop him, tucking myself into the curve of his belly and side, ending up with my face in the crook of his neck and one hand up under his shoulder blade. He exhaled hard and started to giggle, his arms coming up to embrace me.
"John, stop, no," he begs, with such genuine despair that I do. His cock is bumping against my sternum, and I am lightheaded with wanting. Perhaps that is the heat.
"I had, actually," he said, putting his chin in his hands. "What's he done now?"
"We'd better go in," he said. His expression was stoic: his jaw tight and his head held high. I don't know what he expected to find; I certainly didn't know what to expect.
I swallow hard. "They cannot know about us," I protest. Do I prefer a cold bedmate or for it to be revealed that I have shared my bed with him at all?
John smirked at him. "Yes, Chef," he said, and went back into the dining room. Sherlock could hear him welcoming Mr and Dr Holmes, introducing himself, and basking in their excitement. The timbre of his mum's voice carried through the service window. He turned to Hopkins and Gregson.
Sherlock returned ten minutes later, pink-cheeked and smelling like cigarettes.
Sherlock took John's prick in hand again as he began to massage the tight muscle of John's hole, and John was trapped there between the dual pleasure. Sherlock rubbed his thumb over the tender, wet head of his dick, which made him jolt; so Sherlock did it again, and again, until he was practically vibrating. Then, just as it started to become too much, Sherlock went back to stroking him from root to tip in long, smooth strokes, drawing his foreskin away from his head and then surrounding it again. All the while, Sherlock's fingers worked against his hole, until finally Sherlock sank one in.
I'm to refrain, is that it?"
Sherlock slid closer and laid himself along John's side, easing his knee over John's thigh and his hand across John's belly. John was warm and damp and smelled good, fresh after the swirl of food smells in the kitchen. "Anything else I could rub for you, instead?"
is flirting with me.
"Stay here," he said, into John's scar.
I can feel the truth of it; his body is warmer than it was when I awoke. I snuggle back against him, turning my head to look over my shoulder. "I will have to accustom myself to your altered state."
His partner, MacDonald, caught John's eye and started to grin as if in commiseration. John stared at him, impassive, and the grin faded.
their contractors' licenses first? What the
When I came, it was abrupt and abundant, and afterwards Watson knelt over me, his tongue in my mouth, both our hands on his rampant prick. He spurted onto my belly and bare groin, and with no hair to protect me (or to dirty) I was quite thoroughly anointed.
"Why else, indeed?" John asked, sinking back onto his heels. Sherlock glared a him, but John could see the wariness behind the hostility. He truly had no idea. "She's not my type, Sherlock."
“Come up here,” he said, hoarse as if he’d been the one with a cock down his throat. I licked my lips, slick and salty, and leaned up. He pulled me into a kiss that lacked finesse, but it made up for it by bringing our pricks into alignment and grinding us together. He licked messily at my mouth, tasting himself on my lips, and slipped his hand between us to wrap his fingers around us both.
"Not particularly."
"And you don't remember anything you said to me?"
He kisses me again, jerking me hard and fast between our bodies. His other hand is in my hair again, holding me to be kissed. I grasp at his sides, my mouth open wide and hungry.
I got up from my desk and closed the sitting room door. I was unlikely to be interrupted; a client would ring, and I would hear my landlady on the stair. My cock was heavy between my legs, and I could tell I was blushing: alone in my own sitting home. Ridiculous. I took the book with me to the settee and sank down with my legs apart, pressing my palm to my groin. I was half-hard and quickly growing harder.
"—But he's turned the public's attention on us—"
"John," I said softly, and saw Watson jump, "we don't have to do it here. We could go back and… my brother will insist on Westminster, of course…"
"No," Holmes said unexpectedly. "Tomorrow will suffice. Watson, come."
Sherlock Holmes took a last drag on the cigarette, flicked it neatly into the grate, and tucked himself into the crook of my arm and shoulder. He lay his long arm across my middle; the hair on his chest tickled my ribcage. He pressed a kiss below my ear and sighed contentedly. The clock on the mantle in the sitting room whirred in preparation, and then its clear chime began to sound.
The cloth he brings back is damp from the wash basin and cold as ice, but I'd rather suffer now than risk riding the train home with the evidence of our tryst still upon my skin. Once we're both wiped down, Holmes discards the rag on the floor and draws the blankets back over us. We lay in silence, entwined, still unable to stop touching one another. Around us, the inn is quiet. A dog barks somewhere out in the village. No one is pounding on the door, demanding to know what's going on in here. It's a miracle.
Sheepishly, his cheeks flushing pink, he cupped his right breast and circled his thumb around his nipple. "Here was nice."
"We're so proud, Sherlock," she said, getting misty-eyed.
Lloyd jerked his head, and Hopkins came forward with the keys. He unlocked the door, and then Watson’s cuffs, and Watson stepped out of the cell. He was standing up very straight, his chin up, but he was limping. I took his arm and led him away from the cell door to a seat along the wall. He sat and I knelt at his feet, hoping to take a closer look at his injuries. He turned his face away, his jaw tense. His eyelashes sparkled with moisture.
"Well," Holmes said, "I
beneath the corset, as I feared it would. I didn't feel any
"And he returned this affection?" Mycroft asked.
"I'll give you the room," I said, bowing my head.
Sherlock snorted. "It was
"I'd really like to change my clothes first."
She left John alone, so John went after Sherlock. He spent an awful lot of time following around behind Sherlock, like he was being dragged by a particularly large and aggressive dog.
"I love you," he said again, his eyes shining with earnestness.
"Holmes!" I scold, barely detaching myself from his chest.
John already had his coat on, and he stood stupidly in the hallway for a few minutes, trying to figure out what to do.
"So did you want to get on with the interview, then?" he asked. "Or did you get what you came for?"
"Holmes" Watson said softly, and I opened my eyes to look at him. He was concentrating unnecessarily hard on my right mandible. "Is there anywhere else you'd…" He was blushing. "You'd like me to shave?"
"Damn you, Holmes," he said, and pulled me closer. I put my hands on his face, careful of his blackened eye. Which of us leaned forward first I couldn't say, but his lips against mine were soft and dry, and his moustache tickled the corner of my mouth. I pulled back a fraction to look into his eyes, and then kissed him again. His grip on my arms changed; he released my forearms and held my upper arms instead, which allowed me to slide my arms around his neck. He embraced me, his hands on my back. His tongue touched mine. I kissed him more deeply; he winced and I tasted blood.
Moriarty and Sebastian beat a quick retreat, with Lestrade at their heels like a guard dog. Sherlock growled in anger, and turned suddenly, sweeping the trays, the glass bowls, the oysters, and an entire knife block off the table. Everything hit the floor with a ringing, rattling crash, and John grabbed Sherlock by the back of the shirt.
In the cab, Holmes fell into a brown study, leaning back in the seat and staring unseeing into the fog that slowed our journey. As we passed through Holborn, he suddenly sat upright and turned to me.
Sherlock was beaming at him. "Give them to Gregson," he said, indicating Toni with a wave of his hand and not taking his eyes off John. "Then get two of the triangle plates down and do me two servings of the tomato soup noodles."
"Don't be sarcastic," Sherlock snapped.
"I trust you."
"Not at all," said I, waving his cigarette, which was mine now. "I just feel like a walk."
"Oh, no, I forgot to mention," Lestrade said, rolling his eyes. "Listen, Sherlock, you said bring anyone I wanted, and I want them leading my teams. They're the best. It's just for the opening week. If you hate them you can send them packing, but until then I need them. You're not going to serve the food yourself, are you?"
He laughed a breathless laugh. "Hold still," he said, and brushed his lips against mine, at the same time rubbing my cock head against his. It sent pleasure arcing through me. Our tips kissed, the shy heads bumping and rubbing. I could feel mine grow bold, the sheath pulling back. Watson broke the kiss to look down into the water between us, so I kissed the side of his face, his ear, the prickly hinge of his jaw. He huffed and put his other hand into the water.
A street urchin called Horatio appeared on the doorstep a little after seven, carrying a grubby note which read:
"Well, I don't think John's got much to do with that," Harry snorted, picking up her water glass. There was no wine on the table.
I began reading in a desultory fashion: for the story, of course. I wondered how salacious a book could get if it were sitting on a table out front and not tucked away in secret behind the counter.
Watson nodded, the picture of earnestness.
"They were ugly in person."
"So he came down to check on you?" John asked. "That's rather sweet."
Behind Sherlock, there was a little ripple of amusement from Hopkins, Gregson, and Molly. Sherlock controlled the impulse to bark at them and nodded once.
"Cobble," I said. "His shoes slapped on the stones."
I daresay, and said, 'we absolutely must give them a party'."
"You're doing fine," Sherlock muttered in his ear, sometime after nine o'clock. There was a lull in service, and John was wiping sweat off his face with a rag.
“Hmm,” I agreed, curling myself around his pillow and burying my face in it. I
John started, and he grabbed Sherlock's bicep with his other hand. "Beg pardon?" His indignation was tempered by the breathlessness of his voice.
His grip on me tightened. "But I can stand it a little while longer."
"Right," John said, and gave him a little swat on the hip. "I'm going to go unlock the door, and we're going to blow some minds tonight."
“Holmes, your face!”
like a lie.
He clambers out from under me and hurries across the room, bare arse pale in the moonlit room. He rifles for a moment, during which time I stretch out my limbs and shift my position. When he returns, he pauses at the sight of me on my back, halfway down the bed, knees bent and blankets pushed down to the foot. He narrows his eyes rather than ask what I'm about.
"I said, it's amazing what a body can stand!" I said again.
"Overall, we're looking for your ability to work together, whether you can keep a cool head under pressure, and how creative you can be in the face of unusual ingredients. You're all aware of the intentions of this restaurant: to create new, inventive dishes that defy expectations and sometimes gravity. So, think big, use anything you can find, and collaborate. I’ll give you your pairings for the first challenge."
John showed Jim and the photographer, Sebastian, around the kitchen, dodging the sous-chefs who were now opening and liquefying shellfish and cryo-freezing root vegetables. He pointed out the more unique equipment: the emulsifier, the homogenizer, the centrifuge and rotary evaporator Sherlock loved so much. He'd been talking solo for about ten minutes, explaining the uses of each machine as best he understood them, before he realised Sherlock had vanished. He should be here showing off for the reviewers, giving them more information than John ever could about his plans, but he was nowhere to be found.
“What?” I asked, affronted. I was here to rescue him. “Are you all right?”
"Sherlock," he said, "this is going to be a working kitchen, not your personal laboratory. I don't care what you want to do with the food, what you want to make, or how you want to make it, but it needs to
“I’m fine,” he lied. His left eye was swollen half shut, the bruising already dark around his orbit. He looked lopsided and dangerous. I could feel my heartbeat thumping in my throat.
He squeezed my elbow in gratitude, and then slipped away into the throng of people in the street.
"Oh, don't worry," Sherlock said, "a bottle of each of these goes in my collection upstairs."
"John!"
,” John said.
I manage a smile, throat tight.
Frowning slightly, Sherlock opened his mouth, closed it again, and then said, "I've got a pea stew in mind, with beetroot and ricotta. We can serve it after the chicken skin, but before the beef, as a palate cleanser."
