“She is pretty cute,” he allows, and he scratches a finger on the top of her tiny head. She stops squirming and instead straightens up, leaning her head up into his touch.
Then Cas is cradling the ice pack against Dean's face, one hand against the back of his neck as he gently holds the pack against his skin, and he slides his hand to tilt Dean's chin so he can see the other side of his face.
"Um, hi. Yeah, sorry." He clears his throat and opens his hand, has a full second to worry if it's weirdly sweaty as he starts to extend it, has another second to wonder if he could get away with wiping it on his pants at this point, and then it's all over because the guy is shaking his hand, still looking confused. "I'm Dean. Winchester. Over at Winchester Total Landscaping?"
“What?” he asks, self-conscious. Castiel covers Dean’s hand with his own, and he raises one shoulder in a half-shrug.
"So, uh, everything okay with you? Any--uh. Any things we should be on the lookout for? We've been scanning for signs of any new cases, but things seem pretty quiet over here. What's the news from the monster circuit?" He almost achieves a lightness, and he hears Garth inhale on the other end.
Cas opens the car door, but he turns back to Dean with a predatory smile. "Next time, I can really take my time."
"Fine," he grunts out, giving another squeeze before he leans back with a wry smile. "Just getting old. You gonna love me still when I'm too old to get on my knees and suck your dick?"
"We were gonna invite you over to breakfast at the Roadhouse, but it seems like you've got your hands full here," Bobby says finally, and Sam actually starts laughing, though he tries to stifle it against the back of his hand when he sees how pink Dean's ears have turned.
"If I knew you were gonna be here, I would've worn my tight jeans," he says with a big, near-flirtatious smile, and Gabriel's eyebrows lift. Dean can play along. That's the only way to win over the big brother type; he ought to know. He pulls the rag from his back pocket and wipes his hands, giving Gabriel his best stare-down.
He realizes this is an assumption that shouldn't bother him, but he's working on his own internal issues, and he's making baby steps with them, okay. Right now it still matters, but Sam doesn't really seem to think much of it, his attention on flipping through Dean's TV.
Dean looks away, back down at his hands and Castiel feels compelled to say, “Dean, it’s alright if you do. It doesn’t mean that you aren’t capable of getting your PhD if you decide you want to do something else. It doesn’t mean you’re a failure.”
"That's enough of that," he says, reaching behind Dean to return the hose to the sink. Dean had gripped the counter instinctually when Cas shoved him back against it, but now that he's, well, been pinned by Cas and is dealing with how that makes him feel, he brings a hand up to the lapel of his coat and runs the fabric through his fingers.
Cas looks up at Dean, in the doorway now, wiping off toothpaste with the back of his hand. Cas sits back on his heels, a fond look disappearing as he tilts his head at Dean.
easy in a way that relationships usually aren't for Dean because usually he only feigns easiness until he gets too antsy, too afraid of settling into something permanent, and he squirms away. This is real, though, and he blinks away his thoughts on the subject as Castiel draws a breath.
It's a good question that deserves a good answer, but Dean doesn't have any to give him. All he has is months and months of picturing Cas throwing this at his feet and disappearing before Dean could do anything with it. And--and, he tells himself, forcefully, he didn't want it. He didn't
Benny's eyebrows lift, half a question, and Dean half nods in response, and then Benny and Charlie are sharing conspiratorial grins.
He learns what being gay means when he’s eleven, and there’s a guy with the best eyebrows Dean’s ever seen on a dude behind one of the doors in an apartment building with a pretty serious ghost problem. It isn’t like he’s never heard of it, hasn’t seen it on TV when he’s looking after Sammy, but it doesn’t really mean anything, doesn’t really click, until Eyebrows is leaning an arm against the doorframe like it’s part of a stage, and his hip’s cocked out to the side, and he looks at John with a mixture of interest and impatience.
Cas blinks his confusion for a second or two, starts to voice it even, before he notices Dean grinning at him, and he starts to smile back, shy and happy and hungry now, too.
Dean takes another pull of his beer, drinking deep, tasting nothing. Sam is right; they don't have many people left anymore, though things seem stable, for now. Dean could start setting down roots, but listen, he's tired. He's set down too many roots only to have them torn up again, watched too many people die; no, he doesn't really want to start over. Dean is wrong, but he doesn't know if he can make it right. Finally, he grabs the Impala's keys.
made for this kind of gathering; too many people shoved into one place, talking over each other, with most of those conversations being awkward as hell. Dean fills his plate slowly, attempting to look busy so as to avoid any unnecessary conversation for the time being. Last time he was here, he wound up discussing various types of cheese with a chaired professor, and it's an experience he'd rather not repeat.
“You may stay,” he says, like he had to evaluate the situation, and he turns his placid look back to the TV. Dean’s eyebrow shoots up because he doesn’t really know what all that was about, and he shakes his head, turning back to his bag.
How much time did they waste? But he's counting chickens here, and -- isn't that what they have now? Time?
that he saw on Castiel’s face back with that stripper. It’d been funny then. Now he isn’t sure he enjoys being the cause of that utterly, terrifyingly clueless expression.
, that he hadn't really done any exploring of his own feelings. That's because, though, they're locked behind a door that he slammed shut years ago, when he was a teenager spending a rare three months in one place, in one school, and he made a friend with deep brown eyes and an awkward athleticism that led Dean to coach him on basketball moves until well after practice was over, and he needed to get home to Sam, or the motel they were calling home those days.
Okay?" Dean starts to argue, but she holds up a hand. "What else did he say? Come on, out with it, Winchester. I know you're holding back. It's all over your big, stupid, repressed face."
"I guess," Dean says on a long sigh, and there's silence between them before he turns to look at Castiel, eyebrow raised. "But it'd be a fucking tragedy if we let that stop us."
They laugh together, and Castiel's eyes are doing this kind of sparkly thing that Dean feels a little gay for recognizing, but hey -- he is the one going to grad school for literature. He's dealt with the
"I dunno, Sammy. What kind of question is that?" Dean, irritated, rolls his eyes and pushes away from the sink, pacing over to the counter, an explosion of nervous energy and adrenaline rushing through him, because a part of him knows what that question is. It's Sam moving on, it's Sam accepting, it's Sam just wondering how long he hasn't known his brother like he thought he did, and, because Dean never once imagined this moment would come, Dean doesn't know what to do with that feeling.
What's more important than tostones and questionably appropriate makeout sessions in my living room?
He walks Dean to the door, and they have another staring contest that feels almost like kissing, and then they
"You look good," he says, voice low, as Cas's hands come up to his waist. "When did we have to meet up with Claire?"
"Down, boy. No, it's not a problem. I'm just glad my gaydar's as accurate as ever." Jo flashes him another winning smile, and the other student in his year -- Chuck, kind of a mess, but fun after finals -- groans and scrubs his hand through his hair.
"Jerk," Sam says back, and the two of them smile at each other, and for the first time since he got here, Dean starts to think that maybe this peace thing isn't so hollow after all.
"In that case... Maybe we ought to speed things up a little, then." Castiel's eyes burn into Dean's, and he lines their bodies up, pressing in against Dean.
, because he can’t do this—this isn’t okay, and could never be okay, even though his whole body is thrumming and has been thrumming with eagerness for it.
"Well, what'd you think?" Sam has his arms crossed over his chest, and he's happy, but nervous too, a kid again hoping he'd done a good job, gotten Dean a good present, made him happy.
"That's not what this is, Cas. I know it's hard for you to believe me when I say that right now, but I'll prove it to you, Cas. I will." He sucks in a breath and bites his lip; he has to say these words, and he knows that he means them, but that doesn't make them any easier to say. "I -- I love you, Cas."
"Dean," Castiel whispers against his lips, and Dean's tempted to just ignore it when Castiel's hand grips his upper arm, and he draws back, eyes still on Castiel's mouth. "This is inappropriate." There's no conviction in his tone, but worry flares up in Dean anyway. He takes Castiel's wineglass and puts it with his own on the table before settling back, plastering his side against Castiel's. It's only half an accident.
"Cas..." Sam's disbelief is evident, and Castiel looks over at him, trying to evaluate his reaction. Perturbed, perhaps, but relieved. "I can't believe it. We didn't think it worked."
Dean snorts and starts a retort to the effect of, "I am not about to play twenty questions with you," when the humor trails out of his voice. Castiel very casually shuts the door to Dean's office and turns around with a mildly amused, mildly expectant expression.
Although Castiel has to get back to helping Hannah with her mission, he finds it difficult to want to leave the bunker. He hasn't spent much time here, comparatively, but it still feels like home, as close to a home as he'll get on Earth. He attributes that entirely to the Winchesters, two broken men living their broken lives but doing the best they can. He should leave when Sam returns, and he does go back out to the car, but it's only to invite Hannah inside. If she would have pressed him, he would've left, but she agrees that they can rest for the evening, stay with Dean and Sam, before their mission calls them away again.
He starts back for the Impala, gun still in his hand, his arm stinging. He knows he’s in for something when he doesn’t hear Sam start to come after him, and his shoulders are already squared from his standoff with Castiel. He’s ready for when Sam makes an unbelieving noise somewhere in his throat.
Okay, Dean admits it, that's a bit of a blow, even if he can barely even face his brother on the telephone right now. Holidays are kind of stupidly precious to him, if only because they're about family and connection and food and warmth, and he tried his damnedest to keep them that way for Sammy when they were growing up, shuffling from motel to motel, following their dad's drifting jobs.
Castiel still has the sling around his neck, but his arm isn't in it anymore; he took off the jacket, at least, but his shirt still has frilly sleeves, and none of it matches the intent in his eyes.
"Yeah, no worries." He offers Castiel a tentative smile and nods at the oven. "What's for breakfast anyway, Cas?"
“How about the animals?” Sam suggests, looking down at the map in their hands. They gave one to Castiel, but he just holds it loosely; Dean notices he’s looking at Dean’s though, and Dean imperceptibly turns it enough that he can see better.
"Shh. It's not," Dean mumbles against his hip, and then he hears Cas's phone hit the nightstand, feels his hand heavy on his back, sliding his fingers in a circle up and down his spine.
Dean holds up the mail and gives it a little shake. "Got some stuff for you. Probably won't be the last time."
There are a few weeks left in the semester, but Dean doesn’t care about that; exams and papers and diplomas are pretty fucking meaningless in his world of credit card scams and wendigos, so it’s easy to tell Sam that he’s leaving—he’s just fucking leaving—and Sam can either ride out the rest of the semester or stay with Carly. Their dad will be pissed, but he’ll tell Dean where he is, or Dean can go to Bobby’s, but he can’t stay here—not a second longer.
This time, Sam frowns. “Are you saying it’s not okay?” There’s a threat in Sam’s voice that Dean definitely notices.
"You, uh. Probably don't need to sleep, huh? You know, you could go do the... whatever," he finds himself saying, even though he doesn't mean a single word of it. He kind of hates himself for it, really, and remembers pushing Cas away before Cas had a chance to leave him on his own. "Let me get a few winks in. I'll see you... soon? I guess?"
“Is this step complete?” Castiel grinds out, his hands twisting in the sheets as his head tilts back, exposing the line of that throat that Dean hasn’t quite been able to stop worshipping. “I—Dean—
. They leap apart and Dean swipes a sleeve over his mouth as he shares a guilty look with Castiel. It's
It's true: right around when Dean was having his breakdown over grad school and debating if he wanted to go back to being a mechanic, he had a regular flavor breakdown, and with Cas and Sam urging him, he went to therapy. Dean was suspicious of Missouri at first, but her warmth was too enticing, too much for his fragile state of mind, and she teased out every dark insecurity that Dean had ever tried to bury away. When Dean expressed his doubts about medicine, Missouri encouraged him to try. Dean was actually annoyed at how well it went (after his third prescription change). But then he found he had less and less room to be annoyed.
"Unexpected," Cas settles on, looking at Dean again. "I never thought..." He frowns, his hand stopping over his shoulder, and Dean feels himself start to lose his balance, start to fall.
"You are, like, the embodiment of sex right now," he says, and Castiel makes an impatient noise again, biting Dean's shoulder.
"You sure you wanna shut yourself in with a Jesus nut for the Holy Son's birthday?" he asks, concerned, and Dean lets out a preliminary breath of relief.
“I’m not that hungry.” And then he opens the door and shuts it behind him. Sam pulls a concerned frown at Dean.
"It's smart," is Dean's curt reply, but he does try not to scowl at Castiel as he sits down at one of the computers and logs in so he can pull up the answer key for tomorrow's auditory quiz. It's hard to think, though, between the way Jo sounded when she said
Someone walks into the office, and he looks up, expecting it to be one of his officemates, but Castiel stands there instead, a little awkward in his eagerness,  and his eyes flick from the student back to Dean's face. The way he adjusts his grip on his briefcase and shuffles the weight on his feet smacks of disappointment and Dean's stomach (and maybe other things) constrict at the thought of what Castiel might've done had Dean been alone.
They're nearly whispering now, but with how loud the room is, that means they're also half lip-reading, and Castiel gets shuffled closer to him as someone tries to get behind him to reach her purse by the wall.
way to slide into this conversation, but it's one that won't require Dean actually saying anything, so it's the best plan he could've come up with, in his book.
," he manages, starting slow and increasing in urgency, and then he's tensing, his hand tugging at Cas's hair, and on his thigh is Cas's hand, gently squeezing back.
"Oh." Dean frowns, glancing over at his wall. "Do you need to," he gestures vaguely, "deal with that?"
Dean's deciding factor is that Castiel's eyes are on Dean's lips, and if they're both thinking about kissing each other, then any time spent not kissing each other is a waste. Just as Dean starts to lean in, Castiel gives a sharp little inhale of breath, and it plays over on repeat in Dean's mind when he presses their mouths together in a slow kiss that doesn't involve any tongue but somehow manages to avoid being chaste.
Finally the bell rings, and Dean waits long enough for the kids to get out of his room before he tugs his mask off one ear, refreshes the news again, and then aimlessly clicks around the school websites. Google Classroom, the gradebook, his email. He really should do something with one of these tabs, but it's a Friday afternoon, and besides, he really doesn't care. Yeah, he has grades he needs to put in, but at this point, they're three weeks late so what's a few more days?
For such a tender sentiment, Castiel really grinds it out, his voice heavy with frustration and borderline anger. He knows what Castiel means. It isn’t about Sam, it isn’t about the apocalypse or anything else; it’s about Dean, waking up in the morning, every morning, because Castiel can’t fix him, not now.
"Okay, no problem," he says, voice smooth and reassuring, as he drags his hand up Cas's side. "But are you sure?" Cas's eyes open, questioning. "'Cause it's also not a problem if you, you know. Want me to do that some more."
"I parked nearby," Castiel starts, but Dean cuts him off with a raised hand, and he finally looks over his shoulder, a dark glint to his eyes. He was going to say something, but the words drift off at the sight of Castiel looking small in the dim early evening light, his shoulders rounded off and hurt, with confusion dulling the usual bright, piercing blue of his eyes. His silence seems to be answer enough to Castiel, whose lips draw together in a firmer line, and Dean heads for the bus stop. He keeps his eyes trained ahead this time, ignoring Castiel behind him.
"I can see that you are going to be aggravating." It's warm, fond, so Dean isn't too affronted, and anyway, Castiel's sliding into his lap, straddling his waist, and it's Dean's turn to have his mouth more or less fucked by Castiel's tongue. He squeezes Castiel's waist, slides his fingertips underneath the fabric of his shirt, and there's
His office is quiet thanks to the kid making up a test, and he tries to look busy -- not that he doesn't have a reason to be busy because he does, but he just always feels the pressure to look professory when he's hanging around a student. He scrolls through the comps notes that have been filtering around the department for God knows how long to bone up on the text he should've read for today but didn't.
Sam chooses Carly and sulks in his room for three hours, before he comes out with his bag packed and something like annoyed apology in his eyes.
"I know," he cuts in, because he does; he knows it really well, hates that it's the way he works, but there's really nothing he can do for it. He takes Castiel's hand, is pleased when Castiel lets him. "Just let me figure out how to tell him. I'm not going to give up on us." He considers adding "again" but doesn't think he can force out any more of his emotions into words. Castiel is still for a moment, but then he squeezes Dean's hand and picks up the remote.
Somewhere between Cas telling Dean that he wasn't driven by anger and hate, and Dean needing to confront a hate that'd been instilled in him early on, ground into the very fiber of his being, Dean had forgotten about the love part. The part where Cas told Dean that he was selflessly loving, the part where Cas told Dean that he loved him; the part where Dean knows his brother loves him and not much is going to change that, not after all the shit they've been through and every actually reprehensible thing Dean's ever done.
"You mean in the context of BDSM?" he asks, head tilted, lips still quirked, and Dean feels himself turn the slightest bit redder as he nods. "I suppose. I wouldn't say that particular feeling is exclusive to that, though. Have you been with someone that you trusted enough to completely let go?"
He and Castiel are close, his hand still on Castiel’s back, and he looks into Dean’s face with the kind of hesitation that he remembers seeing there even before he was mojo-less; it’s a nice relief, to see Castiel being a little like the one he remembers, and not this hangdog wet blanket.
“Yeah,” Jesse tells him.  “I come this way for work, I can drop you off in the morning, or if you need to head out beforehand, I can get you an uber or something.”
“I…I’d wondered.  Hoped.”  Cas meets his gaze for a long moment, wearing a small smile.  “You’re very good to me.  Thank you.”
“Wonderful!  Come by Friday evening then, won’t you?  You still have the key?  Good, good.  I’ll leave instructions on the island and I’ll be back Sunday, but it might just be easier if you stay over Sunday night, as well.  I don’t know when I’ll be in.”
“I do, I really do…”  He swallows.  “Cas, I...can I...touch you?  To thank you?”  He runs his thumb nervously along his lip.
Sam smacks him on the shoulder.  “I feel your pain, buddy,” he says, falling back.  “I always hated road trips. They were more Dean’s thing.”
He shakes his head.  Sam keeps telling him to find another place, or buy something, but Dean’s still waiting for that right house in the right price range in the right neighborhood with a little bit of land...and it’s not looking like that’s going to happen anytime soon.  The market is up, sure, and that’s great for commissions, but it also seriously limits his purchase options.
Sam smiles up at Cas as Dean moves behind him again and starts to move, sliding against Sam in a lewd display, and Cas can’t look away.
“All right, then,” Dean resolves.  “I’ll do it.  Live it up, see if we can’t get you beamed up, eh, Scotty?”  He chuckles and then laughs out loud when Cas looks at him quizzically.
“Attractive?  Yeah,” and they’ve flirted before but in person, Dean finds himself unexpectedly bashful.  “Sexiest lightform in three galaxies.”
The morning is bright and everything feels strangely normal in the kitchen.  Coffee machine percolating softly as birds chirp outside.  The smell of that Columbian blend that Anna and Gabe roast at the coffee shop down the street.  It feels like his life.  Same as yesterday morning, the morning before that.
They move into the living room — Cas reassures him Rowena doesn’t have any particularly precious things there that might zap him if he gets too close — and Dean sits gingerly on Rowena’s red velvet couch.
Cas sighs.  “She thought I knew something, or she could use my ‘ghostly energy’...honestly, I’m not entirely sure.  She just doesn’t seem to have accepted that he’s gone.  It’s obviously hard to have lost someone—I watched my family mourn me, and then I mourned them in turn.  I imagine it’s even harder when you lose a child while you live.  Apparently she didn’t have a good relationship with him, and she wanted to talk it through him.  I think she just wants closure.  Unfortunately, there’s not much I can do for her.”  He shrugs, looking out the window.  “You’d think I’d remember, being a ghost and all, that nothing is guaranteed.  That you only have one life to live—as far as I can tell, anyway—and you really do need to make the best of it.  You can’t wait.  You can’t just...hope.”  He looks over, fixing Dean with bright eyes.  “You have to go out there and get what you want from life.  Because you never know how long you have.”
“It’s fine,” Cas says, glancing around the kitchen like he’s planning.  “What style is the house?  Do you have furniture?  When is her birthday?”
“It’s okay.”  He pulls Dean closer, heart aching. “Dean, whatever you need - from him, from me - it’s okay.”
“Oh, no, no, nothing like that!  Just tiny, basic things. I have shelves to put up in the guest room, shouldn’t take you but a moment, I’d think.  Maybe you could come back tonight?  I have all the bits and bobs, it’s just a matter of putting them up.”  She looks up through her long eyelashes, batting them expectantly.
Sam touches his shoulder and Dean moves forward and then Sam yanks him in and buries his face low in Dean’s neck.  Dean’s head turns into his chest, and it’s crystal clear that they’re brothers but so much more.
Cas looks up at him, a wide smile on his face, eyelids at half-mast.  It’s the happiest Dean has ever seen him.
“Thanks,” Dean says, looking at Cas a little too long.  He clears his throat.  “So, you gonna let me know how you want these shelves?”
He turns back to watch Cas and then lets himself fall backward.  “This is amazing,” he says, and Cas hovers above him, tentacles twisting in the air like he’s not quite sure what to do.
So, when Dean calls Jo at the Roadhouse and orders a black and bleu burger, garlic fries, a bourbon steak and sweet potato parmesan fries, he’s just thinking about having an easy dinner and then some leftovers for lunch.
Cas reaches toward him and then draws back.  “I know.  It would be very enjoyable to see you again, Dean.  I know you must be very busy.  Work, and Sam and his family, all your friends. But I am eternally grateful for all the time you’ve been able to share with me.  It’s really felt…”  He trails off.  “It’s been very nice, Dean.  Whatever happens, however often you can stop by will be appreciated.  Truly.”
“Dude!” Dean is horrified. “I wouldn’t do that to a kid!  Jesus!”  He huffs and takes a drink. “I save that shit for you.”  He grins slyly and Sam rolls his eyes.
Cas’s shoulders fall.  “That’s wonderful news, Dean, thank you.  It’s really the best I could have hoped for.”
Dean is grinning, he can’t stop.  “You remembered exactly right.  Cas, this is all...you’re amazing.”
, can he?  He doesn’t know anything about how life was when Cas was alive, what it was like with his family...  What can he possibly say?
Dean moves around to Cas’s side, and he’s doing the same, stroking himself fast, breathing hard.  He reaches out to touch Cas’s ribs as he works his hand, slick and loud in the quiet room.
He’s been trying not to think about it lately, how something like this, like Sam, could tip Dean over again.  Something like this could make a drink seem like an easy way to take the edge off.  But he trusts Dean.  He has to.
Cas raises his hand briefly, like he wants to touch Dean, and then he lowers it.  “Dean.  That’s very kind.  I…” he sighs.  “I know I don’t really have a right to ask anything of you.  Or the next family.  It’s just...I’ve been here so long, it’s hard for me to let go.”
“I love—those dorky finger quotes, buddy.  So, on a scale of one to ten, how weird is this gonna be?”
It's looking like Rowena and Cas might be having some important conversations.  They wouldn't directly be part of this story, but they would tie in and fill in some gaps, potentially.  Would you be interested in reading those?  What would be preferable?  I could post them here as 'Interlude' chapters, or I could post them as a separate fic and just link them in.  I look forward to your thoughts!
.  He’s obviously involved in his family’s life — as much as he can be, being dead and all.  He’s certainly doing a better job than John Winchester, alive and probably well, not that Dean would know, two states away and happy to be there with family number two.
Cas shrugs. “I don’t know what else to think.  My wife passed on, here.  My daughter.  Two of my grandchildren.  And this hasn’t turned into a family affair.  What else could it be?  Why else would I be trapped here?”
Sorry this week's chapter is so late!  I'm still planning to post weekly at least for November, hopefully back to Mondays after this! I have to determine what fits best in what chapters at the moment.  Some more challenging chapters coming up, but I promise it'll all be all right!
He grits his teeth and dives back into conversation—how did Jesse and Charlie meet, how long has he been in the area, what does he like to do?
Dean swallows.  Why does this all have to be so damn hard?  “So,” he says, changing the subject, “What did Rowena leave me for dinner?”
Dean flushes.  “I mean, look.  I might’ve gotten a little carried away, but I wanted to have options.  Sue me.”
Cas growls low under his breath.  “You don’t want me to touch you?”  His hand slides lower on Dean’s chest, over his shirt but with clear R-rated intent.
It’s not that Cas doubts it.  Not really.  But he’d needed this.  How does Dean always know when he really
Cas fills his mouth, careful not to push too far, and Dean moans around him, licking over and between those wriggling tendrils.
Cas nods, finishing his cup of coffee and feeling suddenly refreshed.  “Organized crime. That’s the mob. Shit.”  He shakes his head.  “All right, walk me through it.”
it’s incredible.  Crisp fried texture on the outside and pink on the inside, just the right amount of give in Dean’s mouth.  Dean is completely overwhelmed with the tiny details Cas has thought of to make him feel at home.
It’s been two weeks of preparation followed by two very, very long days on the road. When Cas opens the hotel room door, Dean and Sam crowding in behind him he sees...one very large bed.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas greets as Dean staggers in with the bags of food he picked up at the grocery store.
It’s maybe half a second before their mouths find each other, and it’s way different; it’s hungry and searching and unrelenting,
They find their way to Patrick’s bed a few more times, only occasionally, and only when Dean hangs around until closing time. It’s unspoken that this isn’t meant to be anything more than friendship and sex, and that makes it palatable for Dean.
"They do," Castiel says quietly, once she's turned the corner, and their eyes meet one more time before they're interrupted by, of all things, one of his students.
"Of course, it's dangerous to affect the blood supply to the brain. That's why it's important to establish boundaries first, and why I prefer to make sure my partner can still vocalize a response."
"All the more reason you should go. You're very tempting. You might drive a person to sin." The playful humor chases away some of Castiel's hesitation, which Dean's glad for. That's endearing, but he prefers Castiel like this, sparkling with wit and confidence.
"No." Castiel's weight shuffles on his feet, and his eyes slide to Dean, settle heavily on him. "No, I'm not."
"Golden Age," Dean answers because it's always good to have an answer to that question when asked, because people want to know that you're being responsible and all that, but Dean's progress is slow going. SPAN 2010 is a bit of a bitch with all its grading, and anyway, thinking about comps makes him want to puke, just a little.
"Did we just have sex? Yeah? Cool it, then," he gripes, and Cas rolls his eyes as Dean starts texting Charlie back.
"No. You don't want me to. Things like pain are easy to see without trying, and lying--well, I know you well enough."
And so Dean has a definitely-not-a-date-thing with Castiel because it isn't like either of them had any time to get like, excited for it, and Dean hasn't showered since this morning, since he's been here all day, teaching and going to class and futzing around his pointless office hours. Castiel still smells vaguely of aftershave, but only if Dean gets too close, which he only does by accident when the bus jostles them closer together.
"Did anything change?" he blurts, and Cas tilts his head at him. "Like--once you powered back up. Did you notice anything... different? Anything stick around?"
Cas isn't much of a dancer except for when Dean groans and rolls his eyes; then he suddenly wants to keep Dean on the dance floor while he bounces around to "Wannabe."
), and he hasn't really felt right bringing it up in front of the kids, mostly because that would be weird. They've opened that door a few times -- the occasional wiseass kid asking a personal question to distract him from time to time; that one class that comes along every now and then where there's just good vibes and a sense of community -- but Dean always shuts it down. Which means if he turns up wearing a ring, there might be questions, ones that he isn't prepared for.
"Why? Would it be a problem if I was?" he says, his voice laced with warning that's only thinly veiling his insecurity, and Jo laughs, her head tipping back.
“I don’t care about that. I care about you. Where’s this all coming from? I know you’ve been stressed lately by your workload, but I know you know that you’re more than able to get through it.”
is the moment he's going to wake up. But Cas finishes cleaning himself with the napkins and turns to Dean, and Dean watches as he methodically cleans him up, even helping Dean back into his pants.
It's hard to keep it up while he's helping Bobby cook, but he manages it between mashing potatoes and ripping loaves of bread into tiny little bits for Bobby's stuffing of ultimate goodness. Really, it's been fun watching Bobby's annoyance slowly notch higher with each text Dean's gotten and sent back. He's pretty sure the moment almost comes when his phone buzzes on the table while Dean pulls the bird out of the oven and looks over his shoulder, just to make sure that it's Castiel.
It's kind of unspeakably amazing to pin Castiel to his bed, his bed which admittedly hasn't seen a whole lot of action since he came here, but then Castiel flips him over, holds Dean's hips tight, and scrapes his teeth along his shoulder, and Dean's pretty sure everything about this night from here on out is going to be unspeakably amazing.
. He knows Sammy, and if he stopped and let himself think about it, if he really let it all in, then he'd know exactly how Sam would handle it all. The trouble is, Dean can't let himself think about it. That isn't his life; it
With Castiel against him like an extra blanket, Dean falls asleep easily, lulled away by the rustling of covers and steady rhythm of two bodies relaxing into each other. He sleeps hard, too, until his phone buzzes sometime in the morning, and he stirs because he always does when his phone buzzes, because it might be Sam, or Bobby. He has to wriggle to the edge of the bed and strain, but he grabs his pants and the phone from his pocket. He's surprised to see that it's already almost eleven.
"Again? Dean." Sam's judgment rolls in waves, and Dean lets his shaky breath be masked by the sound of the faucet. "He's not okay. You just let him leave?"
"I see." Suddenly, Castiel is beside him, but he's looking at the options, his eyes moving quickly. "'Up' in what way? Sensation? Size?" He lifts an eyebrow at Dean. "Both?"
Dean stops and turns, holding a finger up. "Never say that to me again. You almost lost burger privileges."
The look on the brother's face is damn near perverse as he turns a knowing grin on Castiel. "Definitely a trade up,
Dean's sure he can hear Sam swearing under his breath as he storms out of the kitchen, and Dean stares down at his reflection in the phone screen.
At least he won't have to worry about walking home with a hard-on because that effectively killed the mood. He shoves things in his bag and tries very hard not to think about what just happened, about what's happen
Nope. This conversation is over. Dean does get up then and take a step backward, a panic flaring and causing him to raise his hands defensively.
Dean backs up a little, letting Cas’s tentacles recede so he can gasp, “No, Cas, no that was perfect, so good.  You can...again.  And there are other...if you want.  I want…
Dean pulls him close, thrills again at how it feels, having Cas’s fingers against his chest, the weight of his body, the small movements of breath and speech and restlessness he can’t wait to
Dean wants to protest.  He feels massively unworthy.  But he’s afraid refusal will sound like rejection, and nothing could be further from the truth.
Cas looks down to the side, a tiny smile on his face.  Like he’s embarrassed.  Christ, Dean’s been here before.  This is the moment they’d kiss.  Plan to see each other again.  Exchange phone numbers.
Thursday, at 6 A.M., he’s making a new batch of muffins and it feels like momma raccoon is making a nest in his chest cavity.  The muffins smell amazing—almond extract, this time—but he can’t stomach a bite.
“I’ve got it,” he yells to Dean, trying to think who would be stopping by.  Charlie returned the chainsaw last week and he doesn’t remember loaning anything else out.  Could be a canvas of some sort.  Political, maybe, or someone trying to convince them to change their energy provider…
He chooses the clothes and the shower.  Wasn’t it Cas who told him to live his best life?  Isn’t that what he was doing?  He nearly orders a latte at the coffee shop on his way through, realizing only at the last minute.  It’s weird how these small things have just made their way into his life.
“A little bit.  Why?  I think that’s normal for a ghost,” Cas tells him.  "I’ve heard things about running water, but I don’t think that’s true.  I can cross the creek in the backyard, too.”
Dean takes the top off the latte and Cas rushes forward, leaving wispy trails of tan in his wake. Then he’s bent over the cup to smell the steam, close enough that he’d have foam on his nose if he was corporeal. It’s whole milk and maple syrup and Gabe is going to think Dean is angling for a raise, the way he’s bringing him latte after latte these days.
Sam and Dean unfold slowly, just a few inches between them.  Sam’s hand rests on the back of Dean’s neck, Cas can see long fingers curved around the sharp tendons there, resting easy as if they belong.  As if Cas hadn’t set his lips there just last night, just this morning.
Next will be the shower, and when he comes out in twenty minutes they’ll both pretend he hasn’t been crying in there.
Dean hears a chuckle behind him and the tension eases out of his body.  He turns.  “Cas.  Hey, good to see you.”
“I may have told her what the mantel was made out of,” Cas shrugs, “and given her a few pointers on how to find a good piece.”
Dean shakes his head.  “Just, you know, try to tone it down a little bit.  And check out these families, I think you’ll really like them.  This one is the Miltons, a pastor and his wife, one daughter, they seem really interested in the history of the area.  I feel like they’d really appreciate the house for the history it holds, you know?  They’d really love the work you did.”
, I’m coming,” he warns, hips pistoning frantically, and whatever mouth is on him just swallows, swallows, swallows as he comes with a pitiful cry.
“Yeah, I mean I cooked when I was a kid, too, but mainly, like, Kraft mac and cheese, you know?  Eggs.”  He looks up.  “You know that boxed mac and cheese stuff?”
Sam slaps the remote into his palm a few times and then holds it up.  “You got any batteries?  I think it’s dead.”
Sam tips his head in confusion and then his eyes widen.  “Oh.  Oh, shit, I’m sorry.  He didn’t...I didn’t know.  Bet that wasn’t easy.”
There’s something about the way he says it that makes Dean look away. It’s wistful. Full. There’s some longing there that Dean finds himself wanting to fulfill.
That grin again, wide and glowing, and then a slow unfurling of tentacles from under the trenchcoat, shining blue-purple with an undercurrent of indigo that confirms his current gender, the superimposed colors shifting rapidly as Cas talks far too quickly for Dean to understand.
Dean looks down at the ticket again, the shining bars on his series 2 forearm panel bright in the low light of the entry/exit cabin.  No way he could ever afford that on his own.  Honestly, he’s still not sure why he accepted - he’s a stickler for
It feels so good.  Dean’s hand in his, thumb smoothing over the back of his fingers; Sam’s mouth on his, exploring tirelessly.
Dean seems marginally more relaxed when Cas gets home the next day.  Sam is on the couch watching TV and fiddling with a can of seltzer.  “Any way I can get a beer?” he asks softly, as if somehow Cas will be easier to convince than Dean.
“That’s great.”  Dean smiles over at him.  “Really, Cas.  You’re not going to regret this, you need someone here, right?  To keep it up!  To bring joy back in, like you were saying about when Alfie was a kid.  It’s going to be great, Cas.  You’ll see.”
Sam snorts and grabs the hot sauce before he sits down, holding it between two long fingers and balancing a plate over it.  His long legs stretch out, rubbing Cas’s calf on the way by.
Cas is talking and he’s really crying now and his voice keeps breaking, “I wish it had been different then.  And…
The water starts running in the bathroom and Cas sits gingerly on the couch.  Remembers Sam sitting there, he and Dean wound up in each other, Cas on the couch arm, stroking Dean’s hair.  It had felt good, then.  The three of them.
“It’s small,” Cas was explaining, “But I think you’ll find it comfortable.  I constructed a station for you to sit and eat, and I bought food at the human market!  They had ‘cheeseburgers’ there, so I got some for dinner with ‘french fries.’  I hope I remembered that correctly, they also recommended ‘onion rings,’ but I don’t recall you mentioning those.”
Sam laughs bitterly.  “No, I can’t.  There are people after me.  There always will be and...I can’t let them find you.  Dean.”
Cas looks stunned, eyes wide and mouth doing something silent and repetitive, and he looks...pained.  Somehow, like Dean has
up.  He bulls on ahead, ignoring the way his face burns.  “One time, I took all the electronics apart and tried to make a robot…  I gave them some good headaches.   But Sammy did great—honor roll, law school.  So, one out of two ain’t bad, right?”
Dean scrubs his hands over his face and sits back against his couch, trying to press the tiredness out of his eyes. He has seven pages to go on this paper, and he already feels like he's done with it, like he's ready to chuck Calderón de la Barca out a window. It's 3 AM but it's exam week, and there's nothing waiting for him in the morning other than seven more pages of this and 18 more final exams to grade.
What makes that question even worse is that it isn’t even rhetorical; he’s really challenging Dean to try and explain that calling something nothing that had only just started to become an acknowledged something is a dick move. When Dean doesn’t have an answer, Castiel continues.
He starts to move toward it, but instead he comes around the other side of the bed. Dean's watching him as Castiel sits down, removes his shoes, and then leans back against the headboard, his hands folded over his lap. He raises an eyebrow to Dean, challenging him on this, but Dean only laughs, a broken sound, and starts to pull his own shoes off. Castiel's sure that's the end of it once Dean settles down under the covers, and there's even a full minute of silence in which he assumes Dean is starting to go to sleep, when he opens up one eye.
He starts backing Cas up, slowly at first, and then as fast as Cas can manage without stumbling, and Cas's back hits the wall by the entrance to his apartment with a soft sound, but not softer than the sound Cas makes. This needs to happen fast, faster than Dean can think about it, before he can think better of it, and he takes a hand off Cas to fumble for the door, tugging at it uselessly.
There's such gentleness in that, such sincerity, that Dean bats Cas's hand away and distracts him with a kiss again, leaning Cas back on the bed until he can slide on top of him, fit himself between Cas's legs. They fall back into a rhythm as if it isn't the first time, as if it's the easiest thing in the world to toss away everything that had been, that hadn't been, everything they ever kept to themselves, every look that they saw straight through but then there was an apocalypse, and another, and another.
"So, you met Crowley, huh?" Dean asks, and he grins when Castiel wrinkles his nose in response. "Well, don't worry. His bark's worse than his bite."
"Cas." Dean isn't about to act like he's twelve and giving Sam the silent treatment -- well, okay, so he actually last gave Sam the silent treatment over dinner this past weekend, but
“Okay, seriously, I gotta turn this.” He holds out his hand, waiting expectantly for the remote, but Castiel looks blankly at him (selective telepathy, Dean guesses); reaching over Castiel, he takes the remote from where it lays beside his lap, and he starts flipping around the channels, mainly looking for anything that doesn’t star anyone’s private parts.
"What do you mean, there are different ways to choke someone?" Dean asks around a mouthful of food, half-glancing around him as he leans in toward Cas. "Isn't it all coming from the same place?" He swallows and then gestures to his throat.
Castiel steps forward, tries to pull Dean into an embrace but Dean pulls back—not a rejection, but not an invitation for touch either.
"Um. Yeah," Dean says, and wonders how the hell does anyone do this casually? Just "peppers in the fact that they're gay"? He lands on, "We've been together for -- " Dean stops, mind blank. " -- um... God, I don't know. A while now? Seven, eight years? Something like that. Anyway, he finally transferred down here. Just in time, I guess."
Castiel looks surprised, and for a second Dean's afraid he's stepped out of bounds, but then Castiel smiles and their bus pulls up. Dean closes his eyes briefly and follows him, squeezing into a seat beside him.
The irritation in Castiel’s eyes blossoms into something more, and they’re staring at each other, standing way too close, swimming in each other’s hard looks. This is almost as familiar as when they get along, maybe even more so, and the fire he’s felt burning just beneath the surface of this situation starts to bubble over.
And maybe what sucks the most, underneath it all, is that all he can think about when he's driving is Cas on the seat next to him. He got Cas out of the Empty, but, he realizes as he drives, one hand hanging out the window, the other gripping the wheel tight against his palm, he still fucking
The kiss is warm and deep and probably would’ve made a crossroads demon blush, and it’s fucking perfect because apparently they make up for their dysfunction with amazing sex. It’s not a bad payoff, really.
"You miss it?" Dean breathes, and he watches as Cas looks up at him, shame written on him, reluctance, as he tilts his head into a nod.
, like Dean never thought he would do, and he starts moving against Dean, gripping tight to his hips. Somewhere they go from easy, gentle thrusts to hungry fucking, hands and teeth finding places to settle, and Dean buries a few groans against the crook of Castiel’s neck.
"...what?" There's surprise in Sam's voice, and Dean forces himself to turn around to examine it head-on instead of trying to analyze it blindly. There's surprise in Sam's face, yes, but hurt too, and something Dean recognizes as a desperation to make something right.
"Very well," Castiel says finally, and he pulls his office door shut. "You can come by tomorrow afternoon. I'll text you the address."
"Hola, amigo," Benny drawls as Dean approaches, his Cajun accent doing something just awful to his Spanish, though Dean knows he could try, if he really wanted to.
“I’m struggling with my humanity,” Castiel says gruffly, and Dean does roll his eyes this time now that it’s dark and Castiel can’t see.
They share a shaky kiss before Dean rolls to his side; Castiel gasps softly as their bodies separate, and Dean blindly gropes around for his T-shirt, which can stand to be sacrificed. He does a shoddy clean up job and tosses it away again, intent only on nosing back onto Castiel's shoulder and curling up against his warmth. Castiel really is like a furnace; he's always overheated, but now especially, and sometimes it's too much, leaves Dean feeling almost scalded just from touching him. Right now, though, it draws him in like a blanket, and he buries himself in it, sets his nose against Castiel's neck and inhales. He smells like sweat and sex, obviously, but his shampoo, too, just underneath, and Dean's sheets, and it's pretty much perfect.
As he puts the water bottle back, he spots his hand, at the ring that he is not wearing. Cas understands. Dean's mostly out to his coworkers, to his bosses, but he doesn't really talk about it a lot with the people he doesn't like (
"And Bobby owns a garage," he murmurs, his fingers tracing the column of Dean's spine, which is oddly grounding.
Castiel snorts behind him, but there's a silence that's heavy with the weight of whatever is setting Castiel off about this whole ordeal.
He fakes it. He fakes it all the way through dinner, all the way through drinks. He fakes it the whole time that Cas is sitting there, laughing, smiling, free and light in a way that Dean's never seen him before. He wonders what that must feel like, and it takes all of five seconds to recognize that feeling as jealousy, and he clamps down on it, hard.
And maybe the worst part of it is that when Dean finally does turn around, Cas is gone, and he's at once flooded with an aching disappointment and a guilty relief. Dean doesn't go after him, and he doesn't see Cas again until later that night, after Dean's been sitting with this mixture of loneliness and fear, of longing and repulsion, all day. And then one day turns into two, into three, until they start bleeding together, and Dean's itching for a hunt, something, anything to draw him out of this place. But they check the news every day, their conversation stilted and uncomfortable over the tops of their computers, and there's just--nothing.
It all comes back in a rush, everything they did, everything that Dean let happen -- that he'd liked, that he'd really,
Dean wakes up sweating, hands shaking, and he clenches his jaw, trying hard not to make too much noise, not to wake up Sammy, sleeping nearby. Nothing even happened in the dream, nothing beyond heat and staring and closeness, and he clings to that. Heat and bodies, that’s pretty generic, has nothing to do with the team you play for.
He looks at Dean again, with a wistfulness that he isn’t exactly used to having turned on him, and it makes him feel more shameful than actually being caught.
“It would not be emasculating to engage in sodomy with me.” There’s some definite excitement at having come to this conclusion, and then Castiel is leaning forward, and the kiss is sloppy because Dean is still processing the idea that Castiel wants to
Castiel stands in one swift, even movement, still staring down at Dean. “It’s nothing, Sam,” he repeats, hollowly, and then he’s gone. And Dean knows he’s fucking screwed something up.
He takes a steadying breath and thinks about those kids outside because like, half of Dean's table is already aware of who Cas is, but the kids... It's Claire again, actually, and Krissy, and Kaia, and a freshman named Jack who always greets him with a heartfelt
“Just be glad you weren’t there when one of us had to stitch up our own arm,” Dean comments with a smile, able to joke about that now, if only to see Castiel’s eyebrows lift in an emotion he can’t name. Is he impressed, grossed out, or saddened? Maybe all three, Dean decides, as he cleans up their emergency med kit. When he turns around, Sam is easing his shirt on, and Castiel looks on, perplexed, but yeah—definitely a little saddened. Dean clenches his jaw.
“’Night,” Dean calls after him. He leans over to put Castiel’s present under the tree, when he notices the one Bobby left for Castiel. He’d turned the wrapping paper over to the blank side, and instead of “Happy Birthday Jesus,” he wrote “Feliz Cumpleaños Jesus.”
is what he wishes he could say, but he isn't sure that's true for Dean, and he isn't sure he wants it to be true for himself.
Any argument Dean’s ever made to himself about this whatever between himself and Chris disappears like he threw rock salt at it, and he rubs his hand over his face, wanting to
comfortable. They haven't talked in extensive detail about what happened. Like, they had the talk required to get over the fact that Dean had lied for a goodish amount of time, letting Cas think that Sam knew about their relationship when really Sam thought he was a girl. It doesn't come up in conversation on the daily though, especially since Dean's been dealing with all that.
It’s been five months of this foursome thing, and a month and four days since they saw their dad, who swung into town for a week and promptly bailed, but he met Carly anyway, and approved.
It’s starting to get dark, so they find something worthwhile for a meal, and they settle down to eat some pretty decent barbeque. Dean catches Castiel’s eye, just for a second, before he dumps sauce on his sandwich, and Castiel obediently follows suit. Actually, this is something of a common occurrence for them—Dean showing Castiel how to go about eating something the right way—and Sam hasn’t tried to interrupt it or commented on it or even joined in. Maybe they’re both just used to Dean being the big brother here.
“It can be emasculating, to submit to another man,” he offers, and Dean nods his agreement. He can practically see the gears turning in Castiel’s mind, and Dean’s beginning to wonder how he can dupe himself into not believing that Castiel has a vested interest in this whole conversation.
He can practically hear Jo roll her eyes as she stands up, and the printer starts spitting out paper.
He stands up and catches Cas by the wrist, then slides his hand up his arm, smoothing over the soft fabric; his other hand finds Cas's hip and pulls him in close until their hips connect.
He sighs and sits forward, pinching the bridge of his nose. “Look, don’t tell Sammy, okay? Is there some kind of human-angel confidentiality?”
"It's not them, is it?" Castiel asks, voice hushed. "It's us. It's this -- it's because you 'aren't gay.'"
"Bed?" he says uncertainly, and Dean nods, grins, slips an arm around Cas's back again as he starts moving them in that direction.
There are warm lips in his hair and Castiel's hand finds his, sliding their fingers together slowly, matching their palms, before he links their hands together and sets them against his chest. "It's a beautiful car. You keep it in very good shape."
And Dean thinks well, he'll just give Cas another minute or two. Then he'll--drive home? A motel? He realizes just then that he hadn't thought that far ahead, but he doesn't have much time to think about it because his body is getting heavier, and Cas's breath is soothing against his skin.
There are eggs cooking on the stove, and some bland morning show pretending to be news fills the living room, but what isn't normal is Castiel with his hands on his hips and Sam --
“A question for the ages, man. I’d break into the case with you, but they’re probably all stale by now anyway.” Castiel looks a little mollified at that, and Dean chuckles, shoving his hands into his pockets. “Sorry I can’t. This is like, the one thing that’s most interested you all day.”
"Are you okay with that?" Cas says finally, still not looking at Dean as he starts cutting pancakes that he doesn't bother to pretend he needs to eat.
as it slides back into place, and he turns to face Dean, seemingly at ease, but there's a growing tension in the air. Dean's eyes dart to the hose; Cas's follow. They look at each other for a second longer, and then they both dart for the sprayer.
It takes a few moments, but not too many, before Dean finds that frantic place again, and he leans into it, fingers pressing into the small of Cas's back, his skin warm through his shirt. Cas seems content to stand here, to learn Dean's mouth, to gasp for air when Dean lets him, but Dean--Dean needs this to be something more, something less, something more like any old hookup, and if there's a flash of pain, of guilt at that thought, he drowns it out by kissing Cas deeper, relishing in Cas's muffled murmur as Dean's tongue slips past his lips.
"Are you okay?" Cas asks, stifling a yawn. It's a ridiculous question, but Dean knows that he doesn't want to ask what he's really asking:
He starts to pick up his plate to leave, but Cas beats him to it, standing quickly, the sound of his chair scraping on the floor suddenly too loud.
, and there’s a buzz in the crowd, and Dean just goes for it. He’s honestly surprised when the announcer picks him, but he’s going by sections, and his section’s all adults anyway. So why not go for the six-foot-tall guy in work boots and a beat up leather jacket who’s shouting his head off?
"Oh, fuck it. Cas -- " Dean starts, stops, fights a war with himself, and then he kisses Castiel and Castiel is frozen. It's quick, and Dean steps back, fear, uncertainty, doubt swirling on his face as he desperately tries to read Castiel right back.
“Alright,” he says finally, pulling away, breathless and aware that he’s grinning a little embarrassingly. “Hold it in, Casanova. Virginia may be for lovers, but I’m not sure we qualify.”
"So are all your brothers as charming as Gabriel?" Dean asks, lifting his wine to his lips. Castiel's smile twitches.
Great. If there's anything better than squirming in his seat, drifting in and out of attention to a paper about feminism in so-and-so or the concept of time in this novel, it's doing it while trying not to guess the brand of aftershave Castiel uses.
Their conversation is casual but cursory. Dean’s mind isn’t in it, but neither is Chris’s, and a slow, heavy kind of tension rolls in between them that isn’t too unfamiliar at this point. All Dean can think is, well, Chris isn’t a fruit—he isn’t gay, so this thing must just be normal between two guy friends, because it isn’t like Dean’s ever really had a close friend he could compare this to.
Cas knows too, of course he does, because he chuckles darkly as he brings his lips to breathe gently against his ear.
God, he'd missed him. Straight up and down, he'd missed Cas, and he doesn't deserve it, but he shoves himself a little more upright and waves him in.
"Thanks, Cas," he says finally, his heart thrumming, and finally, he can't resist; he steals a glance over and is caught in the weight of Cas's gaze. And there's a second, one flash of a second where Dean thinks that it would be nice to stay in this moment, to lean in, to just be here and be... He hesitates before his mind settles on the h word. Is he happy? Is this what it is to be happy?
"She didn't--" He squeezes his hand around his wrist and tries again. "She didn't make fun of me, y'know? Just because I liked how it felt, it didn't mean anything. It was just this--this thing, like she liked it when I played with her nipples."
, okay? It was just like—just like a tick, you know? Sam walked in on something I really wasn’t ready for him to see—at least, not like that—and I just wanted that to… not have happened, and so it just came out that it was nothing because I just—well, it just came out.” He stops himself before he continues to verbally vomit on his own shoes, distinctly aware that Castiel’s steely glare hasn’t softened at all; only hardened. “I didn’t mean to hurt you,” he adds, softer.
It's inevitable. He knows it as soon as Sam switches out the light, as soon as Sam crawls into bed. Hell, really, truly? He knew it as soon as Sam suggested they swing by, knew it before that even when Sam started looking at the map, after Dean asked him for directions, making a bargain with himself: if Sam says it, then the choice is made for him, isn't it? The Winchesters and destiny have always had a complicated relationship. Once he's sure Sam's asleep, Dean grabs the keys and slips out, and he finds himself again outside Cas's apartment. The lights are out this time, and Dean has a minute to wonder if Cas could be, has a minute to think viciously of waiters with neon nail polish, when the light turns on and Cas's shadow is there again. This time, Dean pushes the buzzer by the side entrance, and the door clicks open in response.
They hold each other's smile for a minute, and the air feels thick, heavy, smells of alcohol swabs and bandages, and they look at each other until Dean thinks he could tip forward into Cas's eyes. But then Cas glances away, thinking.
Dean watches him leave and takes a deep breath as he tries to settle his nerves, and he can really only think how glad he is that he's done teaching for the day because he isn't sure he can think much beyond  dinner tonight. And he really could use some more experience before he tries to handle teaching with half a boner.
"Well, look at you. Your first one. Congratulations," he teases, and then he dips his head in for a quick kiss that leaves Dean's heart racing for every reason you could imagine. When he draws back, his eyes are warm, a kind of pride in his face too.
The office is suddenly too small for Dean, and he gets up abruptly, the chair skidding out behind him. He tries not to look like he's having a tantrum as he stalks out of the office, but he doesn't think he's very successful, not with Jo's laughter following him. The computer room door doesn't make it easy on him; he viciously stabs the sequence of buttons to unlock the door and jerks the handle, but it doesn't open. By his third try, he can feel his ears start to burn, and then the door opens from the inside.
Castiel wrinkles his brow. “I don’t care how difficult it was or wasn’t to get, I’m still proud of you. You were so excited about this earlier. What changed?”
Dean puts his phone back on the nightstand and turns back to Cas to find him sitting up in bed, staring at some faraway spot in the room, but clearly not really there anymore. He gives it a few, and then Cas blinks and turns to him.
Dean double checks before answering, but yeah, his ass looks pretty good; he gives himself a smirk of approval.
Dean has a minute to breathe, just long enough to feel anxious. He knows that there's more than what they've done, just hands and mouths. He's also aware that he's not sure what he's ready for, or what he might ever be ready for, and that familiar tightness starts building in his chest as he realizes that he has no idea what Cas might expect of him.
?” Castiel’s face flickers in response to Dean’s rather unbelieving question and his shoulders lift in a barely-there shrug.
"No. I want to help," Cas says, determined, and before Dean can protest, he's already grabbing up the plates and taking them to the sink. Dean spends the whole time dreading what comes next, and then it's there, the two of them walking down the hall toward their rooms, and Dean wishes he could fast forward through this, wishes he could look up the ending instead of living in this suspense.
"Dean." He cuts straight through what Dean was going to say, straight through to Dean, and they stop, staring at each other, and Dean knows what they're both seeing.
"That so?" There's realization sneaking in around that question in Bobby's eyes, and Dean's simultaneously thrilled and sickened to see it. It's hard to want a plan to work while also being afraid that it will work; his grip tightens around his beer.
Cas is giving Dean another chance, one he doesn't deserve, but Dean's ready for it this time, he thinks.
The afternoon stretches and shrinks, and at some point, Bobby leaves. It's just the three of them, sitting around the table, sharing a drink. Dean and Cas did eventually put real pants on at some point, and with Cas in his coat again, Dean thinks the whole scene is so familiar that it could've been any old day back on Earth.
But he cuts off whatever bullshit Cas was about to say with a sharp wave of his hand. His heart is thrumming, his blood pumping, adrenaline coursing through him telling him to run away from this because this? It might not be a bunch of clown-skull-wearing mimepires in a barn, but that at least, in its own weird way, had been familiar. This, now, is not something Dean's ever felt comfortable with.
“Don’t worry, Cas,” he says, turning back around. “I promised you I’d get your virginity problem taken care of, and I will.”
"It gets better?" he replies, tone flat, and Castiel's eyebrow lifts in a very forbidding way that must be pretty effective on his students; it stops Dean's mouth, anyway.
Cas rolls his eyes with his whole body, his smile fond as he starts pushing Dean back toward the pillows. "Dean. Don't be ridiculous."
The tone of Sam's voice stops Dean's hand, stalls it in its trip to the doorknob, and he remembers Sam calling the other day, and the one before that; he'd been at Castiel's, and he slipped into the other room to talk.
"Fuck," he says out loud for good measure. "Fuck, Cas, I'm not any good at this." When he looks up, Cas is frowning deeper still, and it realizes him that as bad as he is at talking about this, Cas is probably even worse. "Listen, just--forget it."
"By boring, do you mean happy?" Dean huffs and looks away, but Cas continues, pushing to stand up and approaching Dean. "Well adjusted?" Cas sneaks an arm around Dean's waist and murmurs against his ear, teasingly, "Medicated?"
"Oh, you're coming to Pride. First, we need to organize one, but then you're definitely coming." She grins at him and they settle in to finish their show.
"Why?" he asks, his voice a tired, weary challenge. There's electricity in the air again, the taste of lightning on Dean's tongue, even though there's nothing about the slump of Cas's shoulders that reminds Dean of a summer storm.
-- the true definition of the word, from way back when, when it talked about God and the whole inspiring love and fear equally thing.
" he asks, somewhere between incredulous and maybe, genuinely annoyed, and Cas shrugs again, sitting down quickly.
A car approaches before long, and he squints, trying to discern anything about the driver as it slows to a stop and a man rolls down the window. He looks as curious about Castiel as Castiel is about him.
"Dean," Castiel murmurs finally, and Dean mumbles a reply against his skin. "I know too many languages for you to make me switch to one in bed. Don't make me want to go on Word Reference while your hand is literally inches away from my cock."
But it seems ten times stronger now that it's back at full force, and now that he knows for sure what this feeling is.
They do this now, sometimes, when Dean's day keeps him at the office, and Benny's off on a job, and Kevin pointedly reminds Dean that he's vegan and no, he doesn't want to go to the cheeseburger place down the block. Usually, that meant Dean would eat by himself, but now he swings by Cas's, and Dean spends the 10-minute walk trying to decide if Cas's eyes really lit up or if Dean just imagined it.
He settles his hand against the back of Castiel's neck, keeping him close, and the light pressure of Castiel's hand on his upper arm, where he squeezes and clings gently like he's trying not to drown, or trying to keep Dean from drowning, sends more than one kind of warmth through him. He just goes with it, tries not to name it, and drags his hand down to Castiel's shoulder, his thumb brushing against his pulse point. Castiel makes a small noise and draws Dean closer.
When he pulls up to his apartment, he doesn't think the drive actually solved anything, so he sits in the car and lets the tape run out, until he can get his mind to settle on a decision.
Only he isn't, not really, but settling into a discussion of what they should have for dinner, what leftovers Dean's brought back from Bobby's, that's far more appealing than discussing what happened, or didn't happen, just now. Dean mostly struggles to ignore however Castiel reacts, but he hears the soft sigh, feels Castiel hesitate behind him before he pulls his backpack higher over his shoulder and follows.
This time, though, this time he isn't sure he can say no. He'd like to, that's for damn sure, but Sam and Jess started dating in the spring, and he can tell he really cares from the way Sam sounds when he talks about her even all the way across the country. Homework is a crap excuse to not come see your brother. A girl, on the other hand... Dean still counts himself over her, obviously, but Sam's happiness is important, too.
“Hm.” Cain kissed Dean’s thigh and reached around back, gave his rather ample ass a playful squeeze. “Fair enough. But you let me know once it gets uncomfortable, okay? I’ll order you some new ones then.”
“Do you want me to just tell you?” Dean asked, and Cas let out a weak affirmative noise. “Seven thirty-two.”
It was just as bad as he'd thought it would be, if not worse. From the moment Castiel broke into a trudging, uneven jog, his breath quickened and he could feel himself start to sweat. Cas had never been the best athlete, even when skinny, and the huge spare tire around his waist certainly wasn't doing him any favors. It bounced with each heavy step he took and yanked the breath from his lungs, making breathing even more difficult. He tried to run with his hands pressed against his gut, both to keep his shirt down and to steady his belly, but it didn't really help, and by the time the last straggler had completed their fifth lap, Castiel had given up and just let his stomach bounce and push up his shirt. He was in the middle of his second lap.
league? Dude, other way around. I’ve had a middle school crush on you since you walked through the door.”
“At least one of us likes it,” Dean conceded, and Sam frowned. His body image was a conversation for a different day, Dean decided, so he changed the subject. “Anyway, we’ve been in here for way too long. How am I supposed to leave?” He tugged his shirt together to illustrate his point, and it didn’t even come close to meeting, let alone buttoning. A good several inches of fat stood in the way.
noticed when, that night, Dean's supple midsection bounced as he rode Cas. Thick thighs squeezed Cas's ribs and, instinctually, Cas grabbed onto Dean's hips. He came immediately when he felt the soft love handles forming there.
“Bloody hell, Cassie,” Balthazar said with an eye roll. “You two idiots have been ogling each other all season, and it’s only been three weeks. Please,
weight. He'd weighed in at 513 a few weeks ago - though he'd probably packed on a good 20 pounds since then - and could still get around on his own. Well, mostly, as he evidently needed some help getting out of his Baby, but he could still walk just fine. His gut only covered about half of his thighs, just enough to make walking a little harder, not impossible. It was the biggest part of him by a long shot, but it stuck out in front way more than it hung down.
“Of course not,” Cas said with a snort. He started to rub his hand in little circles, and Dean sighed. “Honestly, my main reservation was the fact that you’re out of my league, but-“
He ended up with loads and loads of discount Easter candy. Hadn't celebrated the holiday since he was four, but Dean would be damned if he didn't take advantage of the great deals on chocolate bunnies, jelly beans, and weird little chocolate-hazelnut carrot things. Even the judgmental look the cashier gave him, eyeing the pounds upon pounds of candy and Dean's too-tight shirt with disdain, wasn't enough to put a damper on his good mood.
The only real regret Castiel had was that Dean was too fat for him to feel their baby; there were far too many layers of blubber for any type of motion to get through. Still, Cas would not have his mate any other way, and he gave the top of Dean’s belly a loving pat before trailing his fingers down to the sensitive underside, the place that always made Dean shiver and moan in delight.
He leaned down and licked the hard line of Dean's dick through his tight pants. Dean choked and put his hands back on Cas's head, tugging his hair harshly, desperate for some direct contact. Cas slipped his fingers in the tight waistband and tugged it down so that only Dean's cock and balls were out. His dick slapped wetly against the underside of his gut and he grunted, beyond ready.
“I’m a total fatass,” Dean complained as he shoved a cheese-laden chip in his mouth. “I’m pretty sure I heard people gossiping about me in the break room, and I need new pants, cause I’m so fucking fat, and-“
The waiter spoke up. "I have an idea, sir, if you don't mind." Dean shrugged, interested in what the man had to offer (in more ways than one, heh). He was definitely not expecting the guy to reach over Dean and place a plate directly on his belly, somehow fitting all three on the surface, maintaining eye contact the whole time. Dean had to keep an arm up to keep them from sliding off, but they all fit. He licked his lips. Across the table, Sam looked like he wanted to disappear into thin air.
“I gotta-“ Dean heaved himself out of his chair and made a break for the single stall bathroom, his one track mind managing to miss Sam’s look of alarm. As soon as the door closed he tore at his shirt buttons, desperate, glad that he’d forgone the tank for once. Off, off, off-
They jerked each other off in the diner’s single stall bathroom, overwhelmed and turned on by Cas’s words and Dean’s appetite. Someone banged on the door and Dean laughed, still panting, his forehead against Cas’s.
Dean looked at Cas with hooded eyes and a shit-eating grin, his bare belly pressed up against the table. “Baby wants ice cream,” he said decisively, and Castiel couldn’t help but think that he was the luckiest man on Earth.
Sam was still slightly red in the face as he walked quickly over to the Impala. Dean had struggled with getting out of the car for the past year or so now, but he was still able to do it under his own power. Sam was about to tell Dean that he could get himself out of his own damn car when he reached the open door and saw the problem.
“And you’re mine,” Dean agreed, and he finally sat up with a grunt. “Don’t worry, baby. I don’t got eyes for anyone but you.”
"Dunno," Dean replied after a second, his cheeks pink. "I could... uh, y'know, I could grab you another slice."
Huh. Yeah, looking back, it was kind of obvious. “I thought he was just a friend,” Dean defended weakly, and Sam laughed.
“You don’t have a double chin,” Sam protested, but Dean knew the truth. His belly and face took the brunt of his weight gain, always had. Dean’d had a slightly pudgy chin even when he’d been in the best shape of his life, and the pounds he’d added onto his frame in the past month and a half weren’t exactly helping. No amount of cleansing had ever gotten rid of the thin layer of padding around his middle either, and he was getting softer by the day.
Not to mention the fact that dinner was when Cas really let himself cut loose in terms of food. He'd taken to shoveling down a plate as quickly as possible so he could get to the real prize: dessert. Dinner was really more of an appetizer followed by a multiple-course dessert, at least for Castiel. Dean would bring him pie, cake, cookies, ice cream, and more. Cas didn't even have to get up.
“Fuck you,” Dean said, although he was smiling a little. He tugged his too-small shirt down and left a hand resting on his belly, on the strip of skin that refused to stay covered no matter how many times he tried. “It’s baby weight.”
But Dean could and did so pretty regularly. Benny brought out the whole tin and Dean nearly kissed him then and there. Instead, he did the next best thing and ate that entire pie while he made eyes at Benny, not even bothering to be subtle any more about how much he wanted the baker.
Dean grabbed his duffel of clothes he kept stashed behind the counter and took Cas's hand, mind spinning, and gave a half-hearted goodbye to his fellow workers as he burst through the back door and into the employee parking lot. Cool air brushed against his bare belly and Dean shivered as he pulled Cas towards his Baby. After unlocking the doors, Dean tossed his bag in the front and climbed into the back seat. He swore he wasn't usually this easy, but something about Cas made him wanna spread his legs and beg for it. Like right now.
He ended up buying way more food than strictly necessary, but he just couldn't help himself. Watching the Food Network so much had exposed Dean to so many new recipes; he wanted to try them all. And the pre-made pies were on sale, so of course he bought four, and it was nobody's business if he immediately ate an entire pie after getting back to the bunker.
say you could wear either, and it would certainly save Cas the trouble of unbuckling after meals. Dean kissed Cas when he opened the box set of Star Wars movies he'd gotten him, and Cas smiled.
"It was good," he said, ignorant of the way Cas's brain lost all function at the sight of a shirtless Dean. He stared as Dean tugged on a new, less sweaty shirt, hypnotized by the way his belly shook where it pushed over the waistband of his gym shorts. He didn't seem to have any of the little pink stretch marks Cas had noticed on his own hips and stomach.
“That was a mistake,” Dean groaned as he set the slice back in the box. A deep belch escaped his mouth and he flushed, embarrassed. “God, excuse me. My break’s up, I gotta go back to the front desk.”
He quickly threw his head back and downed the shot, setting the glass back down on the counter, all with his hands behind his back. When Dean looked up, Cas's pupils were blown wide and he was staring at Dean.
During the drive back to Cas’s house, Dean sat in the driver’s seat with his pants still undone, belly sitting in his lap, and he punched Cas lightly in the arm. “Asshole,” he said with a slight smile, one that turned into a grimace when they went over a pothole and his stomach was jostled. “Feel like I’m gonna explode thanks to you.”
The pizza was gone within the hour. Dean burped loudly and scratched his bare belly, stuffed, sated, and sleepy. One of the great things about being home alone was getting to be as gross as he wanted without Sam's bitchface popping up everywhere, and Dean could laze around in his underwear and do whatever he wanted. The bunker was a judgement-free zone for the next couple weeks, and Dean was planning on taking full advantage of the fact.
Cas dragged his feet over to the water fountain and drank greedily, water running down his chin in his haste. He still had to complete his warmup, but Cas had seen other kids getting a drink of water in between running and their chosen exercise, and he probably needed it more than anybody. Leaning against the fountain when he'd finally finished, Cas moaned at the feeling of cool metal against his overheated skin.
After learning of Cas's strict upbringing - no processed or sugary foods, no violent movies, no video games, etc. - Dean had taken personal offense and made it his mission to introduce Cas to everything his parents had forbidden. They'd started with the games and movies, and had spent the two days before classes started holed up in their room with Dean's friend Charlie. Castiel was now rather proficient at GTA and had seen every single Star Wars movie, but they'd yet to tackle the 'food travesty,' as Dean called it, until now.
Dean swallows once.  Twice.  “Yeah,” he says.  Clears his throat.  “Yeah.  I really...I had a good time, too.  I always do, Cas.”
“Leave it in your room again?” Dean grouses.  “Gotta do everything around here,” he mutters, backing out and padding down the hall.
He closes his eyes with his brother’s forehead resting against his, hands clasped together over the hole between his ribs.  He’s glad, selfishly, that he got to go first.
Landing.  He’s doing it.  He’s finally landing on Valhalla 5, the gaseous planet that’s the home of his Luminate penpal and best friend (and massive crush and maybe love of his life, not that Dean lets himself think about that too much, really), Castiel.
But Dean’s got his teeth in the problem, now.  He’s invested.  He’s curious.  He’s stubbornly committed to selling this house with everyone involved feeling good.
The little redhead bounces into Sam’s arms and then turns to throw herself at Dean with abandon.  “Dean!  I’m so glad to see you!  It’s been forever!"
Sam is gone when they wake up.  The old car, the black classic one Dean told him to keep out of sight, is gone, too.
, man, what do you take me for? I just mean, you know, you could smell it, maybe.  Some of the stouts are really nice, or if you like the sours?”
to have, if he’s honest, but the guy has shown up, said cryptic things and then disappeared when Dean reached out.
Cas starts to shake under Dean’s relentless attention. “Wha—“ Cas says, breathless. “What did you say?”
” Sam continues urgently, “He and I can take care of Azazel.  In the meantime, I go to Zach.  It’s gonna be fine.”
Who is, frankly, another challenge all together. Weird-ass ghost in a trench coat. Hot and buttoned-up and see-through. He talks like an encyclopedia, has a dry, sarcastic sense of humor, and takes none of Dean’s shit.
.  I’m not—of course I do, I just want you to be sure.  I don’t need to—”  He moans into Cas’s shoulder, his body jerking as Cas undoes his jeans.  “Oh,
“Don’t you worry,” Rowena tells him quietly after Alfie’s in the passenger seat. “I’ll take good care of it. All of it.”
“Hey, babe,” he greets.  “I was just making breakfast.  Sammy here thinks he’s still a growing boy.”
“Can’t talk, I’ll be late.” She waves over her shoulder.  “No snooping, now, I’ll know.  Enjoy your evening, boys!”
Dean pulls a cookie out and grabs a paper towel.  “They really taste better warmed up,” he offers as way of an explanation, popping it into the microwave for 10 seconds.
“No!” Cas says, a little too loudly.  “I mean, I could help you.  I think.  Maybe—do you want to bring it by?  It’ll be easier if I can see it.”
Dean licks it away while Cas watches, and dear God, if he were ten years younger, that might’ve been another orgasm.
They work on him together.  Dean knows him well, knows every move that makes him shiver.  And Cas knows exactly where each of Dean’s touches will lead, and it makes him hot all over.
Cas stands in the doorway to the kitchen and waits for them to catch sight of him.  There’s something about watching them that makes him ache.  They stand close.  Some might say
He’s never felt the differences between him and Cas as keenly as he has the past week.  Every single moment they’re together, there's the unfathomable space of their inability to touch, and that niggling feeling that there's something there, between them.  And, yet.  None of it’s worth saying aloud.  Not to Cas and not to Charlie, because Cas is
Dean grabs Sam’s hand as it goes by and uses it to push him over gently, kissing his lips in the same sweet way he’d just kissed Cas.
Dean swallows.  “All right, man, I’ve gotta get going.  If you need me to talk to the witch, let me know.  I don’t really want her doing spells or whatever on you, you know?  Gotta make sure she doesn’t fuck up my angel, right?”
…’  Yeah, that’s what I’m asking.  I haven’t fully researched the life and times of Castiel yet, cause I’m trying to get your house sold to someone you don’t hate, you know?  Priorities, man.”
“Can’t get rid of me that easy,” he says.  He pops the top off Cas’s coffee absently and sets it on the edge of the island.  “I made some cookies to go with the coffee.”
He heads back inside to find Cas waiting and warmth grows in his chest;  Cas has a quizzical smile that widens when their eyes meet.  It feels like coming home to someone, and it’s dangerous to think about.  That’s not what this is.  It can’t be.
They’re still kissing when Dean gets back with the washcloth.  “No round two, kids.  We gotta get on the road.  C’mere, Cas,” and he shoves Sam away gently to wipe Cas clean.
It’s easy to talk to Cas about his life.  Even the hard parts.   He only notices at the end of the last story how close Cas has gotten, watching him attentively from inches away.
Dean shakes his head, “Don’t worry about it.  They just weren’t the right ones, is all.  Nothing to worry about.  Wanna show me the creek?  I don’t think I’ve gotten the original owner tour out here.”
“Oh,” Cas says, going slightly pink.  “Rowena said she picked up the movies for us.  She didn’t know what movie you’d referenced, I could only remember it was something about stars...but she said it was likely one of these.”
, babe,” Dean gasps, moving in until Cas can feel the heat of him - thigh and chest and body nearly touching.  His hand moves to the inside of Cas’s thigh, moving up slowly, leaving Cas breathless.  “I know you said it was okay but it was still kind of an accident.  I was coming into the kitchen, he was coming out...we ran into each other. He grabbed me, just instinctual, you know?”  And Dean’s thumb grazes Cas’s scrotum, making him gasp.
Dean’s lips trace back up to his cheek, and Cas makes a discontented noise.  Without opening his eyes, he rolls toward Dean, hooks an arm around his waist and rolls them both over.  He wraps Dean in his arms, doing his best to spoon him into submission.
It was easier when the happiest he could imagine was a greasy cheeseburger followed up with pie, all on someone else’s credit card.
Cas doesn’t know what to say.  It’s private, those long nights of waiting and being afraid and watching one token get washed away to be replaced with another a month or two later, and then having to wait, and watch, and dread that it could happen all over again.
“Cas,” he breathes, like a curse.  He reaches out, pulls back.  “Are you really…?”  He’s not even sure what he’s hoping for.
He tells her the same story he told Sam, and when he’s finally convinced her that Cas isn’t his boyfriend and he doesn’t think of him that way,
“Hey, Cas, I’m so sorry about yesterday,” he says, keeping his voice light.  “I was late ‘cause I had a date, and it went well and…”  he wiggles an eyebrow.  “Well, you know.  Anyway, I got up late and I had to get to work and I, uh, I can’t exactly text when there’s a change of plan.”
Dean takes a deep breath, relaxing marginally.  “Yes,” he breathes.  “Yes, that’s exactly what I mean.”
Cas may be fussy and dead, but Dean made Bela Talbot happy with that monstrosity on Wendell.  He talked that asshole Ketch down to a reasonable price for the Hascum’s.   He can sell this house.
He brings back the blankets from the living room.  The one with the modern lantern pattern that Dean had gotten him for Christmas.  The old tattered one with the wolves on it that Dean had lingered over at Target.
Cas admits to Dean that he's gay and that he suppressed that his whole life and now he wishes things were different.
“Oh, Charlie!” Sam interjects as if he’s just thought of something.  Dean is about to thank him when Sam continues, “ask him about Cas.”
“Thank you,” Cas says, reaching out with two tentacles and twining them around Dean’s arm.  His voice is the same, and it’s still incredible to Dean that Cas has learned his language, going so far as to learn how to make and modulate sound waves.
“Let me know a fair price, I’m happy to pay you, though goodness knows the going rate these days.  You could look into it and let me know?”
The door is still unlocked - he was too busy running for his life to lock it behind him - so he sneaks in and takes a deep breath when the alcove is clear.  Then he steps into the living room and the temperature plunges.
Dean heats the meat pie in the oven out of respect for the crust, which definitely looks homemade.  He may be reconsidering his stance on Rowena.
Dean pulls at Sam’s cock, and Sam’s mouth goes open, slack, air pushing from his lungs, dragging back in.  His head drops sometimes when Dean touches him just right, and Cas groans with him.
Everything will be cold and congealed shortly.  The fries will be limp. There will be no smell of bourbon steak left for anyone to enjoy.
Cas shrugs.  “She’s generally opinionated but not subtle in her affections.  Or lack thereof.  So I think you’ll know very quickly if she’s upset.  She didn’t seem angry when she told me to have you come in.  She seemed distracted, actually.”
Jesse shakes his hand at the end of the date, and Dean smiles at him, embarrassed.  “I’m really sorry, man.  Just got a lot on my mind, you know?”
Alfie laughs nervously. “Guess you don’t know Rowena, then. I’m coming. She insisted. Will we see you there?”
He wonders what else he can bring back just by remembering.  It doesn’t work for a cheeseburger, but it does work for the diner the next town over.
And then Cas moves inside him, huge tentacle rocking in place and pressing relentlessly against his prostate.  “There?  Is that what you wanted?  You look amazing, I love how you perspire, how you move, it feels—”  His voice sounds like a radio that cuts out as he continues to move.  “It feel so—
He sets out three of the solo cups, forcing himself not to wince at how cheap they look, and pours a tiny amount of each of the bourbons into them, swirling them and taking a quick sniff before sliding them over in Cas’s direction.
“Is it because you were worried about what he’d say, or because you still think you can talk me out of it?”
Something complex washes over Sam’s face.  He licks his lips and looks at the end table.  “I hope so.  Nothing you guys need to worry about, you know?  You’ve done enough.”
“Easy,” he murmurs, cranking the window closed. “Let me talk to her and find out more. She loves the house. She appreciates all the work you did. It’s…” a realization hit him suddenly, painfully, knotting in his chest. When the house sells, he doesn’t know if Cas will want to see him again.
Cas flashes something like joy and contentment as he wraps around Dean.  “I have never done anything like that.  I felt...it was like we were…”  His words are all over his skin,
There’s an injured man in their house, and Dean has regressed fifteen years in two minutes, and Cas feels like he’s visiting the twilight zone as he watches Dean pull a needle out of a pack, thread it with dental floss, and begin stitching the hole in their guest.
Sam seems to take that as a challenge and starts mouthing at Cas’s jaw, his neck, paying close attention to the dip just under his collar bone, one hand pressed hard at his hip.
And then, just as he’s beginning to get used to it, a tentacle corkscrews around his dick, and keeps going, slithering around him in constant contact and motion.  Dean bucks up, writhes, so close to being overstimulated.
The curious little tips start to pull him open, the wide tentacle starts to dip inside him, between them.  The things he can feel seem impossible, focused pressure against his prostate, that wide tentacle pushing inside, pressing in further than any human could go.  But Cas isn’t human, and he’s doing things that are beyond anything Dean could have imagined.  Dean arches up, whines and breathes harsh noises, trying and failing to tell Cas it feels good.
“Uhh,” Dean stalls as his mind races. Cas doesn’t show up around Alfie and of course that’s good for the showing, but Alfie doesn’t know what Cas wants—doesn’t even know Cas exists!  “Hey, y’know what?  I can meet her over there, no big deal. You don’t need to take time out of classes to show her.”
“I know...look, I know I’m being an asshole. I just don’t know how to help him and still be...this.”
Dean enters the house with the book at the ready.  He doesn’t even wait for the ghost to start in, he speaks right away, loud and with authority and trying not to stumble over the Latin he practiced last night but has no clue how to get his mouth around.
“Like this?”  Cas’s eyes drop down, take their time moving up Dean’s body, leaving heat in their wake.  He stares at Dean’s lips and then drags his gaze back up to his eyes, and that’s it.  Dean is done pretending this isn’t something he wants.
He shrugs.  Habits come and go, and this one is the same.  It’s just that they’ve seen each other every day for the past three months, and they already have a new routine…
Dean laughs.  “Well, if she’d asked me to build in a shelving unit, you’d be going full on Amityville right now.”
He raises an eyebrow and she swats his arm.  “Don’t get filthy, now.  Just some things around the house, you’d be ever so much help.  You’ve got tools and things, don’t you?  You seem the type.”
Dean looks at him, wishes for the millionth time he could grab his shoulder and offer him some sort of reassurance.  “I mean it, man.”
“It didn’t age well,” he says.  “It was important in it’s time—it was the first real criticism of war we’d seen.  I was…I was young and impressionable, a man of God.  In some small way it opened my eyes.  Of course, now I see that it is also racist and imperialist.”
Dean had been ready to spread his hand to allow Cas to greet him comfortably.  He’d been ready to offer a cheek if they got that far.
“There are good things about it,” Cas tells him with a soft smile.  He gazes into the distance for a long moment.  “Promise me something?”
They watch in silence, Dean hyper-alert as the action unfolds.  He tracks Cas in his periphery, how he’s sitting, what his expression is, what he laughs at, where he’s sad and horrified, where he’s delighted.  The movie isn’t nearly as interesting as Cas’s reactions.  Dean leans back to watch them better, turning his head just slightly to catch Cas’s profile.
Dean turns to Cas as Sam works along his neck.  “You want us…?”  He gestures at Cas’s chest and gives a single loose gesture.
The ghost sighs.  Dean didn’t know ghosts did that.  “Look, I just don’t want a stranger in my house.  Is that really so weird?”
.  Cas’s idea of the ideal buyer is narrow — he wants a family with one or two children — no more, no less.  He never said they needed to like the house as-is, but Dean learned that lesson with the first family he brought in.  The showing had gone swimmingly until the wife had mentioned that she’d want the built-ins in the living room torn out — and then two of the windows had burst open, the sink had sprung a leak, and ominous sounds had come from upstairs.
Where before Cas touched him with two or three at a time - the kiss, or guiding him around the pod or the port - now he seemed to finally understand that Dean wants more— is willing,
Dean shrugs.  “I try to be.  I mean, it’s not how I make a living, but it’s something concrete.  I like doing holidays, having people around.  Making sure they don’t go hungry.”
“Oh, don’t get me wrong.  I was Hell on wheels, man.  I skipped school, chased skirt—” he freezes, cursing himself for bringing
I'm on track for posting every two weeks on Monday.  If I get a little bit further ahead, I'll go weekly.
Cas is restless after hours of watching the brothers orbit each other like planets.  He’s pretending to read his book.  He’s fairly certain Dean is pretending, too.
Dean looks at him for too long, thinking how really incredibly handsome the guy is.  Was.  Is.  He shakes himself and grabs the steak dinner from the counter, throws out the other container and tries to get a hold of himself.
When Cas doesn’t respond, Dean opens his eyes.  Cas stands ramrod straight and looks down at the shoe rack in the hallway.
Dean wipes a hand over his face.  “Sorry, man.  I’m sorry.  He’s just...I never…”  He sighs.  Long and heavy and full of years and memories Cas knows he’s been trying to leave behind.
“Grab me some blankets,” Dean says, voice steady and emotionless.  “He’s in shock, just need to find the wound.”
“C’mon,” Sam pulls him back up the bed and fights to pull the covers out from under him.  Finally, after he’s twisted and been rolled into various configurations, Sam is pulling the covers up over him.
He has the sinking feeling that any objection he provides will be dismissed in her demure piranha manner.  “Yeah, that sounds great.”
“Okay,” he tells himself softly.  His hands are still shaking.  “You can do this.  It was some kid playing a prank.  It was just some stupid kid, and you should have beat his ass, but it’s gonna be fine.  You’re gonna go back there and kick him out and do the walk through like the god-damned adult that you are.”
Sam is packing up their duffels and Dean is closing up the coffee they brought from home, so Cas checks under the beds and in the drawers to make sure they don’t leave anything behind.
He feels Dean stiffen and then slowly, slowly relax again.  His hands fall from Cas’s waist and Cas wonders if he pushed too far.
The food smells amazing when he pulls up across from the house.  He grabs the bag while he waits for Cas.  He’s torn between what to open first.  It feels rude to eat food in front of someone.  Especially if it’s something they’d like, like the bourbon steak.
"'Course I'll be okay," he grunts, pulling out the annoyed act. "If anything I'll be jealous. Bobby's bird could use a little work."
Castiel's smiling warmly over his wine glass, and Dean's stomach is churning with uncertainty, but he keeps his mind focused on the same-old, same-old discussion of his students.
This year, he's in the kitchen a couple days into the month, and he glances at the calendar, and he remembers--oh yeah. His birthday. This year is different, maybe; this year there's time to stop and celebrate, take stock, make memories, whatever.
He doesn't know what to do with the look on Castiel's face. It's all uncertain, flustered surprise, and he isn't exactly sure what's causing that mixture of emotions, except that he's glad to be witnessing it.
It's funny; no one's actually thought to ask Dean that until now, but leave it to Charlie to find all the plotholes. He stiffens, his hand creeping around his arm, holding on as he lets himself go back to that moment. Usually, he's running away from it.
One corner of Cas's mouth turns up in a smile. "I... do have a cabin where I've been spending some time, and I've started an apiary -- "
Castiel presses his lips together, and his hand slides up to cover the scar on Dean’s shoulder. “I should’ve been able to heal Sam.”
Talking about what happened with Bobby would lead to talking about what might happen with Sam; it would lead to talking about this thing between them, which is clearly a solid thing, clearly a
Except when Dean drags Castiel to that hooker and drops him in her lap, he doesn’t have many forceful arguments, and half of Dean’s giddiness when they walk out that joint is from the knowledge that maybe angels aren’t all that chaste after all.
with a desperation he isn't quite expecting; it'd knock him breathless too, if he wasn't already a little, if he wasn't concentrating too hard on the slide of Castiel's cock over his tongue. Castiel moans through his orgasm loud enough that Dean hopes his neighbors hear -- the ones that have loud, annoying sex on the squeakiest bed ever made at 8 in the morning -- and then he relaxes, a dead weight in Dean's bed.
There’s a hand on his shoulder, like Chris has interpreted Dean’s silence, but Dean jerks away and backs up, his eyes wide and accusing.
They buy their tickets and shuffle through the main gates, where they pause to get their bearings, decide what they should check out first. They’d ask Castiel, but at this point, they know he wouldn’t say anything; he’d just shrug and stare moodily off into the distance, and Dean or Sam would have to make the decision for him.
"Is the reason you vehemently wish away my existence whenever you speak with your brother solely because I'm male, or do you also think he'll take a violent dislike to me?"
didn't you -- Why didn't you come home?" Dean's fumbling over his words, over his anger, over something else that Castiel knows is a sense of betrayed loyalty. Castiel is family, regardless of the nature of the bond, and Castiel did not come home.
"That is what I called it, yes. Do you disagree with my word choice?" His eyes narrow and there's nothing very professor-ly about the question.
"Sure," Dean says, mostly, trying for easy and nonchalant but only sorta managing to slap a veneer on top of what he actually sounds like. "You, uh. Been in this business long?"
Dean's numb by the time he makes it to the hallway, except for his hand, still warm from Cas's touch.
? "All I'd remember is the adrenaline and fear of tripping over my own feet. I'd much rather do a worksheet."
Kevin is laughing now too as Dean scowls at his supposed friends. That's when he spots Cas coming up the sidewalk; he must've missed his car pull in when he was busy being Calm and then Betrayed.
Dean nods, like that's settled, but really, now he has no idea what to do. Should he kiss Cas? Does he want to kiss Cas? That's maybe a silly question, considering, but the honest truth is that the thought has never occurred to Dean. Instead, he clears his throat, and goes to pull his hand away, but Cas is reluctant to let go. Fondness seizes Dean's chest, taking the place of the anxiety that had been there before, and he smiles at Cas.
There's silence again, and Dean slips back into concentrating on his differential diagnosis of the engine. He definitely does not compare himself to House as he digs out something he hoped he wouldn't have to use and starts testing the connection between the battery and the alternator. Castiel seems to be watching intently; Dean's awareness of Castiel's hovering drifts in and out, and the silence remains unbroken until Dean grunts his success.
He's forgiven his dad for a lot, moved on, but sometimes those old wounds sneak up on you, just for old time's sake, he guesses. He was thinking about some hunt he and his dad had been on, and Dean was young--honestly had no business being there. They were canvassing the apartment building, looking for the ghostly ground zero. A guy answered the door, and Dean hadn't ever seen a guy like that, not in real life, maybe on the TV, usually the butt of a joke. John couldn't tell at the time, but Dean was fascinated, and Dean himself couldn't quite put it into words, but he just didn't know that a guy could
He doesn't look at Dean as he heads inside, and Dean has to walk a little faster to catch up to him where he's stopped in front of some display, pictures and trophies, whatever, but Dean can't see anything other than Cas.
. The time is now. Everyone would be happy for you," she adds, trying to catch his eye again, trying to find the root of whatever it is that has Dean still sitting here, frozen. "Seriously. And if not, I'll punch 'em."
He drops the hands from his eyes so that he can look over at him, stretched out in Dean's bed. Castiel is such a weird mix of put-together and scattered, that sort of absent-minded professor that Dean's always found a little amusing because it means Castiel's hair is always a fucking mess, but his handwriting is neat and cramped and he's probably the best goddamn teacher Dean's ever met.
" Cas repeats, his gaze even harder now, another snap of electricity in the air. "If I told you I was losing my grace, what would you do? Move me in here to 'take care of me', and then ignore me except for when you take me to your bed?" Cas lifts an eyebrow, challenging. "Or would you kick me out again, and then come by when it was convenient for you?"
"No one's going to question your masculinity, Dean. You could beat up just about everyone in this department." She checks over her printouts and starts for the door, but she stops before she gets there and turns around. "Except me."
They're breathless by the time they break apart, Cas's hand still on his face, and Dean sinks forward, letting his forehead rest against Cas's, letting himself just be here, in this moment, waiting for the uncertainty to die down. At this point, Dean's aware of what he wants, of where and how his feelings lay, and he knows one or the other of them is going to have to make a move. Maybe this is all tonight should be; maybe Dean should let it rest here, let it build slowly, but maybe it's time too for Dean to take a chance, let Cas make the call.
The sound of the shotgun blast from somewhere behind him is sweet, sweet music to his ears, and the ghost vanishes, giving Dean time to roll onto his back and try to sit up. Strong hands grab him by the upper arms and help him up, supporting his weight effortlessly. He doesn’t need to even see the hands to know that they don’t belong to Sam.
Somehow he doesn't manage to leave Castiel's house until it's getting dark. He probably would've stayed if it didn't feel too ridiculous, too
It's a very regular Thursday afternoon, and Dean's going to buy some things to start exploring a new area of his life, and he's, maybe, a little, excited. Nervous, too, and it all jangles around inside of him, making him itchy and jumpy and twitchy in a way that's got him feeling almost drunk.
"Mm, sometime after our first make-out session on your couch." He ducks his head, fiddles with the cap of the lube, until Castiel takes it from him and opens it with a suspicious ease.
"Mm, your sex voice?" He kisses down Castiel's throat, sweeps his tongue briefly over his Adam's apple, and he watches it bob as Castiel swallows down what Dean's sure would've been a very un-cool whimper.
He drives home with an antsy, frustrated kind of warmth rolling through him that leaves him anxious for something but still somehow happy about everything. It kind of sucks in the way that new infatuations suck because he can't just plaster himself to Castiel's side, preferably with his tongue down Castiel's throat, at all hours of the day. So when he lies awake for an hour because he's too distracted by the smell of Castiel that's somehow clinging to him -- seriously, is it in his hair? -- he blames it on sexual frustration and not on a faint, throbbing, halfway-anxious ache settling into his gut.
And that's how the Sex Education of Dean Winchester starts: on accident and sexily. He'd walked in here expecting maybe to make some polite conversation and buy some toys, but instead, Castiel asks him questions, point-blank and matter-of-fact, watching as Dean stumbles through his answers.
"I actually never liked that game," Castiel admits, the corner of his mouth twisted into a half-smile. "I fear you wouldn't have liked me as a student."
But things have been quiet for a while now, Jack up in heaven, Sam and Eileen splitting their time between the bunker and traveling, and Dean and Cas scratching days off the calendar like that's all that's on the to-do list. It'd been scary at first, he isn't going to lie, but he doesn't think anyone would've thought anything different about how Dean would feel about pulling Cas into his life after all this time and putting a name to this thing, to live
Whatever Sam says next, Dean barely even pays attention to it; blah blah Jess, blah blah exams, something like that, but what Dean mostly notices is Castiel studiously looking away, a frown tugging at his mouth, and he very primly unrolls the napkin from his silverware and lays it in his lap.
"That's a good book," Cas says, and he's watching Dean as he does it. He reaches past him, his body close enough that Dean feels the heat of him but doesn't actually feel him, and he picks the book up off the shelf. "If this interests you," he starts, then holds the book out to him, "I have a few other recommendations."
Every time that Sam and Eileen have him over, and he watches them move in and out of each other's space, hands on shoulders and shared, secret smiles, Dean is at once a teenager, sitting on a bed watching a friendship try to become something else but failing, and an adult, a grown man, who's seen enough pain and endings of the world to last a second or third lifetime, and he has to wonder: what was it all for? Was it just so that Dean could sit here, hollow and empty, and watch Sam have the life he's always wanted? Was that all that Dean ever wanted for himself, or was that what his dad wanted for him?
Castiel nods and starts gathering up his stuff, and he turns another smile onto Dean. "Good luck filling the time." And then he's out the door, and Dean's stomach clenches in a knot of sick anxiety entirely unrelated to the reading list.
He drinks his wine to punctuate his statement, but somehow he and Castiel are still staring at each other, even as Castiel sits back and picks up his own glass, bringing it to his lips.
“You knew?” He isn’t sure what he’s referring to specifically, whether it’s that he and Castiel have been doing this dance for a couple weeks, or whether it’s that he and Castiel have been gearing up for this dance since the word go. Either one is numbing.
Dean's coming out of his office, bag over his shoulder, when he glances up at the sound of approaching footsteps. Castiel smiles warmly in greeting, and Dean gives one right back, even though he's definitely not doing any of this flirty thing, nope. He's just being polite.
Feeling self-conscious, fidgety, and strangely understood, Dean flicks his eyes to Cas to find him smiling warmly at Sam, at Dean, and then Dean wipes at his face with his hand.
a grad teacher because Dean doubts he could sit through three months of looking into those eyes and being expected to take notes on anything other than how blue they are.
"Oh, we're trucking along; we've been around for ages. It's my dad's business, was my grandad's before that. I've been mowing grass since I was strong enough to push the thing."
It turns out that the mess Castiel calls his hair is good for gripping, as Dean's fingers find out; they slide in and find purchase, and Castiel groans around Dean's cock, which makes his breath hitch. They're a tangle of cause-and-effect; Castiel's mouth slides off and he tongues at the slit instead, and Dean's hips twitch, and so Castiel grips them tighter, his fingers digging in. It's really, horribly wrong that Dean's last near-conscious thought is that this is like some sick, perverted porno of
This time the kiss is sensual, powerfully so, more powerfully than he would’ve expected from a virginal angel, but then Castiel has proved himself to be pretty passionate, hasn’t he? They spare a few minutes on open-mouthed kisses, learning each other’s movements, testing each other’s reactions. When Castiel slides his hand against Dean’s neck is when Dean decides to steal his tongue between Castiel’s lips, and after that, there’s no more room for taking notes.
Somehow, the topic changes. Life goes on. Bobby talks about how Rufus and Aretha shacked up; Sam gives Dean another out of body experience by talking about his son's fifteenth birthday and how he got caught making out with his girlfriend behind the bleachers, and Sam struggled to keep a straight face in the principal's office.
"Listen, I... I..." He squeezes his eyes shut, but then seems to make a decision, and he finds Castiel again, steps in closer still. "You changed me too. Okay? You did. I -- Remember when -- Remember way back, when we were going to summon Raphael?"
Dean's lunch group isn't so bad; it's Benny and Charlie, of course, and Kevin, the new Latin teacher who was an emergency hire after the last one had a heart attack and is out of commission for the year. He's utterly, adorably clueless, and he's been an interesting addition to their lunch crew. And Garth, sometimes, who talks a
"What about it? You just dropped that in my lap, Cas." Probably he should've planned a speech, but while Dean is typically prepared for many things, an emotional conversation is rarely one of them.
"It's weird, you know. Different." He adjusts his arm, and Cas's eyes fall to it, but he knows he didn't have to clarify; he knows Cas knows what he means. "It's like--I felt things, you know, with it, but it was like... stumbling around in the dark, thinking I knew where I was headed, what I was bumping into, but only really guessing."
It's like his heart stutters over that thought, and Dean has to swallow a few times to remember what he's doing. His hands are on Cas's sides, fingers tracing over his ribs, and maybe it's his turn to marvel a little that this thing, this otherworldly creature, could look so
The sun is bright and warm, and the bees buzz merrily around Cas as he steps carefully from hive to hive, checking on the colony, harvesting honey. He did manage to drag Dean in to help him briefly, and it was pretty cool to have the bees bumping into him and careening away again, looking like drunk little puffballs with wings, but this is more Cas's thing than Dean's, and eventually he drifted back to where he left his beer. Besides, it's better from a distance, he thinks, to see Cas with bees crawling on him, gently waving them away from his face as he studiously tends to them.
Smiling, Dean slips one headphone in and looks back at his paper, trying to drag back thoughts about rebel soldiers and defenestration (which is totally his new favorite word), but the words just aren't coming. With a sigh, he looks back at Castiel, who's leaning against the counter, bowl balanced in his hand.
"Dean, you're my brother. Of course I'm okay with this." He sets his fork down and looks up, and the relief that surged suddenly inside Dean idles. "I hate that you lied to me about it, though. That really hurts. That's more like Dad, you know, all the lies and the secrets." His eyes aren't soft anymore, and that's what's alarming.
"My dad taught me some," Dean hedges. "The rest I learned at the garage I worked at during high school. That's where I learned Spanish, and that's why my first Spanish class in school totally kicked my ass. Suddenly I couldn't say
"No, I mean..." He trails off because he can't articulate what he means, and somehow, Cas pieces it together because he's touching Dean's cheek.
He knows Cas is in the doorway behind him before he says anything, but Dean doesn't turn around. He needlessly shakes the skillet around just to put some noise between them, to alleviate some of the pressure of Cas's silence as he waits--waits for something.
and up again at Castiel, feeling his features go slack but unable to really do much about it. Once his mind catches up, it doesn't even register as important that he ought to fix his expression into something more respectable. He pushes a small pile of books out of his way and pulls Castiel into an enthusiastic kiss that breaks with a playfully wet sound.
Castiel laughs, and it's Dean's favorite kind, where Castiel bursts into a fit of amusement like a sneeze, like he hadn't seen it coming and is totally unable to stop it. That kind passes quickly, but it always leaves Castiel's eyes sparkling, and he leans over to steal a kiss.
"Well?" Dean gives up on waiting for Cas to say something. Cas still doesn't look up and instead picks up his fork.
"He is." Cas is keeping it practically monosyllabic, and he starts examining his menu in great detail. He does not look at Dean.
There's a definite gentleness to Sam's voice there, and Dean can't decide if it makes all this better or worse.
"Uh, nothing." Dean shuffles his bag onto his shoulder and closes his hand around his keys. "I'm on the way out the door, though. What do you need, Sam?"
It's only for a second -- just one second of his gaze settling on Dean --  and it's like being plunged in a lake that's twenty below; it's like needles on every available inch of his skin, and he's still tingling with it as Castiel zips shut his suitcase and leaves. The sound of the door sliding over Dean's too-thick carpet is far too subdued for the reality of Castiel's exit, but the air in the room ripples anyway, even at the absence of sound.
Apparently, that’s all he needed to set Castiel off, and he falls on Dean, clenching his fists in Dean’s shirt, hovering over him on the bed. Dean’s adrenaline does double time, his heart racing in his chest, and all he can really see, beyond how
Castiel uses that to draw himself up, and he falls on Dean, noses at his neck and nips at his earlobe. He ruts against Dean, his cock sliding in the space between his hip and his thigh, and he makes a noise -- eager, impatient -- as he draws Dean's hand to his cock. The eagerness is what reaches through Dean's post-orgasmic bliss and rattles him enough to make him pay attention, and he laughs as he skirts his fingers up the length of Castiel's cock.
Then there's a jab of fingers against his ribs and more throaty laughter, swallowed up by kisses, drawn-out and playful, but there's a stillness washing over them that draws them to a stop. Dean leans his forehead against Castiel's shoulder, closes his eyes at the fingers that start to thread through his hair, and he's half anticipating what Castiel's going to say before he says it.
"A Biblical one. His mom's kind of a Bible scholar." Dean hadn't actually thought about Castiel having a weirdass name, and the Bible is sort of the farthest place from where he wants this conversation to go. He picks at his turkey, swirling a bite around in gravy longer than strictly necessary before he lifts it to his mouth. Bobby stops eating, and his fork clinks on his plate.
"Oh, no. You're totally right. This date's going way south. I should leave before I embarrass myself." He just barely sees Castiel start to smile before he kisses him, but Castiel lays his hands on Dean's shoulders and squeezes, pushing him back.
But then again, he can't run into Castiel in the hallway of his apartment, and Dean's on his way to do that before settling in for some office hour boredom. If he has to be here, he's going to make the most of it.
. The only thing that’s going right is that Dean’s making a very effective distraction because the ghost is totally intent on tipping him into the wood chipper.
There's a pause, during which he hears Garth start some kind of baby's toy, the music faint in the background, and then there's the click of a door.
"Dean, I recognize this is a difficult process for you. I respect that, but right now I'm still angry with you. I'm still
"No. No, I'm good." He picks his arm up and drapes it over Cas, who takes the invitation to lean heavier against him, and Dean wonders if he'll be falling asleep again sometime soon.
or whatever. He doesn't have a lot of time to think, though, not around his cock burying itself in Castiel's body; Castiel breaks away to exhale, his fingers stroking up Dean's back. Dean's shaking with the effort to hold back, to make sure everything's good, that Castiel is good, but he can't get himself to form the words to check either.
They lay like that for a few moments. A car rolls by, the tires a gentle sound as they roll over the pavement, and the silence stretches out just long enough for Dean to feel something past the adrenaline, just long enough for the anxiety, for the panic, for the fear to creep in and remind him of what it is that he's doing, who he's doing it with, and just who's going to get hurt at the end of it all.
"You just want to have a sleepover with me?" Dean teases, but secretly he's glad because he wouldn't want it like this, and maybe that's girly of him to think, but it just doesn't feel...
Sam’s half annoyed, half laughing, and as Dean starts to cheer wildly for his pig, rousing the enthusiasm around him, Dean thinks he sees half a smile on Castiel’s face. Just a small one, more like an angel one, where only the corners of his mouth are affected.
"Sure," he says quickly, but Sam doesn't get out of his way, and Dean looks up, feigning frustration that dissipates when Sam's hand lands on his shoulder. He really hasn't been interfering much, and Dean's been ignoring that sometimes it feels like he's treating him with kid gloves. This is another of those times, and Dean tries to brush past it, but Sam doesn't let him.
Dean grabs a soda from his stash under his desk and then -- then, he pulls his wallet out and slides his ring on. Truly, he feels kind of stupid wearing an engagement ring, but Cas is wearing his; they agreed to get something engraved once they actually Do The Thing, to make the rings more "wedding" and less "engagement," and anyway, whenever they talk about Doing The Thing, neither one of them really has any grand plans. The pandemic has actually been a great excuse to talk about just running off, finding some mountain somewhere and spending the day together. That also means that the ceremony is largely... well, ceremonial, and what's the difference between a piece of paper telling him he's married now, and the life he and Cas are living already?
“You ought to be more careful,” Castiel starts, but Dean barely lets him finish, raising a hand to cut him off. This time he see the ghost over Castiel’s shoulder, and he nudges him out of the way, shooting him into a wispy haze; he turns his attention back to Castiel, a nerve in his jaw twitching. Castiel hasn’t spoken to him in a
Dinner is filled with awkward silences in between explanations of the rescue, the particulars of which are expectedly unrealistic, expectedly full of classic Winchester loyal stupidity, the kind for which the brothers have become famous. Sam knows something is delicate here, but Sam also knows the need to have a life apart. He's clearly still evaluating why Castiel is here, why he didn't call, and isn't yet ready to ask, isn't yet ready to disturb Castiel's world too much.
Oh. Yeah. Dean rolls over to reach the cord, and then Cas is behind him, his body warm and his skin soft, and his arm is over Dean's waist. Shakily, he pulls his arm back, settles back onto the bed, rests his head on the pillow. Cas holds him tighter, and it's Dean's turn to have a nose in his hair, breath puffing warm and steady against the back of his neck.
"Did you learn that one from the pizza man?" he fumbles, scrambling to regain some kind of sense of mind because he shouldn't be the one losing his mind on the bed here; that's supposed to be Cas. Right?
Dean squirms, but his eyes flick to the window. It's late. He didn't have a plan B. He's comfortable, and it's Cas-- He quickly cuts his thoughts off.
"I told myself a long time ago," he stops, feeling Charlie's eyes on him, "that I was done with that. I couldn't
He thinks of the anxiety that's forced him to keep the ring in his pocket. Well, that's forced him into therapy, into medicine, into a long and continuous conversation with himself about what is and isn't going to be okay, about which toe he'll step out of the closet today, about who gets to know about this, the best part of his life, and under what circumstances.
It's not about Cas. Dean could drop out and still live here with Cas. It's not about being dumb; he could cut his losses, accept the MA as the only goal he'd ever really had his sights on anyway, and leave. No, he's here because he wants to be. He doesn't like the stress, and he sure as hell hates the glimpses of academic politics he's been getting, but he likes what he's studying. He likes teaching. He can see himself doing this. If he got this far, he can keep going, and he doesn't have to be miserable doing it.
But Cas shushes him with a hard kiss and a hand on Dean's thigh, heat radiating through the fabric as it slides higher.
"Dean? Everything okay?" he asks, because why would Dean be calling if it wasn't for a case? Because why would Dean give himself space and room to just... talk to someone?
aren't. We fought to live, and now we have the chance to figure things out for ourselves, finally." He pauses, evaluating, his expression still hard. "Does Cas even know how you feel?"
Maybe Cas senses it when Dean's hand hesitates, then slides up his thigh to rest at his hip, but stops there, because Cas puts a steadying hand on his chest.
In one fluid motion, Dean is on top of him, kissing him again, and this time when their bodies fit together, there's a current that travels up Dean's body and back down again, pooling low, and he feels Cas feel it too because suddenly his mouth--up until now content to be led--becomes fiercer, hungrier, and his hand tugs at Dean's hair.
Luckily, of all the teachers left in the building -- Becky, the weird English teacher; Kevin, the nice but naive and very young, new, and slightly clueless Latin teacher; Naomi, the probable Trump supporter -- Charlie was an acceptable halfway-out-the-door conversation.
"Okay, sure." He holds Cas propped up with one arm while he pulls the blankets down on his bed, and then he sits him down and almost leaves him there, but then he thinks better of it and stoops to untie his shoes.
Dean watches him go and isn't sure how he managed to make Castiel's life worse by offering free at-home car service, but he isn't about to flake out now. One, he misses cars, and two, the opportunity to see Castiel's house is far too tempting. He can't really figure out why, but he's feeling a Sam-shaped absence, and Castiel doesn't really fill it -- but standing around getting grease under his nails, telling Castiel to hand him this or that? Yeah, that could help.
"No--Cas, really." Dean opens his mouth, closes it again, feels a fist tighten in his chest. "It's not like I was around to patch you up after I saw you last."
Sam and Jack tried to comfort him, but Dean just sat on the floor, staring at the wall where he'd lost Cas, where he'd tried to follow him, where he'd failed.
"Little Brothers' Revenge?" Dean offers, and though a weight doesn't lift, it at least re-balances on his shoulders, becomes a little easier to bear.
When Dean does pull away, it's only briefly, and then their mouths are joined together again, but Dean pulls away quicker this time, as if he's only just realizing that he actually does need to breathe. Castiel watches him, fascinated, disbelieving, and he's reminded again of those early days when Dean would continue to surprise him, to draw things out of Castiel that he didn't even know he was capable of.
Pressing his lips together, he makes up his mind, and he nods, looking down at his hands. “Yeah,” he says roughly, “yeah. I get that.”
He tosses his computer in his bag, not that he expects to be cracking it open this weekend; it's more for appearances. He shuts down the screen behind him, pops his mask back on, and heads down the hall. He's leaving a bit earlier than he usually does; he actually is staying later these days in an effort to finish working before he gets home because Cas has an afternoon class. The nice thing about staying later is that he doesn't have to run into anyone. As it is now, as he's heading down the hall, he has to nod to a few other teachers and dodge conversation.
There's warning in Castiel's voice, and -- okay. Context clues. Dean's not the most observant guy in the world when it comes to real people, but he analyzes literature often enough, and he can read this situation. He casts an appraising look over Castiel, rolling around the words
"Here you go. Castiel, I couldn't believe it when I read the news. Do you really own that sex shop? What happened to, you know, all the church stuff?"
Dean can't help but feel a selfish satisfaction in that. Yes, of course, Cas deserves that, but Dean thinks he hears something in there about how that means Cas is going to make time for him.
"It means that you're being ridiculous." Castiel sounds tired, and his eyes are hollow as he holds his hands out. "That you're being the coward you told me not to be."
In front of Jo, Cas joins in on the joke, but when they're alone, Cas reminds Dean that he got this far because he's smart. He's had a lot of people tell him that along the way; Bobby, some of his professors back at his community college, some at his four-year college, but Dean always understood it as the "smart for who you are." Smart for some kid who worked more than he went to high school, unexpectedly smart compared to everyone's expectations of him.
It isn't much, but Dean chuckles and presses his hands to his face, taking a deep breath. Okay. Porn, beer, then bed. Fuck the compositions.
"No problem. I'm a big brother too; I know how we operate." Dean's phone buzzes in his hand, and he opens Castiel's texts.
Or he’d thought it had been fair, but, well. Dean had been struggling with his jeans for a little while now, and they’d been leaving deep red marks in his skin, but he’d figured his weight would level out, so he hadn’t bothered buying new ones; after all, he’d just bought these a few months ago. Today, his pants seemed to have a different idea.
“I guess,” Dean said, resigned, as he gnawed unhappily on a fry. “But you’re coming with me to buy new pants tomorrow.”
He’d heard that safety pins could help in a pinch, but a quick scan of his room revealed exactly what he suspected - he didn’t own safety pins. And he doubted that Cas or Sam had any either. So Dean prayed to a god he knew wasn’t home and tugged the waistband a little lower, let his little belly push over it, and managed to button his jeans without much of a struggle. It was uncomfortable as hell, but he could deal.
That means he's at least twenty-two, Dean's brain helpfully supplied. Less than a twenty year age difference.
"Dumbass," he muttered, shoving at Dean's gut. Dean grunted, his stomach rocking atop his lap at the push. "I can literally
Cas tore his eyes away from Dean's gut and grabbed the waistband of Dean's slacks, even as he said, "I don't think this will work, Dean." The pants were already painted on, tight enough to show off the cellulite on Dean's thighs.
“Think I might need to lay off the beer,” Dean joked, giving his gut a fond pat. “I’m gonna have to go clothes shopping soon.”
He grunted a curse at Sam, as the slap had caused his overly-full gut to jiggle madly, and picked up the receipt to leave an 80% tip. It was then that he noticed the white box sitting next to the folder. Curious, he said to Sam, "I didn't know we had any leftovers. You get something to go?"
, what a loser. And Sam's eyes were gonna fly out of his head if he kept rolling them so often. When his belly gave a huge groan, Dean immediately started shoveling food into his mouth as fast as he could. His gut demanded it.
Come to think of it, they hadn’t actually been on a date in almost six months. “Let’s go out tomorrow,” Cas said.
But when Cas began eating his last piece, he started to change his mind. He could feel his stomach straining against his belt, could feel it tossing and turning unhappily, and it wasn't fun. Cas managed to get halfway through the slice before he had to stop, dropping his hands to his stomach and groaning. "Can't finish," he managed to get out.
"Sammy, my shirt's just gonna roll up again if I try to stretch it back down. Why don't you try an' make yourself useful instead? Do me a favor and pull," he said, reaching out towards Sam with a pudgy hand. He still wore his favorite ring, Sam noticed, but it was so tight that it looked to be cutting off his circulation.
Cain started to rub Dean’s belly again as soon as he began to drink, this time with both hands. Dean kind of missed the tongue action, but the positioning was awkward, and to be honest he probably would have started choking if Cain tried to play with his nipples while he was drinking.
Then he went back to work and Dean choked again, on the verge of getting whiplash from how fast his night was moving. There was probably irony somewhere in the fact that Dean seemed to have picked up a slightly older, more polite version of the kids who hit on him every night, but he was too strung out to care right now. Hell, he understood liking a bit of cushion for the pushin' - in fact, he was pretty hot for the little belly Cas was sporting - but Cas was really getting into it. Teeth nipped at Dean's stomach and he buried his face in it like it was a big, squishy pillow, and Dean could hear Cas's low, muffled moans from up here.
Castiel kept up this attitude for the next few weeks, but when his pants began to tighten again, he started to worry. Filling out to a healthy weight was one thing, but his belt was on the last hole, and it was
After that, Dean became Benny's unofficial taste-tester and garbage disposal. He'd taste whatever new recipe Benny was trying out, give him feedback, and then eat the leftovers. He started ordering less sweets while he was there, and though Benny had to be losing money over this whole ordeal, he didn't seem to mind. He didn't mind so much that he even wrote his cell number on a napkin for Dean two weeks into their little partnership.
Because a nervous Dean equaled a hungry Dean, he chugged two large hot chocolates and plowed through four hot dogs when they took a break for lunch. He begged off ice skating for several minutes afterwards, his stomach gurgling unhappily, and he and Cole made somewhat stilted conversation. They hadn’t seen each other in a while, but the little spark they’d once had was almost completely gone, and it was damn awkward. It made Dean uncomfortable as hell. His tight coat wasn’t exactly helping matters, he could feel his jeans button digging into the underside of his belly, and he was moderately certain that he’d lost a shirt button somewhere along the way.
They'd been roommates freshman year, and Cas remembered how skinny Dean had been. Thirty inch waist, washboard abs, toned legs, body sculpted from four years of varsity sports... well, needless to say, Dean's athletic frame hadn't even lasted a month. His metabolism had given out
Cas made a hopeful noise, his hands working at his stomach in an attempt to ease the pain. He was making up for eighteen years of sugar deprivation, eighteen years of living under his parents' roof. He didn't resent his parents, not really; he just knew that they were wrong about food (or hoped they were, at least). And, if Cas ended up in Hell, at least Dean would be there with him.
No way was he going to the gym looking like this. What if he saw someone he knew, someone from work? There was no hiding his weight gain in these clothes, and then the whole office would start gossiping again, and Dean’s image would take a blow. And since he was hoping for another promotion soon, that was not something that could happen.
orgasmic, and Dean laid there, staring at the ceiling, one sticky hand still down his pants, the other resting on his belly.
God, Dean never would've thought that he'd ever get this big. Back before getting ownership of the garage a little over a year and a half ago, his 300 pound self had never even imagined cresting 500 pounds. The pounds had piled on fast, and now Dean regularly fantasized about hitting the next big number. 550, 600, maybe more... Actually, 550 couldn't be too far off.
It wasn’t until Dean felt a strawberry at his lips that he realized one of Cain’s hands had gone AWOL, and that this whole thing was his way of taking Dean’s mind off his full-to-bursting stomach. To be fair, it seemed to be working, as Dean opened his lips without a thought. It was a little hard to think with his boyfriend’s mouth glued to his chest, after all.
A change in lifestyle has provided Dean with ample time, ample food, and a more than ample frame. Maybe Dean isn’t dating his boyfriend for his money, but it sure as hell doesn’t hurt.
They grabbed some bigger underwear and were on the way to the checkout when Cas noticed Dean eyeing the women's lingerie. He didn't say anything, but it gave him an idea for Dean's birthday present, and when they got back to Dean's house, he placed a custom order on a women's clothing site.
The belly rub paused not long after. Dean cracked one eye open and frowned, tightening his hand around Cain’s hair to emphasize his displeasure. “What gives,” he grunted.
Cas followed Dean readily, closing the door behind him. He stripped off his button down and Dean's breath caught as a strong chest, lean but muscular arms, and delightfully pudgy stomach were revealed. Then Cas reached towards Dean and guided his thick arms out of the holes in the vest, squeezing his biceps as he whispered, "These arms look like they could tear me apart, Dean."
“Thank you,” he said. He’d learned long ago that it was best to simply allow Dean to help him. Not to mention the fact that Dean’s help was becoming more and more necessary the bigger Cas got, and he honestly wasn’t sure if he could’ve picked the napkin up himself.
The next day, he got two sizes up in his usual brand of slacks — thirty-eights instead of his usual thirty-fours, just to be sure they’d fit, not because the thirty-sixes had been a little snug around his middle, definitely not. Dean felt a lot better once he could pull the waistband of his pants over his pudge again. And if they also hid the love handles he’d noticed growing at his sides, well, that was his business.
Dean cleared his throat and looked around the bar, anxious to find another customer. He, a grownass adult, was seriously considering jumping the young, gorgeous dude across from him, and that wouldn't do. He needed a distraction. Sadly, the club closed in fifteen minutes, and most other customers had cleared out. The only people left besides Cas, and a few others still dancing, were drunk enough that Dean had cut them off hours ago. He was out of options.
“You know,” Castiel pointed out, “you didn’t exactly have to eat everything I gave you, at your house or the diner.”
, Dean thought as he ran his fingers along the angry-looking marks creased into his stomach. He tried to take a deep breath, but anything beyond breathy little pants was painful, required too much of his stomach. Frustrated, Dean sat down on the toilet lid with his big, bloated belly between his thighs.
Cas felt Dean's guiding arm around his waist as they slowly trekked back to their room, and when his hand squeezed a roll at his side, Cas felt a surge of heat go through him that definitely wasn't from the alcohol. He took a hand away from where it was attempting to hold his stomach steady and snuck it around Dean's waist to do the same, relishing in the sharp intake of Dean's breath and the softness of his love handle as he grabbed at it. Castiel would never do this sober, but currently his parents' words had fled from his head and he really just wanted to know if Dean was as soft and cuddly as he looked.
"Nothing," Cas covered quickly, ignoring Dean's suspicious glare. "But if you knew, why didn't you say anything?"
He whimpered as Cas leaned forward to suck a nipple into his mouth, biting down gently. Dean reached up and threaded his fingers through Cas's hair, panting as he said, "Fuck, baby, right there."
Dean. "It's cool, man. It's- it's totally fine, don't worry about it. Happens all the time." Normally Dean would have tried to keep up his gruff, tough guy facade, but something about this dude made him short circuit a bit.
“Are you hot? Feel like I’m in a damn sauna,” Dean finally managed to get out, his longest contribution so far. He kept dabbing at his face with a napkin, sweat almost dripping down his face.
"What does it look like I'm doing?" Dean said, still a little out of breath. "I'm sitting." He was actually pretty proud of himself. He hadn't been able to sit in a booth for months, but now he'd figured it out. Dean liked this place. If all of the tables were this low, he'd be coming here a lot more often. Maybe this would become his new favorite spot to take dates.
And as Dean continued to whisper in his ear, Cas stared into the mirror, looked at his large, soft body, so different from the way it used to be, and thought to himself,
Ignoring Sam's grumbled complaints from across the table, Dean reached under the table and popped the button on his jeans, unzipping them for good measure. His belly wasn't trapped in his jeans at all - oh no, he was way past the stage where he could fit his gut in his pants - but it was still squeezing uncomfortably down there. Partially due to his food binge, partially due to the tent in his pants that had developed over the course of his meal. When the button was popped, Dean gave a loud sigh of relief, his dick and stomach taking up the space they really needed. Sam made an embarrassed noise, but Dean didn't care. He pressed down on his crotch for good measure. Oh
He panted and leaned back, wincing as come and sweat smeared between his thighs and belly. Ignoring how badly he wanted a shower, Dean sighed and settled against the door, saying, "Mm, your turn, baby."
Over the next few weeks, Castiel gained weight at a truly astonishing rate. Instead of going to gym class, he'd sit in the cafeteria for an hour and do homework as he munched on cookies and pastries, the hand not holding a pencil providing a never-ceasing stream of food to his mouth. He'd also been given an elevator key - yes, the school had elevators, but they were reserved for the injured or disabled, and Cas almost wished he'd sprained his ankle sooner. Between no gym, no stairs, extra food, and Dean's doting, Cas found himself with tight pants just two weeks into the semester. His lower belly and hips were really taking the bulk of his new weight, and as a result, Dean had to let out his pants much sooner than usual. In all honesty, Dean let out his pants way more often than necessary, but he always said that he 'didn't want his boyfriend to be uncomfortable,' and Cas wasn't about to complain.
Cain squeezed Dean’s hand and knelt down in front of him. He started unclipping the stocking from the left garter and hummed quietly, tracing the delicate fabric with his thumb. “These are starting to look a little tight,” he said, rubbing the marks left behind by the elastic after rolling everything down Dean’s leg.
After what seemed like an hour, Sam slipped through the cracked door and closed it, locking it behind him. He was still staring at Dean, but the look on his face had changed from stunned to concerned. “Oh my god, are you okay? That looks super painful.”
When Dean made it to the door, he heard Sam mumble, "Not my fault you're too fat to walk at a normal pace," but Dean didn't say anything. Hey, Sam may have been right, but Dean took pride in his ambling pace. Meant that he was getting bigger every day, and if Sam couldn't appreciate that, then he didn't deserve a snappy comeback.
"Shoot," Dean said with a smile. He loved when Benny gave him his undivided attention like this, and he especially loved when it came with a slice of pie.
“You came to the right guy,” Dean said, slice already in hand. “Can’t promise you’ll have any leftovers once I’m done.” He was mostly kidding; his gut was already pretty full, and Dean bet he’d hit his limits after three more slices, but maybe he’d surprise himself.
“Of course. I’ll be right back.” Cas took off like a shot towards the food stands, managing to fill his arms with even more snacks than before. Two pulled pork sandwiches, half a dozen donuts, a caramel apple, a fried chicken basket, three corn dogs, an order of fried pickles, a huge cup of coke, and a full dozen of those fried oreos later, Cas stumbled back to their table. He’d forgotten to get something for himself, but right now that wasn’t as important as feeding his pregnant omega. Dean always came first.
“You’re one to talk,” Dean said with a scowl, and he retracted his arms to fold them in front of his belly self-consciously.
Pushing aside those thoughts, Cas stuffed another Oreo in his mouth and rubbed at where his love handle pushed over his too-tight pants. His pants were suffocatingly small, even when buttoned under his gut, and he was at the very end of his belt, including the holes he'd made himself. He sighed, ashamed that he'd have to ask Dean to let out his pants again - or maybe he should just get new ones at this point - and heard a snap, followed by instant relief.
"Hey, Dean," Sam replied. "Nice of you to finally show up." He wasn't annoyed anymore, not really, but he still had to antagonize his brother. It was practically his job as the younger sibling.
Dean was startled out of his thoughts by an obnoxious voice. Prepared to give another college kid a piece of his mind - or at least let him down easy, if he apologized real fast - Dean spun around to face the bluest eyes he'd ever seen in his life.
It was just a small group playing horror video games, and Dean had managed to sneak up all the extra junk food from the kitchen. "Friends with the chef," he'd said with a wink, and yeah, Cas could believe that - Dean was ridiculously charming. Jo brought the candy, Benny brought the booze, and Cas was feeling rebellious and happy and pleasantly buzzed.
He took off the jacket in the car, and yeah, there was the button. It clattered to the floor and Dean could feel it staring at him as he felt for the hole along his front. He sighed, unbuttoned his jeans, and another popped off.
“Yeah,” he replied, forcing all thoughts of ice skating with Sam and how much better that date might’ve gone out of his head.
Anon named ‘nonny’ requested some fat!Cas, and anon named ‘Oops’ gave me this prompt: “Season 13 AU, after coming back from the dead, Cas is weakened and almost human. Dean takes to spoiling Cas rotten with food while he recovers, and then it's just habit (and Cas realizes how much Dean likes Cas at home and safe so really he's helping Dean by allowing him to feed him up) Cas becomes quite the spoiled couch potato due to all the goodies and Netflix he could ever want. And he may not strictly NEED help moving around yet, but Dean loves helping him anyway, gotta keep his precious angel safe getting off the couch.”
The air outside was only slightly cooler than it was inside, but Dean still shivered. Even the slightest temperature change was jarring in this outfit. Lucky for him, the hot tub was only a few feet away. Dean leaned over to take his stockings off and huffed and puffed, his belly keeping him from reaching them, both because he couldn’t bend enough and because it was smothering the part of his thighs where the stockings ended. “Cain, I need help getting these off.”
Soon enough they were rutting like animals, both fucking Dean's belly as the car shook around them, Dean trying desperately not to think about how weird the whole situation was. Dean's thrusts got more and more erratic, their movements just barely not enough to let him come, and he whined and smashed his lips to Cas's. Cas seemed to take the hint and wriggled his fingers under Dean's gut, a very tight fit. He managed to wrap nimble fingers around Dean's dick, and two tugs and a flick around the head and Dean was gone, shouting as he came hard.
Dean stopped walking and let out an obnoxious moan, startling Castiel out of his thoughts. “Oh yeah, right there,” he said, leaning back into the touch. A passing woman gave them a disgusted look, but they were used to it by this point. Omegas were supposedly meant to be smaller than their alphas, quiet, unobtrusive, and while the world was getting more accepting every day, some people’s delicate sensibilities got offended when a pregnant, obese omega practically shouted out his ecstasy at having his back rubbed in the middle of the Kansas State Fair. To be fair, Dean was very loud.
Finally, it was time for their first game. It was against their rival school, so a lot of people were in the stands, and Cas couldn’t help but feel a little nervous. Logistically, not a lot was riding on this game - it was only the first one, after all - but if they lost, it would really be a blow to the team’s morale.
“My apologies,” Cas said, eager to grant Dean’s wish. He placed a tentative hand on the side of Dean’s stomach, willing himself to calm down. “You’re just so big, so stunning, and it’s difficult to look away sometimes.”
Dean grunted, but the light blush on his cheeks gave away his embarrassment. He moved Cas’s hand to the apex of his gut, an open invitation, and Castiel began to rub in earnest, bringing his other hand up to help. Cas had large hands, but they looked tiny against his omega’s hulking middle.
He kind of looked like an overstuffed sausage or overfilled balloon, like he was poured into these pants and allowed to ooze out wherever they weren’t. He spilled over the waistband in the front, sides, and even the goddamn back, and yeah, the tight jeans probably made him look bigger than he actually was, but. Wow. He had to have gained thirty, forty pounds, and he was man enough to admit that he hadn’t been a twig before that. He was looking seriously chunky.
“I think it’s a little small on me,” Sam said with a laugh, but when he turned to face Dean, his face went slack. “Never mind, I am so glad we switched shirts.”
Dean gulped. Castiel was standing really close now, almost close enough to bump into his belly. There was no way that he... well. “Heh, uh, thanks. You didn’t have to. I’ve been told I should probably lay off the sweets anyways.” He punctuated the statement with a pat to his gut, accidentally brushing against Castiel’s arm with his fingers, and he could feel himself blush.
“Besides,” Dean said with a smirk, snapping Castiel out of his thoughts, “we all know you’re the trophy wife anyway.”
It turned out that Cas needn’t have worried. Only a small handful of players on the other team could even come close to hitting Dean’s pitches, and between that and their own stellar hits, the game ended 5-1 without much nail-biting.
Ignoring the obvious joke in there, Dean gave the adult response. "Bailey's, Kahlúa, and Amaretto with whipped cream."
Forgoing a belt, Cas thundered down the stairs, trying to ignore the uncomfortable pinching in his waist and... other places. He didn't wear underwear anymore - none of his fit - and these pants were not meant to be tugged up this high. But he liked how big it made him feel, liked how it drew attention to the fact that, even with his lower belly contained, Cas's upper belly was still fat enough surge over the waistband and bury his belt loops. God, what was wrong with him?
Though he was panting uncomfortably by the end of his plate, Dean managed to finish all the food. He leaned back in his chair with a groan, and Cas snuck a hand onto Dean’s belly under the table, never pausing in the polite conversation he was having with Mrs. Winchester.
“First of all, you’re not wearing pants.” Dean rolled his eyes. “Second, you and I both know that you most certainly are that kind of boy.”
The feeding started up again, and the strawberries were almost gone when Dean grabbed Cain’s wrist as it came towards his mouth, pausing the berry just inches from his lips. “Gimme,” he struggled to say, “gimme a minute.” He leaned back fully against his seat and heaved out a sigh, his belly gurgling again like it had been earlier. It sat round and proud in his lap, the combination of his earlier stuffing, chocolate-covered berries, and champagne almost too much for it to bear. Even breathing was difficult, both because his stomach seemed to be pressing up against his lungs and because every little movement tired him out. Dean felt like a beached whale.
While Dean was normally correct, Cas's annoyance at his fatass boyfriend currently outweighed his love for said boyfriend's belly. "Yes, but I also like sleep, and it's almost one in the morning. And I'd prefer if you didn't explode."
how angry your stomach is at you-" Dean's belly interrupted with a pitiful gurgle "-and yet you're still sitting there, stuffing your face."
“Probably,” Dean said, swirling his beer around its bottle dejectedly. “It just annoys the hell out of me. After years of dieting, all I get for my troubles is a soft stomach and a double chin.”
Cas’s eyes flickered down to where Dean’s hand rested. He reached out his own hand, ever so slowly, like he was asking permission to touch. “I disagree.”
Dean sniffed. Okay, that was a lot more than he’d expected. “You callin’ me an idiot?” he joked, watery.
The second plate was gone and Dean was already starting to think about seconds when their waiter approached with Sam's salad. He undressed Dean with his eyes as he set Sam's plate down, staring down at Dean's gut as Dean started to ask Sam about refilling his plates. Dean gave the waiter another wink just to see that cute blush again, but otherwise his attention stayed focused on Sam.
There were still two burgers and a rather large brownie on his plate, not to mention a glass of coke. And the rest of the ice cream.
fast: he'd gained the freshman fifteen by October, seventy by May. They'd started dating in January, once they'd finally pulled their heads out of their asses and realized that yes, your roommate likes you, too.
Soon enough, Dean was in the middle of his third slice. He’d meant the cake to last him awhile, but at this rate it wouldn’t last the weekend. He reached down and popped the button on his slacks, the pants constricting even when pulled low — they didn’t button around his stomach anymore, at least not without the shape wear, but so what — and sighed when his belly settled into the space.
And what a middle it was. With his pants shoved down low and his shirt riding up well above his belly button, Dean’s stomach was on full display, round and proud in his lap, the milky skin riddled with freckles and stretch marks and lines from where his waistband had been. Skin pulled taut across its expanse, and Cas massaged gently, trying to soothe the discomfort brought on by eating enough food for five, let alone two.
"I..." Cas started, staring at Dean incredulously. Dean stared back, an eyebrow raised. "I didn't think that you- you knew?"
The phone rang, startling Dean out of his thoughts, and he brushed his hands off on his overalls and picked it up. Dean mourned the loss of the two dozen cookies as he put on his customer service voice and said, “Singer Auto, this is Dean speaking. How can we help you today?”
Keeping one hand on his belly to keep his shirt down, Cas attempted to unwrap a piece of candy single-handed. It didn't go well. "Give it here, genius," Dean sighed, and seconds later there was an unwrapped chocolate in the palm of Cas's hand. Cas mumbled his thanks and shoved the candy in his mouth, making a pleased noise at the way it melted. Before he knew it, another unwrapped candy was in his hand, then in his mouth, and then half the bag was gone, and Castiel whimpered pitifully.
And treat himself he did. He threw on a robe when the delivery guy came and settled at the dinner table with his prize: szechuan chicken, pork lo mein, beef with broccoli, fried rice, four egg rolls, and... three fortune cookies. Apparently the chefs at this restaurant thought three people were about to eat this food. Dean felt his face heat and shoved a giant bite of egg roll in his mouth and god, it was so good.
He told this to Dean excitedly as his boyfriend helped him brace his ankle, slightly loopy on the pain medication the nurse had given him as he swayed lightly on the bed.
Cas felt his face heat up. "At least a little," he replied weakly, and Dean's grin grew wider. "Honestly, I didn't think you'd noticed that you were gaining weight in the first place."
“It’s, uh, it’s a date,” Dean managed to stutter, and he thought he might combust when Sam leaned down and gave him a kiss on the cheek.
was smokin’ hot. He was also more than ten years Dean’s junior, had just gotten his Masters in engineering, and was way out of Dean’s league, so Dean was content to admire from afar, even if he felt a bit like a dirty old man. Yeah, it wasn’t like Dean was that old, but he still felt a little weird about it. Especially since there was no way in hell that Castiel reciprocated Dean’s feelings. He wasn’t lacking in self confidence, but Dean knew that most people didn’t exactly flock to obese forty year-olds who’d been working at the same garage for more than two decades, and he wasn’t about to get his hopes up that Cas would be one of the few who did.
Mary had given Cas a standing invitation to join them for dinner - he’d accidentally revealed that his parents weren’t home much, and that he mostly had to fend for himself when it came to meals - and after some convincing, he became a fixture at their dinner table from that point onward. He’d stuff Dean full of milkshakes and pies and more at the diner, unbeknownst to Mrs. Winchester, and then they’d go back to Dean’s house where Dean would choke down two plates of dinner.
Prompt from one_red_sock: “Any AU or "canon", if you wish. Dean is left home for a month ... at the dorm, in the bunker, wherever ... and he decides to indulge his inner glutton. He eats constantly the whole time, as much as he dares, and he kind of loses track of time. By month's end, he's stuffed to the gills and packed on the pounds. He can barely move when he hears keys in the lock: someone's come home. NOW WHAT? (Your decision who it is returning. And ... GO!)”
, stuffed past full capacity, his bloated, angry stomach pushing out of his shirt and onto his lap insistently, resting between his thighs. It looked like he'd swallowed a beach ball, or like he was pregnant. And overdue. With triplets. Cas's boyfriend looked pretty fat even with an empty belly - that's what going on three years of all-you-can-eat and no self control will do to you - but Dean looked truly massive with a gut full of food.
Since he almost never left the house, Cas had taken to wearing leggings (and only leggings, if you caught his drift). They were stretchy, strong, and cheap, and it didn’t hurt that they clung to every roll and curve he had. His gut hung down low enough that he generally wore the waistband around it, contained his lower belly while the upper portion flopped over top. But right now he was just too full and the pants just too tight, so Cas shoved the leggings down below his stomach and let his gut hang out, put all his pale flab on display.
“Plenty comfortable here,” Dean said around a yawn, but he didn’t protest when he felt Cain shifting him onto his lap. He was full enough that this would have been impossible on land, but the weightlessness of the water let Cain manhandle his significantly larger significant other sideways across his thighs, allowing his thick legs to sprawl across the bench while he leaned against the adjacent side of the hot tub. It also put his belly right where he wanted it, the side of it pressed close to Cain’s torso with the top part peeking out of the water. Then there was the added bonus of being able to feel Cain’s impressive erection digging into his ass. They always had the most amazing sex when Dean was stuffed like this, and the reminder of what was to come was more than welcome.
It wasn't like they weren't hunting or anything. Sure, they'd slowed down a bit, but there was still typically a monster of the week, so Cas didn't think it was lack of exercise that was causing Dean's waistline to expand. No, it was probably just Dean's metabolism giving out as he approached forty, the years of junk food and beer and hard liquor finally catching up to him in the form of soft love handles, a curvier backside, and a belly that refused to be contained by any of his current clothes. And the way Dean had been eating lately certainly didn't help.
Between his fourth and fifth donut, Dean had to take a quick break. He spread his thighs, allowed his bloated middle to slot between them, and let out an impressive belch along with a wince. “Oh, that was a big kick,” he groaned as he ran a soothing hand down his stomach. “Think the baby wants more.” He gave Cas a lazy grin and shoved the waistband of his elastic maternity pants lower, just let his belly hang out. It bulged obscenely, and although they both took scent blockers, Cas knew a bit of his arousal had to be leaking through. Seeing his mate stuffed and needy, not to mention pregnant with
