“You’re the one with a swear jar, love.” Lucy said at an undertone, earning the glare of some old doctor in a floral dress next to them, “Now fuck off and let me look at the fossil you call a phone.” She paged quickly through the android phone, hating the interface, but before she could read anything, it pinged with another text.
John finished up, and with a smile at Sarah, headed to 221B. He couldn’t get a taxi, and so he decided to, now that he could once again, make the walk home. The phone box near the Chicken Cottage rang.
John’s head swam with the image in his mind of someone who knew enough classical Greek to recite poetry from memory. He couldn’t put any of this together, and he was fighting to keep his eyes open as Chaplain Parker left the room. Soon he was out cold on another medicated sleep, list clutched in his hand, his palm itching like the morse code was still being tapped out there.
Sherlock looked wondrous, like she’d just been kissed, properly and truly kissed. Her eyes glittered, their blue rims filling with light. John had to look away before he made a fool of himself. Instead, he cleared his throat, “It’s just the truth.”
Above the fold, bold type blared:
His interactions with people today had thrown him through a bit of a loop. He wasn’t sure how he fared, interpersonally. He didn’t know any of these people personally, and he wondered what they would think if he’d told them that his main objective had been to give his speech on behalf of his patients, answered their questions with as much honesty and frankness as he could provide, and hastened away, not to continue on with his clandestine work, but to go back to his tiny room and escape to Bag End.
Then again, he was a member of the British Army, and his opinions only mattered insofar as they enabled him to do his job. So what if he was pissed at Fergus for fucking up that op because he’d been thinking with his dick instead of his brain? John should not blame the entire nation because it had produced one spectacular knobhead who wanted to be Sean fucking Connery with an Alabamian accent.
“I gave him dirt, in the Hoover bag.” Nan revealed, “All that work wasn’t in vain.”
“Eight.” Sherlock snapped, hissing as the board was lifted onto a transport. John supported his left side as the count ended. “Did you forget to insert you cake today?”
“Sherlock.” John sighed, trying very much not to laugh.
Mind on his gun beneath his shirt and his stomach, he decided to hedge his bets, and wait. John decided that now was as good a time as any to eat his Tim Tam.
“You still call her Binky?” John shook his head. Binky must be in her thirties, at least.
“We’ll cross bridges as we come to them.” John returned, tugging his gloves back on his with rigid tugs not unlike those he’d once used in theatre, “I’d advise you not to go burning them.”
John made his way to work, ignoring the looks of the nurses, and the radio coverage he’d overhead that were going on about the sexual compatibility of a woman in her early twenties and a man in his thirties. John had pretended not to notice anything around him, and looked to Sarah, “Busy morning, I suspect.”
“Yes.” Sherlock answered simply, and John knew by the set of her mouth that somewhere in the last thirty seconds, he had left being John behind, and had entered foreign territory. It occurred to John that Sherlock had probably never had a friend over before, and the thought pained him. She had found so little acceptance by the small-minded people of the world.
“For fuck’s sake, Johnny,” Weston taunted, “You act as though they have souls. They’re animals with a price on their heads. I merely facilitate the desires of humans. One tiger here, one elephant there, a dozen this or that along the way, all over the world. Dead or alive, it hardly matters to me.”
While Mickey answered the phones and handled visitors, John had found that he spent most of his time working to encourage and support patients as they connected with services they needed. Last week, he’d spent a whole day trying to get a cooker installed in a family’s flat so that a pregnant mother could have cooked meals, her father could manage his diabetes, and they could make meals at home. Both were patients, and all told, John had spent about ten hours of time advocating for them to get a cooker, encouraging them to accept it, and assuaging fears that the Home Office would not deport them over a free cooker.
“After this,” John proposed as they worked to examine the body, “I think MacPherson could do with a snack.”
Despite John’s best efforts and considerable resources, he was never able to find solve the puzzle of his mystery benefactor. He traced every chain of thought he could, but hit dead ends over and over and over. He even attempted to pull a ‘return to sender’ but the box merely appeared on his desk, this time with a note on top that read, For Dr. Watson in flourishing, masculine script that was very ornate and seemed quite like a warning.
John had spent time working with refugees and asylum seekers before, both here and in the Army. He knew what he was facing, and  was undaunted. John knew that a great many of his patients would come from word of mouth, once the Network spread the word.
He said the last like a proud schoolboy, shooting a look at John, obviously expecting fond praise. It warmed the cold recesses of her soul.
John’s jaw unhinged slightly when he realized that Mummy had thrown Sherlock a shower. It was essentially a baby shower for their dog, complete with gifts and food. Thankfully, there were no games, because John knew if there had been, he would have been bailing Sherlock out of jail instead of scrolling through pictures of tissue paper and tea sandwiches.
He was John Watson.
Every once and a while, a new package would arrive. John got something of a reputation for his packages, and this one was slightly more accurate. People came to him for a bit of home, and John was pleased to offer what he might, knowing that it was a critical component of medical care. He did his best to thank his benefactor in various ways, but countless pleas for information and letters of introduction were never delivered, or answered.
Mummy, of course, noticed this, though he think her aware of what Sherlock was doing behind her back. “Is your tea acceptable, John?”
Sherlock thought that certainly she would be a better person to bid John farewell. Certainly his sister wasn’t making this parting any easier for him. Sherlock wasn’t going to have word of him for months, and she had skipped out of boring tutorials just to come and see John, not his sister. And still, Harry was still making this entire thing about her. This was not about Harriet. This moment was about John. Did no one in his blasted family understand that John was his own person, far their superior in ever way?
John peered through the disgusting flat. He’d grown up in a council flat after his Mum had gotten sick, but this place was so far below that tidy place that John couldn’t describe it. Mice in a lab had better living conditions. John flipped the faucet on, and not surprisingly, no water came out.
Naturally, MacPherson was willing to go to the ends of the earth for one of the biscuits that only Mummy Holmes seemed to possess. John had long ago discerned that her housekeeper made them especially for MacPherson, and that Mummy was the only Holmes who doled them out, though Father had been known to sneak one or two MacPherson’s way under the dining table.
“So do you, and I--” Sherlock huffed, “If you must know, I have grown attached to him. However, in a gesture of equanimity, I will allow you to name him.”
Right. It only looked like they were thirty seconds from having sex on their doorstep, and that was a generous estimation.
“John…” Sherlock cautioned, studying him in the artificial light.
John did not have one, except to say that MacPherson could not decide where he felt safer. John moved quickly and silently across the room, and moved beyond the pocket door, and slid it shut behind them. MacPherson leaped upon Sherlock’s large bed from where he had been panting and crying, and settled his great head on her pillow.
Vernet’s close cropped hair had thinned a little in the last few years, but he was still effortlessly correct and a total ball of empathy to those who knew him well enough to get past the staid exterior. “I think you might find that will change soon.”
“Hello.” John carefully allowed himself to be sniffed, and when permission was given with the nudge of a heavy head and the happy flick of ears, he patted Fritz’s mane. “It’s nice to meet you.”
Mycroft was still out of sorts about the fact that his sister was a grown woman. When he did show up not two minutes later, he was without his brolly, and that alone made John feel as though he had come upon Mycroft in the buff. Added to this feeling of inappropriateness was Mycroft’s lack of suit. He was wearing cords and a easily buttoned shirt, and John had the urge to look around for a pair of gloves and begin using the medical ‘we.’
John thought that unlikely. He barely did that for her, and he was bloody well human. “He’ll eat my jumpers and shit on the rugs.”
His gaze sharpened for a moment, though Sherlock knew his powers of observation were not honed after years of comfortable assumptions and easy conclusions. “Are you known personally to Captain Watson, Doctor?”
“She was British, as well.” Carol added, “She really didn’t talk much to me.”
John’s heart paused in his chest as he turned and found Sherlock beneath him. There was nothing but truth in that statement. He’d intended to contradict her, just to hear her laugh, just to rile her. Instead, John gasped into Sherlock mouth, and celebrated that truth.
This man seemed to be the only person that could cause him to focus, and not feel like time was spinning. John figured out that he was the only guard to whom he voiced every thought in his head. He visited others once. Him, though, he’d seen at least twenty times. He had long ago stopped questioning why he was flattered and calmed by his attentions.
“Oh, John…” She bit her lip as she fair trembled with laughter, “Imagine him admitting he needs our help. It’s glorious.”
John could not bear to see Sherlock’s words used against her. Macon had just signed his death warrant. “What do you want?”
“Dr. Watson.” The driver spoke without looking away from the road, “Please do get in.”
“You’re safe, John.” John saw the nurse leaning over him. She was…American. From…New Jersey. Fuck, his brain didn’t work. He couldn’t even place a fucking American accent with more accuracy than the fucking state. His fucking head was stuffed with goddamned fucking cotton wool. His mouth was dry, and he was pretty sure his face was nearly swollen shut.
“He feels that reciprocity is only fair.” Sherlock declared, as though she could read the dog’s mind, and John wondered just how much of human debated just how much of human deductive reasoning translated to canine culture.
“All I knew for sure was that he was alive, and I was much relieved. I resolved to enter this data in the relevant section while I waited for lab results. My mistake was attempting to maximize efficiency, as I took the book to the lab. It was there that Victor saw my more personal observations. Governmental data was coded, but my personal…” Sherlock searched her mind for a word that applied, and it broke John’s heart to hear her continue onward, “reflections were unfortunately candid. In my desire to maintain exacting, precise, records, I was less than circumspect.”
John wondered why on earth they were shopping when there was a case. Just like eating and sleeping, shopping took a back seat to the case. There had been a time in Blackpool that she’d purchased something, claiming it was for the case, even though John knew better. Such was the risk of having a thief in jewelry stores. “There was a case this morning, I thought.”
John’s mind was focused when he was introduced, gave his speech, and answered various questions. As he’d expected, he neither needed nor stuck to his notes, though he did make a bit of a show of drawing attention to the fact that he had them. It was good to be a little underestimated, after all. John spoke of various patients, the medical crisis, and provided several talking points for assistance he felt were both achievable and meaningful.
John clearly was the one to get the door when Sherlock didn’t so much as look away from her tweezers and her sample, and MacPherson only sighed. John opened it and found Sarah standing there. He’d assumed it was Lestrade. Lestrade was not to call on them as professionals until MacPherson was on his feet. Sarah, however, had no such injunctions against her and clearly dropped round the flat on his sixth day home.
Sherlock almost screamed in frustration. Her mind was going too quickly. She didn’t know what to do. The sensible choice seemed so absolutely banal and fraught with nothingness. Spying a woman leaving one of the cubicles, she asked the woman in her native tongue, “When meeting a man, what would you say?”
Murray took a glance into the box, and waggled his own bushy eyebrows in a way that was supposed to be sexual but simply came across as absurdly comical. “I don’t think Gina’s mum also manages proper chocolates, now does she?”
(See the end of the chapter for
John Watson had a secret.
“Oh!” Mike exclaimed, “How is Mrs. Hudson?”
Inside, John found a logbook of exacting detail. Today alone, she had filled a page, before leaving for the hospital to commandeer the small garden for interaction with the beast.
After a long moment of calming MacPherson, Sherlock called, “I suppose you heard all of that, John.”
Most of the lunch was taken up by the aforementioned teens. John took the obligatory selfie with them, and then made polite suggestions that they head along. Sherlock was bored, and he didn’t want the bloom to go off the rose before he could shovel in his Cobb salad.
John hoped the security cameras in the hall had caught something, but he had enough to go on, with the simple glance at his face. “Well, then, let’s be perfunctory.” John smiled, “Get out.”
“She’s not.” John blurted, totally uncomfortable with the idea that someone who would read Dawkins and Heyer and made biscuits would ever be a passing fancy for Murray. John quickly amended that statement, before Murray could spread such news about, “There is no woman, and I’m certainly not married.”
She was in London, attending yet another boring medical conference, hating this wretched building and its horrible, vile, disgusting, lack of cell reception. One would think that people would think about things when setting up conferences.
John turned and began to walk away with MacPherson as he heard Mycroft exhale. John desperately wanted to turn around and see if he was turning pale or going puce. He did nothing of the sort, and instead continued onward towards Baker Street. He did smile jauntily at the CCTV cameras that were following him home, knowing that if nothing else, they’d succeeded in riling up Mycroft.
Mike entered the lab first, only to have Sherlock stick out her hand at the portly man and demand, “Phone.”
The door to a small sitting room opened, and his escort stepped inside, “Dr. John Watson to see you, sir.”
“Just please affirm it’s not my brother.” Sherlock replied, “If he should ring you, and want information—”
Lucy still thought she should have done some more to get him therapy after the Fall. She should have taken a sabbatical and taken him home to Scotland to recover. Maybe she should have arranged to go to Africa on humanitarian trip and taken him along. Who decided after the love of your life died to start going on with some woman who was not suited, in that she was too perfect? A very grief stricken man, that’s who. She had failed him, and seeing him go through that farce was almost too much to even reflect upon. It counted as one of Lucy’s failures in life.
Sherlock was sitting on her bed, running her hand over MacPherson’s side. John breathed deeply, knowing that the sight of her as she was in this moment was forever burned into his mind. Far from being entirely sexual, there was a tenderness to her care of MacPherson that only John was privy to, and he knew that to be a gift born out of her trust in him.
“Oh, how could I have done?” Sherlock cried, impatient with Greg’s emotionalism and his inability to just know, just see what was readily evident to her. “Mycroft was consumed with the middle east, and you were on the edge of promotion.” Sherlock explained, “What could I do?”
Sherlock gave her name as Sarah, knowing that there could be no trace of her here. After John roused, he would be told of his young wife, and Sherlock wanted to make sure that it sounded like a fairy story. She would no sooner trap John than she would spit on the hospitality the Americans were offering him.
“You set them up, after all.” Lucy smiled at Mike, and included Dr. Floral Dress in her reply, “You’re the world’s only consulting matchmaker. You stepped in when they were in over the depths, which is nearly always, bless, and patched them together.”
Sherlock demanded anew, “Where is MacPherson?”
Sherlock watched him for a long moment. She deduced that he was not working. That's what she had struggled in discerning, because it was not his default orientation. This was a rare moment where John Watson was simply John Watson, homesick, tired, lonely, and so tired of the fronts he presented to the world. Sherlock, too, was a master of fronts, though she applied it largely to survive Cambridge and not war zones. He needed to know he wasn’t alone in this world full of people. He needed to know that there was another like him in this world, another who saw everything.
Sherlock opened her bedroom door, and John had to remind himself that he himself was not twelve, standing in the doorway of a girl’s bedroom. He moved forward and set the suitcases on the bed, all the while taking stock of the room. Sherlock unzipped the first suitcase, and he found it full of her slacks and skirts.
“We can’t be involved in this case, Lestrade.” Sherlock primly picked her way out of the skip, “Prior cases prevent it.”
“Of course, yes.” He agreed, wondering why she was asking, “Enough to last a lifetime. Far too much.”
Lestrade made short work of telling their new buddy just where animal abusers fell on the prison totem poll, shining his torch at the man for maximum impact. They were about as highly esteemed as paedos and kiddie killers. “You won’t find yourself at HMP Berwyn.”
It was kind of her, but why? What could she see? Had she served herself? No, he would know. Her eyes had seen war, but not the kind fought on a front far from home.
John got several database warnings for digging, and figured that if fate was kind, he’d meet his benefactor face to face. He’d long ago figured out that she was female, of roughly the same age as John, liked historical and classic literature, and likely was educated in science and the classics.
Within minutes, Mrs. Hudson popped her head round their door, declaring that breakfast was ready with a very knowing look on her face. Sherlock clearly chose to ignore it, though John did make special note of the faint tinge of blush that painted her collarbone as she ignored Mrs. Hudson to make an emergency hair appointment.
Within a minute, he had an address. Luckily, it was right on his way. Within twenty minutes, he’d broken into a very posh office, and left a pile of cash on the desk. There was nothing to getting in and out, nor was there any issue with covering his tracks. It was a message no man could misunderstand.
He wanted to...
John struggled to internalize her words. He cracked an eyelid, and saw double. John forced himself to breathe, to take stock of things around him. “‘afe?”
Fourteen. Fifteen. Finally, John got so tired of hearing them bicker at each other than he stamped his feet, rigid and insistent. He had to do something before his brain melted. He had to do something before he irrationally stuck up for the posh git.
The blackness consumed him, yet again. This time, he did not dream.
The man rolled his eyes, “I cannot wait until Lestrade is back. This is so far below my pay grade.”
John asked a simple question, just to keep Greg moving along. He knew how easily somebody could get trapped in a memory, and he didn’t want that to happen to Greg. “What did she say?”
Sarah nodded, and it was clear to even John that he’d just learned something new about Sarah. She was not a dog person. He didn’t quite understand that, but he also knew that MacPherson stood head and shoulders above others of his species, literally and figuratively. He was kind and smart and funny and compassionate. He was sure that Sarah would love him just as they did.
“John, you’ve told me things about you tonight, things no one else would believe, and you trusted me to accept you, even when you showed me proof.” Sherlock elaborated, “That’s enough to get on with, don’t you think? My data suggested things would progress within two days, anyway.”
Sherlock had already shoved her phone in his face, knocking his own to the floor. “Was it this man?”
Things, the nurse’s eyes told her, were different in this case. There was something different. Sherlock preemptively decided that the difference rested in the fact that they were British, and had nothing to do with John’s prognosis.
There was drool on his shirtfront. John quickly took stock of his person and his physiology, and jolted backwards, launching himself off of the bed and onto the hard wooden floor. Only his training kept from calling out as he jolted onto the floor. John stared up at the ceiling until a craggy head licked his face, and scrambled up. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Sherlock’s hand reaching out to where his body had once been, and something within John clenched at the foolish dream that she was reaching out for him.
In a sense, John felt them in their own little world. The newspapers didn’t hound them. Twitter fell off of their radar. Sherlock was consumed with experiments and botany and sketching and cataloging. He knew it wouldn’t last, but he found himself wondering if they might make trips to the farm more of a regular happening. She seemed to sparkle.
Sherlock had originally assumed, on perusal of the file, that they would be colleagues. After all, she was a scientist. He was scientist. She was devoted to empirical findings, in maintaining order in the world. He was devoted to finding meaning, seeking truth, though he found the truth in the most illogical ways. She had not, until this in-person observation, been entirely certain they would get along as people.
Fuck.
It would be up to John to make it possible, through whatever means he had available. “Done.”
John sipped his water, growing faintly curious under her exacting consideration. “What?”
Instead, he went in search of a loo. If he ended up somewhere they didn’t want aging army doctors, they could lock him up and it would be a blessing.
“No…” John ventured, kicking off his shoes and wiggling his finally freed feet into the threadbare carpet, “What?”
Jim’s phone buzzed rapidly as the door jingled. John sipped his beer as a shorter man of indeterminate age entered the bar and tried to discreetly approach James. “Sir, my apologies, but your sister has threatened to set fire to—”
Seeing the farm through Sherlock’s eyes helped him to relax. He forgot to remember the past when he saw the present through her eyes. John slowly made new memories at Ormond, memories that outweighed some of the old ones in their intensity and emotional resonance. Slowly, slow, he felt himself beginning to let go.
John glanced upwards, noting that one of the CCTV cameras was on the fritz. Oh, well, if he had some kind of tail, at least that would make life more interesting. Who knew? Maybe James was right, and adventure was right around the corner.
Sherlock huffed, “I meant a man accustomed to Army accommodations.”
“There’s that British humor.” The man snarked, as he turned and walked away, John watching his every move.
“She’s going to get stuck in a drainage pipe, but she won’t leave!” The boy cried, “She won’t leave, and she’s going to get hurt. Creaky Pete said it’s gonna rain but good and nobody won’t go and help her. And I told her to push off…”
John flashed a smile. “John Watson.”
The hen clucked gently, and John nodded, “Right then. We have an agreement.”
“You would have deduced it, had you not given into the urge to follow such a base line of thinking.” Sherlock returned, “You’re free to vivisect him once I have my notes in my possession.”
She slipped into the town car. She might not have Mycroft’s job or Sherry’s standing, but she had her own means, and she absolutely refused to ride in those yellow monstrosities New Yorkers called taxis. They were an affront to her senses, even if the drivers were some of the most interesting and personable people she had ever come across.
Carol clearly considered this important. She sat down on the visitors’ chair in his room, and began to explain, “She introduced herself as Sarah Watson. She’s very pretty, in a striking sort of way.” Carol thought better of discussing her looks, likely assuming that like most people, John had a photograph of the person he was supposedly married to somewhere, “She’s got a voice like an angel. Sang to you, sat by your bedside, recited poetry in a very soft voice, but I can see why she captivated you. Mostly, she was just quiet. We gave her as much privacy as we could, but the ward had to be closed.”
Chaplain Parker had obviously flicked through John’s file, because he knew enough about John to use that information to talk to Sherlock. “Captain Watson is a hero, ma’am, and we’re glad to have him here with us as long as he should need us.”
Who had seen that he had gotten an invite? He’d been introduced to the Queen a time or two, but John doubted the woman remembered him. What was there to recall? The summons from the Lord Chamberlin set John on edge, and made him aware that there was more at play than he could presently observe.
She elbowed her cousin in the stomach, and had a nanosecond to read the text. Unfortunately, the phone went skittering out of her grasp, and flew forward, landing at the feet of a portly man in a brown suit jacket, who looked quite harried as he entered the room, just before the conference began.
He’d not seen it for all the traffic blocking the view, but here they were, in front of a derelict apartment building, a far cry from the tidy streets of her brother’s haunts somewhere in Mayfair. There was a panda half on the curb, and an officer waiting in the hallway on the third floor. John’s leg ached, but the pain faded as he saw that the cheap door had been busted open. “Dimmock, you idiot.” Sherlock spat, “If you’ve disturbed my mold cultures...”
He was stubborn. She was correct. He was giving. She was not, by nature, willing to prioritize anyone above her own needs. Survival of the fittest required, after all, that she understand that she was superior. John Watson knew in his soul that he was a superior human being, and this bone-deep knowing was his drive, his impetus, to give to those who could benefit from his gifts. He would deny it, should anyone articulate it, but Sherlock was adept at seeing the truths others sought to avoid.
He considered his ploy to get Sherlock to ditch smoking a morally grey action for good. A few well placed comments about skin, hair, and nails had done the trick, as had information about how smoking distorted and dulled the senses. Sherlock Holmes would never allow for her data collection processes to become permanently impaired. John chose to say nothing of the patches she kept in every room of the flat.
Sherlock huffed, “I do wish she would dispense with the floral arrangements. They just die.” She took a look at the riot of colors in the vase, and John, though he knew nothing of flowers, knew them to be rare blooms. “Of course, Mycroft insists, the odious man.”
John heard a broken whimper, and watched as Sherlock began to shove aside a giant blue tarp. The material nearly weighed her down, and both Greg and John moved to help her quickly shove it back. There, underneath the tarp rested countless boxes of God knew what, which served as weights upon a metal dog crate. There, in a crate suited to a puppy half his size, rested a bound MacPherson. His muzzle and paws were bound with the tape. He had a laceration in his side running from his fourth rib to his hip. And yet, when he saw them struggling to open the crate, his tail wagged.
“There is a security camera on the building to your left. Do you see it?” Mycroft asked.
“Why must you persist in feeling that I am alarmed by your habits?” Sherlock snapped. “It doesn’t alarm me.”
Alone.
Instead, he asked, “Would you care for a mini-quiche?’ The tray was headed their way, and John would willingly have crossed the room to fetch her one and end this line of inquiry. He needed a plan, and to observe her from a distance.
She pulled an iPhone from her clutch, sighed, and stuck it back. “What you must know is that I do not intend to alter my career objectives in any way just because you’ve deigned to show your face in London.”
John wondered just how much the entire family knew about him. Sherlock’s father confused him more than her mother had, even when he and Greg seemed to be the most forthcoming of the whole lot. “It isn’t only for my daughter that I find myself concerned.”
John paused, and realized that this order was something she was glad to be doing. He was glad, if suspicious, to have the scent of real tea filling his nostrils, cutting above the myriad of scents around him.
“You’re reading a bloody magazine and petting the dog!” John returned, picking up the case that had skittered down the stairs, “Do you want your hatboxes on the bottom? I’m just going to stuff the boot and hope it closes.”
Sherlock paused to inhale a breath quickly, “Your interest in his thought associations, dreams, and fantasies do nothing provide him a context to get under your skin and see what makes you tick. You will note he often takes control of the session without your awareness, I’m sure.”
John followed her along, back through the main corridor, earning introductions to the staff members and clients that stopped Janet no less than four times in her attempt to get to the rooms she had set aside for medical work. Right near the vestibule, there was a simple wooden door that had once held a sign. Unlocking this simple door, Janet showed him into a small set of rooms. John could see that his predecessor had taken much of the equipment with him.
John did not reply. He had nothing to say. His last name and rank were hot in his mouth until he remembered that the Army wasn’t behind him on this one.
her, Doctor Watson?”
“Again with the assumptions, Dr. Watson.” The man chided, making so bold as to pick up the picture of Sherlock and MacPherson on his desk, his grip lazy as he continued, “Again with the assumptions.”
“Your flat provides nits and tetanus.” John insisted. He wanted to give himself a booster just being in there for an hour at most.
It felt strangely good to be out of London. Outside of working and The Work, he hadn’t really been anywhere save war zones and London since University, and he felt that he was returning to some truth within himself as the farms and villages brought memories to the forefront of his mind. In the back seat, MacPherson seemed as enamored of the scenery as he was of his favorite bone. After a time, he placed his great head on the ledge of the door and pressed his nose to the glass of the closed window.
“It’s pinned up all over the flat.” John assured him, “And I heard discussion of an autopsy tomorrow morning.”
John knew it would take him twenty seconds to grab the gibbon. He also knew that there had to be air vents somewhere, and he was determined to find some portholes or something to smash open. He hadn’t been Navy, but for the first time he wished he’d paid more attention on ships, rather than simply learning mostly in theory how to commandeer them, escape them, and the like.
He also made a note to have his assistant arrange to secure his retired nanny some fire insurance  in the interim.
“That’s immaterial.” Lestrade inserted, with a dark look between the brothers.
“At eighteen, she went to New York to get away from everything here. She became a debutante when she realized she had not developed the capacity to talk to anyone socially, because she stood frozen in a lift, two feet from you, and couldn’t bring herself to speak your name.”
“He’s an Army Surgeon!” Sherlock flew to her feet, knocking the chair back unsteadily. He had worked for so long to balance the more clandestine work with his overt work as a surgeon in the field.
MacPherson trotted off, darting to scurry after some shadow or scent John’s human eyes could not discern. “MacPherson, stay close.”
John did not allow himself to think about the reality that it was very likely that they would have to sell Ormond Farm to him. Already, Nan was reliant on hired help just to keep her few pet animals left here alive. She was pushing her eighth decade, and the land was already worked by someone else.
Sherlock posited another theory as John found the glass bottle in the door, and gently guided MacPherson and his new buddy away from the contents, “You read the blog.”
“What are you going to do?” John snapped, frustration blooming in his veins. How like her to think there was some easy solution to a problem. How like her to totally disregard anything that got in the way of her goals, even reality. “Swoop in with some solution?”
John slid his hand up Sherlock’s hip, feeling the gentle swell of her unabashedly feminine form under his fingertips with  great reverence. “Well, actually I wasn’t, but I’m glad to know that wasn’t left to Greg and Mycroft.”
As they zipped through London in Mycroft’s car, John let his eyes fall closed. So much had happened in his life in the last two years that adding the knowledge that Sherlock had come to New York in the hopes of finding him changed his whole perception of that brief moment he’d spent in America before being back on the front lines of a senseless war. “Why didn’t you speak to me?”
If there was somebody out to kill him, he needed to work fast. He wasn't sure if the panic was coming from thoughts of his death or the fact that he hadn't died.
“Oy, Cap.” Pete declared, “Wait until you see him, and hear what he says about you. Then, you’ll be signing a different tune.”
He knew that there were notes about him, copious amounts of them. He wasn’t stupid. She’d found that file from Mycroft when she was fifteen, and no doubt she would have dissected him to within an inch of his life. She would have, simply because that was how she related to people, sometimes. When she was scared or interested or felt deeply, she sought data. He had no illusions that there was a moleskin somewhere with information about him in it. He knew that Victor likely had it, and although he was interested in knowing what a fifteen year old Sherlock had said about a sun-burnt solider, it had little bearing on the woman she was in this moment. Hell, at fifteen he had done some pretty stupid, foolish things, the least of which compared to keeping a notebook analyzing a girl.
“Oh, of course.” She smiled at John, “I do love sweets on a warm spring night.” She paused, glancing between him and Sarah. “If you should happen to hear from Sherlock, please do send her my way.”
“I’ll see if I’m free.” Sarah replied, and it didn’t take Sherlock’s deductive powers to know that she would not be joining them.
After a moment, Dr. Norwood bade her to enter into his office, and Sherlock did so, coming to her point rather quickly, “Your patient, Captain Watson…” Sherlock chose her words very carefully, “I have reason to believe he is experiencing some undocumented psychological symptoms.”
Sally smiled. John simply nodded his farewell, knowing that Sally would keep her mouth shut and would do her best to maintain their dynamic.
“A chicken called Chicken.” Sherlock tilted her head, and batted her eyelashes, “Fascinating.”
John could not place a Wilhelmina. She pronounced it in the German fashion, and nothing about the name jogged anything in John’s mind. He thought fleetingly of his friend who sent him books, but although this woman was fluent in German, it was not her native language. He rejected that possibility, knowing that his mind was focused thereon because he just wanted to go read her notes in the margins of
“You’re admitting,” Greg spoke slowly, “to a member of New Scotland Yard, that you stole MacPherson with the intention of making him a show animal in America?”
“Say no more.” John had a sister, after all. “My sister and I are twins. I get it. Harry and I used to quibble that everything we had had to be different, down to the meals we ate and the plates we used. Of course, we were five at the time.”
“Well, I…” The student from Manchester trying to see something of the world on her gap year was trying to ring up a ticket and remember that table four wanted water and table six had a gluten allergy, “I don’t know that we have any. I mean, I do, in my apron, but…”
“Complaints, ma’am, do not come from your department.” Dr. Marshall boomed, “You have violated conduct guidelines, accessed sealed documentation, and stuck your sticky beak where it does not belong.”
“Heavens, with all these biscuits in my flat?” Mrs. Hudson laughed, “I’d be the talk of Baker Street.”
John stayed silent, leaning against the counter. She didn’t seem the sort to be fussed up by two men together. Clearly, she had no issue with it. He’d know. He’d observed it so many times, as Harry Watson’s twin.
“Damn. I wanted to introduce you.” Mike admitted, “She’s odd. But lonely, misunderstood. She knew my sister Bianca at Uni. You remember Binky?”
Sherlock stood and bolted from the room with the dog loping at her side. John thought he saw a blush cresting across her cheeks. John simply filed that image away for later consideration and faced Lestrade, who had stepped aside to let Sherlock pass quickly.
Rather than dissuade Mrs. Hudson from her eternal matchmaking hopes, John ate his dinner. Afterwards, he went upstairs and helped with the cleaning. After all, if the flat was getting a scrub it was only sensible that he prevent homicide and make sure everything went along as best he could. It wasn’t like Sherlock was going to help.
“Look.” John pinched the bridge of his nose as Greg sighed, “You’ve got a dog. Imagine if Gerber were suffering. Wouldn’t you feel better if we just checked? All we need is some directions.”
Greg looked vacant and grey. John’s training took over, and he knew that he was asking Greg to face something that had deeply shaped him, deeply traumatized him.
And then, and then, Sherlock’s hand was on his elbow, a gesture of support she’d deduced he’d needed. It was welcome, largely because he felt he had been kicked in the gut. He’d been home since his discharge, but he hadn’t spent any significant time here for years. And yet, nothing had changed. The front room still had the same sofa, albeit with new slipcovers, and the pictures on the wall amplified the feeling of walking into his childhood.
Though everyone at QEHB wanted him to remember anything he could, John welcomed the blackness in his mind and the gaps in his mind, knowing it spared him pain.
He was not unaware of the drawbacks of being out here, irrespective of past emotional trauma. There was no good takeaway, and there was nowhere to stomp when he needed to avoid the fumes of sulphur and burnt hair. There was nothing to do but hose him off when MacPherson rolled in cow pats, after which he had to listen to Sherlock fuss over the calibration of a bath temperature without her thermometer and MacPherson’s bath mat. He was therefore treated to varying treatises on the germs found in said excrement.
And there wasn’t any need, not that John had noticed anything beyond Sherlock. A huge black SUV had peeled to a stop just as few pandas pulled up, followed up by an ambulance, lights spinning and sirens blaring. John could not believe that he hadn’t heard, but he had been tearing yet more of Sherlock’s shirt to pad the wound as the expensive cotton soaked with blood.
Oh God.
“And then, he was gone, his words ringing in my ears.” John knew, then, that what she recalled was horrific. “I tried to speak, to stop him. But he was gone…” Sherlock shivered, “As the door slammed, I lost consciousness, as the drug had intended for me to do. I woke, five point seven hours later, surrounded by my own vomit.”
“John,” The voice somewhere above him demanded gently, “Squeeze my hand if you can hear me.”
Sherlock nodded, a scene coming together in their minds in tandem. Mrs. Scott had been killed
John found himself looking at the world in that way from time to time, and he credited that more to MacPherson than he did Ella or even to his own willpower.
John stowed his cane in the back and hop-stepped into the front of her sedan. John waited until Harry pulled out of the spot they’d be using before replying, “I had mates, there, once upon a time.”
With that, John drained his tea and strode away. He had a dog to walk and a detective to meet in a secluded location.
Sherlock spun around in a wide circle, her arms thrown out to balance herself as her skirt twirled and the dog jumped around, as if to ask, “What’s to stop you from coming here?”
“She cried. She sobbed. I will never forget what she said that night.” Greg whispered, “She said that she wished it had been her, that you were the very best of men, that deduction was nothing in the face of what you did to make the world a better place.” Greg visibly shuddered, “And I held her as her knees gave out from under her on that hospital floor, and she sobbed like her soul had been ripped in half, because something you loved had been taken from you.”
Sherlock wasn’t entirely sure that was a legal determination, but she accepted it. She was given her severance documentation, and released from hellish captivity. Her back hurt and she felt like vomiting. Still, she said nothing to her colleagues as she packed her desk and cleared her computer using security techniques Mummy had taught her in primary school, though of course they had evolved in response to new technologies.
MacPherson went into Sherlock’s room only long enough to turn round and come right back. He paced this way for so long that John got up to close the door between their rooms. John knew it might seem cruel to block him off, but at least the dog would have no choice but to eventually settle, and John knew that MacPherson would be happier with Sherlock.
John looked over his pint to Greg, who looked like utter shit. “It’ll help if you talk about it.”
“You know I hate dentists, Doc.” Hawker eyed him speculatively, “You wouldn’t happen to know what you were on about in there, would you?”
Greg called out as John leapt into the back of the cab, ditching the cuffs he’d worked his way out of in seclusion that Greg had insisted upon, “You’re still under arrest, John!”
John did not tell her that he had had quite enough of observing soldiers melting in the heat. They could hear the guns and the noise from here, and that was quite enough of a reminder of his soldiering days.
They were, however badly, looking out for their little sister.
Satisfied, Sherringford Arthur Vernet Holmes went back to work, but not before sparing a thought for the money in his desk drawer. He figured a little renovation at one of the country homes, maybe one in Sussex, wouldn’t be amiss. The old pile was going to need a lab.
John heard something catch in her voice, and changed the subject, describing in gruesome detail a case of diabetic gangrene that had popped up at the clinic last week. This, of course, led into heated scientific discourse that consumed much of the afternoon and ended in Sherlock’s lab in the garage, drawing diagrams on the whiteboard.
The vet had radioed out for more support. Hope bloomed within him. Just because he couldn’t keep the dog didn’t mean he didn’t want it to have a good life, in some garden, with a couple of kids to chase after and too much kibble in his bowl.
The facade did not slip, not for a single second, as she reminded him. “I suppose you’ll make a nuisance of yourself in the afternoon, Greg.”
“Do not spew nonsense, John.” Sherlock considered her words, pulling the sheet that had ended up between them away, to more fully settle against his chest, “Actually, please do. I will debase you of your antiquated notions. I find myself in possession of considerable goodwill towards you at the moment. I do wish you wouldn’t squander it.”
John could not believe how quickly they jumped from rehoming the animal to talking about things like names. Somehow, that sealed the deal for him. Sherlock loved this dog. She loved him enough to admit it. He could not take something she loved from her, not if he wanted to live with himself. John gave up caring that he was sopping wet, and stepped closer to Sherlock, the rocks under his feet shifting. “Really?”
“It’s very kind of you to do a good deed for someone else.” The girl told her, “I won’t say a word.”
John placed some of them easily as notable figures in peace and politics, and they had asked meaningful and careful questions of him. John was rather shocked when Chancellor Merkel privately noted after commenting on several points of his speech, “Captain Watson, you will forgive me for the change in subject, but I am very happy to meet you on a more personal level. I understand we have a mutual acquaintance.”
Thusly, she had been free from Mummy’s calculating gaze as she had read a brief this morning that had been delayed by Piecroft’s inefficacy. She had just had enough time to shove away her boiled egg, dash into the shower, and join the steady flow of traffic outside the hotel. Deduction had occupied her on her journey here, her eyes flitting from person to person and deducing them in a second before moving on to the next person. People were so simple, so pedestrian.
“Is that why you bound up a defenseless animal?” Sherlock seethed, going back to working on her task. She lifted the latch, and reached in to undo the side of the crate to give their dog his stolen freedom. “Was his fear too dramatic for you?”
Sherlock fought not to think of October last, and nodded. She was suddenly very afraid. She looked around, and there was no one beside her but the nurse. “I’ll stay with you a minute. You’ll want your privacy, I’m sure.”
Sherlock turned away from her work promptly on schedule, and fed MacPherson before sitting down to a plate that had been waiting for her for less than two minutes. John considered that a gift, really, because he hadn’t honestly been expecting her to eat. Sherlock chewed her broccoli carefully.
“And you’re just the kindly transport service,” John seethed, “with monkeys chained up and drugged in dog crates and birds taped up in boxes. You’ve been doing this for a decade. Interpol wants you. America’s itching. Canada’s being downright nasty in their earnest desire to see you handed over. Latin America’s ablaze. Even China wants you. There isn’t a country in the world that isn’t itching to flay your skin from your bones.”
“Oh, don’t be dramatic.” Sherlock shoved her brother away and raised her chin.
John looked at the pile of vintage suitcases in the entry to Baker Street, having carried them all down the stairs. He’d not lugged things like that since his days as a Private. Poor Peters had been ordered to carry a tree around during training to replace the oxygen he was wasting. Peters was still in the Army. Last John knew, he was alive and reasonably well.
“Mummy and Father mean well, but…” Greg followed John out across the courtyard, his voice almost inaudible, “Never let it be said that being the genius children of an MI-6 agent and a celebrated academic was a walk in the park, John.”
“Oh, you know...” John began, falling in love with a mad genius, feeling guilty because her brother pays me to protect her, we spent the whole night running around London, it was better than sex, mate, and I don’t feel dead anymore, the usual, “Just looking for a flat. I can’t imagine finding something decent, though, let alone someone willingly living with me.”
John groaned.
Harry accepted his final words on the matter. She’d matured. She was still a tearaway goofball who got loud and mouthy, but now she did it as an advocate and a champion for those who struggled with her disease. John was incredibly proud of her. “Thanks, Harry.”
There was no small talk as Tom got to his point, calling out as he did as he walked away from his 4x4, “Don’t suppose you’re yet interested in selling off, Johnny?”
MacPherson placed his paws upon Sherlock’s knees, and she gently guided him off of her jeans, so that he was sitting next to her, his craggy head butting her hand for pets. John’s mouth dried as he considered the meanings of what she was saying.
Sherlock carefully stored John’s voice in her Mind Palace. There was a whole space there, filled floor to ceiling with boxes marked ‘John.’ When Sherlock had the incentive, she would walk amongst those boxes, and sometimes unpack one or two, mental boxes that held the scent of PG Tips or the color of his nondescript shirt at Cafe Cafe at 10:42 on a bright morning during half-term.
“You believe what you are saying.” Sherlock breathed the deduction, as though she herself did not believe this to be true, “And you weren’t lying about the lengths you would go to in order to keep him with us when you confronted Mycroft. It was not at all falsehood or adrenaline.”
John understood, then, that Mycroft would see things through in that time. Sherlock, he decided, was going to murder him for outsourcing this as he was. She would insist on seeing to it herself.
“There’s a situation in the middle east that is uniquely suited to your skills.” Mycroft mentioned, offering up a bargain. “You are, naturally, willing to lend your services to your government and your nation.”
Nan arched her eyebrow. “Yet you see your mother twice a month and your siblings daily.”
“Well, that’s true.” John took note of her name, so as to mention her on the blog when they got another picture with a healing and happy MacPherson, which Sherlock took regularly to document his healing and progress. John said nothing of the album in which she pressed the printed photographs, nor of the data and information written carefully under each item her in her careful and flowing handwriting, nothing like the spidery scratch she used in other places.
Still, John later found that Sherlock the platter Sherlock had shoved onto the table was a carefully wrapped cardboard box with his name on it. Inside, there were hearty slabs of cake and a separate container of food. It was likely that Mummy had packed the box, even though the box did contain both the corner pieces of cake that he enjoyed and contained no crab salad, which he hated with a burning passion. How she had deduced his food habits was unknown to him, but he would put nothing past that woman.
John shifted on the couch.
Sarah made a noncommittal sound. If Sarah didn’t care, as she clearly did not, why did she persist in treating Sherlock as though they were friends to her face? He didn’t know much about interpersonal dynamics between women, but he knew from observing Harry that the practice politeness was often about attempting to be friendly when in someone’s presence when you really didn’t give a shit was increased amongst women. It set his teeth on edge because he knew Sherlock saw through it.
Harry had counted on him to make all the arrangements, him to bury their mother and comfort Nan and Gramps, who’d just buried their only child. She’d let him settle Mum’s affairs, him be the one to decide to pull the plug on his own fucking mother. The goddamned nurse had called him doctor when he’d done what was required, when he’d just wanted to scream at his sister that Elspeth had been his mother, too. He still wanted curl up in a ball because he’d watched his mother die. Harry had been allowed to cry. John had held a fucking stethoscope in his hands, because it was easier for Harry, because she counted on him, not some stranger.
The old granny holding a tiny hairless dog in an ugly dog jumper smiled at them.
The house was odd without Nan puttering in the kitchen or working in the gardens. John puttered in the kitchen at the back of the house alone. Not even Chowley wanted to keep pace beside him. Sherlock had a new admirer in Chowley, who took residence at her side and stole John’s pillow after Nan had bade him farewell and the tarrier required somewhere warm to sleep.
“As if anyone could know what he needs better than me.” Sherlock snapped, as the vet and the techs moved slowly out of the tunnel, dragging the transport until they could heft it between them. She softened her voice when the dog emerged, painfully thin, and strapped to a bed with an IV and a chest tube already started, “No. He shall reside at Baker Street with us.”
After breakfast, MacPherson elected to spend time with Molly, who was free with belly rubs, kisses, and happy faces. John found Sherlock saddling up Fritz, whom he now knew to be called after Fritzwilliam Darcy, if the books on Sherlock’s shelves were anything to go by in her heroic preferences.
It was too bad that Mary’s baby had turned out to be her ex-boyfriend’s child. Lucy had seen them at the wedding. Who stood closer to some ex-boyfriend than their new husband? A lying liar who lied, that’s who.
Sherlock blinked after entering the kitchen and being told to sit. John saw the questions and realizations in her eyes, but said nothing beyond answering Nan’s questions about their trip. John had hardly been handed a mug of tea when Nan declared, “John, go carry in your bags to your room. You need a moment.”
down notes, glaring at Lucy. Lucy could not help but add, “You’ve misspelled rickets. There’s only one ‘t.’”
Sherlock returned,
Well, John paused in thought. That was telling. Baker Street was home, and Sherlock barely let Lestrade in their flat. Offering to have Nan to stay clearly said that, despite the short duration of their relationship, Sherlock saw much of which to approve in his grandmother. They were a bit of an odd couple, but John knew they would get along famously.
He hated writing the damn thing, but it was all but enforced upon him as a condition of his treatment. He’d recently written that nothing ever happened to him, and it was true. As a Queen’s Guard, nothing ever really did, and planning a blog post was enough to fill his mind. It was a good way to pass the time because he liked to write about the people he had seen.
John fumbled for the door. It was too late to tell Sherlock to wait without offending Sarah.
“So, the freak’s pet has yet another woman trailing after him?” The woman hissed, like a cat, “Word to the wise, honey, you won’t last a week. The freak’s too possessive.”
It slowed.
“Mummy.” Mycroft’s voice was pained beneath its disapproval, “Do you routinely make so free with sensitive information? I shudder to think at the state of world affairs.”
John paused in thought for a long second, before heading to the next exam room, opening the door, and saying, “Hello, I’m Dr. Watson. How are we today?”
“What?” Sherlock asked, distracted as her attention was on the dog, who was rummaging through his toy chest to put as many toys as he might into his large but finite mouth, “Cats are not liquid, John. Do be serious.”
The world was conspiring against him. “Ta, Mrs. Hudson. His name is MacPherson.”
He turned around to wave, shocked to his core at such an honestly emotional expression of feeling from his sister, who had shouldered their traumas by internalizing emotions John had subverted into acts of caring. John’s eyebrows rose encouragingly as he sought out his sister, only to see that she was collecting her things from the chairs and hadn’t said a word in his direction. Still, she caught his wave and returned it hopefully.
Things did proceed swimmingly, if one could describe finding themselves in the middle of a possible murder investigation as something positive. Within twenty-four hours, they had made vague excuses to Sherlock’s parents, let Lestrade know that they had a case, and trotted off to London like good little crime solvers under Victor’s watchful eye. It was thrilling to know that they were two steps ahead of Victor, and the anything he really wanted to know was nothing John hadn’t already looked up, no deductive reasoning required. The deduction told them, however, that there was more to this than the data suggested.
“Well, I would.” John knew in the pit of his soul that nothing could erase how he felt. He knew it would change, would grow, would develop, but he was certain that his feelings were the outgrowth of a foundation that nothing could shake.
Greg took a swig of his beer. Personally, John wished they had something a little harder for this discussion. It was probably better that they didn’t, since John rarely drank. He had a family history of alcoholism, after all.
Mycroft’s eyebrows rose, as he looked to John with something knowing and vaguely terrified in his eyes.
John’s phone buzzed. He didn’t have to pull it out to know he was being called to come at once. John ignored his phone, largely because he didn’t need confirmation, nor did he particularly want to grapple with the direct contradiction of Mummy’s statement.
He doesn’t seem all that bad, John thought.  He just seems… Lonely, John wanted to say, desperate for someone to hear him.
“Seen a lot of injuries, then?” She asked, and John saw something behind her eyes. “A lot of violent, deaths?”
He stopped in the middle of the sidewalk, earning himself a colorful telling off, as he stared at the pictures that were above the virtual fold. Somebody had gotten shots of them from last month, after the Christmas party Lestrade threw for his team. They all had a great time, and it had been a welcome period of joviality after a couple of rough cases.
John was late coming back from Tesco’s, and dropped the heavy groceries on the table. There was a chemistry textbook, a pair of suede Prada platforms, and a few petri dishes on the same table. The hodgepodge of items spoke to Sherlock Holmes. “Sherlock, I bought the groceries. You put them away.”
Sherlock took a few seconds to steel herself. Carefully, she pressed a gentle kiss to the only unbruised part of John’s face not covered by tube, tape, gauze, and wire. “I love you, John Hamish Watson. May you know it as I know it.”
Quickly, the nurse got about her business, helped him to raise the head of the bed enough to hand him a basin. John had nothing in his stomach, but the bile that arose from the pit of his system was disgusting. John knew he had been heavily medicated, simply from the scent of the bile, not that it took and MD and a PhD to figure out that the banged up guy in the hospital bed was on some shit.
Mummy, like her daughter, was a curious and astute woman. “She abandoned you, did she?” She came forward and pressed a gentle kiss to John’s cheek, in her formal manner, “Cowardice on the front lines.”
Something John knew to be triumph bloomed behind Victor’s eyes. He chuckled, “My, my. You really don’t know, do you, Dr. Watson?”
“You misunderstand me, Dr. Watson.” Mycroft insisted, “May I remind you you are here for a job?”
With that, Greg returned to the house, and to his evening activities. John thought about the first time Greg had been invited here, and knew that Sherlock would have been in the throes of her education, and would have likely been as good as an alien to Greg. What did Greg know? What had he seen? Whatever it was, John knew that he was right to keep his guard up.
“I have a case!” Sherlock drew her phone closer to her body,  “I cannot be bothered with something as banal as your desire for granite countertops and wainscoting.”
She took a nondescript piece of paper out of her folio, carefully so as to remain unseen. It had an insipid Union Jack on it, and underneath the flag, Sherlock wrote a small message. She folded it in half, and tucked the implements back in her bag. There would be nothing of her left here when she left the cafe. Sherlock set down her mug, and slid her leather journal and pen into her bag.
“Hello, John!” Molly called out from the lab. John could hear the spray of the sinks in the back as Molly went about her work day.
John moved the clean laundry off of his chair, and sat down. “I’ve my own practice, after a fashion. A lot of people without leave to remain or who have refugee status or who are homeless can’t or won’t use the NHS.” John explained his meeting with Janet, “And so I’ve got a job. It pays almost nothing, but I’m trying not to worry about it.”
John did not call her brilliant. He couldn’t make his mouth work. He swallowed his biscuit along with the praise that had almost spilled forth, “Is that all?”
Her pulse did not race around John Hamish Watson.
Sherlock spoke then, “An international criminal is docked here. He has my dog, not to mention a quantity of illegally obtained animals and animal artifacts.”
“Don’t flirt with me.” Sherlock’s tone was slightly chiding, “I’m married to my work.”
Once they left the bustle of the motorway behind, John watched bucolic and pastoral scenes pass him by as the roads twisted and curved on the final portion of their drive. He loved the country. He had spent his summers as a child on a farm outside Inverness, as Sherlock had once deduced. His maternal grandparents had farmed, and they had made a home and a haven for him and Harry. Even years later, his best memories, amid cancer and divorce and stress and pain, had been of that stone house and the warmth found therein. He was sorry to say that Gramps was gone, because John often wondered what the man would make of him, if he would be proud in a way that his father had never experienced.
He needed a job, and he could no longer pretend to be making it on his pension, not when Harry had stopped by and cried because there was no food in his bedsit.  He’d tried to make her see it wasn’t a money thing so much as it was a waste of food, but she was vigilant now. Clara brought food round three times a week with enough portions to feed a platoon, and if John never saw another courgette, he would die a happy man.
“A religious farce.” Sherlock said, and John knew that she had in fact, removed every bit of Anglicanism from her mind palace. He thought it was odd, consider that, on a global scale, people used religion as an excuse to hate and murder almost more than anything else.
Another man cut into his dance with Molly, leaving John the perfect opening to do so with Sherlock. His name was Nick, another friend from Uni, though Sherlock was not likely to consider him a friend. He was in medical research, and reminded John very strongly of a young, if slightly jumpy, Mike Stamford.
Lucy couldn’t hold back a giggle, “You are a doctor, at a medical conference.” She jammed down on John’s instep, and his aim and grip on her elbow faltered, “Have you no circumspection?”
John took in the homeless shelter and felt the spark of annoyance that rose when he thought of the doctors he’d spoken to just now, who were such big-headed fools that they were totally unaware of reality. John was walking past the shelter when he heard a voice call out, “Hey, Doc!”
For the first time today, John found himself smiling warmly at a Holmisean man. “You’re Greg, then?”
“It’s a scent issue.” Sherlock pushed some of the blanket over the dog, making it clear that he was settled where he would remain for the night, so confident was she in her theory, “He is used to Baker Street, which has a pleasing scent that has come to affirm to MacPherson that he is home, and safe.” Sherlock explained, “My room is solely mine, and your belongings are in the next room. He does not understand the circumstances here.”
“A more milquetoast expression I have never heard.” Sherlock declared, moving aside some random items that clearly constituted an experiment, to stalk to the sofa, which was not, blessedly covered with the hatboxes that had been stacked on the floor nearby, “Say what you mean or say nothing at all, John.”
“Quite.” Victor replied, not quite meeting John’s gaze.
“Bah.” The elderly man rose to his feet and donned his scarf, “My Sarah’ll just be glad I headed home safely in all this bluster and ice.”
“I don’t know what you mean.” Sherlock twirled her stool, and nudged John with her knee. He stepped out of her way. She held out her hand, “Slide.”
John ignored the sass in her tone, and studied her over the top of her mug.
John woke of his own volition, his waking mind floating the forefront of his awareness. Sunlight slanted into a window to his left. Beeping filled his ears. Post-surgical ward. Where was he? John opened his eyes, and saw a nurse by his bedside, checking his status and vitals.
“No.” Sherlock’s tone was absent from her voice, and the fact that he could discern nothing of her feelings told him everything he needed to know about her internal state. “He did not mention what he felt he knew until I was under the influence, and powerless to contradict him.”
“Speak for yourself.” Sherlock turned back to her work, “I am innately gifted.”
“This cannot continue.” Mycroft looked down at the puddle of blood,  “He cannot be loitering at the palace gates and...”
“Sherlock, you are absolutely not allowed to pass out.”
“You daft fucker,” Harry declared, driving one handed to reach over and slap at him ineffectually, “You hid the fucking Tunnock’s!”
Though Twitter knew it not, Sherlock’s cosmetics case was filled with cultures and petri dishes under the bench seat, and his gun was in the center console when not in the back of his trousers. John spent a happy moment settling MacPherson into his space with his doggy seatbelt, his stuffed Alces alces, and his blanket. They pulled into the London traffic and set off for Sherlock’s childhood home.
He would, and did, offer her nothing else. Perhaps it was overwrought to even think this, but it was important to him that they both understood that the glimpses of the girl and young woman she had once been was a mere shadow on the wall in the comparison to the person he knew, simply because he could only deduce so much. He did not know the important things about her then as he did now. He did not know the girl who had a Newton poster on her wall, but he did know the woman who collected medical tomes and blogged about color and fabric ash.
The old doctor could fuck right off, too.
They arrived at the dirt track that led back to the farm shortly after dusk. There was a way by road, but he’d always come home this way, and tradition ran strong here on this land. He also wanted to avoid going through the village, and setting the gossip lines ablaze.
It felt like hours out here. It was worse than sleeping in his battle position. It was worse than working A&E on a slow night. And yet, this was the only way he could feel connected to people who weren’t Army, oddly enough, since he’d been back from Helmand. John was off in his own world, blindly focused, when he heard a silky voice to his right.
“MacPherson likes them.” Sherlock declared, adding more newsprint to her blazing fire. John wondered if he should cook his breakfast there or on the stove, not that he had time for anything more than tea and toast, “Do not stifle his individual preferences, John.”
John tilted his head, “With MacPherson?”
“I never, ever, violated your free will, John. I wanted to meet you, but that wasn’t what you needed.” Sherlock spoke, providing him the distraction he required as the acid on the stove began to boil over and eat away at the enamel. “I just…needed to know you were safe.”
“I can’t.” She glared at the microscope, “You know I prefer to text.”
“It is exactly what it seems!” Her tormentor returned, “You were set up from the start, Johnny. She always pretended she was so much different from other women, but really, actions speak louder than words.” Victor Trevor snarled, his suppressed hunting rifle exchanged for a legal pistol that was on a revoked and expired firearms certificate to James Armitage.  “All of that intellect, totally wasted. Imagine! Thirty-seven pages alone deducing how much you loved your mother and how that boded well for your ability to be a functional member of a nuclear family. Fairy stories.”
, he thought,
“Is he exposing himself?” John asked. Disgustingly, that was rather common. There was a protocol in place for that, which typically ended in someone being carted off and arrested, after having a gun pointed at their dick.
This attempt was typically hindered by a consulting detective who, despite her supposed lack of need for sleep, was quite cuddly in the morning. There was considerable variance in his routine in that area. John sternly focused his mind during his commute. It was hellish, and the last thing he wanted was to get papped with a goofy look on his face.
When they got to the Port of Inverness, Sherlock wasted no time in bolting towards the storage areas. Mycroft reached out to grab her arm as her long stride wobbled when the flooring changed depths. John was shocked to see that level of reactivity from Mycroft, who would have clearly seen that she was well on her way to righting herself before John’s hand had even found her arm.
“Murray, if you’re going to be ridiculous, at least let’s agree not to slut shame. I’ve also had sex on those continents, as well. I just don’t run my mouth about it.” John gave into temptation and tore into one of the chocolates as Murray laughed, knowing full well there was no real censure in John’s tone or Murray’s teasing.
John felt her grin against him as he reached for the hem of her entirely extraneous camisole. “Someone who didn’t know the earth goes round the sun should not be quite so smug.”
She paused, and John saw a flick of recognition cross her face. He steeled himself for some comment, but all she said was, “Clean up after yourself.” She reminded him, “There’s a kit in the cupboard, use whatever you like.”
“Well,” John refrained from offering her his personal opinion of the names she was considering for her child. It was not his place to comment. His taste, personally, did not lean towards the latter name, as evidenced by the fact that he had named MacPherson MacPherson. Yes, the dog was a dog, but the point stood. “I think you have another six weeks to decide.”
In his head,  John eventually ran through every bone in the body and considered a blog post about a patient he’d once had who had exploded and bone shrapnel had...
“Take me to bed, John.” Sherlock declared, on her feet and kicking off her jeans before John could process that she was gone from his lap and her knickers were purple, as well as being tissue cotton against his fingers.
She nearly got her and MacPherson thrown out of Egerton House, where she MacPherson went for research. John thought she had simply wanted to take the dog to tea, and said nothing of the sort when she came home fuming about the whole ordeal with another patron. John made sure he had their legal representative on speed dial, waiting on tenterhooks to see if the other lady was going to sue. Thankfully, she did not bring suit against them, though if Mycroft had thwarted it, John did not ask.
John was sitting in a cab next to Sherlock as he forced out the words, “Does your detail normally live nearby?”
“He stole your work and you didn’t involve Lestrade?” John asked, knowing at once that the contents would have to be such that she would not want Greg to see them, nor even know that they existed.
“For how long?” John knew he was literally making a deal with the Devil, but nothing else would end this animal trafficking ring. The only other way he could see was spending two to three years taking it down himself. Sherlock would think that more favorable, but John knew that reality too well to choose it again. MacPherson needed his mummy, if nothing else.
“Shit.” Greg breathed, turning to Sherlock and nodding once, before asking, “Sherlock, who do you think murdered this woman?”
John shook his head, keeping secrets, and Lucy grabbed his crappy mobile with a huff. “I don’t know how you survive with that fucking thing.”  It was at least four years old, cracked and scuffed from being in its owner’s pocket as he’d been kicking the shit out of people.
He’d written his speech, but knew he would end up delivering something extemporaneously. With his memory, he hardly needed notes or preparation, though he had made some out of respect for the august body he was addressing. It never was a good idea to tell people just how intelligent he was, not when it was often it was something he often needed to get out of sticky situations.
The poor canine knew something was changing in his life, and his ability to grasp at hope and joy after a life of untold pain and suffering shook John deeply, as it had done for the past few months of his rehabilitation. Over time, he had found himself seeing London through MacPherson’s eyes, and found that he wanted the dog to have every possible positive experience he possibly could in life. In this, he and Sherlock was totally and completely united. It seemed a strange, and yet perfectly correct, objective to share.
“Doc’ll be with you in a tic, Laura.” Mickey assured her as he flipped the kettle on, and sipped his horribly overpriced Starbucks. He was finishing his internship in a few days, and John would miss him. However, he could not afford to pay him a respectable wage, and so he gave Mickey a glowing letter and wished him the best in his new post. He certainly added life to the office.
He glanced at Chaplain Parker, who looked faintly embarrassed. “I make lists of whatever’s on my mind before I pray. It's almost meditative.”
Sherlock tilted her head, as her curls bounced, restrained in a ponytail. “Well?”
Sherlock wheezed, shit, shit, shit, “Who?”
That was all there was to it.
“You know...” Mike smiled, “You’re not the first person to say that to me today.”
John Watson lived a life of objectives. He had to always have an objective in the front of mind, in order to survive, in order to save his patient, in order to make it through the day. He sometimes felt adrift with the enormity of the weight on his shoulders, how one decision had led to another. He’d never expected to get in so deep, but he supposed that’s what happened when you signed your life over for Queen and Country.
Sherlock roused, likely having perfectly perfected timing this drive from Baker Street, and ran her fingers along the bottom of her coil of hair, tucking a few loose curls away, as though she hadn’t been in her Mind Palace for the entire drive, “Make the next left.”
Mike glanced where Sherlock had been sitting, “She’s always like that. You’ll get used to it.”
“John, would you like to go for a walk?” Sarah pointedly phrased the question that made it clear the invitation was not a request. John didn’t know if he had passed or failed the test that was implicit in her expression. Her change of the subject gave him little information. “We could get some waffles, down the road?”
John knew she had hidden a few things, including the cracked rib she was ignoring, and a fresh bruise on her collarbone. “She doesn’t need you to cackle like a hen.” John began, “If Sherlock has been hurt, she’s got a right to choose if she wants to talk about it, and to choose whom she tells.”
“Molly says that I am too polite.” Sherlock dismissed that notion with her tone’s inflection, “It would be foolish to discontinue our discourses at this juncture. I made it clear that I was married to my Work, and he became less overt. He has a brilliant mind, even if it is used in less than rational pursuits.”
“You have no proof!” Dr. Marshall, the Head of Psychology at the hospital blustered. He took it very personally that she had brought knowledge to his employees, for he felt that his ways of being and doing were the only ways of being and doing, as was very common in privileged White men. Sherlock hated the patriarchy, just as she hated the way he embraced it.
“I told you, John, didn’t I, that you were incapable of seeing beyond your suppositions.” Macon replied, static on the line. John prayed the program would come through and he would have a location within seconds, “Hector was never a homeless mutt. He was bred and trained for one purpose, and one purpose only. You subverted that purpose.”
John shoved his waffle container at the boy, who dropped it into the bin. He seemed to consider his words, as though he needed to explain himself, “But, but I swear I was only looking out for her. She’s been good to me. Never asks for anything finky.”
“Let’s not and say we did.” John suggested, rocking back on his heels, and saw a pale vivid dress hanging on the rack beside the offending Cornflower dress. It was Sherlock. It screamed her name. He forbade himself from thinking about the specks of purple around the rim of her irises. That was just so not done. However, it did seem to check a lot of her typical boxes when it came to clothing.
“MacPherson is suffering,” Sherlock hissed, “my clothes are utterly ruined, and you’re worried about meaningless sex with your girlfriend?”
John ate his banana covered waffle, trying in vain to think about how he was going to settle this war within himself. He liked Sarah. The emotion he felt for her was genuine. But could he love her, in time? Was he looking for love? He was happy, largely, with his life. This thing with Sarah felt like something he should want, rather than something he did, even though he did want her in his life. She was a great person, kind and funny, and smart, and good with patients, and fun to go for a pint with, and she was a great boss.
Her phone buzzed. And just like that, John was no longer her focus. He missed the intensity of her gaze as she spoke into the phone,“What? No! I forbid it. ” She hung up, muttered, “Why do they never text?”
“He scared her.” Molly revealed, though John noted that she did not deny his query. “She never said as much, but I knew grown women who were terrified of him. He would lean into her space, talk over her, twist what she saw, and belittle her, all the while taking credit for her work. He’d been a member of a revision group and his massive intellect hid the lack of a soul from many people. I threatened to throw acid in his face if he ever approached her when she was alone.”
“It is not quantity, but quality. John puts his degrees to use.” Sherlock peered at her, and it was all Lucy could do not to laugh at how adorable they were, “In any case, you will settle this dispute quite nicely.”
“That’s only because there’s no room in your trousers for pockets.” Sherlock stood on shaky feet, and pressed her hands to the cast iron sink after leaving the dining room behind.
“Aye, Doc.” Hawker spoke slowly and carefully around his compress, likely in a massive amount of pain. John thought the flannel he was using to be very similar to the ones at 221B, but he wasn’t going to ask. He wasn’t sure how much Hawker cared to make their connection via Sherlock known, and that was entirely Hawker’s choice. “I’m out of the antibiotics you gave me last.”
“Mrs. Watson…” There was sympathy in the woman’s tone. Sherlock wanted nothing to do with her emotions. She wanted her to do her job, her bloody fucking job.
John had forty minutes left to go before changing out, and the man in his Belstaff appeared. “You’re a doctor. A surgeon. Rigor can be manipulated, of course, but this bruising pattern...”
John bore the delay with little grace. He did not know who her relative Sherri was, nor at the moment did he care. The date had been miserable, and John was forced to face some realizations. He liked Sarah, but the conversation over spanakopita had been banal. Nobody could have faulted its pleasantness or the companionship therein, but John found himself missing looking down at his plate and finding that a person hadn’t picked at half of it. He found himself missing the bits of crime scenes on the table, and missed not having to worry about what he said or didn’t say. He had found himself missing Sherlock, and that wasn’t fair to anyone.
His eyes fluttered open upon John’s approach. Gently, he nudged Sherlock’s hand. “I can’t help him.”
When he said as much to the horse, Sherlock scoffed and retorted, "It is clear that Austen's best work was
John smiled, “Actually, I’d like a nice tub, you know, and maybe a plushy sofa.”
John eyes narrowed. The message was received. In being invited here, it was clear that he was being welcomed into the inner circle of Holmesian confidences. Thusly, it was clear that Sherlock was trying to protect him, trying to smooth the way. She was trying to make sure that no one tried to…to change him. “Jesus.”
“No, John, I’m conducting an experiment.” Sherlock snapped, “Yes, I’m shopping. As this involves MacPherson, I felt it only equitable that you come along.”
“She worked at Queen Elizabeth.” John confirmed, no longer wondering if the small things that had seemingly just happened were coincidence or something bigger.
He needed to scope out the room. It was wide, rectangular, with two side doors wallpapered over to look like the wall, several windows, and one main door. His back was never to the doors as he observed the people. Something was not right, here. They socialized, chatting about this and that. John heard bits about someone’s children, and worse, grandchildren. Snippets hit John’s ears, and he exchanged smiles when people met his gaze. It looked normal, but that was the trick. Things that looked normal never really were normal.
“I just want to know what you care to tell me.” John refused her offer. Really, he didn’t feel any need to invade her privacy. She had grown, changed, and though he was glad to know anything she felt she wanted to share, it was important to him that it came from her.
The next day, John’s phone buzzed, pulling him from his racing thoughts. His bank account had a deposit, a sum far greater than he understood.
John stood, just as Sherlock marched across the room, took up the plate, and dumped the plate into her messenger bag.
Sherlock, from the back, observed John. Her deductions had been inccorect, driven more by her own emotions, her own fears, not by truth, not by knowledge, not by fact. This failing lanced through her as had her previous failings with Victor.
Sherlock wandered off when it pleased her, and they met up back in the car. “Are you ever going to carry the shopping?”
Sherlock nodded once, very directly, and he supposed that this was not an answer to his unspoken question, because she acted as though she had merely read the weather forecast and headed off to the loo to shower and change. “Please see that you add the fish oil and probiotics to his dinner, John.”
Back to the end of Chapter Three next update.
“The fact remains that you did not. So you lose.” Lucy announced,  “Also, I have three postgraduate degrees. More than John.”
“I’m a soldier, Sherlock.” John assessed the wound with steady hands. “It’s what we do.”
“Sun care is—” John began, wishing anew that he could make her slather herself in 75 SPF and wear a hat at all times.
John rather hoped that the case would stretch onward. He really did not want to see Mycroft looking dubiously at MacPherson. If he did, however, John decided he would take the dog to Mycroft’s wardrobe and find Mycroft’s shoes and let MacPherson have at it. He’d take the dog into Mycroft’s study and let him loll on the settee. He was very nearly to explosion with the way the older Holmes treated his sister’s dog, largely because it hurt Sherlock deeply, each glance a blow and each word a taunt. Sherlock clammed up and MacPherson recoiled away from Mycroft like the other man reminded him of his past, neither of which John could easily observe.
Sherlock shook her head, and John saw a bruise blooming on the side of her face, a bruise that filled him with rage. Clearly, Victor had struggled getting her into the chair, and had used more than just his boiling pot of acid to compel her. Had he kidnapped her?  “What is your aim, Trevor?”
John was terribly sorry to bother the staff, who was incredibly busy. He was redirected twice to the site director. It took him a minute to find her in the bustle and din. Janet was a stern woman in her mid-fifties that had been on the front lines of the war against poverty since before John Watson had been born, and she knew it.
John did not need to expound on how he was never supposed to have ever used details he’d picked up from the corpse to learn his name, nor was he to ever become personally involved with his story. And yet, he had used his ability to, in Sherlock’s terms, deduce to do just that. John felt no shame over it. It simply wasn’t something he had ever told anyone.
Waller spoke, just as they rounded a corner, John’s cane keeping pace easily. “It’s just inside, out of the heat, sir.”
Clearly, Greg blamed himself. A girl he loved as a daughter had been assaulted, traumatized, and she had not said a word to him. He was no doubt asking himself where he had failed, what he could have done differently, both before and after that day. It weighed heavily. John saw a new weight settle between his shoulders, and John knew it would be a long time before it lifted.
“Wait, wait.” John looked at the waif, thin and bedraggled, like someone out of Charles Dickens, if Dickens had written young man with combat boots and piercings. “Breathe.”
Rain began to fall heavily around them, the first drops barely even a prelude to the force of the oncoming rain, so quickly did it start. The rain jumped up, making him feel wetter and more miserable.
She had checked in at the desk, as was the way of this process, and stuck the awful name tag onto her dress. She headed into the buffet spread, hoping for at least a bagel to spike her blood sugar before listening to some old, puffed up, self-important upper-class, white guy, pontificate about STI prevention when she knew damn well he’d not had a good shag in at least 75 years, not because he was old, but because he was married to his work.
The footsteps did not retreat.
John rolled his eyes as the vet squeezed past him, a focused look in her eyes as she put her hands in place of his. The expression on the professional’s face was known to him, as it was the expression he’d seen too many times on his own face. She was thinking, “How do I tell these people that no matter what I do, their loved one will die?”
Sherlock opened the pocket door on the wall opposite her bed, and slid it fully back to reveal a second bedroom. It was clearly a former extension of Sherlock’s space, but had been redone as a sitting room with a pullout. John hefted his duffle and set it easily on the plush bed. He looked to the nearby door, “That’s the loo?”
John made no bones about hiding a yawn in his elbow, shifting his weapon to do so. Victor was keen, it seemed, to make friends, even though they had been following the system for pheasant hunting that provided little room for discussion, as John had drawn the short straw of driving the birds down to the guns with Greg and the dog that had taken to Greg years ago. “Don’t you shoot, Dr. Watson?”
“If you want a PA to make you tea and answer your phones, Sherlock, hire one.” A silver haired man John had observed approaching said, “Your security detail is not your nanny.”
“It’s not a big bloody deal, Sherlock.” John told her, “Mycroft’s a mallet-swinging, file-shuffling, bureaucrat, but if his machinations meant you were thinking of me while I was over there, I don’t mind it. I do wish you’d been encouraged to explore other—”
She did not answer it. Instead, she shoved it at John, who found himself saying, “Hello?” Feeling strange, he added, “Sherlock Holmes’s phone.”
John did not trust his rabbiting heart. He had thought of her quite a bit, and not just in a sexual way, which just told him that he needed to get out there and chat up a teacher or a fellow doctor or someone out for a bit of fun down the pub. He’d tried to text a friend or something, but it had been a pointless thought, one he’d lost as soon as her eyes had flashed over his mind. He was happier staying in, knowing his surveillance unit was sitting out in a car in the summer’s heat, wasting time and petrol, watching him do absolutely nothing.
“Sherlock—” Mycroft was saying, “You cannot keep an animal such as this one in an abode like Baker Street. He has no room to run or play. The Gorden’s are a good family. They’ve a little girl, and a son at Harrow. MacPherson would want for nothing.”
“Jesus Christ.” Anderson blurted, knowing full well what that meant, “I hope that beast is obedient.”
John tried desperately, desperately, to be stern. “Sherlock.”
John muttered, “I’m beginning to see why people try to kill you.”
John followed Sherlock up the stairs, watching as she unlocked the door and passed the keys over her shoulder to him, for she never bothered with something as pedestrian as keys when picking a lock or banging on the door was more efficient. They walked inside, and John gaped.
Sarah did not approach the dog, but she did give him a friendly smile. “He’s much, ah, bigger, in person.”
smile felt and tasted as good as he’d long ago decided it must.
John simply nodded, and handed Murray some water-flavoring powder packets. Jaffa cakes were nestled in one corner, along with some hobnobs. Murray, however, peered into the box and grabbed a tin. Inside, John noted, were homemade biscuits, nestled properly in food grade paper. This tin was oatmeal, proper oatmeal biscuits, clearly having been made with real butter and oats.
Finally, after another ten minutes, some tourist screamed, “Oi! Fucking get away from him, you tosser! He can’t talk!” The man’s broad country tones, deeply Lancastrian, made John want to smile.
Sherlock did not furnish the man with data, for that belonged solely to her Mind Palace, and she would not violate the privacy of the bond forged between people who saw everything, “He questions his very personhood, his ability to be of service to people around him, his right to be here, with every breath he takes.”
“It’s only sensible, given the probabilities of future occurrences.” Sherlock replied, “I have done my research, and I think the Paraguard best for my body. I am uncomfortable with hormones I have not synthesized myself, and the manufacture of a pill each month is tedious and something I am likely to disregard in the midst of cases. The consequences of such an action would be unpleasant.”
Blocks away, in an office in Mayfair, a man smiled. He was no longer the military man he had once been, and he doubted Watson even recalled the shy man who had shared quarters with him at Sandhurst. Now, apart from a little governmental work, he was a staid man who read grain reports and managed properties.
“It’s neither my money nor my concern.” Sherlock climbed into the car after John, and pulled the door shut in Mycroft’s face, but not before John saw some of the concern leave his face.
John sobered, unable to focus on anything but Sherlock. He saw someone covering Victor’s body, and told her for only her to hear. “I love you.”
John cursed roundly as he went after the goddamned ball.
Sherlock seemed taken aback by this deduction, “Why? Ah. Having grown up with John, you are obviously more aware than most of his latent homosexual desires, and you therefore, feel that I am a decent match for him. I assure you that I am not. He is, by far, my superior, in all matters, except deduction. I am the best at deduction.”
John looked at Sarah as he shut the door himself.
“I stabbed him.” Sherlock declared, something bubbling in her eyes that had John reaching out to embrace her.
Greg inhaled, “No, Sherlock. There will be making my detectives play hide and find, and there will be no...just, just...No.”  He grimaced, “I’m not ready for this. I should have stayed in Mustique.”
“Wrong.” Lucy said, “If by doctor, you mean a physician, you would be quite erroneous.”
The first days of their stay passed slowly. Sherlock was contented to ramble around the farm. She sunned herself like a cat in the sun drenched bed they shared at the back of the house. She took small cases by Skype and email. Her brilliant mind and laser focus seemed centered on the farm. Though he knew it was a temporary shift, it was amazing to watch her brilliance shine in a new setting, especially one that held as many conflicting feelings and memories as did Ormond Farm.
If it wasn’t the Army weighing on him, it was knowing that he had friends like Mike back home who were slowly establishing themselves in civilian careers as consultants. Mike’s wife was having their second baby, for fuck’s sake. John was career Army. He’d probably end up married to a fellow officer in his forties, though why the hell he was even thinking about marriage irritated him. The only functional marriage he’d ever seen was Nan and Gramps, and they were the exception to the rule, insofar as John could tell.
Karen Matheson is one of my top five artists. It's why I linked her version.
When their headlights flashed across the window as they pulled to a stop, the front door was pulled open, and Nan was rushing into the yard behind Chowley, who was eager to sniff any new person that came into his domain.
“He’s proud of you.” John shrugged, leading the way into the house and starting up the stairs, “He enjoys thinking about you. There’s nothing more to it.”
Sherlock tucked hair behind her ears, a wild curl that seemed as disinclined to listen as Sherlock herself, “Don’t delude yourself, John, you run the risk of becoming dull.”
John tried to sweeten the offer with a bit more detail. “Well, we could do dinner afterwards, if you like.”
In a moment or two, the autumn sunlight illuminated the glass windows of a large, sandy-colored home, with vines climbing up the walls. Sherlock read the thoughts dancing across his face before they were smoothed away. John blamed his lack of a poker face on being distracted by the process of drawing up around the circle drive and parking the car in front, as it seemed the thing to do.
Yeah, right, Watson. The bullet between the eyes wasn’t personal.
Maybe, just maybe, she could be the world’s only consulting female. It certainly beat her academic position. She couldn’t call her coworkers idiots, but to John, well that was their pet name. “Say, Sherlock? Ever thought of expanding your little crime solving family?”
“Why are you so irritating this morning?” Sherlock tended her fire carefully, actually encouraging it.
“Just meet her. Christ. I’m not asking you to marry her and have six unruly babies in the next ten years.” Stamford joked, “Though I do think it would suit you.”
“Oh, John.” Sherlock stated as she pinned up locks of hair that had fallen from her nape, “Do not pander to Giles’s delusions.”
“Brother, this behavior simply must stop.” Umbrella man said, as a backboard was slid under Sherlock by a bevy of paramedics, one who was probably a trauma doctor, “I offered to...”
“You’re a doctor.” Sherlock paused, “You were an army doctor.”
Greg shook his head, “Thanks, but I’d rather not freeze. Did you get a chance to look at the file I sent?”
Looking at one another, they simply cracked up. Sherlock began to giggle as John laughed at his own joke. She muffled her giggles against John’s leather jacket, and pressed her lips against his pulse point, as though to prove that he was alive and whole. “Oh, God, John, he was such a bad scientist. You should see how he cooked up that concoction, like something out of a cartoon. I tried to offer advice, but he just went along throwing things in the pot!”
And with that pronouncement, Sherlock was gone, the door open behind her.
The week before MacPherson was meant to come home, John joined Sherlock after getting her usual
John wondered how that information made sense, knowing that Sherlock had no idea who the PM was. Then again, he’d never asked her what she knew of the war, and he wasn’t about to do so. She had made it clear on several occasions that she wanted something to be made plain between him and Greg, though she had told him to come home after, as though her projections had told him he might go somewhere else.
“Please try not to deduce the medical staff.” John reminded her, accepting her refusal but thankful all the same for her genuine hesitation and consideration. It said enough that the dread in his heart began to dissipate, “Ask for something if it hurts instead.”
He must have stood there like a gaping fish, until he heard Sherlock say, “John.” Her eyes were confused, until he blinked twice. Then she said, “Coffee.”
Jessica paused, binning the supplies she’d used to push opioids into his IV line. She looked up at John, and though he was operating at one-quarter functionality, mentally, he saw confusion and genuine concern on her olive-toned face, “Yes, you do.” She insisted this gently, “She was here yesterday, the charge nurse escorted her to you.”
He worried about her, thought about her when things got quiet or he got tired. He was worried he was falling for a figment of his imagination. He’d combed the books for some indicator, some name or number scribbled in the margins, but there was nothing save the occasional critical remark written in a legible code along the edge of the occasional page, as though she could not help herself. It had taken John six weeks to crack the code she used, and each time, he hoped it would lead to her name.
“Well, I was going to tell you about a List-Serv Molly was nattering on about earlier today, but now I’m just going to tell you that your fragile grasp of your own masculinity is not becoming.” Sherlock’s eyes glinted, and she looked every inch the warrior queen the press made her out to be when she shoved away so hard that John had to blink as she strode off, collected the dog, and threw the tennis ball at his head.
Secretly, he wondered why he was here.
Molly hauled Sherlock off to the loo, who delivered a pointed Sherlockian barb in Victor’s direction and swanned away, leaving John with his prey.
And just like that, James Vernet disappeared into London traffic as quickly as he had appeared.
John grinned. John doled one out, even removing the foil before passing it over to her, and bit into one himself. “Consider yourself lucky I didn’t eat you in the womb and shut it.”
In the distance, John saw Sherlock walking MacPherson through a deduction from where he sat next to her crouching body. He was halfway to wondering  if he’d been replaced wholesale when the dog moved at the slightest command from Sherlock, and began moving steadily in his direction.
“And if we know he’s here for the night…” John ventured. “We can simply head to London, get them back—”
The headlines next to the till blared:
Sherlock raced off on a tear around the unit, heading with unashamed haste to John’s psychologist. He was an idiot, but he could take action over time to actually help John. Pausing in front of the man’s office, Sherlock tucked her hair back, smoothed down her blazer, and knocked on the door.
Sherlock heard footsteps, and exhaled. Her stomach jumped, though of course that was simply because she had been subjected to the coffee here, and had drank two cups out of sheer boredom. She made her way slowly, ever so slowly, back to her escort as she heard a voice say, “Captain, we certainly welcome you to New York…”
“I surely won’t.” Nan agreed, clasping his hands one final time, “I’m going to sun myself until I come back as brown as your Grampy’s old saddle.”
Something in his tone made John wonder what he really saw in the clench of John’s gloved hands.
She was slumped over a microscope, and her blouse was riding up in the back. John wanted to put his lips there. He also wanted to feed her up. He hadn’t yet seen her eat. He also wanted to tell her not to push Mike around. He was a good sort.
The man’s mouth tightened. His phone buzzed three more times in the span of a heartbeat.
Her town car brought her the United Nations, complex. Sherlock exited the car, smoothed back her hair, and strode toward the Secretariat Building with purpose. The security was an annoyance, and she did not appreciate any impediment upon what was a natural course of events.
After a few seconds, he felt like an absolute cad. Sherlock had only ever tried to help him, support him, be there for him. And yet, he had thrown everything she had ever done for him in her face because he felt powerless right now. That wasn’t okay, it wasn’t fair to her, and it wasn’t something he intended to let fester between them.
When Sherlock gathered her bag, John looked up from where he was sitting with MacPherson to ask, “Do you want me to come along?”
“Already done, Doc.” Mickey replied, “She’s sending Debbie, you know her? That woman with the six grandkids and the sparkly bag that has a schnauzer on it?”
John’s mind was filled as he unpacked the luggage and moved the car. Sherlock’s room was entirely her, from the books jammed onto shelves on the walls, to the various bits of lab equipment. There was a shelf of moleskins that no doubt held decades of data collection. It amazed John to see that she had replicated her bedding at Baker Street. It was clear that Sherlock liked what she liked, and hang what anyone might say or think about it.
“Your position at the clinic hardly made efficient use of your expertise.” Sherlock continued, “You took the job because it suited you. Despite your over-qualification in every area, you chose to be there. This awareness will assist you in your consideration of open positions.”
Sherlock took it for what it truly was, and added a bit of extra venom to her response, “Bitch.”
He was off on a rant, and looked to John, giving Sherlock the time she needed out from under scrutiny to begin to extricate herself, “You know, it was easy enough to befriend The Freak. It was easy enough to peek at her notes, only to find that they had nothing to do with the work in the lab, and everything to do with her activities. It was easy enough to set her up to lose everything, not once, but twice—”
“I do not care to discuss family matters in public.” Mycroft elaborated, clearly having already had Sherlock’s hacked medical file brought to his attention, “You and the canine will get in this vehicle, and you and I will be having a chat about my twenty-one year old sister’s whereabouts.”
She scoffed, “The lease. You’re family, John.” She passed him the basket she held. “After I take my soothers, he may bark as loudly as he likes. I have noticed you’re very careful to be quiet in the evenings, but I want you to feel as though Baker Street is your home. You may of course bring anyone you like into it.” She continued, “Even if it is that lady doctor friend of yours.”
“Look, if you really need me to do it, I can compartmentalize. I may not have a Mind Palace, but I have my ways.” John replied, knowing that he had some of his skills left, and would never hesitate to use them, “I’m not pushing you, but you can’t go on like this, and maybe, just maybe, I might get it. Sherlock thinks we should talk.”
It seemed that John too was running out of patience, though he hid it so well that only Sherlock saw it. As ever, trying to soothe his sister, as though her sobriety was his responsibility. “Harry, please don’t make a fuss of this. We knew this would be my life when I joined up, and I’m glad I did. The Army suits me.”
John followed Pete down a hallway that was glutted with people, as they walked through a wide room decked with tables facing a canteen line.
Umbrella Man was Mycroft Holmes. Good Good. With that clicking into place, John
“Your luggage came.” John replied, stating the obvious, as there were cases everywhere. “Are you packing today?”
“Don’t be obtuse. If you would only think about what’s going on in the here and now, you wouldn’t even have to ask.” Sherlock replied, “There was approximately less than one third of one percent of this happening. Still, it is not beyond your powers of observance.”
Harry was trying out sobriety once again, motivated by guilt and duty. She wouldn’t be able to stay sober, not that he blamed her. She hadn’t found her own reasons to dry out, and she and Mum had always been close. He’d never had that closeness with Mum, largely because he’d always felt he had to take care of her, and he’d never felt right going to her with problems when Harry did that enough for the both of them.
“You’ll find that we can.” Sherlock replied, “Talk.”
“He stole your findings?” John asked, knowing university labs to be cutthroat places from time to time. There was no question in his mind that Victor had made Sherlock’s safe spaces at University an absolute hell.
“I’m not back in.” He dealt a swift blow to her hopes. “I need information.” John sipped his coffee from Speedy’s, looking for all the world as a normal Londoner.
Something shifted between them. She didn’t even touch the computer. Nothing about this visit would be on record. The nurse was trusting her own deductions and putting her neck out for Sherlock.
A week after MacPherson came home, they had established something of a routine. Sherlock tended to him in between experiments and cases, though she eschewed meeting with clients and instead turned to Skype, though that would last only until MacPherson found his feet. John returned to the surgery a day after MacPherson’s arrival at Baker Street, and used his lunch break at the end of the day to take the dog on a leisurely stroll to the park and to play with him. John felt it important they bond as a dyad as well as within the household.
"You were the one who sent that invitation, Myc." Greg returned, "For god's sake, stop being an idiot."
John had to step away, do his 15 paces, and come back. When he turned on his heel, he observed the man still standing there, staring at him intently. When John returned to his post, the man’s mouth ran as though his words couldn’t keep up with his brain. Possibly manic, John decided.
Sherlock was opening the door, just as he flailed out of the loo.
Nan cut him off with a merry laugh as she got in her friend Susan’s car to head for the airport, “Oh, do something reckless once or twice in your life. You might find you enjoy it.”
“I have no need to play Sir Galahad.” John replied, “Nor am I in the business of judging her relationships. She’s my friend, after all.”
“Holmeses do not frizz, John.” Sherlock sniffed, brushing her fingers against his own as she plucked the wooden bristled brush from his grasp. He imagined her lingering for a long second, as though she had just given him an opportunity to take her hand.
John looked much more relaxed than she felt. “Hey, Mike.”
Flatfooted, John realized that they were roughly the same height. Sherlock routinely wore heels of varying styles, saying that she had no interest in apologizing for being tall. John fully supported this, if for no other reason than she was sticking it to the patriarchy and being herself in one fell swoop. But as her violinist’s hands went to her tiny buttons on her blouse, John was stuck by the intimacy of this moment, and how much he wanted to press his lips to hers, just to see if that
“Semper fi.” Sherlock replied, knowing full well that the girl’s cousin was from somewhere in the American Southwest, likely Texas or Arizona. Sherlock spent a moment arranging with the waitress to take care of John’s bill, handing over cash she had withdrawn from her own account. John would object entirely to Mycroft’s funds footing his bill, and part of friendship was accepting his personal wishes, however illogical. “Please give him this note, and whatever you do, please don’t mention me.”
He stopped thinking, mostly because now was not the time to think. Now was the time to trust his training and act. “Sherlock?”
“I don’t talk about your parents on the blog.” John replied, knowing that Nan was making something of a point to them both. “Or Mycroft all that frequently.”
The granny smiled at him, “You know what they say about doctor’s wives, dear.”
They weren’t even bothering to blend. The driver knew where he lived, which John had known because the damn car had been in front of his bedsit for days without fail.
She appeared to be suffering from shock. John tried to put this experience together for Sarah, “I think she likes you, Sarah.”
“Do cease in the direction of your thinking.” Sherlock grinned, “There are more pressing matters to address than your passing thoughts of intercourse.”
John swallowed. He’d seen worse, but he didn’t need Greg to know that. Worse or better never really applied in these situations anyway. They were mere platitudes that helped him to understand that he had to survive the scenes playing out in his head, even now. “He’s been behind all those crimes in the States, Canada, and Norway.”
“Because I’m the only one who can keep up with you intellectually, and I run faster.” Lucy quipped, unable to help the soft smile that covered her face, “Plus, Peter’s a brainless idiot. You know it, Johnny.”
Once again, Sherlock hissed,  “John, surely you know more than these people. They’ve pictures of poodles on the wall. Dancing poodles.”
“Funny.” John remarked, “That’s what I was thinking about you.”
The gibbon panted. John saw the gibbon, a few rare birds, a few rodents of some sort, and cages he’d rather avoid if possible. Living in the desert for so long had given him something of a phobia of spiders. It’d been a joke for his mates, but right now, he knew that if it meant saving the spiders, he’d carry them with his bare hands.
“You pulled me out of a lot of gutters and wiped a lot of vomit off of my face, John.” Harry acknowledged, “Thank you for letting me be here with you.”
The line went dead. Sherlock’s phone buzzed with an incoming text. Her hands shook as she passed it over to John, Evie reading over his shoulder.
As though they were communicating, Sherlock pulled her requisite size from the rack and added it to the pile. He looked through the pile of dresses, and put money down on the pale silk dress. He thought it was a sort of purple-blue and that was all he was going to think about it. “I think you have enough to try on. You’re going to crowd your data set.”
John rolled his eyes, omitting the truth that he had borrowed the damn novels from her, though she called them research. “I assume there’s more to your interactions with Mr. Trevor.”
“I can’t apologize for it.” Sarah replied, “I never wanted pets or the trappings of a family life, and it’s clear you aren’t as closed off to the idea of them as I had assumed.”
She was likely apologizing for her mother’s comments, even though she said nothing more as she stared at him with a burning intensity.
“I’m telling you—” John broke off, not wanting to get annoyed with her damned insistence. “You have me mixed up with another guy.”
Alright, enough laying in wait, John thought.
John hated being on the other side of the interrogation table. And yet, here he was, again, being poked and prodded to share every moment of his actions and his day, like a debriefing. It sent a chill up his spine. Additionally, these long, drawn out regurgitations with Greg felt like a reminder that for every time he had sat on the other side of the table, he would be sitting here.
John did not quite know what to say in return. Violet however, had seemingly gathered her information in much the same way her daughter collected data. She made her way home after a moment or two of banal chat that was rife with double meanings and complexities that rivaled, if not surpassed, Sherlock’s own lexicon.
“Then, and then, we got a call that you had crashed in flight, and they were rerouting you to Germany.” Greg continued, “I was the one who called Sherlock and told her that...that...”
He realized that if he wanted to be open and honest, he might have to play the game.
He had built up something of a practice, and more than that, he had begun to serve as a community nexus for people who were most in need of support. On Tuesdays, the nutritionist volunteered, often bringing along the diabetes educator. He had a psychologist donating her time, a domestic violence centre providing support, and was in the process of finding a dental student to come and lend their expertise in the final parts of their training.
Captain Watson was too formal. She might as well march up to him and declare, “Treat me like one of your subordinates, John! Take an interest in my career and tell your mates I’m like the little sister you never had!” She’d have better luck tripping over him in these handmade platform heels and letting her eyes go wide and telling him that she loved him for who he was, and she really wanted to name their eldest son Hamish, because that wouldn’t scare him or have him advocating for a psychological evaluation, of course it wouldn’t.
James chuckled, “She fails to understand that as her brother, I have my duties. It’s not my fault some are more pleasant than others.”
Sherlock’s responses were more musical than he had ever dreamed, though he did his damnedest to swallow her cries with the firm press of his lips and tongue, simply because he wanted to make the absolute most of what they had in this moment. Their pulses thundered in tandem, and John grinned as he realized that they had likely instituted a post-case ritual far more satisfying than shooting the wall, screaming at one another in hushed voices so as not to upset MacPherson, and watching crap telly.
Darkness had fallen. There was a scuffle, and John heard feet thudding towards St. James Palace. John wished night vision goggles came standard with his greatcoat in the coldness of early Autumn. The light spilled from his sentry box, and he saw a man fall to a heap, just where his fourteenth stride would have been.
“Perhaps, but…” Victor smiled, and John knew that he had just painted himself to be another hapless victim of the cruel Sherlock Holmes. He hated being allied with Victor in his mind, but this would serve them well. “Perhaps not, my friend.”
After all, not matter else what they were to one another, they were friends. He wasn’t going to judge her over this, over anything. He had no need to play Sir Galahad, for Sherlock had no doubt done that for him, was that for him. He had no need to play the hero. Heroes had scruples in protecting those they loved. John did not.
The flypast was over, the Royals had waved and looked suitably royal and commanding, and the whole thing was done. John had wasted his whole day. If Ella ever heard him say that, she would drop to the floor in a faint, but it was true. John wouldn’t work to rouse her, because she’d only want to explore his feelings.
John understood where the kid was coming from, and sent him off to make tea just as the locals pulled up in their panda. He had done something thoughtless, but he likely wasn’t in league with anyone who wanted to hurt MacPherson or wished him ill.
He was trying to sneak out. Lucy felt his movement building next to her. He was keeping the jump on his texts, so the phone wouldn’t buzz. Lucy could see that John was trying to pay attention to the doctor, who was not going on about STIs, but was in fact, discussing Vitamin D levels. “Our most recent study into the matter found that low vitamin D levels were connected to certain tumors, such as....”
With a winning smile, Sherlock left John behind to her mother’s clutches as she swanned away. Mummy came to the doorway just as Father Holmes led him indoors, chatting on about the journey. John, quick to do as he was told, came out of the chill and removed his coat. Father Holmes himself took the coat, going on that Jane and Tom were away, regrettably.
John got on with his objectives, carving out a corner at the back of the nearly empty prep kitchen behind the service kitchen, using a burner that plugged into the wall and was meant for coffee in order to put a chair nearby and use the counter to set up a workspace. After a minute, he left the water on to boil with his tools and fished the tiny bottle of oral rinse out of his bag. He kept it there for various reasons, but was glad to have it for professional ones in this moment.
Mrs. Hudson blinked. “He’s a big dog, then?”
After a few more moments of agonizing chatter, John escorted Sarah to the flat. He did not attempt to kiss her, and she did not say she would call him. She would not be going out with him on Monday, nor again, and he wouldn’t be asking. Before she headed out onto the pavement of Baker Street, Sarah smiled sadly, and noted, “I never took you for the kind of man that wanted a dog, John.”
“After eight, we unlock the naked ladies and have a go at being base.” John admitted, willing to say anything to keep those bright eyes focused and alert. He would even admit that he was up for promotion, not that he wanted it.
Sherlock came up the stairs to their street, threw her flats at the smiley face, and threw herself on the sofa, not that he blamed her. He did have to avoid the sight of that silk dress rucked up around her thighs, however, as he sat on his chair and scrolled through the pictures that had arrived just before the woman in a great many of the shots.
“We’re going to get you out, mate.” John promised, as Sherlock worked to pick the first lock on the crate while Greg texted. John dimmed his torch, knowing they were running out of time. “You’re going to be fine.”
John wanted to march into that ballroom and settle this, once and for all. A dying man would certainly reveal the location of her notes, if only to keep breath in his lungs. She had been a seventeen year old girl with a diary and Victor had held their contents over her head. He wanted to hold her, wanted to make this go away, wanted to vindicate her. She was Sherlock Holmes, and she needed no champion, save the one she had within herself. However, she did have a loyal sidekick, and so John simply smiled, “What’s the plan?”
Molly barely hid the disgust in her voice, “Vicky, you gate crashed.”
“Men in committed relationships are more likely to be hired than single men.” Sherlock informed him, “Now is not the time for emotionalism.”
Dr. Norwood blanched, clearly having been working under the assumption that he had headed John off at the pass frequently. The possibility of being outfoxed had not occurred to the man, for which Sherlock cursed him mentally. She was not a trained psychologist, and yet even she could take one look at John and know that psychoanalysis was the last thing he needed. His mind was sacred to him, and he did not appreciate anyone toying with it. His mind was not someone’s play yard.
“This one’ll come early.” Laura insisted, as she sat up again and righted herself. “You just watch, Doc.”
John couldn’t possibly imagine those circumstances, not for a moment. It would probably be a hell unlike any other, to know that there were a million thoughts in her brain, but none were able to come out. He’d put patients on midazolam before surgery as a comfort measure, and they mostly blinked, leaned into comforting voices and touches. John had never spared a thought for their thoughts, beyond assuring them both that all would be well when they woke and they wouldn’t remember a thing. John couldn’t believe that he had ever thought that a comfort. Sure, it had wonderful uses for seizures, insomnia, and in end of life care, but it could also be used in executions.
Ten. Eleven. Twelve. Thirteen. “Sherlock. They are not your crime scenes.”
Sherlock spoke anew of the notes he had sought. “He read excerpts of my deductions and projections, and then took great pains to tell me what he would do with the information I had given him.”
John tried to shake his head. He wasn’t asking about himself. His concern was not for himself. He was concerned about Murray, and Escobar, and Pratt, and Jones. McGee, Chambal, Westlake, and Browne. The children. His patients. He wanted to know that the people he was responsible for were okay, that they hadn’t died or been injured because he had somehow failed.
John had to grit his teeth to get the word out, “Fine.”
Sherlock huffed. Not a fan of poetry, then.
“People are interested in you, old man.” John patted the dog’s fluffy body, “You can’t blame us for being cautious.”
Sherlock glared, shoving past the barrier. She primly directed her conversation to the dog, “MacPherson, you see, some things are constant in crime solving, chief amongst them Anderson’s idiocy. You have my permission to chew on him if you require some chewing time. The world would hardly miss…” her voice was covered by the noise of the crime scene and the sound of pandas pulling up. Sherlock had trained MacPherson for this, stealing an actual siren and other items to simulate a crime scene for their attempts at desensitization and preparation for a scene like this one.
John tried his best to take Sherlock’s advice to heart over the coming weeks, and tried to keep a handle on his perspective. He interviewed at a lot places. The hospitals rightly demanded a set schedule he could not offer, and struggled with the awareness that the private clinics that were so eager to have Dr. Watson on staff wanted more of the minor celebrity and less of the doctor on staff than he was comfortable providing. Last week, he’d nearly walked out on an interview that had the gall to mention Sherlock as though she were some kind of arm candy to boost the awareness of the practice. Presently, he was itchy in the suit he’d had to wear, never mind the bloody tie.
“Sherlock.” There was a soothing note in the elder brother’s voice that made John pause. For all of his haughtiness, Mycroft did care for his sister. John realized this with a sudden but unshakable clarity. Clearly, Mrs. Holmes had been warning him of this fact, as though it was not totally and fully evident. “I did not steal your DI. You know that I’d sooner...”
“You wore good clothes to go flitting about London and open-toed platform heels to go crawling down a drainage pipes! That’s not very logical, is it?”
He knew Molly well enough to know that she would talk when she was ready. John fully intended to be within arm’s reach of Sherlock and earshot of Molly when that happened. He offered the invitation, “Would you care to dance?”
“Your continued survival is the only way for me to get your half of the rent.” John let her off the hook. He knew, despite her assertions, that she was uncomfortable around Sarah. It was no wonder, really, with Sarah trying so hard to be nice, even as it was clear there was no real connection between them. False overtures of friendship had hurt Sherlock in the past. He’d tried to tell Sarah just to treat Sherlock perfunctorily and let things grow, but his advice had gone unheeded.
John replied in the affirmative, and texted an old friend who was based in Glasgow. They’d keep an eye on things. John had no doubt they’d want a ransom. He was prepared for a phone call to that end. Sherlock, however, when he came into the room had left behind Carter as suitable prey and was rattling off deductions and statements in English, French, and interestingly, Farsi.
‘Nice’ was far too pale a word to describe anything relating to one Sherlock Holmes. She had a depth of empathy and kindness, but nothing about her was so banal as to be phrased nice. Still, everything he loved and needed in and about his life was nothing that his Nan wanted for him.
Family was everything to Sherlock. MacPherson was family. Therefore MacPherson was everything to Sherlock. In that moment, he knew that his life had changed for the better the moment he had begun to scurry like a sewer rat through the drainage tunnel. He knew that there was nothing he would not do for that dog, who crawled into his lap at the animal hospital like a lapdog and who looked at Sherlock with open adoration.
John chewed his chicken. He was once again living in army barracks. He wanted to go back to Helmand. He never would have the chance. His leg and shoulder were too mangled, even if it wasn’t enough for a medical discharge.  “Hey Doc.”
“You’re welcome.” Sherlock smiled her genuine, crooked, smile, and clicked gently to maintain the horse’s focus as she ran a curry comb over the horse’s side. “John, meet Fritz. Fritz, John.”
Scrolling through data, and clicking through screens, John surmised that the young Mr. Trevor had capitalized on his connections to minor gentry and D-list celebrities to gain entry into his circles, though it was clear from those in the ballroom that Mr. Trevor was tolerated with bare civility, and nothing more.
(See the end of the chapter for
John realized that, for the first time, he was working under a cover he did not want. He was in way over his head. Here he was, talking to her father about the job he was paid to do, and his mind was drifting back to a night spent running around the wet muck of London, and how her breasts had felt pressed to his side.
“Do you mean to say that, with my wealth, prestige, and influence that you pity me?” The man pressed.
Her eyes glittered. John couldn’t help but stare. “I will leave when I leave, Mycroft.”
When they had absconded with Mycroft’s car, and Sherlock had ordered them back to her lab, Sherlock leaned against the seat, and closed her eyes. Her phone was clasped tightly in her hand. Pain tightened her mouth as she blew out a low breath.
By the next morning, Sherlock had baked a batch of biscuits for Nan. He’d earned himself a gentle reprimand when he’d tried to eat one, clipped MacPherson’s nails, binned everything in the fridge, and packed his bag. Sherlock packed her cases, readied MacPherson, and gathered her version of the basics for what she called the bare bones of a lab for her stay in Scotland.
She huffed when John reached and tried to get his phone back, “Lucy, give me the phone.” Oh, that was his Captain Watson voice. She just bet Sherlock folded like paper when he heard that, went weak in those gangly knees. It sounded like petulant posturing to her. “Give it.”
“Yes.” It was nothing more or less than the truth. He’d caused a few of those deaths, and he’d never been an innocent bystander no matter his role.
“I’m still not clear what you’re talking about.” John switched off the car as he pulled to a stop behind Gram’s comfortable Ford and next to Carter’s beater. John made a mental note to talk to Carter about not parking in wet grass, “I’ll be the first to admit I’m not getting it, but I don’t have a whole lot to go on, Sherlock.”
“To you?” Greg took a swig of his beer, and made a face. “How, exactly?”
“Mycroft, do be nice.” Violet declared, after their greetings. “I swear, every time you take up the notion to limit your carbs you become an absolute bear.”
“If I wanted to barter you off, I would have compelled you to stay in Vienna, or perhaps New York.” Mycroft’s smooth tones did nothing to settle his sister. “I was merely getting to know Dr. Watson. You cannot blame me for it.”
“That sounds about right. Mycroft went and stuck his umbrella in the whole mess, but she was remarkably happy about getting canned after weeks of an inquest.” Greg replied. “After that, she came down to London and focused on her caseload. Mycroft…”
“Dr. Holmes, security will escort you off premises, as soon as you have cleared your office.” Dr. Grosseman sighed as she signed yet more documentation that signaled the end of this hellish witch hunt that had spanned weeks, “If you will permit me, you are a very bright scientist. I commend your desire to assist others, but suggest to you that your unique talents and abilities would be better suited to a more solitary, academic, post.”
MacPherson lapped up the attention, nudging John’s hands for further petting. Sherlock blandly stated, “It has two hours, forty-two minutes, and twenty-nine seconds since we have last kissed, John.”
“I am not typically forthcoming.” Sherlock replied, before catching MacPherson going after her markers sneakily, “MacPherson, markers are not a sound part of a canine diet. Cease in your quest to ingest plastics and ink.”
John filed that away for private consideration, knowing full well that
There was one person who neither simple nor pedestrian, though he was confusing and annoying in his logical application of his own form of reasoning, which did not strike her as logical at all. Sherlock narrowed her awareness and felt a calm precision settle in her mind, a parameter of sorts that sought one thing and one thing only. She had no data leading her to this cafe. Deduction had told her that it was the sort of place a young British male would think he could best blend in this city of internationals. It was neither too French, nor too British, nor too Belgian. It was a cafe suited to catering to everyone by catering to exactly no one.
Sherlock, on FaceTime with Molly, merely flicked her eyes his way and intoned, “Certainly not.”
John shook his head as they walked outside, having already done all the paperwork and said goodbye to everyone that had mattered, even some of the dicks in the administration who had treated him like a leper over the last few months, “You know I can’t go back to Chelmsford, Harry.”
John reviewed his rationale for asking Sarah out, not for the first time. He liked her, first and foremost. She was kind, sweet, devoted to her work, funny, and pretty. He liked spending time with her, and something about her name sent a bolt of rightness down his spine. There were no better reasons for seeking her company on a Friday night, especially on a Friday night when there were no cases.
Then, and then, the ship was filled with the sounds of boots and voices searching out Mr. Weston. He made every attempt to run, but John caught him. If he broke a few of Weston’s ribs in the process, well, that was only one-tenth of what he planned to do.
Sarah sighed, and John knew that the stressors of trying to balance facets of his life were not helped by the nosey parkers showing up at the clinic for non-medical reasons. “You know, we’re going to have to figure out a way to weed out people who are coming to see Dr. Watson and people who are making appointments to see Dr. Watson.”
The game was afoot, and rather than make one up, Victor Trevor had led them right to it. Whether or not they were playing into his hand was immaterial. In the end, Victor would be unmasked, Sherlock would have her Work, and John would have made plain to Victor that one did not harass uninterested women, let alone teenage girls. He would prove to Sherlock that she didn’t need to stand alone unless she chose, that she had her blogger by her side.
“Baker Street is your home, and it’s where we will be.” Sherlock agreed, capping her pen with finality. It was yet another normal day at Baker Street, threats, villains, deductions, and dog drool, all wrapped up in one.
Whitman’s words burned into John’s memory, though they were faint by the time he was settled at Queen Elizabeth in Birmingham. I am to wait—I do not doubt I am to meet you again, I am to see to it that I do not lose you.
Sherlock paused, and set aside her pen and pad on the nightstand before replying, “Yes. I was at Landsthul.”
Sherlock rolled her eyes and put down the blue dress. “You picked the bittersweet dress, John. Must we review my post on the 600 basic colors and shades therein?”
Greg began to speak, “Sherlock made a habit of observing you. I only know of the events that made it back to Mycroft. At fifteen, she observed in a cafe in Brussels. At sixteen, she watched you ship off and didn’t speak to anyone for a week. She became an expert on the war in Afghanistan and Iraq within days, and made a fucking olympic sport of snatching Mycroft’s briefings until he simply had copies forwarded to her.”
Mycroft whimpered.
John had been planning to suss out Mycroft and tell him he wasn’t going to work for him, but he did need the money, and saying no might well risk the job.
“I really don’t care, as long as you’re with me because you want to be, as long as you want me as I want you.” John paused, “Would anything he’s holding over you change your choices with me?”
“The middle one,” John admitted, “I remember.” He didn’t admit that he remembered it from the lips of a lover, let alone a wife, because he didn’t. His Nan liked poetry, and she’d had a thing for Burns. What old Scottish granny didn’t like Burns? Nan would sooner disavow Mills and Boon before Robbie Burns.
John thought this whole thing sounded like someone either come to finish him off, or some kind of fairy story. “Oh?”
It certainly wasn’t the fact that he hated wearing his dress uniform. Everyone knew that, because everyone hated them. Only some kind of freak liked wearing them. John felt as though he was at once trussed up like a goose over a spit spun by Satan, and had his soul on display via the clink of every medal pinned to his chest.
John made his point quickly, knowing full well that she was a squadron leader if he ever saw one. “My name’s John Watson. I’m a GP. One of my patients needs care, can I borrow a burner to sterilize a few things?”
“I shot him.” John added, “He concocted his own acid facial though.”
When he had a chance, he borrowed a laptop, ostensibly to email Harry that he was alright. Just before they loaded him on a plane, confined to a bed with others heading to the US in similar circumstances, John googled what little information he had on the list, barely able to concentrate on the borrowed screen.
“If you don’t have an NHS number, yes, I will treat you.” John put another file in his bag, as the man entered the office and approached John’s desk.
“Right, well.” Greg shoved a hand through his hair, as was his way of dealing with stress. John knew that one day he’d tell him about that habit, and help him break it. Today was not that day, because his mind was already focused on getting out of here, and getting to Victor Trevor before he figured out that the jig was up.
John shoved to his feet, and realized that he had never felt so much regret at the leaving of someone else’s bed. He had never before quite looked into unblinking, sleep-filled violet eyes, and known in the pit of what was left of his soul, that he would spend the rest of his life wishing he was back in her arms. John did not know what to do with that self-awareness. He broke their shared gaze, knowing full well that the truth was blindingly apparent between them.
John did not ask how long, or what the man meant. He knew that the questions were visible no matter how hard he tried to hide it. “I am the second son of a minor member of the peerage.”
Sherlock set her magazine down on top of her cosmetics case, not that she even wore cosmetics unless on a case, and looked to MacPherson, “For someone who worked during summers in Uni as a shelf stocker, you would think he’d know better than to joke over such matters.”
“Don’t be absurd. Mycroft has had you in mind for years, not that he ever thinks. If he had, he would have covered his tracks.” The woman spoke as though he knew everything she was talking about, “Vienna confirmed it. It’s not my fault they sought to hide the truth behind gilt and purchased gentility.”
John felt a hand on his shoulder.
“He was one of our set until he was expelled.” Molly’s nose wrinkled and John knew that she had had something to do with that, though he could not hazard a guess to what it might have been, “I’m certain he gate crashed. I made it clear I hated him, and Violet would never invite the both of us.”
They exited the interrogation room, and John knew at once who had turned up the heat. Sally lingered nearby, and just before Sherlock looked her way, John saw regret and pain flash across her expressive face. However, when she spoke, it was only in her typical greeting, “Freak.”
“You know of my brother?” Victor glanced toward John with unhidden disgust in his eyes, “I gather Sherlock’s mentioned me. How nice. I knew you cared, Sherlock. Actions speak volumes, don’t they?”
She was making a joke, because he had, in fact, pegged her for a horsewoman within that first night. She moved gracefully, and he had eschewed thoughts of ballet for horse riding within hours. She was, John was more than amused to note, not the only one skilled at reasoning.
Sherlock knew why John chose to serve. John loved to help people. In this fashion, he helped a lot of people, and the risk to himself ceased to matter. It was why he traversed the grey areas between Army Doctor and Army Solider so well. It had taken her ages to understand this about him.
John wisely did not comment on the fact that Mummy Holmes was apparently using the national media to push for an engagement. Once a spymaster, he knew, always a spymaster. Then again, that did rather explain the weird trends in his internet ads. Unless, of course, Mummy had followed Father Holmes to his club last month.
“Well,” John liked the look of this challenge. “This has a lot of potential.”
“I--” John backed down, not having the time for a fight, “Alright.”
“I did not mean physician.” Sherlock countered, “Had I meant that I would have said that.”
Sherlock spoke, “I had to leave my experiments because you decided to barter me off like a cow!”
John counted to two and a half in his head as the girl spoke.
“You can’t do that!”
John figured out who it was without a doubt. “M--” John paused. What was Sherlock’s father called? John had googled, but he’d only found Sherlock’s blog. Everything else seemed vacant in a way that John knew meant it had been scrubbed from the web. He’d once been a ghost, too, which is why he had a blog now. Hell, he might even make a Facebook.
John encouraged, not sure if he could bear her hesitation a second longer. Sherlock Holmes was not a woman prone to hesitation and second-guessing.
Sherlock, be she 18 or 80, was a grown woman who did not need her family looking out for her in quite this way. They had means, Mycroft surely thought this use of them normal, but John knew better. John wasn’t going to be their tool.
Now she was just being silly. However, silly or not, she was right. He could fashion a sling, or something, with what he had on him, between them, but the animal was too bloody to be moved, the water below him a pinky-red. John wasn’t a vet. One wrong move on their parts and he could snap the poor animal’s spinal cord.
“She rather does,” John insisted, putting weight down through his arms as Walrus wiggled, “but if you don’t believe her, ask the copper in the corner.”
Greg looked at him. It was a warning, then. Stay away from my sister. It was as loud and clear as Mycroft’s insistence had been not an hour ago. John did not look away.
On his way downstairs, Greg was there, clearly waiting for him. His easy, jocular manner was tempered by concern. “I remember the first time I came here. I about had a panic attack in the shower. Myc and Sherlock…they…”
He would have rescheduled people, but there simply wasn’t time. Anyone he pushed back would have had a hell of time getting a new slot, and everyone deserved their care, irrespective of ceremonial activities. “I’m surprised you haven’t got the radio on.”
Was a sappy git, though John would never reveal that knowledge to his husband, who clearly knew it well enough. “Decided enough was enough?”
Sherlock sniffed the air once, and shoved herself to her feet again, leaping over items with her general gracefulness, “I stated natural and scent-free cleaners only! Bleach I consented to most begrudgingly, but there will be no artificial lemons in my flat!”
Sherlock briefly introduced him to every horse and pony in the barn, and noted that there were several more horses in the pastures flanking the long and winding drive. All told, John discerned that the Holmes family ran toward horse riding as a sensible and reasonable diversion. He had no illusions as to Mycroft’s polo abilities, and added ‘mallet-swinging’ to Sherlock’s laundry list of insults with which to reference Mycroft.
In other words, his delay for milk and biscuits was totally pointless in her mind. “Mycroft sends his regrets.” Sherlock rolled her eyes, “Somehow he feels it rude to keep Luxembourg waiting.”
“I could have contrived it without my father highlight my comparative youth.” Sherlock spat, reaching for another case, “I fail to comprehend his aims.”
John merely arched an eyebrow. “I was a solider as well as a doctor, Sherlock, not just the other way round.”
“Well, you know older brothers.” John interjected, very much interested in the confirmation that work wasn’t going quite so effortlessly. Then again, the tension in Trevor’s brow when he checked his phone had told them enough, “They never quite do what one expects.”
They chatted some, flirted over his bad school clarinet playing, and John knew that Dr. Sawyer would be a great date. He resolved to take her out, as soon as he could. She was smart, not brilliant, but smart, kind but
Sherlock fell into step beside him, and John had the mad urge to reach for her hand. “MacPherson, come, please!”
This, however, was not to say that he did not where he ranked in his own household. The shaggy beast was utterly devoted to Sherlock, following her about the flat and trotting along by her side no matter what else might be ongoing. Sherlock fed him, and brushed him, and attended to his socio-educational needs, because the world was full of idiots and MacPherson was far too intelligent a canine to be saddled with an ineffective and inefficient carer. She even let him sleep in her bed, which was not something he supposed he should have found shocking, as she herself hardly used it.
Just as he was about to reach for the door, it was yanked open and John heard happy barks over Sherlock’s indignant declaration, “Thirty-seven minutes and forty-two seconds.”
“Most of your problems, Dr. Norwood, would be solved if you simply stopped pretending to be the brightest man in the room.” Sherlock replied, “Thank you for your time.”
John rushed down the embankment, giving Sarah a hand as she picked her way through the darkness in sensible flats. “She was wearing Prada wedges.” He muttered to himself, wishing like hell he had a torch or night vision capabilities. “It had be at least an eight to ruin those shoes.”
John said nothing. He wasn’t going to spout off to Greg about the inner workings of their relationship. It wasn’t the type of thing you talked about like two idiots in University. In the first place, Greg was as good as a father to Sherlock, and in the second place, their emotions were private. The world was interested in their private affairs, and that alone made John even more protective of their privacy.
John allowed himself to be deduced, watching Sherlock’s smile light up her face. “Anything else?”
Lucy grinned, coolly. “Dr. Watson is expecting me.”
“You’ve not heard my question.” The cadence of an American accent, roughly outside of Macon, Georgia, filled John’s ears. He’d been in the UK long enough to pick up speech patterns, but even his bearing retained something that pegged him as American.
Mycroft offered Father Holmes with his insight that they should move South, and so they headed off. They returned hours later, having bagged a paltry few pheasant. John was glad, that he had not fired a single round that had ended a life. For him, that was not sport. It never had been, and it never would become a lark.
Sherlock ignored the question. She was not the focus in this discussion. John came above all else. “John presently is questioning his basic humanity. The Army formed a large part of his adult identity, and its loss is…beyond him.”
Sherlock tilted her head, deducing and thinking and deciding in a single instant. “You? Nothing except use highly classified governmental databases to foil an idiot and find me a case.” She blinked slowly, “But I shall best you.”
“It is a stye.” John went back to his original point,  “I refuse to set foot in there.”
They were definitely government. Obvious. Why, John wondered, had he never taken private contracts?
kind of doctor. She had a PhD in Health Literacy and Education, and an MPH in Community Health.
Greg bustled in after Mycroft, stopping only for a scant moment to take in the scene before him. “Well, we might as well follow whatever lead John’s got.”
“Maybe.” Victor agreed, as though they were discussing the weather, “Knowledge is power, after all.”
“You noticed her shoes?” Sarah asked, something funny in her voice, “Of course you did.”
Mycroft was not one to accept being told what to do, but in this case, he saw the wisdom in retreat. He nodded, and stood, his chair rolling back slightly, “Shall we join the others, Sherlock?”
They passed the meal in silence, which John knew would be just lovely for the blind gossip sites. He could see it now.
Lestrade accepted the steel in her words, and swallowed. Sherlock focused on John.
Sherlock huffed and headed down the stairs. John, after shoving all of the suitcases into something resembling a stack, clipped MacPherson's lead onto his collar of the week, and headed to Boots. Sherlock had used the last few heating pads on some thermogenerator experiment. They were also out of soap, for much the same reason, and John was sure that he was going to need sun protectants this week. Thankfully they sold La Roche-Posay at Boots, and Sherlock declared the scent and texture of any other high street brand untenable.
John returned the greeting. John tried to keep his past under wraps, and was glad when a few of the men saw just John. He wasn’t the soldier he used to be, not anymore.
“Then…” He smiled, John could hear it in his voice, this chilling note that steadied John’s hands as he lingered nearby, ready to put a bullet in the back of the prick’s head if he so much as touched Sherlock, “I will burn the heart out of you.”
John was determined not to let her suffer this alone. “Sherlock.” John made short work of putting the moose in her hands, “He’s not been gone for more than two hours. Ransoms rarely, if ever, hurt their captives.”
“I beg your pardon?” John blurted, in unschooled tones, not quite sure if his mind was headed down the right track.
Sherlock hummed gently. She was already in her Mind Palace. John swiped her tea cup, and found it steaming. It was a bit too sweet, but he drank it anyway, gazing fondly at Sherlock and MacPherson. Quickly, he snapped a picture he would never share with the world, and began a blog post that he would happily broadcast everywhere.
MacPherson was family. She did what she felt she had to do for family. Did Mummy have to force the issue? Likely, but it was Sherlock who had purchased a dress and shoes and hauled out her jewelry cases, Sherlock who had said a few words when prompted by the hostess, Sherlock who ordered extra stationary for him to write thank you notes she would sign, Sherlock who had endured banal socialization. It was blindingly clear in a single moment.
He’d meant to suggest the trip ages ago. It just hadn’t fit, somehow. Life got in the way and facing the past was hard. Then, Nan had called with the suggestion that he come up and mind the farm whilst she was away. He hadn’t been sure it would be possible until he’d realized it was important on a lot of levels, and he had therefore made it possible.
“She hardly needs protection, Mrs. H.” John assured her, “I’ll see you later. Would you like me to bring you back some ice cream?”
“It is, for Mycroft. Why should he have anything I don’t?” Sherlock asked, lazily. “I share you, Lestrade. He should share his tin soldiers.”
