Even in all this, he spotted Sherlock without problem, sitting in one of a pair of armchairs facing each other. He had a book laying on the side table and John could barely make out the cover.
John pulled his fingers out, making Sherlock whine and push back. “This is not your place to make demands, Private. You’re under my command and that means I’m making the decisions and you’re here to follow them, is that understood,” John reminded him and saw a shiver run through Sherlock’s body.
He started shivering, seemingly out of nowhere and he could have sworn it had gotten at least a few degrees colder in the last minute and although he knew it really was a bad idea, he kept moving along, looking for a staircase which would bring him to the upper floor where Charlie had been injured.
“Uhm. Yeah, I would like to help.”
With the the ropes securely tied, he was unable to squirm away from the cloth rubbing on his oversensitive nipples.
Now the time had come for John to really feel annoyed. “We were barely starting a conversation and you can’t know where I would have taken it,” he whispered forcefully and trying to keep his voice down.
his mind was so scrambled, he couldn’t find the appropriate words.
“And why is he here now?”
, John thought fondly, but said, “Uh, okay. Here, use mine.”
It took a few minutes for John to be fully conscious again, so when he looked up miles of legs and his gaze met pale skin, piercing grey eyes, high cheekbones and a beautiful mouth, it quiet thoroughly took his breath away again for a few seconds.
The sudden wave of emotion he felt made his hand shake slightly when he reached for the doorknob. Sherlock was exactly where he was so many years ago, standing over a petri dish with a pipet and doing god knows what.
John was speaking from his own experience.
When he turned around, grinning, he presented the box to Sherlock and said, “Hiding in plain sight, isn’t that what you always say? Worked pretty well.”
“Open, open, open!” Rosie chanted, now sitting in John’s lab and clapping her hands together.
John regarded him critically for a few seconds. “This attire is unacceptable, Holmes. Drop your towel,” John ordered and Sherlock complied and to John’s surprise and satisfaction, he draped it over the back of John’s armchair and returned to his position, stark naked and very hard.
After some time and the house being suspiciously too quiet, John found a hatch that was hidden under an old and dusty red rug in the living room, which lead them into a basement.
John nodded and took the paper. “I’m going to come back tomorrow, maybe I know how Charlie was hurt by then. Take care.”
Sherlock’s breath hitched and he gracefully sank down to his knees, looking up at John with so much trust in his eyes that flooded John with warmth and affection for the brilliant detective in from of him.
“Well you asked why it was hot. And to answer your latter question, I just walk out of the door, put one foot in front of the other, you should try it sometime. How about you try and walk into the shower, hmm?”
Just as John stumbled through the door with a squirming and upset toddler in his right arm, he snatched Billy from the mantle and sat himself on the floor between their armchairs, hiding the skull behind his back.
Well and Sherlock hadn’t left the house in five days, moving only to wander between the sofa, his armchair, the bed and using the toilet.
He was about to blurt out how brilliant John was, but then the lid of the box was pulled away and suddenly, the ability to form words just left him.
Christ, John wanted, very much, even though it was quite sudden and not what John thought about when he let himself dream about this, but whatever it was Sherlock needed, John would give it, once or more often, sexual or not, this was not about him and he was absolutely fine with that.
The problem now was, that after several interviews, two break-ins on their part and a wall full of notes and leads still didn’t lead to the person they were looking for.
He told himself to let this one play out slowly, so he started dancing close to Sherlock, but not really looking at him or touching. While doing that he took a few glanced now and again and meeting Sherlock’s gaze a couple of times, each time a bit longer and with growing heat in his eyes.
They took their time getting dressed again, sharing soft kissed in between and then John took a very exhausted and sleepy Sherlock home and into their bed and when John called in sick the next day to stay right by Sherlock’s side, who was there to know or judge.
With that, John lined himself up and sank into Sherlock’s arse in a single thrust, making both of them curse. “Definitely still too coherent,” John grit out and gave Sherlock barely any time to get adjust, but judging by the needy movement of his hips, Sherlock didn't need it, and so John started pounding into Sherlock, balls already tight and the heat radiating from his groin up his spine intense.
“Oh, look at that,” Sherlock said, looking down at himself and John saw how much Sherlock’s thighs were trembling. “That feels so very weird.”
When he entered the room there was a man sitting in a chair on the side of the bed.
He was stared at for that answer for a moment and it bordered on creepy before Sherlock shook his head and said, “I’m going to delete this in a second, but what the hell is larping?”
Just when Sherlock thought John would never stop, the sharp pain subsided, leaving a dull throbbing in its wake and he opened his eyes, wondering when he had closed them, to see John reaching behind him.
It was hard to describe, there was just so much tension in the small space, but not a good kind, like  the anticipation before something great would happen. It was more like the air was burning and stealing all the oxygen to a point where your chest hurt and you thought of blacking out any second.
“Cheeky are we today?” John quipped and promptly pinched Sherlock’s left nipple, making him gasp and shudder with pain.
“Who are you,” John asked, hands balling into fists and ready to defend himself anytime.
With that John turned around and took the stairs two at a time, he didn’t want to leave Sherlock alone at all, but he wasn’t sure Sherlock would have lube and now was a way better time to get it.
By the fourth, Sherlock was noticeably panting, but other than that there was no sound coming from the man.
Sherlock had noticed the moment John had shut the front door with much more force than usual, climbed the seventeen steps with a strong unevenness that he only got when it had been a particularly bad day.
They both moaned this time.
“How does it feel, Sherlock. Tell me.”
He had already forgotten about the nipple clamps and could only watch as John held them between his finger and swallowed hard when he saw John’s smug face.
Once again, John had to just take a moment and look. Sherlock’s eyes were blown by now, his skin flushed a deep pink with a thin layer of sweat, John wanted to devour him.
. I feel like the happiest and most fortunate man on earth to have you right here by my side.”
John sighed. “Yes. But I’m not going to force you. It’s your choice.”
Should he just go to John and outright say ‘John, let’s do a scene’ or ‘John, dominate me’ or his personal favorite right now ‘John, make me kneel, hit me and fuck me into the mattress’.
“Good,” John said, feeling excited, but not showing it. They would need to talk about limits and other stuff later, that is, if this is something will be repeated and John couldn't deny that he already wanted this to continue beyond this one time. “Is there anything you would like me to know before we begin?”
Sherlock stared at him for a few seconds, making John’s heart pick up it’s pace. There was something in those eyes that looked familiar, as if John had known him for a very long time, but he couldn’t put his finger on it.
“Afghanistan or Iraq?”
All his mind could come up with was a litany of, “John, John,
Because in the back of his mind, he couldn’t stop thinking about how much more he wanted to do with Sherlock, to Sherlock.
Eyes closed and basking in the closeness, Sherlock’s heart dropped to the floor when he heard John starting to sob almost too quiet to hear. He jerked upright, turning to face John fully.
,” John said grinning. “You managed to contain yourself well at Baskerville, but it went downhill from there, didn’t it?”
He peppered Sherlock with kissed on his mouth and jaw until Sherlock seemed to find to himself again and brought John down into a lazy kiss. “Can you help me up, John?”
He kept murmuring sweet nothings, which Sherlock head no idea about what they meant, his mind still blissfully flooded with endorphins and hormones, but they somehow still felt incredibly soothing.
Sherlocks eyes flew open and the moment his eyes found John’s he simply ordered, “Come,” saw every muscle in Sherlock’s body lock up, his mouth formed in a silent scream and felt Sherlock’s cock pulse in his hand, which send John over the edge right that second as well.
“Oh, must have deleted it then. So do answer precisely this time,” he said and waved a dismissive gesture into the air.
Just thinking about all the things they could be doing made him half-hard.
When he stepped to the side of the bed and their eyes met, he unbuckled his belt and pulled it out of his loops.
“Can I borrow your phone, there’s no signal on mine,” Sherlock asked, eyeing the reaction in his petri dish.
Other things changed too, and not for the better.
John was trying to be annoyed, he really was, but then he shifted slightly in his chair and felt his sore arse and his mind helpfully supplied him with images of last night and the annoyance was gone.
But with John, he wanted it apart from that as well and he wanted it differently.
“You know, it has to do with the solar system and a little planet called the sun,” he answered like talking to a toddler. Well, that’s what Sherlock basically was most of the time.
“I like it very much,” John replied instantly.
Time had already ceased to exist, so when John ordered, “Kneel,” he had no idea if three minutes or an hour had passed, but it didn’t matter, he dropped to his knees and obediently put his hands behind his back.
John came to stand right in front of Sherlock, those blue eyes burning into him and the way John held himself was enough to stop his breathing and made his legs quiver.
Sherlock carefully slid his hand behind John’s head, lightly searching his scalp. “Shh. It’s alright. You have nothing to apologise for.”
“Which was it? Afghanistan or Iraq?”
“Name is Charlie Herms, 27 years old. Call came from one of his friends. They broke into an abandoned house and they apparently all went into different directions, heard loud noises and then found him on the second floor in an empty room. No signs that he fell or anything else. We have no idea how he got those injuries.”
He managed to slide out of his chair and stand on incredibly shaky legs, leaving the papers behind in his seat and falling to his knees in front of John’s armchair, gathering Rosie into his arms, who hugged him as tightly has she could, somehow knowing how life changing the last few minutes had been and how much Sherlock needed her right now. The hand not fiercely holding on to her found its way to John’s jumper and fingers curled around soft familiar fabric.
He almost expected Sherlock to roll his eyes, but was pleased when Sherlock just answered, “I need you to dominate me completely for the duration of the session. While there are different ways for me and you to achieve the kind of headspace I need, painplay is the easiest and my preferred method. Although it is not mediatory, the effects are better if it ends in release.”
Sherlock flicked his eyes to him, but otherwise didn’t move. “Not yet, I plan to when I retire,” he replied and John knew it wasn’t playing. It would be so easy to slip into thoughts about that topic, but he told himself that there was plenty of time to do that and especially not in a role play, no this was a conversation to have when they were just themselves, in 221b, but still a smile crept to John’s lips thinking about that.
Just the sight of Sherlock’s erection made John groan deep in his throat and he took it into his mouth, sinking right to the root, just like he imagined a couple of hours ago.
And of course, John was right.
Because they weren’t on any time schedule, John enjoyed the show he was getting, staring at Sherlock’s backside, letting his eyes trail from that dark hair he wanted to sink his hands into over the muscles of his back that were visible beneath his shirt, because the git had not only divested himself of his Belstaff, no it had to be his jacket as well, leaving him in a burgundy dress shirt that was way too tight to be legal.
When Sherlock’s eyes returned to his, he continued. “You could call me bisexual, but that is not the point. I can do that, Sherlock, if you want me.”
In that aspect, nothing had changed.
That gave him a dramatic sigh and an eye roll. “It wasn’t human, it was a ghost. A non-corporeal entity that is stuck here. And I would very much like to finish this case so we can all move on. So why don’t you just leave.”
Sherlock’s hips bucked up, his half hard cock desperately seeking friction. “You could do that tonight, though.”
Eventually, he came to stand in front of John, right in the middle of the living room and said, “Reporting for duty, Captain.”
It took him a little to parse what he had just heard, because he understood why this would be something that could work, he wasn’t oblivious to that kink, neither very practice. He had dabbled in it before he joined the army, but after that, he didn’t feel like anyone would take someone with a cane and a ruined shoulder seriously and it also never came up again with anyone.
While he and several other doctors and nurses where already working on getting him stable, one of the medics was going through what had happened.
Reluctantly, he took himself into the bathroom as well for a wipe down and dressed himself in pajama pants, shirt and dressing gown before putting on the kettle and cutting up a bit of fruit for Rosie to munch on.
“You said anything.”
John’s heart sank, he wanted Sherlock to feel better. “What do you mean?”
And that’s where the action started.
“Eh, you said that already and I asked you—“
He had said that, not explicitly, but he understood why John would come to that conclusion and until that time with John, it was true.
“Good to finally have your attention, Holmes,” John said, trying to keep his breathing even, he was way to turned on to stretch this out much more. “Get up and kneel on your chair, we don’t have all day.”
John had planned to get up and get a wet flannel, but while he was still leaning over Sherlock’s chest he was pulled down in a fierce hug, which was more than fine by him and so he buried his head in the crook of Sherlock’s neck.
It was almost as much torture for John as it was for Sherlock, except that John could continue to stroke himself, whereas Sherlock was left with no stimulation at all.
Sherlock began nibbling at John’s throat and then wandered upwards to just below his ear, a place that always made John’s incredibly aroused.
“John, how did you know?” Sherlock asked after a while, spreadeagled and looking up at the ceiling.
The resulting change in angle had Sherlock trowing his head back, his back arch off the table and every muscle in his body tight as a bowstring. Knowing that John was hitting the right spot, he put every last bit of energy and strength he had into snapping his hips against Sherlock’s arse, skin hitting skin obscenely loud.
“Sherlock, wait,” John said, holding up a hand and the hurt that flashed through Sherlock’s eyes was something John would never want to see again, so he decided to take control right now, do the best he could and give Sherlock what he needed.
With the last bit of energy he had, John pulled out slowly and checked Sherlock quickly, he knew he had prepared him well, but it was a habit, he just cared so much for Sherlock, he would always find the strength to make sure he was fine, wether it was a slow morning shag or adrenaline fueled after a solved case.
But…here he was now, sitting in his armchair, John with a full day shift at the clinic, and positively
Sherlock gave him a smile. “Yes, that’s basically it, but you’re trying to pick me up.”
The torch was back where he had looked at the newspaper, but there was enough light to see who had just attacked him. A very tall and heavy muscled man was looking at him from a few feet away.
John smiled and a knot he didn’t know had formed in his stomach uncoiled and set free a warmth that spread from there through his whole body. “More than fine, Sherlock.”
“Okay…” John trailed off and thought about it a bit more while Sherlock eyed him expectantly. “So we’re strangers, meeting at whatever location for the first time and then, eh, trying to pick the other up?”
It was a marvel seeing his husband this way, submissive and ready to give up all control, to let the only person he would ever trust this much make the decisions, to let someone else see him at his most vulnerable.
That momentarily halted his thoughts. John had bought things to play with? For them? And he had no idea about it? How did that slip his ever observant mind? When did this happen? What did he buy?
“Yes, salt is a folkloric repeller of evil because of its purity. Here,” Sherlock said and pulled a metal rod from his coat, “iron works as well.”
Sherlock was still smiling, the smile that only John got to see, the one that was behind the mask, the honest and raw one that said everything to John that Sherlock’s couldn’t put into words.
A few meters away from the door that was now so familiar and held the opening to a room that was important to their lives beyond measure, John slowed down and tried to collect himself.
Winston?”
He didn’t waste any time and sank down to the root, making both himself and John throw their heads back and moan and John just had to kiss him right that second, pulling Sherlock down by his neck, crushing their lips and invading his mouth.
The kiss grew heated and by the time Sherlock started moaning against John, they were both completely hard and wanting.
The feeling that washed over Sherlock and spread through every fibre of his body was indescribable and if he were in any other situation, he would have been able to do or say something, but right now, he just closed his eyes and basked in that entirely new sensation.
Sherlock smiled. “Me too, John.”
For a brief moment, Sherlock wondered if John would panic every second now, realising what had happened, but when he felt himself getting turned on his back, John slotting comfortably between his legs and started kissing him slow and with so much tenderness, all doubt was washed away in a wave of warmth and, being honest, happiness.
It was definitely a new record for Sherlock’s bottom shower routine, so when he emerged from the bathroom, his hair was barely dried, skin covert in water droplets and a very small towel around his hips.
John was right there, wiping the tear away with a soft touch and then cupped Sherlock’s face in his hands. “You did so good. I’m so unbelievably proud of you, love.”
A tiny human that has filled the emptiness in his heart, that occupies his mind like no case or experiment, no human being ever could, John might come very close, but Rosie managed to take that first place and she hasn’t let go since.
“I love you, too, John Watson-Holmes.”
He should do some research if dominant partners experience a similar kind of headspace like Subs did that took them out of their minds and just focused them on their counterpart alone.
“The house only has two stories, nowhere he could have fallen from.”
When he was there, he leaned against the bar counter, kept his back ramrod straight and his all over posture authoritative, something he knew Sherlock liked very much and said with a smile, “Hey. Can I buy you a drink?”
When his eyes caught sight of a tall man with long, light brown hair, who was so obviously undressing Sherlock with his eyes, John put down his drink with too much force than strictly necessary and walked onto the dance floor and he was sure, if he could see himself in a mirror right now, he would look predatory.
John felt his heart clench just at the thought of it. “No, absolutely not. You now I would never let you.”
His gazed travelled back up, finding Sherlock’s and said, “Kneel,” infusing his voice with as much steel as he deemed necessary from now on.
!” John started giggling and saw Sherlock turn his head to look at him incredulously. “Let’s see, Baskerville, the case of The Bloody Guardsman and then there’s that tiny problem of my dog tags being moved from time to time, does that ring a bell?”
“Alright,” Sherlock finally said. “Spirits can be put to rest if their remains are burned. In this case, Harold Winston was cremated, which means there is something here that holds him on earth, something that has his DNA.”
“From here on out, you will not do anything, unless I give you the order,” he began and Sherlock let his hands fall back beside him. “I want us to start as equals. I want you to tell me in short what you expect of this. In any other circumstances, I would talk about this in more detail, but I know that now is not the time for that. You may speak whenever you want to.”
John then got into bed, laying beside Sherlock and facing him. “I am so proud of you, love. You were my perfect sub, obeying all my rules and following every single order,” John said and then rubbed a cooling creme over Sherlock’s abused nipples with the lightest touch, which still made Sherlock hiss and then sigh in relief.
That got him another eye roll. “Not just ghosts.”
John would have to look that up later, but he was sure it had to do something with bees and he couldn’t keep a small smile off his lips this time, but the answering joy in Sherlock’s eyes was all he needed to see to know that this was all fine.
Even though they were both still flushed from being so hot, he could see Sherlock’s face getting even redder and he whispered, “You noticed.”
The sight and sounds Sherlock was making would have been enough to push John over the edge, put the feeling of Sherlock’s muscles pulsing around him send him into a blinding release as well, cock buried as deep inside Sherlock as possible.
“So what? Your not going to tell me that vampires, werewolves and witches are real too?”
“We wouldn’t have needed the last two if you hadn’t failed at the first,” Sherlock complained, walking out of the building behind John.
If Sherlock noticed, who was he kidding, of course he did, he didn’t show it. He walked back to where he was working before and said, “How do you feel about the violin?”
Tonight was all about John, every single second, every action, every movement was for John’s pleasure only. Tonight, Sherlock put himself completely behind, maybe he would come, maybe not, it didn’t matter. What mattered was that John could let go, completely.
John looked more than intrigued. “Oh? So what have you been thinking of then?” he asked with a smirk.
“I love you.”
By the end of it, she was tired, yawning and rubbing at her eyes, so John carried her up to her crip for an afternoon nap while Sherlock listened to them over the baby monitor.
“Lay on your back on the bed, hands above your head, grab the headboard,” John ordered and Sherlock complied, albeit a tiny bit unsteady. John was right there though, should Sherlock loose his balance.
He wasn’t given an answer and the man just grunted and outright growled at him and started moving closer, caging John slowly into a corner, but he wasn’t someone to back out of a fight, so he waited for the right moment and flung his fist squarely into his attackers jaw.
“That’s my boy, I know you can do it,” John praised and picked up right were he left of, fucking Sherlock with strong snaps of his hips, skin slapping against skin.
He also didn't want to give Sherlock the satisfaction so soon, let him work hard for it, John thought.
John helped Sherlock stand up and to his silent amusement, his legs were indeed shaking rather badly, so much that he gathered Sherlock in his arms and walked them slowly towards the bathroom.
To John’s surprise, and after a few weeks of a suddenly very patient Sherlock teaching John in all things ‘how to give a fantastic blowjob’, he had come to enjoy giving head to Sherlock immensely as well.
John was off the bed and although Sherlock could not see him, he heard John undressing quick, but calmly and was now once again behind Sherlock, caressing his back, trailing his palms over his arse and down his thighs.
They were both a sweaty mess, especially John who was still wearing all his clothes, but he couldn’t care less, so he beckoned Sherlock over with a smirk on his face and slicked himself up.
The next one landed on Sherlock’s right and John made sure to let his whole hand make contact with Sherlock’s skin, the imprint of his hand visible in a nice red colour.
Sudden understanding flashed in Sherlock’s eyes and John could see his eyes lighting up, but other than that, Sherlock only nodded and got inside.
Sherlock complied, although on slightly unsteady legs, and presented his arse to John, who was right behind him, slicking his fingers with lube and didn’t waste any time, circling Sherlock’s hole and then pushing the first one slowly in.
He did it back then in the field and he could do it now.
While John pulled his gun out of the holster and set it on the side table, Sherlock turned around and John loved how debauched Sherlock looked already, his hair was plastered to his forehead, a deep flush from head to chest and his legs visibly quivering.
Halfway there, John placed a pillow underneath Sherlock and steadied him with a hand over his collarbones, before pulling on the ropes again until Sherlock was laying with his chest on the pillow.
“Sherlock?”
Sherlock was equally out of it, rolling his head from left to right, muttering incoherent things, drenched in sweat and come that were slowly drying on his skin.
Rarely so clueless as to what was happening, he took the envelope and stared down at it, trying to make sense of his own thoughts, of what John had just said, of what his words implicated, but his brain wouldn't come up with anything.
“Because you haven’t showered in two days and quite frankly, Sherlock, you’re starting to smell.”
“I did,” John admitted. “but there has to be something else. It can’t be the first time this happened when you know that cocaine would help, so what did you do…before.”
He had never seen Sherlock like that and as he caught Sherlock’s eyes for a fraction of a second, he could see the panic there and that was what finally made him move.
He was the picture of debauchery, hair sticking up at all angles, sweaty, eyes screwed shut and John absolutely loved it. He loved that he was the one to take Sherlock to such a state, to make him feel this way.
“I just want to check it out.”
“Well, they either run away, 34 percent of the time, tell me I’m crazy 59 percent, or punch me.”
John was surprised when, after those ten blows, Sherlock murmured a quite, “Please,” but if it had been a long time since Sherlock had last done this, the effects would likely be way stronger.
Sherlock’s eyes went wide at the possibilities of what John might be doing with it, but before he could say anything, John was leaning down over him and tied his hands to the headboard. John checked the binding, making sure circulation to Sherlock’s hands was ensured.
But Sherlock was still not ready to let John come, instead peppered his jaw with little kisses and whispered, “Good boy,” into John’s skin, knowing that there were still some seconds John could hold off his orgasm and he was determined to bring John to the absolute edge.
When their cocks touched, Sherlock threw his head back and arched his back off the bed, and the sounds he was making were absolutely sinful.
Sherlock grinned again. “Like this,” he said and moved back down and John knew exactly what was about to happen.
Sherlock listened to John’s bare feet on the stairs, opening the door and greeting Rosie, cooing to her and talking nonsense, changing and dressing her. It never failed to fill his entire body with that special kind of warmth.
Instead of feeling exposed and self conscious, all Sherlock could feel was the worship in John’s eyes, the pure hunger there and the delicious exchange of power, heightened by the fact that John was still fully clothed.
They sat down on the kitchen table, drinking tea and feeding Rosie so she wouldn’t get herself covered in banana again and then migrated back to the living room where they said in their respective chairs, Sherlock going over a cold case file, John reading his (utterly boring) crime novel and Rosie playing by their feet.
“I’ve never seen something like it. The way his arms and legs where at all the wrong angles, it was so horrifying.”
Sherlock’s grip on his biceps tightened. “But you want to know more.”
John stared at the
He felt himself making high pitched noises in the back of his throat that only got louder and louder the harder John pressed his fingers together, rolling the hardened nubs between them and twisting them from time to time.
All lights were turned off, they didn’t need it. What they couldn’t see, they felt with hands and mouths and other senses took over, heightened by the intensity of the moment, by the endorphins and hormones running though their bodies.
John could feel Sherlock grinning where he was nuzzling his neck. “Git,” he said, smiling himself.
The morning after their session, Sherlock had woken first, after an impressive nine hours of sleep and for probably the first time in his life, he didn’t want to get up.
This was not about taking time, about being overly careful, it was about the pure want, the
The next half hours was spent with Rosie hysterically laughing about everything Sherlock did with the skull, holding it in front of his face and moving the lower jaw while he was speaking nonsense or imitating to be attacked by it, which made even John giggle.
“Hmm?”
Sherlock snuggled impossibly closer, which made goosebumps raise all over John’s arms. “So not a good dream then.”
If John didn’t have to play his little role, he would have laughed for a long time at the picture Sherlock was presenting right now.
“And you are…what? Some kind of ghostbuster?”
He heard the cap being opened and closed for a second time and then John’s cock was nudging against his entrance and Sherlock tried desperately to rock back on it, but his restrained kept him exactly where he was, at John’s mercy.
He kew he was sitting there frozen, but John’s words had struck something so deep down, had touched depths of his emotions he hadn’t even known to exist and now the hurricane of feelings inside wiped all coherent thoughts from his mind and left him utterly raw.
John wanted to say so much in that moment and simultaneously nothing at all, because nothing he could say would be enough to tell Sherlock how he felt.
It could have been minutes or hours that he stayed right there, too much all consuming joy and happiness and love in him to feel his knees beginning to hurt or the cold to seep into his legs, but eventually he leaned back, looking at his family, something he never thought he would have, never thought he
Nonetheless the last strike hit the left of Sherlock’s arse, but slightly lower this time, in order to not hit the same spot again.
He could have gotten out, if he really wanted to, but Sherlock’s closed eyes and his evened out breathing told John that he was very much content how he was.
With steady hands, John opened the third door, closed it behind him so the same thing wouldn’t happen again and shone his light around the room. This time there was a chair and a table left and the room was littered with old newspaper in every corner. He crouched down to read some of what was still intact, something about the London School of Economics holding it’s first class, another article about the general election and a Lord Salisbury and the rest was too torn or dirty to understand anything further.
“Says the one covert in come and both our sweat,” John huffed, but of course Sherlock was right. They were absolutely filthy and a lukewarm shower sounded amazing. “Come on. Let’s get up and we can shower together.”
“Ghosts are real,” was all John’s brain unhelpfully supplied after a few silent minutes.
John knows, because he watched Sherlock for minutes on end, pausing whatever he was doing and just looking, gaze wandering up and down over Sherlock’s body and wondering what it would be like to be closer, much closer.
Once in the bedroom, John began undressing Sherlock. He didn’t expect it, but it only added to what he was already feeling so strongly. John was even taking control of this now and Sherlock couldn’t help but moan softly at the thought that right now, John
John looked over his shoulder and threw a heatless glare at Sherlock.
He didn’t elaborate further, so Sherlock tentatively took a step closer and asked, “Do you want to…” he paused, the words feeling utterly foreign in his mouth, but he hated seeing John this way, “…talk about it?”
Relieve was washing over John, he could do this, if it was what Sherlock wanted.
He had it on Sherlock’s authority that it wasn’t the one he used for his…experiments and John now understood why quite well.
It was probably a combination of all three.
Momentarily disorientated, he shook his head and got back on his feet, left shoulder smarting a bit, but nothing he couldn't deal with.
Barely twenty minutes had passed when John put the book down and sat up. “Sherlock, love,” he began, waiting for Sherlock to turn his attention to him and took a deep breath. “I know how much you love Rosie. How much you adore her, how much you care for her without ever demanding anything in return. I can see how worried you are when she gets ill or how thoughtful you are when deciding on what cases we take and what not. I can never understand why you do that for me, for her, for us, but I can try and show you that I’m forever grateful for that, show you how much I love you and care about you every single day. But there’re two things that are still missing for me — and one of them, with the help of a certain someone, is going to be changed today. So…” he turned his gaze down, “Rosie, sweetheart, would you bring Papa what we put on the stairs outside?”
“John? Everything alright?” Sherlock asked again.
The first room to his right was a bathroom, only still recognizable by the pipes sticking out of the walls. John had actually no idea which room Charlie was found in, but wasn’t even sure that he would find any evidence of what had happened even if he knew.
And above all that, he wanted to help John and make him feel good again.
There in the box were three coils of beautiful burgundy rope, a pair of nipple clamps attached to both ends of a silver chain and scissors.
And then, like someone had put the rug back under his feet, everything made sense again.
The doze they fell into afterwards resulted in dried ejaculate on both of them which then lead to a shared shower and a round of mutual handjobs and Sherlock understood now what everyone was on about when they talked about their teenage years, only that it apparently came two decades later for him.
Four kisses followed all the way up to the tip where John suddenly enveloped him in wet, hot heat that punched a deep groan from his lunges and was followed by one moan after the other when John slowly started bobbing his head up and down, taking in more of Sherlock every time until he felt John’s fast pants ruffling his pubic hair.
“Shh. John, what’s wrong, talk to me, please,” he pleaded frantically.
“Oh god. No, please, Sir. Please, the—the latter. I can’t…” Sherlock stammered frantically, because he was sure, if John did the former, he would either come and thus earning him a punishment of unknown dimensions, or outright die.
Sherlock had turned on his front by then, so John began smoothing the creme over his back, arse and thighs.
“Papa!” Rosie yelled as she spotted Sherlock.
John shrugged. “Online gaming role play, larping, there are a few different types.”
“Are you alright?” a deep baritone asked him.
Playing it save, he looked for a medical textbook of some kind, but couldn’t find one and since he didn’t want to let Sherlock wait, he settled on taking
The bed sheets rustled, the evening sun was slowly moving past the skyline and dipped the bedroom in a deep red light.
John felt his aggravation rise, why was it so hard for the prick to just take a shower.
That earned John a short glare and Sherlock put his nose to his armpit and took a few sniffs. “It isn’t that bad,” he drawled and dropped his head back again, making no move to get up. “Also I don’t believe it’s bothering you, it must have been like that every day in Afghanistan.”
As his back touched the cold floor Sherlock gasped and then chocked on his breath when John started to pound into him without losing a beat and with a slight change of angle, he was sliding across Sherlock’s prostrate, making him arch his back, muscles tense like a bowstring, ready to snap.
He was pinned by John’s weight, his mouth being claimed by John’s tongue and he couldn’t do anything except try and keep up with it, which was turning out to be more difficult by the second when he felt himself getting dizzy with arousal and his legs shaking more and more.
“It will pass. Can you stand up on your own while I put your clothes back on?” John asked while turning Sherlock’s trouser back to the right side.
Inwardly, John didn’t know if he wanted to snicker at Sherlock’s mistake, or feel bad for him, but rules where rules, so he said, “I think you forgot something.”
The stranger threw him a glance. “Not who,
“You know the rules, John. You can ask for permission, but I will decide when you come.”
Sherlock’s head shot up, his eyes trying to focus on John, but finding it hard to do through the thick fog of arousal and disbelieve. John had never taken him all the way, whether he didn’t want to or couldn’t didn’t matter to Sherlock, it felt mind-blowing every time, but it was hapenneing and it felt…
Sherlock released a strangled breath, but otherwise didn’t protest.
Goosebumps where making their way down his arms, but he kept going. “Sorry?”
The problem was that he had no idea how to ask for it.
“I…Oh god, lo—love it, don’t stop. Please, Sir.”
“Thank you, John,” he breathed and it was so full of emotions and the fact that it came from Sherlock made John’s throat close up and he struggled on what he wanted to say.
Either way, it was a beautiful sight and John felt his cock twitch in his pants already. Milky skin stretched over muscle and bone, a faint dusting of hair on his chest between two rosy nipples and John’s mind helpfully conjured all kinds of things he wanted to do with them.
He wiped down Sherlock first, then himself, before disposing the flannel to the floor and getting back into bed.
Immediately, tears started welling up in his eyes, his vision blurred, making it impossible to keep focus on what he was holding in his hands right now, a burning in his lungs reminded him to breathe again, but that was about as much movement as his body was able to perform at that moment.
“Thank you, John,” Sherlock breathed, every cell in his body feeling weighed down and unable to move even one finger.
“They gave him something to help with sleep an hour ago, so he’s pretty out of it, but I can’t bring myself to leave. I think the only thing keeping me from going mad right now is being here and seeing Charlie’s heart beating and knowing that he is in good hands.”
still coming here, are you lot never listening when it says that this house is haunted and people already died here?”
John saw Sherlock swallow. He was rock hard in his tight black pants that concealed absolutely nothing and John just wanted to grab Sherlock and pull him into bed and have him right there, but plans were plans and he was so going to let this play out.
Before Sherlock’s absence, John never saw any kind of signs that Sherlock was on the edge when a case was turning out to be difficult, but now, a year after he was back and eight months after John moved back in, he could tell the difference.
In a matter of seconds, Sherlock was kicking at furniture, pulling at his own hair and his voice was getting louder and louder and John just stood, unable to do anything.
“Now, Private Holmes,” John said, taking a few steps back, crossing his arms over his chest and looked Sherlock up and down. “I believe personal care is in order, so you can tend to your tasks properly. Dismissed.”
to be as close to each other as possible, so John hooked his fingers into Sherlock’s trousers and pants and pulled everything down and landing on his knees while doing so.
Criminals seemed to have taken a holiday with their illegally earned money, most of the Yarders, including Lestrade, had taken a vacation and Sherlock was Sherlock, only more irritating than usual.
“Then I think it is time to take this to your bedroom. I will go up to my room for a second and when I come back, I want you kneeling by the side of your bed.”
Sherlock, still facing away from John and looking out of the windows exhaled a shuddering breath and let his shoulders slump. “You were right, it was what I did…before, but—,” he took his hands out of his hair and John could see them trembling slightly, “I can’t trust them anymore, not after…”
“I CAN’T, JOHN. I just can’t.”
Sherlock looked up at John, who was sliming at him, his eyes reflecting the light unusually intense, but there was also an ever so slight bit of worry in them, and where Sherlock could normally read everything John was thinking just from a few facial expressions, nothing was making sense right now.
Sherlock’s boredom combined with the heat was hard to tolerate, even for John and his many years of living with the git.
Sherlock nodded but otherwise didn't do anything else to acknowledge John’s presence. He placed down the cup of tea and picked up his book, shifting through it before settling in on a page and started reading.
When he was pulled back from his thoughts by the music changing, he noticed that Sherlock had stopped moving, and taken his arms off him and was almost glaring at him.
After going through a former kitchen and dining room, he was able to get upstairs and was standing in a long hallway with two doors on each side. It was almost frighteningly silent, the silent that doesn’t happen, because there’s always some noise like cars going by in the distance or at least the occasional bird, but apart from the wind and John’s own breathing there was nothing.
Unfortunately, the tables were quite high and John wasn’t the tallest man, so with a growl, he climbed up on the table as well, pushing Sherlock away from the edge and fully onto it and got between his spread legs.
With two steps, they were at each other. So much desperation pouring into their kiss, so many things they couldn’t say with words.
John waited a few minutes and then a few more to be extra sure, before he almost ran through the maze of hallways that Bart’s was.
Tall and gorgeous was now pacing the room, sometimes stopping to look at the newspaper, sometimes lifting a piece up and putting them on the table and muttering unintelligible things to himself.
Sherlock peeled his eyes open and looked down at himself and couldn’t stop the moan that made its way up his throat when he saw the picture he presented.
Tonight, Sherlock knew John was tired, exhausted, shoulder and leg hurting and knew drawing this out the way he would love to, giving John hours of ecstasy would be the opposite of helping.
John took a minute to caress the areas he had just hit, it would burn, he knew, but Sherlock sighed and so he kept it up, not only to calm, but also to show Sherlock that he had been forgiven.
Sherlock felt himself relaxing into it before the finger pushed slowly in, then pulled out almost all the way and back in again, all the way up until Sherlock could feel John’s knuckles brushing his skin.
The gasp Sherlock gave when he got his first look of John’s prick would give any man enough ego to last for a very long time and John couldn’t help himself and took himself in hand right in front of Sherlock and gave it a few luxurious strokes from root to tip.
When his trouser fell and he stepped out of it, revealing the substantial bulge in his pants, Sherlock moaned deep in his throat and licked his lips which in turn made John surpress a moan of his own.
Sherlock moved to his trousers and John couldn’t help but fixate on those amazing fingers pulling the button from its loop and sliding down the zip. What followed were miles of lean and pale legs and John itched to lay his hands on him, to caress and feel, to mark and claim.
and when they were so close together, but still not touching, he got up on his tiptoes and spoke directly into Sherlock's ear, “I think your dancing is freaking sexy. Can I join?”
“What’s wrong with the landline?” John countered and tried to stifle the grin on his face.
The incredible thing about it was, that he couldn’t imagine to every learn everything there was to learn about John and even if he someday did, he would still not grow tired of John, because it was
A few of those items were his old army fatigues, his dog tags, combat boots and even a leg holster for his gun.
“Too much, John,” Sherlock said, while still pacing to and fro or spinning in circles. “Too late, too late, TOO LATE!.”
That short moment of calm was interrupted by John moving to his side and pulling slowly on the two ends of rope, which caused Sherlock’s upper body to be drawn closer and closer to the mattress.
He unloaded the gun, triple checked and then put it in the holster on his left thigh.
But not today, he had different plans.
This time, Sherlock went first and John followed shortly after, handing his coat to the staff in the cloakroom and then made his way to the bar.
It had been unusually hot in London for five days now. The beginning of August and a heatwave was not only affecting 221, but the whole of London as well.
But it made sense, when he first started doing some research into this, he read a lot about personal experiences for both sides and Subs often described the way their mind would just go thoughtless and blank, a kind of white noise that could only be penetrated by their Dom, the way they could forget anything and just be there to take orders and please.
He so wanted to come in Sherlock’s mouth, maybe grab those curls and hold Sherlock still while he fucked his mouth, but he also wanted that delicious arse as well, so after indulging in a few more seconds of being sucked into heaven, John said, “Alright, Private. That’s enough.”
Sulks and black moods also happened less, which John was thankful for, not because they were annoying, but because John felt like instead, they would just find something to occupy Sherlock’s mind and whereas Sherlock would have scoffed at John’s ideas before, now he would just nod and John would swear, he even looked thankful.
“John, Sir!” he yelled, “oh god, may I come, Sir. Please!”
It started out as just lips on lips, but the second Sherlock went pliant, which didn’t take long, John was there with his tongue, caressing his lower lip, pushing it deeper into Sherlock’s mouth and taking control of it right from the beginning.
Well, that wasn’t exactly what Sherlock meant, so he gently caught John’s wrists in his hands, making John look up with confusion in his eyes.
“I love you, Sherlock,” he breathed, chest filled with so much warmth, the love of his life above him and no place he’s rather be.
It took forever for them to catch their breaths, John felt like he had just sprinted to the other side of London and back and when he couldn’t hold himself upright anymore, he buried his head in the crook of Sherlock’s neck, panting against his skin and slowly softening inside Sherlock.
,” Sherlock all but yelled and John felt the pulsing around his cock before he looked down and saw ropes of come coating Sherlock’s dress shirt.
“Yes, Sir,” Sherlock said and nodded.
They got into a cab and at John’s 'Bart’s Hospital', Sherlock looked thoroughly confused and didn’t say anything for the rest of the way, which had John really amused, he could practically see the wheels turning in Sherlock’s head.
Now she’s almost three years old, likes to throw the occasional tantrum and a subsequent sulk, which she clearly has from him, knows and uses the words ‘bloody’ and ‘shit’ that only every leave John’s mouth (on accident) when she’s with them and makes a very adorable face when she’s annoyed with something, which she has from both of them.
“Move, soldier!” John ordered breathlessly when they broke apart. Sherlock whimpered, raising himself up and sinking back down, letting John feel his tight hole inch by inch.
John smiled at him with so much adoration in his eyes that Sherlock felt the need to reach out and thank him endlessly for it.
John huffed a laugh at the utter ridiculous thing he was about to do.
As if John knew Sherlock wasn’t trusting his own eyes, he confirmed it, for which Sherlock was infinitely grateful this time. “I want you to adopt Rosie. She is as much yours as she is mine, even more maybe. She loves you with all of her heart and I want it to be official. I want you there if something happens to me, I want you to be her legal parent, to have as much rights as I have and I want you to be able to say ‘She is my daugther’ without that look of longing in your eyes, without having to explain yourself to people who don’t know us.”
John chewed on his jam toast for a few seconds and washed it down with the rest of his coffee before getting himself a second cup, they did have a rather spectacular night and therefore not much sleep. “Are you talking about sex?”
He had John already panting when he gave it a few licks and kisses, did the same to the other one and then came up to face John with a big smile on his face.
Anyway, the change was gradual, but fast and Sherlock felt better than he ever had.
“Undress,” John ordered and Sherlock complied instantly.
“What do you—
“Yes, do try to keep up.”
“I love you too, John.”
John regarded him thoughtfully for a few seconds before he said, “Put your arms back behind your back. I’m going to take them off slowly.  If you are
John thought, picked up his glass and casually strolled towards Sherlock.
“Good,” John interrupted. “Than that’s all I need to know.”
“Hmm,” Sherlock commented, surprised and a fair bit amazed by John’s confession. “Did you take photos?”
“Apparently, you’ve been disregarding your work for the team all day, why don’t you put that pretty mouth of yours to good use for once and suck my cock?”
When Sherlock came back to himself, he was too relaxed to even move a finger, but slowly blinked his eyes open to search for John — who he found kneeling up between his thighs, eyes screwed shut and vigorously stroking his cock and, before Sherlock could even start thinking about reciprocating, spurting come all over Sherlock’s upper body with a long, drawn out moan.
In the end, it was a close call, the gloves started burning fiercely just as Winston was on Sherlock again and then he quite literally, went up in flames himself and if John had any doubts left about this, they were now definitely gone.
And although Sherlock managed to conceal it very good, he would visibly tense because of some loud noise that came out of nowhere and he would get a certain look on his face that John couldn’t really interpret.
Jason shook his head. “There is no way he could have hurt himself that way. The house is old, but not falling apart. Honestly I’ve never believed in anything you see in the movies, but…I just have no other way of explaining to myself how this happened.”
Sherlock turned all the way, facing John directly. “Really John? ‘Can I buy you a drink?’ Is that how you chatted up woman when you where sixteen?”
“And you are?” John asked, voice only a bit scratchy, getting himself off the floor with as little pain as possible.
“He didn’t fall from an upstairs room, or maybe an attic?” John heard one of the nurses ask.
“Ye—s, Sir,” Sherlock answered brokenly, with absolutely no idea how he was going to do that.
John’s breath hitched and then he couldn’t do anything else, but follow Sherlock’s movements. One leg was between Sherlock’s and John had never felt so turned on by dancing with someone else.
“Yes, of course. Come here. Wrap your arms around my neck,” he instructed and gathered Sherlock’s pliant body and slowly pulled him down.
He was fully exposed, arse in the air and his hands still voluntarily held behind his back.
He wondered briefly if this was rather showing how he really felt about the man laying on his chest and if it would be too much affection, but the longer John kept going, the more Sherlock melted into him and the closer he snuggled.
“Anthophila. Should you use your safeword, everything will stop immediately and I will release you from any restraints. I will not be disappointed or angry if you use it, it is there for a reason. Understood?”
The nuzzling turned into kisses and a bit of nibbling and Sherlock slowly climbed over John and gently pressed him back, so John was lying flat on his back again. He kissed up John’s belly, dipping his tongue into his navel, up his rips until he stopped at John’s right nipple.
He left the door open and stepped into the second room on the right, which didn’t even have a door to begin with and the rest didn’t look any more revealing. It was stripped off everything that was once there, just a black and white victorian wallpaper remaining, which John found odd, given that it was not looking as old as the rest of the house, it looked almost like it had been done recently, but even after touching it and turning out to be just an every day wallpaper, John shrugged and headed for the third room.
When they arrived, John paid the cabby and whispered into Sherlock’s ear, “Go to your lab and busy yourself while you wait for me, alright?”
He looked a bit uncertain, which John found quite endearing, Sherlock was definitely not shy in bed, or with his own body, but now his steps were hesitant, his skin flushed and his gaze slightly turned towards the floor.
Since cases were rare at the moment and Lestrade hadn’t called by midday, they decided to do this the same day. Being a Thursday they wouldn’t have to deal with too much people, but they would not be alone wherever they went.
When the third blow landed, in almost exactly the same place as the one before, John heard Sherlock sob once quietly into the mattress and he knew the message was definitely received.
was the one who fucked John. Slowly with long stokes until John begged to come and hadn’t that been a sight to see…and hear.
Sherlock, who was normally not this vocal, started yelling and cursing, “Fuck,
When the kiss broke, Sherlock managed to pant, “She’s only going to be down for 34 minutes, we don’t have much time.”
“Look at you,” John smiled, “they look stunning on you, I never want to take them off again.”
“Quite right. So we better get going.”
Sherlock rolling his eyes wasn’t making it better, but then it came to John.
Fortunately, they were right at one of the tables that was mostly clear and John just gently shoved the three beakers and one flask out of the way. “Table, on your back," he ordered and while Sherlock complied, somehow still managing to elegantly hop up onto it, he freed and slicked up his cock.
“Uhm,” he took a deep breath, “I like them. I think they can be very interesting and add an amount of fun that ‘vanilla sex’ doesn’t have. But other than the occasional student/teacher or nurse/patient thing, I did in uni, there wasn’t anything serious about it, just a bit of fooling around that’s all.”
They started getting closer together and John concentrated his attention on getting Sherlock do dance
“Turn,” John growled, “put your head on the edge of the bed, arms above it.”
rod in his hand, it appeared to have been a fire poker at one point and was now a weapon against ghosts, which made John almost start to giggle at the ridiculousness of it all, but he kept it down and followed Sherlock over the salt line.
“Yes?”
“I prefer to text.”
He felt John pick up the pace and then the angle changed slightly and John was pounding across Sherlock’s prostate on almost every thrust and Sherlock was suddenly very close to the edge.
He stepped closer to Sherlock, the hight difference enabling him to stare Sherlock down while he growled, “It’s Captain. One more slip and we’ll have to think about an adequate punishment.”
John looked up from his hands. “How do you feel, Sherlock?”
“I know and I love you anyway,” was all John could answer in that moment and with a single look from Sherlock, he knew that this had taken on something much bigger than the simple role play they wanted to do.
He then got up on the bed as well and kneeled in front of Sherlock, mirroring his position and began playing with Sherlock’s nipples.
It took Sherlock two tries, before he could get out a chocked, “Yes, Sir.”
Sherlock lifted his head and looked at John quizzically. “Why?”
Jason still didn’t look anxious, but he sighed and said, “Be careful, alright?”
“What so do you think about role playing, John?” Sherlock asked and John could swear it was spoken
The walk to the house lead John through mud, tall grass and almost complete darkness, only the moon and his torch making him able to see a little bit, which was badly needed as the whole property was littered in old wood panels and all kinds of scarp metal.
He trusted Sherlock to tell the truth, so John’s concentration zeroed in on what they were about to do and what the reason for that was.
John put the chart down and stood at the other side of the bed. “Where you at the abandoned house too?” he asked while absently checking Charlie’s vital signs.
Another “Yes, Captain.” from Sherlock and he was out of sight and the bathroom door closed behind him.
Everything outside the little bubble they were in ceased to exist, the music felt like it was playing through a thick wall, dulled down and everything felt like it was happening in slow motion.
John pushed the things that were running though his mind back as soon as they came, this was not the time, even if Sherlock hadn’t explicitly asked this, but there weren’t that many things that could happen to someone who was on a two year undercover mission though Europe and beyond.
It took 86 seconds before John panted his first, “May I come?” but Sherlock brushed it of with a simple, “No” and continued to stroke John, adding a small flick of his wrist at the head of John’s cock.
“We?”
Were Sherlock used to fall asleep for fifteen hours straight after a multi-day case, he would now wake up every few hours. He didn’t get out of bed, but John could hear it nonetheless when he happened to be in the kitchen or living room.
“Good.”
And just like this, John knew exactly what he wanted and needed right this second. He pulled the crop from Sherlock’s chin, stepped closer, grabbing a fistful of Sherlock’s hair and making him gasp, he pulled his head further back and brought their lips together.
“H-hurts, Sir,” Sherlock panted.
“Don’t come without permission,
“Sherlock, where the hell
It was bliss.
“Come on, Sherlock,” John said standing up and offering Sherlock his hand. “I’m choosing the next location.”
Before he knew it, John stood in front of the door, wondering what he was doing here, but his curiosity was getting the better of him, so with a strong push, the door gave way and he was standing in what seemed to be a sitting room, the darkness making it hard to see anything of detail beyond his torchlight.
Sherlock was slowly getting up, trying to feign that he was alright, but not really able to keep the pain from showing on his face. John went over and began prodding at Sherlock’s arms, throat, cervical spine and then stopped and drew his hands back when he noticed what he was doing. It was again a feeling as is he had done this countless of times, checking Sherlock for any serious injuries.
John rushed to the shock room as fast as he could. They had just brought in a young man with multiple fractures, a pneumothorax, and a brain injury that was likely compressing his brain which made his current chances of life very slim, but John was never someone to give up easily.
John gasped at the first contact, breathing out a quiet, “Sherlock”.
“Oh god, John,” Sherlock moaned and rested his other hand on the top of John’s head. “I won’t last, fuck me hard and fast, I need that, please.”
He thrust into Sherlock hard two more times and then buried himself deep into that tight heat, and had to bite down on his own forearm, because the shout that wanted to tear itself from his chest would have been seriously too loud.
have, but there nonetheless and he was never letting go.
He began trailing the crop over Sherlock’s chest and arms, seeing that that alone made Sherlock’s breath quicker.
Sherlock answered with a smirk of his own. “It’s not about me this time, what have
Half a minute later, John’s chest was arched off the bed, knuckled turned white and breathing uneven. “May…may I…please. Please,” was all John could mewl between short breaths.
“I don’t know. I wouldn’t go near that place every again and neither should you. But if you insist,” he  pulled out a piece of paper and wrote down an address, “but please, don’t go alone, okay?”
John wasn’t putting his full strength behind the blows yet, or rather the amount he would put behind it before it would very likely break skin, which he wouldn’t do, even if asked.
Although John only did something like this to such extends once, he noticed how easy it came to him, to think about what to do and how to.
He saw John coming to stand at his side, but kept his eyes straight ahead, before he felt his hair being gripped and pulled back, so he was forced to look up into John’s eyes, the pain in his scalp sending tingling waved down his spine.
“Because that’s not what they normally do?”
John understood and went back to the boxing gloves, doing as he was told as fast as he could.
It felt incredible being immobilized, both by John’s doing and his will alone and he could feel a sort of calm wash over him that couldn’t be compared to anything else.
Sherlock nodded, still looking completely blissed out and John was taken over by a wave of affection blooming in his chest. Sherlock was so pliant right now, so vulnerable in this public space and he trusted John to be there and keep him safe, something that he was sure he would never show anyone else.
“John, I swear to—, if you’re not fucking me through this table right now, I can’t be held responsible for my actions.”
John had a few days off, so when the door bell rang and a new client came up the stairs, John was there for a change, made tea, took down notes and was altogether happy that he would be in from start to finish this time.
“What?” John asked, taking his shoes off and putting them by the door. He would love a cup of tea now, but it truly was hot and the thought of letting it cool a little beforehand made him scrunch his nose in mild disgust.
It always started with a kind of restlessness, where Sherlock once lay completely still, hands steepled under his chin while he was in his mind palace, was now a twitch of his toes or continues movement in his hands.
John took the coils and the nipple clamps out and placed them in front of Sherlock. “What is your safeword, Sherlock?”
“Oh!” Sherlock exclaimed, striding to the door and opening it. “Line of rock salt, spirits can’t cross it.”
“But,” John prompted.
John breathed an almost devastated, “No,” at the same time Sherlock finally ordered, “Come, John,” watching in awe at the intensity of John crashing over the edge and spilling onto his belly in a silent  scream.
While aftershocks were still cursing through there bodies, John reached up and freed Sherlock from his bonds, bringing his arms slowly to his sides.
“What?” John got out, taken thoroughly by surprise about this.
“Sounds lovely. So what do you occupied yourself with now?”
“Cocaine,” he stated, matter of factly.
Sherlock was…more open, telling John more about his thoughts, letting him in more on what was going on and what he was planning to do.
John’s breathing- and heart rate, muscle percentage compared to body weight and height and where it would place John compared to the average British male (he would have to look into that) and so much more.
“Hmm?”
Speaking of tantrum, he could hear her signature whining (number three) coming through the open living room window where John was currently opening and trying to maneuver himself, Rosie, push chair and daycare bag through the front door. Whining number three would most likely turn into a tantrum in 93 percent, unless Sherlock found the one thing that would distract her this time. Good thing he’s gotten rather good at it.
“I think we should replace that bad memory with a very good one,” Sherlock murmured and John still marveled at how low that voice could actually get, even after so many years.
He then took a step backward to put some space between them, their eyes meeting, and said, “That is not entirely the truth anymore. I want this now, too. I’ve been fantasizing a lot about it actually.”
“No, I can’t John. My legs feel like they have no bones in them. Is that possible?”
But Sherlock didn’t stop. It had happened before, Sherlock would just get so immersed with pleasuring John that he would overhear John talking and John could never shove Sherlock away physically.
It was as if a switch was flipped, Sherlock’s body language changed and his hands were already at the top of his shirt buttons.
Sherlock just stared and tried to control his breathing.
John trailed his gaze down Sherlock’s body, definitely noticing Sherlock’s erection staining against his trousers, and then back up before it bore into him once again. “I want to tie you up, Sherlock Holmes. Tie you up, so you’re just my toy to play with, because I think those pretty nipples of yours could use a little work on them, don’t you think? And when they’re nice and sore and you’re begging me to give you more, I’m going to fuck you so good, you’re going to scream my name.”
Of course Sherlock wore black silk pants that clung to him in the most delicious ways and John hadn’t even seen his arse in them yet, but before he could get any further his thoughts were halted by those pants being pulled down and John was again awed by how at ease Sherlock was with his own nudeness.
John wanted to say something, anything so many times or ask if he could be of any help, but every time he tried the moment was either gone and so was anything he had seen in Sherlock’s eyes or the words would get stuck in his throat, afraid to make it worse by drawing attention to it, or make Sherlock think he was pitying him, which Sherlock hated to no ends.
When John came home, Sherlock was laying lengthwise in said armchair, in nothing but a pair of pants, which was really a sight to see and John leaned against the doorframe to the living room for a few minutes just staring and taking his fill.
You’d think it had to be something special, something colourful, complicated in it’s structure, or make interesting noises, etcetera, but that’s not what this is about. One time the object of Rosie’s restored happiness was John’s RAMC mug (which miraculously stayed intact), or a few weeks back (and he was immensely proud of her that day) his magnifying glass which she spent hours opening and closing, giggling at the noise it made when snapped shut the way Sherlock does all the time.
It was hard not to react, it really was. Sherlock’s back was littered with all kinds of scars. Short, long, thin, the two small round ones, John thought, must have come from cigarettes.
“I…,” Sherlock started, but he was obviously trying to work something out in his head. “Are you absolutely sure, John? I need to know, stopping in the middle of it would be worse than never doing it in the first place.”
It was finally time for John to loose his clothes, which he was more than happy about. It was fortunate that he didn’t wear his most constricting jeans today, but it was uncomfortable either way with a rock hard dick while moving around and dominating the most handsome and brilliant man he knew.
“I was, yes. But on the ground floor. I don’t even know why we all split up, it was so stupid. And then there was loud banding and thumping and we all rushed upstairs and that’s when we found Charlie. I’ve never—“ Jason stopped and buried his head in his hands.
“Some can’t let go when they die. They can’t interact with the outside world, they get frustrated and then vengeful. This one against anyone who enters his home, he gets especially brutal if there are in a group, understandably.”
“That will
John heard Sherlock say his name, his heart dropped into his stomach and at the same time, a blood red fury rose in that same place.
Without warning, he landed the first blow on Sherlock’s left buttock, which elicited a heavy exhale and his hands balled into fists.
He was just beautiful and so stunning, cock half hard, a light spread of pink reaching from his cheek- to collarbones and his pupils where dark, not fully blown, but they hadn’t even really started yet.
After a few minutes of enjoying the afterglow, Sherlock began to stir, his backside obviously smarting, so John got up and went to the loo to fetch a wet flannel and some soothing creme he had in the bathroom cabinet.
John curled his left hand around the gun, flicked the safety off with an audibly click and watched Sherlock still and gasp, halfway down his shaft before his eyes flicked up to John’s.
He turned Sherlock around, noticing that he had somehow gotten rid of his shoes and had pulled his trousers and pants off, and pushed him down with a hand between his shoulder blades so he was laying on the table from head to navel and Sherlock hissed a loud, “Yes!”
“No…yeah. I believe you. There was a man in A&E today who came here and ended up with life threatening injuries and no one knows the cause of them.”
To get Sherlock’s attention this time, John had a different idea and this was something he knew Sherlock hat a thing for, but until now, it never played into their sex life in such a direct way.
Sherlock took his hand and they both put on their coats. “John, I don’t think that’s a good ide—“
,” Sherlock replied, feeling himself blush for the way he, intentionally, answered John’s question.
“Hmm, sounds good,” John answered and trailed his hands up Sherlock’s back and around to the buttons of his dress shirt.
They had done this part before, so Sherlock moaned with pleasure when he felt a second finger sliding gradually into him, stretching his hole in the most delicious way.
The two stories were connected by three circular staircases and although there were quite a few people on each floor, it was extremely quite, just the barest of muffled voices, and the occasional clatter of glassware being handled.
“Of course I did.”
“Hey, arsehole,” Sherlock called from where he was still sitting against the wall. “Come and get me.”
And then, he had the perfect plan how he could make John feel better and get him out of his head.
Maybe now that they were having regular sex, John wasn’t that interesting in it?
John suddenly felt like he was having an intense Déjà-vu and a warmth spread though his chest that momentarily took his breath away. He had no idea what it was and he was quiet sure he never experienced a situation like this, but there was a sense of understanding exactly how the man in front of him felt.
“Which means, when other hunters are out of their depths, which is often, they call me and ask for advice.”
“Are they dead?” John asked, because he could deal with anger. It was the easiest emotion for him to deal with, it was back in uni playing rugby, it was in the army and it was with Sherlock, putting criminals behind bars.
“Oh I don’t now. The letters l-a-r-p stand for ‘life action role play’, that’s all I know. I had a patient a few weeks back who sprained his ankle while attending an event for it.”
“Can’t what?”
Sherlock shivered. “Yes, Sir.”
“Not could, I’m going to do it. For now though…”
The look on John’s face when he entered the sitting room confirmed what Sherlock already knew.
Over a year of seeing Sherlock naked and doing all sorts of dirty things together and he was still drooling over that gorgeous body every time, not to mention the increasing tightness in his jeans.
, a book he had read several times already, but never stopped having an impact on him.
The aching in Sherlock’s cock had blended with the consistent throbbing pain in his nipples, so when John gave him two slow and torturous pulls from root to tip, the reminder of how painfully hard he was, was actually worse than the short relieve he got from John’s hand.
If he had more experience with this, he would probably know.
“Because you are ‘Three Continents Watson’, you have the practice, it should be easy for you.”
!,” was all John could get out at that moment, heart racing and, not knowing exactly why, but terrified to death in that moment.
When John finally breached him, he chocked on his own breath, unable to process the incredibly feeling of John’s cock slowly sinking into him inch by inch.
“Oh and Holmes,” John warned and stopped Sherlock dead in his tracks, hand already on the doorknob, “I trust you to keep your hands occupied with getting yourself clean.”
“It’s too hot, why is so hot. I can’t do this, how are you even making it out of the house?”
But Sherlock wouldn’t want to have it any other way. The love he feels for Rosie is indescribable, but all consuming nonetheless, he relishes every second with her, commits everything to his mind palace, which had to undergo major expansions the first week John and her had permanently moved back to Baker Street.
He never wanted to sub unless his mind became too flooded with all the sensory input, data, theories and everything else running simultaneously trough his neurons.
But this time, he couldn’t. Something told him that there was an explanation behind all of this, despite it sounding utterly ridiculous right now.
He wrapped his arms around John’s shoulders and legs around his waist and from there it grew heated quite quickly.
He felt Sherlock tighten his grip around his shoulders and clear his throat. “Can we…maybe…do that again. If you’re amenable?”
“Good. And tell me again what I will do should you use it.”
“God, Sherlock you feel amazing,” John sighed and then began moaning as well when he started to move.
Nevertheless, Sherlock seemed to be extra impatient today and demanded, “More, Captain.”
John didn’t now what to say, usually he would wave anything to do with the undead, supernatural kind away. As a doctor and veteran he long stopped believing in anything that couldn’t be explained logically, too many innocent lives lost to still believe in a higher power.
When John surfaced again after a few seconds, his posture and the whole air in the room changed. It made Sherlock’s breath catch in his throat and he knew that John had made his decision.
Everything was made of dark wood, and he was on the top floor of a two story…library? The walls were lined with book shelfs, big chandeliers hanging from the ceiling and he could look down through an opening in the floor where several dark red armchair were placed on the bottom floor, each with a small side table and a lamp that was turned on wherever a patron was sitting and off if the place was not occupied.
Since then, they were at each other with hands, and after a called in favour for blood tests, mouths and fingers in every room of 221b and, he couldn’t believe how it happened, but yesterday
It was about the beginning of something new, of finally being where they should have been years ago.
He stepped closer, but kept a few feet between them to give Sherlock space. “Sherlock, hey, what’s wrong? Talk to me, please.”
The first few thrusts were long and deep, pushing the air out of Sherlock lungs every time, sending wave after wave of bone deep electricity through his body and leaving no coherent thought inside him.
The cab pulled up in front of a beautiful old building somewhere in Soho. The warm light streaming through the huge windows looked calm and inviting and John couldn’t hear anything coming from inside.
And just like that, Sherlock was out of his chair and making his way to the bathroom, although whether the reason was his arousal and the hope that John would do something about that, obeying John’s order or his body just acting while his mind was still derailed by the turn of events, John had no idea.
Thinking he would pass out any minute, he almost didn't notice when the door flung open, the pressure on his throat was gone and he fell to the ground, coughing and desperately trying to get oxygen back into his body.
John stilled deep inside Sherlock, making him sob and whimper, while he said, “It’s quite easy, Sherlock. If you come now, without my permission, I’m just going to keep fucking you until you’re ready for another go and able to obey my rules.”
At that, Sherlock lifted his head once again and he was smiling too now.
Sherlock drew in a deep breath. “Y-Yes, Sir. I except my punishment.”
Trying to shake the feeling off, John busied himself with looking at the patients chart and trying to conceal what he was feeling.
Halfway there, Sherlock murmured a quiet “John?” in the crook of his neck, tickling his skin.
This time, Sherlock stood up from his chair and looked into John’s eyes and kept his gaze there. “Ah, thank you,” he said and then brushed his fingers against John’s while taking the phone and blindly texted something.
What Sherlock so loved about all of this was that they both agreed that they didn’t need the BDSM aspect to play into every sexual thing they did.
“I’ve googled a bit while Charlie was in surgery and this house is apparently haunted for over a century. There are two other known incidents of people getting hurt badly when entering and tell me— “ Jason turned to John and looked him straight in the eyes, “—tell me this isn’t a damn coincidence.”
Jason’s eyes went wide and he shook his head vigorously. “You can’t go there.”
He sniggered to himself and then spend a few minutes to think about how he was going to go about doing this, deciding in the last minute to take his gun too, because why not go all the way.
John got back around in front of Sherlock and asked, “Still feeling good, Sherlock?”
John sighed and braced is hands on the edge of the counter. “No, not really.”
Between those two points, he was already unable to move, relieving the pain on his scalp made his nipple throb even harder and the other way felt like his head was on fire.
“And what do we do?”
But then Sherlock enveloped him in hot, wet heat and sank down slowly right to the root and John was defenseless against the onslaught of bone deep electricity shooting through his cock and up his spine and let the moan that he had been pushing down out, balled his hands into fists and forced his knees to stay under him.
“Are you working with bees?” he asked, putting his finger between the pages and leaning forward every so slightly.
So here they were now, walking up the steps of 221b after a cap ride that was like nothing John had ever experienced.
Sherlock was on his elbows and knees, hovering over John and caging him in as tightly as he could. His lips were sealed to John’s, tongues entwined into a slow dance while his hands moved to caress every inch they could reach.
He or she, although Sherlock had said statistically it would probably be a man, was good, really good and with only a few hours of sleep for John and none for Sherlock, John could feel they were both at a point of going mad.
He was still sitting in the exact same spot when John came home, but something was off, judging by the way John’s usual tread on the stairs was slower and ever so slightly uneven.
He answered with a nod to let Sherlock know he understood.
“Put your hands behind your back,” John ordered and Sherlock complied. “Whenever I order you to kneel, this is how you’re going to be. You will also address me as Sir, whenever you’re speaking. You’re not allowed to come, unless I give you permission. Disobey any of this and you will be punished. Is that understood?”
John turned on his heels and took the stairs to his former bedroom, now housing clutter that was otherwise just in the way, old case files and still a few things of John’s that he had no reason to bring downstairs.
They lay side by side for what felt like hours, John could hear nothing but their breathing and the muffled sounds of traffic outside, fortunately the windows were closed to keep the heat out, otherwise they would have given Baker Street quite the show.
While John heard the shower running, he quickly went to their bedroom to fetch a bottle of lube and locked both doors to the flat on his way back, Mrs. Hudson had always been enthusiastic about their relationship, but she had walked in on them once and that was definitely one time too many.
He stopped Sherlock halfway down and pulled him gently back up so their faces where just centimeters apart.
John slowly walked into the room, coming to stand at the side of the table Sherlock was working on. “Huh, bit different from my day,” he said looking around the room and surprised himself with how easy the same words where coming to him.”
“You look so fucking beautiful with those ropes on your skin, Sherlock. I can’t wait get my cock into you.”
They started whilst the sun was setting. They went to a bar not dar from Baker Street and John left a few minutes before Sherlock in order to arrive alone and maybe get himself a drink or something.
He didn't bother with condoms since he wasn’t planning on doing anything that would make them necessary.
to have John dominate him thoroughly.
“What do they normally do?”
The following minutes went by as if he were not really there, only white noise in his head and John’s warm finger on his skin.
He was still in his lazy, morning fogged thoughts when John began to stir and wake up.
, John! Don’t stop, holy shit, I’m going—
John was about to order him to fold it, but found himself satisfied with the way Sherlock had done it and decided that, should they do this again, not out of necessity, but more because they just wanted to play, he would be stricter, but this was not about tasks for the sake of ordering, it was about letting Sherlock surrender his control as fast as reasonable succession and safety allowed.
“John speculated last night that it might be a threat of some kind.”  Sherlock replied.
“Thank you.”  Greg said.  He stood and ran his hands through his hair.  If John and Sherlock were going to be okay, then maybe he should head home.  Sleep had been at a premium for days.  He desperately needed food and rest, and John and Sherlock weren’t likely to notice his absence anyway; they were far too absorbed in each other these days.
Sherlock grabbed John’s hand and squeezed gently before leading the way through the ambulance doors.  His message was clear.  The Work was done for now.  The sooner they got patched up, the sooner they could go home.
He discarded the newspaper before standing.  He approached Sherlock calmly, but the ridiculous smirk never left his face.  After two paces, Sherlock looked up, and their eyes finally met.  John’s were filled with amusement that didn’t quite conceal layers of hope, nervousness, and determination underneath.  Sherlock felt certain his were filled with terror.
“I take it the team hasn’t come up with any new leads in our absence?”  When Lestrade shook his head, Sherlock continued.  “Of course not.  We met a mutual acquaintance, but he isn’t who we’re looking for.  It doesn’t make any sense.  The women fit the same profile.  They’re being chosen for a reason, but they’re not demonstrably connected in any way.”
Sherlock took a bite to appease John.  His considerations were slow-moving tonight anyway.  One bite wouldn’t hurt.  It was early still.  He could find the answer tonight.
Last night was…
Thanks again for reading!  I absolutely love any and all feedback!
Wait.  Did John just tell someone they were a couple?  Sherlock’s brain immediately abandoned the case and went into overdrive.  After all his denials, John was suddenly comfortable being mistaken for Sherlock’s boyfriend?  Was it just for the case?  No.  Whether or not they were a couple had no bearing on the case.  Was this a way for John to tell Sherlock that his feelings had changed?  After all “not gay” didn’t necessarily equate to straight.  Was he deliberately trying to tempt Sherlock?  If John suspected Sherlock’s attraction to him, perhaps he felt it necessary to conduct an experiment to suss out the truth.  Sherlock tried to ignore the brief panic that gripped him.  It was what Sherlock would do after all, and John couldn’t find out.  But John was not Sherlock.  His intentions were always good.  Perhaps it was just a coincidence, or perhaps he was reconsidering their relationship.  Sherlock needed time to determine what to do if that was the case.  Besides he was supposed to be focusing on the case.  He attempted – rather unsuccessfully – to stamp down the bloom of hope seeping through him as he dragged his mind back to Toby answering John’s question.
“Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson.  You’re getting quicker.”  Stroud replied.
“It’s possible.”  Mycroft said taking a sip of his wine.  “Being on the receiving end of Sherlock’s rather wrathful brand of enthusiasm is quite frightening.”
Besides, if he was going to feel affection towards anyone, at least John saved his neck as many times as he saved John’s.
Sherlock cocked his head to the side curiously.  “You’d pick here?”  He diverted his eyes from the alley itself and looked around the entrance.  “I suppose it provides good cover, but that’s not how I came to my conclusion.  The cover is likely only to cause difficulties for us, since CCTV won’t be available.  No, look at the trash cans.  They’ve been overturned.  There are scuff marks on the pavement as well.  There was a struggle here.  There’s even a convenient blood smear on the wall.”
Mycroft.  Now there was an interesting situation.  Greg had promised himself that he would ask Mycroft out, but the prospect seemed much more intimidating in the light of day.  Mycroft was brilliant.  Maybe even more so than Sherlock.  And he didn’t exactly socialize normally.  Why would he want to date Greg?
“I’ve already called some people in.  Once I see the list, I can bring in more if necessary.  They’ll be on-scene to prevent anything before it happens.  We’ll need to stay in touch to make sure our forces are coordinated.”  Lestrade replied.
The conversation continued surprisingly easily and amicably as Greg and Mycroft ordered and ate.  The shared hellishness of their work schedules gave them both plenty of fodder for complaints and mutual sympathy.  The talk remained strictly professional, however.  Neither man relaxed until Mycroft’s phone rang.
“Maybe we aren’t the ones at whom the threat is directed.  Maybe someone else understands it.”  Sherlock said.
“Taking your pulse.  Didn’t you hear me?”
Both Greg and John looked momentarily confused, as if they were not entirely sure what had passed between the brothers, but certain that
If he could answer that question, they could prevent more kidnappings.  Not for money.  No ransom demands had been made.  Lust didn’t make sense as a motive since she hadn’t been raped or otherwise sexually abused.  She hadn’t been physically hurt either, so simple blood lust could be ruled out.  Vengeance?  Holding a person without hurting them seemed an odd way to exact revenge.  But perhaps… revenge against someone else?
Greg gave him a sideways glance, and John wondered if he should even try to explain the ridiculous position Greg had caught them in.  John opened his mouth, but Sherlock shushed him before he even began, so John returned to his silent reflection.
“Hi.  Yeah, thanks.  I’ve got the case files here.  You can take a look.”  Mycroft picked the files up and began to peruse them while Lestrade continued.  “Sherlock thinks the kidnapper has been practicing with these women, but that his real target is someone higher up, a politician or celebrity.  There are too many of those in London for us to cover, but we can narrow the field to those that live or work in the Westminster and Hyde Park areas.  That’s where you come in.  Your people presumably know who we should be monitoring.”
“I don’t understand.”  Lestrade said.
“Yes.  Of course there will be problems with keeping that many staff members on high alert if we don’t gain a lead on our kidnapper soon.  Ideally, he will show himself tonight.  If he is captured, we will no longer need to concern ourselves with this mess.”  Mycroft was already perusing his own menu.
Sherlock took three quick strides and outpaced John.  He cut him off before he got to the kitchen.  “No.  The doctor told you to rest.  Go sit down.  I’ll bring you the paper and some tea.”
“Yeah, no worries.  I rarely get the whole weekend off either.  That isn’t really how police-work goes.”  Greg said.
“So he has.”
“As a musician or an actor – anyone who puts on a show – when would you perform without an audience?”  Blank looks from John and Greg met Sherlock’s question.  “When you’re
Sherlock rolled off the couch and stood up to stretch.  His suit was wrinkled from lying down, and he wondered how long he had been thinking.  It was well past nightfall outside the window, and the coffee table held a plate of untouched, cold pasta.  John again.  The man himself was seated in his armchair, slumped forward, asleep with the case files open on his lap.
“You think he took his victims to his own business?”  John asked.
“I… would like to propose… an arrangement of sorts.  After dinner last night, I have come to the conclusion that I find your company gratifying.  If you are amenable, I propose a social transaction.  Perhaps weekly depending on our mutual availabilities.”
“Your pupils are dilated.  Your breathing is faster than normal.  And your pulse is – hang on-“  John looked down at his watch for a few seconds.  “Yep, elevated.  What might we deduce from that?”
There was another odd sentiment coming from Sherlock, John thought still watching as Sherlock wove his way about the victim's living room.  Not that it was odd that Sherlock had known he was tired.  Sherlock knew everything, but that Sherlock might be concerned enough about John’s comfort to allow himself to be manipulated into cooking was strange.  Of course he had seen through John’s challenge.  How could John have deluded himself even for a moment thinking otherwise?  But if that were the case, then Sherlock had actively made an effort to cook for him.  Not only that, but he had apologized for his failure to follow through.
“Er, well…  It’s tidy… but not overly clean.  So, it doesn’t look like anyone tried to remove fingerprints or blood.  Did forensics find any?”  John answered haltingly.
“I’m sorry to bother you, Mr. Holmes, especially on a Sunday, but we have reason to suspect that someone is planning a high-level kidnapping.  The Yard doesn’t have the intel or the resources to properly cover the range of potential victims.”  Lestrade said.
John just sighed.  “Sherlock, I do not have a concussion.  I just need stitches to stop the bleeding.”
Upstairs, Sherlock started pinning various bits of information to the wall while the clatter of pots and pans resonated from the kitchen.  Dinner would only slow him down, but tea might be nice.
the man.  They’d had so many late nights recently, he must have drifted off on Sherlock’s shoulder.  Had he noticed?  Or had he already been asleep?  Dear God, please let him have been already asleep.  He must have been, though.  Sherlock would never have allowed John to sleep on him.  He hated even being touched!  John had just been so out of it that he hadn’t noticed Sherlock fall asleep and had then passed out himself.  That’s all.  Besides, Sherlock needn’t know how they had slept.  John would just disentangle himself now, before Sherlock woke up.
John giggled.  Seriously, why was he grinning like that?
Mycroft felt his face flush and prayed Greg and John would not notice.  Nothing could stop Sherlock from seeing, but he had already deduced Mycroft’s feelings anyway.  Well, Sherlock had at least deduced that he was attracted to Greg.  His intimation that Mycroft might be jealous was wholly misplaced.  Nor was he distracted by his feelings.  Such pettiness as jealously was beneath him, and Mycroft maintained enough self-control to decide where to divert his attention.
He picked up a book on 19
“Wrong.  I know how you work.  It’s not likely that you’ve told the police what led you here or even where you are.  You may have all the evidence you need, but the police have nothing.  If you were to never leave, how would they ever find me?”
John’s eyes traced every bit of new flesh revealed, while Sherlock unbuttoned his shirt from the top down. He fantasied about this so many times, but never once was Sherlock the one to do it while John just watched.
“No, it’s my job. I’m Sherlock Holmes, hunter, consulting hunter to be precise, only one in the world. I invented the job.”
The man was wiping a tear away from his eye and stood to shake John’s offered hand. “Boyfriend, actually. My name is Jason Walls,” he said, trying to give a tiny smile.
“Definitely not as a cause of a fantastic shag.”
On the way back he grabbed the item he thought of the second Sherlock had mentioned painplay. The riding crop was still at it’s usual place, leaned against the wood and glass cupboard, party concealed by the window’s curtains.
Coming down the stairs, John tried to make his tread light, hopefully not tipping Sherlock off right away and he was lucky, Sherlock was still laying where he left him, looking up at the ceiling.
He rose to his feet and couldn’t stop claiming Sherlock’s mouth again, thrusting his tongue deep into Sherlock’s mouth, keeping a hand to the nape of Sherlock’s neck and not letting him go.
He futilely tried to warn John, but managed nothing other than a clumsy tug on his short hair which did absolutely nothing and so his orgasm shot through him, muscles tense, toes curling and back bowing in pure ecstasy.
Sure, Sherlock liked it when John’s dominance showed, whether they were just snogging or he was giving John a mid-afternoon blowjob in the kitchen, just because he wanted to, but it wasn’t a necessity for them in order to feel satisfied.
“And so are over thousands of other known species. Djinns for example. If they touch you, they trap you in your ideal dreamworld and then drink your blood until you die. Or Rugarus, they live a normal human life until they turn after about 25-30 years and then crave human flesh, once they eat it, they fully turn. Or, one of my favorites, shape shifters. They look just like you and me. They can turn by shedding skin, hair, nails and the like and look like a completely new human being. They are very clever and very hard to track down, which makes those cases extremely interesting.”
The fall over the edge felt more like a crash at top speed, every muscle in Sherlock’s body locked up and he
“Who?”
“Sherlock,” John said urgently, “the boxing gloves, what do I do?”
Which turned out to do absolutely nothing and before John could do anything else, he was grabbed by the throat and slowly lifted into the air, taking his ability to breathe and do not anything other than flail around uselessly.
When Sherlock let his shirt slip over his shoulder, he carefully laid it over the back of John’s chair, but didn’t turn around in the process.
Sherlock patiently listened to John’s rant, felt him relaxing a bit in his arms and then surprised himself by how much it relaxed him as well.
By the third time, John gave in, because not only did Sherlock need to come, he himself couldn’t hold out much longer.
He had just sat down with his favorite type of lager when he spotted Sherlock entering the bar with his coat billowing behind him. He saw him sitting down at the bar, but didn't order right away, waving the barman away and looking for all the world like he was just waiting for someone to come and have a nice evening chat with him.
Sherlock didn’t say anything and just stared at the ceiling, eyes glazed over like he was someplace far away and John took that time to pull out carefully and check Sherlock quickly.
“Yes,” was all Sherlock could get out in that moment.
That was actually the truth, but not in a way everyone in that place would think of straight away.
Iron rod in hand, John stomped across the room, diving around Winston in the last moment and whacking the rod through his body, making Winston disappear again into nothingness. He immediately went to Sherlock, who had in the meantime regained some clarity again and was rubbing at his scull with a pain stricken face.
There was nothing he could do, if he wanted to know what this was about, he had to open the envelope and look inside, so with inexplicably trembling hands, he lifted the flap and reached inside and pulled out a few sheets of paper.
Sherlock was nowhere to be seen, so John ordered another beer, but decided to be just sipping at it from time to time.
“Oh Sherlock,” John sighed, peppering him with kisses and running his fingers through Sherlock’s hair. “I should be thanking
What did changed, though, were small things, things that other people couldn’t notice.
“His Name was Harold Winston, died in 1895 when a group broke into his home, robbed and then murdered him. He was a mechanic and boxer, no wife, no kids, quite isolated in his private life.”
He got up and made his way into the kitchen, where John was currently attempting to make tea, but going by the way he was carelessly closing cabinets with loud bangs and then rubbing his hands over his face, he must be feeling really bad.
Sherlock was cautious though, would never let her touch a real human skull, but it didn’t matter, she was enjoying the show very much, her eyes glittering with excitement and happiness and the sour mood from earlier entirely forgotten. It was evidence of her adventures character and fearlessness that she found the skull nothing but incredibly funny.
“Where was the house?” John asked.
All he said was, “So where next?”
Sherlock was quietly moaning and sped up the bobbing of his head gradually, stopping on his way to circle John’s glans or give a very sinful massage to his frenulum and soon John felt himself getting close at a rather alarming rate.
“Which means?”
From there, he let the crop travel over Sherlock’s sides, making him squirm, his arse and the back of his thighs, sensitising the areas and prepping them for the strikes.
By the second time he did this, Sherlock was trashing his head from one side to the other and he was thoroughly babbling incoherent things.
He heard the quiet click of a cap and then a wet finger was circling his hole, the sensation making him keen in anticipation and his cock twitch between his legs.
John’s name while rope after rope of come landed on his chest and the sheets beneath him, he thought it would never end.
Sherlock threw his hands in the air in a gesture of total incomprehension. “Why would I want to shower, if I’m going to be covert in sweat again five minutes after?”
“Oi, why am I the one who has to try and pick up the gorgeous bloke in a bar?” John said, but couldn’t keep the smile forming on his face.
Sherlock scrambled into John’s lap, legs on either side and immediately reached behind him, taking hold of John’s cock and guiding it to his entrance.
“Not again, John. How often do I have to explain how this,” Sherlock gestured to the mop of curls on his head, “works?”
He got up from his armchair and searched the living room for possible candidates of distraction, a process that’s always like a puzzle, eliminating the things she played with the last couple of days, taking into consideration the time of day, the season, what Rosie had for breakfast and lunch, it’s a massive calculation that manages to exhilarate him every time and when he’s correct about it (again), sees her relax and be captivated by the thing Sherlock has chosen for her, it’s one of the greatest rewards he can think about.
He fell into parades rest and tried his best to get into the right headspace as fast as he could.
Sherlock’s grimace told John everything Sherlock thought about what he had just said, but Sherlock still added, “Please don’t ever tell me about what you did in uni again, I’m can’t delete the deduction as fast as I’m making them.”
John kept fucking him like that for a while, very rarely giving Sherlock the pleasure of stroking his prostate, but relaxing him more and more regardless, so when a third finger slid alongside the other two, there was no pain, not even a burning stretch, only the feeling of being full and the tingling friction of John’s movements.
John lifted his hand and curled his pinky around the middle of the chain and tugged on it. “You can say it, Sherlock. Come on.”
Thinking about how he wanted Sherlock, John realized that after all this time, they never fucked in his own armchair and that just wouldn’t do, so he pulled his fingers free, looked at Sherlock’s loosened hole for another two seconds and then stepped back and let himself fall into the familiar comfort.
Sherlock did and his eyes widened slightly by whatever he could read in John’s face. John certainly felt the determination and understanding he had for all this running trough his veins.
John looked up to him, a small smile on his lips and then he came to Sherlock, stretching up and pulling him down in a hug and sighing loudly.
The fact that Sherlock could just reach up and take them off and make the agony go away, but absolutely didn’t want to, was also proof for how much he enjoyed this.
Sherlock had whirled into the kitchen and immediately begun searching for something to make.  John had been relieved and a bit smug at his ability to manipulate Sherlock into cooking for once.  He had trotted off to the shower.
The warmth in John’s chest rendered him temporarily unable to breathe.  He immediately abandoned any doubts.  It had been a hell of a long time since he’d even considered being with a bloke.  Not since uni, but Sherlock wasn’t just anyone.  He was his best friend.  His crazy, ridiculous, utterly bizarre best friend.  The urge to reach out and pull Sherlock into his arms threatened to overwhelm John.  He almost laughed at how ridiculously strong the compulsion was.  He was considering the best way to make Sherlock stop pacing long enough to kiss him when Sherlock’s words caught up with him.
That didn’t make it a date however.  Nothing happened to indicate any sort of romantic or sexual intentions.  Therefore it hadn’t been a date.  No matter how badly Mycroft wanted it to be.
Sherlock’s mouth fell open for a fraction of a second.  John seemed oblivious, but Sherlock knew to what Mycroft was referring.  “What could possibly distract me?  I have everything I want.  You, on the other hand, dear brother, could be distracted by the right piece of cake if it walked by at an inopportune moment.”  Sherlock inclined his head in Lestrade’s direction on the word “cake.”
John grabs the bodywash and squirts it on the washcloth and starts rubbing on Sherlock's shoulders. He makes a quiet little humming sound to let John know how much he likes it. John stops for a second, then starts back up, but now its like he maybe knows what Sherlock's doing because he's moving the washcloth real slowly up and down his back now. "How does that feel?" he asks and Sherlock tilts his head back and moans a little. "Feels good John," he says and moves his elbow out a bit. John is leaning over him with one hand on the edge of the tub and Sherlock sees his fingers clench when he makes another happy moan. He calculates the exact amount of force he'll need to "accidentally" rub his elbow against John's groin, which is almost close enough. He shifts his body and asks John to go a little lower on the right side. John sighs but leans over more and thats when Sherlock makes his move. He slips his elbow farther off the edge of the tub and lets it rub up against John's dick which immediately starts to get hard, and Sherlock smiles to himself.
"Oh I know John I can tell" Sherlock purrs, rubbing his hand harder against the bulge in John's underwear. "Let me take it out and look at it, please John?" He gives him the puppy dog eyes and John's breathing gets harder and so does his dick when Sherlock squeezes it a little.
“Fuck,” John says slamming a fist against the wall. Only Mary is supposed to know his secret since she’s his wife and even though they’re currently on the outs due to her shooting Sherlock he knows she’d never tell. Or would she? She was the one who packed his meds, including his suppressants, when he moved back to Baker Street a month ago. Would she have tampered with them to get back at him for leaving her when she was pregnant?
Fuck he needs to concentrate. Mary takes Isaac home after she drops John and Sherlock off at Baker Street. They get up the stairs, Sherlock bouncing around with all that drug energy, and John decides to make his move. “You shouldn’t have done it Sherlock,” he says, pretending to be disappointed but moving closer and shutting the door behind them. Sherlock flops onto the couch and John stands over him. “You know you can’t just say its for a case, because you’re an addict and this could turn our very bad for you.”
John doesn’t even hesitate, he just takes Sherlock into his mouth and starts sucking. He puts his hands on Sherlock’s ass and squeezes at the same time. One finger slips into Sherlock’s ass hole and he groans and moves a little, but not too hard because he knows John doesn’t do this sort of thing, at least not now. There was someone in the army; Sherlock deduced it but he doesn’t know who and doesn’t care either. John sucked him in deeper and now he put two fingers in Sherlock’s ass, pushing hard until suddenly he hits the sweet spot and Sherlock sees stars. “Fuuck John do that again,” he groans and John does, again and again until suddenly Sherlock’s cumming. Not in his mouth because John pulls him away, but over his hand as he pumps Sherlock through his orgasm.
John feels weak, hot and flushed and ashamed of himself for agreeing with everything Sherlock is saying. But the thought of his body swollen with Sherlock’s baby growing inside him, his milk glands forming and his chest and nipples temporarily becoming breasts is like a drug. He feels high and turns his head desperately so he can plant a sloppy kiss on Sherlock’s lips. Sherlock’s tongue is in his mouth again and his hands are stroking his dick still slippery with cum. Then Sherlock pulls away and lifts his fingers to his mouth sucking greedily at the milky fluid and John has a vision of him sucking at his nipples and getting milk from them and just like that he’s having another ass orgasm, milking more cum out of Sherlock’s dick and tearing a guttural growl from his throat.
John’s eyes are wild and he just nods and jumps to his feet, pushing Sherlock over to the all and turning him. Sherlock knows it will burn especially since they don’t have anything like lube but John surprises him by pulling out a tube of Vaseline from his pants pocket. “For dry lips” he explains, and Sherlock moans as he squeezes out a generous glop and rubs it over his fingers. John puts two fingers into Sherlock’s ass at once and Sherlock gasps and spreads his legs wider. “God yes,” he moans and John starts pumping nice and fast. He hears a zipper coming down and pictures John pulling his dick out.
“She's pissed at you, she won’t come over,” John gasps and Sherlock laughs. “Oh yes she will, all I have to do is call her and she’ll be here.”
John is downstairs getting his morning coffee after taking a shower when he hears it, Sherlock is calling out in his sleep. He knocks but Sherlock doesn't answer so he pushes the door open. "Too big," his flatmate is moaning and John hurries over when he sees him thrashing around under the sheets. "Sherlock," he says softly then louder when Sherlock doesn't answer.
Inside the flat he waits impatiently and when John gets inside he grabs him and snogs him again while the clothes fall to the floor. “My bed's bigger,” he whispers and drags John into his bedroom and throws him on the bed. “Ever been fucked by another man John?” he asks and isn’t surprised when John says no. “Then its about time isn’t it?” Sherlock says and John’s face is red but he nods and opens his legs. Sherlock dives down for another taste, licking up one side and down the other of John’s dick while he presses his fingers against his ass hole, slipping just the tip of one inside. John gasps and bucks his hips and Sherlock gropes with his other hand for the condoms and lube he keeps under his pillow. His body might just be transport but all transport needs regular maintenance and he knows a good wank now and then keeps him from needing more.
“Just like this John? On the couch with your ankles on my shoulders? Or bent over my chair while I fuck you from behind?” Sherlock says and John lets out another obscene moan at his filthy words. “I want to cum inside you John, I want you to feel me and let me suck on your balls, you shaved just for me John I know you did.” Then he slips his fingers out and does something and suddenly John is lying on his back and Sherlock’s head is above his crotch. He starts licking and sucking on John’s dick, praising him for being so smooth and clean, just how Sherlock likes it. “Molly shaves for me too,” he says, looking up and giving John a wicked grin. “Maybe I’ll call her and have her come over. She can slap you if you’d like John. She could give Irene Adler a run for her money. That bitch thinks she knows how to domme but trust me, Molly Hooper is fucking hot as shit with a riding crop in her hands!”
John swallows again, then suddenly he's kissing Sherlock, forgetting all about Sarah and anything else except how much he wants the other man. He has plans to beat Mycroft within an inch of his life the next time he sees him but he doesn't tell Sherlock that. He probably already deduced it but that's something for later. Right now all he can think about is Sherlock and how much he wants him, how much he loves him even if he hasn't said the words and isn't sure he ever will. "Tell me you'll let me," Sherlock moans as John starts tugging his clothes off.
Fast forward six months and now John’s about to get married and Sherlock panics and does something stupid. Something really awful. Something he knows he should feel bad about but doesn’t.
John has his hands on Sherlock’s head and he’s moaning and swearing as Sherlock swallows him down as deep as he can take him, which is pretty deep. He’s got a long throat and taught himself how to take a dick all the way down when he was still at uni. Well Sebastian taught him but he doesn’t want to think about his old lover, he just wants to concentrate on John, and that’s easy to do with John’s dick in his mouth. He sucks hard and hallows his cheeks as he rubs John’s balls, squeezing them gently and liking the way John bucks up his hips when he does. The stupid piece of paper on his forehead falls off and John takes the one on his own forehead off and drops it to the floor while Sherlock pulls his mouth away, then runs the flat of his tongue over the widest part of John’s dick. “Fuck, Sherlock you said you were married to your work, when did you learn to suck dick like this?”
Then Sherlock starts sucking again, sucking hard on John’s dick again until the army doctor starts swearing and bucking his hips. Sherlock put his hand on his stomach to hold him still and John grabs his hair tugging hard.. “Fuuck” Sherlock says, his eyes roll back in his head at how good that feels. And John is swearing more and begging Sherlock not to stop, telling him he wants to cum in his mouth and Sherlock lets him. Of course he lets him; it’s John, how could he not let him?
He’s back from Afghanistan and he’s working at a small clinic when it happens. His boss, Sarah, warned him that sometimes junkies break in looking for drugs, either to use or sell. Her advice, if he is on shift when it happens, is to just let them take whatever they want and call the police after. “Don’t be a hero, John, you’re not at war anymore.”
“Is it good?” Sherlock asks him because he needs to know although he can deduce it pretty well since John is red and sweating and his dick is hard as a rock. “Yeah, it’s fucking amazing” John says. “Christ, if I’d of known you were this good at it I’d have snuck into your bedroom some night!” Sherlock just grins and feels his cheeks getting hot. He hasn’t blushed like this since he was a virgin.
They spend the rest of the day and the night just sucking each other because John wants to get a butt plug before he lets Sherlock fuck him and plenty of lube. Since he manages to get Sherlock off with his mouth three more times that night Sherlock doesn't complain. And he gets John off four more times and feels a lot of triumph when John admits no ones ever done that for him before.
As the three of them fuck there on the floor of the sitting room John decides that this is exactly what he wants. Mary was what he needed while Sherlock was pretending to be dead but Sherlock is what he’s always needed. Their children will grow up together, his and Mary’s and Molly’s and Sherlock will be there like always. Just what John’s always wanted. Then Molly clenches her ass tight around John’s dick and he moans and bites down on her shoulder; Sherlock pulls his head over for a possessive kiss and John feels his knot forming in Molly’s cunt and he puts thoughts of the future out of his head in exchange for the glorious present.
John is almost high, full of adrenaline, and his heart is pounding. The cabby is dead, good fucking riddance to that sick bastard, and Sherlock is safe. He saved him and now the two of them are heading back to Baker Street. They’re in a cab which you’d think would make him nervous but he doesn’t fucking care, he knows that only some of London’s cab drivers are evil fuckwads. So he’s got no problem climbing into the back seat with Sherlock sprawled out next to him. He tries not too look at him because every time he does they both start giggling again like fucking schoolgirls but of course he can feel Sherlock looking at him and so he turns his head and sucks in a breath because Sherlock doesn’t look like he wants to giggle. No, his face is right there next to John’s, his lips are parted and his eyes are wild, the pupils dilated and making his aquamarine eyes look black in the dimness.
Later when their lying in Sherlock’s bed together John grins. “So when are you gonna call Molly, Shezza?”
And John watches him go and wonders how the fuck this happened. But he knows he’ll let it happen again because fuck him if that wasn’t the best blowjob he’s ever had.
John watched as Molly brought the riding crop in between them and used it to shove Sherlock away from her. He stumbled back and she scowled up at him. When she suddenly smacked him on the shoulder with the crop John’s dick twitched. He nearly came just from the sight of the red welt she raised on his pale skin. “Take the rest of my clothes off she ordered and Sherlock dropped to his knees, pulling at her trousers and carefully taking off her shoes and socks. She didn’t move until he had taken off her bra and knickers, then all she did was lift one leg and drop it over his shoulder, the one with the welt. Her pussy is shaved like Sherlock said she did and John loves how it looks. “Lick my pussy you naughty boy. And tell John to join us, he’s being bad too isn’t he.” She grins and looks right at John, whose hand was now fisted around his dick. He was so turned on right now he thought he might pass out. “You're cheating on your wife John, that’s not good. You need to be punished too, don’t you.”
So when John unexpectedly goes into heat when the two of them are undercover, Sherlock as drug-addled coke dealer “Shezza” and John as a buyer looking to score, he expects Sherlock to make some withering remark about suppressants not being as good as they used to be or something like that, but instead Sherlock just looks stunned. He sniffs the air disbelievingly his eyes darting over to John again and again as if he just can’t make the connection between the enticing scent and his temporary flatmate.
And Sherlock’s an Alpha, of course he bloody is John’s always known that even if Sherlock doesn’t act like a typical Alpha. John always assumed he was asexual and maybe he is but he’s still an Alpha and short of chopping off his dick, he’s going to react to John’s pheromones the way any Alpha would.
He doesn’t say anything when Sherlock does the same and he doesn’t look at him, just rinses his hands off in the pool before telling Sherlock, in a rough voice, to call Lestrade and get the fucking bomb vest taken care of.
Sherlock couldn't go on but John just held him closer. "Did he make you suck his dick?" he asks very quietly, feeling his rage at Sherlock's brother growing with every word. Even if it was when he was high and a teenager it doesn't matter, he still did something terrible to his baby brother. Even when Harriet is super drunk she would never even think of molesting John or anyone else, no matter how nasty her temper gets when she's drinking.
In a split second John knows what's about to happen, and even if he would’ve said he wasn’t gay if anyone asked him this morning, he doesn’t care about labels right now, not when it’s obvious Sherlock’s gonna kiss him. And he does, he moves his head forward and puts his hot lips on John’s and John groans and grabs him, pulling him down on top of him. They're writhing together in the back of a fucking cab like a pair of drunk hormonal teenagers. The cabby yells at them but Sherlock pulls a wad of pound notes out of his pocket and shoves them through the little slot in the glass blocking them off, and the driver shuts up real fucking fast. John thinks he sees a couple 50s and maybe even a 100 but then Sherlock goes back to kissing him and he doesn’t fucking care any more. His tongue is hot and slick and John suddenly imagines its not Sherlock’s tongue in his mouth but his dick and he moans and slides his hands down under Sherlock’s coat and grabs his tight little ass with both hands.
“Both is good," John gasps, and Sherlock pulls him down on the couch and kisses him, his tongue thrusting deep into John’s mouth. John sucks on Sherlock’s tongue and hears him moan and fuck it’s so sexy he almost cums just from the noise. But he wants to fuck Sherlock and he wants Sherlock to fuck him and Mary knows he won’t be home for awhile so its ok, they have time to do both. “Fuck me first,” he says. “I know you have lube, I saw it in your room so I know you must wank sometimes Sherlock, right?”
“Fuck” Shezza says sounding surprised. John sucks him for a bit longer then reluctantly pulls away stumbling back to lock the door. The shades are already drawn on the window and he starts pulling his lab coat off, but Shezza shakes his head and tells him to just open up his pants. He holds up a tube of the medical lube meant to be used for things like prostate exams, then hops down from the table and turns around so his back is to John. “Use this” he says and tosses the tube and a condom to John who catches them. Shezza is leaning against the examination table, legs wide and ass on display the paper gown wadded up and on the floor. John steps over it and sets the lube and condom on the table. He leans over the young man and kisses his neck.
“Fuck yes!” she cries and John launches himself at the two of them; he can’t stay in his seat one second longer. He kneels down between their legs after Sherlock widens his to make room, and then he starts licking any parts he can reach, Molly’s pussy and Sherlock’s dick as it moves in and out of her, his balls, he even slicks up a finger and reaches around and starts rubbing Molly’s ass hole with it. “God yes John put it in me! I want to feel you both inside me at the same time!” Molly cries out, and he pushes his finger deeper inside her. Then he pulls his mouth away from her pussy and looks at her hungrily and says “Just my finger Molly? Or do you want something more.” He strokes his hard red dick suggestively and she grins at him like a wolf. “Oh Doctor Watson, I do like the way your mind works.”
“I’ll come back next week, same time” Shezza says and he winks as he wipes the cum off his face with the bottom of his hoodie. “I’ll even let you fuck me then.”
“Been at war,” the kid says in a surprisingly deep baritone. “Afghanistan or Iraq?”
Sherlock carefully lubes up and slides his dick into John centimeters at a time, painfully slow until he’s fully seated. John is still moaning and even sobbing a bit but when Sherlock asks if it hurts he says no, it burns a little but he wants more. So Sherlock thrusts his hips forward, tiny movements, and John pushes back and chokes out Sherlock’s name and that makes Sherlock so fucking hot he can’t help himself. He starts to move faster, snapping his hips against John’s ass and feeling his balls slap against him with every thrust. God his dick feels like it’s on fire, the sex is so bloody fantastic and John is still moaning his name and he grabs Sherlock’s hand and brings it to his dick so Sherlock can pump it. It doesn’t take more than four good strokes and John is cumming on his hand and Sherlock doesn’t last much beyond that.
John leans forward and bites his shoulder hard enough to leave teeth marks even through the layers of designer jacket and tight shirt and Sherlock whimpers again, squeezing his eyes tight shut as John scissors his fingers inside him ass. He has three in there now and his thumb is rubbing against his balls and he moans and bucks backwards. John takes the fucking hint at last and Sherlock hears him squeezing out more Vaseline to rub on his dick as he slides the foreskin up over the head, up and down until Sherlock thinks he’ll cum from that sound alone. Then he feels John lining himself up, pressing the head of his dick against Sherlock’s ass hole, and then he’s sliding inside, one quick thrust and suddenly he’s in. Sherlock can feel the burn and stretch and God he loves it. “Fuck me hard John,” he begs and John starts moving, faster and faster, making low grunting noises as he shoves his nice fat dick in and out of Sherlock’s ass.
Sherlock starts crying; he feels so ashamed and so angry but this is John and he trusts John, so he tells the truth. "I was 8 and Mycroft was 15. He used to do drugs John, that's why he gets so pissed off when I do them because he knows how bad it can be." John doesn't like Sherlock's big brother and nothing hes saying now makes him like him any better. He braces himself because he thinks it'll be even worse. And it is because Sherlock tells him, "I was 8 and he was high and I had a nightmare. Mum and dad were away, they didn't know about the drugs or they wouldn't of left me with him. But they did and when I had the nightmare I got into his bed. He was naked and he told me I could stay but I had to take my clothes off too because they were too rough. I guess his skin was super sensitive because of whatever he took, but he was my brother and I trusted him so I did what he said. I was sucking my thumb and he said it might make me feel better if I had something bigger to suck and he pushed my head between his legs."
Sherlock doesn’t know why he's trying so hard to get John and Mary back together. Well he does and its because of the baby. The baby that isn't John's but John loves it and he doesn't need to know about Mary and her ex, David. That's a secret he'll let her decide whether or not to tell John. But after the baby’s born, Sherlock will find some way to get Mary permanently away from John and the baby. And even though he knows he’ll make a terrible dad he knows John will be a good one.
The filthy Alpha talk makes John’s dick get even harder even though he tries to tell Sherlock that he didn’t plan this, that it really was Mary who must of done it. But who the fuck cares? He’s wanted Sherlock ever since that first night when he shot that asshole cabbie who worked for Moriarty and hes never stopped wanting him even though he’s married and has a baby on the way.
Molly’s one hand was fisted in Sherlock’s curls, tugging hard as she moaned, and her other hand slid down John’s waist until she settled it firmly on his ass, squeezing and caressing and gliding her fingers near his ass hole. She pulled her head away and pressed her wet lips to his earlobe whispering “You let him fuck you, didn’t you John. And you shaved for him. He must of loved that didn’t he.”
John and Molly slide down so that they're kneeling on the floor, with Sherlock sitting in front of them fisting his dick and watching avidly as Molly slowly impales herself on John’s dick. “God you’re so big,” she moans and John feels smug because he is big and not just big for an Omega either. “So thick,” she moans, reaching around to grab his head and anchor herself. Her legs are spread wide and John can see her cleanshaven pussy. He looks up and sees Sherlock smirking as he positions himself in front of them. “I told you I like my doctors cleanshaven,” he says, then John watches as his dick slowly pushes into Molly’s cunt. She whines and arches her neck and the scent coming off her is purely female, a heavy Omega musk John finds as intoxicating as Sherlock’s deeper Alpha scent.
Sherlock wakes up to find himself curled in John's arms, feeling safe and warm and loved even though he knows John doesn't want him that way. At least that's what he thinks until he realizes that John has a nice big hardon pressing against his ass. He wiggles a bit and John moans but that's a mistake because then John wakes up and scoots away looking all embarassed when Sherlock turns to face him. "It's all good," he reminds his friend but John frowns.
"Its not that little," John shoots back, then bites his lip like he didn't mean to say that.
Shezza shrugs and leans back on his hands, insolently opening his legs wider and John swallows again, feeling his own dick getting hard at the sight. The kid has pale skin with very little body hair but what he does have is lighter than the dark curls on his head. “I’m just a patient, Doc. You need to examine me. And the nurse won’t come unless you call her.” His voice gets deeper and his eyes droop as he grins, reaching down to touch himself while John stares. “You get to come now though. Told you I’d let you fuck me.”
Then he moves forward and grabs John, giving him a heated kiss, tongue practically down his throat, and John doesn’t care since his own tongue is also doing the tonsil dance. Their hands are all over each other and their scents are filling the small room they’ve been hiding out in for the past few days while they wait for the Bristol police to take care of the the pissed off drug lords who think “Shezza” sold them out (he did of course). So here they are, just the two of them in tight quarters and literally nowhere to go until they get the go ahead via mobile, and John’s spiked into heat.
John moves up kneeling with his legs on either side of Sherlock in the narrow space. He grabs Sherlock’s dick and holds it steady while Sherlock moans and digs his fingers into John’s thighs. John settles himself slowly onto Sherlock’s throbbing shaft, taking his time even though he’s stretched out and ready. Then Sherlock’s inside him and its as fucking fantastic as he fantasized it would be and Sherlock is rubbing his hand on John’s dick and softly squeezing his balls. “Come on John, ride me,” Sherlock says and John starts to move. His moans get louder and louder as the burn spreads and turns into pure pleasure. Soon he’s bouncing on Sherlock’s dick, bracing himself on the other man’s thighs while Sherlock rubs his dick, holding it firmly in one large hand. His dick isn’t too thick but it’s long and John can feel the heat with every movement. He’s not going to last very long but he doesn’t care. It just feels so fucking good he can’t believe it. He’s wanted this forever and even if this is the only time it ever happens he’ll be able to replay it in his mind when he needs some extra inspiration.
The next day Sherlock holds his breath till John finally comes downstairs. He’s limping and cursing a bit and complaining about getting some bad Thai while he drinks the tea Mrs. Hudson made. He winces when he sits down but other than that he’s perfectly normal and Sherlock knows he got away with it.
Shezza stares at him quizzically. “Why would it bother me? Because of this thing we’re dong? Cos that’s just business, you give me what I want and I give you what you want. Mmm, but I get the best part of the deal,” he adds in a low voice as he swaggers over to John and grabs him by the back of the neck lowering his head so that his lips are hovering over John’s. “I get what I need for my fix and I also get a great fuck.” Then he kisses John, sucking his tongue into his mouth lazily and making John’s knees go a bit weak, its so base and carnal and fucking sexy as hell. Shezza ends the kiss and steps back, giving John a wink and a grin as he saunters out the door, pulling it shut behind him.
Molly shows up just like Shezza promised she would and John loves it
His hands slide down Sherlock’s body and stop at the waistband of his jogging pants. He hesitates for a second then drops his hands into Sherlock’s pants and cups his dick, so hard and heavy and already the glands at the base are bulging and ready to form his knot. John moans and cups Sherlock’s balls and Sherlock growls again and wrenches John’s own pants off, tearing them with a surge of lust fueled strength. He drops to his knees and John gets dizzy at the sight of an Alpha kneeling between his legs but when Sherlock’s mouth lands on his dick he stops thinking and wraps his hands around Sherlock’s head, and grabs his curls as he jerks his hips in order to get his dick deeper into Sherlock’s mouth.
John nearly blacks out with pleasure at the sensation, one he’s never felt before. Sherlock’s one hand is cupping his balls and the other is two fingers deep inside his ass pumping hard, and John knows he’s going to come and come hard. But hes in heat so he’ll be hard again in no time, especially if Sherlock (or Shezza, whatever) is fucking him like he so desperately wants him to do. “Please fuck me, give me your knot,” he begs, then shouts in pleasure as Sherlock’s probing fingers find the sweet spot and he comes just as hard as he thought he would, his cum spurting down Sherlock’s throat and over his face and neck. His ass is throbbing and the double sensation of orgasm buckles his knees. Sherlock holds him as he collapses, then turns him around and pulls his own pants down to his thighs so he can line his dick up with John’s ass. He shoves it in in a smooth thrust and John cries out as a mini orgasm shakes his body, his dick throbbing even though there’s nothing left at the moment to come out. When Sherlock bites down on his shoulder he really does black out just for a second. He bites down on the old wound from Afghanistan working the scarred flesh between his teeth while his hips pump furiously against John’s ass. Sherlock is holding him by the hips so hard he’ll leave bruises but John doesn’t care, he’s delirious with pleasure, his skin flushed red as he braces himself on his hands and knees.
“Tell me you want me to fuck you,” Sherlock says and John repeats the words but he doesn’t sound as mechanical as he did the first time so Sherlock knows he means it on some level. Plus John’s cheeks are red and he has a bulge in the front of his pants that wasn’t there before, and Sherlock gets even harder than he was. He grinds his hips against John, rubbing his dick along his ass then reaches down and rubs John’s dick too. John moans and Sherlock lets him stand up but only so they can go over to the desk. “Take off your clothes John then take mine off,” Sherlock says and John pulls his clothes off so fast he almost trips on his pants when they're around his ankles. He turns and starts to unbutton Sherlock’s tight black shirt and Sherlock leans forward and kisses him, hard. John moans and kisses him back and his fingers get clumsy so Sherlock pushes his hands away. He puts them on his hips as he grinds their dicks together. Theres a thing of lube in the desk drawer and Sherlock pulls it out, then turns John around and tells him to bend over.
Sure enough when he gets home Mary can smell what happened and goes into a rage. He reminds her that she’s fucked him over in the past, she screams at him that he said he’d forgiven her and they both say some nasty things to one another. It ends with him packing his things and leaving for Baker Street that very night. “I’ll still go to your scans and appointments,” he tells Mary as he heads for the door. “We’ll work out custody after the divorce.” Then he leaves and although it hurts a bit – he hates to fail at anything – knowing he has Sherlock and maybe even Molly makes it easier.
"No" John says shaking his head and staring at Sherlock like he's hypnotized or something.
Shezza grins at him and spreads his legs wide. “Lock the door, Doc,” he whispers but John can’t help it, he leans down and grabs his dick bobbing his head on it. He’s never gone down on another man before but he wants to, wants this so desperately and the taste is odd but he thinks he could get used to it.
When John leans down to lick it up off his belly Sherlock thinks he might actually pass out from bliss, and when he takes Sherlock's spent dick in his mouth he knows he will if they don't get to his bedroom. After they lie down on the bed John goes back to suckling at his dick even though he just came and says he plans to just stay there till Sherlock is ready to go again. "I wanna feel you get hard in my mouth," he whispers and Sherlock knows it won't be long til that happens.
When he finally wakes up John tells him what he said and how it was a nightmare and Sherlock just scoffs and tells him he doesn't remember the dream or nightmare, he just goes to the bathroom and slams the door shut. Since its a glass door John can see him when he kneels down and puts his hands up to his face and the way is body is shaking. But if Sherlock doesn't want to talk about it he won't so John hesitates for a few minutes, but then he leaves and gets ready for his shift at the clinic. He thinks about talking to his girlfriend Sarah about it but decides Sherlock would probably get mad at him so he decides not to.
The bomb is off John and in the water and Moriarty has come back and then left again, and John and Sherlock are alone. John is still kneeling, Sherlock can tell he’s shaken and upset and hurries over to him. John looks up at him and Sherlock stares down and suddenly John lunges forward and buries his head against Sherlock’s crotch. At first Sherlock thinks he’s just hugging him and shaking because he’s maybe crying but then he feels John mouthing his dick, which is getting harder by the second, and he understands that the adrenaline junkie is incredibly turned on by everything that just happened.
“Oh yeah Doc you got it, right there,” he moans and John moans too because this is so intense he might cum before he’s even fully inside Shezza. As if he senses that Shezza stops moving those sexy slim hips and goes very still, resting his elbows on the exam table and panting. As soon as John gets control of himself he starts to move again, sliding deeper inside until he’s there, he’s all the way in. “Fuck” he says grabbing the young man’s hips tight and leaning over so his chest is on Shezza’s naked back. The kid is skinny yes but surprisingly muscular and not wasted and too thin like most junkies. John makes a tiny thrust with his hips and kisses Shezza’s bare shoulder and like that was a signal they explode into movement with Shezza thrusting his hips back to meet John’s eager movements.
“I can’t give you drugs, not today,” John says hoarsely and he’s moved forward without noticing because suddenly he’s right in front of Shezza, close enough to touch but he doesn’t, just keeps his hands by his sides in tight fists to keep himself from grabbing him and kissing him hard likehe wants to.
"Fuck yes," John gasps and Sherlock pulls him closer, curling his fingers around John's hips and opening his mouth wide before pulling the head of John's dick into his mouth.
He’s bored and he wants to try out a new drug he’s put together so he slips it into John’s tea. Only it’s not just a sedative because John doesn’t go to sleep, instead he becomes highly suggestible, like he was hypnotized. Sherlock makes him do silly things like bark like a dog and try some yoga poses he finds on TV but when John is leaning forward with his hands on the floor and his ass in the air, Sherlock suddenly gets hard and had some other ideas, ideas he shouldn’t have because John is drugged but fuck it. There’s no way John would let Sherlock touch him the way he wants to if he wasn’t drugged and the drug is strong enough that he won’t remember anything except what Sherlock tells him to remember.
After looking at the bathroom door like he's afraid someones gonna walk in on them, John finally drops the washcloth in the tub and pulls his underwear down to his knees. Sherlock kneels up and leans over so his mouth is just over the head of John's dick. "Mmm, look at that, just as nice as I thought it would be," he purrs, then leans down and just barely touches the red tip with his tongue. John moans and his hips give a little thrust like he didn't mean to but can't help himself, and Sherlock knows he has him. "I just wanna put my mouth on the nice dick John, can I do that? Will you let me?"
“Afghanistan,” John gasps out and the kid laughs. But instead of threatening him or demanding that he open the locker he was trying to pick, the kid moves his head closer and breathes in deep, an obscene sniff at John’s neck and inexplicable John feels himself getting hard which is weird because he usually only fancies women. But the kid is pretty. Not in a girly way even though his lips are plush and set in a perfect cupid’s bow. And his eyes have a catlike slant with colors that shift from green to blue and for some reason it’s doing it for John. Maybe it’s because the kid got the drop on him and John’s always liked it rough and maybe it’s just that the kid is rubbing what feels like a serious erection against john”s ass, but John is getting harder and harder and he knows where this is going.
"Much," Sherlock says and kisses him slow and hot. "You're not too big John, you're just right. Just right for me." Then he grins and says "Oh and when you punch the shit out of Mycroft make sure to get in a few good hits for me, alright?"
John swears and starts to move away but Sherlock reaches over with his other hand and rubs John's dick through his pants. "I like this pair, they're my favorites, you look good in red John, especially when you're not wearing anything else." Then he looks up at John and smiles slow. "But oh no, I got them all wet." He makes a pout and watches John's eyes go to his lips and his blue eyes get very dark. Good, he's horny too. He hasn't had sex with Mary in months and Sherlock can't wait to see how desperate he is. "You should take them off John, and maybe I can help you with your little problem."
He reaches down and starts pumping Sherlock’s dick, just like Sherlock did for him and soon he feels the other man tense and cry out lowering his head to the back of the chair as his cum squirts out over John’s hand. John knows he’ll be cumming soon too and grabs Sherlock’s hips again, thrusting in and out and in and out until he cums with a moan.
“You’d almost think they want us do their job for them.”  John quipped, but the worry didn’t leave Sherlock’s face.  He seemed to waffle for a moment before he started to speak.
That was the moment the day had really become weird.
And yet it was a rare moment in which Sherlock could observe John sleeping.  The greyish light seeping in through the curtain from the moon seemed magnetically attracted to him.  It made his hair look less blonde and more silver, but that suited John.  As uncomfortable as his position must be, John still slept soundly, prepared by a military life to sleep anywhere.  Sherlock watched John breathing deeply for a few long minutes, not really observing, but reveling in his ability to simply look.  The warm creep of affection spread through his chest.
“John, I-“  He was cut off by the arrival of Lestrade.
Sherlock nodded and disappeared around the corner.  Stepping into the room, John dropped to his knees.  He set his gun on the floor beside him and started checking Lowe’s vital signs.
“Sherlock!  Hold up!”
“Come on, John.”  Sherlock shouted from the warehouse door.
He opted to calmly place the report back on his desk instead of throwing it, and then headed to the restroom.  The problem was, of course, that he
Mycroft looked down at his shoes, rather uncharacteristically bashful.  “Not that you aren’t desirable, please understand.  I realize you’re not interested in dating me, and I have no desire to make you uncomfortable or awkward in any way.”
“You’re not like a shadow at all.”  John looked over at him.  “You are an integral part of the Work, John…”  He hesitated briefly before standing and plowing on.  “You are also an integral part of my life.  You are much more important than a shadow.”
“That’s wonderful.  I did not come here to talk to my brother, however.  Perhaps you would join me outside for a cigarette?”
For a moment Greg considered the possibility that the two were already involved with each other, but then he stopped to consider what dating a Holmes would be like, what dating
John looked around the area.  There was no sign of a scuffle here, but there were several CCTV cameras.  John turned to point them out, but Sherlock was already dialing a number on his phone.
“How did you even know where we were?”  John asked while Lestrade ushered them to a waiting ambulance.
Anthea nodded once and vanished into the hallway.  Mycroft pulled out his mobile and texted Sherlock.
“The gym?”  John guessed.
The line clicked off, and Mycroft sat at his desk nervously for a few seconds.  Then he rose and walked to the center of the room.  Spinning slowly, he surveyed the rows of neatly organized books and papers accumulated on the various bookshelves.  He tried to tell himself that he was only double checking for exposed classified documents that needed to be removed before anyone else entered, but it was a feeble lie.  Mycroft was far too careful to leave such documents unprotected.  In truth, Mycroft was trying to evaluate what Gregory might make of his work space.  Not that it mattered.  Lestrade had been here before.  This was hardly a first impression, and Gregory’s thoughts about his office were of little consequence anyway.
“Taking your pulse.”  John said.
Greg watched Mycroft get into a sleek, black car.  His three black-suited security officers slid into the car behind him, and both cars disappeared around the corner.  Greg hailed a cab.
Greg acquiesced and turned to leave.  That was clearly the end of the conversation, so John went to sign his discharge papers.  Truthfully, he was tired and home sounded nice.
Mycroft washed his hands in the bathroom and splashed a bit of water on his face.  His reflection stared back at him from the mirror.  He prodded at the wrinkles around his eyes and futilely tried to fix his hair.  No style existed to make him look less bald and ginger, however.  He turned to the side and examined his profile.  Sucking in his stomach did not making him look less middle-aged and pouchy.
He had no business becoming so discombobulated at the prospect of Lestrade’s impending arrival.
Shit.  Hopefully his nose wasn’t broken.
A smile spread slowly across Greg’s face.  Then Mycroft started laughing.  Hysterical laughter, brought on by lack of sleep and the absurdity of the situation, bubbled up inside Greg, and within seconds both men were doubled over.
Sherlock turned to him and kneeled down to offer John a leg up, which allowed John to clamber through the window without cutting his hands.  Once inside, John immediately pulled his gun from his lower back and cleared the room.  Only then did he turn to offer Sherlock his hand to pull him though as well.
“I agree.”
“I hope you don’t mind.  I have no intention of becoming intoxicated, certainly not while peoples’ safety is at stake, but I have been deprived of my customary relaxing Sunday evening, and I have few opportunities these days to indulge in good wine.”  Mycroft explained.
Sherlock proceeded efficiently from the office whose window he had broken, into a bland, white hallway.  John followed and began opening doors into equally plain offices.  He was almost convinced they had broken into the building for nothing when Sherlock whispered from down the hall.
“I’ll check on her.  Look down the hall and in the lobby.  We need to make sure we’re alone.”  John whispered.
Why?  Why was the first woman abducted?
More and more, Sherlock felt drawn to John, as the moonlight seemed to be tonight.  Attraction – normally less complex than affection.  Attraction was basic biology with no need for the convoluted mess of sentiment.  Attraction to John, on the other hand was the definition of messy.  Mutual affection already existed in their relationship.  Any sort of physical relations might be driven by biology, but they necessarily could not avoid the tangle of feelings.  John would not be able to dissociate the physical and the emotional, and Sherlock could not assimilate them.  John needed romance.  Sherlock didn’t do romance.  Even if he could, John had made his position quite clear: “not gay.”
Greg continued to grumble in the background, but John hurried to keep up with Sherlock.  He had already whipped around the front doorframe by the time John reached the top of the stairs.
“The crime is too systematic.”  Another bite of orange chicken disappeared down Sherlock’s throat.
“You’re not… upset?”
This whole bloody debacle was their fault.  If tweedledum and tweedle-smartass could just keep their goddamn sexual tension out of Greg’s crime scenes…
“Maybe it’s supposed to be a threat of some kind.”  John suggested with a yawn.
“Thank you, and sorry about Sherlock.”
John had already curled his legs onto the couch, so Sherlock simply twisted, laying his head back against the arm rest and pulling his legs up in front of John’s.  John’s head came to rest on Sherlock’s chest over his heart.  He pulled the throw blanket off the back of the sofa and spread it over both of them.  An arm draped possessively over John as Sherlock lay his head back again to continue thinking.
John rolled quickly to the left and pushed to his feet.  Sherlock lunged forward, grabbing Stroud around the ankles and bringing him to the floor.  The gun went off again, the shot flying wild in the chaos.  John rushed forward and dove, ripping the weapon out of Stroud’s grasp.  For one second, John was certain the fight was over, then Stroud scraped his nails over John’s wounded arm.  John recoiled, and Stroud kicked, making contact with Sherlock’s arm.  An audible crack resonated throughout the warehouse.
The cab stopping pulled John from his thoughts.  Sherlock jumped out and headed inside the building, leaving John to pay.  He followed Sherlock into the flat moments later and went to stand by Lestrade while Sherlock observed.  There was no body for John to examine, and the scene was deferentially silent, so John found his mind drifting back to Sherlock’s earlier odd behavior.
Maybe then, they wouldn’t fail.  Maybe it was possible to date a Holmes after all, and if they were going to succeed, then that was clearly the better choice.  Greg hoped they were smart enough to take the chance.  It would be about time.
Suggesting that Sherlock make lunch was evidently not an appropriate response to his boredom.  He had declared cooking “dull” promptly.  John had responded with a challenge.  He could hear it now.
Squatting down in front of John, Sherlock put a hand on his shoulder, his face breaking with concern.
John’s introspective mood earlier had little to do with affection, however.
Without another word, Sherlock helped John to his feet and ushered him out through the front door.  While waiting for a cab, he pulled his scarf from around his neck and pressed it to the back of John’s still bleeding head.  His nose, at least, had mercifully stopped bleeding.  Not likely to be broken then.
The sight that met Greg’s eyes made him stop in his tracks.
Sherlock’s face contorted in pain.  John trained the gun on Stroud’s head.  “Freeze.”
“What have you got for us, Sherlock?” Greg inquired.
Mycroft smiled and took his hand.
“If you wanted to be absolutely sure you could get away with a serious crime, how would you test yourself?”  More blank looks.  “Commit a similar, but less egregious crime.  That way, if you are caught, the punishment is less severe.  Rape, assault, extortion, murder; all these regularly accompany the charge of kidnapping.  That’s what made our kidnapper unique.  He was
John sat down, not on the opposite end of the couch, but in the middle next to Sherlock.  They weren't quite touching, but Sherlock could still feel the proximity of John’s leg near his own.  John leaned back into the cushions as he opened his paper, just brushing his shoulder against Sherlock’s.
.  No.  He was downright
“I’m afraid I can’t stay long.  I need to see the ambassador – calm nerves as much as possible.  I know Sherlock will forget to update me, however.”  Mycroft shot a glare at his brother.
This case wasn’t really important enough for Mycroft to become so personally involved in normally, but perhaps a bit of socialization would do him good.  And it wasn’t a date, so there was really nothing to worry about.  What could possibly happen?
“The closest I have to a theory is that our abductor is taking similar women for the sole purpose of simply looking at them for a few days before returning them.  Since probability suggests that is not likely to be the case, I suggest we reexamine the evidence.”
The Prime Minister of Croatia droned on about the importance of establishing an annual joint military exercise with the United Kingdom, while Mycroft made a stoic attempt to appear attentive.  Nothing that happened in this meeting stood the remotest chance of affecting the policies of either nation, and Mycroft had more interesting things to think about anyway.
(See the end of the chapter for
“We have three different memberships.”  Toby said opening a brochure and pointing.  “The regular package grants you access to all the equipment.  The upgrade also includes up to two group classes a week, and the premium offers unlimited group classes.  We also offer a couples discount, if you’re interested.”
“Our kidnapper is prudent, it seems, but the woman was taken from here.  Scuffs on the lock from a clumsy lock-pick suggest a forced entry.  There’s a ring of dust on this table.  Someone knocked over a vase or a lamp, probably during a struggle.  Your team will likely find the broken pieces in the garbage.  Our victim left her coat and purse on the hooks by the door as well.  Clearly she didn’t leave of her own free will.  Unfortunately that tells us nothing about the perpetrator or where our victim might be now.  I’ll need all the case files and everything we know about both victims.  When can I see the other flat?” Sherlock said.
Sherlock stopped walking suddenly.  His vision unfocused for a brief moment.  “I… hadn’t considered that possibility.”  Sherlock’s gaze fell on John.  He looked unmistakably proud.  “It’s a good point, John.  However,” Sherlock broke back into a quick walk, “it’s irrelevant at the moment.  If Miss Holloway was taken from her home, then Lestrade already has the scene secure.  If she was taken from somewhere else, someone needs to locate it.  That’s what we’re going to do.”
“Yeah.  I can bring the case files over, if you want, though you’re probably not at your office.  Umm, I suppose I can meet you somewhere.  Er, your place or somewhere nearby maybe?”  Lestrade said awkwardly.
The other members of the conference stood up and began making their way to the door.  The meeting was over, apparently.  Mycroft could not even surmise what the resolution might have been.  He would ask Anthea.  She was in attendance with him, and it was not the first time he had spent an uninteresting meeting thinking about more important issues.  She would assume he had been lost in contemplation about nuclear arms treaties and terrorist cells, and he would not rob her of that impression.
John walked out of the hospital, grinning, and laced his fingers into Sherlock’s.  “Don’t listen to him.  Good for you guys.”
“Who?  No mutual acquaintances.  No connections.  No one has come forward.”  Greg sighed.
“Assumptions.”  Sherlock mumbled derisively.  He slowly spun in a circle examining every part of the room.  He then started to crouch as though to examine something on the floor.  John reached for the police tape blocking the door.  They were likely to be here a while, so he might as well take a look around too.  He was about to duck under it, when Sherlock abruptly aborted his crouching motion and popped back up.  “Oh.”
Unless you count saving Sherlock.  Or cleaning up after him.
Sooner than Sherlock anticipated, the food arrived.  John plopped down next to Sherlock on the sofa and arranged one of the take away containers in front of him.
“See you later, Mycroft.”
“You know, I quit smoking.”  Said Greg.
“John, sit down.  What do you need?”
Sally nodded before shutting the door to disseminate Greg’s orders.
He couldn’t help feeling a bit disappointed, but also wasn’t entirely sure why.  A handshake was a perfectly acceptable end to a business interaction, and he had spent all afternoon convincing himself that a business interaction was all he wanted the evening to be.  Still, it had been nice.  He wondered briefly if he had been played.  After all, Mycroft was bound to be at least as good an actor as Sherlock.  Perhaps all the comraderie was fake.
John watched Sherlock pace.  “We’re running out of time.”  Sherlock’s hands pulled at his hair melodramatically.
“I see.  I take it my brother has forewarned you about this imminent event?”  He asked.
Greg followed Sherlock and John out of the flat and watched them get in a cab headed toward the gym in question.  He climbed into his own car and steered toward New Scotland Yard.  Maybe, just maybe, the team had dug up something new, and they could all catch a break.
Before he had actually attended the dinner, Mycroft would have sworn that Greg had planned a strictly professional evening.  Now, he couldn’t be sure.  “Professional” events usually didn’t entail so much laughing.  Nor did they last so long after the objective had been accomplished.  No, it seemed socialization was on the table.
John and Sherlock disappeared into a cab, and Greg turned back to Mycroft, who was trying admirably to pretend he wasn’t blushing.  “So what do you say?  Dinner?”
Mycroft found himself facing his door sooner than he expected.  He closed it behind him.  The quiet did little to soothe his whirling thoughts, but at least it prevented anyone from seeing him so distracted.  He sat behind his desk with a slow sigh.
A balding doctor arrived relatively quickly to look at John’s head and introduced himself as Dr. Hardy.  “I’m going to have to stitch it closed, I’m afraid.”
“Of course not, don’t be ridiculous.  Her work reported her missing when she didn’t show up this morning; she never made it to work.  That means she most likely vanished somewhere between home and her office.  If she had taken a cab, the opportunities to snatch her would be almost nil.  Therefore we need to check the route she would take via the underground.  The nearest tube station is Knightsbridge.  We’re going there.”
But then, if Sherlock had been awake when John fell asleep, he had consciously allowed the cuddling to happen.  Hell, he might have even encouraged it.  John looked over at the sofa.  The throw blanket, normally folded over the back, was strewn haphazardly across it.  He had woken up under it.  Someone must have arranged it over them.  Sherlock.
Hope you all enjoyed it! :)  Any comments and feedback appreciated.
Greg couldn’t know whether they would draw back to their old patterns or take the plunge into the unknown.  Which option would be better?
Happy readings!
“Not to worry, Detective.  I’m happy to help your investigation in any way I can, especially if someone else is in danger.  You can come by this morning if that works for you.  How about nine?” She said.
It was turning into a hellishly long day.  Greg sighed as he contemplated the paperwork piled on his desk.  The coming weekend had seemed so promising only yesterday when his team had found that kidnapping victim unharmed.  The relief and adrenaline of the success had faded quickly, however when Greg began the paperwork.
Anderson looked momentarily blindsided.  “What do you mean?  She had to have been taken from here.  All the victims have been kidnapped from their homes.”
“John, are you all right?”
“John, I-  That is, whatever you’re thinking-  It’s not really the same as-  John?”
“We’re going to use it to find out who our kidnapper is, right?”  John asked.
“It wouldn’t be unexpected if either of you had bothered to answer your phone.”  Twin looks of bewilderment met this announcement.  “In any case,” Greg continued, “we have a serial kidnapper.  No leads, no suspects, and it’s odd.  The first girl, Mae Harris, turned up back in her own flat after three days.  No injuries and no memory of the event.”
