"But I have nothing to say to you."
Mycroft wouldn't have reacted to Sherlock's advances as amenably as Gatiss had, either.
Sherlock froze, then recovered himself quickly. "I'm a fool, am –"
– an art and antiquities expert, and sometime associate. She was particularly adept at procurement." Mycroft reached the top of the stairs and waited for Sherlock.
"And you're perfectly willing to blow it all to hell – why? Vengeance? Perversity? Ennui?"
For a very long moment, Sherlock sat frozen, uncertain of himself and his power to help. Molly had said that the only thing to really assuage grief was time, and that had felt true for Mrs Hudson, for his parents, but this – Mary hadn't died of age-related illness, and Sherlock had had a hand in her death besides – what in God's name was he supposed to do? John was clearly in the Anger stage of the Kubler-Ross model of grieving, flawed as that probably was, and though Sherlock didn't fear John's anger, he did fear doing something to alienate John for a long time.
"All right, all right –" John broke into a jog, dismayed that it took some effort. He'd been letting physical exercise slide a little lately with the exception of his occasional evening runs, and even those had been getting further apart. Nevertheless, he kept pace with Nora, and they made it to the fully-lit house in a flash. John tried the knob, found it locked, and got his keys out as Nora hammered on the door. "Hey, hey, hold on, I'm coming!"
"Yes. You profited nicely from all the art auctions she facilitated."
Sherlock shut the laptop and drummed his fingers restlessly on the table. If John was harmed as a result of Moriarty's malice and Cumberbatch's ineptitude, Sherlock would hunt them both down. His own helplessness was worse than frustrating, it was untenable. He got up and began to pace. Snatching up Cumberbatch's phone, he looked for a text from TWH but saw none. The latest text was from Em, who'd texted something about wine and cheese the other day.
, Mycroft," Sherlock drawled, and slumped further down in the chair. He yawned, then got up, found some paracetamol, and dry-swallowed four. His knee complained as he went to the mantel and picked up the phone. He gave the Watson family photo another glance, then took the phone to the sofa and collapsed, working his feet out of his shoes but not bothering to remove his coat or scarf.
Beside him, John heard Nora take in a quick breath. His heart clenched, but he shook his head. "I…I wish I could, Sherlock, I do. But we need the change of scenery. Both of us."
Hastily, Sherlock erased that last.
to talk about your boyfriend's lisp. Benedict's all right with it, eh Ben? I mean, you've probably had to deal with it all your life, haven't you?"
"Oh God." It was bliss and it was torture at the same time. John shifted, allowing his now-stiff cock to press upward, between his belly and the softness of Sherlock's bed. His hips undulated, and he ground himself into the bed, then let out a yelp as he felt Sherlock's lips against his inner thigh. "Christ!"
"We've got a bit of a wait on the runway, but we should still be in Derry within two hours. Have a pleasant flight."
"Oh, I don't know. Nothing out of the ordinary, actually. I potter around the flat, read, watch telly. He'll do research or experiments, or play the violin. Once in a while we'll play a board game, though that didn't go well last time."
"It really is…quite extraordinary," Mycroft replied quietly. "The resemblance."
John laughed. "I'll give you cross." He swooped down and blew a raspberry on her round cheek, prompting a giggle. It was amusing, and a little scary, how well she knew him. "When did you get so observant?"
"Oh." John exhaled. "Erm. Well, we'll have to see." He hadn't told Mary the cause of the rift. He had a right to keep some things private, and she'd never pressed him for details. She knew better.
"Oh, none of that," Ben said, and drew John into an embrace. John hugged him hard, his heart aching just a little. Ben was sweet, Ben was lovely…but it should have been Sherlock. Ben drew back. "Good night," he said. "I'll see you in the morning."
Mycroft glared at him, then turned his attention to Sherlock once more. "Frankly,
"You look just like me, you sound like me, and you even dress like me, but you
"Hardly," Sherlock said. "Back to the question."
"Ben, you hungry? I made an omelette."
John took a seat opposite Mary and watched her face as she looked at the picture. She swallowed, and her brow contracted. She reached out and turned the photo face-down on the table, the folded her hands in her lap, keeping her eyes lowered.
Violet stood, stiff and unmoving, the very picture of icy dignity, as the guards dissected the little mince pies with the attention of a surgeon excising a spinal tumour. One of them had already examined the books she and Siger had brought, the little gifts of clothes and lotions and pretty soaps, and then it was on to the food. Torn apart, X-rayed, scanned for explosive substances. And after they’d left, the gifts would be taken away and doled out sparingly. The injustice of it seared her soul, but there was nothing to be done about it.
"Oh, God, spare me." Sherlock enclosed John's hips with his thighs, pressing his knees close. "Never again. Never."
"Whoever it was, he was very familiar with Lord Moran," Sherlock said. "Called him Steenie. Family member, maybe?"
"Sorry," Sherlock said, holding his hands up in perfunctory apology. The driver shook his head and muttered to himself.
October 2013
"Funny," John said. "Mary wants to travel. She's keen on doing it soon, and then she wants to send Nora to this posh school in Surrey. I guess she's done a lot of research on it, but I'm not keen. It's in bloody Surrey, for one thing."
"Another time," John said. "Anyone for seconds? Not too much, we've got to save room for cake."
Oh, God, Benedict wished he could wrap his hands round Moriarty's slender neck and squeeze until his tongue and eyes bulged. But with those restless red sight points…he couldn't, no matter how much he longed to do it. Desperately, he tried to parry. "Don't you know?"
"Cloche." Mary mimed pulling a hat down. "That little plum-coloured one, with the feathers on the side. It's in the blue box."
They tip-toed through what must have been a century of gardening detritus, pallets of pots, broken furniture, stacks of flagstone and tile, shattered glass, until they reached the door to the main house. It opened easily, and Sherlock pointed at the floor. "Wipe your feet."
Benedict tried the soup; it was delicious. "Surely you've got better things to do. Haven't you had anyone assassinated lately?"
The glare was unbearable; for a moment Sherlock thought he'd fallen asleep in the sun. At the North Pole. He winced and covered his eyes. Then it hit him:
"Oh, all right," Benedict said. He heaved a sigh. "I get it. Look, I wouldn't have done, but it was for John. He's in trouble. You will help him, won't you?"
The remaining upstairs rooms seemed clean, so he went back downstairs and into the second front room, a sort of media centre-cum-library. Slight disarray – a pair of running shoes and socks overturned in a corner, a few books open and weighted with other books, a television remote, a tea mug, a stack of paper near a wing chair. Sherlock went to the stack and picked up a set. Film script, apparently.
"Not at all. I want a word with you." Mycroft followed Sherlock into the flat, sniffed fastidiously, and grimaced. "You should invest in a cleaning team."
"I've only met him twice. He's –"
"Who said that?" Sherlock demanded.
"I hate plaice," Sherlock declared sulkily, though he thought the cook probably wouldn't make too much of a hash of it. "And Cook?
Still rubbing his wrists, he went to his coat and found his phone. He fired off a text.
Benedict realised that Molly had pulled away and was staring down at him with a peculiar expression. "What?"
Mycroft's car drew up to the kerb at the Richmond Terrace entrance to the Ministry of Defence. "You're certain you wouldn't like a lift?" He stopped short of inviting Sherlock for a late dinner, though God knew Sherlock looked as though he needed a good meal; his face was terribly drawn and pale. Whatever they'd participated in today, the rapprochement between them wasn't yet complete. Perhaps it never would be now.
"Oh." Moriarty's voice trembled. "He doesn't know."
"Don't use all the hot water."
"Yes. I'm afraid he doesn't believe me, though."
"Ooh, feisty. Incidentally, it seems Johnny and Mary had a little spat. She's gone off looking for me, but hasn't found me yet. Obviously. Johnny's home with Nora. Well, he's headed to work after he leaves Nora at school." Moriarty took out his phone and showed Sherlock a live feed of a brick building, its pavement crowded with parents and children. "There they are." As Sherlock watched, John bent and planted a kiss on Nora's cheek, then flicked the bobble on her hat. "Aw. Sweet, aren't they? Not very bright of him to leave her so vulnerable, though."
"What makes you think I wanted to fly out here at this hour, Sherlock? Trust me, you're far too old for nursemaiding."
Hard.
John gave Sherlock a brief nod and savoured the pressure of his hand. "Okay. Good night."
Mary nodded. "Her solicitor called me. Her lawyer." She uttered a strange little laugh. "Tim said it was all right to come home. John, I'm going to go to the funeral."
Now they had this entire small jet to themselves, the very lap of luxury. Their hotel suite in Barcelona was theirs for a month, ample time to find a flat. John had arranged for an agency in Barcelona to send a number of bilingual au pairs for interviews during their stay. Even Nora's therapy was on track – Maria, her therapist, had agreed to video sessions once a week.
He stared at the meagre collection of apps on the screen. Half a page, no need to swipe. Gloomily, he opened MyFitnessPal.
A space of two heartbeats preceded Mycroft's answer. "Only fair."
“Couldn’t find them.”
"I'll see you day after tomorrow, John. Shall I have you picked up? It's easily managed." Sherlock looked him in the eye, and though he didn't step close, as was his old habit, he didn't release John from his gaze.
"What have you got?"
"No, I –" This was starting to sound like a child's verbal shoving match. "Why would you say that? I mean, I asked you all sorts of questions about your job, and –"
." He listened briefly. "Shut up.
Secobarbital 300 mg
Ignoring Mycroft, John wobbled toward the bed. "Sherlock. You okay?"
Mycroft snorted.
So many thanks are due, as ever, to kimberlite and vilestrumpet for their eagle-eyed and patient beta and britpicking. <3
Sherlock went, unafraid but not particularly keen on getting shot for the sake of one broken-backed toff's ravings. Melville opened the door, but Sherlock stopped at the threshold. "So. What is the source of it all, Lord Moran?"
Thanks are due, as ever, to kimberlite for beta and Marnidom for Britpicking.
was his last disjointed thought.
didn't do it. Told you, I don't get my hands dirty. I ordered it done. That said, I wouldn't have minded watching. She had those big baby blues – I'd have liked to see them buuulge as she was fighting for her last breath." He widened his eyes and made a show of clawing at his throat with his hands. "Aaack!"
John clicked his tongue. "Better eat fast, then." He shovelled in a heap of pasta and got a second heap in his mouth just as a squad car pulled up, lights flashing.
Panting with effort – he was really out of shape – Henry moved round to face Sherlock and Tom and stared at them for a long minute, his mouth curved in a smile that was almost gentle. Sherlock heard Tom's increasingly agitated breathing and smelled the ammoniac tang of his fear, but forced himself to concentrate on Henry, and on stealthily moving his hand toward the paring knife, easing it up millimetre by millimetre. Henry, if he was anything like a typical stalker-cum-serial killer, and he certainly
Donovan! Sherlock almost smiled. Well, God knew that there was a dearth of competent detectives at the Met, probably in this universe as well. "She'll never be bored."
"Oh…Mary got me this coat for Christmas. Harrods, cost the earth, I take it."
"It's an injection in the knee," Sherlock replied with enormous hauteur. "I very much doubt I'm going to faint in the taxicab."
"Sherlock?"
Benedict's silence from the rear terrified Tom; surely their combined efforts would attract someone's attention. Tom tried to surge up in order to get a look at Ben – had he fainted? – but the hogtie was brutally effective, and he could scarcely move at all. He writhed in fury and terror, and managed to fall heavily to the floor, wedging himself uncomfortably in the space between the front and rear seats. His cheek scraped against the carpet. It had been recently shampooed –
Mycroft offered Lady Howe a frosty smile of his own. "Three minutes of your time only. I'm afraid it can't wait."
"Can't imagine," Tom snapped.
Benedict explained the situation as succinctly as he could, which still managed to take almost five minutes of rapid-fire delivery. "You can see to it that those records disappear or, barring that, that John doesn't suffer any consequences."
Sherlock stared stonily at Moriarty. He couldn't free himself without help. He had to manufacture some sort of pretext, create a distraction. If Seb Moran was still in the vicinity, that might pose a greater problem as Sherlock was unarmed. But there was some sort of usable metal in this room – Sherlock discerned its bright tang, overlaid by oil. If Lord Moran was still about – a possible hostage, perhaps, a human shield. It could be done. He just needed a bit of time. And if he played the game correctly, he would get exactly what he needed. "John deserved to know about Mary."
- and his lisp, even though the far more practical thing would have been to pay Cumberbatch the compliment of letting him fight his own battles. Sherlock appreciated it nonetheless as he'd been slightly off-balance, though TWH could never know that, obviously. For good measure, Sherlock gathered Tom in his arms and returned the embrace, probably as Cumberbatch would have done.
Miss Finch coughed quietly. "I'll give you a few moments of privacy before we begin the committal. If you're certain nobody else is coming…?"
"A police siren," John said, closing his eyes in resignation. "Fuck. That didn't take long."
Benedict turned and peered at him.
"I'll bet you do. Send it back. We're not keeping any of it."
"Hey, sorry to interrupt your conference, but I've got to make some room. I'm not leaving without pudding, though." He went to the urinal and unzipped, whistling a little.
John sat on the bed and glared at Mycroft. "Trapanal? Really, Mycroft?"
"That's right." Tresler closed the door and went to the walnut credenza. She picked up a pack of Gauloise Brunes and extracted one. "Cigarette?"
About Cumberbatch. From his brief observation and the stupid Wikipedia article, he'd concluded that the man wasn't entirely without a sense of adventure – hands weren't petal-soft [looked as if he'd had recent friction burns, likely from rock climbing or a zip line, one of those pointless recreational activities], body was lean and athletic, and he wasn't
"She knew she was sick, and ended it," Mary said. She took a deep swig and set the bottle down. "It was upsetting."
"Oh, yeah. Spielberg, right?" Peter gave another derisive snort. "Mr. E.T. and Indiana Jones."
"The Ahnenerbe was a pseudoscientific institution of the Nazi regime, principally dedicated to proving the superiority of the Nordic races. Heinrich Himmler was the founder and titular head and obviously a complete idiot. Some of the experiments in concentration camps can be attributed to them. Cold-water immersion and outdoor exposure to test human resistance to extreme temperatures, experimental drugs, measurement of Jewish skulls, that sort of thing."
was probably a better description for Sherlock's gait; John couldn't remember ever having to slow down so that Sherlock could keep pace with him. It was odd. Otherwise, everything was the same. They were both older, yeah – John saw pearly threads of grey scattered in Sherlock's hair, and the sight of it squeezed John's heart a little and sent his gaze toward Sherlock's bad knee. It was the lightest frosting of time considering that Sherlock seemed to have more lives than an entire family of cats, but it didn't seem possible that age would ever catch up to him. Still, his enthusiasm hadn't shifted a bit, and his eyes were as bright as ever, dancing at the prospect of an interesting case.
“All right, Sherlock. You can go now.” Mister Tyler smiles friendly.
Finally, you can enjoy a dream.
“Good”, Mister Hudson carries on talking. He picks up the list with names and reads them out loud. Every time he says a name a child says yes to let him know that they are there.  “All right,” Mister Hudson says. “Now let’s get to know each other. Who here has a pet?”
“And stay gone!” John laughs.
Sherlock finishes reading her sentence before she speaks. “It is I, Sherlock.”
“Willow, clean yourself up a little before dinner”, mummy adds.
The door opens and mummy comes out. “What is all that noise- Willow? You’re hurt! Come in, love. You too, John. Come sit over here, Willow.”
This is my drarry one-shot 'bonfire'.
"What can I do for you, do you see Marcus?
“Ah, good, you have cigarettes. Would you mind giving me one?” Jane puts her mobile away and smirks at Sherlock.
“We can’t go near the water, but if we stay here we can pick flowers without getting dirty”, Sherlock says to John.
"Thank you. Would you like some coffee?"
"Language!" Laszlo said.
Sherlock and John are walking down the cafeteria.
Sherlock is focused on her work. She solves problem after problem. Math may not be her best subject, but definitely not her worst either.
“You heard me. Get on and ride me.”
‘Stayin’ Alive’ fills the atmosphere. It is so sudden that Sherlock almost laughs, almost.
"Because you have more followers than you, you are jealous."
“But you’ve never had an actual crush”, John protests.
“Yes, mom. I’m fine”, John sighs.
“And what? Who else hurt you, Sherlock?”
Jane: ‘Saturday 8 pm the old oaktree X JM’
It's Sherlock's eyes to realize that you have a sore and grow together. They must have forgotten in the heat of the moment.
Sherlock gives mummy a kiss on her cheek. She grabs John’s hand and they run outside.
“Maybe I should just kill everyone”, Sherlock sighs.
Sudden silence.
“No girlfriends either!” Mummy is getting really angry. “Just no dating until your eighteen!”
“Maybe we can spy on someone again? That’s always funny”, Sherlock laughs at her own idea. They have spied on people before and it was always a lot of fun.
Eye with us. He loves all time low.
“You’re wasting your time braiding hair and playing with flowers”, Mycroft says.
does not matter. "I am not ashamed of the mark of my love" corner has raised a little mouth. I think that is happiness.
"Maybe we can talk about horses GMM, I love you," I'm currently trying to come up with ideas Mutter GMM.
“Maybe later”, Jane laughs. She lights a cigarette. The flame gives off a little light in the dim park, the nearest streetlight is more than fifteen feet away.
Make me my thoughts. "If the insurance. Why not find a table to eat to stay inside, do not go well?"
I don’t know what to say. Is Sherlock attracted to me? He must be, why else would he ask this? Well, you never know with Sherlock. Am I attracted to him? Yes, I am, I realize. “God yes”, I suddenly hear myself say.
“We could pick flowers?” Sherlock asks a little offended by Jean’s comment.
“Yes”, John says. She sounds excited. “I love it here.” There’s some shouting at the other end of the line.
“That was Harry. He and my mom are fighting again and he slammed the door shut”.
Anna suddenly collapsed form, but not brown. In some places. Now, in the mountains, his own name. Socks, boot room. Hannah and kissed the soft and bumpy lips.
Mummy and daddy look at her in shock.
With the cigarette in her mouth, Sherlock answers. “Hell yeah, but we still haven’t picked a book to read. Want to come over to my house after school to search for a book?”
The brunet looks away and I can see his back. More scars. Bigger and more horrible than the ones on his chest.
“Scotland Yard”, Mrs. Hudson answers. “Are you all right, dear?” She looks concerned.
Lazzlo turns around and recognizes familiar voices with a warm smile. "John?"
"Why did you fill some boxes in the lawsuit?
Mycroft’s head goes back inside and she comes outside again with a rope. She throws one end of the thick rope to Sherlock. “Tie this to something.”
To see the cream, Rhett and Rhett was approached his bed me and Andy at the helm. It shows you where to put your things in the bathroom.
Harry was wild, mumbled "help me, help," "someone, anyone!"
"Who do you see the number 20 Queen Ye tonight?" The last question is always a smile. Number 20 is what is called Lazza apartment where Mary and Cyrus live.
"This guitar is good for the bus?" Shy to ask Rhett.
John hangs up first. Sherlock listens to the peep-tone.
“I’m going to miss you when you’re gone”, John says, waking Sherlock up from her thoughts.
worn hill. She laughs. For street trees, and there, in those around them. Sun, freezing stores. Collection of a beautiful fall day on the mountain of problems and assure you, Anna. Anna, a basket of fruit on her shoulder. On the other side of the mountain is for you. Hot feeling cold in the fall with his hands. Hannah soldiers left hand to pick apples from the tree. They run until the beginning of the tree. Anna, watching her friends, most of the best.
On the table, across from John, was a plate with sausage, scrambled eggs, beans, and toast. A cup of tea sat beside the plate, steaming in the cool morning.
"Not until next Christmas, anyhow," John said. He bent to kiss Sherlock's mouth.
"Listen to you," John said, taking a menacing step forward. "Because apparently you're an entirely different person? You know, I knew the whole high-functioning sociopath thing was a fucking pile of bollocks, but I thought, hey, we've all got our fronts, who am I to try to tear yours down? But now you're, what, trying to claim dissociative identity disorder or something? It's old, Sherlock. It's boring. And you hate boring. But –" He uttered the bitterest laugh Benedict had ever heard and held both hands up. "Fine. Whatever. Let's just forget about it, yeah?" He wheeled and stalked toward the bedroom where Benedict had laid out his things.
"Have it your way." Moriarty got up and turned his chair around, then sat again, crossing his legs at the knee. "Nick's going to die in the London blast. Terrible tragedy. And when it comes out how much intel Dedalus had, there's going to be a serious inquiry. Entire governments will be blamed – the US and UK, mostly. They're such grand pals, those two great nations. I expect your big brother will take some heat. But by then it'll be too late to stop the paranoia, munching its way into the world's bloodstream like a little rogue cancer cell. Things should be at stage four within a couple of months, I'd say."
He tidied the rest of the kitchen efficiently, putting things away, sorting the groceries John had apparently bought and left on the floor. Cans and boxes, pasta, rice. More lettuce, cheese, some grapes – it wasn't much the worse for having been left out a few hours.
Unless, possibly, he was.
"Actually, I was just –"
A few
"Why's that?" Tom asked, a bit sharply. "I think she'd do fine." He gave Fiona a warm smile, probably cementing a life-long complex. "You should go, Fi. When you do, let me know and maybe I can fit in a day or two there."
Moriarty's eyes widened. "Substance? Are you having me on? I am the emperor of one of the planet's biggest communication conglomerates."
Jim got up. "I'd better go. Sorry to barge in on you like this."
He smiled. Molly had been exceptionally solicitous and sweet after the funeral, and good to Nora as well, and Nora had liked her. She'd liked Greg too, and had got amusingly blushy around him, the charming old fox.
you wear one?”
"I think I found something."
, his glare added.
Just as well nobody was looking.
"I'll wait," Sherlock said. "It shouldn't take you long to do that. Mycroft can sort out the tickets and accommodations in the meantime."
"Were you close?"
"I said, get up."
"Haven't the faintest idea," Sherlock said, trying to sound nonchalant. "I'd rather be well away before he discovers we've taken that painting, though. Hurry, John!"
"Okay. I'll send a team straightaway. Do you need help getting upstairs?"
"When's Mum back?"
"I want you to know –"
like globes, he realised – two minuscule worlds, or maybe suns. They were beautiful.
Sherlock mustered a smile and put it into his voice. "I'll be all right. Go to Mary. Make sure you're there when she wakes up."
"Don't move. I swear before God that I'm not lying to you." He was using his own voice, and something must have twigged, because John peered at him, scowling. "I know it sounds crazy, and I chose the worst possible time to tell you, and I'm so sorry, I can't tell you how sorry I am. But it's true. Three days ago I was on set in Cardiff, and at about half seven I grabbed a cable and accidentally fucking electrocuted myself –" Benedict sucked in a quick breath at the sudden question in John's eyes. "And when I woke up I was here. Not
"'Night."
"You mentioned a hoax the other day. And Richard Brook." Moriarty's voice had gone quiet, edged with molten rage. "Who's Richard Brook?"
Tom frowned. His head felt fuzzy. "Huh?"
"Good." He brought his focus back to Sherlock's face and there was that same little stab he'd felt at the racecourse, seeing Sherlock in the flesh again.
He moved to the other side of the bed and bound TWH's right wrist. His own cock pushed insistently against the fitted boxer briefs, and he felt wetness at the tip. Moving faster, he bound Tom's ankles to the rails, making the knots tight, stretching Tom's legs as far apart as he could – not the easiest task as the man appeared to be seventy-five percent leg. Fortunately it was a very large bed, and at last Tom was spread-eagled and helpless. His eyes were closed, and he was pulling in deep breaths through his nose.
, it's me. Things are really…complicated right now."
"Mm?" Sherlock opened one eye. TWH was sitting on the bed with a very grim expression. "What?"
don't say anything about this. It's –" He turned as the door opened and Tom came in.
"I ordered Chinese."
Sighing, she upended her bag. The thing had to be cleaned out, and the only way to do it was to scatter the contents and force herself to clean. She moved the post aside and noticed a large, square envelope among the circular adverts, credit card offers, and charity requests. She picked it out and held it between two fingers.
"Tea?" Guthrie repeated. "Dr Watson, tea?"
For a moment Sherlock almost felt sorry for him, thinking a date with Benedict Cumberbatch would improve matters in a marriage almost certain to fail. "This is very kind of you. I hope you don't mind if I'm here a while."
"It's not even three o'clock, John," Sherlock replied. He pulled open the middle drawer of the first cabinet and began digging. This correspondence dated back to the early eighties, what looked like the end of Moran's university years and his tentative wading into the muddy political pool. Lots of copied letters of introduction, dinner party invitations, scribbled notes from Uni chums, dutiful letters from distant relations, notices of political dos, welcome-to-the-club letters from House of Lords peers – boring, boring, boring. More political correspondence, letters of support from both Catholic and Protestant clergy, a fund-raising request from the Derry Widows Association, a charity that assisted the families of men killed in Northern Irish conflicts (IRA widows, Sherlock surmised from the tone), more personal letters. Stephen, Lord Moran, Stephen, Stephen, Stephen, Lord Moran, Dear Sir, Stephen. Not a Dear Steenie in sight.
"The world has changed in the past decade, John, even if you haven't managed to move forward. The mere existence of James Moriarty is not enough to constitute a crisis. Diplomatic initiatives worldwide in China, North Korea, Russia, and most of the Middle East are delicate at best and on the verge of utter collapse at worst. Egypt and Israel are at each other's throats once more, and the United States continues in its grand tradition of playing global police force with its usual staggering ineptitude. You can't possibly expect me to consider him a priority, particularly since he hasn't made an overt move in more than ten years."
“What?”
Benedict consulted his watch; it was nearly two (how had so much time slipped by? Well, traffic had been awful, and there had been a line at the door of Angelo's, and they'd waited forever for a table), and his stomach was demanding lunch quite plaintively. "Mm."
"Sir?"
"When did you start managing my daily schedule?" Benedict snapped. No need to act – Mycroft's lack of concern for Sherlock's safety was pretty obnoxious.
John furrowed his brow. "I guess I'd…wait, and see if I could find a trustworthy friend to get them to me piecemeal."
"You're welcome, darling. Merry Christmas. Go have a shower now, all right? Brush your teeth well."
There was a faint crashing noise like splintering glass. Sherlock picked his head up, straining to hear past the thick padded walls. A heavy thud sounded just above him. A body, falling to the floor.
"And Stephen Moran is in custody once more."
John obeyed, letting the towel drop to the floor. He climbed onto the bed and straddled Sherlock, shivering as his damp skin pressed against Sherlock's warm body. "Oh, Sherlock –"
That had been all. No time or space for more, but afterward, John had that clenched fist of anger in his chest, a weird, sick feeling as if Sherlock had….
"Mm. The murderer was creative, at least – soaked the lining of an evening gown with the stuff. Took a couple of hours to really penetrate, but death followed in short order. The victim had skin under her fingernails – not her own, I suspect. It's still out for testing, but Mycroft seems to think that she allowed herself to die."
Tom saw him and cried out again. Tears filled his already reddened eyes.
John blinked, then hastily stuffed some paper into his pocket and moved toward Sherlock, limping slightly.
logically, or at least he's capable of it now and then, otherwise he wouldn't be able to pull off all those schemes, but he plays up the mad bit. He'll try to keep you off-balance if he can. He'll have guards, snipers. He's arrogant. I thought he might bide his time longer, plan something grandiose, but…I don't know."
"Well, he used to be," Sherlock said under his breath.
Sherlock tuned out the chatter at the table and spread bone marrow over a triangle of toast. The restaurant that the RADA group had chosen, St. John, was an under-decorated place located imaginatively on St. John Street, and the vast majority of the diners appeared to be aggressively stupid and pompous City boys and their vacuous dates, but the wine wasn't bad, and the starters were intriguing.
There was that slightly weird moment at Angelo's, the pair of them chortling in the hall. It seemed ages ago, but seeing it all again….
He laid the bouquet of white roses next to the red roses on the grave, then stood back and contemplated the headstone. It was slender and graceful, delicate Art Nouveau lines cut into the pale marble, along with her name, the dates of her birth and death, and a simple Star of David.
Beyond her voice, John heard the sounds of Mary in the kitchen:  the fridge door opening and closing with a rattle of glass bottles and jars, a metal spoon against the cast-iron frying pan, a cupboard door creaking. They were comforting sounds, familiar, and prompted a peculiar sensation of anger that surprised John with its intensity. He didn't want to talk to Mary any longer. "Well, I'd better be off. Don't wait up, okay?"
"Turn it on. Now." Sherlock's face was deadly pale, his eyes wide. He had dark circles beneath them, as though he hadn't slept for weeks – odd, since Sherlock seemed to thrive on chronic insomnia.
"Mum's not going to bring the urn back with her, is she?"
"I just think it's better if  I go back. I've got to sort a few things out."
Sherlock beamed. "I'll keep my coat, thanks."
"Sorry to disappoint."
"Say again?"
"Tell him it's in connection with the death of Meredith Howe. I think he'll want to speak to me. Tell him my name."
Benedict's throat felt as if it were packed full of sand. A flurry of terrifying images whirled through his head:  South Africa, that dark road, the chaos of that night he thought would be his last. Cautiously, his eyes fixed on the gunman, he sank to his knees, his hands in the air.
But he couldn't go down that road again, endless and strewn with pitfalls as it was, providing neither shade nor rest. Last night he'd tantalised himself with thoughts of Sherlock – specifically, with thoughts of ripping off Sherlock's clothes and the two of them going at it with grinding, sweating urgency, the sort of porny groping and gasping they'd never indulged in, because there hadn't been time for exploration before everything had gone to hell. Eventually John had had to go into the loo for a quick and silent wank. Mary had been asleep, and it would have been weird and wrong to wake her for a fuck.
That was just bizarre. And Mycroft's answer had been far from satisfying. Well, fuck it, it wasn't his problem. Surely Tom had to have realised something wasn't quite right about Sherlock. He couldn't have had sex with him. Something must have twigged.
"Don't," John said softly, "move."
"Daddy?"
"It must have been a terrible blow to your family's pride when your younger brother Sebastian became caught up in republican paramilitary organisations. Still, family ties trump even patriotism at times. You arranged his disappearance, didn't you?"
"And Eamonn Reilly was a key IRA figure." John's mouth fell open, and he shook his head. "Shit."
Greg turned on the radio and heard some pop star he didn’t know mangling ‘Silent Night’ to an electronic beat. It wasn’t a patch on Band Aid, that was certain. And it wasn't the 80s anymore, but he wasn't bloody decrepit, was he?
With John.
“I know. I appreciate that you still ask me. It’s good to be, erm, wanted now and again.”
TWH reached out his hand. Sherlock was prepared to snatch his own away if Tom got gluey and patted him again, but Tom only grasped Cumberbatch's phone and drew it close. He tapped the screen a few times, then held it up to his ear. "Mark? Hi, it's Tom Hiddleston. Hi."
He didn’t finish. He didn’t have to, of course. As always, Sherlock knew.
,” he said, slowing his thrusts, which made Sherlock whine (a sound that travelled even farther than his moans) and shove his arse back, impaling himself as deep as possible on John’s cock. John muffled his own moan in Sherlock’s shoulder and growled, “
“Jesus,” John said.
They weren’t comfortable. The lace scratched him a bit around his bollocks, but, if he was perfectly honest with himself, that was part of the appeal. Every step he took, he was painfully aware of what he was wearing, feeling the lace chafe back and forth across his most sensitive skin.
“Dunno.” John presses harder and then sets his notepad aside so he can rub Sherlock’s right foot as well. His thumbs sweep down Sherlock’s arches and push into the softest bit. The most sensitive bits, too, apparently. He kneads gently and Sherlock’s legs jerk. “Just sort of…always wanted to do this, I suppose. Every time you’d put your feet up here.” He pinches Sherlock’s socks and drags the fabric away from Sherlock’s skin. “Mind if I take these off?”
“Fuck,” John gasped. He stroked his dick faster, dragging the lace up and down the thick shaft like a scratchy, awkward channel for him to fuck, thinking,
Three more thrusts and Sherlock was back to moaning, pounding his own hips again and again into John’s, and their combined movements made the whole bed shake. They’d had to move the headboard several inches from the wall and oil the hell out of the frame, so the bed didn’t bang and squeak every time they shagged, but there was no such simple fix for Sherlock’s infuriating, beautiful voice.
“Lingerie?” John finished for him. “A bit. Knickers, mostly.” He didn’t elaborate. He didn’t need to.
John kept thrusting even as he filled Sherlock’s arse with come, spurred on by the wet sounds of Sherlock’s lips sliding up and down the dildo, his thankfully (regrettably) quiet aborted moans. When John couldn’t stand the clutch of Sherlock’s hole around his softening dick any longer, he finally pulled out.
“Hm?” he said casually.
But no, it’s the affection somehow that wrecks him, as swiftly and ruthlessly as a pair of hands around his throat, leaving him dizzy and gasping, stumbling about like a newborn foal on wobbly legs.
, mostly. Their chairs are close enough, Sherlock’s legs are long enough, and stretching his limbs has always been conducive to Sherlock’s thought processes. So he rests his feet on John’s chair and might have promptly forgotten about the move, except that John responds by lifting Sherlock’s socked feet one by one and depositing them in his lap.
“What—” Sherlock’s voice falters, embarrassingly. He clears his throat. “What are you doing?”
The scalpel descended, cutting a swift line from John’s face to his toes. As Sherlock’s gaze lingered slightly on the zip of his trousers, John had a sudden urge to cover himself but resisted it.
John nipped Sherlock’s shoulder, fighting another groan.
By that point, Sherlock is already half-asleep again, his grip on his arse cheeks slackened and his mouth open, drooling on his pillow—leaving John, as always to clean up the mess.
John looks up, his eyebrows raised. “Hm?”
“If she wakes up,” John hissed, “so help me, Sherlock, the only touch you’ll get for the rest of the night is that pillow. So please—”
Without the pillow lifting his hips, putting him at an ideal angle to be fucked, Sherlock’s hole felt achingly, impossibly tight, clutching at John’s cock like it wanted to wring the come from him the way you wrung water from a towel. John couldn’t hold in a groan, which Sherlock echoed, although they both managed after a moment to stifle themselves—John by biting his bottom lip until it hurt and Sherlock by swallowing the toy until he gagged.
, but—” Another shove, even more insistent than the last and accompanied by a greedy clench of his hole that made John relent and thrust again, nice and hard like Sherlock wanted it. “Uhn! But, oh god, it’s so good. You’re so big and—uhn—John, the pillow…”
Sherlock wasn’t silent in this either, but at least the noise—a steady, sloppy slurping—wasn’t loud enough to be heard outside the bedroom. John’s dick throbbed as he pictured Sherlock’s hazy and half-lidded eyes, his lips growing wetter and pinker by the second as he sucked.
He scoots closer, reaching under the covers for Sherlock, and lays his palm on Sherlock’s arse cheek. Feels it dimple and flex as Sherlock’s hips continue their lazy pumping, then he follows the plump curve downwards until his fingertips meet Sherlock’s knuckles. Sherlock slips his own fingers free immediately, allowing John’s to take their place.
When John slowed again, Sherlock let out a protesting wail that made John both grimace and preen. He reached around and covered Sherlock’s mouth with his palm.
Then, with a growl, Sherlock shoved the back of the knickers to one side and dove in, eating John out like he’d been starved for weeks. Because there was only so much give in the fabric and elastic, he fairly strangled John’s balls in the process, but it hardly mattered. Not when Sherlock was rumbling happily, practically purring like a cat amidst the wet lapping sounds as his clever mouth coaxed John’s arsehole into loosening, stretching around the tip of Sherlock’s tongue.
A lick that John heard more than felt, that soft wet sound of Sherlock’s mouth opening, his tongue stretching. John squeezed his dick harder.
“You liked it,” said Sherlock. When he glanced back to John’s face, he looked disappointed, his brows drawn and his bottom lip plumped in a pout. “You never told me.”
Immediately, Sherlock rolled over, reaching for John. The toy was still in his mouth, albeit only the first inch or so, and his face was red and drenched with spit.
“Ridiculous,” said Sherlock, vehemently. “A simple misplaced sample of
A brief pause—John removing his fingers long enough to shove them into his mouth and drool on them, soaking them with saliva, and then he slots them back into Sherlock’s hole. Sherlock whines at the loss and wails at being filled again. John grants him a long moment to savour the sensation, to roll his hips with renewed urgency as John’s fingers slide easily in and out of his hole.
, John realised a fraction of a second before Sherlock’s big hands were bracketing John’s hips, his thumbs tracing the lace along John’s arse cheeks. His touch was a little cold, and light enough to tickle.
,” Sherlock groans, his back arching, nudging his cock into John’s hip.
Then, while Sherlock is blinking, startled, John proceeds to touch them. A slow, mindless stroking along the dorsum of Sherlock’s left foot followed by a delicate press of his thumb into Sherlock’s sole. Meanwhile, he scarcely shifts his attention from the pad of paper he’s been scrutinising for the last ten minutes, the one filled with his notes on their most recent case. As though he’s doing nothing remarkable, nothing he hasn’t done hundreds of times before.
With the gag came an even more vicelike squeeze of Sherlock’s arse around John’s cock, and seconds later they were fucking again, harder than before. Their bodies slapped together, John pounding into Sherlock just this side of rough. The urge to cry out was maddening, but he managed to stave it off, breathing heavily through his nose, and although Sherlock occasionally let out a soft moan, he quickly muffled it, replaced it with a soft sucking noise and another clench of his arse.
After Sherlock stood, smoothing the knickers and shirt tail back in place, he draped himself along John’s back. His arms wrapped around John’s waist, squeezing and lifting, encouraging John onto his tiptoes until the bulge in his own trousers was nestled against John’s arse.
“You don’t still have any of it,” Sherlock said. A statement, not a question. Of course. These days especially, John couldn’t bring even a new pen into the flat without Sherlock knowing about it.
So, although it killed him to, John tried very, very hard to shut Sherlock up.
It started with an absent-minded comment. On a case, Sherlock’s mind going a mile a minute and John, as always, trying to keep up, verbally throwing out any little thought in hopes of helping as Sherlock claimed that he sometimes did. Then, the silence when John tossed out something maybe a touch too revealing. The soft sigh of Sherlock’s dressing gown in the air as he spun round and fixed John with a stare as sharp as a scalpel.
“Greedy,” John growls. “Your greedy hole and your greedy cock. You need everything we give you. You’ll probably come in me before we’ve even finished, and then you’ll be getting fucked with two cocks because your needy, slutty little arse—”
The words, the image, gave John a moment of pause, but then he moved. When he hefted himself up, his cock slipping free, Sherlock whined unhappily but moved as well, clasping the pillow under him and tossing it to the floor. John allowed himself a second to mourn the loss, the idea of Sherlock’s prick grinding against the pillow until he came all over it, before he reached for the bedside table drawer and grabbed the first dildo he found. It was realistic, caramel-coloured, not the biggest they owned but not small either.
Still, he shrugged. “Didn’t realise you’d want to know.”
“And what would two of me do to you?”
Sherlock sniffed. “Of course. Different…” He shook his head slowly from side to side, smearing saliva on John’s neck. “Purposes…motivations…something.” He waved one hand vaguely towards where the toy had tumbled off the bed. “You can, mm, use that again.”
He’s smiling, though, as he stretches to kiss Sherlock’s nape. Sherlock’s curls tickle his nose, and somehow that makes him smile wider. “Lazy bastard,” he murmurs. “Good night, love.”
Another movement that John knows well. With one final tug, he abandons Sherlock’s hair, spits into his palm, and closes his fingers around Sherlock’s dick. It’s not terribly comfortable, stroking Sherlock’s cock while he keeps Sherlock’s hole filled, but it’s bearable. And it won’t last much longer, anyway.
John swallowed. “You could just budge the back down a bit. Put it back when you’re done.”
It wasn’t comfortable. The knickers irritated his swollen prick just as much as his balls, and in minutes he was tender and raw—which, in its own way, was even better than if he’d been bare. He felt used, naughty, the worst sort of dirty: reduced to chafing himself to get off while Sherlock tried his damnedest to tongue-fuck him through a layer of lace.
Sherlock’s eyes squeezed shut, his head tipped back, and he crammed the dildo into his mouth—his throat muscles visibly rippling around its length—and came with nothing more than a sharp inhale and a wet slurp.
,” said John.
Then Sherlock gave a pointed little wiggle of his arse, emphasising how plump and perfect and ripe it was, and John crawled obediently back to his position between Sherlock’s legs, took his prick in hand, and slid into Sherlock’s hot, slick arse.
John blinked. Cast his mind back to the early days of their relationship, the hours spent in Sherlock’s (now very much
Another surprise then: Sherlock nipped gently at the fleshiest bit of John’s left cheek and took the edge of the knickers between his teeth, tugged, and let go. He moaned at the snap of the elastic against John’s skin, and did it again.
, John thought, shuddering.
John bought one pair to start, from a specialty shop in Soho. They were navy blue and lace—a style called
Instead, he closes his eyes and thinks about the John Watson who once said to him, “I always hear ‘punch me in the face’ when you’re speaking,” but evidently harboured secret fantasies of putting Sherlock’s bare feet in his lap and touching them. The John Watson who dislikes so much as offering his hand for a polite handshake but kisses Sherlock’s hair every morning at breakfast, caresses the small of Sherlock’s back in public, and fairly glows with pleasure those lazy Sunday mornings when he’s curled up with Sherlock in bed, Rosie wide awake but nestled between them, the three of them a loving and affectionate family unit more suited for wholesome American television programmes than reality.
“Please,” Sherlock says, which makes John’s cock throb. For all that Sherlock claims to abhor begging, he does it so well.
He stood near the sink, facing the cupboards, and switched between pretending to do the washing-up and pretending to start making tea until he heard Sherlock’s heavy shoes on the stairs. The flat door opened and shut.
“Yes?” Sherlock asked. But already he was undoing his trousers, taking out his cock.
) bed fucking in every way possible, learning each other, John drawing confession after confession from Sherlock’s brilliant mouth about past experiences, desires, fantasies. Even if John hadn’t meant anything by withholding some of his own, he supposed Sherlock probably had a right to his disappointment.
Sherlock comes then, and John shuts up immediately so he can listen to Sherlock’s soft sobbing wails as he thrusts between John’s grip and fingers with neither grace nor modesty, so far from the man who still turns his coat collar up to look cool and ducks his head in public so no one can see him smile.
, more than a week ago, and now Molly’s barred me from—”
"I graduated top in my class, you know. Maybe you want to leave now?" She smiled and turned a bit more towards him.
It wasn't Sherlock. It wasn't even coded or disguised. John even recognised the name. His first urge was to just delete the message. How could he reopen the business without Sherlock? Without Sherlock, there was no business. There was nothing. Maybe he should tell Williams that; in fact, how dare he assume John could just pick it up? He clicked the reply button, his fingers hovering over the keys. But he couldn’t do it.
John shifted so we could lean over on Sherlock more comfortably.
John let his knees fall open even more as he groaned softly, feeling every inch of Sherlock as he was filled. His hands held Sherlock's arms, squeezing lightly.
"Fine, but every single day? Is that really necessary?" Sherlock asked.
“Why are you in your dressing gown?” she asked.
"Busy, but the time passed quickly. Was it really awful?" He asked.
"I haven't told him anything about you. You're making a good show right now."
John nodded. "We can't pretend it hasn't happened."
"Thank you," Sherlock said. "I hope it all works for her," he repeated unnecessarily.
When John finally got his drink he took a sip before turning toward the man staring at him. He glanced just for a moment before wandering off again to his spot near the front. He was about to take another sip again when someone spoke to him.
Sherlock was staring at the clock. John hadn’t said what time this was all happening, and he couldn’t remember any details about the woman’s work schedule. Had John told him those and he’d been too distracted by these strange emotions to remember? He picked up his phone, wishing he could text but not wanting to risk anything. He didn’t even feel like he could call Lestrade again. His stomach felt sick. From now on, they should always work on cases together. In fact, in the future, they should always be together all the time so that Sherlock never had to experience this feeling again.
“See? Everything you do is good.”
He hit Send and set the phone on the table next to him. He grabbed his mug and headed into the kitchen.
"All right, good," Sherlock said. He went downstairs and looked around the sitting room. It seemed unusual now, the flat felt different even though there was nothing different down here. He realised he'd left his mug upstairs so he found another one and put the kettle on. He went into the bathroom while he waited for it to boil. He considered taking a shower, but instead just washed his face and headed back out, pouring himself a cup of tea which he took to the sofa. It seemed awkward and quiet again, so he turned on the television to the news.
“I was hoping you could help,” Sherlock said.
“Of course, that’s what it meant,” Sherlock said. “You’ve met me -- in general I do not like being around anyone. But I want to be around you -- all the time. I want all your attention.” He took another sip of wine. “And your affection. I like it. I want that all the time. I know my reputation, John, but time, attention, and affection -- surely it’s obvious feelings are motivating those desires.”
Sherlock slipped his arm through John’s and they began walking out of the cemetery.
John glanced over. "I haven't solved anything," he said.
John finished up and went to his room to get dressed for his date. He put his wallet in his back pocket and grabbed his jacket before coming down again.
John shrugged. "That doesn’t matter,” he said. “Maybe we could go somewhere for a couple days. Just do something normal.”
“I’ve noticed,” Sherlock said. “Anything else you can think of?”
John nodded. "Maybe I'll drag my chair over to be comfortable if it's going to take a while."
"Sherlock, it’s okay to sleep and rest," John said.
"Do we like this person?" John asked.
Sherlock turned. He could barely make out the roof of the cabin through the trees. “Don’t eat all our food in the first hour,” he teased.
"I'm sorry," John said immediately. "Did I hurt you? Do you want to stop?"
Sherlock really hadn’t thought all that much about this silly game after being distracted by Lestrade’s request, but it now kind of seemed important to him. He knew John would need lunch soon and Sherlock didn’t want that to disrupt this non-plan of his, so he made them two sandwiches and set them on plates on the table. He put the kettle on and while he waited for it, he dug out some candlesticks and put those on the table as well.
Sherlock got John some water and set it on the table. He sat down and waited for John to join him.
Sherlock smiled. “Fascinating or amazing? Yesterday you said amazing,” he said.
“I hope so, John,” Sherlock said. “I don’t know what I’m doing . . . as a flatmate, I mean,” he added with a smile. He leaned in and kissed John’s mouth. Memories of Molly’s wedding came back and the kiss grew with urgency.
"Yes, let's go."
John took his stuff. "Um..." He stepped forward and hugged Sherlock a bit awkwardly. "I'm glad you caught me. See you tomorrow," he said, turning to leave quickly.
John nodded. "Come closer, though. It'll be warmer," he smiled.
"Oh yeah right, let me just jot that down so I don't forget such an important clue," John teased, miming writing a note.
John pulled off of Sherlock's cock and pushed in another finger. Then he shifted to sit up, reaching for the box of condoms in the drawer. Sherlock’s hand immediately went to his own wet cock, stroking it as he watched John roll on the condom. John poured a bit more lube and lined up. He looked up at him again and pushed in slowly, groaning softly.
"I've tidied up and added . . . something special, I guess," Sherlock said, stepping back to reveal the flat. "Would you like tea or maybe a glass of wine?" he asked as he moved to the kitchen.
Sherlock thought for a moment. Telling him his brother was actually the one who’d found it ignored the fact that Sherlock was the one who’d realised international theft had been an option. “I figured it out,” he said instead. “I don’t need luck.”
“You can have the big bed in the my parents’ room, if you want, and there are two beds in the one I’m sleeping in. You can sleep wherever you want.” He set his mug down. “I just wanted you to be comfortable since you helped me,” he added quietly. “It’s all right if you want to lie down here.”
Mrs. Hudson smiled. "He can handle it -- he runs a whole country, after all."
Eventually, he got himself up from the bed to go into the bathroom. He definitely felt better today -- his body still felt a bit fragile, but he felt confident moving around now. He washed his face and brushed his teeth and then went back to the bed. He tried to go into his head to concentrate on finding the memory of the accident.
Sherlock was still in the hotel a week later, which is not what he wanted but better than being elsewhere. He was watching John’s posts -- feeling a mixture of excitement and sadness each time a new one appeared. The cases weren’t all that interesting, but if he closed his eyes, he could picture John working on them and that smile that came over his face when he figured something out. Sherlock missed seeing that smile.
“I know,” John repeated.
“So you can live out your Army fantasy?” Sherlock asked and threw a piece of popcorn at him.
Sherlock made a face at John as they moved to leave.
John was pleased when he saw the message. He’d been working on other cases, but had still wondered what had happened to the client.
"Yes, of course."
"Okay. We can talk about everything we've missed," John suggested. "If you want."
John glanced at the chair and then moved to sit down. "Just a few minutes," he said.
"You can't keep evidence -- you'll be in trouble," he said. "You could call them and examine it at the station with them."
When they arrived at the clinic, John couldn't help being impressed with the place. They walked in and gave Sherlock's last name. Things moved pretty quickly after that. Harry filled out paperwork while they explained some of their processes, therapy and class schedules, and rules for staying. Then they were taken to her room while being given a quick tour.
Harry stared at him for a long moment. "Don't tell John."
John stood up and followed him, his mouth tilted up in a half smile. "I don't think you're very focused on the case."
Sherlock stepped back and headed in, leaving the door open for John to follow. He was smiling out of sight. John closed the door and followed him up to his flat.
"I doubt I was ever that quiet."
"Right, get out of my car. You stink," Donovan said, rolling up to 221B. "Did you roll in dog shit or something?"
Sherlock closed his eyes. Phase Two, he supposed, a beating of some kind. He was mildly surprised that Moriarty hadn't attempted to duplicate the Serbian dungeon setup, not that this was a vast improvement. He felt a whisper of movement along his back and opened his eyes, trying to twist his neck enough to look over his shoulder.
Sherlock paused and examined Mycroft carefully. He had half a mind to say that he'd seen John, but John's name never inspired kindness lately – or what passed for kindness with Mycroft, at least. They hadn't discussed the rift beyond a passing mention; Mycroft had simply shrugged and said he seemed to recall telling Sherlock that it wouldn't last, and Sherlock hadn't shoved Mycroft's head against the wall as he'd probably deserved, even if he had been right.
that, thanks. Angle the screen toward me.
"Fine. Give me fifteen minutes."
"Oh, God, no! You're one of the sweetest men I've ever dated. It's not me, it's – sorry, no. It's not
John beamed. "I'm glad." If all this was more than a little weird, it was also fantastic, in its way. It wasn't as if he wasn't aware that he missed Sherlock's presence in his life – he'd merely pushed it to the back of his mind – but having him at their dinner table, chatting, convivial, relatively at ease, filled him with simultaneous gratitude and regret. Sherlock's absence, their rift, had created an unhealed wound far worse than the time he'd spent thinking Sherlock was dead. At least then he'd made an attempt to move on. The past few years had festered, embittering him, making him small and mean. He wished he had the opportunity to make a different choice, but lacking that, at least he could try to make up for lost time.
Outside, a helicopter waited, its blades furiously churning the air. The Under-Secretary was already sitting inside. Jim took his time, noting the sun in the sky – late morning – and the location – oh, God! – Scotland, going by the terrain. Two hours to get back home. Well, at least they weren't driving.
"Hang on just a minute," Tresler said. She got back on her feet, wheezing, and made her way out of the room. Sherlock heard her rummaging around in a wardrobe.
Mycroft had breakfasted late at the club – a very satisfactory breakfast, an
The cemetery was deserted but for a few birds timidly chirping the last of their morning songs in the trees, black-branched and budded with pale green. A snatch of melody caromed in his head, an Irish tune, of all things, about a man visiting his dead love's grave – a sentimental bit of drivel.
"Mm. Too tired."
"Oh God."
"Good." Sherlock turned back to his meal, picking up another piece of chicken and inserting it between his lips. He chewed and drank cold tea, reading the menu that had been stapled to the bag. "So am I," he murmured.
"Yeah, left my phone. Do you mind…?"
"Yes. Does that bother you?"
"Yes you do."
So here he was, trapped in a cottage in Sussex with a stranger occupying his flatmate's body, a scenario out of some bad science fiction film, while his idiot fucking flatmate, with whom he was hopelessly, helplessly in love, was apparently trapped in some other world with an actor's boyfriend, and there was the added complication of crazy fucking Jim Moriarty out to get them both. Truth was fucking stranger than fiction.
Tom picked up his pace. He remembered the paparazzi shots of them coming from lunch together. The photos had been totally innocuous; they hadn't been standing close together, there were no glances of complicity, no public displays of affection, but the knowledge that they'd been watched, staked out even, had been beyond unsettling. Benedict had insisted on takeaway the next few weeks, and Tom had taken to looking over his shoulder for telephoto lens flashes. He didn't mind the fans – Benedict did, sometimes, because they'd become a bit nuts, a few of them at least, and obviously it wasn't on to tar everyone with the same brush, but most people were respectful. The paps, on the other hand – stalking, chasing, shouting dog's abuse – yeah, it was the price of fame, but it was
"Ah, now, don't act the maggot, Mr Holmes. You know who I mean. Dr Watson."
Benedict rolled his eyes in genuine exasperation. "Oh, please. Be my guest."
"Thanks."
"Mff." Benedict pushed his face into the pillow and made a snoring sound.
"A change in hair colour's all I need, really," Moriarty said. "I admit, it's not terribly convenient to keep dying and coming back as other people. Much easier to die and disappear altogether, like Seb, or to die and come back as yourself, like you." He folded his arms. "Talking of which, let's catch up. Has it been nice having Johnny in your life again?"
The nurse patted Sherlock's shoulder. "You'll be okay. Let me know if you're getting dizzy."
"And the mobile?"
"Thought you were cross with him, Daddy," Nora piped up.
"Ah, I get it, I get it," John said. "Because he was fat, he popped to the surface like a cork, at speed."
Gingerly, Sherlock touched the goose egg on his forehead, partially covered by his hair. "And in two places, no less."
One from Moscow:
"Oh, go on, now." Mary flapped a hand at Sherlock in burlesqued modesty. "You're looking rather wonderful yourself. You haven't changed a bit." Still holding one of Sherlock's hands, she stepped back and looked him up and down. "We didn't really get to chat at your mum's funeral. I'm so sorry, Sherlock. She was lovely, truly she was. Always so kind to me."
"Swallow first, please."
He put the phone down and returned to the stock pages.
John's eyes warmed. "Yeah, of course I will. Of course."
Mycroft scowled. "Yes. I do."
The phone buzzed again. "Oh, for heaven's sake…." He picked it up and opened the text.
"Yeah, that's it."
“Sorry,” Greg muttered, although he was dead certain that his kids used worse language at school, and Clive aka Mr Muscles aka the arsehole PE teacher probably didn’t have much more than profanity in his vocabulary. Greg could hear him, clanking his weights in what used to be the study and was now a gym. Nice. “Look, we’ve been through this. There’s little to no established connection between violent video games and violent crime. I can show you loads of evidence –”
"Whatever it takes," John said.
The phone unlocked.
Unless they wouldn't be. Unless retreating was an even worse decision than moving forward.
Sherlock turned to see a shadowed figure in the doorway. Tall, a head of bumptious curls. The figure stepped into the light.
"Right, yes. No, not working on a case now, so digestion won't be an impediment. Here, hand that over." He took the bag from her and carried it in his arms.
," the Under-Secretary hissed. "Don't you realise that I'm jeopardising my career simply by standing here and talking to you? My God, I could go to prison for what I've done. I could lose everything. Everything."
"You want recognition. Adulation. You want everyone to point at you and say 'That guy, with the hair and the flappy coat? He's the smartest person I know.' You want to lord it over stupid people and bask in the light of your own brilliance."
"Go on," Benedict said softly. "Hurt one hair on his head. Try it."
The screen flashed.
She nodded and attempted another smile, but it looked like a grimace. "I will be. I'm going to run upstairs and fix my face."
"Oh, shit –"
. Open your eyes!"
"Fortunately, no."
"No. No, just…just me." God, was it a separated-at-birth thing? Had his parents lied to him for some bizarre reason, some fucked-up
Sherlock frowned. "Mycroft, every case you give me seems to concern the fate of the free world, and yet –"
John stumbled into the bedroom for the kit and came back out, switching on a lamp. "How's the head?"
It was Kandahar all over again, heat and volleys of fire and the taste of dirt in his mouth, the synaptic circuits that controlled logic and higher thinking on pause, yielding to fight-or-flight, but he could neither fight nor flee and, stunned from the second blow to his head, he was only dimly cognizant that situational awareness was on standby. Muted roaring filled his ringing ears, a crash, shouting voices:
Benedict started. "What?"
"We'll think of s –" Benedict halted.
Weetabix?"
"Oh, yes, it's all arranged." Sherlock started up the stairs, clinging to the iron handrail.
"I needed to. The situation became…er, untenable."
There was a sharp, muffled cry from the direction of the storage cellar. Sherlock pushed past piles of centuries-old junk and saw a smaller door. He tore it open and beneath the poor light of a single bulb, saw Tom lying on the floor, gagged, bound, stretched between two heavy pieces of furniture. And, thank God, unharmed.
"All right. All right." Sherlock's hand gripped Benedict's, hard enough to hurt. "He's rushing things. There's another game. He said he'd burn my heart –" The hand gripped tighter. "Burn my heart out."
Sherlock got to his feet, and Moran drew his weapon, pointing it at Sherlock. "Steady on, Mr Holmes. Nice and slow."
had paid off handsomely. He'd never seen anyone so ruthlessly calculating and competent – not that Ben wasn't fit, but that escape and rescue had been Tarantino-worthy. It was a debt Tom couldn't hope to repay, not that he would mind trying, if Benedict allowed it. Maybe after a few years had passed, he'd follow Ben's example and talk about it.
His phone rang, startling him. He pulled the phone out and didn't recognise the number. "Hello?"
Tom sagged against the doorframe. "Hi, guys. Look, it's not a great time –"
"Me. Me, me, the other me!"
"Really makes you want to seize the moment." Sherlock didn't respond. "Or not." Sherlock frowned more deeply. "Sherlock?"
And Tom. About Tom.
. "Pathetic, Jim," Sherlock sneered, yanking frantically at his bonds.
"Sorry," Sebastian said with a shrug, dropping the pen on the floor of the car. "That's the way himself wants it."
No, that was ridiculous.
"A lot," Moriarty replied solemnly. "How'd you get that bruise on your face? Was that my guys?"
Stifling a shudder, he remembered the kiss he'd given Benedict, the passionate declaration. He couldn't do that again, and all at once he wondered if he'd only summoned the courage because he'd known, on some level, that it wasn't really Sherlock he was kissing and addressing. It was a soul-shrivelling thought, but it made sense. Sherlock would have stopped John cold if he'd begun to tell him he loved him, never mind actually kissing him.
"Strenuous in what way?" Sherlock asked, slipping his trousers back on.
"Hi. You're back early, aren't you? No wonder I couldn't get hold of you." He gave her a one-armed hug and kissed her cheek.
They'd only had one Christmas together at Baker Street, he and John. Seemed ages ago now. He remembered the little drinks party they'd had, though; it had been dreadful, but John had been enthusiastic. He'd even persuaded Sherlock to play for the tiny audience.
"Gee, thanks," John retorted, and blotted his eyes. He snorted semi-hysterical laughter. "Christ."
Sherlock fitted his key in the lock. "I hope you're not planning to spend the night. The sofa's not terribly comfortable."
Tom leant over to get the phone from where he'd left it on a side table and got a strange head rush. He stood still for a moment, hunched over, and awkwardly scooped up the phone. He wobbled as he straightened, and Henry grabbed his arm. "Wow."
Benedict sighed a little. "Thank you."
She crossed the kitchen, glad the telly was turned up loudly enough to mask any creaks or groans the floor might have made beneath her weight. Pausing by the door, she watched the man engrossed in what sounded like a nature programme about deep-sea life. His face, unremarkable except for a large drooping moustache like a frontiersman's, glowed blue in the light of the television. His weapon, a behemoth of an S & W, sat on a glass-topped side table a half metre from his hand, doing him absolutely no good at all.
"Yes, he'll be fine. Could I get him a cup of tea?"
John's fists clenched. He'd beat Sherlock senseless for making Nora cry. He pushed through the curtains, ignoring Christina the over-friendly flight attendant, and stormed down the stairs. Sherlock was waiting on the tarmac, his hands clasped behind his back. "What the
"Sherlock?"
Tom drained his and set the glass down. "Sherlock…God, that's –" He shook his head. "I have to thank you for the rescue."
Gautam rose to his feet. “This has all been a terrible misunderstanding,” he said, attempting dignity. “I think you should apologise. You have obviously succumbed to the kirsch. When you wish to find me, you…you know where to find me.” He gave her a stiff nod from the neck, then snatched up his coat and marched out, closing the door with a firmer-than-necessary thud.
"No, I need to get back to the set." Sherlock unbuckled his belt and heaved forward to tap the driver on the shoulder. "Back to the set."
"Oh, dear," Sherlock said. "Won't it upset you to lose that fortune?"
This time he let it play through, only wincing a bit when Sarah made her appearance. She wasn't bad, as John's girlfriends went, though they'd parted a few weeks ago and John was seeing some other woman whose name Sherlock couldn't recall at all – difficult to get past the sprinkling of spots on her forehead and cheeks.
He was ready ahead of time, dressed in a fresh shirt, obscenely tight, a narrowly cut suit, darkest blue, and another pair of shoes; there had been four identical pairs in the closet. His hair had dried perfectly…miraculously. Stupid fictional universe. He paced nervously in front of the window, now and then picking up a book and setting it down, rifling through the papers on the desk, flipping through the music on the stand. He opened the curtains at frequent intervals, and finally saw the car pulling smoothly to the kerb and idling. Nobody emerged to ring the bell. Benedict checked his watch:  twelve on the dot. Lack of punctuality among Mycroft's staff was likely punished with exile or death.
"That's amazing."
Sherlock moved past John and put his hand out. "Back to London. If you wish."
"Sherlock, not that, that's the –" John flung the paper aside, too late. As Sherlock plugged his hot plate into the faulty socket (Mrs. Hudson had taped it over, but for some inexplicable reason Sherlock had removed the tape) there was a spark, a loud pop, and Sherlock flew backward and collapsed on the floor, dragging the hot plate down with a crash.
"What?" John asked. His face was returning to its natural colour.
John puckered his mouth. "Good lord. With strawberry jam?"
Sherlock chuckled, then sighed a little. John had probably said as much to Cumberbatch, and Cumberbatch was likely in hysterics.
"None of your goddamned business," John said. A bright red blot marred his face.
"Oh, come on, you two. Or else Johnny Boy gets a lump of lead in his thick skull."
"I'll drink to that," Sherlock muttered, and downed half his drink in a gulp.
Dr Roche nodded thoughtfully. "Okay. You can take paracetamol at the moment. No more than four grams a day if you can help it, and be sure to space it out for the sake of your tummy. I'll give you a scrip for a knee brace and some capsaicin cream as well, and we'll get you scheduled for an injection of corticosteroids." She gave him a searching look. "What's wrong?"
"No, I will." Sherlock snatched the phone and held it away.
"It's a wonder you bother with me at all." John turned and kissed Sherlock's neck. "So tell me…what else do you know how to do?"
"Don't worry, I’ll not be long. Hands up, thanks."
Sherlock sighed through his nose and gave her an artificial smile. "I'd prefer Benedict, actually."
"Would daily sit reps suffice, or would you prefer them on the quarter hour?" Sherlock inquired, but Mycroft only slammed the door in reply. "Don't forget the paracetamol!" he shouted. "Oh, never mind, we'll get some from the front desk."
"Coming!" Sherlock pounded down the stairs. Halfway down his knee twinged sharply, and he gasped.
"All right, darling. Talk later."
are you eating lunch?"
"Yeah. Sounds good." The rubbing felt glorious, but Sherlock needed a moment. He felt…oddly disconcerted. Actually unsettled. He couldn't quite pick out why, but he didn't like it at all.
"That's true," John said, and fell silent. It had been a long time since he'd dealt with truly bad news of the medical variety. Of course he saw his share of suffering among his patients, particularly the elderly, but the really rough stuff was routinely shuffled off to specialists.  He found he didn't have professional banter at his disposal. The little he knew about cephalothoracopagus twins was that the prognosis was almost invariably poor because of severe brain malformations. If she'd carried them to term, they certainly couldn't have lived more than a few weeks.
"Six weeks. I'm waiting 'til tonight to tell him." Molly's face was bright red as she busied herself with another skin scraping. "It's a surprise."
"Remember – inasmuch as you exactly resemble my brother and you share at least one personality trait, you are
"Perfect." Mary nodded in apparent satisfaction. "Looks fabulous."
"Yesterday." Molly finished her macaron and daintily brushed at a crumb on her lip. "I've got time for a cup of tea."
"Mm," Sherlock agreed. "Your father gave you the painting?"
"Oh, dear God.
"Then perhaps dear Meredith just got a taste of her own medicine."
"IDs, please, gentlemen," the guard said politely. John and Sherlock handed over their identification, and the guard waved them through the metal detector. "It's lower level, Laboratory 3B, Mr Holmes."
. It had been tempting to stay in the office, to see how long he could pull off the charade before Sherlock realised who he was. In the end, he'd opted to play it out just a bit more. They'd meet eventually. They had so much to talk about, the two of them. So much lost time to make up. So many lessons Sherlock had to learn.
"It's
"Or at least 'til she blows it on a weed-and-vodka bash when she turns eighteen," Mary laughed. She grew serious. "I didn't take it all back, though."
. Even four days without him had been terrible. With John, all this might have been an adventure, and it still
There had been that moment, after the Black Lotus debacle, when he'd knelt beside John and freed him from the ropes still tethering him to the tipped-over chair. Sarah had composed herself enough to call the police, and Sherlock had unfastened the knots and massaged the blood back into John's cold hands. John had taken a few unsteady breaths and allowed Sherlock to chafe his fingers, and for one moment, their eyes had met. And hadn't he felt…something? Some small stirring that he'd attributed to the euphoria of violence and triumph?
"Mycroft." Sherlock sat up, hampered by wires and electrodes. He was on his comfortable, sprung-in-all-the-right-places sofa. Relief flooded him, leaving him weak. He wouldn't stand quite yet. "What the hell is all this?" He sought Mycroft out and found him, standing slightly behind a group of what looked like IT administrators.
"I don't
Reminded him of John, a little.
"Hello, John."
"What? What was that IRA stuff all about, that's what!"
Had what? He wasn't sure. Didn't matter. Too much time, too many events had passed. And he'd done so well avoiding Sherlock, for the most part.
"Yeah. We're not quite that other company, but we're edging close. Or we were, anyway." Moriarty sighed.
He had to know, though. He wasn't so egotistical that he thought that the allure and magnetism of his personality had caused John to fall for him within a few days, but he didn't want something he'd done, some particular gentleness or expression of countenance to have tipped the balance in his favour, because John would likely never receive that from Sherlock if they ever made it back to their respective universes.
"James Moriarty. Drop the weapon immediately."
"We rather thought he'd be here," Henry said. "You two are an item, aren't you?"
looked just like Benedict's. "Who are you? Where'd they dig you up?"
"Fairly steady source of income, was it?" Sherlock asked.
"Isn't it. Come on, let's go." Sherlock hopped out of the car – mistake. His knee twinged painfully. "Shit."
By the time he arrived, he was sweating. Disgusted, he stripped off his jacket and slung it over his shoulder, feeling rivulets of perspiration trickling down his back. The sun beat down on his head and his skin felt uncomfortably prickly and hot. He dug in Cumberbatch's wallet but found no Oyster card – wasn't that typical, pampered moron actor – but found some cash for the fare. He squeezed on the train with a mass of people in summer clothes and vacant grins and stood near the door, turning his face away from a sea of bad perfume and body odour, glad when it was time to change trains.
Tom awoke with a jolt. Stress dream, he'd had it before, and it was always unnerving. He breathed out a sigh and felt a wet obstruction in his mouth, and remembered.
Nora peered at him curiously. "It's only eight."
Tom's head swam. He wished Henry would take the thing from his eyes. "Henry. Why."
"Walk with us, Sherlock," Mycroft said. He turned to John. "John, you'll give us a moment?"
John laughed. "Yeah, I think so."
Who cared if the fucking phone broke? He could afford a new one.
And the furtive way John had stuffed the papers into his pocket – guilty, and the way his eyes searched Sherlock's now, a bit anxious, likely hoping Sherlock hadn't seen the gesture…ah. John Watson had become a racing aficionado. Chelmsford City racecourse, in Essex, a bit out of the way and not one of the smarter courses, less likely to run into colleagues or friends. Sherlock glanced down at John's hands, new depressions and indentations, signs of stress. He'd traded one sort of gambling for another.
John looked back at Moriarty, doing his best not to be unnerved by the familiar voice issuing from that altered face. "Yeah."
"Since the late 90s," Mary said. "We were at Langley together."
"Yep." They rounded the corner onto Wricklemarsh Road. The house lay beyond the park, its peaked roof just visible over the denuded trees.  They drew closer, and Nora let out a squeal. "Mum's home!" She tugged at John's hand. "Come on, Daddy!"
"That depends," Sherlock said. "Are you planning to shoot me?"
Sherlock breathed heavily through his nose, making sounds that sounded almost if not exactly like sobs, and Mary's heart, unbidden, tied itself in a knot. Sherlock was indefatigable, steel enclosed by skin, and she couldn't bear those noises. Quickly, she reached behind his head to unbuckle the blindfold. He blinked and squinted as it came off, then tried to raise his hands to undo the gag, but there was no strength in his bluish-purple fingers.
"Oh my gosh," John whispered.
"What I can't understand," Sherlock continued, as if John hadn't spoken, "is why you insist upon staying. I've never had a flatmate who lasted longer than three months. My habits aren't tidy, save my personal hygiene, I use the kitchen as a lab, I play the violin at all hours, and I stole your good shoes to test speed of fungal growth on a pair of feet I borrowed from Molly. Sorry about that, by the way."
Not good at all.
"I am worried. I'm worried about you."
Benedict gave Tom a smile that managed to be baffled and charming at once. "Oh, you know – one of those dreams where you're completely lost and you've got to use the toilet and then out of nowhere someone offers you a plate of fish and chips, but the fish starts talking to you and asking how you'd like it cooked. That sort of thing."
Thanks are owed, as ever, to my brilliant beta/britpick team, kimberlite and vilestrumpet. <3 <3 <3
"Yeah. I'm positively famished myself." Tom's eyebrows, extraordinarily mobile, waggled up and down.
He felt slippery wood under his bare feet and curled his toes forward, ready to sprint, to get the fuck out of Ben's house and find the nearest police officer, get a neighbour to call, had he been in on everything with Henry, was it a ploy, dear Christ was Benedict with Henry right now?
"Sure." Her eyes moved back and forth between Sherlock and John as if they were playing tennis. "Gosh, it's like old times, isn't it?"
"Mm…seems so. If not, I'll use yours." Sherlock set the phone on the night table and sat up. He offered John a funny upward twist of his mouth, not quite a smile. "Having fun yet?"
John woke and checked his watch – half two – and then turned to Sherlock, still asleep, his mouth half open. He wanted to touch Sherlock's lips but didn't like to wake him and so contented himself with watching him in the half-light of the bedroom. There was a steady ticking in the back of his mind, a halfbaked desire to call Mary at once and get it over with. He tempered his desire and expectation with difficulty and told himself he had time.
He pulled her to the floor and yanked at the waist tie of her scrubs. She seized his hands, crushing them over her breasts and moaning loudly enough for him to think she was in pain. "Are you –"
"At least the old lady gave you some useful information."
A shadow appeared at the door, and it opened. There was Mary, in dark trousers and a high-collared tea-coloured blouse. She bent and clasped Nora in her arms. "Ahh, there she is! Hello, darling!" She smiled up at John. "Hi, love."
Benedict slapped Tom's thigh gently. "Who gives the orders here, darling?"
Sherlock glanced over at John. "You've been watching too many movies. I'm not saying there aren't Nazis, but they don't need the excuse of parental dogma for virulent hatred."
. Moriarty was pushing his endgame, and Benedict was in a corner. He plowed ahead, helpless, but furious and unrelenting. "And what's that? You, systematically discrediting me? Staging a theft, a kidnapping, an elaborate hoax that shows me up as a fraud? And who'll do it – you? Jim from IT? Richard Brook, perhaps?" He advanced on Moriarty, maliciously pleased that his face had gone a sickly white. "Do you imagine for one moment that I don't know you better than anyone, that I can't see through your pointless schemes?" He sneered. "Go on and play your games. They're
It was true. He hadn't felt this good in a long time.
“Okay,” Greg replied uncertainly. “Look, I’ve got to shove off. Give us a hug.”
"Mycroft –"
"Oh, fuck, I've waited
Cumberbatch took a step forward, his fists clenched. "At least I don't treat my flatmate like dirt."
That was true enough, Sherlock decided, and stepped aside. "Come in."
nasty to the poor little thing. They bite and claw at him and leave him all battered and bloody. Then the bunny's owner puts him in his own hutch away from the hares, but then realises that the holes in the wire are large enough to let snakes in. By this time, you can imagine the owner's distress. Finally, he papers over the hutch to keep the snakes out, and the bunny gets
"God, Sherlock . . . it's so good . . .you feel so good . . ."
"Because I do," Sherlock said. "Why do you have brown hair? Because you do."
Sherlock shook his head. “I’m sure you do, but not yet,” he said, now stroking John while lightly massaging his balls. He glanced up and said, “You can touch what I need from the drawer, though.” He nodded toward the nightstand. John reached over and grabbed the lube for him.
Sherlock poured some lube into his hand and began stroking John again as he leaned over him, kissing his mouth hard. His hand moved to squeeze John’s thighs and then slipped between his legs, tugging lightly on his balls and lingering over his hole. John tried to keep still, but he squirmed with pleasure. Sherlock slipped a finger inside him as his mouth moved over John’s face to his ear and then down to his neck.
John eventually got a cab and met his date. He tried to forget about the conversation with Sherlock, but his mood was sour as they went into the restaurant and sat down. It took a lot of effort to stay focused on her and the conversation they were having at the moment.
“Did I or did I not just say that this flat follows its own rules now? Routines from ‘out there’ are no longer valid. We’re a pajamas- in-the-daytime flat now, John. I think you should go change. Don’t worry – I’ll guard your drink.”
"You already have trouble sleeping. I'm not giving you any more caffeine." John went back to his computer and even shifted to try to hide Sherlock from view.
“What’s that supposed to be mean?” his mother asked.
"John," Sherlock exhaled. "Should we . . . go get on the bed?"
Sherlock moved to the doorway, cracking it open just a bit. “Yes? Who is it?” he said in a hushed tone.
“I like it, too, John,” Sherlock said. He stroked himself with one hand while he stroked John. It was strange –- he was basically masturbating in front of his friend, which is not something he ever thought he’d do. Then again, he was also doing it to John at the same time which is also something he didn’t think would happen. Then he got an idea. He scooted down the bed a little and asked, “What about if I use my mouth?”
Jim grabbed Sherlock’s arm. “Don’t be a jerk -- I’m trying to help you,” he said roughly.
“Busy sounds good,” Sherlock said. “Today here was . . . definitely not busy.” He got up. “Let’s go in and I’ll get dinner. Have we had any leads for cases?”
"Yeah? I like helping you," he said.
“I was up late doing the experiment,” Sherlock admitted. “But I cleaned up, I hope you noticed. Eventually at least.”
He set out some dark clothes and found a shovel, stashing it between the bushes beside the house. They had dinner together that night, talking about the summer and his training coming up. He was still reassuring his mum about his joining the Army. When they finished eating, he did the dishes before he went up to his room. He watched a movie on his computer while he waited for them to go to bed.
John made his way to the bookshop where the notes said the woman works, but by a stroke of luck he spotted her going into a cafe a few streets away. He went inside without a real plan. He got in line a couple people behind her. He noticed when she walked up to the counter they had her order ready -- she must come here a lot. He should add that to the notes. He ordered a tea for himself and followed her out, walking a short distance behind her. He didn't know what he was hoping for in the middle of the day. She went straight to the bookshop, waved at the girl in the front and disappeared into the back. John went inside and browsed the shelves, making his way around slowly, but she never came back out again. Next time he would intercept her at the cafe, since that seemed to be her usual routine. He made a mental note of the time, back tracking to when she was at the coffee shop so he knew what time to get started tomorrow.
"Okay," John said. "It seems really important to you," he mentioned softly.
Sherlock tried to focus on his book as John made some food and brought it into the living room, sitting down and flipping through the channels.
John stroked him, looking down to watch the movement. He licked his lips and looked up. "Can I taste you?"
"Oh, no. What was it about?"
"They set everything up in the shop and sent us on our way. You should see her with it – we got a purple glittery case for it with her name in silver. She tried to act cool about it at first, but then she was taking videos of everything, including random shots of the fridge and the car tyres. The novelty will probably wear off next week, but for now –" Mary laughed.
"So what, specifically?" Benedict demanded.
"Tom? That's your boyfriend's name?"
"Why don't you shove your brolly up your arse?"
"I'm fine –"
Sherlock blinked. "Research." Freeman was a bit quicker on the draw than he looked.
"I play Sherlock on a TV programme! I don't know how it happened, but I was on set, we'd just wrapped our scene, Andrew and I, and I – I bent to tie my shoe and lost my balance and grabbed a cable, and it was raw, so I got an electrical shock, and when I came to I was in this sort of weird white void and Sherlock was there, your brother, and he said he'd got a shock too, at least I think he did, and then he said something about a multiverse, and he didn't seem fazed at all by the fact that there was his complete bloody double sat across from him, and we only exchanged a few words but it happened again last night, and…and there was this flash, brilliant flash of light, and I woke up and I was in fucking
"Oh, you up, pal? Your friend Ben just texted you. What an utter cock he was. You're well rid of him, I'd say."
"Jesus Christ. Why do I –" John threw his hands up. "Do you honestly think I don't know what's right for my daughter?"
"Yes, it's a bit Byzantine, isn't it? Maybe whoever did it couldn't afford a hired gun. Maybe there is no horde of Nazi gold." Sherlock snickered.
A man and a woman, both in scrubs, approached the waiting area. The woman nodded briskly "Mr Holmes? I'm Shannon. Kevin here and I will be helping you through the MRI, and then Dr Majumdar will meet with you to interpret it." She turned to John. "Dr Watson, yes? You'll wait for him?"
A faint smell of sandalwood drifted to his nose from the soap. A comforting, familiar scent:  his dad's aftershave had been sandalwood and leather. Mummy had worn lilac scent. Together, they formed their own unique compound, unforgettable.
"He killed a fan of mine. A young girl."
"This time of night is better for walking. Cover of darkness, gives me a bit of space to catch my breath. You know how it is." Sherlock offered him a smile glowing with false modesty. "As you can see, he's not with me. He's probably –" Sherlock bit the inside of his cheek to avoid saying TWH was probably off sulking in a pub or some such. He didn't want to have Tetchy PA who spent Saturday nights chasing his employer defending Tom's honour. "Gone for a run."
"Good."
Tonight? Sherlock double-checked the date. Yes, tonight. Sender: TWH. Ah – Tom the secret boyfriend. And another:
"Ms Adler paid rather dearly for that little stunt of yours. Too bad, really. I thought the two of you would get along like a house on fire."
The helicopter hovered above them, bathing them in brilliant light. John heard a voice booming out, cold and commanding and blessedly familiar.
The door closed behind Sherlock, and Mary went to the coffee table and gathered up the flowers. "I think I'm going to put these in the bedroom. They smell so good."
"You see? That's exactly what I mean! You've got so dull, Sherlock. It's not like you're her father or anything." Moriarty brushed off the lapels of his suit. "Hey, I've got a question for you. Without getting indelicate, what do you think of BDSM?"
"Okay, we're
John chuckled a little uncomfortably. "Thanks." He seemed to lighten up. "I had a good time too."
"Okay, okay. I've got to shower. Eat something."
Mycroft wondered.
"I promise," Sherlock said, and John's arms went round him once more and held him.
"Right, some other time. I'll be back in two hours." Sherlock made no response. John watched him for a few seconds, then tiptoed out, leaving the door open. He dropped onto the sofa and glanced at his watch:  half eight. He took out his phone and set the alarm for ten o'clock, then snapped on the telly, switching channels and finding nothing interesting. After a few moments he settled on an old black-and-white film, then lay on the couch under the old tartan blanket and drifted off.
He twisted his wrists again.
"She's not my type."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Oh, come on, Tommy. Sit down," Henry said, wiping at his ruddy face. "We're just taking the piss."
"Yes." A woman with short, bright red hair and horn-rimmed glasses moved toward him, iPad in hand. "I'm Dr Paisley – I'm the project leader. I have some questions for you, if you'd like to take a seat on the sofa, please." Benedict went obediently to the sofa and answered a few health questions and queries about the circumstances of his accident. When Dr Paisley finished, she made a few rapid taps on her iPad and met Benedict's gaze. "We've got about ten minutes. Any questions before we get started?"
"Bullshit," Mary said over the now-loud drone of sirens. "You haven't needed to bluff in so long that you've forgotten how."
He plodded up the steps, unlocked the door, and scooped up the post. Unwilling to sit, he trudged into the bathroom, stripped, and ran a bath. He set the mail on the rack (he'd admired and emulated Benedict's bath-time reading habits – it was a bit daft, but fun) and climbed in, sighing as the warm water closed around him. He leant back for a bit, soaking, listening to the sound of occasional traffic through the open window, and then attended to the stack of mail. He sorted through it and stopped at one particular envelope.
Nora slowed her pace a bit, then stopped skipping altogether. "Daddy?"
"No, I'm fine. Thanks anyway." Jim thumped onto the sofa and sprawled comfortably. He'd changed from his suit into jeans and a t-shirt. The t-shirt was Marc Jacobs, not standard IT-guy wear, but Molly didn't know that. He patted the sofa. "Sit. How've you been?"
Mycroft's car took Sherlock to 221B. To Sherlock's surprise, Mycroft instructed the driver to wait and insisted on accompanying Sherlock upstairs. Sherlock made the laborious climb in silence, his cheeks burning at the knowledge that Mycroft was assessing him and finding him wanting.
"Hmph."
"Seemed like a nice chap," Henry said. Graham said nothing.
"You're moving."
"Daddy!" Nora's voice was higher-pitched than usual. "Guess where I'm calling you from."
She considered. "Two, three in the morning. Something like that."
"Tom and his entourage," Peter said.
"You deserve a treat," Mary said fiercely. "We both do. The stuff I took back came to more than four thousand pounds. That little lilac coat
"I really have to leave." Sherlock stepped back and dug in his pocket for a handkerchief. He cleaned up hastily, readjusted his underwear, zipped, tucked, and buttoned, and tossed the soiled handkerchief in the bin. He washed his hands in the sink, then realised that Loo was still sitting on the worktop. He walked over and held out a hand. "Down you go." She didn't move, and her mouth was open in evident surprise; apparently something was wrong. "Sorry, I think that was a mistake."
John looked away for a moment.
He heard a quiet chuckle and wondered what was so funny, but sleep claimed him before he could ask.
Sherlock wondered. His own knee was feeling just fine – only two weeks after the rugby-tackle and he was right as rain again. Stupid A&E twits, what did they know anyhow? "John," he said, a bit louder, though still inaudible over the crowds. He put his hand out, and as John clasped it, that old familiar frisson shivered through him.
Tom winced. "Yeah. I guess one consoling aspect of the whole thing is that he doesn't actually talk about fucking me, but when you stack that up against ball-sawing, fucking doesn't seem bad at all." He tried to laugh and failed.
"And the police. Lovely."
"Yes," Sherlock replied in an equally hushed voice. God, it was
"Mr Cumberbatch."
"Could be," John said. "Optic neuritis isn't uncommon after a fall like that. Inflammation can be nasty."
"Just a minute."
"All right." Sherlock tipped a wave at Nora and pivoted on his heel, attempting a casual stroll out of the churchyard whilst his knee screamed the mad scene from
“Not for lack of trying,” Sherlock said. “Though you’re busy. Obviously.”
The makeup on his face was starting to itch.
John turned to Mary. "What was that about a holiday?"
Sherlock cocked an eyebrow at him, then grinned. "Do tell. What colour is the corset?"
John chortled. "That sounds familiar." He looked round the flat again. "Not a lot's changed here. Same furniture, all that."
“Only idiots don’t have secrets,” Jim said.
John deepened the kiss, moaning as Sherlock touched him again. His own hand palmed Sherlock through his pants.
“What are you watching?” Sherlock asked, abandoning his book and chair for the sofa.
Mycroft sighed and looked over. “I’m worried about you,” he said seriously.
"I'll care for my brother how I see fit. And you are synonymous with work for him--you get him worked up. He needs rest -- as his colleague, you want his brain at its best, correct?”
Sherlock heard movement upstairs. It was probably time to exchange gifts and then eat. He looked down at the text conversation and realised he actually did wish that John had come with him.
The closer they got to the holiday, the fewer letters John wrote. There were so many tests, John was practising all the time -- there were just so many distractions. But a week before the end of term, John sat and wrote to Sherlock. He had to -- his family was going to go on a trip over Christmas and as much as John protested, they wouldn't leave him behind. He wouldn't be able to see Sherlock at all, and it felt like another nail in the coffin of their friendship. It had been so long, and he hated to think Sherlock had been right, that they wouldn't survive it. He wanted to, but it was hard. Harder than John had imagined it would be.
John grinned. "Don't give me ideas."
Mrs Hudson returned to the table. “What happened to John?” she asked. “Did you do something to him?”
“All right then,” Sherlock said. “Good night.”
“Yes,” Sherlock said, shifting a little closer. “I’m acting differently, but it really doesn’t matter.” He looked straight into John’s eyes.
“Your friend, the blogger, the doctor,” his father said. “Don’t you live together?”
"Lie," Sherlock said. He looked over at John. "Do you want to get under the covers first or what?"
"I'm not delusional," he said. "I can handle it -- you'll still have no responsibility at all."
John nodded. "I know. But the way she lashes out…" John shrugged lightly.
“Time,” she said. “You both need time. Be patient with him and with yourself.”
“We can’t leave the flat,” Sherlock said. He motioned to John that they might have a case.
"I just . . . ." he said.
“Sherlock,” Lestrade said. “We need you.”
Sherlock wrapped his arms around John, pulling him tight. He could feel that their skin was damp with sweat, their chests heaving together as they tried to catch their breath. After a few minutes, Sherlock whispered, “What trouble have you started, John Watson?”
John nodded. "I have stuff in my drawer," he offered.
“Show me,” Sherlock said, pulling on the zip. He helped John get his jeans and pants off. Sherlock’s hand immediately went to John’s cock, holding it softly as he nuzzled one of John’s thighs.
"I won't get a job. I want to spend my time with you," John said.
John put his phone down and got up to get ready for bed.
Sherlock put the cottage key on his ring and slid it into his pocket. He left, walking down to the small high street, and bought a few packets of cigarettes, some milk, all the newspapers, and a cheap phone. He smoked a cigarette on the way back, going in and making himself a cup of tea. He took it and his purchases out to the small table in the back garden.
John opened his eyes. "I'm not sleeping yet. What's weird?"
“Let me try it,” Sherlock scribbled a name on a paper. “Do I put in on my head or yours?”
"We can watch it," Sherlock said as he slipped his hand over to John's thigh and squeezed it. "If you prefer, I can just stay here, focusing on being anxious and put all other thoughts out of my mind." He moved his hand a few inches up John's thigh and squeezed again.
"Oh!" John called out, stroking until he followed Sherlock over the edge.
All he wanted to do was go to Baker Street. He just wanted to be home. Being with John would make the injuries irrelevant. John would help with everything that needed to be sorted. Hopefully.
"The questions keep going until the person guesses it correctly. Your turn went wrong because you cheated and got it before we could really start," John said.
"That was fun," Sherlock said. "But she does have a point -- why haven't you made a fire, John? You're the responsible one around here and that seems a very irresponsible decision, especially as you've been trying to get me to take my clothes off all day. Are you up to something nefarious?"
Sherlock kept his arm around John as he closed his eyes. Sleep came quickly, but it was a different kind of sleep, the deepest kind. It was the first good sleep he'd had since they'd been locked down together. When he opened his eyes again, John was there next to him. He knew something big had changed between them, but he also knew it was a good change. He lay there for a few minutes, just watching John dream.
“Do you want to pour in the last thing?” Sherlock asked. “If I’m right, it’ll turn blue and bubble but it won’t explode in your face -- I promise.” He held out the beaker to John.
John flicked a piece of chicken at Sherlock and grinned.
"You're very sexy," John said softly, his hand exploring as well.
They started walking through the woods, the sun occasionally hitting them through the trees. It was going to be a hot day. When they got to the lake, the water looked clean, with a nice blue-green colour. They took off their shoes, and Sherlock pushed the key into one of his. He peeled off his shirt and set it and John’s on top of his shoes.
“No,” Sherlock said. “I’m feeling better today.” He leaned over and turned off the lamp. “This all feels quite nice, actually,” he said.
Sherlock opened the door. “You made it,” he said, waving to the driver who was already backing out. “Come in to my lovely little prison.”
“I did. I read them and I kept them,” Sherlock said. “It was just too hard to write back and tell you . . . that I hated everything there when everything that happened to you seemed good. I didn’t want you to know that all those kids from our school were right. That you were better off without me.”
“He never showed up at the restaurant,” Lestrade said. “Where is he?”
Sherlock lifted a hand and softly stroked John's hair and then trailed his finger down his forehead to his nose. "I hear your brain," he whispered. "Try to make it quiet - concentrate on my touch instead." He still felt a little silly sometimes, saying things like that. Mainly because what he wanted to be able to do was say reassuring things to John to calm him. Unfortunately, he'd yet to master that ability. So for now, this was the best he could do.
John nodded, waving his hand a bit to let him go do what he needed to.
John shrugged. "You're the detective," he grinned.
"I have, but it's been a while," John shrugged. "Are you looking for entertainment?"
Sherlock closed his eyes and let his head tilt back a little. He hadn’t expected this to happen this  way, but he was not sorry it had. He could feel his legs tremble a little. “Stop,” he said suddenly. “Look up at me.”
“What’s the princess’s name? How come no one has names in your stories?”
"Fine," Sherlock said. He moved over to the door, put his coat on and wiggled his shoulders. "This coat feels  . . . off now somehow." He crinkled his face but gave John a smile.
Sherlock held up his hand to acknowledge her and went back upstairs to get dressed.
As soon as John’s trousers were opened, Sherlock slipped a hand inside his pants and began stroking him. His cock was hot and hard. Despite it being a while since Sherlock had felt like this, he was filled with want. He got down on his knees, pulling John’s trousers and pants with him and sucked his cock into his mouth.
"We can sleep on the floor together," John said. "I don't mind."
John nodded. "Yeah. I have to take a little detour," he said.
Then he opened up their blog. John had solved another case.
Sherlock sat himself up a bit and reached for his clothes. "My body will have to get used to this . . . despite what you’ve seen of me, I don't actually do this very often," he said.
"I'm not going to bore you with the whole 'you just have to find the right person' mantra, but I think if you find someone you really care about you make it work -- you don't give up on them. I think most people are easily frustrated and quick to give up."
John got dressed and brushed his teeth, coming back down to meet Sherlock.
"What do you mean?" John asked.
"You cooked?" John asked surprised. "You cooked for me?" He couldn't help smiling softly.
"You want me to go?”
Sherlock nodded and then looked up. “For what?” he asked.
"Right, that's why I'm still teasing you," he smiled. He grabbed his toast and saluted Sherlock with it before leaving for work. "See you later."
"Actually that's nice," Sherlock said, leaning back and closing his eyes. "I reserve the right to request this again in the future."
"No," Sherlock said. He remembered how the television used to bother him when John first moved in, but it was good today -- just having John here instead of being all on his own or with Harry and her questions. He dug out his notes and began to work.
John's breath caught in surprise, but he brought his arm up and stroked Sherlock's hair. "We'll be safe here."
“This time it was you, John,” Sherlock said. “You look proud. You should be.”
“All right, settle down,” Sherlock said. He focused on the screen. “Have you figured out what killed that guy?”
“Thanks,” he mumbled, looking down at his feet.
“Can I open the door?” she asked and then opened the door. “I need your help. Get up.”
“We’ve been getting cases,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock pressed his head against the pillow. He squeezed his eyes shut and then opened them, staring upwards at the ceiling over John’s bed. He’d never looked at it before. “Your bed’s soft,” he said stupidly.
“No,” Sherlock said. “Well, I don’t know quite what I’m doing yet. I just wanted a few days to come down from it all and then I’ll decide. You?”
“I’m supposed to trust that?”
He sat up and slid his hand behind his bed, retrieving a pack of cigarettes. His mum didn’t like the smoking; at Christmas she’d made him go outside, but he didn’t want to leave his room. He slid open his window and lit one, exhaling it into the cooler night air.
Sherlock lifted his head and quickly moved so he was lying next to John. He put one of John's hands on his head and the other on his cock and then began stroking John, steady and fast. "Let's come," he said before falling against his mouth.
The words rambled out of her quickly. John could see this was hard for her and his attitude softened a bit, though he was still grateful she didn't go into too many details in front for Sherlock. "I appreciate that, Harry, and I support this and want to help you get better," he said.
Sherlock found this band’s music even more obnoxious, as he stood at the bar trying to get a drink. When he finally got one, he scanned the crowd. He was looking for the handsome man’s face. He didn’t see it, so he shifted position to get a different angle. Still nothing. In fact the more he watched, the more he wondered if he’d even recognize the guy. Was he sure the man in his dream was the man from last night? After an hour or so, he began to wonder why this even mattered. He decided it didn’t and headed home and flopped onto the sofa.
“Stop that!” John shrieked, jumped and almost fell over his own long legs.
John gives them drinks and sits on Lucius in bed.
Do not stray from the shore for two or more days. There is nothing for me. For a moment, it does not have an adventure. Do not want the incident. I want John. I want you near me. I want to hug him.
"And you never know." Sarah blinks.
"Do you want to eat sugar?" I call John from the kitchen.
“I was talking about Seth. I like him”, John confesses. She seems angry at Sherlock for not listening.
“But daddy!”
"Do you have tea?" Lucius asks
“Okay. Thank you again”, Sherlock says. She walks out of the office. Sherlock relieved she’s not in trouble.
Sherlock can’t even answer. He pushes me back and sits on top of me and, fuck, he is sucking at my skin like it will give him the power to rule the world.
He says my love, and always was, says he was afraid too and admit it. It is said that the kiss United States changed notice that Rosie is catastrophic.
Sherlock is quiet for a moment. “There’s a girl in my class who has a crush on you, did you know that?”
John is in the garden, it "is important for stable john Sherlock to search for it. Garden of the jockey.
“He’s not.” Jane suddenly says. She had walked up to them without anyone noticing.
"Do not worry, stevie, I believe in you," Sarah said. "And you -" She says her friends are all children. "
"Hi, I'm Lestrade 501. I have heard a lot about you, Sherlock Holmes, will be."
"I'm surprised myself."
“It’s okay”, Mycroft whispers back. She passes Sherlock a note. When did she write that?
Sherlock and John came to the city. He walked along the shop windows looking at the bakery.
"True?" Andy asked.
John knock on the door. “Sherlock’s mum! Please open the door!” she knock harder.
I do not know what to say. Sherlock Have you been attracted by me? It must be, why else will it seek this thing? Well, you never know Sherlock. Am I attracted to him? Yes I know. "God, yes, I suddenly hear me.
Sherlock thinks about it for a moment. “No”, she says. She doesn’t like him that way at all. He’s just a classmate to her.
"There is nothing not shared, why?"
“Yes, you do. His name is Sander and he’s dating Philly. She gives him blowjobs behind the school during breaks”, Sherlock tells.
Screech - Owl Hedwig woke up in Barbakas' ritual in the cage with a loud scream, especially to beat their wings.
"What?" Stevie looks at him with big eyes. "Why?"
“You lost your cell?” Andy asks. He looks on the floor. “Where did you last see it?”
Mister Tyler chuckles. “Okay, Sherlock. I’m sorry if I scared you. Nothing’s wrong. The opposite actually! Your school results are outstanding and we, the school, want to give you an opportunity”, Mister Tyler explains.
See Sherlock. Spirit in the throat. As it strikes you on the one cheek to the neck 501 of the jawbone and neck of a black spot on Mycroft. "Yes," he finally says. And as Mycroft, Lestrade, he wish it or not.
Sherlock tells mummy the whole story of how they had saved Will. `
He, his mother was proud. "My children! I am glad to see you! And you John, of course. You're a member of this family."
"I love you," Harry groaned, "I love you too damn."
“Bye, Sherl”, Jean says in the most cheesy way possible. He hugs her.
“Some are from people I’ve gotten into fights with over the years, the smaller ones on my arm are from the drugs and-”
“Come. Just jump, I’ll catch you.” Mycroft smiles.
“Okay.” Miss Honey believes Sherlock and John! “Class don’t forget to hand me your paper about your book next week. The bell will ring in a minute so you can pack up and wait at the door.”
“Always remember this, Sherlock.”
Sherlock spots Jean who looks lost standing next to the bushes.
“Of course she will come back. She only went home to get food for us.” What did Jane mean? Is John coming back or not?
"Oh, it's wonderful," Ah, I'm glad you're two fighting crime. " And he gave a kick on the cheek and Jan of Sherlock nose.
“Of course! I’ll go ask my mom”.
“Aw, that hurts! Stop it! Leave us alone!” John stands up with an angry face. “I’m going to tell your mum if you don’t stop now!” She threatens.
"I came to meet my friend," Sherlock said. "This is my friend is important." While big names may not understand the concept, he also showed to John. "This is John, my friend. 'Sherlock is in my stomach, every time she called her friend John, I felt the butterflies.
Mycroft and Sherlock turn around to do what mummy told them to.
"So, she is 7 years younger than me, and I am sending my card for Valentine's Day, but they do not love me, please tell me to stop at stop" and older sister.
Mycroft raise eyebrows. "It's good for you." And now the peak gray ear and mouth. "I'm in tomorrow, I slept at all that you want to have a big meeting."
Mummy looked proudly at her children. “My boys! I’m so happy to see you here! And you too of course, John. You’re a part of this family!”
John and Sherlock are walking home after school that day.
Mrs. Hudson walks in.
And when they came to the rulers and the people, they fled from the flame. From women with a broken leg, the shout of silence.
Harry is the one to open the door. He’s wearing all black, and his black and red hair hangs in front of his face. “Sherlock, come in”, Harry says with a heavy, sad voice. Sherlock notices messy black make-up around his eyes.
“Hey, are you awake?” John whispers.
"No, I am OK."
How to play the whole Sherlock mom save. `
Sherlock holds John’s hand. The soft fabric of John’s PE clothes brushes against her hand. Her best friend’s skin feels comforting. The taller, brown haired girl is thinking about the English test, they’ll have today.
"Well, go eat afterwards," says Mama.
Sherlock: ‘Fine, I’ll come’
“No, Mister Tyler wanted to speak to me about my test results. Apparently I’m brilliant?”
“Does that matter with what I’m supposed to do about my feelings?” Sherlock wonders.
XX? What is that supposed to mean?
Sherlock hugs Jean back, but as soon as he lets go she takes a step back. “Bye.”
Jean laughs and pulls John’s ponytail.
John Coming.
A shadow falls over the two girls. “Look who we have here: a Barbie-princess and a cry baby! What are you crying about now, Willow?” A tall girl with dirty blonde hair stands in front of Sherlock. Caroline laughs. She looks behind her to her friend Jean, who laughs too. She leans forward to Sherlock a bit and says in a voice as if she’s talking to a baby: “Did you fall, Willow? Does it hurt? Aw, poor baby. Shall I get your mummy?”
John grew up in a smile and eyebrows. "You have a horse?"
"I'm counting on that," said Draco, do not hold her laughter.
There’s a silence again.
My one-shot I miss him.
Sherlock looks down. He will win the one that often. It is believed that he was always very proud of, but at the moment, looked down at his shoes, embarrassed.
In addition, a little about their lives. The artists are ambitious, they have made clothes. Interesting people.
"Fire" A pile of wood used Harry again hitting the burning fire. "Come here, Potter," Draco laughed. Harry shoots him in a hug.
“Sherlock! Look what I made for you!” John shouts while running over the playground to Sherlock. Out of breath and panting she arrives at the swings. Her long blonde hair is messy and her clothes dirty.
"I do not need to care, it is referred to as" Sherlock difficult, but nevertheless, rising from his chair. Similar sore leg. John puts his arm around the waist of Sherlock. Sherlock contact all or respond. I'm worried about how little care hurt John Sherlock.
“Do you like what you see?” I ask seductively.
"They are male or female, bisexual, who is not necessarily, but who was at the same time who committed all of his life, who he chose to use bisexual Is there? "
Sherlock his father saw him. "It is important for you, Sherlock. It is better to see you before you."
Harry set his foot. Head of Fell's basil, hit the pillar and body fell spin him around. Since the mouth is taking a pure lie to swallow, like a long sword, thin, bright, bright, poisoning will speak with the eyes of the blood
Not Sherlock experiment physical world. Our brand is beautiful. And it looks like someone has wrapped the arm around her shoulders; black and white.
My hands, I felt Sherlock. Sherlock will tell them, "I will ask you.
"It's not you," said Cyrus.
“Mummy, we’re home!” Sherlock yells. There’s no answer.
“You have school tomorrow, love”, mummy says. She gives Sherlock a kiss on her forehead.
Sherlock lies awake that night. She’s thinking. Thinking about school. She’s going to have to face Caroline again Monday. Will she be worse than normal or will she be scared of her and John? What if she tells someone that John had hurt her? Will John get in trouble? Would anyone believe her and Sherlock?
Have you laughed at yourself, "2 If this does not happen, but if you want to walk I can love you at the same time:" and he has provided.
"Remember," Anna, Alan. Given the increase of the edge.
“Can you tell me exactly what happened here?” She brushed her red hair out of her face.
John and Sherlock start walking again. The violet is still in Sherlock’s hand. With her other hand she’s holding John’s hand.
I shut my eyes and close the gap slowly. The kiss is fast but his lips are warm and soft and leave me wanting more. When I open my eyes my face is still less than an inch away from Sherlock’s. His eyes are closed and his lips are curved into a smile.
“Obviously”, Sherlock answers. “And you?”
"Mark, stop taking angles, please help us!" Lucius calls his brothers.
He dresses immediately! "His Hari, Dobby now has a bigger tinnory than he closed the doors and anger of the bed, just as he turned the door handle.
John looks down and bites her lip. She sighs and puts her head on Sherlock’s collarbone.
“I don’t want to stop holding you, Sherlock. I love you.”
My friend shrugs his shoulders. Hand together for the greater good of a bad purpose. "You have not spent a lot of time together, what you should know?"
It’s my turn to take off Sherlock’s shirt now. We sit up while making out and my hands unbutton his shirt. It comes off and let my hands wander around his bare chest. There are scars there. I break from his lips to look at my lover. His chest and shoulders are covered in scars.
“I was talking to your horse actually,” Will said awkwardly.
John spoons up some soup and tastes it. “Thank you, Sherlock.” The smaller girl smiles. “Come sit next to me”, she offers.
Sherlock slowly raises her hand. “Yes?”
“The old oak tree.” Sherlock realizes. This is the place where they used to play ‘murder’. Well, the others did, Sherlock secretly watched them play.
"I'm sorry for the light, I hope I'll make you angry or something.
"I love their potato and Juliet," Andy, I think it's a little sad to say.
Tell me, Andy cream, but bowed and walked out the door. Ready to say something like cream and turned to look at his eyes. Go back to Andy again, and he was right.
"Your face. Oh your wings ... Sherlock. Let me take you home. I'll take care of you."
Hmm Sherlock. But it will take a photo of ways to learn every day and growing. And not just wait for the day when he can stop the growth. He says that the gray as it is to know and provide a point of Mycroft mate search. Sherlock to understand. A be the point, for the people: and he was faint that no one is able not to.
Sherlock was awakened by a semi-transparent curtain, only in the morning. I not only to realize that it is worth it.
“I don’t know. I just found this path one day”, Sherlock says. They are now on the street.
“Hello, Willow! I’m in the kitchen. Come give me a kiss”, Sherlock’s mom calls. Sherlock cringes at that name, Willow. She hates it.
“Jump, Sherlock”, Mycroft encourages.
"When did I last?"
"No - what are you doing?" Water fountain, because it molds the main dirimuntque, loads great chastity and jumps back to the rear dobby on the couch and reaches Harry.
“Because you weren’t answering me and you were just staring into space”, John tells.
Stroked the hair of the software and sophisticated "ground", his neck is important to the arm. Sherlock gray horse on the nose of the shoulder.
John Sherlock was taken with him, and behind the house. Or NOR for this, he said, and emptiness, desire of his own, giving him a house, at the time of his children, to Sherlock, not necessarily be adopted. Is attached to the house at the four corners of the residents of the house, it turns the 15 in a row. That just any animal, close to the white horse for your house.
Sherlock let’s out her breath. She didn’t even realise she was holding it. “I can’t believe it. Thank you, sir. I’ll think about it and you’ll get my answer soon.”
Draco took a cold, wet Harry. It deviates to kiss. Harry closed the distance between them and brushed his lips against Draco. The blond-haired boy Harry pulled and pushed closer to their mouths.
"Let's go to the Sangha family."
“Bye, Sherlock.” John hugs her.
“What are you going to make me?” John asks curiously.
"I want you to hear John, do not be shy."
“Ugh!” John cries out. She walks away with her hands balled in fists.
"Hi, White, I'm in the kitchen, shoe a chew," Sherlock writes his mother. Sherlock turns her name, Willow. She hates him.
"I love you to Sherlock," I whisper. I started kissing her neck, Sherlock was moaning loudly. I can feel his hard cock.
"I love you, too cold," Ann, event. Kissing on the lips to emerge with a focus on weapons.
Jane’s smirks widens. “Oh, I don’t want anything from you. I was just bored.” She stands up and walks away. Sherlock watches her go. Jane always acts like she owns the world and that everyone is below her. It might be true. And she has a great ass.
"No, but it is amazing," John was simple reply.
When we met, I was 18 years old, he was 21 years old. It's a long story how I started, but very gently.
John holds on tight as Caroline tries to shake her off. “No! Give back what you stole and say sorry!”
John smiled at his boyfriend.
There’s a knock on the door. “Sherlock, are you ready to go?” It’s mummy.
Mummy waited for them outside the house. “Where have you been? It’s been hours!”
“Yes, mummy”, Sherlock says. She looks at her reflection in the mirror and nods. She’s ready.
John slowed down to see what was going on. There was a woman with a holding a knife and someone tied against a tree.
“A little bit too much information, but you did well. I can’t date him. What about that boy over there with his hair in a ponytail?” John nods to Mark who’s trying to hold all his study books in one arm, but fails. The books fall.
Rhett even gold teeth, often to clean. Bags and left his eyes and his lips moved as refugees. That's an hour or -A nya- o-me-not in a very personal way to address a refugee, we can not control. He running from something or someone, I can feel it!
“It’s okay, I forgive you”, he tries but I stop him.
John’s mouth falls open. “Really?”
Sherlock sighed annoyed. “There was no need to do that, John.”
I will not say anything, but John says it's good.
Sherlock is about to say that Jane should pick it up when Jane says: “This is the problem. The final problem: staying alive. So boring, isn’t it?” She turns the mobile off and throws it away. “All my life I’ve been searching for distractions. You were the best one and now I don’t even have you! You’re leaving and you know what? I’m not even going to miss you! Now I have to go back and play with ordinary people. Oh well. Did I make you wonder if I was going to kill you? Did I get you?”
His mother looked over him and smiled softly. “All right,” she said. “I’m just glad you have a friend.”
John's brows raised very slightly in surprise. "Oh. It was good -- really good. I'm over qualified but I hope that won't hurt my chances. I think I'm going to get it," he said.
John offered to get them a taxi, which pulled away from the kerb to head to his date’s place. He got out to walk her to her door. They shared a quick kiss, and he could tell she was pausing to give him a chance to follow her out. He politely ended the evening, thinking about the case Sherlock was working on. He realised he didn’t really know where Sherlock was with it, and that was very odd. He felt left out all of a sudden, which he hadn't felt in a long time.  Instead, he asked her out for tomorrow and walked back to the cab, which drove off again towards his own flat.
It wasn’t a client, though. It was John, and Sherlock was glad. He wouldn’t admit it, but he missed him. The messages, however, annoyed him.
"Of course. It was awful," she said, launching into details of the crime.
“We’ll take care of each other,” John said, leaning down and giving him a kiss.
Sherlock leaned down and kissed John roughly, biting his bottom lip. His thrusts matched his mouth’s urgency. “I’m almost there,” he panted, closing his eyes and letting his body fill with the tension.
John wasn’t entirely sure he was serious, but asked, “How long is this story? I don't want to sleep on the sofa another night.”
John raised his brows. "You better not have drugged me Sherlock."
Sherlock smiled and took a sip. "I'm not sure that's really true though -- you may not have directly caused an explosion, but you've enabled me to so I think that kind of counts." He thought for a moment. "I have never stolen anything from my workplace."
Sherlock let John kiss him. And then he kissed him back. The evening had taken an interesting turn.
John stroked his hair. "I want you so badly," he admitted.
“Well, look, I haven’t asked her yet or anything, but I was thinking that maybe we could go to this little place by my grandparents’ house. I think there’s a little cottage or something -- maybe we could stay there?”
“What do you want to do?”
"Hmm." John smiled and dug into his own happily, watching the fire as he ate.
"Are you leaving again?" John asked.
Sherlock rolled his eyes.
"Is it that man in the lorry that just passed?"
“It was that guy, the dark haired one,” Sherlock explained. “He’s wearing a red shirt -- red means murderer, obviously. I mean that’s lesson one of being a detective . . .” He was smiling genuinely -- this is what he’d been missing all day.
“Yes,” Sherlock said. He shifted down the bed a little. “I think I’ll sleep for a while.” His eyelids felt heavier than they had in a long time.
John put the news on low, settling into the sofa and glancing at Sherlock as he worked.
"What? Ready for what?" John asked.
“About . . . why are you hiding behind the curtain? Come out.”
"Not yet. One day he was called upon for an adventure by an evil prince, an adventure that would take him all over to different places. He was going to need a good team to help him."
"You're welcome," Sherlock mumbled. He turned his body to face John's, reaching out to hold his hand properly. "Do you see what I'm trying to say . . . how you mean so much to me? How I care about your feelings? Those things are true, John, and they really never have been before. That's why . . . we're different. You've changed my life."
“I assumed we wouldn’t see each other again -- the first time and the next time, too, if I’m honest. Most people are not interested in being around me,” Sherlock admitted.
“Admirable,” Sherlock said.
John smiled as he looked at it. "It's perfect," he said. "Anything else?"
“Hmmm . . . so which is it, John?” Sherlock asked.
John brought some toast from the kitchen and sat back down on the sofa, turning on the news. The sound changed the room, and he glanced over at Sherlock who had obviously gone away into his mind. John turned off the telly. "Fine, we are there in that world."
"What do you mean?"
Sherlock closed his eyes and listened to the film's dialogue, but then he realised he was listening to John's heart beat. Did it seem irregular? No, that was stupid. He opened his eyes. "I'm a bit nervous," he said softly and then tried to focus again on the film.
John took another photo of the pile of things he'd been compiling while waiting for a reply from Sherlock.
Sherlock was listening to the sounds of the flat, remembering. He listened as John’s footsteps neared his room, as his knuckles tapped on his door. “John,” he said quietly, not turning on the bed. “Come in.”
“School never felt like home?” his dad asked. His mother gave him a look.
He went over to his desk. Still no email from that client. He deleted the original email. He read the news and got lost online for a bit and then closed his laptop. He moved to the sink and washed up the dishes and then went into his room, lying down on his bed and trying not to think about anything.
John nodded, carding his fingers through Sherlock's hair. "Let's get some rest, okay?"
"There's tea," his mother said as he walked by. He made a grumble and went to the kitchen to pour himself a cup. She followed him. "If you want to ride with us, you'll need to be ready by nine."
"Maybe we can write letters," he said.
Sherlock noticed Mrs Hudson smiling, so he turned away from her toward the stairs. “Let’s go back up first,” he said.
John heard movement downstairs as he shifted in bed and stretched. Last night came to him immediately and his cheeks warmed again. He wondered how Sherlock was feeling. He stretched again and got out of bed, putting on pajama pants and a t-shirt. He stopped in the bathroom before making his way to the kitchen.
“I don’t think so,” Sherlock said. “I’ve got a date, don’t forget. Besides, I’m not the one who is looking -- you are.”
Sherlock woke up quite early on Christmas morning. He couldn’t hear any noises downstairs, so he stretched out and just lay there for a little while. The bed wasn’t as big as the one at home, but it was comfortable. He decided he wanted to talk to John, but before he picked up the phone, he realised  John was probably still sleeping. There wasn’t really a reason to wake him.
“Well, we’re just happy you’ve found your place,” his father said. “We weren’t worried or anything -- we’re just happy you’re happy.”
“Do you really think that?” Sherlock asked.
"Yes, I'm afraid I did," he said. "However, I won't be doing that again so you needn't worry."
“I’m in the business of meeting not nice men,” Sherlock said, nodding to thank her as he took the tea. “That’s where the money is. What would I want with a nice one?”
John laughed. "Maybe a little," he said.
"Oh, all right. Well, I'll see you in the morning then."
John peeked his eye open. "I'm listening. I don't like the sound of this cave, to be honest," he said.
“I wasn’t looking for a man,” John said.
“Well, maybe you should,” Sherlock said. He took another drink before adding, “That’s what I am saying to you.”
“What ‘normal’ stuff? What does that even mean?” Sherlock asked.
"Either way, I think I will keep my secret until I know more," he said.
"I don’t want to," he said. “There’s a risk, but the benefits are worth it.” He slouched a bit lower and sighed softly.
Eventually John dozed off. Waking up to his alarm was difficult. He got up and dragged himself downstairs to start getting ready. The first thing he was met with was a messy kitchen table. He worked around it and headed off to class.
When he got up, he replayed his interviews in his head and tried to pick out anything suspicious. In the end he chose at random. He got dressed and went out to follow the partner. Mostly he was in the office and John waited outside at a small cafe, keeping an eye on the door. When the man left, John followed. The man took a long way around to the bank where John followed but tried to keep a good distance back. Did he look nervous? John moved closer. He handed over an envelope full of cheques, joking about how well business was. It was just client money -- nothing suspicious. He must have just wanted a walk. John left feeling more frustrated than ever. That was until when he saw the assistant. She crossed the street and waited near the bank door. John crossed again and turned quickly to avoid being seen. The partner saw the assistant and tugged her into the nearby alley. John inched towards the mouth of it to listen.
Sherlock smiled. That was a bit cheeky, but he quite liked it. He decided to match it.
“Come on,” Sherlock said, shifting them so they could rid themselves of their clothes.
"I might have. But I can't tell you or you might try and steal him," John said.
“Your shed?” his mum asked. “That’s my shed that I was letting you use. But your things are still in there -- I haven’t touched any of that mess since you were in there last summer.”
Sherlock also looked at John.
"I mean . . . we're different, aren't we?" John asked.
"No, because I didn’t ask if you did," he smiled.
"John. You know you have feelings for that man. I know you do. You have to admit it. If I'm getting myself together, you should as well."
Sherlock peered around her and then took a step inside. He wanted to see this so-called man to make sure it was all on the up and up. “So, it’s sorted?” he asked as he walked into the kitchen.
“Have you done this with girls?” Sherlock asked, immediately regretting it.
"Yes," Sherlock moaned softly, closing his eyes and taking in the warm pleasure of everything that was happening. Then he opened his eyes again and looked straight at John as his stroke sped up slightly and his hips moved with John's hand. "Good?" he asked.
John blinked at him. Was he joking? Or had Sherlock really been so focused on work that he’d missed everything? "Sherlock, we're in the middle of a pandemic!"
“Help yourself,” Sherlock said, not getting up.
Sherlock looked down at their bodies moving against each other. "I've never touched you here," he said stupidly, looking up at John and smiling.
“What do you mean?”
“Good,” Sherlock said. “Is your sandwich all right? You don’t feel drowsy after eating it, do you?”
Sherlock looked at John. How was he not supposed to think about that night with John looking so incredibly handsome with his wet hair and relaxed face? How could John seem so relaxed when Sherlock felt so . . . what did he feel? He took a sip of tea and tried to speak. “Everything all right?” he asked.
“It’s fun,” she replied. She turned to John. “Let’s do something fun with the money and exclude him.”
“Good,” Sherlock said. He took a sip of tea. “So you’re entirely sure no one followed you here?”
"Oh. Did you find a case last night?"
“I guess you were,” Sherlock admitted. “Sorry if I was bad at it.”
"Well, that's very thoughtful, John. I'm sure he got you something, too."
Sherlock reached over and took a sip of Mrs Hudson’s wine. He didn’t really have anything else to say so decided not to risk saying something else wrong.
"I did like that," John said. He kissed Sherlock again, harder this time.
Sherlock sat up and slid off the bed, pulling a bag from underneath. He pulled a wooden box out. “I thought we could use this,” he said. “It’s got metal inside for protection.”
John flushed, grabbed his pants quickly to put them on. "Last night we . . . you don't remember anything?" he asked.
“I like you a lot,” she said. “You’re so smart and cute.”
John squirmed and grabbed Sherlock's arm, placing it around him instead. "Okay. Good idea," he said.
"I feel . . . good. I feel like I can believe this time it's real."
Sherlock stopped. He had a decision to make – yes, he did want to finish the experiment but if John was going straight to bed that meant he was unhappy and Sherlock did not like when John was unhappy. Of course, he hadn’t mastered how to fix it when John was unhappy, but he felt like he should try.
Sherlock stared at the message. What did that mean? He glanced out the taxi's window.
Sherlock stood up quickly and then said, “I’ll do the washing up later.” He moved into the other room and flopped onto the sofa.
"I'm not going anywhere," he promised.
“All right then,” Sherlock said. “I’m going to try it –- but if I do something wrong or you don’t like it, you should tell me, okay?” He moved further down John’s body and then leaned over. He kissed John’s stomach and could feel John’s cock pressed against his neck. He thought for a moment about what he was going to do, and then shifted position so he could lightly kiss John’s cock. He licked it up and down and around the head, tasting the wetness that was leaking out. Then he held it in his hand and sucked it into his mouth.
John leaned in. "Now you're just talking nonsense," he said.
John raised his brows and tussled his hair a bit. "Are you sure?"
“We’re adults now,” Sherlock said.
"I have them," John promised. "Do you want to? We don't have to.”
"Just today?" John asked, looking over at him.
"You've been mocking me this whole time," John said.
"I doubt it," he said, smiling wider. "What are you making?"
John shook his head. "No, but would they go to bed without checking in?"
“I have to do everything around here,” Sherlock said, pushing him away again and then standing up. He went to the kitchen and chose two boxes from the freezer. He stuck them in the oven and then went to the toilet. When the food was finished he brought them into the sitting room. “This looks quite disgusting,” he said, stirring it suspiciously with his fork.
John tilted his head a bit. "I feel pretty sure right now," he said. "I know I want to keep seeing you."
"Oh -- Sherlock, God . . . " John moaned, gripping his curls. His head fell back against the wall as he tried to keep his breath steady.
“You’re the most important person to me,” Sherlock said. “You always have been. I never really said it before I left, and I wish I had. I guess it means I loved you then and I still feel the same. I just wanted to say it now, so you know.”
"I just don't like when people assume things, that's all. It's not because it's . . . bad or anything. But you said you're married to your work and I would think it’d bothered you too that anyone would assume you'd be . . . distracted in that way." He avoided meeting Sherlock's gaze. The truth is that he had no idea what Sherlock was into when it came to anything like this.
"Hmm . . . I don't think so. What I did all day was definitely harder and I think I am going to take a nap," John  said, closing his eyes with a smug smile.
“I like it,” Sherlock said, his voice low as he watched his hand moving. He reached his other one up to stroke John’s cock as well. A noise, almost like a deep growl, escaped from his throat.
"No, it didn't scare me. I mean there's no sexiness to scare me," he corrected poorly. "It was just a dream. Drop it."
"I think it'll be good to go relax and properly heal."
John had made it all the way downstairs before remembering he’d forgotten his jacket. He had hoped it was on the hooks by the main door, but it wasn’t. He sighed and looked up, then he noticed Sherlock's coat. It would only be a few minutes -- he was just going up the street to get the newspapers. He glanced up again and grabbed Sherlock's coat.
"Somehow I've never seen it before," he said. "It's cool." He sat next to Sherlock and looked around.
“I was working,” Sherlock said, a little defensively. “I’m afraid I don’t know what Mrs Hudson is talking about . . . you want to live here?”
“What do you mean?” Sherlock asked suspiciously.
Sherlock pushed past the guy at the door and rushed over to John. He untied him and lifted him into a hug. “Thank God, you’re all right,” he said.
He pushed John on to his back and then shifted himself down the bed, straddling John’s legs. He looked down at John and smiled before leaning over to kiss him and continue stroking his cock.
John took a quick bite before calling his house.
She couldn't stop grinning from ear to ear. She showed John pictures on her phone as she told him about the trip. After a while John didn't care too much about the pictures, but he let her keep going because he had never seen her like this. When their food came she finally put her phone away and asked about him. He told her about his new job and his need for new living arrangements.
"You too," John smiled.
After a while, Sherlock said, “I’m going to email Lestrade,” even though there was no real reason to announce it.
She watched him thinking. Eventually he said, “You’re right, I suppose. But if something goes wrong, will you come pick us up straight away if I call?”
John tore his eyes from Sherlock's. "No thank you," he said. He picked up the bill as the waiter walked away.
John blinked and licked his lips. "Do you want to?" he asked.
John's cheeks flushed lightly. "Me."
“What do you mean?” John asked. “Keep going where?”
John watched them moving around the flat, packing drugs, money, and clothes. John needed a plan -- if no one showed up he needed to be ready to fight, tied to the chair or not.
“So good,” Sherlock moaned. His hips rocked with the movement of John’s hand, and it was almost hard to breath. He knew it wouldn’t be long until he did explode and the kiss became even more urgent.
“Is that why you only have time to visit me at lunch time?”
John nodded. "What is there to do, really? Besides eat. . . I'm sure I've put on at least a stone."
“He did,” Sherlock said. “He’s a very helpful man. Can I get your name, please?”
John poured the wine for both of them, smiling softly to himself as he got the table ready for their little date. "Do you want me to serve the casserole?"
He sat there for a few minutes when for some reason he found himself looking up at John’s bedroom door. And then he found himself standing outside it and then opening it. He took a step inside.
Sherlock had just checked his email to find nothing when he heard the knock. He went downstairs and pulled open the door. He hid his smile when he saw John’s face. “I knew you’d be back,” he said.
“No, I mean your man, his name was John,” Sherlock said. “I know my name.”
Sherlock smiled. It
"I think I should take her alone," he said. "That might be better."
He knew she wasn't lying. "Good," he said. He looked over at John and smiled.
“Someone we know,” Sherlock said.
She went over and gave him a little hug. “Come down for dinner this week, okay?”
Finally, Sherlock asked, “Can I sleep in here?”
John covered his mouth as he laughed harder, his hand on Sherlock's arm still as they shook with it. It felt good to be carefree, to be able to laugh freely.
John smiled and nodded, rubbing the back of his neck. "I did."
Sherlock wasted the night and next day getting himself lost in Molly’s social media. She knew a lot of men named John, but none of them was the right John. He could tell by Molly’s photos she wasn’t back in London yet, and he wasn’t sure he wanted to ask her anyway.
"We don't have any sugar," he said, dribbling in some milk and handing it to her. "There you go."
Sherlock sat quietly for a minute. “If we hadn’t bumped into each other, what would you have done once you’d finished your drink?” he asked.
“Come in, Mum,” he said, sitting up.
“Are you both all right?” she asked. “I can’t tell if I should be concerned or just annoyed.”
John watched him as he said all of this, taking a sip of his wine. "I know we're not going to be able to stop you from acting so rash, but you never know with some time. You're still not used to working with a partner. Maybe the more time we spend together the easier it'll be for you to tell me where you're going -- to wait for me."
He turned his head and saw the clock. He’d slept for hours. He got up and went downstairs to take a shower and try to at least look like he’d actually done something of value today.
"I have work still, I'm just taking my lunch," John explained.
"I see. So I should get my affairs in order?" he teased.
John bucked into his hand, pushing his boxers down and out of the way. "Oh God..." he sighed.
“He’s changed you -- you’ve changed,” Mycroft said. “Do you deny that?”
"All right," Sherlock said. He waited for John to move and then pushed himself up on the sofa, getting redressed. He stood and grabbed his bag which he dropped by the bed when he got into his room. "I'm going to get undressed," he said unnecessarily. He stripped off his clothes and quickly slid under the covers.
“I don’t eat much,” Sherlock said quickly. He realised that perhaps he’d said something that should have stayed a thought. “I meant, if we keep seeing each other,” he added, stumbling a little. “If you want to obviously.”
"Oh. We have some leftovers, but we can go out if you want."
Sherlock smiled. “Were the children’s names John and Harry?” he asked.
John flushed and shook his head. "Go upstairs. You need to sleep."
John licked his lips but didn't turn over to face him. "Why are you nervous?" he asked softly.
"Yes. I think I'll enjoy the lockdown much more if we keep doing this."
"I missed you too," he said, his eyes moving over Sherlock's slightly flushed face.
"You're quite comfortable and nice," Sherlock said.
"I didn’t ask, but if I call my mum I might be able to convince her," he said.
