“Say you love me,” Ryder said his voice like burnt sugar.
“And I know it’s not the same. You were brainwashed for like 70 years and you had no agency in your decisions. I figured it wasn’t fair to seek forgiveness, when I couldn’t forgive someone who didn’t even need forgiveness. So I don’t blame you. I blame Hydra. I am sorry for placing everything on you. That wasn’t fair of me.”
He told all of this to Natasha who softened the harshness of her expression.
“Yeah,” Tony said. “Alright now stop trying to draw out this conversation. Go get your woman.”
Fury raised a brow. “Is there a reason I shouldn’t? I though you would have been happy.”
Tony’s cheeks flushed a warm red at the praise received from both Pepper and Rhodey. The two of them knew how many countless nights went into making sure everything was going to run smoothly for the grand opening in the next two months.
“I have Ryder.”
He leaned back from Tony and swept his fingers in Tony’s precum. Tony turned his face away from him and ignored the burning in his throat to shakily answer back, “No.”
“Sure. Mind telling me exactly what I am joining you all here for?” he said toward Principal Davis, but focusing his attention on his two teenagers.
Bucky did as Tony asked and did not say anything. Instead he turned his attention to the cartoon and paid attention to the heartbeats of the two individuals resting beside him. Tony was quick to follow Miles into sleep. It was nearly two hours later, until Bucky fell asleep.
Steve swallowed a lump in his throat. “Where is he? Where are your headquarters?”
“So that’s why the tub of ice cream was halfway empty when I checked this morning?” Rhodey questioned laughing. “You let a kid persuade you into ice cream for breakfast.”
“Thought of changing my name,” Natasha sang frowning at Tony and tilting her head to the side.
“Tony…” Rhodey whispered
Thanks for all the support guys. Love hearing from you all, seeing the comments, kudos, and bookmarks. Have a great Saturday and see y'all next week :)
“Come on Tony. For a genius you should be able to answer me. What did you do wrong?”
“No…I,” Bucky dropped off pulling at his phone to look at the calendar. He pulled up the date and tilted his head back. “Fuck, I’m a horrible husband.”
Now excuse me to go sob into a corner because I really love this chapter and ughhhhh I hope you all do to.
“Exactly that is why we need someone making sure we have that guidance that I didn’t have,” Tony spat eye, breathing coming out in harsher pants. “It’s like you’re just trying not to listen. I need to fix those hearing aids for you?”
I tried continuing fluff to make up for the next chapters, but well...And thanks for all the wonderful comments! I hope to respond to them soon 'cause I'm a little behind :)
“You know they say they’ll change, but people like them never do,” she said softly.
Unfortunately, Tony’s thoughts hardly ever allowed him to say what he truly wanted to say. Instead he swallowed his first bite of soup and told Steve, “I fell asleep.”
The light coming from the lamps seemed to swirl in his vision. Miriam tossed that bottle aside and grabbed another one.
“It doesn’t matter, if it’s a minute into it. You just say the word,” Natasha said, piggybacking off of Steve’s sentiment.
Steve opened his mouth to say something…to defend himself, but Natasha’s words of just listening added with Tony’s refusal to look him in the eyes stopped him.
“Parker,” Flash hissed as he bumped into Peter.
“Christmas gift for who?”
Steve eyes lowered.
Tony curled into the embrace, sniffing. Happy continued muttering soft words to him, hand rubbing circles into his back. Tony inhaled and exhaled then motioned for Happy to help him up. Happy handed Tony a handkerchief and Tony took it gratefully.
Miles eyes widened, upon seeing his baba. He bounced up and down in Peter’s arms, hands reaching out for Tony. Peter tightened his grip on Miles just so he wouldn’t fall to the ground.
Karen leaned over and took the mug from Tony’s hands. She reached out to him and clasped her hands over his, smoothing her thumb over Tony’s wrists. She looked down once, before turning to look up at Tony and smiling brilliantly.
He woke up to two small hands pressing his cheeks together. He slowly opened his eyes to stare into Miles delighted ones. Seeing that Steve was awake, Miles went and turned to do the same to Tony. Fortunately, Steve’s reflexes were on point and he grabbed the child’s body to stop him from waking up Tony.
“And I’m sorry I’m not stronger. I’m Spiderman and I can’t…I can’t lose you. God, Uncle Tony I can’t lose you.”
So rather slowly he eased his hand out of Tony’s that had grown lax with sleep. Tony mumbled into his pillow and turned to see Steve who was standing up. His eyes immediately began to close off and Steve leant down.
Steve pulled Tony closer to him and sighed. “It’s fine.”
“I already did.”
Peter yawned and sat down on the edge of his bed. Tony followed.
“The only one I can talk to is not here,” he growled.
“Oh,” Tony said easing his hand out of Steve’s. “Guess…mhm guess that makes sense.”
He hadn’t even hesitated, when Bucky called in asking what to do with them. What to do with Cali was a whole other issue. Could he send her to the Raft, knowing full well she was one of the main reasons they were able to find Tony? But she had been there and the only reason she actually helped was on the promise of her sister being unharmed.
“And I’m going to therapy. That helps. Steve look it’s not all going to go away in a few weeks and I’m sorry if you thought that. But look I promise you that nightmare on the couch was not because of you. You just have to believe me and if you will just actually listen for a-”
“Oh, Tony. Are you cold?” Ryder questioned, situating himself near Tony. He ran his fingers alongside the flesh of Tony’s hipbone.
“Um, okay. This isn’t weird at all. You’re here right now?”
“I didn’t give it to you,” Tony sighed. “But you’re welcome.”
“Above or below putting a waterpark in the tower?”
A few minutes had passed, before Tony turned to Steve.
Steve laughed, a soothing sound in his throat before leaning further up on his elbows and pressing a quick kiss to Tony’s neck. Tony’s cheeks grew warm at the gesture, still getting used to romantic affection.
“Hey, what’s wrong? Is it something I said?” Steve inquired gently.
Tony bit on his lip and turned his eyes downward.
“I’m sorry. I don’t happen to speak Norwegian,” the man apologized, his cheeks flushing a deep red color. The woman noted it was almost rather adorable how he seemed to be truly apologetic of not knowing Norwegian, though she supposed it had to do with the fact that he was in Norway.
, he whispered to himself. His pleas went unheard.
“Oh, nothing,” Steve said not willing to lie to Harley. “But she wants you back in her room. I think we have another hour or so of visiting, so go.”
“I love you both. I don’t think I could have done any of this with you two,” Tony admitted.
Miles resisted Tony passing him off to Bucky and voice his complaints. “No.”
Ryder’s eyes widened, after a brief moment of panic seized them.
“I have to. I needed to be the one-”
“And you are,” Rhodey ensured. “It’s going to be amazing.”
Sighing, Phil tilted his head to Ryder. “You don’t have long. Nick will be here in around 45 minutes.”
He knew times were different back then, but still those were things you didn’t-
“It was marvelous. And I’m hoping for an encore performance, perhaps with more actors this time.”
“Oh, come on you’ve kept him with you hole up for far too long,” Natasha said, following Clint into the room and throwing herself down onto Tony’s bed.
No one wanted Tony to be placed in a position where he had to see Ryder again.
With Tony gone, Peter and Harley went to get their homework done early. Peter had laid out some alphabet worksheets for Miles. Miles was currently concentrating on making sure he was able to correctly copy the letter Q.
Steve wasn’t very helpful seeing as though any romantic relationship he ever tried having ended without having much been started. Clint later told him he was awful at the advice and went to call on Natasha for a woman’s advice.
“Well then quiet down your whole lost puppy look,” Sharon offered. “Who would have thought that Captain America would have a crush on Tony? Man if I could go back in time and tell little Tony that would be amazing.”
“Oh, thank goodness because you know I was wondering how long I could go without like directly asking you.”
“Miles merely loves you through association. When he gets older and sees the man that you truly are, he’s going to be so disappointed that he was adopted by you,” Ryder said finally digging the final nail in the coffin.
. And this was beautiful. For a few minutes all that Ryder did was massage his scalp and hum a song under his breath.
“And what about you? You want someone nice and clean-cut,” Steve said, pushing forward a second finger and delighting in the way Tony’s face was always so expressive with pleasure. Steve curled his finger a little higher, one hand settling on Tony’s waist to keep him in still.
“Baba can I have this?” Miles questioned stretching his short arms toward the fruit snacks. His small body tried leaning out of the shopping cart that Tony was currently pushing through the grocery store.
Tony went back to where Steve had been waiting. He walked behind him silently as he watched Steve try to shoot the moving ducks with the water gun. Steve’s mouth was tensed in concentration as he shot all of the ducks. Steve stood up proudly. The volunteer reached for a stuffed animal, but Steve stopped him.
“He can’t love you. Why not?” Pepper asked curiously.
Steve shrugged. “I just wanted to give a nice Christmas gift. I mean I know it’s not enough to make up for the past year, but it’s something nice.”
Tony never got much sleep after those ones.
His body greedily took in the air that was offered. Miriam wiped off the water from her cheek that had flown on there, when they pulled Tony back up.
Steve noticed Tony did that a lot when he was nervous. Steve imagined he was nervous for his response.
“That’s alright. You go to sleep and we’ll find you. I swear to you, we will find you soon. I love you,” Steve said.
“Such a bold statement coming from someone who doesn’t know me,” Ryder laughed. “And you’re fine with taking him away from me? The noble Captain America pursuer of goodness is content with being a home-wrecker. He loves me, why are you so intent with embarrassing yourself like this?”
Her own expression nearly matched everyone else’s.
Tony took the offered stuffed animal, “Thanks.”
He hated how soon after that he had to remodel his entire floor and nearly almost all of the main floor just to erase the footprints and hand prints Ryder had left behind. Never mind the fact that the hand prints and footprints on Tony’s body were healing as well, some only but a faint shadow on his tan skin.
“Movement is the last manifestation of your reality. It is not what you say, but what you do that confirms who you are. So your promise not to leave never mattered, once your actions belied your words.”
“Were all your dreams finally coming true because he was using your body like it was intended for? It’s probably why he gave you this bracelet like a common day prostitute. That’s probably why all your little supposed Avengers are coming back. They came back to get the final uses of their precious toy.”
Immediately, her words cut off as a ball of yarn filled glue was thrown to the back of her shirt. She shrieked and jumped.
Rhodey chuckled. “Nice to know one partner likes things planned out a little more reserved.”
Tony closed his eyes and waited for Ryder to leave. When he was gone, he surveyed his body quickly and stared at the purple patches. He spat out the pill that Ryder had fed him, which he had been hiding under his tongue. After he was done, he was drained. Ryder would at least be gone until the end of the day. If he got just a little rest without the pill and without the patches, he could maybe wake up and figure out a way out of this hellhole.
“I do,” Steve mumbled eyes widening and heart quickening.
“I have never been told of by a kid and the rejection of coloring has never stung this much.”
His eyes focused lazily on the ceiling above him. He had grown to find interest in the most minimalistic things within these four walls that housed him for however long he was under Ryder’s care…control. He would try counting every now and then, going through different schematics and even refreshed his mind on his senior dissertation he did at MIT just so his mental space wouldn’t be blocked by those four fucking walls.
Steve’s head bobbed up and down on Tony’s cock. He took a moment to look sparingly at Tony, eyes growing brighter with mischief.
Steve hummed. “It is. And I couldn’t disappoint them, but inside I was so tired. I was drained. Then we had the Avengers Initiative and you all weren’t my soldiers, weren’t my Howling Commandos. You constantly told me you all weren’t my soldiers who had to obey all my orders.”
“No, I can’t share with people who have betrayed me,” Tony teased, turning his head to the side.
“See that’s what he thinks. We all know this is just part of the plot where the main character thinks woe is me I will never fall in love again. This just means the plot is thickening,” Tony said gleefully. “And Pepper have you met any royalty while in London? Then I can have two cliché Hallmark movies! But for real I need you to find one because I doubt I’m getting invited to Harry and Meghan’s wedding…though I am still holding out for an invitation.”
“Does it fucking look like I’m on drugs? And if I am what are you going to do, report me to your little nice American sense of moral justice?” he growled. “Fuck off. Why the hell are you even in my room?”
“Yes, stay with me forever.”
“Hello? I’m here as well,” Sam said. “Steve I’d actually be helpful. Those two would more than likely suggest that your wedding colors are beige and silver.”
“We should?” Tony said as a question, but intending for it to come out as a statement.
“They just want you to be safe.”
“Yeah,” Clint said.
Pepper rolled her eyes. “As I have told Rhodey, I am going to tell you. You are not leaving until you are discharged. You still have injuries that need to heal a bit more, before you are released. Also we need to make sure whatever stuff they pumped into your system is completely gone, before sending you home.”
Tony reached forward with his hand and closed Steve’s eyes. “Sleep.”
“No one needs to tell me that. I do that all myself. I should have known something was off.  There should have been something I didn’t see. I mean how do I have spider-senses and they can’t even tell me when someone close to me is hurting,” Peter rasped.
Ryder rolled his eyes.
Tony shook his head. “I didn’t know you knew that.”
Tony choked on another sob and pushed at Cali’s hand to remove it so far from his mouth so Miles wouldn’t catch on. The little boy had good ears and would catch on within seconds.
“Really?” Clint questioned, by then letting Natasha open his juice box.
He stuttered out a breath, turning his head to the side. Thankfully, this time he didn’t carry on as much weight as he did the previous visits he had made to this site. He looked at the name and the years signifying birth and death etched in harsh lines on the gray stone.
Down.
“Yeah,” Steve agreed.
Red swollen eyes met Ryder’s. Tony turned his head and bit his lip, internally just wanting to leave. But Ryder had taken his phone, his money, and he didn’t even know where he was. Plus he couldn’t go out with his current appearance.
Natasha braved a kiss to his forehead and left Steve to his thoughts. Steve stared at the thrown Accords document and picked it up on the floor. Raising a finger, he flipped to the first page and began reading.
Steve nodded and handed his phone over to Bucky. Bucky read the text message and smiled warmly, before handing it back to Steve. Nodding to himself, he returned to cleaning his dishes.
Tony sharpened his eyes at Ryder. Ryder looked pleased with himself as he had been, during this whole conversation.
“Oh well he’s asleep right now. So maybe you can try again later?”
“Tony sweetheart listen to me. I’m going to find you, I just need you to hold on for me okay,” Steve urgently commanded, not caring anymore since Ryder knew he was on the line. “You hear me? Tony? Tony? Ryder I swear to you if you have-”
Tony shrugged his shoulders. “I’m with Ryder. He’s my boyfriend.”
“Yes, and that building that was in the middle of nowhere disappeared as soon as we found Tony. So we don’t have any physical evidence that could even use against him.”
“That’s not a no,” Tony laughed.
“Tony,” Steve said harshly, but Tony ignored him again.
Miles frowned and stuck the lollipop in his mouth. Leaning closer to Tony, he grabbed a hold of his face.
Tony pushed his plate back. “I’m so sorry. I forgot. Look I was hungry and Steve mentioned that he made spaghetti so I was just wanting to grab something. I’ve been in my lab all day and so I was hungry.”
The phone call was cut short as Tony hung up. Steve looked at his phone confused by the sudden abrupt end to their phone call. Steve sat the phone on the coffee table and figured he would just see what that was about, when Tony came back.
“Yes, we talked about this. You said you would meet my parents and spend five days with them. We already got our plane tickets. I know you tend to be forgetful about anything that isn’t SI, Avengers, or Miles, but I was hoping you remembered this,” Ryder explained. “You said that we could leave Miles with Steve.”
Tony turned his head away. “I don’t know what you want me to say.”
“Damn it,” Steve cursed loudly again. “Damn it.”
Natasha shrugged. “Yes, I suppose next I’ll dye my hair blonde.”
Luka accidentally shoved Tony too far against the wall one time, when Tony had struggled against receiving another patch and another pill. They made him feel like this. He was always tired and he was questioning everything now. He didn’t want them.
“True.”
They watched as Ryder and Tony stumbled outside of a room. Ryder looked startled at the three people in front of him and he leaned against the wall. Steve ran his eyes over Tony making sure he was physically fine.
So he figured he could make his way into the kitchen and maybe just grab a cup of coffee, before everyone started filing into the room. As quiet as he could he left Harley’s room. It was still only six a.m. in the morning, so he still had at least two hours before everyone began filtering out of their rooms.
“Ahem.”
Steve frowned and picked up Miles. “What do you mean?”
Natasha turned sharply to Ryder. “I was not addressing you. Tony are you fine?”
Without any warning Tony’s head was forced down into the warm water resting in the bathtub. His eyes opened on instinct and his body inhaled a gulp of water. He struggled against Eva’s hold and tried latching onto skin and found a piece to claw at. Then his body was springing forward outside of the water.
They didn’t usually sleep like this, since Tony was often uncomfortable with having so much steady pressure on his chest. But sometimes when Tony was going through work or even reading a book, Steve would come to bed
Tony didn’t smile, but his eyes had lost a little bit of that deep-rooted sadness. Clint smiled and let his body melt against the wall. He felt drained and all the same energized to get back his whole family a family that included Tony. Maybe he should have stopped separating his family and realized that Tony shared the same importance in his life as Laura and the kids.
“So…you know how I re-met Ryder, but I didn’t really let on how much it went to shit. I thought here’s one of my old friends from college and I had a crush on him. No one was really here with me. Pepper was handling SI and Ryder was recovering. You all were gone. And it was just me.”
Thanks again to everyone who commented, gave a kudo, and left a bookmark. You all continue to make my day :)
“No, you wanted to know so that’s that. So just stop. Stop with the whole questions and I need therapy. Because I’ve been going, but I’m not a fucking head case. And could you just imagine seeing that in the news? Headline: After providing counsel for the Tony Stark, the therapist has to go find her own therapist.”
“We’re going to stay here, for a bit longer. Come here, when he’s put to bed,” Natasha whispered the final part just for Steve’s super soldier hearing. “We have some things we need to finish.”
Steve had turned back just enough to see Ryder’s expression of self-assurance stutter and the cracks of his identity begin to burst.
“Can we just go home early?” Harley bemoaned. “Like you’re already here.”
Winston’s darkened eyes traveled to the spot where Tony and him were about to be join. By now Tony was openly begging for both of them to stop. Ryder looked on amused and Tony could feel Winston’s cock beginning to rise in interest. He closed his eyes and just resigned himself to this. Just as he felt it begin to press inside of him, the weight from Winston’s hands were gone and there was a thump on the floor.
“I’m going to kill him,” Steve growled low under his breath. “I don’t know how you feel about this, but my decision will not change. If you have problems with that I suggest you go back with Pepper and Rhodey.”
“Your mom’s leaving?” Peter interjected. “You didn’t tell me that.”
Tony looked at him, eyelashes stuck together. Steve kissed the space between his eyebrows and Tony’s eyes fell shut. Steve softly kissed the eyelids of both eyes. Tony breathed softly and opened them once more.
“Don’t you mean for children?” Peter questioned.
Bucky came into the gym, watching as Steve clumsily re-wrapped bloodied knuckles. He stood a safe distance as Steve stood back up and threw the rest of the medical wrap onto the floor. With his back turned, he hadn’t noticed the presence of Bucky in the gym. Bucky realized Steve must really be out of it for him not to take notice. For a few more minutes, Steve angrily punched at the bags growing more and more incensed. At one particular punch, the bag broke apart and crumbled to the floor.
She grabbed a towel and went to put it on his shoulders, when Tony let out a bloodcurdling scream pushing his body back.
“Got it,” he stated.
Steve followed him and quickly closed the door behind him. All of the others were in the room, in the same spots that Tony had left them. No one dared say a word, waiting to see what Tony would do next.
“No, they didn’t say thank you.”
There was a brief pause in conversation from Peter’s side.
He didn’t know. He stood up for himself, but he felt sick. He felt like vomiting and expelling whatever concoction they put in his mouth. He felt like screaming at his mind telling him he wanted Steve, but Steve wasn’t coming. It had been 52 days.
Tony easily went into the hold, turning his head to Steve’s heart, the beat lulling Tony into a sense of comfort.
Tony pulled on the hoodie. It was about a size larger than him, but Tony was definitely more fine with that then being naked. Cali looked at him and smiled sadly.
Exhale.
“Sorry. I told you to let go,” Tony bemoaned.
He knew what he wanted, but he couldn’t dare say it aloud. If he said it aloud, that would change things. He needed to remain steadfast in his decision even if it caused him physical and emotional pain. Tony deserved this much. He didn’t deserve Steve becoming some…homewrecker. Steve had suffered many blights to his image as of late, but he would not become a homewrecker.
“Steve…I…don’t know if I can…Steve,” Tony chanted, toes curling as Steve rolled his hips and pressed even deeper. “If I can hold off…I need-”
“You would tell me, if you were really Ryder, right? You wouldn’t be so cruel as to have me believe the one person that has ever loved me truly and has taught me true love and sacrifice is dead. So please,
Steve smiled feeling hope grow warm in his chest. He was already mentally going through a plan. Natasha leaned closer to Steve.
But yet he did. Because if they’re yelling at him or berating him at least they’re here. He had thought the Avengers would be the ones to stay. That after all of this mess they would make their way back to each other. But they hadn’t. He didn’t know why he expected the Avengers to be the ones who would actually stay.
“I don’t mind if the shirt gets wet, but I’m still a little cold. So do you mind just rinsing my hands?”
Steve nodded. “I think we do at least everything that was written down before we left.”
“I said to crack the door,” he whispered to himself.
“Tony’s gonna have a handful with that one,” Rhodey asserted beside her.
Steve looked down to him. “Yes.”
Without a second passing, a warm body was quickly thrown into his lap.
By the time Tony was showered and everything looked good to Pepper’s standards, they all met Happy out front to head to the bakery. Tony being so thankful that this day of meetings were over and he could go home to his kids and see Peter after being away studying for so long was going to be so nice.
like a raccoon I look
And neither would this situation.
Only the harsh pinch to his side, startled him from his thoughts.
He remembers him thrashing nearly knocking the doctor’s head. He remembered him yelling that he wasn’t going back again. Steve had only managed to pull himself away, when Natasha eased Tony’s tight grasp off of Steve’s hands.
“Yeah, Shuri’s awesome like that. She said she’ll be expecting that you’ll let her make a grand toast as a thanks. Also you did amazing Uncle Tony’s going to love this,” Peter announced, looking out at the passing cars and buildings as they now made their way to pick up Harley and Peter.
“I don’t know,” Tony whispered.
“Bullshit,” was Steve’s one worded response.
But Tony couldn’t keep sneaking into Natasha’s room and taking her make-up to cover up his visible bruises. Soon she would notice her empty containers. Speaking of…
She had a friend…well as close a friend as the Red Room would allow that hadn’t dealt well with the abuse suffered from the Red Room. And when she had found Tony sitting by himself in the bathroom, staring blankly at the wall, body curled around the toilet her mind was brought back to finding her own friend…though their states of consciousness were far different.
“Hey, we don’t have time for this. I thought we needed to make him disappear before Ryder returned. He didn’t say he was leaving for a long time,” the man stressed holding Tony’s legs tightly together.
“Of course she did,” Pepper said sending a glare toward a sheepish Rhodey.
He didn’t need Rhodey to feed him anger. He needed comfort and love. Since neither he nor Pepper could be there physically to offer that, he quickly texted Pepper to see if she still had Ryder’s number. Upon receiving a text with a phone number from Pepper, Rhodey began drafting a message to Ryder.
Everyone gave an applause, before Tony was allowed to continue his introduction.
Clint made room for Harry in their booth. Harry smiled in thanks and brought his phone up to take a selfie of all of them. Looking back at the picture, he smiled.
“Doctors still treating you well and all of that?”
Tony mumbled again and drew further into the covers. Steve left the room warm and happy knowing he had something to look forward to, once he returned.
Tony stopped the cart and pressed his hand to his heart, gasping dramatically. “Your aunt said what? I am not tiny. I am a fully grown man and I do not appreciate your aunt saying this nonsense. I’ll have you know I am at a reasonable height. Plus why does height even matter? How about we measure genius. I made my first circuit board at four. I graduated summa cum laude at MIT at 17. My IQ is-”
“Tony all you can do is listen to your heart. You know what’s good for you. If that’s seeing what Steve really means and maybe pursing things with him you do that. But know you’ll always have Pepper and me by your side. That’s never going to change.”
“He’s never going to be the same,” Ryder said, hoping to get the last word in. “After everything we’ve done together. After all the marks I’ve left on him, do you honestly think he’s going to get out of this the same?”
Tony started to lean into it, but just as he felt that unconscious response he pulled away. “You were going to get me another funnel cake either way. Also this time I will take a lemonade.”
“Sorry,” Tony whispered. “Why were you worried?”
Ryder seemed to share the same sentiment, even hooking his arm around Tony and whispering harshly, “We’ll talk about this later.”
“I’m going to be a wonderful father,” Tony said turning to Karen.
Steve shrugged. “I had FRIDAY show me a few notes left behind from Ana and your mom. Saw that a few recipes were included and decided you deserved this. And well you deserve more, but this is always a nice start. Figured you’d like a nice slow evening, before everything starts speeding up again after the break.”
Peter stood up. “Of course. Is it in your room?”
“How long do we have to look at the document?” Natasha questioned, briefly skimming the words. From what she could tell there were a lot of protections for them that weren’t there before. Perhaps some of what Steve and Natasha had mentioned to Tony made its way into this decision making.
A few people awed aloud at the disruption.
(See the end of the chapter for
She exited the room, being quick to place the phone in her back pocket. She chose Luka, figuring he was the closet to a decent human being there and wouldn’t do anything to harm Tony least when he was asleep. She left him with simple commands and the parting instruction to tell Ryder she went to visit her grandmother.
p.s. What even was IW? Like who told them to do that to us?
Steve nodded hurriedly.
Steve stifled a noise of discontent over how drained Tony sounded. “Hey sweetheart it’s me. Did Cali tell you we’re close to finding you, hmm?”
Natasha read the letter again except this time in her head. “The best for Tony? Okay, Ryder has just come back into Tony’s life. He doesn’t know Tony like you do…like we do. This is just a guy who’s become jealous and has possibly grown weary of the closeness that you and Tony have had lately. You really let a piece of paper…” Natasha broke of frustrated.
“Well, sometimes you have to diverge from the specific plans.”
He clawed at his chest, trying to find some way to open it up so he could breathe. It didn’t make sense, but it did. He just needed to find a way to breathe, but he couldn’t.
“Everything with the Accords…I knew there were going to be some ruffled feathers. I expected you and me not to side on this. We’ve rarely done so in the past and it would have been nothing short of a miracle if we had agreed. So I had been prepared to fight for this and to work with you on it,” Tony managed to say, mouth tightening as Steve smoothed a thumb over raw flesh.
He looked at the two and they looked exactly like a couple you would see in some magazine talking about healthy relationships. Evan was leaning back in his chair and his wife had her hand placed over his knee.
He sighed and looked at the kid. The boy hadn’t stopped frowning and now he was running his hands though his hair trying to calm the strands to stand down. He shook his head and gave out a brittle laugh.
“That’s the problem.”
“I hate the cold. Like I truly hate it. After 70 years submersed in cold water, it would seem like I would get used to it, that it would become like some sort of second skin. It never did. When I first woke up, besides feeling disoriented from being in a different time, I felt cold,” Steve told him.
“Morning papa, dad,” Harley said, still with a moment’s hesitation because he was still in this adjustment period of seeing Tony and Steve as his fathers.
Steve grit his teeth together. He was tired of people blaming Bucky. “This is not Bucky’s fault.”
And he knew without a doubt, he and no one else was going to care to stop him.
“Okay…so how did you acquire a kid?”
He had lost a brother before, surely he could do it again.
“And we never wanted you to get hurt,” Steve whispered back.
He had been certain that none of them would get back up again. He had been planning for it, but he was so thankful that they had gotten up. He didn’t want to think what would have happened if none of them had come back or even if one had come back. He wasn’t ready for a funeral.  He almost wanted to take a step back and just take another quick look around to make sure everyone was still physically okay.
“I’m glad you’re back,” Karen voiced, her voice slightly louder than the children’s shrieks and occasional bouts of laughter.
Rhodey and Tony both stopped laughing at this. Tony drew himself up, “I promise I’ll delete the video now.”
“Not this time, kid. But hey when I come back we can do the secret mission and I’ll even let you make some gadgets with me,” Tony said. “Now, go back inside. Tell Karen, I’ll be back in a few hours or so.”
Bucky sighed. “Why didn’t you just tell Tony you were ordering in? You don’t know how to make spaghetti at all. It’s a good thing I came in here or else you would have burned the house down.”
“Hey. Hey no you haven’t lost him until your body’s been put in a coffin,” Natasha added.
As his hands traveled to wash the rest of his body, he gently ran his towel over the bruises left behind from a few days ago. Looking at them, he quickly shook his head to keep his mind from wandering to dark thoughts.
Apologies for such a late update, this chapter started at 5 pages and then quickly became 20+ pages. I just wanted all of the expectations I laid out for Ryder's consequences to be the way I promised. Hope it was good for y'all as much as it was for me writing it!
“I’m okay bambino,” Tony muttered. “The doctors and nurses are making sure I’m all good and ready to go.”
“You’re his dad?”
“Don’t want to,” Tony exclaimed letting his mouth form a pout, which Steve desperately wanted to kiss away.
Tony nodded and smiled wearily at him. “Th-thanks.”
“No, it’s not because you are leaving without still giving me a good explanation. So what I have nightmares. I have nightmares about Miles’ stuffed penguin eating me. Does that mean I think Snuggle should just march up and leave?”
“How can I trust you,” Tony slurred.
“Look Steve can you just wake Tony up. It’ll all be for a brief moment,” Ryder pleaded.
“Oh, boy wonder here to join the fun. I am delighted to admit, that we’re actually quite done here. Seems your time is up,” Ryder said cheekily.
“Natasha, give me the knife. Or I will take it from you or go find my own,” Steve said.
“Ms. Natasha said you aren’t supposed to leave,” Julie said biting her lip, her gaze looking hesitantly at Fury.
Steve woke up with a startled breath. His heartbeat thundered loudly in his ears and he felt as though he was dying. His throat closed up and his eyes watered. His dream felt so real because if he were being honest things could have gone that way. But they hadn’t. Had they?
“Whoa, it’s you all are actually here? Tony hadn’t thought you would all come here, but wow he’s going to be surprised,” a man rushed out. “You know you all seem more extremely human than when you are on tv.”
Miriam tilted her head to the side and reached over. She grabbed a bottle. “Now let’s say we have some fun, yeah?”
He sat down in a chair opposite of Sam and raised an eyebrow in question.
*Tags are noted but to be cautious for this chapter specifically: Past mentions of Rape/Non-Con Elements and allusions to Suicidal Thoughts*
Bucky grinned, though it was not an action born out of happiness.
“I need you to take care of Harley, if I am accepted into the Peace Corps. I would leave him with my husband, but…I just think that he would personally prefer being in your care. Every time he comes to visit me, he always tells me about how cool you are despite being a Uno cheater,” Bekah teased.
“Yes, webbing it up,” Tony replied. “Your Aunt May started using it and well it caught on. So if you get up to webbing it up, make sure you at least tell APRIL to let me make sure you are okay. And if you happen to stumble over something…”
There were some things he couldn’t share with Steve, at least not yet and besides Dr. Sana Tony felt most comfortable with talking to Natasha. Natasha didn’t outwardly show how much his thanks meant, but Tony knew her well enough to know that she was impacted.
Tony hummed as Ryder leaned down to angle his face toward Tony’s and place a warm kiss on his cheek. Tony almost felt a sob threaten to break out with how light everything was. With everything that has been going on in the past year…this is what he wanted. He wanted someone to care for him.
He shivered involuntarily, hoping that neither Pepper nor Rhodey would notice. He straightened his shoulders to disappear the way his body just experienced a full tremor of coldness. He beckoned them forth.
“I don’t know maybe I’m thinking too hard about this. It’s just when Natasha called saying she needed us to take Tony away for a month while she does some recon on Ryder, I got worried. I mean what did he do to gain Natasha’s suspicion?”
Harry smiled at them. “Okay, now were you all ready to order or do you need some more time?”
Bucky raised an eyebrow in question. “I know my memories may still be a little scattered, but I do distinctly remember the knowledge that you don’t know how to cook.”
“Okay, what mission do the infamous little black widows have for me today?”
When Tony questioned how were his remaining seconds, Fury stared at him and stated, “In pain, kept saying the fire was melting everything inside of him.”
“You will love me even if I have to fuck it into you,” Ryder said as he ran his hands over Tony’s spread trembling legs.
“I’m not lying,” Tony bit out. “Look you don’t know me and to be perfectly honest I was having a wonderful time with my son until you interrupted. So please feel free to excuse yourself.”
“Oh, stop that. Fine we can share. Better be lucky that this a big bowl,” Tony joked.
“Yes,” Fury exclaimed curtly.
Bruce’s presence was so silent that Steve had even forgotten that he was still in the kitchen. Steve went to the refrigerator like intended and grabbed some apple juice and poured it into a cup, which he gave to Miles.
And there it was again.
“There’s nothing you can do.” At Isak’s pause, Steve continued, “Because there is nothing that you could possibly do that would make me believe you aren’t Ryder. What I don’t understand is your compulsion to keep lying to my face.”
“Do you think this is a joke? You’ve been making a fool out of me this whole evening.”
“You know Tony once told me he doesn’t trust a man without a dark side. To be frank, I’m glad he’s never had to see this side of me,” Steve said. “Because sometimes I can’t come back from it so easily. It takes me a while to recover.”
“How so?”
“Yeah, that’s what you all keep telling me,” Tony said as though that fact alone scared him. “And what if I told all of you and you would see just how…just how weak I am. I mean Steve I can’t handle being in an enclosed room. My body is always cold. Every single time a nurse comes in I think it’s someone from the CMPNY because they’re essentially doing the same thing, just pocking and prodding. And I should get over this, right? I’m a Stark. I’m Iron Man. This…this shouldn’t phase me.”
“Oh my goodness now aren’t you two just the cutest,” a woman’s voice interrupted.
He desired that Tony would look up into his eyes and bare himself to Steve…bare himself so freely that Steve could cover him with his body and protect him. He wanted nights just like this, with Tony trailing a finger over his knee, humming some song to himself.
“Yeah, cause you worked oh so hard on that spaghetti. Truly, I see Master Chef in your future,” Bucky teased. “But did Tony tell you that he’d rather be here than with Ryder?”
He smiled at Ryder.
Steve nodded. “Yes, I have to tell Karen. However, I believe we can go see your mom today. How about you get showered and try to look like you haven’t been doing drugs and I’ll go tell her.”
Eva looked disturbed for a brief second, before breaking out laughing under the impression that her husband was merely exaggerating as he often did when he complained about having to work with the snobs in his job. “Oh, Isak do not be so serious. Was he this serious as a child?”
“Oh, are things alright with you two?”
“Again I’m sorry Ryder. I’ll make sure to answer your phone calls all the time from now on,” Tony said feeling the guilt begin to settle in. “Are you sure you don’t need to talk right now? I can step away for a bit.”
Fuck.
But now it is time for me to say farewell to this story. Typing this I even have tears coming to my eyes (I'm a real G I swear but I've grown incredibly attached to this story I mean phew how in the world did this become a nearly 300k worded fic spanning almost three years?? I'll never know.)
Bucky chuckled lightly and agreed. “Well, I’ll let you keep cleaning up. I have a record to beat.”
“It should be enough,” he whispered soft enough that it was nearly muffled. “I’m sorry my thoughts are all over the place. I kept on debating with myself over which conclusion was better.”
Wanda and Vision would be talking to one another in hushed tones. Wanda would often be going over what she had found out about the CMPNY from her trips down to those members that they had found.
Tony picked at the blueberry muffin and began eating. Natasha went to grab her own muffin and began taking out the ingredients to start making breakfast for the team. She set the things on the expansive island in the center of the kitchen, eyes stealthily checking to make sure Tony was still fine. She would never admit it to him aloud, but those first few weeks after Steve, Bucky, and Clint came back from the Raft she was worried about Tony.
“No, you need someone to take care of him until he’s recovered. I have the resources. I could get him an appointment to make sure everything is fine. Once he’s up to code, I’ll have him back here healthy and ready to go. Unless…I mean you’re right I’m probably not fit to take care of a kid. Probably can’t really take care of myself.”
“Yeah, I do. But maybe this is different. Maybe they’re trying to be low-key about their relationship,” Rhodey offered, not liking how that thought settled wrongly in his mind.
Tony frowned and swiped his thump over his bottom lip in contemplation. Steve followed the movement and his eyes grew slightly fevered. Tony noticed the change and quickly brought his hand into his pants pocket. Glaring at Steve, he went to his desk and then turned back around.
“But you’re dead and I’m glad for it. I’m thankful that I didn’t have your death on my hands…but I’m even more grateful you’re gone. My therapist says I may carry this for a while, but who knows maybe it’s the competitor in me but after today I’m leaving you here forever. I’m not coming back because for wherever the hell you’re watching I don’t want to give you the satisfaction of seeing me visit you here.”
Ryder undid the top three bottoms of Tony’s shirt and ran his fingers along the exposed skin there. He went closer to Tony and brought his face close to his chest.
“So what happens next?” Tony questioned, slightly impatient and wanting to know just what happened.
Don’t even need to explain.
Tony then looked straight at the wall. “And then I remember the bruises, the words he said to me…how he made me feel like you all…” his sentence broke off.
“It is or else you wouldn’t be so affected, “Ryder said. “But I do love you because I am here in spite of this. I won’t leave you because of your nightmares. I won’t leave you because you may keep yourself locked away for a few days. I won’t leave you because you’re hard to be around. I won’t leave you because you can’t give me anything. But they will. They already have.”
But those bruises marred all over his body and the slight burning in his throat all pointed toward otherwise. He blinked his eyes open trying to clear away the wetness that was starting to form. He shouldn’t be crying. After all was said and done, Ryder had apologized and offered that he would try for him to accept Miles.
A few minutes passed with neither of them saying anything, before Tony took this as a sign to continue leaving. “Okay, well this was nice. See you later.”
Steve watched as his chest heaved up and down, the way it stuttered as Ryder struggled to breathe. He watched as Ryder struggled to come to the conclusion that he was at his end and Steve was the one who was going to bring it to him sooner rather than later.
“Open,” Ryder rasped out.
Before he could further question himself, his eyes latched onto a movement. Turning his head down, he saw that it was Tony who had switched positions.
“We…ah we need to stop before this gets out of hand,” Steve said though didn’t loosen his grip on Tony or stop from mouthing openly at Tony’s neck.
Bucky watched as Steve grabbed his bags and left.
“And I did, sooo,” Steve drawled.
“Those two instances are not the same. Your brother did everything on his own. He was not manipulated into acting out criminal offenses,” Steve told him.
Steve wanted to argue the same about Tony. He had sent a letter and a phone, but Tony hadn’t called. He wanted to tell Pepper he tried, yet he couldn’t deny that right now he felt like he hadn’t tried at all.
“Because that would be a far more interesting.”
Bruce’s cheeks warmed and Tony watched as the color swept into his neck. “Can we get to building this Lego building?”
He stared at the phone once more and faintly let the voice of the newscaster travel into his ears. The lady brought up his name and then mentioned Ryder’s. Soon a few pictures popped onto the television. Tony’s face had been hidden by Ryder’s shoulders as though Ryder was shielding Tony from the cameras.
Clint came in here with a mission. He was going to apologize for his behavior today and then move on. Unfortunately, Clint’s mind and his mouth did not reach the same agreement.
“Make it short,” Harley demanded.
The two girls nodded and closed the door behind Ryder. One girl locked the top lock and the other rolled in her suitcase. She looked back at the girl and grinned.
“Yeah.”
“They?” Rhodey furrowed his eyebrows back together. “They came back to the tower? Why didn’t you tell me? Does Pepper know? Do you need me to come back?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“So how did you meet Ryder?” Steve said hoping it came out as smooth as he thought.
“We always do, we always do,” she announced.
Tony’s breathing was still harsh and ragged, but his eyes were beginning to gain focus.
The two continued in companionable silence as Peter went through the photos and chose some to send over to Steve. Eventually he found the ones he wanted and then pocketed his phone.
“What?” Steve shouted, his heart already thundering.
“Thank you.”
“Is it a good something?”
At that moment, Ryder finished talking to the driver and leaned back in his seat. Cali then chose to focus her attention to the passing buildings. Ryder ran his fingers alongside Tony’s jaw and smiled.
“Just stop it. Just stop. I can’t do this anymore Ryder. I can’t. Please Ryder. Please just let me go,” Tony rushed out and by then his voice was wobbling and his cheeks were wet. “Please. It hurts all the time. Please just let me go.”
Steve pulled back and pressed the palms of his hands against his eyelids. Tony stopped the story, seeing the movement. Steve pressed harder, wanting to ease out the stinging pain that was filling his head. He wanted some way to stop how his heart thundered and his mouth filled with acid as Tony despondently told this story, in a detached manner as though trying to save Steve.
“So have fun at class. Steve should be done with his meeting later, so he’ll probably pick you up,” he said getting ready to turn around, but was stopped by Harley calling out to him.
If Steve and the others were never going to find him, would it be so wrong to want that softness?
Steve patiently waited.
“I didn’t know how to stop myself. I just wanted someone to love and have them love me in return.”
“I am touching you,” Steve said, mouth removing itself from his nipple.
Steve wrapped his arms tighter around Tony, shocked that he hadn’t said anything to him about the similarities between this hospital room and the room he was kept in. His complaints about being in the hospital had all been taken as his general dislike for being in the hospital. So the others hadn’t really brought into question why he really wanted to leave after the second day, despite knowing he needed medical attention. Steve allowed himself a second of guilt, before he pushed that feeling away to be experienced at another time. Right now he had someone to take care of and he couldn’t do that with guilt rearing at the forefront of his thoughts.
Steve tried nine more times, before sighing frustrated. Steve looked back at Tony. “Why are you laughing? I am trying to get in concentration mode.”
“You’re not lying to me right?” Ryder said raising his body up to bring himself closer to Tony. His hand rested on Tony’s hip and he used it to draw him closer. “Because I was pretty sure your whole day was cleared off. Remember we both decided we would take the today off to just relax in bed?”
He took the ointment and soothing medicine that the doctors had given him and went to apply it on Tony’s cuts and bruises. He warmed it between his hands and meticulously made sure he covered every point of hurt. Steve would stop any time Tony would scrunch his noise or shift, but he resumed when his body went still again breaths evening out once more.
The two remained silent with their own thoughts bothering them.
Tony silenced it, rather easily.
Steve blinked his eyes open, glazed eyes meeting Tony. His expression slowly shifted into worry as Tony kept running his hands over his jaw. He caught Tony’s hand and brought it to his lips, pressing a kiss there gently before settling Tony’s hands back on his cheek.
“Tony don’t be like that. I try doing something nice and now you want to complain? Look, I don’t want to fight right now. So can we just not do this right now?” Ryder questioned looking down at Tony. “Just have a couple of drinks and you’ll calm down.”
Natasha nodded. “Good. Now tell me have you been out of Sam’s house in the past month?”
Natasha put the concealer back into her purse and looked back at the two of them. “Look so I found out what this whole surprise party is for,” Natasha exclaimed crossing her arms tightly across her chest.
Natasha rolled her eyes good naturedly, while reaching into her bag. She threw it toward his face which Clint immediately wrapped around his body. He let out a contented sigh and smiled brightly at Natasha. The corners of her lips lifted and she continued walking to the entrance of S.H.I.E.LD.
Peter face palmed and Harley snickered to himself. Karen raised an eyebrow and muttered something along the lines of, “of course.”
“What mistake?”
He remembered the first time he mentioned going to therapy and Ryder had pulled him aside, sweetly saying, “Aren’t I enough for you? Surely you can tell me your burdens and I’ll help you carry them.”
Tony blinked his eyes rapidly, trying and failing to keep the moisture from clinging to his eyelashes.
Peter sat down and looked at the screen that Shuri was on. “I just want to go out there and help. They won’t let me because they think I’m just some intern and then the one time I showed up as Spiderman Steve benched me saying I was too young.”
“So is there a love interest for you Pep,” Rhodey said, trying with all his might to direct the attention away from him.
“No, Fury. You heard what Steve said,” Coulson told him. “Don’t be the one to do this.”
“No! Aunt May would kill both of us if she found out we bribed a teacher,” Peter replied.
Tony laughed and leaned back.
Isa breathed out slowly and attempted to calm herself.
“Oh, Tony you think that this is PG. This is more like the
Peter shrugged, looking down at his phone. “Uncle Thor said he picked up the flowers. Uncle Sam and Uncle Bucky said they’re setting everything up on the roof. Aunt May said that she’s picking up the candles and stuff and will drop them off before she has to go back in to work. Uncle Rhodey said that Tony is currently making Aunt Pepper lose her mind because he won’t stay still.”
Steve winced.
Jaime laughed and Tony tried ignoring the warmth that spread in his body when Steve whispered close to his ear. It reminded him of the closeness and the warmth that spread to him, when Steve had pressed a kiss against his check last night. Tony wondered if he should bring it up to Steve. Thinking less of it, he decided he wouldn’t. Besides it was probably just a good night thing. Plus things were good right now and he didn’t want to make it weird.
It was such a difference than when he had been speaking to Steve. Steve watched as Julie’s face changed to one of determination. She immediately went in search of magnolias. Natasha watched on from a safe distance. When they found the magnolias, Natasha went to the counter to pay for them. Julie smiled widely at Harley and led him out of the store. Harley didn’t say anything, but just took the flowers from Julie’s other hand.
“Are you?”
Tony titled his head toward the playground. “Yes.”
Bucky pulled Steve out of the cell and rested a heavy hand on his back, trying to center Steve. Clint had rounded the corner and gave a short nod to Bucky.
“I don’t really care for why you did it. It doesn’t matter to me, when you’ll be locked up so far away from me, I’ll forget you had ever existed.”
“Oh, don’t be shy now. Cry,” Ryder laughed. “You hear that Steve?”
“Is that right Peter?” Tony implored shifting his gaze to
Then he added, “Sorry, if my face is screaming murder. It’s not directed toward you at all. It’s directed to that fucking asshole who I’m pretty certain, when I…its definitely not directed to you sweetheart, never to you.”
“Since I can no longer just do it for you, I thought I would bring in a guest,” Ryder explained as he began taking off his shirt. “This is Winston. Not his real name, but we’ll go with that tonight.”
Tony grabbed Miles’ body in order to stop him from getting out of the cart. Miles turned a disappointed glare toward Tony and began to pout. His eyes were beginning to shine brightly just ready to share tears he had probably been mentally practicing for, since they had entered the store. Tony had been prepared for this. He knew Miles was only four, but he also knew that Miles was beginning to develop the famous pout that could make people coo and bend to his will. Tony refused to be one of those people…even if he did allow Miles to eat a cupcake for breakfast.
“As long as you tell me the truth, you won’t be punished. Everyone out there already believes that you’re Ryder. So you don’t have to lie to me, never to me. I know it’s you. I’ve slept beside you for months and I am saddened that you think you could hide yourself from me,” Tony explained, softly.
“Won’t be long until we get to our destination,” Ryder announced.
So he gathered Tony in his arms and walked him to his room just like he had done so a few days ago. Steve pulled the covers back and placed Tony on the bed. Tony curled up onto the bed and reached for the sheets. Steve pulled the sheets over his body and tucked him in. He was about to leave, before Tony reached out for him.
Rhodey agreed. “But we love him all the more for it.”
“Please, don’t act as though you didn’t want any of what I did.”
The others followed Steve outside the ballroom.
Tony smiled as he placed the empty cup at the feet of Ryder.
“Tony.” That time it was Natasha’s voice breaking through and knocking against Tony’s head like a warning sign.
Rhodey’s eyes trained hard on the sandcastle that Miles and Tony had been building. He wanted Tony to be happy. Tony was his little brother and he wanted to protect him. Rhodey knew that Tony had a crush on Steve back in the day. He used to have a Captain America poster in his dorm room that he swears up and down to this day he didn’t. Sure, Steve had apologized and set about having his transgressions forgiven. He had signed the Accords. Tony and Steve had gotten along until recently.
It seemed hypocritical to him that as a trained assassin he was against this revenge killing…but he saw what killing had done. However, seeing this it had to be justified. Right?
“Please don’t do this. Listen, Winston. I don’t want this alright. You don’t have to do this. I’ll pay you three times what he’s paying you,” Tony pleaded trying to pry off the strong fingers that were digging into his flesh.
He cleared his throat and played with the fabric of the blanket in his hands. “It was good. Things were fine. I mean we weren’t living in a nice house or anything…but the apartment we stayed at was nice. It was ours. Then mom met Jack. Jack’s pretty cool. They had my sister, she’s cool. I just don’t think I was in the cool factor.”
“Are you and Sam not engaged in copious amounts of affection as well?” Thor questioned, rifling through the refrigerator for some orange juice. “Cause surely it’s not thunder that’s making walls shake at night so. Sometimes I find myself accursed with being able to hear so well.”
“Want to try again?” Jaime questioned rubbing his forehead. “I’m pretty sure I’m going to have a bruise. But who else gets to say that Captain America accidentally hit them with a toy ring.”
Tony held in the compulsion to answer him with a yes. He had wanted to know why. He wanted an explanation beyond the reasoning of why Ryder had just gone mad. There had to be something that drove him to do this…drove him to treat Tony like this.
“Oh, you don’t even know the mistake you just made,” Clint snickered.
Tony grins at the memory, almost content to stay wrapped in this bed with one of his favorite people. But alas a snack actually did sound good right now. It was as though that now Tony had been trying to get on a healthier diet, his body was punishing him and wanting to eat nearly every second of the day.
Tony continued to look at the bags for a minute, before finally addressing Steve. “Are you going on the mission with Natasha? Also I thought she was leaving after New Year’s. Also seems like a lot of stuff to bring for four days coming from the man who told me that I didn’t need two suitcases for a week vacation.”
Tony felt his throat burn.
Tony swallowed a lump in his throat. Miles still looked sad and Tony never wanted to fix anything as much as he wanted to fix the expression on Miles’ face.
Looking at the time on his watch, Tony ran a hand over his face and sighed. It had been two weeks since the Accord talk with the Avengers had went down the drain and two weeks since he had taken Miles back to Karen’s. A sharp pain entered Tony’s chest as he remembered Miles’ face as he handed him off to Karen. Miles had been healthy, probably healthier than he had ever been before. So it was time he went back. He had done what he said he would do.
“Careful, Tony. You might just hurt a guy’s feelings,” Ryder teased darkly. “Have me thinking that our moments weren’t special. I for certain thought that you would remember me fondly, after all I was the first man you ever slept with.”
“He was ashamed,” Tony sang back with an equal amount enthusiasm.
“Yeah, I’m fine. I don’t know guess I’m just a little tired, but nothing that some food won’t cure. Also fruit punch is definitely a child’s juice. We could have at least gone for grape juice. Oh, or white grape juice that’s the best.”
Steve swallowed a lump in his throat and tried ignoring the burning on the back of his lips wanting to defend himself. And he could…because he for once had nothing to say back.
Knew physical therapy wasn’t taking that long.
“You just nothing Steve. You know I never had to talk you into doing things. You always had the strength to go after what you want. Somethings may have changed over the years, but don’t let your persistence…your courage ever waver no matter the circumstance,” Bucky told him.
“No bambino. You are perfect. I didn’t want to leave you.”
“Bruce do you think you’d be able to come with us or would you need to stay here,” Steve questioned not blaming Bruce if he decided to stay.
Cali.
“Today is literally the best day ever!” Harley shouted, brimming at the top of his head with excitement.
Clint immediately winced as he said that. “No, that… shit this isn’t coming right after. I fucking suck at this.”
“I didn’t ask you if you were with him. Do you love him?”
“I don’t want to hug him. He probably smells like pee,” Marley sniffed.
“Yeah, but you’ve also been sober for about what five years now? Plus, I know you’ve really been cautious about not drinking since you adopted Miles. Besides alcohol does nothing for me,” Steve shrugged. “And right now fruit punch actually sounds amazing.”
His eyes traced Tony’s facial features as he wanted to make a mental picture of how beautiful Tony looked. He wanted to remember the rosiness settling in Tony’s cheeks from probably running to see him. He wanted to remember how his brown eyes seemed to melt like chocolate as he stared into them. He wanted to remember how his forehead creased in the middle as he stared at someone in concentration, just like he was doing right now.
The woman’s face paled greatly. “Of course,” she said. Then as if realizing Steve was there, she turned toward him and held her hand out to shake. “Hi, I’m the head nurse, Miriam,” she greeted warmly shaking Steve’s hand.
At that moment Harley chose to run into the kitchen carrying a sniffling Miles. Steve’s ears immediately heard the sniffling and he searched Miles’ face for the root of the problem. Harley immediately went to the medicine cabinet and grabbed a Band-Aid. Steve left his spot from making the salad and went toward Harley.
He had given him a drink, saying that he was sure he was thirsty. He told him that the others may not have cared about his comfort, but he did. So he tilted the cup to Ryder’s lips, saying how it was a favorite drink of his. Ryder’s mouth easily fell open, accepting the cool liquid.
Harley looked down at his hands and didn’t answer. Peter looked everywhere but at Tony. Tony felt unease steadily grow in his chest. Crap, had he done something or said something.
“You liked this attention. You craved it even more so and I gave it to you,” Steve said in disbelief. He shook his head and ran his tongue against the inside of his cheeks. He swallowed a lump in his throat.
They surveyed the parameters of the location where the driver always dropped off whoever he was called to drive. From there they had about 600 mile radius to narrow done. Their weapons were drawn and their plan was set. It was time to find Tony and damn anyone who tried getting in their way.
Steve looked down at Tony, who was still staring at him as though waiting for the first move. With Tony’s therapy with Dr. Sana over the past few years, he had been more engaged with redefining what intimacy meant for himself and how much control he wanted.
Tony opened his mouth.
A smile gave way to Tony’s tight expression. “Yes, I just woke up.”
Steve had an internal debate with himself, before Peter snatched the phone out of his hands. “Good evening Dr. Ryder. How are you? Yes, I’m doing quite well. Look, Tony hasn’t been feeling all that well this morning. I’m afraid he’s caught something so that’s why he hasn’t been really able to answer your calls.”
Steve’s anger grew with each growing second, just thinking about what all Tony had to grow through. The anger continued to hit him like harsh tidal waves, until Tony sat up so his eyes were directly in Steve’s line of vision.
Clint looked disheartened and watched as Tony grabbed the bag of popcorn and water bottles. He walked ahead of Clint. He shakily exhaled as he felt the air brush against his skin as Tony passed him.
“What did you do wrong?”
So when Ryder, who Tony thought could actually fulfill this hopefully desire, came back into his life he welcomed it with open arms.
“A reason that surely would not have any right justifications. You’re my only family left.”
Bucky shrugged his shoulders and followed Natasha. He figured it would be best to just not question it.  Natasha looked back to Tony and smiled mischievously. Internally, Tony was already praying that Clint and Bucky made it out of this carnival uninjured.
“You look awful,” Natasha spoke aloud finally addressing him, once he sat down on the seat opposite of her.
But looking at him now like this made him want things to be better this time. With his face close to Tony’s, he could see him starting to sweat. He had no idea where the temperature was in his room, so he made motions to take off this heavy sweatshirt Tony had been wearing. He had been wearing a lot of them lately even when it was warm in the building.
Steve shook his head. “No, you…you’re right. You are both right. I should’ve never left.”
“And everything else?” Steve asked.
Steve wanted to inquire just what she was talking and about. However, he stopped short once he heard a voice breathe, “Ste…Steve?”
Steve should’ve cut out his tongue when he had the chance.
But this…
When they reached the bedroom, Steve first took Tony’s shoes off and then placed him under the covers. He looked at his face void of any pain and felt a warmth settle nicely in his heart. He hadn’t had the chance to look at him like this since the time they went to Clint’s house and had to spend the night together.
Clint felt pressure on his chest at his inability to get across what he wanted to say.
Steve hadn’t even noticed how late it was getting, until he realized that Tony was slowly leaning forward. He had realized that toward the end it was mostly Steve talking about his time with the Howling Commandos and Tony hadn’t inserted his two cents in a while.
He leaned forward, hands pressed on Ryder’s knees. He dug into the skin there so tight that Ryder wouldn’t notice how his hands hadn’t stopped shaking.
“Okay, have fun.”
Tony breathed out shakily, watery eyes meeting Ryder’s. Ryder’s fingers moved inside of him again and he titled his head at Tony.
Steve smirked, “Sure, but that was before you were thinking of dating her pseudo daughter. I think I caught her sharpening her knives one day just for the guy who’d ever ask Julia out, right Peter?”
“Who you texting?”
Harley rolled his eyes and let Steve go. “Fine, do your nasty adult stuff. I’ll be in the car waiting. I’ll start it up.”
Be there in like five seconds. Thor and the others said they’ll be there in a sec. They’re having a competition to see who all can make the best Lego Avengers tower. The top three, will be judged by Tony. Unfortunately, Thor has a bit of a sore loser complex right now so he’s destroying all that are better than his….which honestly isn’t much
Before Rhodey or Pepper were able to refute that statement, Tony continued saying, “I know you’ll say I can do anything I want, but really without your support it would have been ten times harder. You two were always just one phone call from dropping everything to help me. When I got too much in my head and thought I had no one and that I could push everyone away because of how long I was taking to get back to me…”
That meant Tony was abused and boy guess it just seemed he attracted all the right people, first his father…
Peter scrunched his face up. “Hey, I never said the last one.”
He pointed toward the Iron Man Lego. “Now this is the protector of the tower. He’s on shift right now, watching over everyone in the tower…even though he doesn’t have to because he’s got this bad ass AI system. AI Systems is the little light coming from the fourth wall, which I have used red Lego blocks for.”
And he was cold, so fucking cold.
“With a very hot nurse, who you have mentioned has a few certain desirable assets. Emphasis on ass,” Tony snickered, of course making sure he covered his hands over Miles’ ears. Miles didn’t like this and went to tug Tony’s hands away from his ears.
“Fine. You won’t tell me. I’ll figure them out on my own then,” Steve replied.
Tony walked back to Ryder and placed his hand in his. “Alright kids play nice. Don’t break anything at the Tower. I am especially talking about you Thor and Loki. I swear.”
Tony’s blood boiled at the mere thought of someone making his son cry.
Bucky seeing this discomfort rolled his eyes and gently grabbed Tony’s legs.
If he was being honest, he understood Thor. He would much rather get to the main course. They had a breakfast at the tower, but Steve himself hadn’t made lunch. Clint picked at his food somberly as Natasha talked in a low breath to him. He looked up with a bit of a smile, before going back to poking at his food.
Ryder stepped into the home, being mindful not to step on any toys. He smiled warmly at the child perched on his younger brother’s hips. He didn’t too much focus on the weary expression of his brother. He didn’t mind how his brother’s wife was handed the child and directed to go to their bedroom, while the two siblings visited.
Maybe he could give Happy all of December and part of January off. After all Tony could drive himself, he just had to manage to remember that he couldn’t park anywhere he wanted even when knowing he could pay for the tickets.
Steve opened his mouth to respond in defense of his shows, but he was quickly cut off by Tony.
“It doesn’t seem like much of a compromise, if we only have basically two weeks left to decide,” Steve argued. “That’s not compromising?”
Steve took one look at Tony and was about to push him aside, plead with him to leave and let him handle this. But Tony’s eyes were focused on the body lying on the floor, hands cuffed. Steve tried stepping in front of him to direct his attention elsewhere. He was somewhat successful, when he was able to wrap his arms around Tony and try pulling him away from Isak…Ryder’s line of vision.
“See, what you have failed to come to the understanding is that I may be Captain America, but I did fight in the war. This mantle was not just for show, so don’t delude yourself to thinking that I was ever going to let you leave with the thought that you would win.”
“Shouldn’t you be telling me that since I hurt him I shouldn’t get the opportunity to even try?”
“Why would you think that it just has to be you protecting him?”
“What took you so long,” Natasha muttered frustratingly, trying to cool her anger. She wasn’t angry at Bucky and Steve showing up minutes later, while she had to listen to Tony’s hoarse screams.  She was angry at herself for not knowing how to help, for not seeing that he needed help before all of this happened.
Steve immediately shook his head trying to backtrack. He didn’t know how to react. He couldn’t know how to make things okay or ignore the way that Tony’s breath caught on a cry or how his body seemed to grow rigid with tension. He wanted to feel like he could change things. Wanted to have control over what was going on…but he had never felt so out of control…so powerless like this
“I’ve lost people I love. I can’t tell you that it won’t feel like the world is ending because for me it felt exactly like that. It felt like a piece of me was dying alongside with them. If they left, they would have been taking all my love along with them,” Steve rasped. “And I would be left empty.”
Steve shifted closer, lips opening slightly.
“Shhh, shhh, Miles,” Tony said rocking them. “I’m not dead. I’m right here. Who told you that I had died?”
Steve looked at the message and saw his own below it…unsent. He slapped a hand to his forehead in annoyance at himself for forgetting to send a message back. He truly thought he had, but maybe in all the excitement of Tony telling Steve he’d rather be with him eating spaghetti Steve had forgotten.
Happy nodded, not saying another word but wrapping an arm around Tony’s shoulder. Tony wrapped his own around Happy’s waist, appreciative that he had him there with him.
“Hey Tony…” Sharon exclaimed, but stopped when she saw her cousin and Steve close together. “Should I come back at another time or?”
“Before I was interrupted, I was going to say that mine has a stable foundation. Even the winds of the mightiest force will not shake this. Even if I were to set Mjolnir hammer against its walls it shall not waver.”
Because what he felt was loved by them and loved he would continue to feel.
“Please we’ll have the kids with us. Will it really be a break?”
“But now he’s acting like some Uno expert so I had to leave,” Harley claimed. “Is it okay if I stay here for a while?”
“Okay,” Tony drawled out confused as to where this was going.
“Of course sweetheart,” Steve answered.
“Please Steve,” Tony urged.
Tony tugged on his hoodie and left the room. Until he reached his tower, he would continue looking at his surroundings. He didn’t want to be caught off guard. He hoped Cali was as genuine as she seemed. He settled into his seat and rested his eyes for a little bit, hoping to sleep off the rest of the alcohol. He was able to sleep for about an hour, before the pilot announced he was home.
“They don’t know that Barnes killed my parents. They don’t know that Steve pushed his shield into my arc reactor and that he almost fucking killed me. They don’t know what I had to do to get Ross to agree to the reformed Accords and for the civilians not to see the Avengers as some ungoverned militia.”
Miriam shrugged. “Or we can just release the camera shots. Playboy Tony back in action,” Miriam announced loudly forcing the alcohol down Tony’s throat again. Miriam hummed in the back of her throat and watched on with glee as Tony could barely keep his head up straight.
Breathing in lowly under his breath, Tony let the tension release from his shoulders and rubbed a hand over his face. He let all thoughts of Ryder stop at least for a moment as he closed his eyes and let the soft melody of wind chimes filter into his sub consciousness.
“A decent guy…albeit a little misguided at times. I just… I love you Tony. I want what’s best for you. If this letter makes you feel hopeful inside, maybe this is what you’ve been subconsciously waiting for. Maybe things have happened to lead to this moment,” Rhodey announced. “Look that ball’s in your court. You can choose to ignore Rogers or to hear him out and I don’t know try things.”
Tony exemplified always growing, learning, and being cautious of the past and present while also being in conversation with the future.
However, he didn’t miss the way Tony fearfully whispered, “You know I’m not like that anymore Ryder.”
“Really? The Accords can keep our family and friends safe?” Steve questioned, stopping Tony’s sentence. “The Accords wouldn’t keep my family safe. Wouldn’t have kept my friend safe…the only one I have left.”
He looked at the phone placed in his lap and sighed. The lady on the television said they would be arriving back in America in two more months. She didn’t say if they were coming back to the Tower Tony made sure was ready for them when they returned. So Tony placed the phone in the box he’s kept it in. He locked it and placed a few files over it.
“Not all the times,” Steve agreed. He drew his fingers back and gathered some more lube. He had gotten up to three fingers by the time Tony got a little restless.
“Genuine love between us?”
“I’m saying it’s highly coincidental that he goes to Norway just as we’re closing in on him and he supposedly wounds up dead, but his brother doesn’t? Also this is the same man, who Cali said was creating a formula for DNA to perfectly mirror someone else’s. Who’s to say he didn’t do that with his brother?”
Tony smiled brightly. “You’re right sugarplum. That’s why I love you. Alright see you all soon! Be safe getting home.”
Tony trailed off on this rambling of better juices, until his phone went off. He looked at it quickly and typed a response, before placing it back into his back pocket. He took the bowl from Steve’s offered hand. Steve didn’t want to pry, but he also wanted to know who had texted him that made his face scrunch up for a few seconds before smoothing out its expression.
“I would never underestimate you, darling,” Tony drawled out seductively. “But I’ve got a few new things under my sleeve to try out.”
“Tony…this isn’t easy for me,” he broke out as he watched Tony’s trembling fists go toward his chest much slower.
“Excuse, me I didn’t hear you,” Ryder, smiled seemingly thinking that he now had the ball in his court.
Miles didn’t help the situation as he quickly slid his hand out of Tony’s and ran to Peter. Tony was sure that for Miles this was just an early trip to see two of his favorite people. Peter smiled briefly at Miles, shifting to place him on his lap.
“Whoa, Captain who knew you could curse like that. Definitely going to be on Santa’s naughty list this year,” Clint said winking at Tony coming into his room and cutting on all the lights. “Alright, up and at ‘em Steve. Our time for Tony bonding is happening right now.”
“Oh, testy I see. Jealous that I was the one who Tony let into his heart and in between his thighs. Don’t worry, he’s an easy lay. If you want him, he’ll spread his legs easily for you.”
Jack sighed and did as was instructed. “Rene, this…I thought we were just…”
“That we do, Rhodey. That we do.”
Ryder grinned and brushed back a curly gold lock from the child’s forehead. “Such a beautiful young child. Strong too, it seems like. It’s amazing how small children are, yet how fragile at the same time. Sometimes I wonder what would happen if children were to have amazing strength.”
“Sure,” Peter sang. “But honestly I think he’s just punishing me for being absent or tardy in his class. I mean sometimes I have to handle things before class starts or I sleep through my alarm.”
“Don’t want to fall asleep. Missed you and want to talk more,” Tony said around a yawn.
“But also” Steve repeated, gaze never wavering from Tony.
Tony pretended to think this over, even at some point sharing a series of facial expression with Natasha all of which meant nothing, but were hilarious to act out. Finally, Tony pulled back and nodded.
Steve, himself, had no doubts that Isak was not who he claimed to be. He had all been so ready to tell Isak he knew that he had planned all of this, it was all to convenient. Also he had some prisoners changed informants of the CMPNY that told him the CMPNY was still receiving instructions. That could only happen if someone in charge was still telling them what to do.
“And so now there are preparations to be made for the Avengers to come home?” one reporter said.
“Baba?” a tiny voice questioned. “Ms. Karen? Why you crying?”
“Can’t I just plan a nice date without having to celebrate anything,” Steve questioned, guiding Tony by the waist to sit down. “Simply put it, I think you are always deserving of nice things that I am always willing to give.”
“And?”
“FRIDAY go three images back and pause,” Steve told FRIDAY moving closer to the screen. FRIDAY did as suggested and Steve felt a frown overtake his face at the image.
“Can you be our group leader Ms. Natasha?”
Miles pushed back at the covers angrily and nodded. He crossed his arms over his tiny body and stared at Tony.
Natasha held him steady. He was too weak to appropriately fight her off. She hated how he kept letting out pained moans. His body shook and Natasha was worried that he was quickly growing sick with fever.
The man looked dazedly at Cali, before nodding his head. Cali remained for a few minutes, before having to head back. Wanda looked at Steve and nodded her head. Steve grabbed a nearby sketchbook and listened to Wanda as she relayed what she saw in the man’s mind.
“No, it was no problem.”
Tony left to go take a shower and Pepper collapsed into the chair beside Rhodey. “I’m so glad Steve texted everything is a go because I forgot being a licensed Tony-sitter is exhausting.”
Steve sat opposite of Isak, eyes searching for any clues that informed him that the man before him was actually Ryder. Unfortunately, there were no outward appearances that Steve could take note of that separated the two. From the images and the stack of confidential info the team had been given beforehand, Isak seemed to be exactly as he said he was.
“Tony isn’t one to just open himself up to someone. You know that. You’re going to have to actually try and realize that if you want the chance to be with Tony you need to fight for him though.”
“Look I just don’t want to lose any more family okay,” Peter admitted. “I know you can keep yourself safe. You’ve been in this business longer than I have, but I also don’t have friends who have the potential to nearly kill me. At least I don’t think so? Maybe if Liz takes up her father’s profession and comes back then maybe I guess. Ned definitely not-”
He hated how he couldn’t fall apart not when they needed him to be strong. But how could he be strong, when the main reason for his strength was out somewhere being tortured?
“Morning Harls,” Steve said ruffling Harley’s short hair.
After sleeping in the boys’ fort that one time, Tony had made it a habit of quickly switching over to their room for his second night’s sleep whenever he woke from nightmares. He was glad that he had said yes to Peter’s invitation to stay in the boys’ makeshift fort. Usually, the second time he fell asleep he could get three hours of sleep in before a nightmare woke him.
“What lies did you tell him? You can’t do this to me! Get Tony back here. I have to explain. I have to explain everything. I didn’t have enough time last time we spoke. He promised me to stay!”
“So you’re also making me a piece of jewelry. Aww, Steve man I’m so touched,” Clint said swooning into Steve’s side.
Steve shook his head and followed the warring emotions in Tony’s eyes. One emotion didn’t rest easy with him.
“Well spaghetti it is. Has Ryder ever made you dinner,” a petty part of Steve replied.
“Mom says she needs to talk to you,” Harley shrugged. “Don’t know what for, but guess I’ll sit here and wait.”
“Boss, perhaps you may check the roof?” FRIDAY answered back.
“Well the boys will be here after school. I figured once Dr. Cho told me that you were able to stay awake for more than an hour at a time, the boys should be able to visit. Peter and Harley will probably swing by May’s to pick Miles’ up and head over here,” Pepper told him. “They’re really excited to see you.”
Tony laid there numb as Ryder’s hands traveled over his clothed body. His mouth left trails of hot kisses on his collarbone and neck.
“He’s allergic to oranges,” Bruce’s soft voice said.
“Miles who is that? Tell them what you told me” Peter said turning on the television to a channel that was discussing the engagement party of Tony Stark and Ryder Deaver. The two entertainment talk show hosts were betting on whether Tony would say yes to the proposal or not, all the while talking about Ryder’s accomplishments, but not once talking about Tony in a good light.
“He’s my baba,” Miles corrected. “Who are you?”
Karen shook her head and laughed. “Look I’ll be in my office doing some work, but come get me in an hour or so and we’ll start putting up the decorations.”
“I didn’t…”
“I’m not telling Tony anything, until I’m positive that the Ryder that was identified is actually the one who died. Find a way to get Isak here. I want to question him,” Steve asserted, jaw clenching tightly and hands folded tightly on the table.
“Not from this.”
“You and your sweet tooth. How about we go get something to eat with the closest nutritional value,” Tony offered up.
“My mom’s leaving,” Harley exclaimed all of a sudden. “That’s why I can’t have you leave again too. So…like if anything is a threat toward you staying…I just know that we, I need you here.”
Tony watched on with dazed eyes as Steve completed the task. Steve noticed the attention, but did not stop his actions. Tony pressed his back into the cabinet doors and drew his legs closer to himself. His lips were pressed into a thin line as he turned his hands toward himself as if examining the damage.
“I know, but you didn’t tell me you interned,
“Or Natasha could,” Ryder added watching the unease Tony expressed at the idea.
“I do. I’ve loved him the moment he flew into space. I fell in love with the fearlessness, that selflessness, that kindness that he doesn’t allow to many people to see. He let me see that and I like abused that.”
This came two months later than expected b/c honestly this epilogue was supposed to be a sweet 1k ending to wrap things up.
“Please, I can’t live like this. Like knowing that Ryder isn’t here. I don’t know, if I’ll make it another day. He is…was everything that I had. He was the one that needed and wanted me. He always told me he was the only one that was never going to leave me. Now look at us, he’s gone. But…if I’m right…Ryder…please don’t make me live another day without you…please.”
Steve drew his hand back from Tony so that he wouldn’t accidentally tighten his grasp on Tony’s wrist. Anger fueled in his heart and he wanted to go after anyone who had hurt Tony. He would do the same for any teammate. No one could heart a member of his team and just get away with it.
“Harley,” Tony greeted. “What are you doing here?”
“Yes, I’m not crying anymore. Thanks bambino.”
“Sorry, Steve. Tony was having a nightmare and Miles took that as well you know the bad mean one,” Ryder addressed. “Your baba has told you about that.”
“You don’t have to,” Tony softly said. “I understand why you feel this way and I’m sorry.”
“He is family,” Natasha softly says, disagreeing with Pepper.
“Like hell I will,” Steve growled, upper lip curling upward. He rammed Isak into the wall and bent down so his forehead was only a hair width’s apart separating them. “I’ll be damned if I let you go anywhere near him. I know you’re not Isak, Ryder.”
“Looking for an early retirement,” Steve said raising his brow.
“Idol, eh?” Tony laughed, cheeks turning red from laughter.
Rhodey stretched out his legs. “Yeah, so they’ll probably be here soon and when they come I have to go to my PT.”
“Don’t tell me I don’t love him!” Steve yelled standing up angrily getting up. “Don’t you both dare tell me I don’t love him. You have no right to tell me how I feel!”
“I hate to admit this, but everyone screwed up and was screwed over in various degrees. However, Tony…” She broke off to clear the lump in her throat. “This betrayal. This absence has screwed him over in many more ways than one. None of you bothered to get in touch with Tony and make sure how he was doing. How he was trying to help maintain your image, while his was constantly demeaned in order to help the civilians trust you all.”
“What’s going on in that head of yours,” Pepper greeted back, moving to sit herself in the chair besides his bed. “Also this is for you. I know we’re above the age where stuffed animals are appropriate, but I couldn’t resist. If anything, you can always give it to Miles.”
Tony pushed at Steve’s chest and tried to further the distance between them. “Let go of me! Let go of me! I said no touching! No more touching. Stop,” he cried tears now running freely down his cheek.
“Coulson?” Clint brokenly whispered. “You…you were dead. What-”
“Alright well let’s go find ourselves a head…”
“Oh, no that is not what I came here for. I just…I am you could say an old friend of your husband’s. I was recently in town for a business trip and decided to come visit him,” he explained, dismissing her concern.
Tony’s eyes widened in the dark, heart freezing in his chest at the confession. After only officially dating for about four months, they hadn’t said those three words. They were intent that after everything they take their time and start from the beginning. Tony hadn’t wanted to rush into anything so soon, after finally washing his hands clean of Ryder.
Tony smiled warmly at her. “Yes,” he said breathlessly.
“Yes, Julie,” Tony greeted, while handing the bag of extra wristbands off to a volunteer.
“Foolish me, thinking that everyone eventually hurts me. But see with you I tried seeing if as long as I accept the hurt, you’d stay. Unfortunately, you did and you almost killed me.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Harley,” both Tony and Steve shouted. Then looking at each other colored slightly.
“You need legal counsel especially for that reason. All of you are rather close to the Accords. There is an emotional closeness that will prevent you from viewing things holistically. Tony felt that if he were to discuss things with you all, you would not listen. From your refusal to look me directly in the eye I am guessing I am correct,” Isa pointed out. “And from the fact that Tony looks like he’s being brought out of an attack I know I am correct.”
Sue him. That cupcake was just baiting Miles and even Tony began to want one.
“I’ll watch him, until you get back. This is the last chance you’ll ever get. Fury granted us now between Ryder’s final leave.”
“Stop, he’s baiting you,” Natasha whispered, hands reaching to clutch tightly at his shoulders.
“Clean yourself up Tony. You look a fucking mess and we have guests. And for goodness sake tell that fucking kid to stop coughing,” Ryder replied thumb smoothing over a point of tension in Tony’s thigh. “When does he leave? Already feel like he’s been here forever.”
Tony watched for a moment as Steve curled into the lingering warmth that Tony’s presence was leaving on the bed.
“What did you do wrong?”
Steve didn’t even say a departing word to the girl before he was bounding over to Miriam’s holding cell where they had her gagged. Steve ripped the cloth from her mouth and she turned sharp eyes to him.
“So no Rogers, this is exactly where I belong,” Cali choked. She looked at the two guards holding her. “I’m ready to leave now.”
Natasha turned surprised eyes to him. “You thinking of fostering a kid?”
Again he broke off, the sentence left to be finished later. Steve reigned in his need to know more, but he couldn’t…wouldn’t push Tony into doing things faster than he wanted.
“Miles is literally so absorbed in coloring he’s not listening to anything,” Clint said.
“Indeed he is,” Steve said agreeing with her as he stood up. “Have a good day Mrs. Keener.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony?
Steve wished that there was a way to communicate to her without hearing her voice. “Where are your CMPNY’s headquarters?”
And Tony, not once called to see how he was doing…to see how he was taking all of this. The only response he had gotten was when he came back to their room and Tony took one look at him and sneeringly said, “I told you so.”
“Close the door,” Tony quickly rushed out. “I don’t want anyone to see me.”
The blinding smile Ryder sent his way warmed Tony. Tony felt that out of everything bad with today was washed away with that smile. Ryder looked down at him from under his eyelashes and traced his nose.
He almost puked when a reporter questioned whether Ryder was getting ready to be a step-dad to Miles. Yeah, that would happen over his dead body.
“No more Karen’s?” Miles asked.
Once he was done, he set the bottles aside and went to place Tony in his pajamas. Steve pulled up the covers and tucked him in. For a few soothing minutes, all Steve did was stare overwhelmed by the fact that he was here. He didn’t want to close his eyes and mistake this all for a dream. He had those dreams one too many, while Tony was still missing.
“Preaching to the choir,” Harley answered back.
“That’s okay,” Steve said as he wrapped his arms around Tony’s waist and pulled him closer to himself. He tightened his grasp when Tony tilted his head to rest between Steve’s collarbone and his chin.
“Okay,” Steve said.
Tony’s head nod was the only way that Steve knew it was okay.
“I don’t cheat,” Steve said, his voice coming closer. When he realized where Harley ran off to, he came up short. “Oh, Tony you’re back.”
“How can I fight you, if I’m at an unfair advantage?” Ryder questioned motioning to his tied up legs and arms.
Steve gathered all the Avengers. Thor came back, alongside Loki. He claimed he didn’t quite trust Loki to be by himself yet. Wanda and Vision flew in as soon as the news reached them. Sam had put a hold on his counseling sessions and offered his help in any manner. T’Challa offered his services and told them that if they needed further need of him, he would fly to America with great urgency.
“I know you’re probably not going to hear me, but I am so sorry Tony,” Steve brokenly rasped. “I am sorry for failing you again. I try telling myself that I’m trying to be better, trying to be a better person, but I’m not. How can I save people I don’t even know, when I can’t save the one person that I love?”
He leaned over Tony and trailed his fingers along his lips. “You want me to lay you down gently and just worship your body head to toe. Tear you apart with care and get your body to release moans of pleasure that have never escaped your lips before.”
“I’ll tell him, when I’m certain who I have,” Steve added. “I don’t want to tell him something and then later find out it’s the exact opposite. He doesn’t need the confusion right now.”
His thoughts slowly raced around his head and his mind grew dizzy. Would Natasha be there too? He wanted Natasha. Natasha could stop this feeling of powerlessness and emptiness resting in his body. He wanted Bruce because he hadn’t seen him in so long and maybe he’d help him figure out why his eyes couldn’t focus and why he still felt like panic was gnawing at the back of his tongue.
Bruce scrunched up his noise. “We’re not adding fire.”
This time it was Winston. By then Tony had lost all feeling in his body. He was completely paralyzed, he couldn’t even move his mouth. Winston knelt between his legs and rested his head on Tony’s thigh.
Tony shook his head and pushed weakly at the warmth he wanted to lean in toward. “Ryder’s gonna come when I wake up.”
Bruce looked at Tony and Clint huddled together and shook his head. Tony sent a bright smile to Bruce.
Steve swallowed a thick lump in the back of his throat and cleared it loudly. His voice scratched as he questioned, “How did you know that?”
The chair screeched back from where Steve had been sitting. Bucky shout out a stay to Ryder. Ryder wiggled in his chair and rose an eyebrow as if saying, “How could I possibly move?”
“No,” Miles tiredly complained leaning away from Tony. “Wanna stay.”
“Yes.”
She had seen firsthand what could happen on both sides of the coin after one’s abuser was dealt with. She had no doubt that Tony wasn’t aware of her increased presence. At first she was concerned that Tony would be cautious of her increased presence, but Tony hadn’t much minded.
Bucky glared at Natasha.
“Sure, as soon as I receive permission from Miss Potts,” FRIDAY responded cheekily.
Isak stretched his neck to see what had gotten Steve so bothered. Steve closed the folder out of respect for Tony, but then remembered Isak had already seen all of this. Isak raised an eyebrow at the sudden action, but said nothing.
As the minutes passed by, the sun broke through the room lighting up everything and settling it in a nice soft glow. Tony breathed in as the kitchen filled, various bodies running into one another grabbing food onto their plates. Sam and Bucky were the first to come in bickering, arguing over Bucky leaving him behind in his run.
“It’s not a date,” Peter said bringing Tony back to their conversation. “My decathlon group is going to the movies.”
“Uh, no reason. Ryder called me asking if I could get in touch with you. He said he’s been trying to reach you for a while, but you weren’t responding. I thought that something might have happened and so I called to check in.”
“It’s okay,” Steve muttered, picking up Tony and hooking one arm underneath his knees and the other supporting his back. Tony curled into the embrace and opened his eyes, dazedly looking at everyone.
“So not only do you take my food, you want to talk about my height. I will not suffer under these conditions,” Tony said slitting his eyes at Steve. “Go get your own.”
He then went to the bathroom and still no Miles. His heart began to erratically pump and no reason was entering his brain. Perhaps his fear, had shut down the fact that he didn’t even ask FRIDAY to let him know where Miles had run off to.
Tony sent an apologetic expression to Steve, before standing up. “Okay, yeah. Let me just get cleaned up and we can go.”
Gabe had tried handling the situation civilly, but when Steve had heard about it…well everyone knew that Steve hated bullies. He was just getting used to his new body too and that could be explained with the force that Steve sent that soldier across base camp, but Bucky knew better.
Miriam rolled her eyes then redirected her attention to Tony. “I do apologize for my sister. She is awfully sentimental about these things sometimes.”
…loved him.
Ryder narrowed his eyes and dragged Tony to the elevator. He never responded to him. Tony felt nauseous as they entered the elevator and pressed fingers against his forehead trying to massage it away. Ryder hissed and pulled Tony’s body up as though aggravated by his disoriented state.
“Hey, what’s wrong?”
Bucky would come in silently, content with providing surveillance and making sure all points of entrances were covered.
Harley smiled and followed behind the nurse. When Harley left, Julie turned to Natasha. “Ms. Natasha can I go look at the trains?”
“Does getting off to another guy turn you on Tony?” Ryder hissed mouthing against Tony’s skin. His fingers traveled lightly over the smooth skin there. “The idea of someone besides me turns you on.”
Tony eventually fell asleep in hopes that his headache would go away and that he could get a break from drinking. All he wanted to do was curl up in a ball and just check out for a week. After all these years of sobriety and now…
“Ryder won’t be alive when you wake up,” Natasha said, her voice coming like an echo in his ear.
His quick rambling was cut off by Rhodey’s enraged shouting.
Tony sighed a little and a cough echoed in Steve’s ear. “Steve? I don’t…you’re Steve?”
A nudge to his ribs brought him out of his thoughts. He turned to face Bucky who was now looking at him with concerned filled eyes.
“I need you to wake up for me, please sweetheart and tell me that you know you didn’t deserve this. I need to make sure you know what that sick abuser did was wrong. I need to see those brown eyes that I love and see that I haven’t lost you,” Steve hoarsely exclaimed. “I need to know how to do better for you. I can’t lose you, Tony. You hear me. I won’t lose you. I just got you back again.”
“Fury, I am begging you. Do not go against their wishes.”
Again thank you to everyone who has ever commented, bookmarked, or left a kudo on this work. I appreciate it with all my heart. Have a great day, loves :)
Why did he allow Ryder to place those cold calloused hands on his throat and force him down, when his suit was only a simple command away? Perhaps at the beginning he thought it was okay…that those bruises were okay because at least Ryder had chosen to stay. Ryder had expressed a desire toward Tony, one that wouldn’t waver. And so Tony hadn’t pushed in favor of Ryder staying, but now he had his family back. That void inside of him had been filled.
To reach that of whom-
Tony fished out his phone from his coat pocket. “Yeah, but with Miles at home I like to always keep my phone on vibrate. Sorry, let me just see what this is about.”
. But it seems as though Clint wants to come too,” Steve murmured shifting on his feet.
“I’m thirsty,” Miles said as Steve came upon him.
“I want to be where you are baba. Why didn’t you take me?”
“Tony!” Steve yelled, trying to break through Tony’s panic. Then softer he said, “Sweetheart. Stop, you’re hurting yourself. Sweetheart, come here. Don’t…don’t scratch your throat. Give me your hands, please.”
Steve smiled. Pepper. He needed to send her a fruit basket and hope that would be enough for her to tell him certain things Tony liked. He could observe, but it was also nice to have some more information.
“Steve,” he murmured, groggily blinking his eyes open. “Steve.”
“I told you I didn’t need your protection! Or did that night conversation just go inside one ear and out the other,” Tony screamed. “Is this like last time? You told me you were actually just wanting to protect yourself? That’s bullshit. Tell me the truth Steve. Tell me.”
Bucky sighed. “Look Steve I’m gonna be frank with you. These past few days it seems like I’m encouraging you to go after Tony more than you’re encouraging yourself.  I’ll always be your encourager, you know that. But either you are in this or you are not. I can only steer you right for so long.”
Abuser.
He faintly remembered watching a couple bicker over this, while he was waiting for his mark. He remembered the guy assuring his girlfriend that he wasn’t checking out the waitress. After a few minutes of talking, the guy leaned over to offer her a chaste kiss and the girl accepted it softly bringing him closer.
“Maybe,” he said instead. “But I figured since his body was forever buried in that ice, in the cold maybe that’s what I deserved. So I didn’t try feeling warm for a while. I believed that it was just something I had to get used to.”
Tony tried reigning in his laughter, but the more May talked the more he laughed. Seriously, May kept him entertained.
“Wait say that again,” Cali answered taking the phone of speaker and bringing it to her ear.
They waited for nearly three minutes until they came back. Ryder had an arm lying on Tony’s shoulder. Tony turned to Natasha.
The only other person that was in the kitchen was Natasha. Natasha smiled warmly at the two, before handing a cup of coffee to Tony.
Steve was brought out of his daydream and felt his cheeks begin to warm. He shook his head at this. “No, I am not. I just was wondering, when he was returning. They have been gone for a while.”
Isak nodded. “Okay, it was an accident. I’m sorry. Ryder come on, I believe you. Now just slow down okay, or stop. Let me drive us back to my house, okay? Look, we can get you some help.”
Steve’s lips never stayed too long to leave a mark and Tony let out a sigh of disappointment. He wanted Steve to leave a mark, so that when he woke up the next morning he had evidence that this wasn’t a dream. But he knew that going back into the ballroom with hickies surrounded by journalists would be like putting honey in front of bears.
“Protect me my ass,” Tony bit out as Steve switched hands. “It’s like you didn’t want me to be angry at the fact that my parents were murdered. Murdered Steve! I had to deal with the fact that my parents’ death was my fault when surprise it was because some brainwashed super soldier had a mission!”
She placed it on the bed, so that Tony could grab it.
Peter’s face flushed a bright red, once he realized all the attention was directed toward him. He waved quickly then turned his attention back toward the video that was still playing.
Bucky swallowed deeply as if knowing the gravity of the situation he and Clint had placed themselves in. They had been with the little black widows for less than two hours and they already knew that Natasha had begun their training. Now they just needed people to practice on. And they just gave them an open opportunity.
Ryder laughed. Of course being a Stark meant that he could do anything he wanted. Being a Stark meant that he could ruin his life, just like his dad had. And he wasn’t going to let that happen again.
“No, they didn’t sign yet. They still have at least two more weeks to decide.”
“I…on the other hand I feel like it would be better knowing that he’s dead…that there’s no possible way for him to get to me, which is stupid because he’s at the Raft. But somehow I can’t help thinking that if he’s alive he still has the chance to come back. I mean I thought he was out of my life, once he left MIT and he came back. I have seen what all Ryder can do and maybe I’m just too smart to put such faith in the Raft to hold him…I mean you all escaped the Raft and Ryder may not be on the same skill level-”
Ryder took his hands off of Tony and stepped back. “Tony I…I never wanted you to feel this way. I thought you liked the roughness.”
Thankfully, neither of them had to make the decision seeing as though in a few seconds later it was made for them.
“I know that and you’re the best family I have. But Pepper’s off in England and you’re off recovering because of me,” Tony choked out, tears now running freely down his cheek. “And it’s fine. I love you all and I know distance won’t change that, but they were becoming to be my family and I want them back. I need them back Rhodey.”
Bruce nodded, before Helen continued. “As I was saying those drugs were causing overexcitement of his neurotransmitter systems, making him potentially dangerous to himself. I know he has been sleeping a lot as you explained, Steve. However, we best figured that if he were to be sedated we could assess the things that could potentially kill him.”
Tony blinked his eyes back owlishly. “I’m saying it’s a mighty shame that Ryder is gone. I sure do miss him and if he were here…well.”
“Can we go now? You’ve proved your point. I’m sore and I need to see my son,” Tony said.
has been the reason for your pain
He had a feeling Steve wasn’t going to like what he was going to do next.
Natasha crossed her arms angrily over her chest. She titled her head in agreeance with Clint’s question.
Tony turned to the voice, letting his eyes blink rapidly trying to clear the vision. “Ste…Steve,” he croaked, his voice fully not cooperating. “Kn’d ya come.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sighs, next chapter is going to be a lot because.... you know what let's keep this a mystery cause sometimes I don't even know the path my writing will take me on *however, I am gonna crack open a tub of ice cream and prepare to get ready for this next chapter (of course after I get done with this final)*
Do it Pepper. I full on support this.
Tony had muffled his cries in his towel as he sank to his bathroom floor. He cried in sorrow for feeling like he had lost something and then he also cried because of the sheer relief he felt. He had never known how much he had wanted Ryder’s presence not only gone from his home, but also gone everywhere.
“And the diet they put you on, is it helping you?”
Tony turned curiously to her. “What?”
Peter smiled widely and leaned down to hug Tony, careful of Miles’ sleeping body in his arms. “Love you Uncle Tony.”
“Yes, Peter. Remember he told you about the cool things his school was going to be doing today. We don’t want to miss all of that, do we?”
I made a few changes and if you're like me sometimes you need those addressed. The Christmas party in the story is now taking place on Dec. 25th on a Saturday instead of Dec. 23. (I'll edit that change later). Also Peter's AI is called APRIL instead of KAREN, since I already have a Karen.
Steve took notice of how his breathing had softened and his voice had gained a little bit of lightness. But he didn’t pay any more attention to it, instead going through the other pictures.
Bucky nodded twice. “Good. Anyways I brought some soup, Bruce made it.”
This confused Karen.
“No one told you to do a PowerPoint. You and Tony are just weird.”
“Can you reach that point where you can turn back?” Steve questioned angrily. “Sure, it wouldn’t trigger the Winter Soldier?”
“Then this time fight for him. Stay for him,” Natasha told him.
Steve nodded. “Okay, and what does this exactly have to do with us. I mean I am sorry for this loss, but unless any of you knew him-”
He didn’t want to think about that, but his mind couldn’t help but stray to those thoughts. Would Tony ever be able to look at him without immediately thinking of Siberia or having nightmares the same way that Steve has had?
Tony hummed thoughtfully. He remained still for a second, pondering about this. “I don’t know…I maybe.”
Steve stepped back for a moment. Tony held in a whine of protest.
Tony’s eyes blinked and he felt the weight grow heavier in his chest.
“What do you mean hmmm? I mean things aren’t back to what they were, but we need them to get back there and better or at least try. So yeah it’s fine. Nothing’s blown up yet. Why?”
“It’s good to see you Pete? Where’s MJ? I thought she was flying back for spring break as well,” Steve began to speak as the two of them made their way through the airport to head to Steve’s car.
After two hours of hunting down the little black widows, everyone had decided they needed a break. It was almost everyone’s nap time or for the older kids it was time to do homework. So they all went to their study rooms until it was time to start putting up decorations.
“I’ll be back in a few minutes,” he whispered to Steve, not caring that Steve wouldn’t even be awake to notice his absence.
He brushed a lock of hair off of his forehead and leaned down to kiss him on the cheek. Steve stayed for a few more seconds, but not long enough to hear Tony’s breath catch or eyes flutter open.
Mrs. Thompson shrugged. “Of course you would think that I am talking negatively. I am sorry if I touched a sensitive topic for you seeing as though you are the brand image of the effects of a broken family. Perhaps that is why these two children are acting out, they no doubt know of how you grew up within your family. Maybe they’re taking after their mentor.”
So he was conflicted. Looking at Tony’s face, he knew he was conflicted as well. Whether it was because he was already taken or some other reason, Rhodey was unsure.
Tony looked unsurely at him. Bruce sighed. “Trust me I know. It’ll be better when Thor and I have explained it.”
Isak lifted one shoulder. “I cannot presume to know about my brother’s life as I have told you previously, I did not keep up with the man. Sure, I had hoped that he would change, but I had hoped he would change far away from me. However, in saying this I am deeply apologetic for whatever pain my brother caused your friend.”
“It would have, but I don’t know. I wanted Tony as far away from this life as possible. Aunt Peggy would often tell me that even if I’m younger, Tony had a far more innocent and trusting spirit than me. It made him easier to break. I didn’t want that for him…of course he wound up getting into this anyway. I’m pretty sure Aunt Peggy would have reprimanded him for a few hours and then trained him to be the complete badass agent ever, if she could have.”
“Leave him out of it,” Tony said out of breath.
He looked at Natasha’s startled expression.
Steve scrunched his face up, his face losing some of its redness. “Then why…” he narrowed his eyes at Bucky. “Oh, okay got you.”
Miles especially wanted out of Tony’s floor and sought to explore. He had looked at Tony with big eyes and a heavy pout that should definitely be illegal and asked Tony if they could go play downstairs with the others.
“I don’t need help.”
Jaime smiled brightly. “Yeah. This is my first shift until three I think. Then I go with Ms. Natasha for the rest of the day. She told me she needed her second in command.”
Tony let go of Miles’ hand and kneeled beside him. “Alright bambino remember stranger danger. If someone who isn’t me or Peter approaches you, you come directly to me or you touch the button on the watch I gave you. Got it?”
“Steve your old man is showing,” Tony teased, though inwardly preening at Steve’s enthusiasm. He wasn’t breaking up with Ryder because of Steve, but he did delight in knowing that Steve was just as happy by his decision as Tony was.
Steve gave a low grunt in the back of his throat, pressing harder and snapping his hips quicker. He watched as the subtle movement in Tony’s facial expressions altered as he grew closer to achieving what Steve hoped was complete pleasure for him. Tony’s mouth opened and Steve leant down, unable to stop himself from greedily taking all that Tony would give him.
So he pushed back and took his hand from around Ryder’s neck to his shoulders, grazing another wound that had been marked. His eyes stared at that for a moment as he watched with a determined ease that Ryder was slowly, but surely losing.
Tony excused himself from the table as he held Miles hand in his. Miles grabbed on to Tony’s hand and skipped toward the destination, despite not knowing where they had placed another candy workshop station opposite of the ballroom that they were in. Ryder, who had noticed Tony’s departure, went to go follow him. Tony went by one of the volunteers and introduced him to Miles. The volunteer then took Miles and his appointed group through the little candy workshop. Ryder waited as Tony let Miles follow the other children who were running around freely grabbing their gift bags and putting candy in it.
Because he needed to live and every moment spent with Ryder felt like he was dying.
“Yes,” Tony quietly said, as if frightened to disturb this moment with any loudness. His breath caught in his throat as Steve took the ring and slid it onto Tony’s ring finger. Tony held up his hand and laughed with joy.
“I just wish he was here, you know? I mean surely you wished that your brother was here just as much as I do.”
He was hoping that Tony would just let him leave and not make him answer these questions. He was hoping that Tony would appreciate the distance, so that he could actually recover.
Clint had never seen Steve like this before and to say he was surprised would be too little of a statement. He had rarely even heard Steve curse before.
“Tones.”
If anyone else felt his same surprise, they hadn’t visibly shown it. Nick Fury looked at all of them and clasped his hands together on the mahagonany desk. He took his time to look at all of them before opening his mouth to talk.
“Steve,” Tony’s voice sand out. His hand detached from the bed and wrapped into Steve’s hair. Steve took more of Tony into his mouth, bright blue eyes heatedly blinking at Tony. Tony gulped some air into his throat, head falling back onto the pillow.
promised that you wouldn’t. You made yourself into a liar and you made it just that much harder for Tony to trust that anyone he loves will ever stay.”
But the children’s therapist that Tony had hired to help deal exactly with what all of them were going through helped show him that it wasn’t anything to be concerned about it was just them establishing a sense of comfort and security and eventually once they knew nothing was going to jeopardize their family they would eventually start sleeping in their own rooms. In addition the fort nights had slowly tapered off into one every week as opposed to how they originally slept in each other’s room every day. So there was progress being made.
Steve chuckled and Tony let the sound echo in the small space. “Not in your coffee, but a separate meal. Don’t think I don’t see you sliding Miles your extra vegetables.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam pulled his head away. “
Natasha who had just walked in smiled in a pleased manner. Bucky, Clint, and Steve were soon to follow. Tony raised an eyebrow to her as if making sure that was okay. Julie looked up at Tony and asked again.
“Right, so she reaches out. Mind you she’s about four feet tall and Clint snatches the juice box out of her hand and I quote, he says,” Natasha paused, making sure she had Tony’s full attention, which she did. “If you don’t back up from me now little girl, this straw will go straight through your hand. I can open a juice box on my fucking own. Ooops, sorry bad word. Don’t say that.”
Tony smacked his lips together, trying to force out a salty tear that had fallen from Ryder’s cheek. He didn’t want Ryder’s tears.
“But you did. You agreed to the original,” Clint pointed out.
He had always had problems sleeping, mind too busy for rest. But it had floated with ideas, schematics, and visuals for new programs.
“Yeah, but they didn’t have anywhere else to go,” Tony tried arguing.
Steve awaited FRIDAY’s response.
“I said no touching! Why doesn’t any…anyone listen? No touching. No touching. No more touching. Stop. Please stop touching,” he said wild eyes settling anywhere, but where Natasha was standing. “Go away. Ryder’s coming back. He’s…he’s coming. Have to…hafta be good so he doesn’t hurt my baby. Go away now. G’way.”
Steve couldn’t agree that it wasn’t his fault…if only he had been quicker.
Ryder saw the silent panic in Tony’s eyes and steered him away from the candy workshop, leaving Miles behind. Ryder placed his hand on Tony’s back and moved the immobile Tony to somewhere else in the hotel.
Tony tried resisting this because he didn’t want Ryder to know how affected he was by all of this. He didn’t want to be affected by all of this.
Peter laughed. “I’m glad you’re excited Harls. I mean we told you there wasn’t a need for you to be nervous. Though I’m wondering how the shovel talk is going to go with Aunt Nat.”
Ryder pushed back into Winston and continued aggressively pressing into his body as Winston let out a string of curses. Winston rested his hands on Tony’s hip firmly and tugged Tony closer to him.
Once the three of them had all gotten something to eat, Tony, Miles, and Peter walked toward the park.
So here Tony was staring at the phone. He wanted to tell Steve how he was hurting. He wanted to admit to him that he wasn’t okay and that he wanted all of them back. He wanted them to come back not just because he got a deal to pardon them, but because they wanted to come back home.
“Mr. Rogers, it’s been three hours,” the nurse said, disrupting
“Got a picture, sweetheart?” Steve asked into his ear.
Tony was shocked into silence and stayed still. He stayed like this for a full minute before he threw his arms around Bruce. He wrapped his arms firmly around Bruce, who was shocked by Tony’s response. He had an idea that he had been missed, but he truly hadn’t known how much. He brought his hands up hesitantly to rest on Tony’s back and pat it a few times.
“Bekah I’m not sure-”
“There’s no way in hell I’m letting Tony near him. Did you not hear me, when I told him the exact same thing? Like I’m sorry did we all not see what he did to Tony and we want to bring him in as what…bait,” Steve hissed. “That’s happening over my dead body.”
“Tony has done nothing to deserve this. He has not once said anything bad against you. He even looked after your family, when you couldn’t. However, you want to pick fights and goad him, into what reacting negatively?”
“What did you do?” Ryder growled.
Tony shrugged and fell back into his chair, grateful for the distance. If he moved his chair even further back just a little, Ryder certainly hadn’t noticed.
“Fuck you Ryder. That’s not going to happen. Steve is not going to leave and it’s not going to be some domino effect. Just because you’re jealous or whatever the fuck is going on in your messed up-”
Everyone sighed, relieved that the threat was gone.
“I need you to make sure I don’t go too far, before I get a confession,” Steve announced.
Peter lifted a shoulder casually and then responded saying, “Yeah, she was planning on coming, but she didn’t want to come back home for a week break then fly back to Wakanda to finish up the study abroad program for this semester. She said something along the lines of not disrupting the education experience of wealth and knowledge she was accruing for her studies in developmental cultural progress in the African Diaspora.”
“Are you gentleman alright?” Harry asked as he motioned for one of the other waiters to set down their meals at their appropriate spots.
because of Ryder and it doesn’t seem like he will feel any remorse at doing anything to Tony. At the end of the day I protect my own. If the only way I can ensure his protection, is to place my shield through him I will do that,” Steve said, “and I will have no remorse.”
“Just stay. Can you just stay for a moment,” Tony whispered as though ashamed he was asking this of Steve.
“Hang up the phone Steve. Damnit hang up,” Tony breathed through a short whimper as though the air was being knocked out of his lungs.
“Yeah, can’t really go into public spaces by myself quite yet unless you’re volunteering,” Bucky replied taking a bite out of an apple that he retrieved from the refrigerator.
“I am certain you are. Is that what you like to be called in bed,
“That’s a lot of demands,” Steve said, but started getting ready to follow them nonetheless.
Isak looked out the window. “I didn’t say anything about telling anyone about the CMPNY, but I do have certain measures enforced to directly link you to its organization should you do something that can endanger me and my family. I mean you’re just mad enough to do something crazy, so I have to protect myself. I didn’t last time…we didn’t. ”
“Three months into finding Bucky. I looked into the Winter Soldier and had a S.H.I.E.L.D. agent do some research before deleting any evidence of me snooping. And that’s when I found out.”
Then he wanted Steve. He wanted him with such a passion that he didn’t know what to do. He wanted him to come back and hold him the same way he held him, when he had first woken up. He wanted those whispers of him saying I love you because maybe finally Tony would start believing them, if he found Tony broken like this and could still say that to his face. Steve would be too kind to lie to a man in Tony’s position.
Tony stared at Steve. “Why?”
Would that be so wrong?
Eva ran to the hospital, having left her children with their grandmother. Her eyes burned bright with tears and she felt she could collapse at any moment. She had felt faint ever since she received the phone call. She tried pushing away how her first thought was how she hoped her husband had survived. For all intents and purposes Ryder was a complete stranger to her. She had not attachments to him. While it would be sad for her husband, she was entirely grateful that the person in the hospital had been identified as her husband.
Natasha found him first curled into a ball shaking. Her eyes then noticed the two bodies lying unconscious around him. She wasn’t too concerned with them. She could still see their chests rising softly. Her heart nearly broke when she was Tony push himself further into the wall. Sure, they had found Tony. But they didn’t know what had gone on for those 52 days that he was missing.
Thanks again to everyone who commented, gave a kudo, and left a bookmark. You all continue to make my day :)
“So that’s what Pepper meant when she said you would be watching over your little strawberry. I was going to ask her why on earth you were watching a strawberry, but I’ve known you long enough to know that would be completely possible.”
Ryder did not allow Tony a moment to respond.
Steve bit his lower lip and conceded to the fact that he did want to do what he had been planning for five days. He breathed out through his nose. He leant down to brush a curl sticking to Tony’s forehead and kissed the skin there.
“Oh, and how would you know?” Isak asked.
Tony clenched his jaw as his teeth gritted together. Feeling liquid anger stream through his blood, he took a few calming breaths.
“Well, you better ask Michelle out. Hmm, now I’m thinking of making you go with me to Coachella. Yes, we can take lots of pictures and I will pick out all of your clothes. Because frankly what are thoooose!”
“No, we were just done here actually. I didn’t know you were here. When did you get here?” he questioned.
“Did he just diss us?”
“How long has he been down here FRIDAY?” Steve questioned, seeing as how Tony was so into whatever he was doing that he didn’t even hear FRIDAY let Steve in. Though that could also be attributed to the loud music thrumming inside the lab.
He tried ignoring how easy it was going to be to accept Steve’s “fighting” for him because Tony would be lying if he said he wasn’t already in love.
Steve turned watery eyes. “From the fact that Bucky killed his parents. And Natasha I wanted to tell him, but I figured it wouldn’t help. His parents were dead nothing would have changed that. I didn’t know he…I didn’t know he would have felt so strongly about it. I thought eventually once everything was cleared and Bucky had gained some semblance of normality then I could explain everything. But I didn’t get a chance to because Zemo showed a tape.”
Apparently he said this aloud because Clint snorted. “Of course and we should plan things on your own term?”
Bucky shrugged. “Just saying. Did you get any plums?”
Tony picked Miles up and checked him over. “Did she hurt you?”
He tried opening his dresser drawers, but fell a little too short of reaching it. Tony pulled out some clothes for Miles, while telling him to go wash his teeth.
“Man now I remember why I used to love getting you all riled up,” Tony joked, then hissed when Pepper leaned over to flick his ear. “Okay, got it.”
Steve and Natasha asked Karen. Karen simply brightened at the request and gave them her permission. However, she made sure to take a copy of Steve’s ID and any other information, just for caution. Harley met them near the front of the orphanage, nearly bouncing with nervous energy.
“They…they said you died baba! I though you left forever and you promised you wouldn’t…wouldn’t leave me,” Miles said around hiccups, his little body shaking under Tony’s hold. “But you did and it was longer.”
At Tony’s look of confusion, Ryder explained his statement.
Inhale.
“I started trying to give him the placebo patches, but when I’m not here Ryder has another CMPNY member administer the patches and pills. Also I don’t know what they do when I don’t have a shift. I’m trying to get more, but Ryder doesn’t like one person being the sole person,” Cali informed him.
Pepper shrugged. “Possible. Has Natasha got in touch with you?”
Steve couldn’t breathe.
, Tony thought to himself mulishly.
Karen did not seem comforted by that answer.
“That’s not true, Steve. You did all you could and even we have limits of where our skills are. But we got him back Steve. Feel very grateful for that. But don’t you dare-”
“Oh, so now you love him. Tell me did you love him, when you were walking away? Did you love him, when you almost killed him? Did you love him when you blamed him for Ultron? Please tell me if I’m wrong, but that doesn’t seem to define love,” Ryder suggested.
“Okay, what’s with the whole silence?” Tony questioned, trying to insert a little laugh to lighten up whatever the hell just made things tense.
After a few more hours at Karen’s, Natasha and Steve left with promises to come back. As promised Steve, along with Bucky and Natasha, went back to the tower. Bucky sighed loudly as he grabbed his bags and went to his room saying he was tired from proving to Sam that he could lap him five times easily. Natasha followed Bucky’s lead.
They had separated, choosing to search different places to cover more ground and make the search faster. They hadn’t need of making a plan. The plan was simple. Find Tony.
“Good,” Tony sighed. “Gotta make sure they’re taken care of.”
A cough.
And Tony had feared there may have been a few out there who said he deserved it being the Merchant of Death and all.
“Because I can’t seem to let myself let him go entirely. I keep holding onto this childlike fantasy that I could save him. I don’t know something like the prodigal son, returning home and all that yeah. So when he showed up in what seemed like forever, I thought maybe it had all changed. I thought…I thought he was on his road to redemption and the first stop was me,” he exclaimed.
He wondered in some world, if it would be him.
Wanda still had her tortured expression and allowed herself to be led away by Vision. Once they were gone, the remaining three walked through the hallway. They made sure to check every room and were about to turn around and check the other side of the hallways, before they heard a door open and shut.
Ryder’s eyes briefly scanned over where Bucky’s hand had been resting on Tony’s upper calf. Bucky discreetly placed his hand back in his lap, hoping to himself that Ryder wouldn’t get upset. He had only been living here barely for a day. He didn’t want the Tony’s boyfriend to get upset at him even if Tony had seemed to be genuinely welcoming.
“Speaking of your son I wonder how CPS will respond to leaked footage of a scandalous sex tape making its way into mainstream with you as the leading face,” Ryder pondered. “Oh and Winston I meant to ask earlier how’s your new job as a gym coach going?”
“Oh, I know so. Okay arms up,” Tony said as he took of Miles’ night shirt and put on a long sleeve. “We’ll put on your coat jacket when we go outside. I don’t want you getting too hot. Alright legs now.”
Natasha smiled and shrugged. “Tony you’re thinking too hard on this. I merely go and play with them.”
“Are with May. She has them, once I told her to pick them up from Karen’s,” Steve said, already knowing what Tony’s concerns were.
But hearing that it wasn’t his fault from someone who was directly affected by his actions…that made his chest lighten. Bucky just didn’t know if he deserved to feel this. He wanted to tell Tony so, but Tony kept on talking.
“At that moment I knew. I had the validation of Captain America on my side to make any and all things I had justifiable. Besides Howard had already planted that little seedling of doubt…”
“They were probably looking for a third member in their little family,” Tony said.
“I love you,” Steve said, kissing the top of Tony’s forehead.
“Well that I’m not nervous about,” Tony trailed off.
“Told bambino,” Tony corrected.
Miles looked confused at the change in his baba’s expression, but after a moment’s pause he smiled brightly and clapped his hands together. He started laughing as well. Tony pulled in Miles closer and kissed his cheek.
“Oh, that’s awfully kind of you Captain. But alas I do not know the location. Ryder never told me.”
Tony frowned, sitting up and looking after Steve’s back. “Wait? You were breaking backs as small Steve? Pause, why am I hearing this now? Also why is that kind of hot? Steve! I know you hear me. Was little Steve Rogers putting it in?”
Ryder’s eyes widened fractionally. “Oh, I’m so sorry. I didn’t know.”
Nothing about this was okay.
“Why are you doing this?” Tony questioned. “I mean…why do you insist on torturing me?”
Tony breathed in and on his exhale exclaimed, “Steve I need to tell you something.”
Ryder followed the movement easily, eyes particularly drawn to the blood that was swept away with Tony’s tongue.
“Purple. That’s a really nice color. We’ll have to show Clint when we’re done,” Steve told him. “And what other color. Think we can make him three colors?”
Bucky agreed.
Harley shifted under the serious gaze directed at him and turned to explain. “Honestly, Mr. Stark I’m not even sure why we are here. Flash and I just got into a little scuffle and Pete here tried helping out. Nothing really worth noting.”
Steve’s jaw was tensed so tightly together, one could hear its grinding echoing through the room.
If I’m caught on Italy news, Tony will you bail me out?
Steve helped Tony, when he got caught. He laughed at the energy and settled over Tony. Tony’s head popped out the corner of his sleeve, before Steve helped correct the mistake in the pursuit of undressing.
“You can’t do that,” Sam stated. “It’s against the rules.”
“You know I told myself I’d give you one month to come to your senses. Then I sat back and realized that month was actually for myself. See if I had seen you again within that timespan I would have killed you,” Natasha exclaimed coldly.
Tony smiled warmly.
Steve went back to the kitchen, after Tony and Ryder had left. Sure, he was disappointed that the evening’s plans had turned out differently than expected. However, he had nothing but confidence that at the end of the day Tony would much rather be eating spaghetti with him than at some restaurant with Ryder. He had a text to prove it. Smiling at the thought, he grabbed his phone and looked at the message he received a few minutes ago.
“This is different.”
“And you. How are things with Tony? I mean you signed the Accords, which that was a surprise to me.”
Bucky looked toward him. “Steve?”
Rhodey smiled, remembering the same ordeal with his mom and Tony. He knew that threat would hit Tony. Rhodey stared at Tony and looked at the circles under his eyes and the tiredness residing on slouched shoulders. He tried dialing back his anger toward the Avengers for making his friend…his little brother feel this way. He opened his mouth to say something more, but that wasn’t what Tony needed right now.
“It’s not a date Tony. I have told you this multiple times,” Rhodey groaned. “This is just physical therapy.”
He had gotten what he came here for…but was it enough?
Steve looked around and breathed, heart thumping with anticipation. “No, now we just need to wait for the guest of honor.”
“Don’t you dare talk about him in that manner, in your short lived life, ever again,” Steve hissed, flexing his fingers.
“But seriously I love you and I need to make sure you know that. Do I need to like tell you that every day and give you hugs and kisses like I do for the kids,” she said, her laughter calming down.
“I thought you were joking,” Tony said as he took in everything on the table. “You made all of this?”
Steve watched as Tony gradually became distressed. Tony leaned against the counter and ran his hands through his hair messing up the perfectly styled do. Tendrils of hair fell softly against Tony’s forehead casting shadows on it. Steve reached out and let his fingers lightly push back a strand of hair.
“Okay, just make sure the blood is gone from you. I don’t want Tony seeing that,” Steve said, passing Natasha on his way out. “And leave the door cracked, just a little.”
“Like what.”
Taking his hands in hers, Natasha placed them on top of his knees and then drew his face close to hers. “Come on Tony. Come on breathe with me Stark. Don’t let them have this power over you,” she whispered.
His eyes narrowed as he watched Isak shift uneasily in his seat. His hands were clasped tightly in front of him, eyes darting back and forth from Steve to the door. He licked his lips once and then twice, before letting out a breath of air. The actions repeated.
Tony tensed. He was used to talking and constant movement. Even when he was with his sexual partners he was vocal. It’s just how he was. But with Ryder he had learned to stifle his pained groans and the rare moans of pleasure. He didn’t even know how quiet he had grown around Ryder until Ryder spoke on his silence.
Tony smiled easily. “I guess I do tend to do that. Hopefully, it’s a good imprint.”
“It’s fine. I get it Ryder tried planning a surprise party you didn’t know it would exactly be like this,” Tony laughed. “But it’s fine. I mean I was hoping to break up with Ryder today, but I guess it’ll just have to wait. Can’t exactly break up with him in front of all of these journalists.”
“And the experience?”
Tony at that moment came back slightly freshened up. “I’m ready.”
So update on the fic's progress. We are more than halfway done because I promised myself this fic would not go over 40 chapters. Guys, I'm so sad that it's almost over, but I'm also excited to share the upcoming chapters because its' going to get good (also with the promised comfort and happy ending).
“Well that’s not a problem. Julia’s awesome and she could kick my ass even if she wanted to,” Harley sighed.
Meanwhile Natasha, Sam, Thor, and Tony had all worked rather diligently on theirs.
“I do.”
Clint visibly paled and took to drinking his juice cup.
Steve watched as Ryder struggled to come to terms with his position. Ryder began pacing the room, angrily spewing at Steve, red hot anger alight in his path. Steve said nothing. Ryder pushed forward against the glass wall separating them and beat his hands bloody against it.
The two continued talking, while Peter went back to looking at Miles. The hairs on Peter’s arms stood and a cool shiver went through his spine. He straightened his back as he saw a woman approach Miles and begin talking to him. Peter didn’t even hesitate as he sprung out of his seat and walked toward Miles.
He prayed for once that they would stop long enough for him to give a believable performance. He widened his eyes, looking imploringly at Ryder from underneath his eyelids. He ran his thumb over Ryder’s knees.
Yes, I know that Bekah's decision may not be realistic, so I'm sorry, but that's how I wanted that situation to pan out. But hey she's on a healthy road to recovery and making an impact!
, Tony whispered angrily to himself.
Natasha stabbed a dagger into the countertop and leaned close to Ryder. “No questions. We’ll just wait.”
“Aye, man of iron we have come to the conclusion that you must judge which Lego building is the most wondrous to your eye,” Thor explained. “I would like to proclaim that mine is the best fitting toward your test. I have created the most desirable building across all of the galaxies. Loki would attest to this, seeing as how he gave a few suggestions.”
“Yes we’ll have cookies later, okay? Close your eyes and go to sleep.”
“Thank you,” Thor said. “Now, mine is the best.”
“He’s doing better,” Pepper replied shortly. “Well that is all I have to say for now. Do not make me have another talk like this with you all or you will come to soon regret it. Coulson, Fury. Hill.” She waved goodbye to them and exited the conference room with only a grace that Pepper Potts had.
Steve’s glad that Clint came into that restroom stall. He loved Bucky and Natasha. He truly did, but he knew they would try talking to him, offering words of comfort, but what he needed right then was silence. There were too many things going on in his head at that moment.
Brixon
Ryder looked down sadly at Tony. “Poor Tony. You always have such high hopes, but it’ll be a domino effect. Steve will be the first to leave.”
Steve tried smoothing his expression as he caught the water bottle, but by Bucky’s unimpressive glare he hadn’t managed to do so. He lifted the corners of his lip in a smirk and took a swig of his water. As he did so, his eyes caught onto the date on his watch.
But if he were to ask why, he would be placing control back into Ryder’s hands. For once, he wanted to not do that.
Steve nodded, but not without saying, “Leave enough for me.”
“Tones, you alright? What’s the letter say?” Rhodey inquired, reaching out to place a hand on Tony’s shoulder.
“But.”
And damn if Tony wouldn’t try to pretend to do exactly that. Exactly what he has been doing, with no one being the wiser.
Steve didn’t give Ryder a chance to say anything else, before his hand went swinging against Ryder’s cheek.
Steve turned to grab a towel and wash himself clean.
Or worse having Steve look at him like he was the cause of all of this…because he wasn’t and he could never be.
“How’s he doing Helen?” Bruce said, being the first to speak as he tilted his head to look at her.
He wanted Steve to ask the question back so he could offer with the same lack of hesitance. He didn’t know what that would say about him, but well so much time had been spent angry…though justified.
Marley shuffled closer to Kevin and pinched her nose, her reason being that she didn’t want to smell Kevin.
“This will be good to start with,” Miriam instructed. “Alright Cali come hold his neck.”
“He’s fine. He’s been wondering why you have been ignoring his messages and not making your weekly visits. I tried easing his worries and making sure he didn’t show up at the tower, but Tony you should make sure to talk to the boy.”
“Crap, Jack! What the hell? Get him!” the woman screeched wiping her face and flicking the water angrily at the ground. “Where’s the patches? Fuck.”
"I apologize in advance for any tears shed" Pt. III
“Where is he?” Natasha’s commanding, yet controlled, voice asked.
“I don’t know,” Steve said. “We don’t have to pick up, if you don’t want to. We can just stay here for a moment. It’s whatever you want.”
“Where are you going?” Natasha called out.
Steve tried swallowing down the urge to throw up and tear Tony away from Ryder’s grip. He tried to cease the burning in his chest and the desire to pull Tony into his arms. He didn’t want Tony to be leaning on Ryder for support. He didn’t want to see this and he hated that he was led here. He hated that he was seeing Tony’s eyes look up at Ryder in wonder before settling on Steve.
“Really Tony?”
“And why isn’t Tony here? Too chicken to man up and face what he’s done wrong? That’s what we’ve all been doing for the past six months. And he’s been here doing what? Just in his lab going over the Accords and playing with our lives,” Clint angrily protested.
“If I heard correctly, it was groups of three not groups of four,” Clint muttered.
So he had to tell her he’d be just a few minutes later, but would make sure that he was there in time for his boring board meetings.
“You don’t love me Ryder,” Tony hissed, shrinking away from Ryder as he curled a hand possessively over his forearm.
“Knowing Tony he probably is,” Steve said feeling slightly better. “Plus he can talk awhile, especially if it’s anything in regards to science.”
He had never been so hungry in his life.
FRIDAY told him, with certainly no feelings withheld, that the Captain had enforced the kill switch and Ryder would die within the next week or so. FRIDAY explained the effects of the kill switch were debilitating and would be felt with extreme pain as his body slowly shut down.
Miles pressed his strawberry sticky lips against Tony’s cheek. He let go with a resounding smack on his cheek. Lifting the boy into his arms, Tony gave Miles an even louder kiss. Meanwhile Miles was trying to get away, fits of laughter escaping his small body.
“It’s okay. You’re safe sweetheart. You’re safe,” Steve whispered as he led them out of the room, trying not to think of how much he failed Tony that he had to rely on some dream version to find him, with no hopes of the real Steve ever doing so.
“Protect me from what?”
“Ryder! Look at the fucking road. Are you trying to kill us,” he screamed loudly. “I will roll out of this care I swear to…”
Tony grabbed Miles and led him outside of the room. “Go play with the others, I’ll be right back okay,” Tony told Miles. “Then we can all do the decorations.”
“Tony it’s not that early,” Natasha said. “And I’m helping Karen get things ready for tomorrow.”
She never told them that those moments spent in his bed, surrounded by so many people, but not Tony was one, if not the most gut-wrenching experiences of her life.
“That’s an empty threat, if I’ve ever heard one,” Pepper said dryly. “If you don’t tell us, when you plan on proposing I can promise that Miranda will get a document full of all of your shenanigans with Tony in Colorado.”
Tony started laughing and scooted his body closer to Steve’s. “Please Steve you don’t need to pretend you aren’t happy I’m breaking up with Ryder.”
“So how do you handle just not going off on everybody who speaks badly about him? And like Peter they try to find everything no matter how trivial. Even in the meeting Flash’s mom didn’t hesitate to talk badly about him. Also Midtown does know that a great amount of their donations come from Mr. Stark, right?”
A chill went through his body as he imagined Ryder deflecting his anger onto Miles. The night at the Gala had come the closet and he would be lying if he said he wasn’t reconsidering his relationship at that very moment. No one would dare lay a hand on his son. He would kill them first.
Cali was his only option. He remembered her coming to him to check his wounds and telling him, “He’ll make you think that he deserves your forgiveness. You noticed how he stopped asking whether you loved him. I know you did. I know you realized why he started making it a statement that you loved him. He wants to manipulate you into believing those words to be true. Power relies on the ability to define reality and have others believe it as if it were their own. Do not give him that power.”
“Yeah, look I…can we talk when I get back. I have to meet someone really quick,” Tony kissed him on the cheek. “Glad you could make it though. You can sit down in my seat. I’ll be right back.”
“Tony,” Steve laughed wetly. “Can you tell me where you are?”
So they were still going with this Isak portrayal.
Ryder’s knees buckled and he fell to the floor, too weak to keep himself standing any longer.
Tony shook himself out of this and blinked his eyes a few times. “You…you love me?”
It was as if everything shuttered off and Steve wished he could retraces his steps back to when those warm hurt-filled brown eyes were staring into his own, hopeful that Steve could protect him for the night and hopefully for the rest of their lives.
“Make it ten,” Natasha said standing from her kneeling position from the ground and slightly towering over Isa. “I went into this thinking the Accords were fair. Now I know that they are. Packet.”
No. He’s not here anymore. Ryder couldn’t tell him things anymore and Tony needed to let that go.
“Look man, you are noble as your Captain America title suggests, so do the noble thing and let me go. You have no proof. You refuse to bring Tony in here to back me up. He spent the most time with him so he should know. So I don’t know what it is that my brother has you so infatuated with him-”
Steve shrugged. “I have my sources.”
Tony rested his head underneath Steve’s chin and traced imaginary shapes on his chest. His breathing that hadn’t evened out all the way was the only indicator that Tony was not falling asleep.
Steve immediately reached to his pocket. Upon Natasha’s curious glance, he explained “I always keep it near me as a reminder.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve hadn’t minded. Instead he had made sure Tony was all taken care off. He placed him in a pajama set that Clint had given him jokingly. Though it was slightly large on Tony’s smaller frame, Tony hadn’t minded all that much when he had to wake up and change into it.
Natasha smirked. “He wanted to make sure that you would come back to him.”
Though Tony always knew that Steve loved and knew him inside-out, his heart always managed to grow infinitely larger when he remembered the smaller things. He took the sparkling cider that Steve had offered and raised his hand up.
“I don’t feel so good,” Tony said pushing away at Steve. “Let go…”
Diana nodded her head and took Miles to a place only a few feet away from them. Tony was still frozen from the turn of events. Diana’s mom twisted a curl of hair behind her ear.
Pepper came in, quickly followed by Rhodey. Pepper smiled brightly at him, holding an Iron Man teddy bear. He placed his shaking hands underneath his thighs so they wouldn’t draw their attention toward them. He smiled widely at them, though all he felt like doing was curling up into a ball because it was still so cold in here. Or maybe it wasn’t cold and the coldness from his time there simply was just going to stay there for the rest of his life.
Helen shifted on her feet uncomfortably. “I am sorry, but there are some things that I cannot address to all of you. Also even then that is up to the discretion of my patient. We will only perform an examination, upon Tony’s permission as such rules dictate.”
He barely managed to restrain the need to pull back. Ryder’s cheek pressed against his. His soft breathing fell hotly across his cheek. Tony moved his head slightly just so he wouldn’t be in such close proximity to Ryder.
Tony inhaled deeply and shook his head once, allowing his head to fall against Steve’s shoulder. He shrugged his shoulders and heaved a heavy sigh.
“Shuri we have told you many times to stop saying that. We even had an intervention,” Peter said looking at his shoes placed beside his backpack, then back to the screen where Shuri’s face was alight with joy.
Jack reached out and held him down, taking patches out of his pocket and blindly putting them on Tony. Rene held him down, forcing pill after pill down his throat. Tony scratched at her neck, but Rene seemed immovable. She opened his mouth and didn’t care if he tried chocking up the water that she was forcing down his throat to make the pill go down. She looked at him angrily, as though he was deserving of this punishment.
In that moment, with the effects of destruction all around him Tony found himself leaning into a space that he and Steve had created for themselves…if only for that moment. It was just the two of them, breathing in each other’s space.
Tony turned his eyes down to look at Miles who was chewing on a soggy cracker.
“It’s just funny. Who would have thought the blushing virgin from Brooklyn would so boldly ask his boyfriend’s AI to set a lube reminder,” Tony chuckled. “Just very eye-opening to me is all the ways I’ve corrupted America’s Golden Boy.”
“Hey ‘m sorry. Went to sleep,” Tony sleepily murmured into Ryder’s chest. Ryder chuckled softly and began to lead Tony away to the elevator.
“Mr. Steve. Mr. Steve,” Miles voice rang in their ears.
Steve had to do everything to control himself for not yelling and blowing his cover. The small grunt of pain that Tony made shortly after didn’t help ease that strain for control.
Her jaw clenched as she remembered the day she found him in the bathroom.
“Will do Mr. Rogers,” Peter said. “Alright guys the lines is moving forward. Follow Ned.”
May laughed. “When is Peter never hungry? I mean I don’t know if his powers attributed to him eating so much or if it’s just the average growing boy thing, you know? Also thanks so much for watching Peter this week. I really tried getting out of having to go away for the company, but apparently I am their best.”
“No, that’s the truth. Fair maidens such as myself pride ourselves with honesty,” Marley delicately said, raising her pinky and
“Oh, like you’re any better than me. MJ did this Harls…oh MJ’s so smart…MJ is so cool I could never be on her level…ooohhhhh how did I land MJ as a girlfriend because I’m so lame and boring,” Harley laughed.
Steve hadn’t being in the presences of the man behind those tears and not being able to do anything about it…yet.
Seriously, thank you everyone who is continuing to comment, kudo, and bookmark this story. I love you all and I can't wait to take you on the journey that these last ten chapters will be :)
It wasn’t fair how everything in this room was just so damn perfect. Every time Tony closed his eyes and woke up everything was placed back in their respective place. It annoyed him and it terrified him because he had no idea how long he was here, if nothing ever changed.
“Bucky,” Bucky greeted keeping his eyes on the screen.
Tony shrugged his shoulder. “I don’t know. This is just all of a sudden, but is it bad I feel…” Tony trailed off, his cheeks rising in color.
Harley remained silent at that.
“Tony!” Steve shouted, ears tinting a bright pink.
“You going to tell Tony about this change in development, or…” Bucky trailed off.
Bucky went still beside Steve and he turned his eyes toward Tony.
Steve clutched the phone closer to his chest and strained to hear what Ryder was saying.
But for the first time since he got that phone, his fingers hovered shakily over the call button. He wanted to call Steve to tell him…
, Clint thought blankly.
“Prison?”
“What’s wrong, Ryder? Am I hurting you? Do you want me to stop? Huh?”
“Thanks,” Tony said, eyes dropping as though what he had gone had just wasted all his strength. Steve knew all too well how powerful an attack like that could expend all of your energy. Steve wanted to know what triggered it, so he could make sure that Tony didn’t have to go through that again.
Peter seemed to be debating about what to say, until he turned to Miles. His eyes lightened briefly and he walked toward him.
He made Steve feel as though he belonged in this future.
“But why?”
He looked at the time and saw he lasted one hour longer tonight than he had last week.
