John was enjoying his time with Alice. She’d always been easy to talk to and seemed genuinely interested in what had happened in his life since they’d last seen each other. It didn’t hurt that she was still very attractive and hinted that she would be staying in London for quite some time. Though what that meant for a woman who’d moved almost every year since graduation, he wasn’t entirely sure. It wasn’t necessarily that he was looking for anything long term - he’d learned that his life with Sherlock was incompatible with a committed romantic relationship, but it was nice to be out on a date with someone who wasn’t likely to leap up halfway through the meal and lead him on a foot chase through back alleys. Which is why he pointedly ignored the first call when it came exactly 39 minutes after he’d left Baker Street.
An hour later John kicked open the door to 221B, arms laden with more sugary confections than should be consumed in a year and a few other things that had actually been on their grocery list.
John turned his head and saw Sherlock gazing back at him, the twinkling lights reflecting themselves in his eyes. He was so beautiful, so perfect that even if he’d wanted to, John would have been hard pressed to think of anything else to wish for. That was the thing about this tradition. Under the canopy of pine, surrounded by colourful lights, he found it impossible to say anything but the truth.
On nights when Sherlock is particularly restless, John reads out stories of their adventures from his blog. Sherlock tries to scoff at John’s romantic prose and sentence fragments and the way he overuses parentheticals but John knows better than to take him seriously, especially when he drifts off to sleep with a smile on his face as John runs his fingers through his hair.
Greg couldn’t help smiling at the way Sherlock looked at Rosie with such love in his eyes, the way he put her and John before everything else, even his work.
He trails off and retreats upstairs but Mrs. Hudson follows a minute later bringing a large vase with her. She takes the fresh roses from John’s hands and begins arranging them.
Lestrade runs a hand through his hair and clears his throat, “Okay, but let’s just say they decided to do it here. What else, Sherlock? I know there’s more.”
Back at the Yard, Lestrade has buried his team up to their elbows in data. They spend the remainder of the afternoon and evening looking closely at Saunders and Prescott’s phone logs, emails, and anything else they can get their hands on but nothing new jumps out at them. Without any evidence at the warehouse they’ve reached a dead end.
Guys, the time traveling tomb is a real thing! Just search "Brompton cemetery time machine" and you'll find a bunch of articles on it. Of course whether or not it
On the surface though, not much has changed. When John posted an announcement about their new relationship status on his blog it turned out that most of his readers had thought they’d been shagging each other senseless for years. It’s a bit anti-climatic to be honest but it doesn’t bother him. Or at least it wouldn’t, if not for the fact that they haven’t actually
Note: I have no idea what nursery school/preschool Christmas programs are like in the UK, so I ended up basing the setting loosely on what I remember of my early school years.
In which a cup of holiday tea and a conversation with John brings up some bittersweet feelings for Sherlock.
“Oh, by the way,” she added, “I’ve met Mrs. Thompson’s daughter. She really is quite pretty. A little quirky but nice. She’d probably like you.”
“Said she needed to finish helping Mrs. Hudson,” John chuckled, “Don’t know how helpful she’s actually being but Mrs. H said it was fine.”
Still, every time she tried to push Sherlock toward confessing his feelings to John, he deflected by deducing her love life instead. According to him, she had recently developed feelings for someone she’d been close to for a long time but didn’t know how to tell them.
John sighed and gave Sherlock’s arm a squeeze before turning to welcome their guests. Molly’s eyes darted between the two of them as John took her coat and Sherlock gave a vague wave with his bow in greeting before raising it to the strings and launching into a rendition of “We Wish You a Merry Christmas.”
He sent a text to Lestrade to meet him near the Christmas Market. They would make some inquiries - probably not the most cheerful of conversations, considering the topic, but nothing Rosie hadn’t been exposed to before. And Lestrade would be there just in case. Besides, she’d been begging to go to the Winter Wonderland since it had opened last month.
“It’s this thing me and Harry used to do when we were kids,” John said, “before things got...complicated.”
At this Ross turned, ready to flee up back up the corridor but Holmes, anticipating his movement, lunged forward and pulled him to the ground. As I rushed forward to help the lantern shattered against the stone floor, plunging us into darkness. There was scuffle in which I heard a muffled yelp, a hiss of breath, then light footsteps racing away up the stone passageway.
Also, I’ve settled on an update schedule. New chapters will be posted on Wednesdays and Saturdays unless otherwise noted. Thanks for reading!
Sherlock opens his mouth then closes it again. For once his desire to always have the last word seems to have been overridden.
John was searching for an age-appropriate anatomy kit for Rosie when he heard Sherlock calling him from the next aisle.
“Does this car start by magic?” Sherlock’s hands form loose fists and he flicks his fingers open in little starbursts. “Bit ironic for a locksmith to be missing his key. Where did it go? Did the idiots take it?”
If he does feel a twinge of excitement in his stomach John tells himself that it’s got nothing to do with Sherlock. He’s just happy to be getting out of the flat after being laid up for almost a week, that’s all. Nonetheless he pulls on a rather nicer shirt and pair of shoes than he would normally wear for dinner with his flatmate.
Sherlock gives his head another shake then buries his face in John’s pillow, shoulders trembling with silent sobs.
Holmes took it and scanned the front page. His only outward reaction was a slight widening of his eyes as they alighted on the date but even at a distance I caught the slight tension in his shoulders that indicated a mixture of surprise and excitement.
Once Sherlock had reclaimed his belongings, they hailed a cab and John was surprised to hear him direct the cabbie to Baker Street instead of chasing down another obscure lead.
The evening progressed much as expected - an exchange of holidays wishes, cheerful conversation, a recap of things that had happened since they’d last seen one another.
Female. Late-thirties. Middle-class family. Fashionable but relatively unimaginative. Uses gift giving as a way to show affection. Interested in an attractive widowed doctor with an adorable daughter.
Sherlock spends evenings lying on the couch, flitting in and out of his mind palace. But whatever he’s searching for there always eludes him and he inevitably returns to pacing the room or playing random chords on his violin, not loud enough to wake Rosie, but erratic enough that John begins to worry.
Sherlock usually chose to ignore John’s social life with the exception of interrupting his dates whenever it suited his needs. However John remembers that Sherlock had continued the conversation the next day and every time they passed a flower stand for about a week.
They fall silent for a bit when the food arrives, savoring the rich flavors. As they wait for the desert Angelo insisted on bringing them John breaks the silence.
Sherlock nods and takes a seat in his chair by the fire but gets up almost immediately and moves to the desk. After a few minutes of typing on his laptop he discards that as well and crosses to the fridge to peek at one of his experiments. He finally settles for picking up his violin and drawing the bow across the strings. The tune is familiar - one of his own compositions, and John lets the music wash over him.
John smiles, then startles at the sound of Sherlock’s bedroom door opening. He busies himself making breakfast as the man in question shuffles into the room, dressing gown askew, dark curls a deliberate mess. Christ, how is it possible for someone to look that gorgeous when they’ve just rolled out of bed? John gives his head a little shake to clear it and turns to rummage through the cabinets.
He spent days wondering what the point of it all was. Even after his near death experience all he got was music on the wind.
John glared at her, then felt a rush of guilt when her smile wavered. Stella had always been friendly toward both of them - appreciative of Sherlock’s help and had never questioned John’s presence at crime scenes. She’d also never poked fun at their relationship, as most of the other officers did. If he hadn’t known she had a steady girlfriend, John might have been jealous of how well she and Sherlock worked together.
John rolled his eyes. Of course he didn’t care. The longer they lived together the clearer it became that money was of no great concern for Sherlock. Sometimes John wondered why he’d claimed to need help paying the rent when they’d first met.
He stopped but didn’t turn. He couldn’t bear to face John, to see the pity in his eyes, the rejection. He felt John close the distance between them until he was standing barely a foot away.
Alice smiled at him though and thankfully changed the subject to her friend in America who was obsessed with corgis and had demanded that she take a photo of the Queen’s corgis to send to her at the soonest opportunity. They made it all the way through their entrees without talk about Sherlock, but after they finished their meals, John couldn’t help himself from sneaking a glance at his phone and saw one more text, timestamped 20 minutes prior:
“Yeah, sure,” said John bitterly, pulling the offending bit of fabric from around his neck and flopping onto his chair.
Meaning of pink roses: love, gratitude, appreciation. Light pink has a more sympathetic message and is a common choice to send as a get well soon present.
Lestrade is barely able to contain a grin as he continues, “Only if you think murder and false identities are boring. Look.”
On the way over to Hampstead, Sherlock’s fingers tapped rapidly at his phone. It seemed that DI Stella Hopkins had been called out to investigate multiple break-ins on a single street, none of which had any clue to the intruder. While Sherlock scrolled through a street view of the area and pulled up the backgrounds of the residents, John sat beside him, blood ringing in his ears. He couldn’t tell if he was angry at Hopkins, annoyed at Sherlock for taking the case, or relieved that he’d quite possibly avoided a painful rejection.
Greg sighed in frustration. “Christ, are the two of you blind? I’ve seen the way you look at him...it’s like-”
: wearing a suit of armor in Parliament, beating a rug, jumping a queue in the tube station, sliding on ice or snow in the streets, touching a pelican, killing a swan, and flying a kite. I think you'd probably just get fined, not arrested, if you tried doing these things but of course Sherlock's always been a bit of an overachiever, hasn't he?
He breathed in the steam and caught the faint scent of...what was that? Ugh, Peppermint. He sighed. He should have expected this when he’d asked John to have tea waiting for him despite not having done the shopping. Why did Christmas make people feel like they needed to infuse every beverage with melted candy canes?
Around us, men and women rushed along, staring at their mobile phones, some with wires that ran between the device and their ears.
“And you must be Dr. Watson. I’ve read your stories in the Strand of course. I hadn’t realized you would be here.”
Lestrade runs a hand through his hair and sighs in defeat, “Well, there’s no point in staying here. May as well see if there are any other leads.”
Molly smiled. She knew there was a running pool at the Met about when those two idiots would finally get together. Greg had apparently put his money on the week between Christmas and New Year’s.
He entered university, tried to focus his mind on something concrete, but his professors were morons and the labs had all sorts of regulations that prevented him from discovering the melting point of eyeballs and other body parts.
Sherlock ignores this and continues, “It’s just...yesterday, when you still thought it was a suicide...it seemed to strike a chord with you.
John’s hands slide up to rest at the nape of Sherlock’s neck, the fingers of his left hand threading themselves through soft curls. At first Sherlock seems unsure of what to do with his hands but eventually settles for placing them around John’s waist, drawing him in closer as he deepens the kiss.
Sherlock stood at the edge of the trees, watching the officers walk back and forth down the path, cataloging the scene. He had made sure Rosie was facing in the opposite direction so she wouldn’t see the body when it was removed. He knew he should take her home but couldn’t help himself.
But John had shut himself in the upstairs bedroom when they returned home and had already left for work by the time Sherlock woke that morning. So Sherlock had been left alone with nothing but his confused emotions for company.
They stay like this a while until John’s back begins to ache from the way he’s awkwardly slumped against the headboard. He knows Sherlock’s not sleeping but still hesitates to move him now that he’s quieted down.
At first it had been fascination; a sense of intrigue that made him feel alive and curious about something - some
Molly scribbles something in her notes then covers the brain and places it back in the freezer. “Well, it certainly is an interesting thought. Maybe if you come up with a list of what you need I can help you later.”
“No.” John says, “I know I did before and I’m sorry. I was hurt and confused and so, so stupid. But from now on I swear I will always be there because-”
John opens his mouth then closes it, unsure how to respond. Sherlock pulls out his phone and falls silent again but John’s brain refuses to follow suit. Too many thoughts are now swirling through his mind and he wishes it would just shut the hell up.
Sherlock remains immersed in his work all evening, only emerging to help John heat up some dinner. When midnight approaches he shows no signs of abandoning his experiment so John bids him goodnight and shuffles off to the bedroom. He falls asleep imagining Sherlock lying beside him, and pretends that the gentle wind outside the window is the sound of his quiet breathing.
Mycroft tapped his fingers on his stomach, shrugged, then took a seat beside Sherlock and reached for the tin.
Sherlock nods and leans back against the cushions. They sit there for several minutes, shoulders brushing, each lost in his own thoughts. John is wondering what would happen if he were to reach out and take Sherlock’s hand when Sherlock breaks the silence.
Lestrade chuckles and shakes his head. “I can’t believe you, of all people, are giving me dating advice.”
Kissing Sherlock is a bit like being a teenager again. There’s a bit of awkwardness in the kiss, combined with an overwhelming excitement that John has never felt before. Like the earth could stop spinning and they’d still remain, falling forever into orbit, each drawn into the other’s gravity.
In the morning John wakes to find Sherlock fast asleep beside him, fingers inches from his own. They spend the day as they have for the past week alternating between their solitary pursuits and entertaining Rosie.
John shook his head, “Seriously, Sherlock. We’ve got to be more careful about which cases we talk about in front of her. It’s not like when she was a baby - she actually understands what you’re saying now. A bit too well if you ask me.”
“Sherlock Holmes,” he said, extending his hand to her in greeting, “I’d say it’s been a pleasure but we already have seats so we’ll be going. It looks like your ex-husband is here with his new girlfriend. Perhaps you could sit with them.”
One night when John slips away to tend to Rosie he returns to find Sherlock sitting up in bed, John’s pillow clutched to his chest. John seats himself on the edge of the bed next to him.
The restaurant had been his only lead and he hadn’t been sure what he would find when they set out down the path behind it. It was only by luck that he’d stumbled upon the pine scented trail that led them to the body. He’d known that finding Davies dead was a strong possibility - after all, he had been missing for over two weeks, but the puzzling thing was
John stifled a laugh as he hung up the phone. Poor Greg. He wondered how many badges the DI had lost over the years to Sherlock.
“I will consider it,” Holmes said, “In the meantime, might I suggest you have another look around your residence. Perhaps check under the mattress. You’d be surprised how many lost objects are found in the place where we lay our heads at night.”
Sherlock found a good rhythm working with Scotland Yard. Lestrade in particular seemed to take a liking to him and kept trying to invite him over for dinner with his family. He seemed concerned with Sherlock’s lack of support system. Sherlock knew this had at least a bit to do with Donovan and Anderson’s frequent comments about him being a freak with no friends but he didn’t bother to correct them.
He sighed as he glanced around the flat. Between Sherlock’s recent cases, his work, and various holiday obligations, he hadn’t spared a moment to tidy up beforehand. Of course, living with a 4 year old child and a flatmate who often acted like a 4 year old child didn’t help matters.
John lifts his hand, hesitates, then reaches out and places it over Sherlock’s, willing him to relax his grip.
Stories about ghosts floated across my brain and I had half convinced myself that we had been led here by a restless spirit when I heard Holmes muttering to himself, mentally retracing our steps.
Come to think of it, Sherlock couldn’t remember the last time John had been out on a date. Not that it meant anything.
Lestrade groaned and ran a hand through his hair in exasperation as John’s fist connected with the superintendent’s jaw.
John felt his heartbeat quicken as Sherlock’s pale eyes met his. He felt that perhaps he should say something but then Sherlock turned up his coat collar and resumed texting, somehow navigating the path with ease despite the fact that he didn’t glance up once the rest of the way home.
Sherlock tilted his head in a rather endearing way, a silent question hanging between them. John raised an eyebrow in response.
Also, you may have noticed that the number of chapters has increased. My plan on how to break up the remaining sections changed and that is the result.
Sometimes it was a joyful jaunty tune that brought to mind adventure on the high seas, sometimes the music had a more studied pace, a sense of duty.
Sherlock continues, “This shop was run by a man named Roger Prescott, known to you as Howard Garrideb. Prescott was one of the best in the mechanical manufacturing business until he allowed his personal life to cloud his judgement.”
John eyes the liquid in the cylinder suspiciously. It’s clear and looks innocuous enough, but there’s no telling what sort of chemicals Sherlock has lying around the flat.
John looked away. He’d never been able to discuss this with Sherlock the way he’d been able to with his mates from uni or the blokes in the army.
Sholto tilted his head and listened. He couldn’t hear music of course, only the faint whistle of the breeze, but he seemed to understand.
“You’re a good man, John Watson. I’m glad I got to see you again. I hope one day I can find someone who cares about me half as much as you care about Sherlock.”
When they return to Baker Street well after nightfall, breathless with laughter, they’re both far too tired to cook dinner so John suggests they go around the corner for Chinese. Sherlock leads the way with an endearing grin on his face and spends the meal stealing wontons from John’s plate and trying to deduce the fortunes of each of their fellow diners. John tries to hide a smile when Sherlock’s fortune tells him “People are naturally attracted to you.” His own reads “Better late than never.”
John’s actually not bad at googling things. It’s just really hard to find this specific cultivar if you only search for “floribunda rose” without knowing the specific name beforehand. What you do find easily is all those other names I included (yes, those are real names of roses). I happened to stumble across the fusilier rose when I was looking up info on another rose variety (which appears in the next chapter) and just had to include it.
This doesn’t clear things up at all, but at least Sherlock is talking...sort of. John shrugs and pours himself a cup. There’s no sugar this time so it’s probably not drugged. Besides, he admits, he could do with the caffeine.
“You seem to be getting the hang of it,” John said after a full lap with minimal wobbles from Sherlock, “Want to try it on your own?”
“Obviously,” Sherlock says, “You only have to look at them to see that they weren’t a couple. They’d never even met until they were forced into this car together and left to die.”
“Of course I stayed, Sherlock. You saved me that night. You’ve saved me over and over again. You made me feel alive when I’d forgotten it was possible.”
“You should write a list anyway,” she said after another minute, “Maybe Santa will bring you something after all. I promise I won’t look if it’s a secret.”
I tensed at his remark. Perhaps I was reading too much into his words but the way he stared at me seemed to imply disdain for something beyond having a third party present.
“Please!” John said, laughing, “You did at least ten illegal things in one night to pull me away from a date.”
John was right - his ankle isn’t broken but it turns out he also has a mild concussion from when he hit the ground. That, combined with the lack of sleep over the past two days and the adrenaline crash causes him to slip in and out of consciousness as he waits between scans. Sherlock hovers nearby complaining about not being given information and demands that the doctor run more tests than are strictly necessary. Finally John is admitted to an overnight room, a single thanks to Sherlock. He drifts in and out of sleep, vaguely aware of Sherlock’s presence by his bedside. Nurses come by at regular intervals to wake him and take his vitals. A couple of times he thinks he feels Sherlock’s hand grasping his, but slips off to sleep again before he can be sure.
John opens his eyes. And there it is. Red roses. His go-to romantic gesture. The one colour Sherlock had avoided. Was he trying to make it clear that he
Lestrade pulls out his phone, runs a hand through his hair with a sigh and addresses his team, “Let’s take a break. Get some food. We’ll regroup here in an hour.” He disappears into his office, staring at his phone with a dejected look on his face.
“Exactly,” Sherlock said, as if that explained everything, then let Rosie climb up onto his shoulders and led the way down the path, following the pine scented trail.
The following day John wakes to a screeching serenade which can only mean one thing: Mycroft Holmes has come to visit.
Stella refused to let Sherlock take over the interviews so he and John made their way down the street, poking around back gardens while her team spoke with each of the residents in turn. John made their apologies when Sherlock tried to force a back window open after finding the imprint of a shoe on the ground outside.
“Why on earth would we do that?” Sherlock asked, adjusting some of the ornaments so the colours were more evenly distributed.
He brushed a lock of her blonde curls out of her face. She needed a haircut again before the new year.
It was odd. Not the icicles - John had found far worse things in their kitchen before, but he had thought all the food in the freezer had melted during the last case when Sherlock had removed everything to test how long it took for meat to freeze solid. He took a closer look and he realized that Sherlock had replaced the melted ice cream with a fresh pint of John’s favourite flavour. Of course, he hadn’t bothered to do any of the other shopping.
The ride over takes almost an hour and John sleeps as well as he can while sitting upright. At first he keeps jerking awake with the feeling of falling sideways but eventually slips into a light doze. He wakes to find himself leaning comfortably against Sherlock, head resting on his shoulder. His first thought is embarrassment until he realizes that Sherlock must have scooted closer so he could sleep without falling over. Well, it’s the least he could do after dragging him out of bed at this ungodly hour. At this thought, John smiles and closes his eyes again until the cab drops them off a few streets from the warehouse.
Rosebud meaning: Anticipation and the opening of the heart and spirit to treasured dreams and the fulfillment of desires. Also a symbol of new romance. [
“Right here,” said Sherlock, turning the screen to face him. There were several tabs open, all with titles like ‘The Language of Flowers’ or ‘Say I love you with roses’.
He assumed Sherlock would eventually tell him but in the end it took John marching up to Mycroft’s door to get the bare minimum of answers. It was then that he learned of Victor’s existence and the tragic role he had played in Eurus’s childhood “game” with Sherlock. He mentioned it just once, a few days before he’d moved back but Sherlock’s only response was to shrug and adjust the headphones on the bison skull.
I found myself liking this man less by the second. He was clearly one of those fellows who would tell people what they wanted to hear in order to manipulate them and get what he wanted. Luckily Sherlock Holmes was not one to fall for such a cheap trick.
He sighed. So far Rosie had accepted their explanation that not all families looked the same and that Mary had loved her and was watching over her always. But despite all the bad that they’d been through, John wished that they’d had at least one Christmas together after Rosie had been born, just so he’d have a memory to share with their daughter when she got older.
Back in the sitting room, Sherlock hovered awkwardly by the door as John dropped another log onto the dying fire.
For once, Sherlock couldn’t think of anything to say so instead he leaned down and pressed his lips against John’s.
Mycroft had warned him long ago that if he gave into invitations such as these, the elders would find a way to harness his powers to find and unlock the fabled door between this world and the next. He’d never thought much about his brother’s warning - Mycroft had become obsessed with government schemes ever since he left the village and his music for a life in London but Sherlock wasn’t interested in becoming anyone’s tool.
Sherlock gave him a searching look and John thought he could hear his own heart beating, filling the silence.
“She didn’t think it was suspicious?” John asks, frowning at the amount and wondering what the bank must have thought about a woman showing up with a case full of cash to deposit.
“Nope. Using the wall as target practice is you being bored. Why were you so determined to get my attention?” John wasn’t sure why he was pressing this. He knew the sort of answer he was hoping for, but he didn’t expect -
After living and working with Holmes for years I felt nothing he could do would surprise me anymore but I replied, “And what, pray tell would that be?”
As a result John isn’t sure what to expect. For all he knows Sherlock could be planning to drag him all over London so they can snog on every street corner where they’d found a corpse. It seems like the sort of mad thing Sherlock would do - the precise blend of sentimental and crazy that made John fall desperately in love with him in the first place.
The rose is a glorious shade of orange, the color of sunrise, or flames burning low in the fireplace. John reaches out to run his fingers across the petals which are only just beginning to open. As he looks closer he sees the many slight variations in hue, ranging from a deep reddish tinge at the tips to a honey-gold center, as if the flower itself is a flickering flame. It’s unusual - he can’t remember the last time he saw an orange rose, but somehow the color is familiar, comforting. It reminds him of the fire dancing low on late winter nights, of sitting in his chair and pretending to read while watching as Sherlock plays a haunting melody on his violin. The rose fades from his vision and in its place he sees Sherlock, framed by midnight London beyond the window, the faint glow of streetlamps and the flickering fire casting him into dramatic shadows, the fabric of his shirt stretching across the rise and fall of his shoulder blades as he draws the bow across the strings.
I was at work that day so we’d planned for Sherlock to spend the afternoon looking after her. He said later that he couldn’t be bothered to deal with the idiots who work in forensics, but I know how difficult it was for him to turn around and go home while there was a case to be solved. Still, he never even seemed to consider the option of calling me to come fetch her. When I got home Sherlock was trying to work out what happened to Davies via text, and Rosie was playing in the sitting room as if nothing had happened - she had no idea she’d even been at a crime scene.
His father never believed him and often voiced the opinion that his son was either going mad or simply pretending in order to get attention. One night during dinner the music began and 7-year old John sat there transfixed. The music was different that night - warm, inviting, so much more real than the family in front of him. The music was so loud that it blocked out the sound of his father yelling at him to “speak when you’re spoken to,” until he felt a large hand across the side of his head and the ringing in his ears drowned out the music.
Can you find all the references from the original 3 Garridebs story I snuck in? Let me know in the comments :)
“There’s enough eccentric millionaires who dabble in real estate to explain it away,” Lestrade said, “Besides, I don’t think she was really in a position to argue.” He nods at the company ledger. John’s no financial expert but even he can see that her finances were in dangerous waters.
It wasn’t the first time and John was sure it was far from the last. He recognized the officer at the front desk, Evans, who had been on duty the last 3 times Sherlock had been arrested during court proceedings. Evans barely glanced up when John walked into the precinct, didn’t bother asking why he was there or if he could afford to post bail, just reached for the phone to call for the guard on duty.
“What if it was the other way around, hmm?” John asks, “Would you want me sitting here ignoring you and feeling guilty or would you want me to say ‘thank you’ and keep you company? Because it’s bloody boring sitting here with no one to talk to.”
As they stumble backward onto the bed John knows that everything, the crazy “experiment”, the waiting, all the anticipation, was worth it.
Lestrade sighs and tells his team to pull up information on all the locksmiths and real estate agents in London.
“When people say relationships cost a lot of money, they usually mean dinner and roses, not bail for repeat offenders.”
Sherlock raises his bow again and this time sets about playing a coherent tune, “I’m sure you’ll figure it out eventually, John. You always do.”
Sherlock shrugged and wandered around the building toward a thick grove of trees. “No matter, I’m sure there’s other things to see.”
They descend and find a shelter that would have been big enough for at least 20 people to take shelter from the blitz but at the moment there’s barely room for the two of them. John squeezes around the machines at the center and peers under the sheet covering one of them.
John laughed as he restacked the papers on his desk into a tidy pile, then turned back toward the kitchen.
The closest thing he can find is a dark red flower called “Canyon Road”. It’s hard to tell on the screen but it looks like a deeper shade than the rose on the table and as John scans the description he can’t think why Sherlock would associate this particular rose with anyone, at least not in a sentimental way.
“And maybe,” he looks down at the red rose, “Maybe I’m wrong. Maybe this was all just another crazy experiment. But you said you wanted some sort of result or reaction or whatever and, well, if it’s not what you want you can just log it down in your notes and we can move on.”
In other news, Sherlock’s been conducting some sort of social experiment for the past week. He hasn’t explained what the experiment is but our kitchen table has been taken over by a small collection of many-coloured roses in beakers and jars. Though I suppose that’s better than the toxic chemicals that usually reside there. Today he brought home a different sort of flower which he said is a cabbage rose. Kinda reminds me of our first case together, due to its “alarming shade of pink".
I hope you like my cookies when you come to visit. Mrs. Hudson is going to help me make them shaped like snowmen this year.
He glances through the glass walls of the conference room and frowns at Sherlock who is now badgering one of the assistants for access to the database.
The girl glanced from Holmes to myself, and gave us a curious smile before hoisting her bag onto her shoulders and continuing along the path.
“I think that’s appropriate given how long it’s taken us to get here,” Sherlock says, his voice low and rough as his hands fumble with John’s belt buckle.
“John?” Sherlock’s voice breaks through his inner conflict and John realizes Sherlock has been trying to get his attention for several minutes. How long has he been staring at this flower, arguing with his brain about whether or not the man who put it there has feelings for him? He feels heat rising in his face as he turns to reply.
It looks like a straightforward double suicide and John begins to wonder why they’re here in the first place when Lestrade receives a phone call confirming that the couple, whose identification lists them as Howard and Alexandra Garrideb, don’t exist.
“This area was rebuilt before the Second World War,” Sherlock says, “so it’s not all that surprising.”
John chuckled and gazed up at the twinkling lights on the tree. Other than the fire, they were the only sources of light in the room.
“Hmm…” Holmes stared over my shoulder watching the crowd. Women in short skirts and high heels and men in cut-off trousers and sandals passed in pairs or small groups.
“I am Sherlock Holmes and this is my partner, Doctor Watson. Don’t be alarmed, we simply wish to talk.”
John wakes slowly. It’s extremely comfortable lying here among Sherlock’s silky sheets and unusually fluffy pillows. He rolls over and breathes in the lingering scent of Sherlock’s shampoo and wonders what it would be like to wake up in this bed every morning with Sherlock by his side. After recent events the thought doesn’t seem quite as impossible as it used to.
The next night found them in a cab on the way to Northumberland Street. John had hoped Sherlock would be in a better mood for this outing, but if the constant stream of texts during his shift at the clinic had been anything go by, the lack of interesting cases was going to drive both of them insane.
John climbs the steps to 221B. After several weeks of rebuilding the flat and another week of oscillation over the matter, he and Rosie are finally coming back for good.
“Ouch!” Sherlock gives an irritated huff and John breathes a sigh of relief as his footsteps retreat.
Even if they did though, John can’t quite figure out how to ask without feeling like he’s pushing Sherlock into something he might not even want. Sherlock loves him. He knows that, but it’s not like he can just come out and say “Let’s have sex tonight,” can he? True, it’s often Sherlock who initiates their more spontaneous kisses - in the back of a cab, or in the middle of crowded streets, or sometimes at crime scenes (causing Lestrade to roll his eyes in exasperation while trying to hide a smile). But he always seems to stop right before it goes any further, leaving John unsure if Sherlock even
Dr. Montgomery’s mouth twitches in amusement as she turns back to John who nods his consent. She begins to go over the details of John’s chart, interrupted frequently by Sherlock’s questions until his phone rings and puts a stop to the interrogation.
“Sherlock?” He reaches out to touch his shoulder and is surprised to see tears in his eyes, “Did you have a nightmare?”
I glanced over the headline and a photo of a woman with short, silvery-blonde hair giving some sort of speech, then my eyes fell on the date:
“You’re not the one who punched the Superintendent,” John said, a flicker of amusement crossing his face.
“The last time we did it, we were fifteen. I thought we were getting a bit old for it, but Harry insisted. That’s when she told me about this girl in her literature class she fancied. Said she wished she could tell mum and dad.”
Sherlock sighed and lay back to rest his head on John’s pillow. He closed his eyes and allowed himself to imagine, just for a moment, that what he wanted was possible.
Sherlock leans back, picks up the dart-like plane and lets it fly. It sails all the way across the room before crashing into the window.
Outwardly Sherlock seems to be doing better even if he still refuses to sleep unless John leads him to the bedroom and slides under the covers with him. They start taking cases again though Sherlock seems content with what he would previously have considered “a five at best”. At crime scenes he keeps John close and constantly glances toward him during his deductions, silently asking confirmation that what he’s observed is really there.
John had looked up from fixing his tie and glanced at Sherlock in the mirror. He had been getting ready for his date with Jennifer...or was it Nicole? He couldn’t remember anymore. He’d never admit it aloud but his many dates from that time all sort of blended together in hindsight.
“It is now,” John says, tapping Sherlock’s arm lightly with the flower, “You’ve made me rather an expert in rose symbolism, you know.”
Sherlock shakes his head, “Look at the dust. Nothing’s been moved in this room for at least a month.” He turns to Lestrade, “your report said the most recent batch of counterfeit bills was printed two weeks ago. Although that’s assuming Anderson and the other idiots on forensics actually know what they’re talking about.”
Garridebs, guys. Garridebs. I couldn't resist. But now that the case is over we can return to the experiment.
If only it were that simple with John. Sherlock sat listening to Rosie’s quiet breathing and thought, not for the first time, that she would soon need a room of her own. On the rare occasions that he allowed himself to hope, he imagined John moving into his bedroom downstairs when this inevitable transition happened. But more likely John and Rosie would be forced to move out and he would be left alone again.
John took the paper and stared at it while Rosie scribbled away at her own letter. There really was nothing he could think to wish for. Nothing except...he picked up the pen and wrote one word on the paper, then immediately crossed it out. He waited until Rosie was looking away before tossing it in the bin with a sinking heart. Wishing was all well and good until you grew up and realized that not everything was possible.
His defeated silence was worse than any answer. I felt his pulse pounding beneath my fingers and sensed his confusion and fear.
He tugged at his tie again then pulled it off. It still didn’t look quite right. Behind him Sherlock rose from the sofa, stepped over the coffee table and in four long strides made his way to John’s side.
John froze. This was exactly why he usually avoided talking about Sherlock on dates - he had a tendency to ramble on and women generally took it the wrong way.
I originally wanted to post the whole thing in one go but it got to be a bit to much for my schedule and I wanted to post at least this part for the monthly prompt. I’ve got the story more or less outlined but real life is going to be a bit hectic for the next month so it may take me a little while before the next chapter. Thanks for reading and have a lovely weekend!
When he limps out to the living room shivering slightly he finds Sherlock reclined elegantly on the sofa, which does nothing for his state of mind. He readjusts his bathrobe and slides into his seat at the desk to hide his returning erection.
“You shouldn’t have given her a red rose,” Sherlock said in greeting when John came downstairs the morning after his disastrous date.
John merely glared at him. The man continued, “You’ve been with him for a while, right? Tell me, is he really as mad as he seems?”
“What is she supposed to be?” Sherlock asked as one of the assistant teachers greeted them at the door.
He set the mug aside and rummaged through the cabinets. Surely they couldn’t be completely out of normal tea. Ten minutes and a broken saucer later proved otherwise. All he’d found was the rest of the tea sampler the peppermint blend had come with. Likely a holiday gift exchange from one of John’s co-workers. He turned the box over and scanned the label, unconsciously deducing the gift-giver.
“It’s not like I’m going to try and spend them,” he says, lowering each strip carefully into test tubes filled with different liquids. “I’m just trying to understand how so many counterfeits slipped through. Bankers can’t really be that stupid.”
“You got your results then?” John wonders if he’ll finally get an answer as to what the experiment was about.
Holmes continued, “As you are clearly experiencing the same sense of disorientation as myself we can safely rule out a drug-induced fantasy. Therefore -”
Sherlock gives a half-hearted chuckle and settles back against the pillows. John gets up to leave but Sherlock grabs the hem of his shirt. “Stay.” He looks down, not daring to meet John’s eyes, “Please? Just for tonight.”
He limps out to the living room where he finds Sherlock curled up on his chair and a magnificent fry-up, courtesy of Mrs. Hudson, on the table. Sherlock is strangely quiet, only asking how John is feeling today and if he slept well before lapsing into silence as they eat. Perhaps he’s pondering over some of the lingering details of the case, John thinks. He still doesn’t quite understand the timeline of it all but Sherlock doesn’t seem ready to explain so he settles himself on the sofa with the newest issue of the British Medical Journal.
So, Sherlock solved a murder and was home in time to help Rosie hang Christmas stockings by the fireplace. Even after all this time, I’m in awe of the way he cares so deeply about her. She’s incredibly lucky to have him in her life. And so am I.
Greg stared after him, trying to process his words. Did he actually have a chance with Molly? Had Sherlock meant that, or had he just been lashing out? And Sherlock had all but admitted that he had feelings for John. That should have been a triumph, yet as he watched Sherlock wrap his coat tighter around him and stare at the ground, he realized that the brilliant detective really couldn’t see what was right in front of him when it came to John Watson. He shook his head and followed Sherlock, beckoning for Rosie to follow.
“The woman was a real-estate agent, though not a particularly successful one. She’s London-born and recently moved back to the city after some years living in America. She had no living family in the area, at least not any that she was close with. She may have had a few friends in the city but none that she saw on a regular basis - probably fell out of touch when she moved. She lived alone and had been thinking of getting a cat, but after an increase of in her rent and a decrease in income, decided that she should wait before adding another mouth to feed.”
“At least 12 break-ins were attempted this evening. It’s possible that not all were successful but whoever did this was on a mission.”
“Well, do you have another name we can refer to them by?” Lestrade asks, irritation evident in his voice.
Sherlock considers for a moment. His eyes flick toward Lestrade who is peering intently toward the warehouse through a pair of binoculars.
John spent the ride to the station wondering why he wasn’t more bothered by the fact that yet another date seemed to think he was in love with Sherlock. Was it friendship, or something more that kept their lives so closely intertwined, he wondered as he forked over 50 quid to bail Sherlock out for trying to fly a kite on the underground.
The door swings open and the doctor enters, followed by Sherlock and an extremely disgruntled nurse.
Sherlock felt his heart beating a violent tattoo against his chest as John placed one hand on the back of his neck and pulled him gently downward.
Turns out that Davies had been frozen in the industrial freezer at the restaurant nearby. It looked bad for the owners, but then Sherlock realized that the employee who’d been seen sneaking onto the property, a man named Jack Hastings, had a history with Davies. Along with the police, Sherlock managed to track him down the next day.
He glanced back at the image on his phone. He’d seen that place before. He closed his eyes as he tried to remember where, but kept getting distracted by the memory of candlelight and John’s hand, warm on his. He shook his head and tried again to focus on the snow-covered building in the picture, but instead the feeling of John’s strong arms steadying him at the ice rink forced itself in and...oh! The ice rink. The Winter Wonderland at Hyde Park.
“Of course I was,” says Sherlock, but John can see the relief on his face. He snaps a couple of photos with his phone then they climb back up the stairs and replace the trapdoor. Sherlock frets about the dust they disturbed but John assures him that no one would notice unless they’re Sherlock Holmes.
The photo was far too dark to see their faces but Molly could imagine the way Sherlock was looking at John in that moment. It had been like that since the very beginning, back when she’d dreamed that he would look at her that way. And now it seemed like they were the only two people in the world who didn’t recognize how much the other loved them.
Greg stepped forward to catch up to Sherlock who had stopped at the edge of a clearing, deciding which way to go.
John shook his head. He knew that despite their odd ways of showing affection, the Holmes brothers really did care about each other. He also knew that Sherlock was secretly looking forward to Christmas dinner at his parents’ house, if only for his mother’s baking.
Sometimes they’ll collapse on the couch together where Sherlock lets his head fall into John’s lap and sighs in contentment as John runs his fingers through his hair. But more often than not they spend their evenings sorting through evidence from some new case until John’s eyelids are heavy with sleep. Eventually he’ll get up to plant a kiss atop Sherlock’s unruly curls before dragging himself upstairs wishing that the criminals of London would have mercy on him and take a collective vacation for one night so he can take his boyfriend to bed with him.
“Well, why not? Flowers are nice. Simple. They say you like someone without being too unusual or over the top.”
John rolled his eyes and was about to hang up when he heard a static-y voice over a pa system in the background and the sound of a metal door closing. He sighed. He should have known better than to think Sherlock would stay home and out of trouble.
Sherlock pulls out his phone and starts tapping away. John leans back in the passenger seat but jolts upright when he feels his phone vibrate. He pulls it out and sees a text:
He picked up his violin and drew the bow across the strings at random to calm his mind. He hated the hope that fluttered in his chest every time John’s hand brushed his as they were hanging lights on the tree and the satisfaction he’d felt when John had confirmed that no, he would not be bringing a date to their Christmas party.
John appeared behind him. His hair was still slightly damp from the shower and he was wearing a new holiday jumper covered in snowflakes and pine trees.
And yes, the caroling thieves stole 5 golden rings. I don’t know why to be honest, because that’s probably not worth the trouble they went through, but oh well. This is my brain on Christmas music and lack of sleep. Weird things happen.
Evans nodded at the plastic bag containing Sherlock’s personal items that he’d left behind - watch that cost more than John had in his savings account, scraps of paper with illegible scribbles, phone with multiple text alerts blinking, and a wallet, which contained exactly the amount needed.
John felt his heart melt. Sherlock had been willing to give up the case to look after Rosie. His doubts that had surfaced last night when Sherlock had dragged them away from dinner vanished and John fought the impulse to pull Sherlock over and kiss him right then and there. Instead he smiled and handed Sherlock his coat.
John shrugs apologetically and Lestrade tries to hide a smile behind an exasperated sigh as they follow. They still don’t know who their suspect is but Lestrade makes arrangements to stakeout the area. To Sherlock’s annoyance, Lestrade excludes him from the plans.
I glanced at the lady in question who was wearing a shirt emblazoned with a compass rose and tight trousers that hugged her hips.
Sherlock looks up to meet his eyes but doesn’t say anything. Instead he holds out the paper he was fiddling with. It’s now an intricate rose. The tidy folds form a swirling center which radiates out into gently curling petals.
“Can’t, sorry,” John says as he takes his coat from the hook, “I promised Harry I’d meet up with her this month and tonight’s the only time she was free. I might be out late so make sure you eat something, yeah? There’s some leftover takeaway in the fridge.”
“Maybe not, but you’re the one who needs to go pick him up,” said Greg. “I’d stop at the bank if I were you.”
after romance? That can’t be it. Not after everything that had happened since the case ended. Not after last night. John is sure more than ever that their dinner and walk beneath the stars was meant to be a date. But if Sherlock felt the same way what was the point of calling the roses an experiment?
When he told Mummy that he wanted to stop playing because he would never make anything happen she stroked his hair and told him that what he could do wasn’t nothing - the wind would grow with him and would carry his music to the person he was fated to be with, and one day, when that person needed it the most, it would save their life.
John wants to say something along the lines of how every day with Sherlock is special but can’t figure out how to put it into words. Instead he adds, “and for taking care of me this week.”
Sherlock glances at John then directs his answer toward the flower between them, “It’s more of a social experiment. Or if you want to be more precise you could call it ‘an examination of the effect of symbolism on interpersonal relationships’.”
“John?” Sherlock stops, lips hovering millimeters from John’s pulse point, breath ghosting over his skin.
“John thinks she needs to spend more time with kids her age,” Sherlock said, then added, “He’s probably right.”
Sherlock shrugged and continued watching John. There was no point denying Molly’s implications but he couldn’t bring himself to look at her and see the pity in her eyes.
Sherlock nods, “I’ve been told it’s customary to bring flowers to a patient’s sickbed. Besides, I’ve already missed two days of the experiment. I’m not about to miss another.”
“You’re home early,” Sherlock remarked as John shrugged out of his coat. After the evening’s events he was not in the mood for conversation but Sherlock didn’t seem to take the hint.
Chapter 5: "Decorating", In which the inhabitants of 221B spend an evening making gingerbread houses.
It took him several tries to find the right key and he glanced around furtively before pulling the door open with a loud creak that sounded as if it had not been opened in many years.
He collapses onto the bed with a sigh then freezes as he breathes in. Apparently Sherlock decided to sleep up here while John was in his bed. John can smell the familiar scent of shampoo, musky cologne and
John glances between the rose and Sherlock as he sips his tea, wondering about the meaning of this specific flower. He hates the sinking feeling in his stomach as he imagines some faceless stranger, a ghost from the past, holding this flower in one hand and Sherlock’s hand in the other.
When Lestrade arrives Sherlock fills him in on their discovery with the air of a kid telling his parent he’s just won first place in the school science fair and seems a bit taken aback when Lestrade berates him for breaking and entering.
He gazed at the card wistfully. He had wanted kids. Maybe if his ex-wife hadn’t cheated on him repeatedly and blamed it on his busy schedule, or maybe if he’d had the courage to let her go sooner, he might have a family of his own to spend Christmas with.
“They talk but they don’t know anything. They call you mad, then call me crazy for sticking around. They think the only reason I’d stay is because I’m getting laid.”
That night John dreams about Sherlock. It’s not an unusual occurrence but it’s particularly awkward this time when he wakes up in Sherlock’s bed thoroughly aroused with the lingering image of Sherlock lying naked beside him, long thin fingers slowly caressing every inch of his body.
John continued walking for a few feet before he realized that Sherlock wasn’t beside him anymore. When he turned, Sherlock was no longer staring at his phone, but at John. An odd look crossed his face.
Mycroft returns his gaze to Sherlock who continues to glare at him, “Don’t worry, brother mine. I’m sure he’ll solve it soon.”
John cradled his mug of peppermint tea in his hands as he nudged open the door to the upstairs bedroom. Rosie was laying on her stomach surrounded by paper and crayons, writing her letter to Santa. She had insisted on writing it herself this year and John was both proud and a little sad about how quickly she was growing up.
“R-right,” he stammered, taking the rejected tie from Sherlock’s hands, their fingers brushing for the briefest of moments. “I’ll...just go and find it then.” He turned to head up the stairs to his bedroom, trying to steady his breathing.
“For Christ’s sake!” Lestrade says, slamming his cup down on the table, “It’s like dealing with a child. Either tell me you’ve got something new for us or go home. This isn’t your playroom.”
Sherlock nodded and pulled out a sketch of a coat that looked quite like his, except child-sized and with a wider flare at the bottom. It was clear he had put a lot of thought into this. He’d even attached a colour sample and a close up of certain details.
John thinks. He opens his laptop and pulls up the old searches. Luckily he’s been a bit lax about clearing his browser history though this means he has to sort through pages of strange searches from times when Sherlock couldn’t be arsed to walk an extra five feet to get his own laptop.
As I followed dazedly in his wake I brought my fingers to my mouth, trying to preserve the feeling of Holmes’s lips - surprisingly soft, with a lingering taste of tobacco. His actions, however, had not at all convinced me of the reality of our current situation, for I had indeed pictured such a thing before, though never in such vivid detail. But if this was indeed a dream, I was quite sure that I did not want to wake up.
So, this is pretty much based on my own first time skating. I’m a dancer, so people said it should be easy enough. Turns out, it’s really freaking hard. Like Sherlock, I got the hang of it eventually (after spending the first 15-20 minutes inching my way around the edge while my partner went zipping around the rink like he'd been doing it his whole life).
Greg froze. He’d known for a while that he was falling for Molly - that the amount of times and the ways in which she crossed his mind had reached beyond the normal boundaries of friendship. But knowing something and hearing it said aloud were two entirely different things.
What does Sherlock mean by 'social experiment'? As far as John knows, roses symbolize two things: sympathy and romance. Did someone die? No, that can’t be it. People are always dying of course, but the only ones they’ve heard of recently are lying in the morgue and Sherlock would be over the moon about interesting bodies, not buying flowers for them.
His therapist told him to get out and do something. Write. Reconnect with old friends. He couldn’t bring himself to tell her the only person he wanted to connect with was someone he had never met.
Her phone buzzed and she fished it out of her pocket reluctantly. No doubt it was Meena following up on her promise to set up an online dating profile for her.
He rose and turned to his collection of commonplace books and pulled out the volume containing the letter ‘T’.
“You made coffee,” John says, unsure what to make of this. The last time Sherlock made him coffee he’d found himself locked in a lab, terrified for his life.
He was absolutely amazing making sure I was okay. Though if I’m being completely honest I think he went a bit overboard. I doubt the hospital staff were too pleased to have him around. If any of them are reading this, I’d like to apologize for whatever he did or said while I was asleep.
When Sherlock doesn’t return by lunchtime John ventures out for a walk. He wanders aimlessly and as he passes a flower shop, decides he may as well pick out some roses to replace the ones from before the Garridebs case.
“From what I understand,” Sherlock continues, “three dates is the universally accepted minimum and by my calculation we’ve had at least three successful outings since this became official although the definition of what constitutes a date is still rather hazy since we always eat together anyway so I’m not entirely sure which meals were dates and which were just obligatory for human sustenance -”
When John simply glared at him in response Sherlock continued, “This inn is a popular spot for couples on holiday. Well, as popular as anywhere in a town this small can be, I suppose.”
When John had nearly finished a second lap Sherlock forced himself to tear his eyes away from his friend and tried again to imitate him. This time he made it a grand total of ten feet before ending up sprawled on the ice.
John was just getting ready to leave the clinic when his phone chimed with an incoming text. As he reached for it he heard another ping. Then another, and another.
“I’m going out,” he said, not meeting John’s eyes, “I’ll be back in the morning and we can take the first train out.”
Hello friends! Sorry for the slight delay with this chapter. I had some social obligations to attend to the past couple of days. But it's still Saturday in my timezone so
After all the years they’d spent celebrating Christmas together, Sherlock was convinced that John purposely chose the most festive jumpers at this time of the year because he knew how ridiculous Sherlock found them. If only he knew how desperately Sherlock wanted to bury himself inside those jumpers, how jealous he was of those strands of knitted wool for the way they were allowed to wrap themselves around John’s body.
He lifted the knocker to 221B and rapped twice on the door. A motherly woman emerged, introduced herself as Mrs. Hudson and asked if he was there to see Sherlock.
John was ready for the day to be over but his last patient, a middle aged woman who had come in for a sprained wrist, was trying to convince him that he would be a perfect match for her daughter who had just moved home after a year abroad.
Sherlock, of course had insulted two junior officers for their inability to immediately comprehend his rapid-fire explanation of the deductions that had led them to the abandoned warehouse, and had vanished as soon as Lestrade confirmed that the suspects were in custody. As often as he chastised Sherlock for the way he constantly insulted the Yarders, John had to agree with him today. Lestrade usually took their statements but he’d been pulled away to meet with the visiting Superintendent and the two officers who interviewed him this time took so long that it seemed intentional. They’d also spent a good ten minutes of the interview making not-so-subtle hints about the nature of his and Sherlock’s relationship.
Once the door shut behind him Holmes and I rushed forward. Even in our hurry I marveled at the band of Egyptian hieroglyphs that formed a border around the heavy bronze door.
John wakes to find a peach rose sitting on his bedside table. When did Sherlock sneak in to put it there? He hastily checks to make sure that all signs of his late night fantasy are hidden from view then heads downstairs bringing the rose with him.
For those of you who don't know, I totally ship Molly and Lestrade. She deserves better than whatever was going on in TFP and he deserves someone who won't cheat on him. Don't worry, we'll be back to our Baker Street boys later tonight. (or possibly tomorrow morning, depending on what time zone you live in.)
“It was just supposed to be a lead on Lestrade’s missing person case. I had no idea. Believe me, I never would have taken her.”
John casts one more glance outside to assure himself that they are alone then joins Sherlock behind a stack of boxes.
The other man crossed his arms. “Sure, Holmes might have cracked a few cases playing backyard detective but this sort of thing is a job for the police, not some freak with a science kit and a hard on for adventure.”
The holiday decorating in 221B was almost complete. Mrs. Hudson joined them for the finishing touches and snapped a few photos when Sherlock lifted Rosie onto his shoulders to place the star at the top of the Christmas tree.
John highly doubted it, but took the opportunity to scroll quickly through his messages. This had become a sort of accidental game over the past couple of years. At first John had found Sherlock’s near constant stream of texts when he was on a date infuriating, but somewhere along the line, Sherlock had figured out that instead of insulting John’s dates (which always backfired because John tended to dig his heels in just to spite him), he could send tantalizing hints of an interesting case to seduce John away from nearly any woman he happened to be seeing at the time.
“Why?” Sherlock asks, “You’re the one who invited me here in the first place today. And I haven’t finished sorting these yet.”
“It’s fine,” he said, extending his hand, half as an introduction, half to make sure that Sherlock was real, “It’s all fine.”
“You’ve got to stop going through my wardrobe.” John mutters as he shuffles off to the bathroom to change, though he has to admit that it’s much more efficient this way.
Sherlock seemed to be the only person in his village interested in science. Why build a machine to regulate temperature when the ice and fire players could do that easily enough? Still, there were a few teachers who were willing to tell him anything he wanted to know and who opened his eyes to things he never knew existed. Sherlock never cared that these people were among those shunned by society because they hadn't learned to properly play an instrument or harness their voice to control the elements.
Sherlock was surprised to realize he hadn’t. The moment he’d seen the corner of the plastic sticking out from under the pine cuttings, he’d known what would be beneath it and had been focused on getting back to Rosie. Curious reaction, he thought.
“I understand it’s not the usual way to do things,” Lestrade was saying, “but you can’t deny what an asset he’s been.”
In this manner they made their way around the rink, John breaking eye contact only to glance over his shoulder to check that their path was clear. Every once in awhile, Sherlock’s grip on John’s hands tightened as he steadied himself, but gradually he began to gain confidence.
“Come, Watson!” He raced down the passageway, surefooted as if he were running in broad daylight, pulling me along after him.
John sighs in relief when he confirms that his ankle has healed enough for him to limp up the stairs without assistance because having Sherlock touch him in any way right now would be more than just a “bit not good.”
John emerges from this memory for a moment. He still has that tie, though it had remained buried at the back of his drawer ever since.
“No, he’s more the classic rock sort,” Mycroft said with a smile, “But I’m sure he could put your other talents to use.”
Sherlock took the mug, but it was John’s words and this feeling of belonging that warmed him from the inside out, more than the silly flavoured tea. He knew they were both constantly walking a thin line between the thrill of adventure and making sure Rosie got to enjoy a proper childhood, but in this moment it felt like they would make this work.
“I assure you I do not,” Holmes said, “but there are questions that need to be answered - why, for instance did you feel the need to steal that set of keys currently residing in your left pocket and sneak into a tomb at midnight?”
“Social experiment, John. I thought certain biases might prompt a premature assumption which would result in an unfavorable reaction.”
Time always passes slowly when Sherlock goes into one of his silent spells but it’s even worse now that John can’t do anything to distract himself. He never realized how often he normally gets up to fetch something or other throughout the day. Sherlock seems happy enough to bring him whatever he needs but continues to ignore any attempts at conversation.
John slips through the alleys, hugging the walls. He knows Sherlock will be somewhere he can see the warehouse entrance. That is, if he hasn’t climbed inside to wait. After several minutes of creeping through the shadows John finds himself facing the warehouse with another set of buildings on his left and a steep embankment leading to the river on his right.
He proceeds to map out the entire itinerary of her evening, complete with a prediction about getting stuck in traffic on the way to the restaurant.
Sherlock waved him off. “Yes, him. Clearly he went on holiday. A poor attempt to salvage his failing romantic partnership. Anyhow, there was an 87% chance that the officers who arrived on the scene would be even more idiotic than his lot.”
John nodded. A part of him had always longed for the fairytale Christmas that holiday movies portrayed. Those warm family moments were missing from all but his earliest childhood memories and even those were tainted by the events of later years. Now that they had Rosie, he was even more determined to create traditions for them to celebrate together, giving her something she could look back on to remember how much her family loved her.
“That’s not the point!” John said. “I don’t want my daughter going around asking for a Christmas murder. People will get the wrong idea.”
“Yeah, but children her age are supposed learn about the solar system and how evaporation works, not how to identify the cause of death in a murder victim!”
The usual clutter of Sherlock’s experiments is absent from the table. In its place is a single rose. Granted, it’s in a graduated cylinder instead of a vase, but still. It seems almost ordinary, which is unusual in 221B.
“Yeah. Are you okay locking up by yourself? I’ve got to get Sherlock. The idiot managed to get himself arrested again.”
And he certainly doesn’t write about the softer, gentler expression that sometimes appears in these quiet moments that Sherlock spends organizing his mind palace. This smile spreads slower, is purer, remains longer than the others. No, John definitely keeps these things to himself.
“It’s supposed to report back to Santa every night to say if the kid’s been good. Then in the morning it moves to a different place.”
Sherlock looks up and John can see by the way his eyes dart across his face that he’s trying to deduce exactly what John means. He sees fear mingled with hope and knows that this is okay, more than just okay, but he also sees the doubt that creeps into Sherlock’s eyes. There was never any logic when it came to their relationship and though Sherlock has been doing so much better lately, John knows he still has trouble knowing whether his memories and perceptions are fact or fiction. He needs Sherlock to understand now, no ambiguity or chance for misinterpretation.
Anyway, I ended up writing this chapter because if my friends with kids tell me one more time about how they forgot to “move the damn elf” I’m gonna give them a single sock for Christmas and tell them to set the “damn elf” free. (If anyone doesn’t get that reference, 10 points from Gryffindor.)
They both smiled fondly at it, drinking in the festive chatter around them. Other parents greeted them and made the usual small talk as they came up to search for their own child’s ornament.
“It’s just...I don’t know what’s real anymore. I can’t trust my memory. Victor was my best friend but I forgot he ever existed. How could I have done that?”
Why are you people so interested in my experiments all of a sudden? It’s not like you cared about the tobacco ash or blood coagulation. Didn’t anyone notice that I solved a double murder AND counterfeit case all in one go?
He hears soft footsteps behind him and turns to see John standing in the doorway, holding a single red rose.
John heard the DI’s muffled voice through the phone. Something about a string of robberies in Hampstead. He buried his face in his hands.
“For...for the experiment, I mean. Sherlock’s experiment,” he stammers, “with the roses, you know. I just thought...I mean the old ones needed replacing so-”
He came to a stop in front of a cafe and blinked in awe. He could hear the music. It wasn't just in his head or floating on the wind, audible to him alone. Passersby glanced up to where the rise and fall of the song drifted through the open window above him.
Sherlock waves his hand dismissively then turns away to rearrange the roses on the table. He lapses into silence and John eventually gives up and goes back to reading.
Then one summer day John felt the wind whip up around him, encircling him with an overwhelming sense of loss unrelated to the relief he’d been feeling about the end of the school term. The music swelled as it spoke of heartbreak and memories and John felt tears that were not his own slide down his face. Without thinking he reached his hands into the gale.
Sherlock’s eyes flew open and he reached for his phone, then paused when he saw the time and remembered it was his turn to pick Rosie up from school. He considered for a moment.
Sherlock was looking at the single red rose on the table with an expression of distaste and a bit of confusion, waiting for John’s answer.
Eventually he gives up trying to convince Mrs. Hudson that he’ll be moving back upstairs and allows her to redecorate the bedroom, though he persuades her to keep the patterned wall paper contained to one wall. The idea of being surrounded by dozens of airborne pachyderms is a bit alarming.
Sure enough when he enters the living room of 221B, Sherlock is curled up on the sofa, back to the door, clad in pyjamas and dressing gown, his bare feet tucked up under the cushion.
made it unavoidable. But they’ve never actually slept in the same bed. John had made sure of that, even if it meant curling up on the floor if Sherlock decided to sleep. It wasn’t that he didn’t want to, quite the opposite. It was because he was afraid of what he might do if he found himself in bed with Sherlock and even more terrified of the rejection that would inevitably follow.
Sherlock sighs in annoyance and stalks over to the sink, dropping his dishes in with an alarming clatter.
John usually took about 45 minutes to get ready for a night out, but he’d been in such a rush that he hadn’t even bothered to check the flat for new experiments (and fresh damage) like he normally did when Sherlock was left alone without a case for too long. That meant he had maybe half that amount of time before he had to leave.
Sherlock slowly raises his head and stares at John, drinking in the sight of him, memorizing the exact color of his eyes in the dim light from the streetlamps below, the swoop of his hair, the way he bites his lip as he thinks, the fraying hem of the old shirt he wears to bed.
John shrugged, his shoulder brushing against Sherlock’s as he did, “It was usually different adventures we wanted to go on, people we liked, that sort of thing.”
Sherlock picks at a stray thread on his sleeve. “If I had just stayed in the car you wouldn’t have come looking for me.”
After wandering the streets for several hours without any sign of Robbie Ross, Holmes and I settled in to rest under one of the many bridges spanning the Thames. The number of unfamiliar structures alone made me wonder exactly how many years had passed, if indeed we had somehow traveled into the future. As fantastic as it seemed, I found myself accepting Holmes’s claim as fact while the sounds of the city rumbling around us lulled me to sleep.
Sherlock gave a sharp nod and waited as John tried to figure out how to express just how much he didn’t mind having Sherlock in his bed without scaring him off. In the end he gave up and settled for commenting on Greg and Molly’s new closeness during the party. Sherlock shrugged it off, saying it was inevitable and began rearranging the stack of presents Molly had left under the tree.
Sherlock thought it was rather appropriate that this happened to be the longest night of the year because he was certain it would never end. His eyes kept straying toward John, hoping to get a hint as to what he’d been about to say before everyone had arrived, but John was laughing with Mrs. Hudson about something or other, while Rosie showed Greg the gingerbread town they had built.
Instead his song morphed into something of his own composition, alternating between a call for Redbeard to come back to him and a flurry of sound meant to drown out the world. He barely noticed the wind whipping frantically around him, didn’t hear Mummy and Daddy calling for him through the trees. What he did hear was a quiet voice floating back on the wind telling him everything would be alright.
After lunch Sherlock returns to his slides. The previous roses still take up a large portion of the table and John begins to wonder if they’re just a byproduct of Sherlock’s usual curiosity despite what he said about a “social experiment”. Maybe he’s examining pollen samples or something. John feels a flash of disappointment at this thought but a second later Sherlock waves him over and tells him to have a look. John peers through the eyepiece and sees a sample of paper fibres.
“Doing alright, John?” Lestrade asks while Sherlock makes a show of clearing a space to lay the rose on the bedside table.
John would also know that what Sherlock wanted after a case was Chinese food from the place around the corner. John knew more about him than anyone else, save perhaps Mycroft, but even he could never know how Sherlock truly felt.
Lestrade wastes no time getting a warrant for the warehouse and a couple of hours later they’re standing outside the old building at 136 South River Road. Lestrade is practically bouncing on the balls of his feet with the anticipation of closing not just one, but two big cases.
After wrapping a few presents for Harry, Molly, and Mrs. Hudson, John peeked over Rosie’s shoulder again and saw that she’d completed her own wishlist and had moved on to requests for other people.
“Apparently I was at the clinic that day and you decided it would be a good idea to take Rosie along on the investigation,” John said, “I meant to ask you about that.”
He hesitates for a second then rests his arm across Sherlock’s shoulders. Sherlock finally looks up, perhaps surprised by this new closeness.
It didn’t matter what they thought. Sherlock did have someone to confide in, someone who seemed to know him better than he knew himself. The more he played his violin the more the connection to his mysterious friend grew and the returning breeze was fueled with feelings of adrenaline and purpose.
hallucination? I distinctly remember things going shaky in that tomb. Perhaps something happened and I’m lying concussed in the dark with the predictions of the future you’re so fond of expounding coming to life in my head.”
By the time he got outside though, Sherlock was nowhere to be seen. John had half a mind to turn around and head straight back to Baker Street, maybe have a cuppa and a few minutes of quiet before Sherlock came swirling in, ranting about the incompetence of everyone in the criminal justice system. Instead he began walking toward the courthouse, fully aware that the way he continued to follow Sherlock like a dutiful puppy was the reason people assumed he was either crazy or in love.
This was originally going to be way more angsty but I just couldn't bring myself to do that right now. So, hopeful it is.
Sherlock gazed at him in amazement. He hadn’t dared to dream it would work but the music on the wind had reached John, had brought him home. Mummy had been right all those years ago. His person, the one his music had saved, the one who had saved him, was really there. Finally John was standing in front of him and Sherlock had no idea what to do.
“Would you rather have spent the night in jail?” John snapped, “You may as well have. We’ve missed the train anyway, not to mention dinner."
“I know, right?” the girl said, misreading his reaction, “all these probabilities and statistics. I don’t know why they’re calling for an early election. Does it make any sense to you?”
It’s rather telling when Sherlock doesn’t scoff at the insinuation that he’s a child who needs a bedtime story and instead remains silent as he slides into bed. John smooths the covers over him and has to stop himself from running a hand through Sherlock’s hair and kissing his forehead, the way he does with Rosie.
Despite this, John couldn’t stop himself from bursting out laughing at Sherlock’s horrified expression.
When the foot traffic around him changes from afternoon commuters into couples holding hands on their way to dinner Sherlock turns toward Baker Street and resigns himself to another quiet evening while John does...whatever it is he’s been doing.
The table was set. Twinkling lights were draped over the tree and the majority of the room. Their guests were set to arrive any minute.
John stopped abruptly and gave him an odd look, “That’s not why I’m upset, Sherlock. It’s that they think the whole thing is a joke. When I want – ”
This new arrangement seems to help though. Something about John’s presence in his bed allows Sherlock’s mind to relax. He seems moderately well-rested now, if not completely at ease, and for that John is grateful.
“Well, I already got my gifts from Santa when I was your age and now he’s going to come and give presents to you.”
The five minute walk over wakes John up a bit. Sherlock is a bundle of anxious energy, muttering to himself and striding down the pavement, coat billowing out behind him. After a careful check to make sure the area is deserted, Sherlock forces the window open and they pull themselves inside.
Holmes’s eyes slid shut as he pressed his fingertips together. He remained silent for several minutes in which time Queensberry turned to me as if to make a wordless appeal. But even if I had felt inclined to sympathize with his plight I knew Holmes would do as he saw fit regardless of any prompting from me.
Lestrade motions to his team to continue securing the unconscious prisoner then jogs over to them. John smiles feebly up at him and Sherlock repeats his request for an ambulance.
Finally Holmes nudged me and I looked up to see a slender silhouette making its way swiftly across the grass. We followed at a distance, ducking in and out of the trees. Eventually we came to a clearing near the center of the cemetery in the middle of which stood an impressive twenty foot high mausoleum made of granite. Its peak resembled a pyramid which towered over the rest of the grave markers surrounding it and I was so intent in taking the sight in that I nearly missed the young man pull a set of keys from his pocket.
Don’t know if anyone caught the hint I tried to sneak in but John was totally wearing his “date shoes” (see ASiB) and Sherlock definitely noticed. And Orion is seriously the only constellation I can find easily so I figured it would be a good starting point for Sherlock if he's learning about stars because John says it's important.
John chuckles and leans back against Sherlock’s arm, taking in the patch of sky and the twinkling stars. Sherlock continues to stare up at the sky for several minutes and it strikes John once again how very like a child Sherlock can be with his pure fascination with the world around him.
Greg sighed. Molly was right; it might take a miracle for the two of them to admit their feelings for one another but that didn’t mean he couldn’t try.
Finally he settled on telling Rosie about one year when he and Harry were little. They’d ended up going to their Aunt’s house up north and, upon discovering she owned a pair of huskies, tied their leashes to the front of a sled and tried sliding down the hill. They’d managed to get about 10 feet before the sled rolled sideways and the dogs broke free and ran back to the house. They’d gotten quite a scolding but, once that was over, discovered that the dogs were good partners for playing hide and seek.
Sherlock’s back was turned to the door but he heard John place something on the bedside table and take a seat at the edge of the bed.
He must have dozed off because the next thing he knew, the soft sounds of a holiday television programme filled the room and John was sitting on the other end of the couch.
She blushed and Sherlock watched as her eyes strayed to the other side of the room where Greg was building a lego tower with Rosie.
“I think it was something to do with being hidden. Like our secrets were safe, as if everything said under those branches would stay there. It’s the lights too, I think. You stare at them long enough and everything else fades away and you begin to believe that anything is possible.”
“You’re deflecting.” Sherlock says, “That means I’m right. And also that it’s someone we know. But who - ”
“It’s a toy, Sherlock,” he said as he considered a plush snowman with large front teeth, “Let it go.”
Still, now that it was the three of them, John couldn’t help wondering. Sherlock had embraced his role as a second parent in Rosie’s life, but what exactly did it mean about their relationship? There were “nontraditional” family structures, and then there was them. He wasn’t sure how many more times he could stand correcting people who mistook them for a couple when all he really wanted was for it to be true.
“Glad to see you’ve fixed the Met’s abysmal response time to home invasion reports. Too bad you can’t speed up the process of getting a warrant.”
“Fine. That’s Orion the hunter. His knee,” he points again, “is called Rigel even though the name actually means ‘foot’. Betelgeuse is his armpit and he has no head for some reason. Trace a path down to the left and you have the brightest star in the sky - Sirius, the dog star, though if you ask me Canis Major looks more like a headless stickman. Utterly ridiculous, but there you go.”
At first he had wondered if he was going mad. After all, he’d first felt the connection the day they buried Redbeard and once the grief had subsided he thought perhaps the presence that had taken up residence in his mind was his old friend coming back to him.
Sherlock nods. His eyes flick down toward John’s feet and he smiles then leads the way down the stairs.
“John,” Sherlock’s voice sounded odd, there was a bit of an echo as if he were in an empty room. “Can you meet me?”
After tucking her in, he came back downstairs to find Sherlock still adding details to his house - a neatly scalloped pattern on the roof, and delicate icicles dripping from the eaves. John took a seat beside him. It was like watching an artist work, forming a scene out of nothing.
But at that moment a loud ring sounded from Sherlock’s pocket. They both jumped and John reluctantly let go of Sherlock’s hand as he reached for his phone. Sherlock glared at the screen but answered anyway.
“How do you -” Lestrade begins, then shakes his head, “Never mind. No, they didn’t remove anything else.”
Special shout out for those of you who stuck with this story from the beginning. This was my first time posting fic so reading your kind words and seeing those kudos notifications along the way was so encouraging. Thank you, thank you, thank you.
Three days after returning home from the hospital John is still sleeping in the downstairs bedroom. Sherlock had insisted, saying it was utterly ridiculous for John to overexert himself, going on to cite the likelihood of re-injury in patients who try to get back on their feet too soon and the number of people who are hospitalized yearly by falling down the stairs.
Holmes shook his head and took the pouch from my hands, exchanging it for the newspaper the girl had left behind.
“I’m not your valet,” John grumbled but accepted the bag anyway. Sherlock began texting in earnest once both hands were free.
If only there was a way to start over, a reset button he could press that would take him back to that first night at Angelo’s.
John bit his lip. He hadn’t realized Rosie had witnessed his outburst yesterday when his laptop crashed for the third time that week. He was sure it had something to do with Sherlock borrowing it while working on a case last month that sent him trawling through more than a few dubious websites.
John isn’t sure if this means that Sherlock is sleeping on the couch or if he’s decided to forego sleep altogether in favor of a new experiment. He doesn’t argue, nor does he admit that he would happily remain in Sherlock’s bed until he either kicks John out or joins him. If he’s being honest, he’s hoping for the latter.
He taps his screen again and over his shoulder John sees a photo of the closed up locksmith’s business they had circled the day before.
John knew he should be too old to still believe his mum’s fairy tales about otherworldly music and soulmates but that knowledge didn’t stop the hauntingly beautiful melody from reaching his ears. The strings told a tale of loneliness and fading hope and John felt like a cheating spouse caught in the act and knew that he could never love Sarah the way she deserved.
John cringed. He should know by now to have extra cash on hand any time Sherlock was summoned to appear in court but he was low on funds until his next paycheck.
“My dear fellow, have I ever talked of women with rainbow coloured hair?” Holmes asked as one walked past our hiding place.
It had taken Sherlock no more than an hour to deduce that the swaps had been done as part of an experiment by a scientist studying the behavioral and social patterns of sheep, and by the time they’d managed to track him to a condemned property, it was still only mid-afternoon. But of course, Sherlock had to go and be Sherlock, which resulted in him being arrested along with the sheep scientist under suspicion of collusion and trespassing. So instead of enjoying a nice dinner, John found himself arguing with the local police force, trying to convince them that Sherlock was more help than harm. He suspected Sherlock’s constant stream of deductions about the arresting officer hadn’t helped his case.
“One of these days you’re going to prove everyone wrong,” Sherlock said, “You’re going to find a girl, hopefully one who isn’t intolerably dull, get married, and put all the rumors to rest.”
“Oh,” Greg said, feeling his heart sinking a bit, “I didn’t realize you - Is he coming to the party?”
Sherlock flung his arms around Redbeard’s neck and pressed his cheek against the greying muzzle, unable to accept that his best friend would never open his eyes, would never lead him on adventures again.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, then turned and strode out the front door without a backwards glance. It was a mark of how common this occurrence was that Evans turned to John instead of calling for the guard to stop him.
There was something in his tone that made Sherlock turn to look at him. John’s face was flushed, though that could be the alcohol, he reasoned. John always bit his lip when he was nervous. But maybe it was just Sherlock’s idiotic confession that had him on edge. But John’s hand was still on his wrist. Sherlock shifted their grasp so he could feel John’s pulse. Elevated.
The next evening found the pair of them at the outdoor rink in Hyde Park. They rented skates and made their way over to the ice.
At this, John turns toward the roses on the table and sees that a white one was added overnight. His movement does not go unnoticed by Mycroft who follows his gaze, raises an eyebrow, then looks from John to Sherlock.
John slipped into the bathroom and took longer than was strictly necessary, hoping Sherlock would be in bed, feigning sleep by the time he returned but when he emerged, Sherlock was still standing near the door, examining the different figurines on the mantelpiece. He hadn’t removed his coat.
So Sherlock went to check it out. He wasn’t able to get into the building so he went poking around in the area nearby and that’s when he found Davies. Dead. Tucked away in a corner of Hyde Park in a shallow grave covered by a large pile of pine branches. Oh, and he was frozen solid.
“122 years into the future, yes.” Holmes said in a low voice, “And I’m not sure it’s wise to advertise that fact until we can learn more about our situation.”
“Oh, hello,” she said to Sherlock, then glanced back and forth between him and John, “So this is your -”
John nodded. More than anything else at this time of year, he missed Harry. They had been so close as children but now he was lucky if they talked twice a year.
John glanced at Rosie and was struck once again by how quickly time flew when you had a young child. Sure, he and Sherlock had hundreds of photos of her on their phones, but it wasn’t quite the same.
