Tony taps twice over the table; two fingers up and down and up and down, a little over the edge and he says, “They were murdered.”
“I threw you across the room,” Steve informs in that same disconnected voice. Tony catches his free hand and gives it a squeeze, albeit weakly. Steve’s hand starts to shake.
“I love you,” he tells Tony, first and foremost. Because that, is the truth. And important. Then, “All those things you said? Tony. I want them too. I've been wanting them for a very long time. But I need you in my life in whatever way I can have you and if it would only be as my friend, then I was happy to accept it. But, Tony. Trust me. I do. I do want everything with you. And more."
Rhodey nods back, a sigh echoing his trail as he exits the room, leaving Tony alone, feeling stripped naked to the last inch of his skin.
“Close the door, please.” He murmurs, and Steve does, eyes still not leaving Tony; darting between his face and the reactor in his chest.
He’s more focused on Steve’s face. The soft way in which kitchen lights highlight his features against the jarring shade of red below his neck.
His shoulders shake too, as Steve gazes, entranced, until Tony leaves his hand on his heart to poke at his side, and he joins in with the giggle.
It’s Tony, looking like he’d just stepped out of a business meeting half-way across the world, hopped on his private jet and returned to Steve.
Tony hides a snort behind his mug, amused by Steve’s expression. “You don’t approve?” he asks, picking at a lone thread hanging off of Steve’s right sleeve.
Wakanda houses ridiculously advanced level of technology. Their nanotech is incredibly advanced that it puts Tony’s latest ones to shame.
“You brought it up,” Tony chuckles. “And no, Pepper. Not already.” He adds, because she is tapping incessantly on her flute, not so discreetly displaying her impatience.
So when Steve bucks upwards once with a shudder and tips them over onto the couch, he goes smugly and eager.
He brings another hand to push Tony’s hair back from his face – pausing doubtfully for a second, then braving on, touching his skin with Tony’s skin – and he carefully presses his palm over Tony’s cheek and ear, thumb tentatively brushing under Tony’s eye as Tony closes them,
Even if it’s only one night a week when Tony’s exposed to Steve, it’s enough for a group of spies and super-people to catch on to the drift and soon, they’ve all been dropping teasing remarks here and there, meaningful eyes and gestures.
“A match, Mr Stark. Your soul and the Captain’s are the perfect match and whichever path you take with this knowledge, I strongly suggest you don’t mess around with what has been sealed with power beyond our abilities to wield. A match when broken, invites the worst calamity, while a match, united, may hold the key to peace.”
Tony keeps his eyes fixed on him, his thoughts on the sweet taste of Natasha’s scent on his tongue and he says, “He almost died because of me.”
They’re lame; could be better. But it’s past midnight in some unregistered region on earth and they’re tired from fighting his own creation, tired of arguing; it's a picket fence farm with children and everything feels like fairy dreams here.
“We’re not – Who said – No. I didn’t get back in – It’s not like that.” He stammers, face heating up as Rhodey stares at him.
“Explain.” Pepper sits back. Propping her foot back on Tony’s lap, finger dabbing carefully at the tears brimming her mascara donned eyes.
There’s no definite beginning or endings for their fucked-up equation; Tony is also tired of trying to figure them out.
He'd already fought himself - burnt his own illicit desires to keep them alive - and he can do it again.
He ponders what to say to that and decides to just leave it be. It’s not like he hates to, he just… he’s not there yet.
For all those times he hated Steve Rogers for abandoning to pick himself up all by himself, he forgot that Rogers once
This has been his idea after all. He’ll like to know as soon as possible if he had fucked everything up for her.
He realises that he doesn’t miss it. The realisation soothes something sharp and twang within him, and he holds on to that feel, smiling at Wilson who’s the only one here and now, putting some effort to make an indent to the mountain of popcorns balanced precariously on his lap.
She pulls away with a laugh. “We should really spend more time together, Tony Stark. I have a good feeling, we’ll get-on well.”
“If SHIELD brings this up to the council, I’m gonna sell you out,” Rhodey warns seriously, but Tony knows it’s an empty threat.
Tony rolls his eyes from where he’s plastered next to Steve on the love seat. Mumbles something to Friday so the call is now expanded to conference.
“I got blue eyes and blonde hair,” Steve shrugs and it’s lame; Tony knows what he’s doing, knows it’s working, but it’s not like he’s fighting against Steve’s efforts, anyway.
you’ve forgotten, like putting on that favourite piece of shirt and feeling that familiar pattern of embroidery where your hand always reaches habitually for (and until then you don’t realise that this roughness was what your skin sought to feel every time it brushed the other fabrics that had sat on your body).
T’Challa sits on one seat diagonally away from him and if Tony thought they were already talking before, it’s nothing compared to when T’Challa starts; all serious and enthralling.
It’s Tony’s turn to appreciate the floor now. He taps incessantly over the reactor, not even aware he’s doing it. Digging his nails into his palms, he tries valiantly for a smile, focused on Steve’s bare feet.
After he’d recovered from the shock of finding Tony, passed out on a puddle of his own vomit, floor littered with shards of glasses and broken furniture; aftermath of yet another outrageously reckless night of partying with all the pretties in Cali.
What used to be dubbed as forced bonding – Tony realises with a calm clarity – is now simply a harmless get together, nothing forced there about it.
Six months after the New York Battle, Tony gets a call from Fury which he promptly dismisses. And another and another and - “Mute.”
Tony suspects Steve must have brought up their private little investigation, and he’s miffed, but he nods along.
How he had eased himself into his second chance (probably the last of the numerous second chances) at life.
Usually, Pepper would have opinions and that means she would be bursting to say something, but not this time.
After Tony prattled away about his adventure to Wakanda with as much filtered information he can manage, she munches around a paneer tikka and asks him casually, “Did you see Steve?”
When the last note ended, he opened his eyes not knowing when he’d closed them and he looked at Tony. Tony’s already looking at him, a wan smile on his face and he looked exhausted in the night light.
“We all are. It’s not a sound decision if you make any now. Go home. Rest. I’ll call you later. It’s an order.”
It’s barely a walk to their destination. Steve stops by at one of the fruit stalls to buy some apples and oranges and,
They work in silence until all the dishes are stored back, the counter’s wiped clean and with one last look at the kitchen, Steve offs the lights and they walk down the hallway to their respective rooms in the dark.
Except Pepper hugs him and apologizes during their dinner that night and Tony finds it hard to swallow down burning tears.
He knows what he’s doing. A distraction. He’s digressing from their current topic which focuses on him, and that’s a bad old habit.
They talk about everything including Iron Man and the Avengers gig except for one single man, and fuck, does it stand out.
The surrealism of the current situation is where they’re located; in the dining hall, laptop and phones propped on the table. Anyone can walk in.
Tony’s eyes widen with delight. “Wow,” he whispers again. “I’m in awe. This is amazing. I’m gonna need a tubful of these. Also, very touched. I’m impressed. Did I say thank you, yet? Thank you. Also, I’m pretty sure this is all you and a
His forehead presses solidly against Tony’s and he keeps his eyes open – bright blue, the prettiest shade, the
Tony drops his gaze to the sinews along Steve’s forearm. The way each muscle and their tendons flex and extend.
Bruce’s frowning, one flavour packet held in each hand as he tries to decide which one to put into the molten sugar while Tony sits with Natasha at the dining table, watching the end of Wanda’s cardigan disappearing down the hallway.
“You never stopped.” Tony repeats breathily, pulling his own hands from the pockets and pressing them over his face.
and that should have maybe warned him. Tony itched, but he never asked. He called Bucky and made sure he knew he loves him, made sure he took his meals, made sure he went down to the communal area so he hung out with his friends and not stayed cooped in the room only. He sent photos and on a whim, a few postcards which would reach later than he already did but -
Tony’s clad in a crumpled suit, dosed more in pheromones and sweat than his perfume with prickly stubble poking between his meticulously trimmed beard that desperately need a shave.
Tony catches Natasha’s eyes fleeting away in shame, to what, he learns as he catches Barnes’ falling away from Bruce, then discreetly landing on Natasha before he too excuses himself from the table.
Later, when they do cross over that bridge, she’ll admit that she was wrong to mention him so early in their sessions.
and as soon as his actions register, he has to stop and regroup himself; his emotions more so than his thoughts.
He stops, suddenly so unsure of himself as reality begins sinking in, questions start swirling, doubts - now that the panic has resided leaving shock in its aftermath.
“Jesus.” he jumps, well past midnight, a few days after he’d returned, in the penthouse kitchen, in the middle of his supply raid (because Pepper pulled her rights and cut direct deliveries to the shop).
Bucky blinks then, a slow smile spreads across his face, eyes twinkling with sadistic joy and he grins, “Stevie told me what you did. Said you didn’t spare even one.”
Tony grabs her by the shoulders, he doesn’t want to hear what more medical words she has to throw on him. He says what he needs her to do: “Save him.”
“You say that now, but you’ll forget all about us when you get there,” Sam jabs his spoon at her grumpily. “You’ll be all about partying with the younglings there all day all night.”
“What did Steve mean?” Rhodey bugs him but Tony thinks he’s going to hold onto that just for the heck of it.
Peggy Carter is lucid. Sometimes, not so. But she recognizes Tony and twists his ear for missing her birthday.
Tony turns away, unable to look at her with the amount of damage he’d inevitably caused her in his selfish attempt to seek death.
Because when he opens his eyes, Steve’s watching him. Unabashed, like he’s entitled too and Tony… he finds himself not minding that even a bit. He thinks he’ll do that too if it was the other way around.
Tony doesn’t want to, but at this point, there is literally nothing he wouldn’t do for Pepper Potts.
He assumes Barnes will be around there too. Stuck by their hips now that they’ve settled their little crush issue; Tony’s lips quiver, threatening to smile and he allows, liberating the muscles that keep them taught and forbidding.
without him, Stark. This is not my place to say but I’m not sorry for all that I’ve already said. I just want you both to be happy.”
“I know.” Steve rubs at his face. “I just – I hope I can help her one way or another. At least give her a how to manual or something.”
They missed a note. Tony picked it up for him. Steve turned his head, nose pressing into Tony’s cheek and he insisted, “You should go to sleep.”
It’s not Steve’s fault per say, it's just, the way Tony’s wired when it comes to Steve Rogers apparently.
Someone wolf-whistles - Tony gathers it’s Wilson - since only him and Steve are there beside Tony. Opening the bag, Tony directs a glare at Steve who winces out a soft apology.
“Oh, please Mr Stark. Nothing stays below my radar.” He can feel her roll her eyes across the Pacific.
Doesn’t matter. Tony wants to be Bucky’s; rolls a gold band up his ring finger to deliver that point to the entire world and if that is his wish then Bucky gladly lets him have it. Slips a ring up Tony’s finger in return and he kisses ‘forever’ into Tony’s mouth.
But Rhodey only raises an eyebrow while Natasha smiles a tiny smile and Tony (and Barnes too, by the look of it) couldn’t really give a fuck so, they each pull a chair (which also ends up being next to each other) and sit through dinner in easy silence.
Then why!? He wants to wail. Why are you – Why are we like this? What is happening? What’s going on? – So many questions and he stops to think because he’d learned from the past that when it comes to Tony Stark, he cannot be rash. He needs to properly assess every angle, consider every option before he opens his mouth.
“I’ve got to answer Pepper,” he blurts out, already stepping away from them; separating himself, and Natasha’s frown and Steve’s disappointed gaze accompanies him all the way to the workshop where he collapses on the couch.
Not now; when they’ve just crusted over and if he peels off the dead skin, they won’t bleed, but they’ll be pinkish. And they still throb. Late at night.
A frantic horror dawns across his big purplish eyes as Thor picks up the gauntlet and cries in pain while snapping and–
Never stopped. Through the pain, the emptiness, and it’s with a bleeding void; like that time when Steve’s shield met his reactor and his heart burst into nothing.
Tony leaves the glasses in the sink and moves to the living room. “I’m fine. Startled. But, fine.” He insists. “Are you staying over?” There’s a lilt to his question, an accidental giveaway; hopeful.
He also doesn’t miss the non-alcoholic champagne or the celebratory spread. It doesn’t feel a lot like a celebration when there’s nothing to celebrate anymore.
It makes his skin itch and his blood whoosh up to his brain and everywhere else. He realises his fingers have started shaking and he clenches them all into fists and thrusts them into his pants’ pocket.
“And you put a fierce fight over that.” He smirks, old memories sweeping to the forefront. “Still do!” he points a finger at Steve.
But outside, the Central Park’s trees are unearthed and the echo of screams of hundreds of civilians’ grate at his thought stream and he presses the button before he can strategize his approach plan.
He opts for silence for the first two sessions, strongly arguing that saying nothing could bring no harm to either until she points out that, “Not if you’re in the middle of a battle.”
“Urgh.” The teen grunts and Tony smiles, sensing an exaggerated eye roll across the ocean. “Tried. Got turned down twice. She’s so hot I’ll probably try again just to hear all the creative ways she can turn me down.”
He gets a dubious look and a delicious flirty smile in return. “Why do I feel like you already know her?” Steve asks in a low rasp.
“Because I -,” Steve pauses, the fury with which he opened his mouth initially getting tempered as Steve stops and recollects himself, breathing deep.
It wouldn’t have hurt if they never had ever become as close friends as they had, but they did, and now it just hurts.
With one hand, he frees the tiny wrench from Tony’s grip while he holds Tony’s head to his mouth with the other, pressing a kiss and he combs his hair back, leaning away, looking into Tony’s eyes when a shiver wrecks down Tony’s spine.
“How is it any different from when I bark at you?” Tony asks, squinting at him through the glasses. He’s curious but also a little annoyed about the biased reaction.
“Leave it be,” Steve’s voice is soft, his fingers gentle when they pry away Tony’s. “I know what you’re doing,” he tells him.
Tony watches him enter the kitchen, followed briefly by Natasha; they wash and rinse in silence. Then they too, leave with a murmured set of goodnights.
“I can feel her.” He says, when Tony casually asks him what’s with the ‘freezing’ when it comes to Wanda.
With that answered, he waves them all goodbye and exited himself, saving himself an explanation to Nick Fury.
“What the fuck is wrong with him?” Rhodey comes back with a sour look on his face, gaze fixed on Steve nuzzling into Tony’s neck.
Shivering, he glides his hand from Bucky's nape to the side of his neck, and he yanks him close until their foreheads press. “They can’t touch you now," he whispers into the small space in between them.
Tony wonders what his problem is with Tony. That even after that poorly exchanged apology, he seems to withdraw to himself whenever Tony’s in vicinity. Is he scared of Tony? Is he scared of himself around Tony?
He turns off the tap. His fingers chilled from the cold water. In the end, he tips the full glass over and watches as the water spirals down the drain.
Somewhere between Howard’s fist and Maria’s ignorance, he’d heard his heart crack for the first time and subsequent second that ever since then he’d stopped counting the number of fracture lines running down there.
“Not without you,” Tony murmured, close to his ear, hot breath brushing Steve’s cheek and Steve leaned into his arm.
An eyebrow perks up high on Tony’s forehead. “Is that a crush, Princess?” He teases, wiping the leaf before pocketing it.
Tony snorts, "That's 1991, honey. Now I just bathe in credit cards. Not very comfortable which makes me want design them to -
When Tony goes back to the Compound on Saturday, she pushes a pretty cup of purple tea with a single pea flower floating on it. He drinks it and she tucks a fresh daisy behind his ear as she whispers her apology.
Pepper slaps his back hard, a number of times until his coughing fit recedes and she offers him her glass of water.
“Do you imagine making out with me often?” There’s a leer to his smile, hidden behind mischief and pure Steve-ness and Tony leans in to taste it.
She sucks in a breath. “Then I lost him, and… I was alone again; the only destructive variant among the saviours.” She smiles wetly.
He sees that in the way her jaw stays clenched, even as she looks like she’s watching the TV, even as every inch of her other muscles are soft and relaxed, Tony knows her enough to read her like a book now.
Tony stops breathing, one hand fisting by his side – nails digging into his palm – while the other holds onto the phone wanting to snap it into half only if that means he could escape going through this part at all.
But the shy smile that tugs at the corner of his trembling lips – under his tear glazed eyes and dully flushed cheeks - is so fucking worth it that Tony does it again.
“It’s different with you,” he says, squinting at the new shade of red before looking at Tony. Tony shrugs acceptably.
Rhodey chokes on orange juice, spits it all over the coffee table and Tony groans in disgust. “Exactly,” Rhodey says. “You’re emoting what I feel.”
He introduces someone named Jean Grey and Hank McCoy; one a red-haired female who reminded Tony of… well, Wanda, except more matured and wiser.
It immediately reminds him of a certain someone and Tony may be present, but nothing in him is ready to
Ten minutes later, Tony climbs onto the bed and shuffles closer to Steve. “I’m holding you accountable for this,” he points at his half-erection.
Wanda retires early; Wilson and Rhodey choosing to hang out with Scott Summers and his boisterous gang at the lounge; beers, cards and whatever else.
“You’re scary,” Tony tells him when Steve demands he finishes both blueberries and a banana before their journey ends.
She pauses, but she doesn’t pull. Her thumb gives a single brush over his cheekbone and she answers, “You are just as important as Steve is to me. You’re both my family, my boys. And I only want my family to be happy.”
Acting quick, Tony grabs his face the instant Steve opens his mouth, and puts a stop to whatever he’s going to say by kissing the life out of him.
Simply fixes his stare on long, thick fingers curled around his own nimble ones and brings them up once more.
“Us?” Steve swallows. Eyes darting away from Tony, fixing onto a faraway wall where Barnes used to sit.
But he’d always cared more. He’d always worried more even when he didn’t want to. So he told Tony; whispered them to him, “You should go to sleep.”
First board meeting since 2016 and his brand-new mindset is still fragile from the hell they’ve been through; it’s only been a month out.
He allows himself; in the dusk of November, mist sparkling like diamonds on the neatly trimmed lawn beneath his dress shoes, a bright crescent overhead while crickets chirp in the distance; he allows himself to have that tiny stretch of smile in honour of love - that have wronged him many times in many ways.
Bucky seems to read him well. He takes the mug away and catches his empty hand before bringing it to his chest. Then he places it over exactly where that wound had been last week; bleeding viscous blood all over them and when Tony looks up at him, desperate and scared like he was that day, he assures, “I’m fine. Still alive.”
He waits for Happy to arrive. He asks FRIDAY to play the latest news feed and he tries to distract his thoughts with it.
Tony waits for the bitter feeling of betrayal to make its appearance. He waits a second, then two. When it doesn’t, he shrugs at her and wishes sincerely. “I hope you both have fun.”
"Hey back at you," Steve grins, vibrant and gorgeous, stealing Tony's breath and he tiptoes, reaching higher for Tony's mouth and Tony lets him have it.
The fabric stretched around his pants pocket from where he clenches his hands start showing wet spot, blooming out to become bigger and bigger by the second.
“I thought, among all of you; who create and save, I thought I was the only destructive variant. Then I met Viz; born out of the same stone. He understood me, in ways only he could. He loved me and I, I loved him too.”
Point is: Bucky's relapsed, don't know when exactly it happened but Tony knows that that is not the matter of concern. What matters is for them to get up again.
Steve’s arms loosen around him and his heart races in his chest, Tony can feel it against his own, but he still pulls away just enough so he can meet Steve’s eyes, wide and pleading as he searches Tony’s.
During times like this, when he’s alone and his mind clatters with nothing because there’s nothing in him anymore. No more chunks or even pieces of his heart to make noises and the silence is too deafening he doesn’t want to live through it for another second.
“I can get used to this,” He sinks into the free seat next to Rhodey, fingers curled around a warm cup of hot cocoa as they watch Barnes and Wilson have another go for the remote.
“I’ll answer her, don’t worry about it," Steve cuts him off. "Now, you answer me – and don’t lie – why are you avoiding me?”
He contemplated leaving but then he remembered that he owned the place, so he pulled his nose high up the air and marched into space.
Point is, this is not a secret mission. Direct or not, everyone knows what’s happening, one way or another.
She laughs some more, leans in to whisper, “Maybe. Maybe I really meant what I say,” then she leaves him with a wink to attack Monica Rambeau in a hug.
He looks at Steve and sees Steve glaring which is brilliant because that is exactly the encouragement he needs to start returning last night’s play; sitting up and peppering kisses from an exposed clavicle up his neck and nuzzling some, nipping another, circling wet tongue right under Steve’s ear which is his main erogenous point.
When he does, Tony spins around on his heel and pulls Steve to his barren bed. Crumpled sheet waits, promising some level of comfort.
“Then why -,” Steve begins, promptly interrupted by the elevator door opening and he’s so frustrated that he jabs at the door close button and swipes his hand across all the floors; ensuring no interruptions until they reach the topmost floor of the premise.
“No. I don’t know,” He cuts him short before Steve could get any ideas. “I just want to move on for now. Can we just. Don’t ask me more?”
Either way, he drives to the compound. Out of the blue, on a Thursday afternoon. The urge to talk to Rogers – Steve (damn, he has to make up his mind soon) flaring like the heat of mid-summer.
Rogers who didn’t even blink an eye before smashing the remaining pieces of Tony’s heart with his Vibranium shield.
Tony clawed his brain out, waiting for Pepper’s reply while he immediately hopped on the jet back to New York; no second thoughts at all.
But Steve jumps into explanation like he’s known forever that James Barnes is inside the shop all this time and Tony has to stop him.
He doesn’t know if he gave himself away; but super serum and super soldiers, he can’t rely on his luck as long as they are there.
There’s also the fact that he’d managed to survive another weekend over at the Avengers’ Compound with no shaken grounds.
Still shaken, Steve reaches to hold Tony’s arm to ground himself, but it only makes Tony flinch and step away from him. One second, he’s a flash of pain and the next, it's cold indifference.
Tony wrinkles his nose, “The hassle… I much prefer bananas,” he sniffs, pouring the water over the berries and he shakes them a little.
Thus, Tony keeps his faceplate strictly down, feet not touching the ground, letting Rhodey lead every conversation that boils up.
Self-destructiveness easily reclaims its residence in the now empty vault of his chest and sings him to hell.
But he’s completely aware when he came to; he wasn’t that badly gone that he is disorientated and Tony thinks, that probably saves them most of the trouble.
Tony, whom Wanda chooses to abandon all of them for and sit next to so she could lay her head on his shoulder and watch the usual morning hustle in their home in companionable silence.
But at the same time, there are also countless possibilities accounting for and to where, even if it does begin with them, it
Pepper shoves a mug of hot drink into his hands to shut him up. It’s eggnog and he hates it, “Why, you -,” with another push to his shoulder, he’s suddenly facing a considerably flushed Steve and vaguely, he registers Pepper leaving but really, he never even turns to confirm it.
Who travel through spaces and dimension.” Carol bitches, flinging the comm over her shoulder. “Asshat.”
They say, the one you love the most hurts you the worst. He wishes Tony had loved him less just so he can spare him half the hurt. But that’s not how the world works, does it? That’s not how
“White picket fence is a fairytale, babe. Howard fucked me over seven ways to hell. I wouldn’t be a good father or a husband.”
Tony smiles back, just as awkwardly, deliberately, spreading out his fingers atop his thigh, keeping them from curling into a fist.
“What the fuck?” He asks, still feeling a little faint. He couldn’t even spot James until the lunatic raises a hand and says, “Here.”
“It’s okay. It’s complicated.” She nods, tipping the trickle of water left in her glass and watching it run down the length.
“Show off.” Rhodey scoffs next to Tony which makes him bark out a laughter and walk up to greet her.
Then he realises that he’s still not against the thought. The impulse surprised him, but that is all there is to it. No – No objections or horror –
That’s why when Bruce moans, “You think I never tried to after the accident?” Tony rests a hand over his shoulder aware that there’s still hope in there somewhere for Bruce to cling on.
Along with a kiss to his cheek which makes Tony wonder how long before that expires – like all things inevitably do.
that Tony can feel his bones shifting to accommodate Steve within him. A hollow carved out the shape of him;
Any other time, Tony would have leaped at the chance. He’s never been a guy for picket fences and happy endings but sitting in one of Barton’s kid’s rooms changes perspective.
A spy stripped out of her many identities, still searching for whom she truly is, but at least now, she’s mask-free.
This is what he expected he’d be doing when he joined the Avengers. Not wallow in forgotten feuds and try to become a family they will never be even if they all die trying at it.
Their noses brush and the air is hot when he breathes in, recycled between them as if they’re running short of oxygen, but god, he misses being
On guard as if Tony’s an attack dog, and he speaks as if the words are bitter on his tongue. “Have you?”
When Tony shakes his head with a defeated sigh, he asks with a jerk to his chin, “Is he even awake?”
“I rather not.” Steve props his chin over the curve of Tony’s hip. He blinks up at his boyfriends and proposes a random idea, “Wanna sit on my lap until I finish them?”
Tony hates to think how bad it was before he went to the medic. Bad enough to postpone his lunch with Pepper. Speaking of –
How he learns it is when the doctor, painfully young looking for her age, drops a name on his tenth session.
“I know how he gets.” Tony grunts, biting back his temper but judging from the way Barnes’ head snaps up to him, he’s not doing a very good job at it. “I’m not going to sue him over some temper tantrum, jeez,”
It was something gradual. Which is why Barnes scares Tony. Because it has been like that with Rhodey, before, during their early days.
He has work to do. He’s still damaged and fragile but he cannot stand by and watch people die when he knows he can do something about it.
"Yeah," Bucky sighs, "fuck him," not caring what to say anymore. Mind still reeling from the sight he'd just seen; Tony.
Tony seeks them as he clutches to his own dignity as he puts it bravely in lane and asks, voice soft and faded, couldn’t get it out louder even if he tries, “Do you regret?”
There’s an exasperated sigh on the other end but Rhodey doesn’t follow through. “I’m sorry,” he says instead. There’s a slight hesitation and he adds, “I’ll be over next weekend.”
One thumb over that one twitching muscle; even if he aches to do more, the ache is wonderfully dull.
If then, there was still something in her that she held onto tightly still, now, she seems to have completely given in.
Tony’s breath stutters. Starks seem to fuck up through the history. “It must be the gene,” he mutters blithely.
Behind him, Tony scoots closer so his legs are spread out to sandwich Bucky in between, and he wraps his arms around Bucky's neck. Throws himself over Bucky’s back and he props his chin on his shoulder and sighs, "Sure, I remember that."
Steve who put his life on the line, throwing himself at death but death turned against him; death cheated him, pushed him away seven decades to the future where everyone and everything he once knew had been gone.
Inside, it’s toasty. Warm, and autumnal spice linger around the compound air from what Tony has gathered, Wilson’s and Wanda’s common hobby of making candles.
He didn’t turn on the light, but the silver glint of Bucky’s metal arm is unmistakable; tracing trajectory motion of his leap from the countertop to in front of Tony, infusing heat from their sudden proximity.
“I hear that I keep hurting you in return, so we’ll consider that a fair pay. I don’t mean to. I’m sure you don’t either. But. I don’t want your apologies.” Tony tells him.
prompt: distracting kisses from someone that are meant to stop the other person from finishing their work, and give them kisses instead
Steve doesn’t look up from washing; bowls, plates and cutleries methodically. But he sighs, and he answers, “He should.”
It stirs something unpleasant within Tony – the part which is still trying to move on – when Steve directs his concern to Tony when it comes to Rhodey.
Bucky straightens up, scrubs his face raw and he sweeps the perimeter with one quick glance before he lands his hand on Tony's ankle.
Rhodey pats her hair, sighing as he exchanges a relieved look with Tony, and Tony smiles; all of them do, sad, but still, a smile nonetheless.
Steve plops heavily down on his bed. Its frame creaks. “Tony,” he begins, but Natasha’s fluid movement from the foot of his bed to Tony’s side, stops him.
when he used to literally lose clumps of his hair worrying to death each time Steve left for one of his searches for Barnes.
She forgives him for Steve. He leaves them be for an hour and a half before Steve peeks out of the door and says she’s asking for him.
“I miss cuddling with you,” she argues, and Tony would be lying if he says he doesn’t when he too, does. Awfully so.
If there was any doubt with that, it only got verified when Pepper texted him last night once he was done with a meeting in London with the European stock holders.
free out of his hold and he jerks back in surprise, shaking his head when he meets Barnes’ watchful eyes from where he crouches, correcting a dent from Tony’s armour with his metal hand.
his brother; he also lost his home. He needs friends. He needs comfort. But he decided that he wasn’t going to get all that in here and Tony cannot really blame him.
It’s kind of like giving up your most favourite thing in the world because it’s not necessary to stay alive but the very instant you have the taste of it again, you remember why you were so smitten with it in the first place.
So, he distracted himself with various memories. Recalled one of their latest movie nights and he focused on that. Got so lost in his distraction that he startled when someone touched his shoulder.
“Let him in,” Tony permits weakly. The door opens, and Steve walks in, calm and composed. His eyes however are a whirlwind of storms brewing up an apocalypse.
“Tried to take away my suit two years ago. Wanted to make it government property to ensure safety. Personally, I think the government gives shit about people’s safety so I dug up and found he’s had a standing appointment with Obadiah Stane before his passing. Had a few before and one of it was about the secret project Stane had brewing in SI’s basement; trying to replicate the Iron Man armour. They fixed a deal under the table. No government overlooking it.” Tony sinks back in his chair, arms across his chest and surprise flicks across his face when Steve holds out a water bottle for him.
The gentleness with which he cradles Tony’s hand in his own and caresses the burnt skin with his fingertips.
But Steve doesn’t let him get too far; follows him until they pass by an empty room and he yanks him in.
Tony shudders, bites Bucky’s earlobe and tugs, and he hums into his ear, "Take me home, sugarplum, and I’ll show you more than that.”
Maybe this should be the Avengers’ reconciliation room. Well, that would have to wait and see how the talk with Rogers’ goes first and Tony has to admit, he’s a little apprehensive at that.
Tony nods in Barnes’ direction when his tongue feels too heavy on the floor of his mouth to get a word of greeting out.
Tony only falters once before calling for Barnes to notify the time, and they both make it to dinner together, which must have been a sight to behold – Bucky Barnes and Tony Stark, walking side by side, two times in a row – because Rogers looks thunderstruck.
They both know what it did to Tony the last time Tony got involved. Why is Rhodey bothering again this time around?
“I’m sorry,” Tony says. He is. Truthfully, he is. But it’s largely polluted by his boiling rage. The need for retribution.
Pepper continues giving him the bites. But her clever eyes pick what he’s trying to hide. She tactfully doesn’t comment on it. But apparently her tact has an expiry date.
She asks him about it the next day, and releases him with a pill to knock him out for a good eight hours.
It’s late summer but something about the secluded farmhouse in the middle of nowhere makes the wind chiller. And his body responds with a shiver when a draft passes by. He looks up, checks the window and he knows it’s closed tight; he did that a minute ago.
Her fingers are gentle when they retrace the awfully matching purple prints she had left on his left wrist, her expression carefully blank.
How Jarvis picked after his messes and Rhodey, for some mysterious reasons, decided to stay despite all that.
Eventually, after they knock over a vase and watch it break into thousand pieces, Bucky hoists him up and walks them to the bed, and it may be emasculating if he was in a different state of mind. But right then, head spinning from Bucky and only Bucky everywhere, Tony lets him have it.
“I should probably go see Fury.” She says, “He’s been bugging me about an accord of sort. It was nice meeting you, Tony. I hope we get to work together in the future.”
He makes some progress with the armour, fixes up that one persistent error in SI’s BARF technology, has dinner with Pepper and even slips under the covers on a normal bedtime.
She rids of her heels, sinks into the couch and puts up her feet on the coffee table, breathing a sigh of relief.
Once off, he finds Steve’s eyes, desperately reading through each flitting emotion behind those stunned blue.
Tony thinks she manages it well so far. She may have slipped here and there but she has been brave throughout. Held her own.
Tony feels the manic urge to laugh. “Oh wow. So, this is how Natasha felt.” He mumbles mostly to himself.
His doctor’s been inserting a comment here and there about how he’s ready to go home if he wants and he feels himself agreeing to that.
It’s as if he doesn’t want to leave and his deliberate slowness ticks off the anxiety in Tony. It’s not as if Tony is a punctual man himself, Pepper has to deal with his ground breaking tardiness all the time, but still-
He’s not too dumb to not know about Pepper and Natasha’s friendship. It’s a scary thought. But death is scary and that’s pretty real too.
He looks so carefree and happy. Young again, like he’s gotten nothing in the world to worry about; weightless and unburdened.
He can feel sweat dripping down his neck, droplets forming under his moustache and beard. He can feel a trail or two running down his temple, dammit.
“I’m fine,” Tony pushes away from the wall. “Withdrawal from the med. The doc weaned me off.” He adds as those lines get more pinched.
On the fourth, she brings up the name and they sit in weighted silence for the next remaining hour of Tony’s session.
It’s a large property, equipped with a landing pad, a vibrant lawn which is a strange feat around this time of the year.
Howard’s ‘teachings’ are where he had meant them to be; carved into Tony’s bone, reminding him every time he breathes wrongly.
If Steve Rogers is so desperate for a family, he can shove his 1930s ass into some sitcom and live in there.
“I miss him too.” Pepper murmurs in agreement. Her glower is now a misty pair of pale blue and Tony hates them.
When Tony turns his face into his palm and kisses the inside of his wrist, it’s apparently all Steve needs to scoop him and pull Tony into him with an exhale that sounds very much like a relieved sigh.
Tony blinks, as if he’s surprised; the only genuine emotion Steve ever saw from him today, then he looks away.
Steve gives him a smile; smaller than the one before Tony started this topic. Almost makes him wish he didn’t start it to begin with, almost.
Even if that scar across his chest gives him a verdict against Rogers, he’s not sure if Rogers had escaped unscarred as well. He knows super healing. But he also
He’d tried various forms of alcohol and sex and drugs and yet, he still finds himself back in ground zero.
A lot of things come rushing forth - all things heavy and unnecessary to be analysed in the kind of state he is in so he shoves them away hurriedly. This is not his pity party and he refuses to throw one despite what most of him demands.
He has no plans for this year, never had a plan since the giant bunny disaster with Pepper – he couldn’t be bothered.
He wants to live too. He wants to laugh, be happy, and he wants to love – even if his love is a tangle of unsorted mess, he’s willing to take what time he has left in this life to untangle it, sort it out, weave something gorgeous out of it and he knows he can do it.
All of which breezes past Tony’s apathy as he sprawls over whichever piece of furniture he’s made to and stares emptily at a distance while whomever Pepper has recruited in her mission to make Tony better rambles on and on about something he really doesn’t give a fuck about.
In the office, Steve sits in his casual wear, back ram-rod straight, still poker-faced but knuckles white, fists clenched on his lap.
But the simple act of his bashfulness twists something worn within Tony’s gut. Something warm that has been shredded one too many times before.
Rhodey scowls at him, opening his mouth to argue but sweet Steve sweeps in just in that moment like an angel and saves him.
There are so many ways to decipher that. So many ways Tony can pick and knit everything they’ve been through in their respective life and align it so it begins with them and ends also, with them.
Tony tosses and turns, hoping blinding himself from the blow glow will help. But darn it. He forgets the blue glow follows him everywhere now. It makes him laugh.
He hadn’t told Steve everything that was going on and it was too late – Steve was going to find out the next morning, Ross was coming with the Accords.
Steve jogs up to Tony, bouncy on his feet as he shakes his head fondly at his buddies and leans for a good morning kiss.
It’s with nothingness, deafening silence and nothing else. It’s with emptiness and void and nothingness, that Tony
Tony feels his throat constrict. He doesn’t know what to say. But the good thing about group talk is that, there’ll always be someone else to fill in the blanks if you can’t yourself.
Right now though, feeling Bucky more than alive under his palm, Tony tips his slack jaw close and kisses him good morning.
As in, he helps around with the chores even though he doesn’t actively jog or bench presses or what other shit.
Just after Ultron. Post apologies and a night spent together cuddling and sleeping, and he’s there, alone, in Steve’s room because Steve had just gotten up to shower.
He falls asleep somewhere along the line. But it’s disturbed and unrested. He doesn’t bother getting up from the bed. He doesn’t have a plan of action in his head yet.
Tony watches him pass Sam easily, waits until James throws a middle finger at Steve’s back before he walks inside.
Tony sighs, breaking their eye contact. He picks up the juice box and fiddles with it for a while; turning it around and around until his haywire thoughts fall into places.
So careful, like he’s scared he’d hurt Tony and it’s that thought that propels Tony to grab Steve’s hand and bring it to his lips.
Steve stares him down, full Captain mode, sending shivers down his spine. “You’re not doing any strenuous activities until you heal.”
When he re-enters, his unannounced guest looks at him. Tony thinks about trying for a smile but he couldn’t.
He empties all the alcohol bottles in the penthouse after sleeping through half of his second day back home.
They stand like that for a while, listening to the crickets and frogs harmonizing in the back yard, breathing in cinnamon spiced air and basking in the toasty warmth from the heater blasting away the dipping temperature outside.
Barnes growls, “Fuck off,” hidden by the couch as he sprawls in front of the TV, ankles dangling off an armrest, head likely cushioned on Natasha’s lap as she sits on the opposite end, flaming red hair barely visible.
of the prosciutto bruschetta still on her hand because she’s secretly a hamster who nibbles on her food.
Tony pauses, refusing the past to shadow their present. It’s not a secret that Steve has a soft spot for Wanda. She’s a kid. A
They come to a start whenever he pauses, head whipping up and around because he thought he smelled Steve. It’s pathetic, but that’s normal for Tony.
“No. Why would I?” She asks, uncurling her feet which she had tucked them away under her thighs, so she can sit properly and regard Tony seriously.
“Why!?” Tony raises his voice, only later realising that he’d hopped off of his seat, standing with chest expanding rhythmically to his heavy breathing. “Why do you
Tony’s tongue feels dry in his mouth, but he still manages a faint, “Fittingly?” while his blood rush through their streams, fleeing.
The way he keeps minutely running his palms up and down the outsides of his thighs. The way he keeps swallowing and breathing a little unsteadily.
Tony numbly traces Steve’s motion as he reaches over to off the alarm and drop onto his back next to Tony.
Wedged between Bruce and Natasha, he looks cosy in his red sweater. The temperature inside is not as cold to warrant layers, but chilly enough for goose-bumps to rise above their skin.
Tony stares at her, unblinking. “Peggy?” he calls faintly, blood sizzling up his veins, and he clenches his fists, sitting straight in his chair. “Peggy, it’s me. Tony.”
Tony hopes Wanda doesn’t mind, she seems to have a good equation going on with him besides Steve, even more than with Natasha.
“If he hadn’t, Tony. You would – I -,” She stammers, shaking her head wordlessly. Tony ducks his own head in latent shame.
Thursday cannot arrive any sooner. One moment, Tony’s submitting the latest revised beta prototype to R&D and next, it is six in Thursday morning.
Tony hums, making a little rattle as he dries the cutleries. Then he puts them back in their holder and passes the now dampened cloth to Steve to rinse and dry out.
Pepper’s out on a date. She usually will be around to welcome him home after his forced bonding weekend, but this time, Tony finds that he doesn’t miss her absence so much.
Pepper gnaws on her lower lip, uncaring of the perfect streak of maroon on it as she regards Tony guiltily.
There is no way Tony can tell describe himself without mentioning Steve. That’s how interwoven they are, and he knows that it’s mutual. Steve is what Iron Man is to Tony; a part of his identity.
“It’s as gorgeous as I remember.” Sam whistles lowly as he walks down the landing pad. Shaking his head at Peter who bounds by waving enthusiastically at Shuri and surprisingly, at Okoye who blows a kiss at him.
“Hard to explain.” Barnes scrunches his face in concentration. “It just – I feel it. Like, it does something in my head. At first,” He adds, looking up at Tony, face back to its ominous blankness. “- not so much, but lately, it’s… I can’t be near her without getting a headache.”
“Love the red,” Pepper passes him a flute. Orange juice sans champagne, and Tony takes a polite sip.
Chair toppling backwards and hands shaking, he braces himself, left arm spreading numbness from pectoral to fingertips.
Quite the contrary from when they first started their relationship; when they had jumped on each other, barely could go a second without keeping their hands off, or their eyes for that matter. Everything they have had then they gave it to each other.
“Sorry bout that.” He says. “Not this one but the – you know…,” he trails off, when Barnes turns questioning eyes on him.
“How did I miss this?” He asks in awe because this is a spectacle that he shouldn’t have missed, but looks like he had and that’s not at all a comforting thought. He feels stricken; he feels left out.
On good days, Tony can hear the muted clanging and banging of the separated chunks of his heart in its cage, missing pivotal pieces that are supposed to glue them all together into something singular and whole.
He grits his teeth and hauls him to the bed. Picks out a pair of boxers then hesitates before pulling out a pair of sweatpants and Bucky’s favourite hoodie; he usually sleeps in only boxers but just in case.
“I don’t know about that,” Steve blushed, ready with a protest but all thoughts flew out of the window when Tony played the first key. Steve inhaled sharply.
Tony has a lot on his plate now that he’s not cooped up in a recovery home with only therapy and getting better taking the forefront of his mind after all.
For all those times he’d missed how its glow looked on Steve, he now wishes it’ll stop spilling on him.
It sneaks up on him. Like some kind of surprise attack. During breakfast. When he’s in the middle of laughing with Pepper over dinner. Worse, when he’s the centre of public’s attention.
He tears open the bag of chips, guzzles down two bottles of water before he shoves a handful of bland chips into his mouth. He knows Steve’s still looking, but he avoids his gaze, anyway. Keeps shoving more chips into his mouth even though he’s close to choking and only when he hears the bathroom door close, he stops.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.” Tony rasps, throat dry and tongue heavy, sticking to the roof of his mouth.
Tony carries on. His quickened nerves easing to a flowing ease once he lets back the schematics talk to him.
He tries to play deaf then; obnoxious music blasting on stereo, sledgehammer rhythmically brought down on spare metals, whiskey, scotch and cocaine overloaded system.
“I can stay longer today.” Tony suggests. It’s Sunday, but he can make it happen. “We can talk over after dinner maybe?”
The sparring session is supposed to rotate that way, so each member gets to learn the others’ weaknesses and help them overcome them. Usually they rotate between three to four partners during their two hours session.
Belatedly, he learns that Pepper and Rhodey have been having their own separate appointments with the psychiatrist in charge of Tony as well.
Tony’s still unsure of how he feels about her so he keeps their metaphorical distance stretched as taught as the day she took off leaving him to deal with a semi paralysed Rhodey all by himself.
When they cut their cake; a six feet monster - which in retrospect, never let teenagers take control of anything ever - and Tony goes to feed him a slice, they’re laughing too much so his hand misses and smears cream outside Bucky’s mouth.
And as much as he finds it frustrating and pathetic, Tony still loves him too – well, that answers Pepper’s question now, doesn’t it?
“Hey, Tony!” Shuri beams, and Tony gives a wave, grateful that the call has now been switched to face-call (a holographic version of it), “I’m sending you the notes on that stuff we were - um - talking the other day.” She continues grinning at him, “Open it.”
Tony opens his mouth to ask, “Why would I see Steve? When?” But smartly closes it before a word escape.
When he was a slip away from falling off of the cliff which soon that night, Pepper pushed him from, Steve – Rogers, actually
Helen Cho blinks, comprehension dawning upon her before she suddenly looks sick; lips pressed tight like she’s holding back her words from him. Good, Tony doesn’t want to hear her preach ethical violation to him. But he keeps looking at her until she agrees; because she has to. She has to know that he needs Bucky alive. No bargains in that matter.
There are so many apologies stored heavy in his chest for Tony. They hurt. They burn so bright and they ache so much.
Steve obviously catches everyone’s drift, an amused expression on his face when Wilson closes the door whistling You’re All I Need to Get By by Marvin Gaye loud enough to piss Tony off that when he realizes how much it gets to his nerves, he ends up laughing instead of yelling at him, scrubbing his face as he shakes his head at his teammate.
“What does that supposed to mean?” He asks, arms akimbo, a frown etched in between his perfect eyebrows. The sudden tightness in his voice is jarring.
He buys an intricately painted, dome-shape candle holder for her. He never got to learn what Natasha likes and doesn’t like over the years, but something about the handcrafted souvenir tells him she will appreciate it and Tony owes her as much.
“Thank you.” She says, rendering Tony speechless. “They’re good people. I’m just not sure if I’m good enough to -,”
So, maybe he’s a coward. Maybe what he’s really afraid of is breaking his own heart - call it a primitive reaction. He is a primate in DNA after all.
“You named the team after her? Just how exactly smitten were you on her?” Tony laughs at Fury’s poker face.
But the problem is, he’s so blinded where he stands that he doesn’t even know if there are any angles around him. What more, what shape or state they are.
There’s nothing wrong with the privacy outside the workshop door. But if Barnes and Wanda got to talk to him in the luxury of a closed room, Tony supposes Rogers does too. Equality and all.
Instead, he turns around, already making his leave. Steve hastily promises Fury, rising from his own chair and he hurries after Tony.
She’s mildly more withdrawn than she has been in the morning, throughout their lunch, visiting the school, more introductions – this time between his people and Tony’s people - and Charles offering them rooms to bunk in for the night.
It’s not schooling exactly since she doesn’t have the X-gene but it’s close to a supervision under Jean and by expansion, Charles Xavier’s expertise.
That, coupled with the way Steve is struggling to hold himself. Visibly shaking as if he’ll fall and crumble any second and that.
“Oh please,” Tony chuckles, mouthing at his chin as he climbs onto Steve’s lap with intent. “You don’t care what Maria Hill thinks.”
“No, it’s fine. She – er – she said she’s thinking about leaving the team.” Tony’s stomach drops.  “I talked her out of it. Didn’t think it’s wise for her to be out there all alone what with her current situation.”
As for now, Bucky tastes the champagne on Tony’s lips and hums in content when Tony presses “I love you” into his temple.
He got himself a cup of chamomile tea, painstakingly hand blended by the Black Widow herself; dried tea leaves mixed with pressed and dried chamomile flowers.
That morning – after everything had been said and forgiven – a new promise was made. But he broke it. Like a true champ, he broke it, and with it, Steve’s heart as well.
All in all, the corporate part of Tony’s life seems to simmer down. But, once one obstacle down, another one knocks on his front door. Or in this case;
Maybe that’s the progress, maybe it’s not. He doesn’t know. He’s long past caring. He just wants to move on. Even if the silence is unbearably deafening.
She tells them lot as they hunch as a group over breakfast, all of Charles’ people having filtered out; jobs and classes to go and be at, leaving Tony, Steve, Rhodey and Sam who look like a truck had ran over them and Wanda in their huge dining hall.
Pinning Tony’s attention to him throughout his short story telling about the time when Wakanda hosted the ‘Rogues’, giving no slip off for Tony’s short attention span (maybe he learnt the trick from his special school for future Kings, but Tony has no idea how he does it).
He shouldn’t. He knows if Steve went through his drawers in his workshop while Tony isn’t there, without Tony knowing, he knows he’ll be mad.
Long enough a time to propose the idea to Wanda and have her finalise the decision for them – which will be Steve’s job.
Feels like for all the efforts he put to extract himself from his wannabe team bonding session, Barnes could use them the most.
Truth is, it’s difficult to begrudge a person when said person has all the right to begrudge in return but doesn’t.
Had never revealed her hardship while trying to put up with his shit. He doesn’t know why now – how it fits with Steve, but he feels like he needed to listen to this.
Hence why now, Tony starts walking two fingers from the high of Steve’s thighs to his hip, slipping them under his shirt and smiling sweetly when Steve looks down at him.
Fury’s eyebrows climb up the roof. Rhodey actually looks betrayed while Steve looks from Tony to Danvers like a lost puppy. Hill is stoic as usual.
He rolls that thought in his mind, sitting in the forefront as he ponders over deciding to reveal, then slowly, he thinks of the right time to reveal.
Across them, Fury closes his one eye and takes a long deep breath. “Listen here, motherfuckers,” he states, “I do not have time to deal with the repercussions of your scream fights in the middle of streets; in the broad daylight while the media is zeroing in on your grown asses like vultures – Look!” he snaps, blue lights flickering mid-air over his office table and a video starts to play.
Maybe, he thinks. Nobody likes to remember when their heart got broken. Much less, when they broke someone else’s heart.
But the death that shook him was of Jarvis which he never even saw but he felt it in his core. Like a part of his was ripped out to never be replaced.
Then someone clears their voice and asks, “What’s a binary?” from inside the shop that Tony clutches onto his chest because he swears his heart just skipped a fucking beat.
“I want to talk about Steve Rogers today.” He says, sitting down in front of his psychiatrist cum therapist the next day.
“Lean on me,” he says, meaning a little more than what he needs Bucky to do right then; just place his head on Tony’s shoulder and let Tony hold his weight in there.
“Never met any expectations so far,” Tony adjusts his shades up as T’Challa pushes open a wide door, nodding at him to go in first.
But magic is shit and it largely explains why he distances himself from her, which she both understands and doesn’t mind
He follows his gaze to where the arc reactor glows bright blue in his chest and for a second, Tony’s too caught in marvelling the way that glow reflects on Steve’s own blue that he forgets Steve hasn’t seen the reactor for a long, long time.
“Moni told me. You’re Tony Stark. I’ve heard of you from Fury too.” She smirks mischievously, her clever eyes focusing on Peter. “And you, young man?”
They see each other during the weekends, they talk, they argue – like they always do – but there are also stolen moments after everyone else has retired for the day when they’d sit, just like they do now – business kept well away from pleasure - and they share; words, memories, thoughts, moments and in some rare occasions,
“It’s ten minutes to six.” Tony points out, eyebrows climbing up because what the hell is Steve still doing, talking to him when he’s supposed to be running after the clock?
Visibly, he only nods in acknowledgment, hesitating awhile at the doorstep when Barnes turns back to focus on his task. Tony really wants to work the kinks out and he really,
“Truce-leaf, huh?” He asks, watching as he twirls the leaf, its stem pinched between his index and thumb, with intense curiosity before shifting the same gaze to Tony, who swallows thickly, trying for and succeeding with a smile – just a small one with the amount of energy he can muster for now – and shrugs.
kinds of monsters just yet and Pepper, because she’s the fucking CEO of Stark Industries and you have to make an appointment a year and half in advance to get to her.
It’s either Natasha’s way of repenting or she really means it when she says, “I’m gonna get more snacks. Mind helping me with it, Tony?”
He pushes those bundles of thoughts surrounding Steve Rogers into a steel box, closes it, stores it away with a post-it saying
“They must have found out about my SHIELD servers’ break ins,” Tony groans, scrubbing his face as he paces.
Anticlimactically, Steve simply says, “Oh.” No hostile expressions crawling onto his face except for a concerned frown.
“Which is why we’re going with you to find out. If you want.” He stresses, because this is her decision; her life and her everything.
Bruce turns his faraway stare to him. Stripped off the buzzing nerves, he’s an exhausted, broken man.
She has many talents; reading people is one of her bests. The way she read him once was wrong, according to her. The way she’s reading him now, Tony doesn’t know her verdict, but the result is her palm against one of his cheeks and a soft press of her lips over his forehead.
in the priority of the Earth. I must insist that you and the Captain work out the rotten nature of your relationship. A team does not thrive from being broken, and you’re expecting us to trust
“What do you think about reducing your dose? We can go from 60mg to 30mg and see if we can wean you off completely?” His new psychiatrist asks, smiling kindly at him.
Tony takes a shuddering inhale, shoving away the blanket, feet padding clumsily as he pries open the door, exiting himself into the dark hallway. It’s darker than when he’d last seen it, but none of that matter.
Tony pushes the fallen hair away from his forehead and places a kiss there. “I’m not sure if you mean that,” he whispers solemnly, stroking Steve’s left cheek gently before he pulls away.
“What does that have to do with Bucky?” Steve asks from where he’s sat on the couch, flicking the top end of his New York Times to look at Tony.
Maybe this one will last. Maybe this one will burn too, and when it does, it will hurt as much as it did when Bruce went AWOL after Ultron.
Treat it like an accident; you trip and fall and you get up and then walk into a quicksand and you get up and someone push you down the cliff so you climb back up and you walk thinking finally this is it; this is a safe road with beauty around it and it makes you so hap -
He wheels them back into a comfortable position in front of the laptop and props his chin over Tony’s shoulder to get a good look at the screen and he returns to his work.
The plan is, Tony will meet Rhodey, Wilson, Steve and Wanda at the compound around eight. From there, they’ll board the Avenger’s Quinjet to Xavier’s school.
TV shows want to interview Tony, and if they couldn’t get their hand on him (none of them do), they ask for Pepper. They get neither.
Tony remembers Harlem. Going by the look in Bruce eyes, he’s sure the man is reliving said event as well.
Even Thanos, the Mad Titan from wherever the fuck he came from, Tony doesn’t even know. Never even heard of him for more than the 72hours time frame he had to prepare for an incoming fight. But the
It’s the same question that keeps running in his head, which is why he asks it out aloud; “What is wrong with me?”
When Tony points it out, the man doesn’t bother denying it. “I do consider the good Captain as my friend.”
Pepper rolls her eyes, unhooking the straps of her Jimmy Choo, going bare feet as she hefts her weight to sit on the nearest table.
He wishes it’s that easy to expel the quelling frustration from his system; just breathe out. He wishes. But wishes are fishes. Nothing is ever going to come out of them.
Rogers doesn’t approach him. Or maybe he tries to but Tony doesn’t see from where he keeps himself faithfully behind Rhodey.
Tony groans and caves in. Rattling the entire tale that was birthed out of his sheer need for distraction and continues to cringe towards the end because now Rhodey is full on glaring at him.
Steve looks up, fingers stilling over the keyboard and he breaks into a smile the instant he sees Tony by the door. “Mission report.” he answers easily, the smile giving into a grin when Tony steps inside.
Steve accepts his mug with a grateful smile, waits until Tony’s seated before he confides. “Fury proposed a new addition to the team. Carol Danvers from ‘space’,” he air-quotes with an eyeroll.
When Steve looks at him in surprise, he shrugs, feels every solid second passing like a thick drip of something and grabs Steve’s hand in his at the fifth drip.
He knows that their friendship or acquittance (whatever Bruce chooses to name it. Tony’s sick of making the first call at everything.) is not based on trust. At least not the kind where you tell each other all about your sad tales and cheers with bottle of beers. No.
Then he husks, fingers digging into the flesh of Tony's ass to pull him flush against himself, “I said: I
It’s comforting, to have someone trust his call - not that Rhodey doesn’t but he isn’t so willing either - a lot more than comforting to know that that someone is Steve Rogers for a change.
He’s fragile and vulnerable; Steve’s fragile and vulnerable too. They’re a pair of disaster waiting to happen.
Natasha deftly slips away from under him as the two males tackle each other down, full on grunting brawls and (un-)manly squawks.
Should have started like this, abandoned soft emotions and gone methodical from the very beginning. But Tony is a weak, weak man when it comes to Bucky and he's only 45; he's still learning.
Rhodey finds him in the workshop, head down in his hands, elbows propped on the worktable while he wills himself to stop shaking.
, an empty seat in front of him. Emptier champagne bottle. Steve with his arm around Tony as they watched Titanic because
He turns his back to Steve, focusing on the dried dishes, pulling open the cabinets and he begins to arrange them back into their places, one by one.
It’s a curious thing and Tony’s partly pissed at his two-faced act so he doesn’t feel bad about forcing himself on the man who’s clearly trying to steer away from him.
Will he really be mad at Steve for snooping or will he be mad at himself for still hanging onto the past and being caught at it?
He watches Steve pass a bowl of Japchae to Barnes on another Saturday night, his arm fully healed and Tony realises that there will never be a right time.
“Are you sure of what you’re doing?” Rhodey asks him, once he’s sure Steve has walked far enough to defeat his super hearing.
“I know I’m an asshole, Natasha. But you’re putting me on a higher pedestal here by assuming the worst.” He puts away the dried plate, tosses the towel and starts on storing the dried dishes. “This is not a soap opera and I’m not that petty bitch seeking revenge on her ex by sleeping with his best friend.”
They taste death on their tongue as they go to bed and when they wake up. They see death at every corner they turn.
But his aura is too large to let the desperation show through all that fierceness. Especially when he’s
He takes a sharp swerve, the dull whoosh past his ear and then, Thanos lays; separated from his right-hand gauntlet on the ground.
She’s dressed up, semi casual, for something that does not spell business or a hang out with an old friend.
For a long moment, he simply stands there and breathes. Every single muscle in his body tense with guilt but they can’t help but bask in; the hollow within him quivering with each inhale of Steve’s scent.
Not the kind which comes from dried leaves, filtrated and packed into three fingers width paper bag with instructions to steep for exactly three minutes and no less or more in a cup of 80degree Celsius water, no less, no more.
Tony’s always been a gone man for that look on Steve. He feels that rush of emotion come through, poking at the gaps, ready to worm its way through to be on display for Steve.
Captain America stands, head hung and silent, he looks far away from this world, stripped off of his title and for the first time, he looks like a Steve Rogers.
When he comes to, he doesn’t know how long he’s been down but one thing for sure is, he doesn’t want to get out the safety of his bedroom at all.
He places a safe bet on as long as the bruise on his wrist takes to disappear and he tucks that stray thought away as he takes in the surrounding, cheering weakly when he spots Steve next to Barnes on the dining table.
Even if this ship wants to go down, even if Tony is adamant to burn it to the ground, Steve will single-handedly fight him for it.
He doesn’t want to fail her. She never put such pressure on him, but that will never stop him from feeling responsible.
But the more he thinks about it, the least he thinks those possibilities are going to stop him from what he has in his mind.
“They did a few tests while patching me up. Found out that I had two attacks in the span of less than 24 hours -,”
“Uh, huh. Sure.” She rolls her eyes, passing him his dinner plate. “Now focus, this is the best episode of the season.”
There’s a single goal in his mind; a definite mission. To find Steve and he comes close to it, socked feet stopping right in front of the closed door leading to the room Steve had been assigned to.
For a minute, he stares at his right hand where the blood is dripping from; relaxed in posture, gauntlet still on, fingers fisting around a clump of hair from a decapitated head of someone whose face he recognized flashing on his HUD earlier that day. When he scanned for the bastard who fired that lethal shot.
His hand pauses in its action submerged in Steve’s hair and he realises with a mild surprise that he’s been soothingly running his fingers through them, petting Steve.
“What I was trying to say before you rudely talked over me were, pluses and minuses. You have your wrongs where you also have you rights and when provided no contexts, to which I cannot point what exactly, they naturally cancel out. Making you a mundane homo sapiens. Like the rest of us.” She smiles serenely.
The realisation that his feeling was mutual. The clarity with which he looked at Steve one day and told him in stammering words
His dark eyes glowering mad as he punches his fists into his pants’ pocket and strides out of Tony’s mansion.
“I hope the two of you will talk it out because you both deserve to be happy and he cannot be happy without you while you struggle to fucking
“I – You’ve-,” She falters, her gaze flicking back to her mug before she heaves a breath and looks straight at Tony.
Tony sniffles and Pepper squints until he removes the order. Every single thing. Okay, maybe she allows a set. But still –
Slowly, eventually, Bucky relaxes. He even returns the hug; holding on just as tight and he’s so warm and perfect and Tony had dreamt of being this way with him so often for so long in the deep crevices of the darkest nights that he’s afraid if he lets go, he’ll lose it all.
He concentrates hard on the limp stem in between his index and thumb, willing away the anxiety that creeps up upon seeing the lit kitchen, obscured only by the thick windows over the stove.
If he’s worried about Steve, he wants to worry without thinking about the implications and meanings behind it.
Tony stops mid pacing. Breath catching mid-inhale. He remembers being younger than Shuri when he saw his mother’s smiles and saw the slip at their corners.
Steve ducks his head and Tony swears he can see the man laughing before he looks up, expression brilliantly composed as he frowns at the table, seated immediately next to Rhodey.
Tonight, they end up in Steve’s room since Tony is staying the night anyway. Besides, someone has been asked to redo their mission report and Tony couldn’t stop finding it amusing.
Tony’s knees buckle and when he sinks, she goes down with him; leans her head on his shoulder, drapes an arm over and she fills his sense with sweet strawberry smell while Steve looks wearily from across him.
His own shoulders hunching and curling around Tony, pulling them ridiculously closer until they’re hugging, god, they’re
He tells the warmth that blooms within him is from the hot ginseng chicken soup and nothing else. But even he knows in that moment, that he’s lying to himself.
, an hour after, it calmed him down a bit but still robbed him off of his sleep; sitting awake, gnawing at his thumbnail as he ran 101 scenarios about the ways Steve could have gotten injured – a blast where Natasha saved him by a second mark, which if it wasn’t for her, Steve would be –
How the other guy is insistent on stepping forefront now that he had had a taste of it, albeit in a fairly friendlier environment.
Once Pepper’s done wiping her tears away, mustering her ‘look’ back; all prim, proper and deadly again.
This is not fair! "Jarvis, I need this footage to show Pepper tomorrow morning," he says, standing up.
Tony blinks. Well, will you look at that, “Captain America; the paradigm of virtue. Did you just admit to lying?”
It's a footage of their post battle disagreement – which Fury so eloquently called a ‘scream fight’ -; in which Captain America and Iron Man, with their faces exposed, are yelling at each other, hands flying out in accusations and pure temperament.
The elevator pings. Tony steps out, the prickling in his chest now a growing burning sensation, travelling from gut up to his mouth and he swallows with a shudder.
He wasn’t lying. He does have somethings unfinished in the workshop. Which sufficiently distract him until Friday announces that Steve has invited him for breakfast.
But that’s too late because Tony’s already pulling away; hands still fisted around Steve’s collar, head hung low, hair brushing the front of Steve’s shirt and he exhales, “I can’t,” broken and raw.
Maybe Tony falls in long line of all the other Rogers’ villain. After all, Tony had the power to bring out the worst in Rogers too.
He doesn’t fare well by the end of the day but they’ve reached a collective decision to proceed with Tony’s plan of action to redeem the company and that’s all that matters, right? Beyond the desperate itch to reach for something sharp and stinging down his throat.
Tony watches him, a furrow growing between his eyes with every tick of the needle in his wrist watch. Steve should be rushing. He really should. But he isn’t.
"Keep telling yourself that," Pepper sing-songs, side eye-ing the height of the heels of his dress shoes.
Not the one he gets when he sees Steve getting attacked and wants to blow them into pieces; not as fierce as that. But the kind which he feels in the confinement of their bedroom when Steve curls into a vulnerable ball, seeking comfort from Tony and Tony wants to pull the blanket over them both and shield Steve from everything; even the harshest light or the smallest draft.
In retrospect, he knows he shouldn’t have worried about that because Bucky prays enough for both of them.
If Tony found his behaviour bizarre, he didn’t say a word. Despite the silence, he seemed to understand what Steve needed and gave him just that; his presence.
Tony catches Barnes’ eyes over her shoulder and grins when he sees what’s in the little jar that he’s hypnotically spinning on the wooden kitchen table; a pea flower tea blend.
When and where Thanos pops up, they don’t know until a muted gold explosion alerts them and Tony makes it in time to see Wanda struggling to keep the Mad Titan from Vision whom she’s blasting her own energy at to destroy the mind stone.
He's been on Bucky's side one too many times but less on where he stands right now (Rhodey knows better, or even Pepper). He's got so much to learn and he will. He doesn't have the patience, but he loves Bucky so vastly that training himself to be patient is close to nothing.
If Tony doesn’t fear magic so much, they’ll probably have a closer relationship. Like Peter and him perhaps. But it is as it is. They’ve talked and forgiven each other; her for assuming the worst of him and him for the mental manipulation she did to him.
“Jesus, Tony. Don’t tell me you still don’t know how I feel about you. Choked on my blood and all I could do was look at you like you hung the moon - I saw that footage. The one they aired in the news? Sam showed me that thing, and Hell. The whole world saw how I feel for you baby, and you’re standing here looking at me like you got no clue."
He smiles, cheeks flushed bright pink and blue eyes twinkling as he regards Tony abashedly from beneath his long lashes.
Then he whispers, “I’m so happy you’re here,” into Tony’s ear making Tony blush fifty shades of red and his heart go
She asks, looking out into the open as they stand side by side in the backyard, basking in the morning sun light, and Tony gathers Steve has proposed the idea to her.
He feels the heat of Steve’s gaze on him, but he keeps his eyes closed, focusing on the way the fingers flex tighter then let loose and after what feels like an eon, they finally relax and let Tony’s own digits slip in between them.
Tony has half the mind to not snort. Rhodey’s right. He also, after all those mishaps and shuffling, ranks the highest; above Tony and – yeah.
Steve’s chuckle breaks into a gasp when Tony yanks at his hair hard, nips at his lips, licks into his mouth and kisses him stupid.
The guy who nerds out over space and machines and finds solace in obnoxious music. The guy who has years of his life still ahead of him with nice people – good people – people who genuinely care for him.
There’s a period between Steve’s departure and Rhodey’s arrival that Tony feels slightly unhinged. Prone to stupidity more than usual and he refuses to call Pepper because she deserves better.
He chuckles when Steve lets out a high sound promptly turning it into a low grunt, as if to let the caller know that he’s listening.
Saturday morning sees Tony in the compound earlier than the bird. In fact, he’s so early that he catches Steve, James and Sam leaving for the morning run.
It wasn’t even a flawless recollection; it’s a mess of memories jumbled up with sharp jolts of emotions. Variety of them; from then and from now.
Pepper opens a bottle of non-alcoholic champagne to celebrate his survival. Rhodey had patted him on the back before he left the compound. Bruce decided to follow him back to the tower to look over Tony’s latest reading on space mechanics.
So, he takes a courageous leap and sneaks a hand under Steve’s shirt. For a dreadful second, Steve freezes. His eyes search Tony’s and whatever he sees in them makes him lean back in, seal their mouths together and take his shirt off of him entirely.
Happy drives him somewhere, his stuffs packed into a luggage and stored in the boot of the car while Pepper holds his head on her lap in the backseat.
“I know that.” Tony interrupts. He’s not mad about Pepper. Never even thought he could ever be. “He told me.”
He forgets to breathe for a second. Taking the next inhale with sudden sharpness, pulling in more of that overwhelming scent into him and he closes his prickling eyes against the force of his inhale.
His heat embraces them both, Tony with his shirt off and his back cold but his front warmed from the inch separating him from Steve.
When he looks up, Steve’s staring at him with some skin to bewilderment and fondness. He doesn’t know where he falls in between those two emotions so he huffs disgruntledly and tugs again at the strap. “I hate this.”
Arms wrapped around his waist, Steve mushed his face into Tony’s front, ear picking up the beat of Tony’s heart, skin tingling from the muted vibration of the arc reactor and there’s a garbled raw sound that came out of his chest which he refused to think about.
Despite the muted reaction, the man doesn’t say another word, head still bowed down. Tony searches his face with a surprising thirst; caught off guard by the way his own eyes drink every single feature on Steve’s face.
Steve’s eyes flicker in the dim orange light. He says, “Not for the same reason as yours, no,” and he looks like he got something more to say following that. But whatever it is, Tony doesn’t hear it.
does. But there’s a part of him that has always malfunctioned when it came to Rogers, the part that decided to join Rogers by the hips, sing his name in chants, worship him,
Bucky hums, his hand cupping Tony's kneecap now that their position had shifted, and he gives it a squeeze.
Beside him, Tony Stark looks eerily composed; not a single emotion in his face, eyes hidden safely behind his tinted glasses as he continues to rock back on forth in his chair. When the video ends, he looks at Fury. “I’ll talk to Pepper,” he shrugs, “If your PR is incompetent, mine can take over. No need to get all riled up over it - Look, you’re even getting wrinkles -,”
He also thinks he has a poorer impulse control compared to Steve, as he brings his own hand and brushes a thumb over the twitching muscle; carefully gentle.
It's his thing. Tony keeps teasing him about it being a kink but really both of them know it's something more. Steve likes to undress Tony; take every inch of the clothes off of him, all patient and methodical, from top to bottom. Especially following fancy events like tonight.
Tony wipes his hands, takes another look at the circle of merry men in the next room; notes Wilson and Rhodey among them, and walks in the other direction.
Then, Steve’s eyes meet Tony who mouths a ‘hi’ and receives a muted ‘hi’ in return. Tony who has been holding his tongue and his empty coffee mug because he doesn’t know what to say.
“I must say, I was expecting you sooner, Mr Stark.” He announces, all kingly and regal while he waves off a couple of Dora Milaje who were insistent on following him and Tony to wherever they were heading to.
“It’s not,” comes the mechanical voice. Rhodey takes a step closer and ruffles his hair with a gauntleted hand.
“Don’t care,” he kisses him wetly, “Now is the -,” he pauses for another kiss, tucking a hand into Steve’s boxer, “- now.” He finishes intelligently, pulling a laugh out of Steve.
Then he curls himself facing Bucky, both of them closing a bracket of warmth in between and he tells him, “Go to sleep, snowflake. I’ll be right here when you wake.”
But Steve is a stubborn, stubborn man. He makes sure he gets what he wants by the sheer force of his will if that's what he's left to give. Or maybe it's Tony who's a weak dumb man when it comes to Steve.
“Let me know if I have to give a shovel talk,” Rhodey says conversationally, stepping into his War Machine armour.
Funny no matter how many times you've faced the same thing over and over, you can still be completely unsure how to deal with it.
Then - Tony is close enough to hear them now - Maria Hill impassively asks, “I suppose you’re preoccupied with matters more important than the President’s life now?”
He tilts his head. Then sighs, dropping the wrench with a loud clang that stops Tony in the midst of pulling apart the newly repaired armour so he can re-do it all over again. Trying to find solace in a numbing routine.
He takes a shower, puts on the pair of cosy socks he carries when he travels, wraps himself around the softest blanket which, he also travels with.
With that in mind, he shrugs to Barnes’ quiet, “Do you mind?” He has a book in one hand and a gun in his holster.
He’s slightly mussed, sleeves uncuffed, tie loosened and his hair look like he’d run his hand through it many times.
He’s shuddering in Steve’s embrace; shoulders shaking for a completely different reason than laughing, and he murmurs into Steve’s blushing ear, giddy as he his, with hopes and in mood, he asks;
Pepper nods, brushes a palm over he pressed skirt – a nervous habit on display, which is rare for Pepper – and looks up at Tony, eyes clearer. Brighter.
, kept pushing him again and again. Just because Steve stood up every time didn’t mean he deserved to be pushed over and over –
“It’s not like you have to immediately deal with him,” She says, and whatever she sees in Tony’s eyes makes her add, “I won’t call him again, Tony. I swear.”
Out of all those angry snipes, and jibes, something pure blossomed. They became friends, and it’s the most hard earned relationship in the entirety of Steve’s life, he doesn’t want to lose it. He refuses to lose it.
He was alone there too, but there were so many memories made in this space that he barely felt it. Everywhere he looked, he could see one of his friends; playing video games, bickering, lounging, or arguing. He felt surrounded, and that helped.
Pepper rolls her eyes, walking towards the couch on the corner as Tony makes sure nothing is going to catch fire before following her.
“Because I’m terrified of the idea that if I tell you how I feel, you will reject me.” Tony pauses. And then, because he’s got nothing else to lose, he adds, “There’s also the fact that you deserve so much better than me.”
He misses the way those blue reflect lights and dark and the way they bask in the glow of his reactor –
Helpless because he doesn’t know the answer to a question which he’s been obsessing over himself. “I – I don’t know.”
God knows, if not for his healing factors, Steve would be wearing a scar too; right over his heart – a stab wound, mark of Tony’s rejection out of cowardice.
Steve being Steve doesn’t move a millimetre, but Tony gives another push, feeling cool satisfaction washing down when Steve stumbles back. Even if it’s an act, it feels good.
It’s the maniacal part of him, he swears. The same part that makes him sway on his feet until he grabs onto the corner of his work desk as his knees give out on him. He lands painfully on his arse, even if it’s on the bench. Small mercies, Tony thinks faintly.
Wanda grins, “Nah, that’s all Sam and a little bit of me. It’s customized to each one of you,” she fidgets with her cardigan sleeve, overcome by sudden insecurity.
"A four hundred dollars bed?" His voice rises, scandalised, "What d'you take me for, muffin? Your boyfriend's a billionaire."
Slow and steady. Soft and basking, in every brush of their lips, the heat of their breaths and their proximity.
Tony lets the chuckle punch out, liberating his chest from the ominous squeezing feeling. “Good luck.”
Pocketing the phone, he picks out the leaf and twirls it, accompanying his fingers as he looks over the other side of the lawn where the kitchen door to the Compound stands threateningly.
Tony hates himself. But again, he doesn’t understand why Steve is so adamant to hold onto the past. He asks, “It’s so ruined, Rogers. What are you hanging onto anymore?”
“The little witch -,” he pauses, face falling abruptly. But his girlfriend speaks up, loud enough for Shuri to hear; “is visiting and she’s coming too.”
Tony watches and admires the engineering of the limb. More so, he feels guilty about ruining the one before this.
Or maybe he’s terrified when he asks why did you do that, Bucky would look at him like he’s an idiot, and say, “Because I love you, that’s why.” and Tony -
“It’s not your fault, you idiot.” Tony gives a harsh shake, yanking fruitlessly at his hands, locked in Steve’s steel-grip.
This week, he doesn’t spar with neither Wanda nor Steve, with how Wanda occupied most of Steve’s time, and by the end of it, he’s clearly exhausted to his bones – a super soldier, not an easy feat to wear him out like that.
When Pepper comes calling him for dinner, he’s refolding the last pile of the clothes he’d ruined in his frantic hunt.
Thus, it is surprising. Not only for Tony but for the rest of them too, who immediately turn to him, except Rogers (expected. Since they’ve known each other since forever and all).
He doesn’t know what he’ll do with that knowledge because he’s too faulty to take advantage of that without hurting himself by proxy.
Tony snorts, watching Steve spit it out all while glaring at Sam, but is soon distracted when Shuri says his name.
He follows pages as Steve scrolls down, stopping at the end and he takes a step back, standing next to Tony. “All the Avengers are in there.”
The other man nods back understandingly, clear eyes darting over and back from Tony’s shoulder too quickly to be missed. But he catches it, and he catches the weight in them even though it was fleeting and he knows who’s on the other end of that silent conversation.
“She’s suffering.” He sighs wearily, and Tony sees how he blames himself for this. Even if it isn’t his fault. But Steve can spin the tale in his head to point the blame at himself – and T’Challa said Tony is bad.
But there’s also a high chance that he’d started closing lid over his emotion-can so early on that no one still alive can recount what pure excitement looked like on Tony’s face. Not even Tony himself.
Monica pours him a glass of sweat tea. “I don’t know if the Accords will protect me or try to protect themselves from me, Mr Stark.”
She leaves silence in her absence. Wilson clears his throat, latching onto a topic to bug Bruce with; Bruce who’s far too willing to indulge him.
Tony clears his throat, giving up on the wire for now and making a grab for the grease soiled towel to wipe the motor oil off of fingers.
His back aches, all the way from his rear that sears in blinding hot pain when he tries to move – that maybe from sex, most likely non-consensual – but, who the fuck cares. Right?
Steve straightens up, letting his whole head pop out of the blanket burrito he'd wrapped himself in and Tony makes it a point to chuck his goggles with an extra dose of venom while glaring at him.
“Jean will be mentoring me personally.” She says to her mug of tea. “Since she and I have similar properties and all.”
If any one of them looked for him, he doesn’t know. He’s busy talking down a teenager to stay put in his school bus.
It’s Pepper he’s wakes up to, two nights later (or so he thinks), surrounded by sterile white walls and antiseptic smell.
It’s not close to what Tony would think of Steve, because Steve is more than that. Steve is like engineering; he makes up who Tony is.
Words failing, Tony closes his parted mouth and wraps his shaky hand around warm wrist, giving it a tug.
Pepper and Rhodey had tried for Tony once, it hadn’t been enough. He’d found what he needed far away from them.
“I’m sorry too. We fucked up; both of us. Not just you, not just me, but the two of us. But what’s done is done, Steve. I don’t want or need your apologies. I forgave you. I hope you forgive me too -,”
Tony knows, because he’s been methodically counting their synchronized breathing and Steve has missed five of his.
Living life is inevitably going to hurt him, bruise him, break him; Steve or something else, and for some fucked up reasons, Tony rather it’s Steve than something else.
But he knows what will happen the moment Steve finds out about it. Which is why he hasn’t told him yet.
Dream however he wants about breaking the news, reality will always going to suck when the time comes. There’s nothing he can do to help if he crumbles now.
But in Tony’s arms, Steve’s like the sun; hot pocket of air surrounding him liken plasma, burning fire wherever Tony touches him.
Tony misses him. He misses that crinkles that pull up next to Steve’s bright blue eyes when he’s unsure and he’s trying for a smile just like he is now.
“It’s fine if you don’t want to reinstall FRIDAY but I took in the liberty to install a safety protocol for you. The vital sensors still work and
But he has no dreams. No wish-lists. He has wish-lists for what to get done before the aliens invade the Earth again, but he has no wish-lists for himself. No plans for companionship or family etcetera.
His shirt is soaked through when he reaches the tower. So are his socks and if his pants aren’t jeans, it will be too.
“Twenty-six!” Sam whispers scandalously, eyes wide and gleeful as he smothers Barnes’ face with the pillow.
The cheeriness from the morning has completely vanished by the time they land in front of the Xaiver’s school.
But it’s wet. Her mascara doesn’t even smudge. She’s blotchy, but still pretty as she cries. Tony can only love her more for staying.
He feels Steve’s hand push his head down, chasing him out, but the force is weak indicating there is still a give which Tony obviously leans into and blows a raspberry over Steve’s navel.
Tony swats at it, hurting himself more than the other and he hisses, glaring at the mechanically cackling Rhodey.
His own memory from when he felt her power first hand is sizzling up front bringing traumatic fear in its trail, and he doesn’t want to let that fear show in his face, not when he doesn’t know what Barnes actually means –
It’s infectious. Illegal but infectious and beautiful; the way he smiles like that and effortlessly pulls a smile out of Tony as well.
Pepper hums, tearing a piece of naan to clean up the last smatter of gravy on her plate. Tony picks around his own untouched scoop of paneer. He can feel the texture on his tongue without tasting it. It’s not like he hates the cottage cheese. He has nothing against them. It’s just – hell, he doesn’t even know why he’s thinking of that now –
Before it could grow into a brawl, Nat saves the day by picking up the teabag and patting Sam’s head with a tissue. “Stop worrying about her, she’s tough. She knows what to do.”
Tony’s heart aches again but this time he lets it; buries his trembling lips on Bucky’s forehead in the pretend of a long relieved kiss because he
, Steve’s hands around his face, his mouth against Tony’s, guilt and regret clouding the heady air they made of the room in Tony’s California mansion. He’s beautiful in the glow of full moonlight. He’s always beautiful anytime, anywhere, everywhere. And he is.
Not Tony Stark; the owner of Stark Industries, son of Howard Stark. Not Tony Stark; the Iron Man, an Avenger. No. Not those Tony Stark, but simply, Tony. The mechanic.
Natasha vice grip around his wrist stops him. She doesn’t pull her strength this time around; green eyes glaring and plump lips pressed thin. “I did not say that. I never said that.”
Odd choices of words but the damage is done because Bucky is looking at him like he cannot believe his eyes now.
“Of course,” Steve hums, holding out a glass of water and Tony struggles to take; hand shaking like a leaf. He curses and Steve stands, tipping the glass closer to his mouth, placing the end of the straw in between his lips and he casually confesses, “I thought I’d lost you,” while Tony sips.
Apparently, it’s Pepper’s favourite TV show and Tony who hasn’t had a slight idea that Pepper enjoys TV in the first place, has been berating himself for the unacceptable ignorance towards his best friend’s indulgence.
Today it’s wintery cold. The grasses have died, the trees look barren; only twigs and trunks remaining. They look sad.
Break the one person he’d never imagined will even crack; and he really – He didn’t really think through it. This is not – He didn’t want this – He – This is a mistake. So wrong – Very, very wrong. God.
Who gave his life to protect his country but was waken up seven decades into the future instead; lost and grieving with nobody who’d once known him.
He fists his hands, feeling the nails biting crescent into his palms and he pulls a long, slow breath in, eyes closing.
Sam pilots back. Rhodey sits beside Wanda, supporting her head on his shoulder as she watches the clouds fade away.
He heaves a sigh and puts on a smile even if she can’t see. He feels like he should with her and Peter. Maybe that’s how his mother felt around him too.
But super serum and a super soldier; Barnes whips his head around to glare at him. “What do you mean?” He growls threateningly.
Pops in two melatonin gummies as well; all because while Tony has trouble sleeping in general, he has even more trouble sleeping in strangers’ place.
Once burnt, twice shy, they say. The burn across Tony’s chest is still painful to this day, he daren’t try another time so soon.
Tony himself nearly makes a purchase of a lifetime supply of shower stuffs when Pepper intercepts him with; “She got shops where she’s going, Tony. You’re not packing her away to remote island.”
It made you happy didn't it? So you keep on walking. Don't hate it. Don't stay buried. Just - Every time you fall, you know you have to get up again and you learn something new too; like maybe, remember to look down sometimes, check the ground, don't just look up at the sky.
He watches as her sharp gaze soften and her lips relax into something close to smile and he wonders if that’s how he looks when he’s looking at Steve.
He carefully deletes the same person from his recollection until he reaches the RAFT and he stutters to a stop.
kind hospitality, in their hidden land of richness, with his life on stakes should he chooses his words carelessly.
He remembers watching other parents; in both PTA and graduation ceremonies, wishing bleakly that it was Howard who kissed her pretty cheek instead.
Barnes no longer shrinks like a mimosa plant when Tony’s around. Also, apparently the guy can sass and hold a banter like anything, which is a wonderful discovery because things like that, is a step up in Tony’s book (the kind of step up where once you go there, you don’t go back).
Tony’s warm and content, he smells of his favourite shampoo and fancy deodorant. Someone had touched up his face; tempered with his crow feet which Bucky loves and he suspects it’s either Pepper or Natasha or maybe both.
Pepper – and Happy who has to drive her over (Tony wonders, if given the choice, would Happy come at all for him).
How, broken as he was, even before he met Steve, once he did meet Steve and fell in love with him, his broken wailed less to
p:s// i forgot to mention before, but if you're curious abt this version stevetony 's nsfw dynamic, you can find it
Except for Wanda. Who has been nothing but quiet in every team bonding activity she had sat through. It would have been worrying if it hadn’t become normalcy for her after what happened to Vision. She
A minute later, Steve bustles in from his after-gym shower with a solemn smile, asking, “All ready?” as he half-hugs Wanda. His gaze falls on Sam and immediately goes to James and he sighs, “Stop it, Buck.”
“Been picking after his messes have you?” Tony sneers, his vicious mood thriving in jealousy of what Barnes will always share with Rogers. Something unattainable even if Tony is to break seven levels of hell to get to Rogers.
The heat of his breath and the wetness of that single drop of water fallen from his still wet hair onto Tony’s bare shoulder.
fyi: i haven't properly beta read it. this has been exhausting enough to pen down. i'll reread it sometime later
Even before Steve opened the box, he rejected him; beating heart in his throat, fear and panic clouding his vision because he loved Steve too.
It doesn’t feel wrong when he says it. Liberating, relieving, like letting go of something he’d been clutching onto for so long.
This one eased the ache in his chest, coaxed the stillness and silence to break into a humming lullaby, almost puts Tony to ominous sort of ease; accepting he loves Steve makes it hurt lesser to love him; if that makes any sense at all.
about how he may have not recovered at all and it was all only to last as long as he was stowed in a recovery home, coming out of there means jumping head first into the entire hell spiral and
“We haven’t paid,” Tony tells him, louder when the outside air hits and his voice gets drowned by London traffic.
The arm around his body winds tighter, pulling him closer. Hot breaths circulate around them; hushed and stuttering.
Tony’s breath seizes just like it did when he first saw him today. But there were companies then, and it was subtle, milder. While now, they’re alone. In private.
Barton seems to have submitted and gotten an official approval for his resignation notice from the Council over the weekday.
Rogers looks sick for a second, jaw working tightly and he mutters low, “I may not have told everything.”
Later, he’ll learn that it was Barnes who found it first, and that he signalled her where to look, distracting the others and what Tony hoped would be a secret between only Natasha and him became a secret shared with Bucky Barnes as well.
Rogers has always had the power to bring out the worst in Tony. In that way, Tony realises that he may be Rogers demon; if Rogers ever deemed him that important to mark his century old life at least.
Then she gives him a few pamphlets on yoga and meditation. Tony would have given them a chance if only he isn’t feeling exhausted all the damned time.
But the hour ends and the name never comes up even once and Tony retires to his room, utterly bewildered by the turn of the event that he forgets he had said “Thank you” to her before he left.
“I’m fine, Tony. Thank you for asking.” Steve smiles at him, warm and solid, just a forearm length away from Tony and god, does that want hangs like a boulder on a thread, pulling.
The typing stops and Steve glances down. Soft brown hair tickling his lips as he presses a kiss over Tony’s forehead. “You’re welcome,” he whispers, “I love you.”
Steve wasn’t kidding about the celibacy. Tony looks at him gravely and declares, “I am injured and horny and you are making this especially difficult for me.”
“Stark!” Fury barks. “What I want.” He grits out, one eye dancing from Steve to Tony, “Is for that to never happen again,” he jabs at the screen. “This is not about your image. This is me, being concerned about the state of your team.”
His eyes suddenly wild and unsure when he sees where Tony has brought them to, they look up in horror at Tony.
Yeah. Tony thinks he can understand the appeal of being taller than Steve. Doesn't mean he's unhappy with his own height - he’s more than secure in his 5’9’’ frame - only now, he can understand why Steve kisses a 43-year-old man on his forehead sometimes, all the while looking at him with googly eyes.
He opens his eyes, intending to leave, but his wet eyes catch the set of drawers on the right of Steve’s bed.
Steve’s lashes flutter but he doesn’t exactly blink. Surprised, but still able to shoot Tony his favourite flat look. Tony preens.
“I knew Steve was following you, Tony. I know I should have stopped him the moment I found out – I did. I warned him off. But he was relentless and you kept vanishing off my radar and when I couldn’t reach you, he was the only one able to keep track of you. He pulled you out of some real sticky situations several times and selfishly – I hated him still. God, Tony. I didn’t talk to him or kept in contact with him – but I could sleep at night knowing he was watching over you. It’s so selfish, Tony. I know. I’m sorry. You can be mad at me, I just -,”
Tony follows his stare and realises he’s got a wrench in hand, held in an offensive stance. “Shit,” he swears. Wrench slipping off to land with a clatter on the floor. “Shit,” he swears again, looking down at it.
He fears the line of memory that his brain pulls out for him. He fears recalling the last time he’d seen Steve like this.
It’s only fair for all those years he’d ignorantly played the part of Merchant of Death, robbing people of love and the world of its peace.
Foolishly, he forgets to take into account that the heart wants what it wants and when it does, there is no way for anyone to dictate that choice. Even the great Tony Stark himself isn’t an exception.
There’s a beat of silence down the line. Longer than before. Strenuous and Tony can hear when Rhodey pulls in a breath.
“I hear you and Captain have made up,” T’Challa comments, staying behind with Tony who lingers at the landing pad, letting everyone else walk in first.
“I had to hear it from Pepper.” Tony brings up, as casual as he can manage while he rolls up his tie and pockets it, seething – unsure at what especially but Steve’s delightful grin is begging to be the reason for it.
His fingers come to abrupt halt sometimes and he pulls a sharp breath in, like he’s catching himself in the motion, realising what he’s tracing, but mostly, it’s a calming rhythm; bottom half circle, to the left, back to the centre, top half of the circle, to the right, back to the centre, rinse and repeat.
Tony wonders what’s she’s thinking; he’s sure she’ll share when and if she wants to, but still, he wonders.
He has a plan ready for his company and stock. He has a plan when it comes to the Avengers. He has plans for DUM-E, U, Butterfinger and FRIDAY. He has plans for Peter and Monica. Pepper and Rhodey. For the
Tony grumbles something about priorities and generations these days while Carol pats him on the shoulder, traipsing after Monica and her two new besties while T’Challa, out of nowhere, corners Tony for himself.
Now, she only takes what she needs and Tony, who used to wear his walls like skin, lets her in easily.
But the wiggle to his lips betray his mischievous intent spectacularly and Steve's already one foot out of the elevator by the time Tony lunges for him.
But Steve’s strong. Even intoxicated, he’s stronger than Tony and he gives a tug, pulling Tony back down onto him and he flips them over so easily. So neatly that one second, Tony’s sitting on the edge of the bed and the other, he’s under Steve, blue eyes gazing wondrously down at him.
His brain is numb, its usual cacophony of thoughts following the example of the void inside in chest; silent.
His thumb trembles lightly when they go through another motion of repetitive swiping over Tony’s cheek, but Tony turns his head a little and presses his mouth over the underside of Steve’s wrist and it stops.
He can see it as he moves as well, just a lean forward and as he cups a hand over her curled ones around the mug and he gives a squeeze, nodding at her encouragingly when she meets his eyes.
“Listen, Steve, honey, follow my count okay? Steve?” When he feels a nod against his neck, he begins the count.
By the time FRIDAY beeps him on the phone to signal dinnertime, he realises that he’d just worked through an entire hour and a half uninterrupted while Barnes - yep, still there – kept to himself in his own corner.
He looks away and he remembers. The three of them rarely in one room together, but Steve and Pepper had their own thing. Art museums and classical music. They had their own equation.
Tony has somehow become the single most important person in his life after he’d given up and accepted that nothing is permanent; after he was robbed 70 years of his life, after he’d lost everything he’d known and was asked to start over and he had been so lost.
Steve lets him do all that with a growing smile across his face. And once Tony deems the position complete, he feels Steve’s hand hooking at the back of his knee and another rubbing a circle in between his shoulder blades.
The King stands up, but doesn’t make a move to leave. Tony lifts his eyes from the ground, only because he wonders if it’s some weird Wakandan custom where people don’t leave until you look at them. But apparently T’Challa was merely waiting to hold his gaze before he delivers his final blow.
He pauses, shaky fist hovering mid-air, inches away from the wooden door, heart still thundering in his chest, his throat aches, his eyes are wet, his neck feels clammy and he shudders when a cold drop of sweat slides down his spine, jolting him back to his senses.
He runs trembling fingers through his hair, trying to push back the few strands that keep falling into his eyes but he’s shaking so much that it’s pathetically futile.
“Still stupid, but less.” Sam nods, shoving another spoonful of oatmeal into his mouth. James glares at him because he hates how he agrees with Sam Wilson on that point.
Tony stands, letting her see him; look in him for what she wants to see, and when she’s done, she says, “Thank you, Tony.”
For now, he’s right where he wants to be and he savours the feel; grabs onto Steve’s arm around his chest, sinks closer into his hold and he falls asleep to the pulse of Steve’s heartbeats.
T’Challa pauses, the arms he’d crossed over his chest loosening as he seems to regroup his thoughts for a while after.
But all the tricks advised to continue staying in bed until sleep comes so he lays, staring at the blue glow on the ceiling, finger pads brushing across his sternum, nails clinking minutely with the edge of the arc reactor, thumb grazing along the long hypertrophied scar left by Rogers’ shield across his chest.
Albeit whatever made him to; Pepper’s pointy heels or the impossible – or maybe not – which was, care, Rogers didn’t leave him entirely, but attempted
It was so damned difficult to put behind all those toxicity swirling in his brain, flush it down and resolutely walk away without looking back. It was harder than giving up alcohol and drugs.
Seemingly, he was trying to have his own quiet time too by the lack of curious questions this time around.
This is so fucked up. Literally the worst timing ever. If Tony hadn’t been already in shock from the nightmare, he’s willing to bet that he’d fare better now.
It’s been a while since Tony’s lain on the same bed with Steve with both or either one of them actually sleeping.
But he’s not broken in the way that Tony is. Or – he’s mildly surprised that he’s even thinking about the guy – the way Barnes is.
And it is - His heart is. All healed and pumping serum tainted blood through his vessels; keeping him alive like he hadn’t been gasping for breath in Tony’s lap just last week.
“So, you don’t approve of Danvers?” He tries again, watching Steve’s concentration focused raptly on Tony’s hand.
It’s such a juvenile and pathetic desire that makes his breath hitch, takes him back to 17 when he bid Maria goodbye and saw her dead body in morgue next to Howard and fuck.
Tony beams at her. Her floral eau de parfum a comforting distraction. “Well, now that you’re here. How was the date? Did you enjoy Paris with your beau.”
Tony sucks a breath in, the cold bowl in his grasp now slippery with sweat and no longer as cold but he clutches on to mask the tremble that has taken over his fingers upon said memory.
“All of them,” Tony breathes, lungs blooming fresh with the smell of Bucky this close, this warm and he could taste his scent on his tongue with every breath he takes.
Tony tenses his muscles, keeping the shudder that wrecks his spine contained and he nods jerkily, jaw clenched tight and eyes serious.
Verbally, vocalizes it. It may or may not always reach the sufficient decibels, but oh well, they usually suffice.
He minces, untrusting himself to handle another apology. He’s seething but he’s not so far gone to forget what he asked from Steve; to move on.
Tony clears his throat, drops his hand from where he’d clutched his chest. “Not in particular," he tries for nonchalance.
Bucky lets that information sink in. Then he asks, already knowing the answer, "You're not gonna buy this, are you?"
"Captain America, they said. Prime man full of virtues, my ass. This!" he points at Steve's exaggerated innocent face. "This is not virtue. This is playing dirty."
“I’m so sorry, baby. I’m so, so, sorry.” He sobs, forehead meeting Steve’s own as he cradles his face.
“For sure. But you can also call in anytime, Tony. I can tell you how my kingly brother is secretly a clumsy heathen.”
Wilson will be replacing her instead, following Rhodey, Steve and Tony to the visit the mutants on Thursday.
“What kind of question is that?” He demands her after. “Do I want to still be in love with him? Do I still want to be hurting? To mope around? -,”
But the result of that law is Tony cracking his eyes open - from where he lies on Steve’s lap - the minute Steve answers his phone with a serious ‘Rogers’ (which means it’s either Fury or Maria) and getting an evil idea.
Steve lifts one hand up, reaching for Tony’s chest dazedly before catching himself and promptly clenching it into fist, letting it drop to his side again.
Besides, even if they call him in, he can save his arse; done that so many times, he’s an expert at it.
Even if it means, he has to clean vomit from his toes, strip Bucky naked and guide him into a tub of warm water and then strip himself and get in with him when Bucky sinks dangerously low to drown himself.
“I have talked to Captain Rogers about this. I have told him what I’m telling you now. He listened, in the early months, he even sought after you. But suddenly, he stopped. He stopped trying and he stopped listening. Since you reminded me of the very nature of our relationship, Mr Stark, I must point out that my views and suggestions do not change; even in the priority of the Earth.
Natasha ducks her head, lips clamping around the rim of her mug and they stretch into a smile once she finished sipping.
for contact, starving for each other. Trembling with wants so violent that it bursts through their pores; spilling like white hot lava, burning everywhere their skin touch and maybe they knock several furniture over -Tony doesn’t know for sure.
“I missed you,” Steve confessed. Rasped it out roughly, and he kissed the corner of Tony’s mouth, then on it.
His headspace is a burst of many things but the silence swallows all of them. He focuses on that and keeps his eyes trained on Barnes’ clear blue ones.
When Bucky collapses where he stood; slides himself so his spine presses against the back of the couch, knees pulled to chest, head in his hands; Tony finally stands up.
to live there. Back before the mess with the Accords, had his own room and space and the workshop that is now for everyone’s use used to be strictly his.
Bucky laughs, giddy with joy, fill to the brim with it, and he kisses Tony back; long and deep, uncaring of the wolf whistles going around them before he winks, “Apology accepted, Mr Stark Barnes.”
With Steve, they can both achieve that, because god, their love is a fucked up thing but it’s the most beautiful fucked up thing Tony has ever seen; ever had the privilege of participating in; co-own it – and he can never think of any other person he wants to co-own it with other than Steve.
Steve frowns, scrunching the socks into a ball in his hands, and he corrects Tony stiffly, “He took the hit for you. It was his choice.”
Even when Pepper visits, even as the doctors try their best to get a word out of him; silent, is all he is.
He clutches his own bowl closer to his chest, worming his exposed toes beneath the fleece blanket they’re sharing and The Good Place is on.
“I know.” She placates him. “I know what you meant. And I’m saying that Rogers and the gang made the mistake to barge into the compound while Rhodey was in the middle of a meeting with the World Council post invasion. Now they’re facing the song for it and when Bruce, smartly came to the tower, I brought him here.”
Tony watches him for a bit before his own focus falls away and onto Steve. As they do these days, and all the other days
“I’m so sorry.” She cries but Tony flinches still, jerking away from her; pain twisting like a sharp knife into the gaping old wound which had never really healed since summer 2016.
And Tony lets him go. Breath heaving as he rolls off of Steve, brushing hair out of his eyes. "You asked for this." He tells his panting boyfriend; red in the face, hair mussed, spilling soft all over his face and he looks so precious that Tony has to just cup his face and smack a kiss on his grinning mouth.
“Just -,” Rhodey rolls his eyes, pushing his chair to stand up. He pauses at the foot of the table, staring into Tony’s eyes.
For all those number of times he questioned whether Steve Rogers actually meant when he said he loved him; because where was he? When Tony was down and rolling in hell,
Steve almost felt bad for keeping him awake. Almost. Because he was feeling particularly selfish tonight and this very memory was priceless to him. He wouldn’t exchange it to anything in the world. Even if that meant depriving Tony off of his sleep a little.
In his defence, he didn’t have her number. But he finally got to when he walked himself in the middle of a conference call Rhodey and Steve were having with Fury, Hill and Danvers.
This is a man he loves. Unconditionally with the whole of his heart and then some. This is a man he'd give anything for, do anything for and if he so much as sighs, Tony would crumble into nothing.
Arms across his chest and he’s incredibly steady on his walking aid. Tony’s proud of him, but he says, “No.”
Rogers finds a room and Tony notes with hilarity that it’s the same room in which he had had talks with Barnes and Wanda, in that order.
He sighs, the callous of his fingertips scratching lightly over the newly forming bruise one last time before he immerses himself into storing away the dried plates and mugs.
They put on their suits and visit paediatrics centres. Some orphanages and at night, they shed their uniforms for a round at the soup kitchen.
Barnes still has his back to Tony, from when he turned to watch Natasha leave. His tensed shoulder however, slumps in defeat. Tony sees the way he brings both hands up to scrub at his face.
Once upon a time, she would have pushed and pushed, needling her way through regardless of respecting privacy, but now, she’s different; grown, matured – they all have.
On his final week, they discuss about the possibilities of facing Rogers and how Tony will and should ideally respond.
“So what did you say?” Steve asks, leaning back in his chair once he’s done demolishing both of their orders.
But Tony keeps shaking his head from the moment Rhodey starts speaking. “No. No. There’s no need for me here. I’m getting old, and I cannot. I physically and mentally cannot, Rhodey. I’m gonna -,”
"Wanna get outta here?" He asks, voice lowered two tones, fingers pushing the hem of Tony's pants up; warm skin meets warm skin, curling around the bones of Tony's ankle, squeezing, and he relishes in the slight hiss that comes with it.
“Your father and I founded SHIELD,” she tells them, wrinkled hand in Steve’s careful grasp and she looks adrift as she recalls. “Colonel Phillips was in it because the government needed an insight and what was better than the entire military.”
Either way, by the time Tony goes for his next appointment, he finds himself talking about Natasha with a relative calmness within him. And when he mentions Barnes, he feels the same thing too, but a smile makes through the end of it.
“You and Steve…,” She trails off, neither of them peeling their gazes off of where they’re currently settled on.
“Thanks,” he says dubiously, screwing open the cap. Steve grunts distractedly, eyes dancing across the screen, studying all the details. He waits until Tony’s done drinking to ask, “What’s that?” He points at a different folder, on a different window. Tony sits up, holding out the bottle which Steve silently accepts and he taps on that folder. “An algorithm,” he states.
Tony’s no mind-reader, so her confirms his observation instead. “Nope. This wasn’t it,” while waiting patiently for Barnes to start asking actual questions.
Fortunately for him, DUM-E has mastered tact and drops a pack onto her lap. She laughs and pats him on the claw. He purrs.
When she comes back, Tony hands her a bowl of ice cream and she curls into him and tells him about her boyfriend.
The dews collect under his tips, cumulating into a big dollop of water drop that tilts the leaf to one side.
Theirs is based on mutual interest in science. But whatever had brought them together never matters when it gives way to something where in the end, they genuinely care for each other.
“The verdict then, was heart failure stage four. Stage three after some medication but the prognosis was bad, given a few more months, it was going to go back to stage four and I – I didn’t want to die.”
Kind of fitting isn’t it. When the physicality mimics the metaphorical reality. A pacemaker. Because his heart
Steve’s eyes are a brilliant shade of blue and they stay fixed on his as he fixes the strap, Tony’s collar and he says, “Sometimes when I look at you, what I feel shows and every time you catch that instance, you look away. You change topics or you do something absurd to burst the moment. Either you choose to pretend that you don’t know how I feel for you or you don’t feel the same so you’re trying to be polite for my sake.”
He listens as Tony grumbles about childishness and revolting level of cheesiness as he gently shoves Steve away from the desk and casually sits himself on Steve’s lap; defiant and petulant.
Peculiar as it is, with his bull-headedness and rash mindset, Rogers manages to keep away from Tony for one whole month.
He breathed. Tony; from his expensive cologne to the perpetual aroma of coffee that had now become Steve’s principal source of comfort and, he
Steve’s face falls. “I can’t today.” He winces. “Nat and I are heading for a recon. The Council called in late last night and we’ll be leaving before six. Sorry.”
“Wait till I feed you to the rhinos,” James follows after Peter - less bouncy but fast enough to pass by Sam - heading straight to scoop Shuri up into a swinging hug.
“What did he say?” He asks Barnes, tossing the dirty towel at him and watching him catch it swiftly, proceeding to meticulously rub the dirt and soot stuck to his metal hand.
And Tony leaves her to it, putting all his trust on her and he doesn’t wait. He has somewhere else to be. He shakes off the hands holding him back, and it’s Steve; his voice echoes his march; a pleading cry of “Tony, don’t!”
“He was just playing the waiting game here. Got three kids to feed and Laura’s officially terrified after the stint in Wakanda.” Natasha recited as if they’re all friends and they genuinely care for each other.
Well, actually it’s Shuri who called, asking James to come over for a look over his arm – “I’ve got some improvements!” – she insisted even as James declined and at the end of the day, even the Winter Soldier crumbles under a teen-girl’s pressure.
Tony thinks maybe it’s not just a Sam and Wanda thing. Maybe it’s Bruce too; making festive candles and decors.
Tony's mouth snaps close at one. His eyes narrow and he points the glue-gun at Steve. "You," he says, "You, you, you. I know exactly what you're doing."
2015, Spring, cherries and cakes. A little getaway to Hawaii on a whim. Pina Colada and beach with sun kissed skin. “Why don’t you try dating. Sure it existed in the 40s.”; “There’s someone.” ; “Sneaky, Capsicle. Who’s the lucky gal.”; “Who said anything about a gal.”
He knows the only way at this point is to talk it out but it’s past midnight and it’s bedtime where he is, so for god’s sake, the meditation better work or he’s going to experience his first sleepless night in the recovery home since his admittance.
“Hah!” Tony gloats. “I knew it! Who’s the lucky person. Do I know them? Is it the guy from R&D? Always knew you have something for sexy minds.”
To Steve, he swallows the last mouthful of ham and cheese sandwich with hot coffee and wishes, “Good morning.”
“But you alienated everyone. You pushed Rhodey away, you pushed me away and at some points, I didn’t even know if you were alive or -,” She stops, shaking her head, before continuing.
, because Pepper arrives that night. Takes one look at him and sighs, “He’ll be fine after some time.”
Dirty. Considering how nothing spicy happened once they reached the bed; Steve tricked him to sleep with the persuasive superpower he shot from his big blue puppy eyes.
So, he restrains and simply shakes his head, gladly leaning into Steve when the man throws his arms around Tony’s neck from behind him, their chairs bumping.
He knows how this looks like to the rest of them: Tony running back into Steve’s arm like a fool in love. He may be, but it isn’t like he didn’t try, dammit.
“I forgot.” He says, as a mean to answer her curious look. She doesn’t look convinced but she steers away from prodding him about the sudden change.
“Colonel Philips used to grind the living out of me back in the days,” he smiles, “Honestly, I’m glad to have a Colonel barking at my back again in this century.”
Liar, Bucky thinks. Squinting at the way a pink tongue peeks out for a deliberate lick over Tony's lower lip, in that practiced nonchalance pose Bucky's so used to seeing Tony when he's stripped naked, fucked out raw, and in post orgasmic bliss.
The wobble in her words sometimes and the rigid way she often held herself as if determined to not let life push her down because she could collapse with a kiss of breeze to her pink cheek.
His face drains out of its colour; eyes burning harshly brighter than before, he presses his lips thinly together, shoulders rigid the way they were when Tony had first stepped in.
Tony waits until they're inside the elevator to stare him up and down and he lets out a defeated sigh, "Still not fair."
“Mr Stark,” Rogers starts, looking harried yet sounding composed. “I need to look at the surveillance footage.”
Steve doesn’t respond immediately. Instead, he carries on with his work. The same easy smile lingering on his face promising a retort. Meanwhile, Tony concludes a few calculations and remodels a new product.
Maybe when they finally do, all they’ll do is waste time in the bathtub, neck deep in bubble bath for the entire afternoon - They don’t know. Won’t know that until they arrive there.
Tony’s heart stutters to a stop and has a hard time restarting. Pepper nods at him understandingly but allows him his own time of recovery.
Hearing the stressed conviction of the King feels like a smarting slap across his cheek, reeling him momentarily speechless. The silence stretches as both men stare at neither of them.
“He agreed to train after graduating so don’t worry about that. You’ll see a lot of him.” Tony assures him, twirling the min-wrench distractedly.
It’s Vibranium, and if Tony has to be crass, the selfish hoarding of earth’s strongest metal in the name of righteousness.
He nods. They finish their dinner gossiping about every one of those spiteful board members. But still, when the time comes for Pepper to leave, she insists to stay.
She flicks another glance at Tony, this time her lips curling mildly at one corner, a near miss but Tony sees it anyway and he exhales, long and slow.
“I love you,” Steve whispers to his neck, still well buried along the column of his throat, refusing to resurface.
But the thing is, it doesn’t matter if she asked him yesterday, or today, or tomorrow. Tony realises that he will never know the answer to that.
In retrospect, he should have taken a second to push all those thoughts away before he closed his eyes.
The rewritten Accords pardons the Rogue, includes Barnes as a War Veteran and victim; absolves the charges against the Winter Soldier.
Tony stopped. The room stilled in the silence, and he turned to face Steve. Eyes bright even in his weariness and he persisted. “Not without you.”
Maybe that’s why he lets Steve have that satisfaction of pulling him up to his feet and onto the bed.
He sits through the rest of the movie. Notices that Wanda has retired early and that there are now three bowls of popcorns, full to the brim.
There’s a part of him that shrivels when he thinks about her while sitting with Steve, across the ocean. It’s been like that lately. Ever since she walked in on them playing FIFA one evening and quietly reminded Tony that it was supposed to be their date night before she turned away, leaving Tony hugging a pillow to sleep.
Even the streak of smile he gives Tony is desolate. “I thought I was hanging onto something. But apparently, it’s nothing.”
He showers in crimson for a fortnight before he exhausts himself of that effort too and fails to move from bed for the next one week or so.
Ego says, Rogers knew. Reality remains, mundane; there is no way Rogers could have known the depth he’d ripped into Tony’s armour.
Tony’s still trying to shove down the shake. His bone aches and his teeth do too. He grits them and presses his palms against his closed eyes.
After Bruce called them over to test his new candy flavour for this year’s Halloween (it’s a Bruce thing, to give out hand-made candies when they do their annual Avengers-Halloween rounds, visiting one paediatrics centre after another).
They got to know each other when Tony was in his early teens and Rhodey in his late. It wasn’t an instant connection. They didn’t propel each other immediately either.
He turns off the tap and wipes his hands dry with a towel. There’s still something under his fingernails, unwashed, but he ignores that to ask Steve, “Is he awake?”
Steve startles at his voice, then freezes, eerily statue like. Tony takes another breath and carries on; they both know which fight he’s talking about.
They stand in silence for a long time. Eyes meticulously trained on the ground. Feeling the seconds tick by like nerves in his brain as Tony forces himself to keep still.
He knows it’s not anyone’s fault, but being the crowd, in that instance, he can’t avoid the guilt from twisting around his gut.
Kiss him all over until his jaw aches and he can’t breathe and all he can taste is Steve. Steve and just
He didn’t know what he was searching for. He just wanted to get out; from the privacy that felt like loneliness in the dark hours of the night and he needed warmth. Anything, a hot drink or simply turning on a stove top - he just needed to feel the heat desperately.
“Uh, huh. Sure,” Tony scrunches up an anomaly and tosses it into a holographic rubbish bin. “Does anyone point it out though?”
He holds onto her words to think about later. As for the moment, he laughs when Sam tries to smash Barnes’ face with his bare hand and she laughs with him.
Natasha’s hand is soft on his cheek when she turns him around to face her. “You would have done the same,” she murmurs, levelled and calm, close to his ear.
He thinks about saying something along the line of, “Only if you don’t choke me,” but he remembers how his Repulsor beam had ripped the man’s arm off during their last encounter and he realises at that moment, with sudden clarity that Barnes is broken too.
Steve’s hand over his chest stills, plastered over his breastbone, fingers tickling the edge of his collar and he asks, “Why?”
He doesn’t want to call Steve Rogers, much less, talk to him or work with him or just, anything at all – with him.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Steve says, poker-faced, eyes blank, staring right back at Fury.
What he’s doing? Is he watching a movie with the rest of them or is he sulking at the dining table, waiting desperately for Natasha play the eye for him while Barnes pats his shoulder morosely?
Most days, when he’s on his back staring at the blue glow on the ceiling of his bedroom, he believes he’s warranted all the hurt he’d been through.
“Think group therapy will benefit us?” He asks, sidling up next to Tony, sharing the bench instead of settling on one of the many chairs scattered around them.
and it feels oh, so right that Tony leans forward in his chair and kisses the cheek immediately behind his hand.
According to science, when metal brushes against another metal, given certain speed and force, it develops a frictional force large enough to spark flames.
Steve inhales sharply in that small space between them, blue eyes sinking rings in the sea of darkness.
Tony makes a grab for the lox and cream cheese one, picking at the capers and protesting with a mouthful, “You assigned me on a mission, Colonel. Or shall I say, Cap 2.0?”
So, with that faith he has for Captain America, he lets some leak for Steve too. Allows him some, like a deposit of sort, and he hopes – god, he so hopes – Steve doesn’t fuck it up this time.
Fuck. What is he even thinking? Is Steve Rogers and Tony Stark are even on smiling term anymore? But -
He’s not the only one who catches on that drift, for Sam puts a hand over her curled fingers next to the mug.
“He was – It was awful, Tony.” She recalls steadily. “He was distraught. I’ve never seen him like that. It was
, The smell of coffee, lemon scented shower gel. Steve’s skin was velvety on his tongue. His mouth tastes like mint in the morning. Tony liked him too, apparently.
They leave the compound that yields its own nature with a full heart that weighs rather heavily in expectance of the approaching date when they have to part with Wanda.
, just how stupidly cheesy is this guy? Except he feels his cheeks warm, and he steps aside to get away with an airy, “Well now that you have, I hope you feel better.”
He can see the lazy smile that pulled up on Steve’s face when he saw that Tony’s still there; shirtless, stomach down on the bed with one eye squinted open to smile back at Steve.
They have a simple introduction to mutants and their survival among the rest of the world. Nothing Tony didn’t already know, but he listens. It’s better to hear from their perspective than to read off of an article in internet.
Which is the other thing. Through the decade Tony had known Pepper, she had never watched a single TV show before.
He shakes his head in disbelief, eyes trained down onto the floor as he scuffs his shoe and wills himself to breathe. “I want to. I want
Steve exhales lengthily, sagging again, as if the weight of the entire world is only peeling out of his shoulders layer by layer, not all at once; one breath per layer.
Steve bites back his glee, lets his grin stretch as wide as it can get as he hugs Tony by his waist and kisses his nape.
Tony tries to bring dinner to her office when she cannot visit his penthouse, but most of the times, she’s abroad and he’s alone and boredom has never sit well with him; past, present, future, all accounted for.
Tony rocks them back and forth, with what strength he still has in his bones, feels Steve’s breaths and heartbeats completely even out and his own with them, and he asks faintly when he can feel his tongue again, and move it;
Dinner is a quiet affair with Wilson, Bruce, Natasha and Wanda. Barnes doesn’t make his appearance and Tony suggests Natasha go fetch him.
There are a lot of ifs in their history. So many, bulked up like mount doom, seeking chances to explode in their faces every time.
Steve smiles, smug and well - he has a very good reason to be, no shit. "All is fair in love and war," he says, chest puffing out in pride.
When Steve nods, he heaves a breath in, thumb brushing sinuously over Steve’s lower lip and he continues;
Tony glanced at him, in the process of rolling his sleeves up after losing the jacket and he chuckled, “Wouldn’t have a piano if I don’t play it would I?” He flung the tie over one shoulder and sat on the bench. He patted the space next to him.
and he’s pretty sure it’s more detailed than that but Tony’s too exhausted to pay her any attention.
Tony frowns. It doesn’t sit right with him. “What something?” He asks feebly, fearing the answer but wanting to know.
They leave Monica in the safe hands of Shuri, Okoye and Nakia. They drop Peter off with a note to May Parker. Carol drops him and the jet at the tower.
“What? You didn’t even bother helping with the decoration? Tony, that’s awfully impolite!” she gasps in mock aghast.
He's faced enough himself to know it is nobody's fault. Nobody did nothing or too much or too little and that it just happens, sometimes; without triggers, without comprehensible reasons and you move on from there.
Tony looks up from the stretch of flawless perfection into darkened blue eyes and shakes his head. “Not too fast,” he says, wiggling out of Steve’s hold to take his own shirt off.
But, he doesn’t deserve to rest. He is the reason why all this happened - is happening - in the first place. He caused this - How can he rest?
Tony minimises the window and pulls out another, zooms it out and crooks a finger at Steve, calling him in.
As for whom Steve himself is, Tony has no enough faith left for him; washed out years ago and that’s a pity but this is a new start. He vowed.
The realisation makes the spoon slip out of his grasp and clatter loudly, interrupting the quiet buzz of their team dinner. Tony apologizes, but Steve’s eyes linger on him, concerned.
“I broke you.” Tony pries away, tilting Steve’s head up, hands cupping clenched jaw as he thumbs at the fallen tears.
Bucky takes it as a cue to pull him into his chest. Wraps him tight in a hug, and he buries his nose in Tony’s hair. “I know, sweetheart. I’m sorry.”
“But you are the reason why,” Steve interrupts, stepping away from the wall, into Tony’s space. “You make me smile, you make me laugh -,”
He takes his cold hand, hard metal and he twines their fingers together, keeps their clasped hands on his straightened out leg, leans his head back against the glass panel separating them from the world and he asks.
Pepper snorts, opening her eyes, a smile now dons her face and Tony thinks, mission accomplished – well, sort of.
There was a trap. You didn't realise there was a trap there, and you fell and it's shocking but you stand up, dust yourself off and you climb out and you keep walking down that same beautiful road.
Pepper makes a face at him. “Can’t say. It’ll be cancelled out. Human beings, naturally have flaws on top of their - let’s say - advantageous. For example, where you’re a genius, you’re also ignorant sometimes -,”
Bucky doesn't have Major Depressive Disorder. His diagnosis, until six months ago, was Post Traumatic Stress Disorder with depressive tendencies which often comes in a violent surge.
Long story is, he started looking into super serum replication. Found the connection between Peggy’s accusation and his dear old father and Tony latched onto until the report ended at Howard Stark's successful experimentation in 1991. He dug deeper and he recovered filth.
He doesn’t wait for him to go on. He doesn’t have the energy in him for that; every one of his cells is still vibrating from those words Rogers – Steve. Fuck.
He would at least not have to deal with the aftermath of a panic attack; no sweating, no shaking, no tachycardia.
That he may be reckless, he may willingly put himself in danger’s line. He may be passively suicidal, but he isn’t that bad when he’d had tried to survive once, right?
A flare of annoyance lights up within Tony. He gets that they’re best friends forever. Been through the 30s and 40s and war and whatsoever together. He
"Come on, Charles," she ushers the boy away with a haughty accent, turning around from a distance to give one more disapproving look in Bucky's direction.
When Friday says, “No, boss. There was no need for that,” he buries his head into the pillow and breathes Bucky in deeply; relief spreading like a balm under his breastbones.
“It’s not bossing around. I forgot a detail and Jim kindly asked me to correct it,” Steve answers coolly from his desk, fit snuggly next to Tony’s side of the bed.
He sees why their friends worry. He sees what T’Challa meant when he told Tony what he should have to Steve because he didn’t believe Steve would listen to him.
Super soldier and their super speed: "Come here, you!" Tony calls, breaking into a jog and God forbid, he'd lived close to half a century of his life; Steve even worse, but also not. He's 33 if they're counting out the years he'd spent in the ice. Still old enough to not run but he is; bolting into their shared bedroom like the devil himself is at his tail, chuckles like chiming bells following his path.
With guilt and regret flogging most of his thoughts, he cradles Steve’s head to his naked chest, uncaring of the dampness Steve leaves behind. Not as long as he lets Tony hold him, Tony could give shit about the mess.
The night sky is a clear darkest shade of blue. Stars sprinkle all over it like spots of white paints on a black canvas. Even the breeze is warm on their skin like late summer evenings.
He knows then, Bucky leaned on those hands more than on his; and it's not Bucky’s fault at all because whenever Tony wasn't there - even if it's a millisecond opening - depression was waiting to grab Bucky for itself.
His eyes drift back to Steve’s hand and he can vividly envision his own curling around it, squeezing, feeling the strength of Steve’s fist under his own skin, but he doesn’t do it.
It makes Tony pause, still standing on the stool, file retrieved - which he hands over to Dum-E - and he smirks.
Steve couldn’t give him a straight answer so, Tony chucks the towel on the counter, walks past him into the room they're sharing for the night and nods at the bathroom when Steve turns to look at him. “It’s all yours now. Unless you’re leaving, then I suppose you’d prefer to shower at home.”
Tony’s staring into space after 78+hours work bender and he’s partly in but mostly out (somewhere cotton wool and smudged sky and a load of indecipherable ‘er’s).
Maybe it’s the aftermath of the avalanche from Saturday morning. The concoction of listening to Steve lose it, the grating desperation in his usually confident voice. The pleading. Which lead to missing him.
Rhodey snorts, kicking his feet out onto the table. Bruce responsibly pauses the movie they’re watching.
Steve hands a tumbler to Tony the moment he walks into the kitchen. They’ve cleaned the platter, breakfast all tucked away and done.
Steve’s eyes are still red rimmed, but they’re no longer wet, the furrow in between them has left as well but, Tony keeps brushing a thumb over one of his eyebrows, just in case.
“Can I talk to you?” The man asks. He’s less composed than how Tony feels. It feels nice to have an upper hand in one form or another.
Before he could move, he’s shoved down hard behind the couch and something shatters in the near distance. Once, twice and then several times.
His throat is distracting too, the way the Adams’ apple bobs up and down when he swallows and his jaw.
She nods, less convinced than he was hoping she would be but they stick to that until she tells him, on his second last day, “What if you talk it out with him?”
Halfway through a peanut butter sandwich, he realises with the lack of appropriate emotions, that he not only doesn’t know what he wants when it comes to Steve, but he doesn’t know what he wants when it comes to his own life as well.
“That’s not the point here, grumpy bear. Point is, SHIELD has an eye for what Fury likes to dub; enhanced beings. I saw a large concentration of his red markers focused north east and I decided to investigate.” He’d thought about telling them about Monica and Carol, but decided against it.
He speaks business with Rhodey, plays tennis with him on some evening. He sits with Bruce when he’s cooking and asks about his new pen pals across Pacific. He spars with Natasha and he teaches James how to build a bike from scratch.
Trembling as they trace just outside, horizontally and Tony doesn’t have to see to know what Steve’s following; the scar from the burn.
If he’d been disorientated, he would have jumped a foot high and made a fool of himself. But that didn’t happen.
He receives a soft shirt to his face and a towering Steve who orders, “Stay still,” while he methodically helps Tony out of the arm sling and his t-shirt and into a new one. “I’m not doing your pants,” he draws the line.
She didn’t have an answer for him then and the way she still looks at him - when she thinks he’s too distracted to pay her any attention - tells him she doesn’t have one even today.
He looks at Barnes. Deliberately pulling out the empty chair beside him to sit. He’d just walked in to see and hear Barnes joking around with Rogers.
Some more muffled arguments later, T’Challa speaks up, “Fine,” he sighs. “This Saturday noon. Do not be late. The gate closes after a minute.”
“We made a lot of adjustments along the way. A lot of compromises,” and she pauses, placing another hand over Steve’s. “Some of them, you wouldn’t approve, but Howard had his reasons.”
The thing is, sometimes the withdrawal symptoms doesn’t hit head first. It crawls up on you when you’re convinced you’ve finally shaken it off.
So Tony does, plops on the edge of their bed and lets Steve untie his shoelace. Left side first and then right, leaves him in his socks and dress pants, a half-unbuttoned dress shirt and Steve pulls him upright.
They all miss Thor. Especially during thunderstorm, when they all take turn to look outside, it’s visible as much.
It must have been some quite some time; him sitting by himself in a dimly lit kitchen with no sound and nothing else on both around him or inside his mind.
Tony closes his mouth and nods. This is their second meet-up, Pepper brought it up during their Friday dinner. “I know, have fun.”
These thoughts are the ones that keep him on the run. Feet not stopping; from New York to Wakanda as he puts everyone else’s priority over his.
The next morning, he wakes up to Natasha at the foot of his bed, Steve still fast asleep in his own.
Tony soon learns that a small pile of scrap at the end of the workshop is where Barnes sits to clean up his choice of weapon.
Wanda, she surprises Tony the most. Tony noticed how she was bristling with nerves, her power sparkled in invisibility as they climbed down the jet. But after meeting their host, she has distinctly calmed down.
“I don’t know what happened to you there, but I saw the ripple effect of that. It hurt. I was so mad. I hated Steve for you.” She pauses to breathe and Tony copies her, didn’t realise he’d been holding onto his as well.
