cigarette smoking, not experimenting with it.”
“Cap,” Natasha interrupts, shaking her head almost imperceptibly. Steve turns to her and sneers, then, surprised with himself, clenches his fist and takes a step back. Tony hasn’t forgotten about their audience, he simply doesn’t care. His reputation has preceded him in almost every social interaction of his life. Playing the bad guy is nothing new to him. Tony can’t wait to see how the good captain devolves though. Perhaps it’ll bring him down a peg or two, having everyone see him for the angry little man he really is.
That’s how they spend most date nights.
“Okay is this going somewhere?” Steve interrupts tiredly.
“I fucking did it!” he hollers. Him and Bucky stand and yell in each other’s faces for a moment, like two twenty something year old boys, and then he’s grabbing Tony’s face in his hands and smacking a big wet kiss on his lips. “I fucking
“It’s good,” Steve comments. Tony nods. Maybe Steve was wrong about him being his type; maybe Tony’s different.
And another thing: they don’t always fuck? Like, sometimes Tony will drive his rich, pretty ass out to DUMBO and ring the doorbell of the fucked up brownstone Steve shares with
“Okay, and then that means you know how I feel about that type of shit. I don’t want to date him. I just know he wants to date me and I need to figure out what to do with that information.”
“My sparkling personality?”
This time, when he pulls his hand away, Tony’s vision is swimming and he desperately gulps in air, shaking. He’s thrusting his hips up quickly, chasing the beautiful friction and working to come.
“Break up?” Tony whispers, shaken. He didn’t realize that Steve was unsure about this.
Steve is confused, “Okay?”
“Go on upstairs,” she suggests primly, “James and I are gonna hang out down here.”
So it’s Saturday and Steve goes to work and when he gets home at like 5 in the evening Bucky is sitting on the couch with the infamous Kate Bishop, who’s been spending quite a lot of time with them it seems, and Clint is in the kitchen cooking
“It’s very normal, actually. I’ve got some time off, I’m visiting people,” he’d shrugged, because it was true. Lots of his classmates were leaving campus now that they were done testing; going to see friends and family and the like. Tony didn’t see why his doing it was something noteworthy. He kept puttering around his apartment to avoid looking Pepper in the face.
“What the
Sometimes Steve forgets that he’s supposed to be cool and edgy, aloof and absolutely unaffected by all of the sappy emotional shit that everyone else is plagued by. He watches Bucky and Natasha in the morning—the way they move with each other with gentle hands placed on hips, private smiles, and soft laughter as they go about making coffee for the entire house—and he’s both endeared and slightly disgusted. It’s weird, seeing his best friend all strung out on love because it makes him different and it makes him ridiculous, it always has. Steve staunchly refuses to be that person, but it’s often hard to remember because of Tony.
“Nothing’s
Tony advises, “Don’t think about it too hard,” and grabs Steve’s hand to lead him up the stairs. His hand is huge around Steve’s wrist like most men’s hands tend to be, but he doesn’t grind the bird bones together, and while Tony’ practically dragging him around he’s doing it excitedly, and not like he’s trying to get Steve somewhere he can’t be seen very quickly. He doesn’t know how exactly he can tell there’s a difference, but he can and that’s enough to make him smile as he stumbles after the man through his house.
There’s a lot of begging and pleading on Steve’s part, and pinning and soothing and fucking on Tony’s, so an hour and some change later Steve is lying on Tony’s chest, eyes closed in exhaustion as he processes what has just happened to him. The entire experience felt like rapture, like discovery, like being opened up and picked apart only to be made whole again with a few extra parts that were distinctly Tony. Steve never felt like he was missing anything in the past, or like he needed someone else to make him happy but having Tony make him happy is such an amazing addition he understands why the universe made him wait so long to have him. Steve is, like, stupidly grateful to have to big lug in his life and he expresses as much by falling asleep wrapped in his arms and not worrying about what Tony will think of him in the morning. Because Tony, unlike Rumlow, or Grover from U-Hail, cares about him not because he's got a tight pretty, pink asshole but because he himself is a pretty pink asshole, complete with tattoos and piercings and a bad attitude, and that's enough. It's enough for both of them.
Toni would never admit it, but this is like a treat for her. She sucks dick like a champ, has basically no gag reflex, and relishes showing off all the tricks she knows. She’ll look up at Steve, her amber eyes glinting with mischief as she laves at the head of his dick, coaxing precome out of his slit, and smile like she’s really getting a kick out of it. He’s had her fuck herself on toys while she sucks him off, making herself come with no help from him at all. Steve has it on good authority that Toni absolutely loves giving oral. But more than anything she likes receiving it. Toni sees giving head as a favor, a demonstration of devotion, something she does for Steve to relax him and make him happy, and the idea that someone would do that for her is not one Toni likes to dwell on. She could teach a course in self-flagellation, and that’s coming from a World War II era Catholic; Toni doesn’t think anyone would want to do something for her for the sole sake of making her happy. But she loves having Steve’s tongue on her, she loves the shivery feeling he gives her when he slides a finger or two into her hole. She loves the noises he makes too, loves that he could stay down there for hours, and that he can hold his breath longer than the average person. Steve just gives so much when he goes down on her, and Steve knows that it’s for these reason that she rarely asks for it or even suggests it. If he goes down on her before sex, that’s one thing, but it’s a whole different situation if he spreads her out with the sole intention of making her come with his mouth until she’s walking funny. What’s even scarier for her is when he has her sit on his face; and that’s why they reserve it for date night. That way Toni knows, without a single doubt, that she’s getting treated and she doesn’t have to ask or feel selfish. She knows Steve will be so good to her, will go to town on her and even grab her a nice big glass of wine between rounds.
If he thought Steve was capable of knowing any other form of torture that didn’t consist of physical or brute force, he would think that he spared his body just to kill his soul. But he won’t give the asshole that much credit, so he just forces himself into the shower and pretends Steve never came to his house. Therefore, he never left.
,’ Steve thinks while Tony goes to sit in the passenger seat without a word, leaving Steve covered in sweat, cum, and tears. ‘
scared, and he has had multiple nightmares over the years with scenarios way too similar to this, but unlike the night terrors, Steve is not looking at him with void eyes. The solid and very much real Steve hovering over him, has eyes filled with wonder, fascination and arousal so thick you can barely see the blue in them. Perhaps that makes all the difference.
So Tony is scared because he will never fully stop fearing Steve, who has a blood count too high to keep a record of, who has fallen out of the universe’s highest pedestal and built himself a reputation of fear faster than any villain they had ever fought. But truth be told, at this moment that information seems irrelevant at best.
Tony mumbles something into his neck that he can’t make out.
Tony stands up and cracks a smart joke, Steve quirks a corner of his mouth up, and makes small talk on their way to the car.
It starts with Bucky being found and with Tony getting lost.
are you?” Steve sounds angry because he is, he is angry at himself for not having asked sooner, for falling so easily down the rabbit hole that is Tony Stark.
Lately, all Tony does is pretend and pretend and pretend. He is used to doing it with the press and the public; he doesn’t own them a thing anymore. But pretending to Rhodey hurts, it’s not the first time that he has kept things from his friend to avoid conflict between what Tony feels is good, but Rhodey knows isn’t right. But above all, he is pretending to himself that everything is fine, and that is the most exhausting part.
The bodies start appearing again, a trail of missing lives across Europe with no recognizable pattern, and the scenes are always messy and unsophisticated. It is almost always bad blood, that much Tony will give him, but it doesn’t take away the gruesome of his work and the fact that the rules of who gets to live or die are only known by Steve himself — everyone else is playing catch with a mouse they never bothered to make a trap for.
gets stuck in his throat, he swallows and starts walking in the direction of the car. The action of taking Tony there safely turning out to be more difficult than it should be.
He blinks up at the ceiling, and if he were stupid or weren’t Tony Stark he would ask Friday to double-check that, but he won’t insult the intelligence of his own AI. So he gets out of the bed and walks into the kitchen to find that Steve is, in fact, sitting with a coffee mug on his kitchen table.
“I won’t leave you,” he repeats, softly and clear like the breeze cooling the back of his neck.
The thing about sleeping with a war criminal is the inevitability of having them always running away. They have a solid excuse though; the whole incarceration with multiple federal charges and the promise of never feeling the sunlight again would be enough to keep anyone moving. So it is not exactly a case of personal disputes, and rationally, he knows that. But after one too many times of waking up alone, the used sheets drying in his skin and his ass cold and sore, he might start wondering if it is really the government they are running from and not the fear of facing him in the morning.
Steve keeps his hold strong, solid and careful. He wants to tell Tony to stop. Tell him he won’t drop the most precious thing he has ever held.
“I could still kill you,” Tony warns because it has to be said.
Fear gets replaced with arousal, and Steve’s thumb is replaced with his tongue. A moan gets ripped out of him and then, all too quickly, Steve is not touching him anywhere, he stands there, a tension creeping into the space between them. It takes Tony a few seconds to look up at him, his eyes shocked and pleading, already missing the warmth of his mouth; Steve turns around and just as fast as he arrived, he leaves. The tension disappears just as quickly as Steve’s silhouette in the night.
Steve ends up sitting on him, and he blocks the memory of a lust-filled night where he rode Tony just like that. He chooses to press the gauntlet at Steve’s ear, ready to burn his skull and shoot his brains out.
“Tones,” he sighs, “promise me you would take him down if dared to come for you, or that you would alert me or the others if you uncover what he is really up to.”
Steve feels as if the floor is collapsing under him. The coast, the car, the skeleton of the house they all start spinning.
When he wakes up the day after, the disappointment and loneliness that he should be used to welcome him into the morning — but somehow are only getting more unbearable — are coming back when Friday interrupts his pity party.
The line goes dead.
“You always leave,” Tony says, unwavering.
There is a lot he wants to ask, too much that it is making his throat close, and his anxiety spike up, so he opts for not muttering a word and stealing Steve’s coffee for himself.
Tony hears him getting closer so he turns to face him, he looks tired, purple bags under his eyes, and lines that shouldn’t be on his face yet. But despite all that, those same tired eyes have a spark in them, a spark that screams: ‘I’m alive, I’m Tony Stark, I’m Iron Man.’ It makes Steve breathe easier, feels relief wash all over him.
“I love you too.” Steve replies like it is obvious. It never was to him.
Tony’s tongue is hot in his, the faint taste of alcohol present on it. Steve licks, licks, and licks until it disappears for good. He does this until there is nothing but the intoxicating taste of Tony invading his senses.
and that is what pushes Steve over the edge.
“I am,” Steve assures, standing as well.
“I love you.” Tony confesses but doesn’t realize it until his own words are rigging on his ears. The repulsor starts to burn hotter.
to run himself to ruins, if only to break Steve.
“I won’t leave you.” It’s a vow. No, a promise. A promise that Tony obviously doesn’t believe if the affronted look that he shoots Steve afterwards is anything to go by. It should be expected. It shouldn’t hurt so much.
The sun is starting to rise. In another time, not too long perhaps, he would be parking in one of Malibu’s most expensive houses, not to mention the most sophisticated and beautiful.
The seconds go by without an answer, so he says his name again. This time it sounds like a plea.
Tony bites his lips hard, demanding, drawing a bit of blood. Like all the important parts of their story, this one is also written in red.
"I'm afraid," Rhodes chokes out and this isn't the Colonel he's speaking to. It's a best friend who is desperate, a man afraid to lose someone he holds dear. And Steve, Steve gets it, he gets that desperation. He's felt it before, he's feeling it now. "He's been drinking so much. I- I don't know what he will do. I should hav-"
, he says when Tony refuses to unlock the door of his lake house.
Steve sucks in the cold air and exhales it slowly through his nose. He tries to think logically, to remember that Tony should know better at this point, tells himself that it’s anger bubbling in his chest instead of guilt. “That’s not how it works, Tony.”
“Tony, what the hell?’” Steve actually sounds surprised, moving at the last second to avoid the contact like it never crossed his mind that Tony would try to physically hurt him with something as mundane as a wine bottle, “Have you finally lost your mind?”
Steve Rogers is not Captain America anymore. The star on his suit — the one that used to shine and represent the country he fought for —  is now a target on his chest and those he saved are the ones looking to fill it with bullet holes.
Tony works, eats, sleeps, and then works some more in the Tower. But it doesn’t feel right. Just like SHIELD’s apartment, Steve feels like the tower was never Tony’s home.
He feels his blood run hot while he screams, “Lost my mind? Fuck you, Steve. You don’t get to be condescending to anyone anymore, much less to me.”
he grumbles when he inevitably freaks out about the trail of blood he is leaving behind.
Eventually Tony stops moving, the last of his strength apparently leaving his body, all his limb go slack and his hot forehead come to rest on Steve’s neck.
What’s more, Steve isn’t even nice about it.
“You’re drunk,” he accuses instead. Steve curses himself, thinks Tony is going to hang up on him but instead he hears:
He shifts uncomfortably at the memory, hot blood rushing through his veins while he tries to look unfazed, giving a little nod like he agrees. But of course, Rhodey doesn’t look convinced.
He gets out of the car, fear still on his tongue but confidence still present in his walk. He spots Tony easily, a tiny figure facing the ocean, he approaches him immediately not waiting to miss time.
Tony opens his mouth, closes it again.
, he mumbles absently when Tony demands to know where the fuck it came from.
He reaches for Tony’s hand and finds hot, sweaty skin and as if Steve’s contact transmitted a bolt of electricity into Tony, the rest of him starts to shake as well, knees finally collapsing probably in exhaustion.
Denial would work perfectly fine except it happens again, and again, and again.
Steve groans in frustration and starts the bike, driving out of the obscured parking lot with no clear direction in mind.
Steve bites his tongue and wishes, for a split second, it wouldn't heal as fast just so he could taste the blood.
"Did you see it?" Rhodes asks, voice trembling, starting to lose control. "Did you see him?"
It’s awkward, Tony will admit, because for some time now Steve’s feet have made the bi-monthly visit to his house and have been planted firmly on his bedroom floor while he put Tony against a wall fucking him. One hand holding Tony’s wrist, and the other three fingers down his throat, enjoying the sound of his moans mixed with the choking.
He calls the Iron Man gauntlet, and he feels more determined than he has been in years. It has gone too far; this is how he ends it.
Tony silences him by nipping the soft spot underneath his jaw. His hand sneaks inside Steve’s pants and closes around his dick.
He thinks about the offer Tony made him once, his own floor at the tower. He wonders if he wouldn’t have been so caught up in his past, so blinded by his pride if maybe that could have become a home for the two of them.
“Are you going to answer or do you wanna play twenty questions, hm? I’ve got time, I guess.”
“Who the hell do you think you are Rogers?” Tony rasps, and before he can let out another smart ass comment, Steve is shoving three fingers into Tony’s mouth, stroking over the fleshy parts at the back of his throat and gagging him. When he pulls away those fingers are covered in stringy saliva, thick and runny, and he uses it as lube when he takes both of their cock in his hand and begins furiously stroking over their hard lengths. Tony writhes as Steve’s foreskin rubs against the silky skin of his own hard prick, his body lighting up at the rough feeling of the post battle scrapes and callouses on Steve’s hands. The younger man presses them together, chest to chest, so that he can whisper in Tony’s ear, once again placing his hand over Tony’s throat and giving a hearty
But since I'm the author I decided to make the story of a Harem/Peter or Peter/Everyone expect with Tony, Steve since they are his parents here in the story, oh and Matt and Frank are so totally my second favorite OTPs~
He had a great time getting to meet the rest of the Avengers, even made friend with the Human Torch, who revealed to him as Johnny Storm, the young brother-in-law of Reed Richard (which surprised Peter because he had met Reed Richard a few weeks ago in his dad’s reunion party).
Peter swung from building to building. It was good that nothing happened and anyone in need for his help but still- ‘Aww…come on, man! Three weeks and still nothing.’ Getting frustrated, he spun another round as he performed his acrobatic movement in the air only to pause for seconds when his Spider’s sense was
Tony and Steve sighed in relief by that news. But right now, they had a bigger problem. The couple did the only thing they thought was right; they asked for counsels from their fellow Avengers who were parents themselves.
“Actually pops I was sunbathing, and since the pants was getting in the way, I had to take it off.” Peter pointed out obviously, which didn’t amuse Steve who was already having a hard day.
Two weeks later, everything went normal for Peter. His aunt May was coming back home from her field trip next week on Tuesday.
“Yes, Mr. Parker?” The teacher asked.
Steve gave Tony his soft, reasoning smile and cupped Tony’s face. His thumb ghosted against Tony’s cheeks. Tony leaned into the touch before Steve moved forward and kissed the crown of Tony’s forehead, trailing down to peck his chin, lips and Steve had the decency to sigh contently once Tony responded to his kisses. Tony, in his part, didn’t miss a beat to reciprocate by kissing back.
“It’s fine. I don’t actually have parents anymore. Well I used to have them but they died in a plan crash when I was seven. My Uncle Ben just died about three months ago in an incident.  The only family member I have left is my Aunt May. I’m the only child…” Peter scratched the back of his head. (Poor kid) Bruce heard Steve say through the intercom. “Forgive me for asking such matter then.” Bruce actually meant it. Peter shrugged before saying.
“What about him?”
Technically he was their son. But they thought Peter didn’t know that yet.
“Okay.” Steve replied as he began to put everything inside the bag.
. Can you believe this shit?”
PS: I'm still making the chapter 9 at the moment. :)
“Agent Phil? The dude who works for Nick Fury?” Peter asked with a squeak. “Yes. Oh, so you have met him?” it was of a statement than a question. Peter nodded anyway.
Both Steve and Tony glanced at each other. “As long as you’re happy going to that school, I don’t see why not.” Steve said. Peter flashed them a smile. “Thank you.” He said before continued to eat his dinner. Steve and Tony watched their son eat his meal with content. They couldn’t help but to be happy that Peter was at ease with them. Tony and Steve held their husband’s hand under the table.
“Good. Meet me here tomorrow in the morning. We’ll take you to the Avengers tower to meet the rest.” He said.  Coulson stayed behind and went towards Peter. “Look on the bright side kid; you’ll get to meet your idol.” He smiled, leaving the boy by himself. Peter was shocked by the statement.
“Guess that will do—ah shit-”
Steve and Tony were stunned at this new found information.
Peter who was hopeless went for Tony for help make his aunty better.
Inside the boxer was another box, but with red-designated color squared box. He took it out and opened it, only to find that inside it was a baby hoodie blanket that was still neat and new. The blanket had a printed of Captain America design all over it.
PPS: The original author of this story is me, which is Korchan26, WookieCookie is my beta.
Tony went to his and Steve’s bedroom. A phone was on his ears. He ordered Happy to prepare his private jet tomorrow morning and to get few things for Peter
He glanced at his husband who was ready to make a scene right now. Tony was far from pissed. He wanted to murder Nick Fury right now. Steve sighed, easing to calm his husband down by turning Tony to face him.
Thought the effect only lasted once a year. Richard had been injecting the serum into Peter’s system each time he aged. Each serum was different; the first serum Richard had injected Peter with was the first serum that he had created.
Instead, he settled with calming the boy down. His arms twitched to take the boy into his arms and shield him from the world. . “Shh…it’s okay Peter. Tell you what? Why don’t you stay the night here? And tomorrow we’ll take you there, to your aunt May with my private jet. And, I will also tell Steve to inform your principal of your future absence for a few days due to an emergency. Okay, sounds good to you?” Tony fussed.
.’ Hawkeye thought. “Uh… Might I point out that I’m not a bad guy, I’m on your side?” He said. “Oh, really? Then what are you?” Spiderman asked. “I work for SHIELD. An organization who gathers people with the ability like you.” He said.
“What is that? I don’t like that.” He caught on what James had found on the video footage. Bruce, Richard and Avengers stopped what they were doing and scanned at the holographic screen.
A soft smile graced Tony’s face as he said, “I’ll still continue to be his teacher. And don’t worry, I did give Peter two days off from our project and lesson so that he can have some time with his friends to hang out with once in a while. I’m not that cruel to a child Steve. I know that they too need some break once in a while.” Tony said as he added, “So there’s no need to worry about us having another meeting tomorrow.” Tony began typing something on the computer they had in their bedroom. Steve watched Tony as he began to talk to whoever it was at the other side of the line.
“This really is very important to me, to us Steve. I know that SHIELD had tried their best to search for our Peter those years ago. But I think they weren’t being thorough. Still, my point is I think that this Parker kid is our little Peter. I trust my instinct with this. I had the same feeling the moment we laid eyes on the kid when he came to us along with Bruce at the tower five months ago. I just didn’t try hard enough to notice of it, until now. This tiny little hope that maybe, just maybe, that this kid is our Peter and we’re his parents, his biological parents for that matter since I’m the one who gave birth to him. I want to do this… I… I want to be with our baby boy again Steve. I want him back. Don’t you want him back as well and see him grow up and get to know him?” Tony pegged, getting all sentimental and emotional over it. After all these years they’d been married, Tony never showed his emotions to anyone, expect to his husband Steve. Besides, Steve understood him better even without Tony’s knowledge.
Everyone looked more confused and interested at what Logan was keeping from them.
The two raised the child in secret, only the fellow Avengers knew about the boy, and the boy had taken Mathew’s last name for safely reason. After all, Frank wouldn’t want to know what would happen if their son had shared his last name. He had enemies who would shamelessly use what he held most dear just to rile him.
BTW: I wanted to know if anyone here want me to make a Civil war Superfamily version fanfic? Just asking. I might make one when I finish this one? This story I means.
He glanced at the now closed nursery room and couldn’t help but feel happy about it. Happy knowing his dad, his biological dad still wanted to have him back. And technically he did return to his parents like they had hoped.
back. I want those night kisses. I missed you cap. I know that we’re living together; sleeping together in the same bed but everything is so different. You’re so being distant. I was worried that you were going to leave me or something so I never said a thing and I know you told me that no more secrets now that we are married but I--“Tony said talking in a worried voice.
Peter said, feeling somewhat loved.
“JARVIS scan that video and zoom it closer so I can see what they are taking.” Tony ordered in a low derision voice. It felt like he already knew the answer but still needed confirmation.
. His sense screamed for him to move aside and he obeyed wordlessly, moving to the left as an arrow missed him by an inch, passing his right ear.
“Very well.” Natasha said. “Is that all? Because I really should be getting back to my classes.” She said. Natasha nodded. “Yes, that’s all you can go now.”
There he saw Steve who was making their dinner.
It was raining when Peter took another spin from his night duty. He was still mad about the previous ordeal.
Gwen excused herself as she went out
“No way. Isn’t that an incubator transport for infant?” Johnny Storm said which made Tony freeze on his spot. Steve noticed this as he immediately went toward Tony and tried to calm him down before he spurt another outburst.
“What? I can’t believe this! You too? Tony this is a human being we’re talking about! Imagine Peter’s feeling if May—”
“Wait! What about Gwen and MJ?” he asked.
’ Bruce thought. “Shall we take this somewhere else Parker?”
It took everyone four hours to stop Tony from rampaging everything and everyone. He finally calmed down and was now in their bedroom, sitting down on the bed while watching a recorded video of Peter doing his stuff in Tony’s lab alone with him. The boy looked somewhat happy, enjoying some time with the legendary Tony Stark. Everyone drifted out from the tower once Tony had finally eased down from his prominent temper and asked Steve if they were still going to continue the meeting tomorrow. Steve looked at him for seconds before he stated that they would, after Tony finally regained his composure back.
They acted like they were at home. Acted like a family, which made him feel uneasy. Maybe just maybe, it wasn’t a bad idea joining the Avengers after all?
he groaned as he put away his weapon and went on and began to attack Spiderman head on. ‘If my arrow won’t work then maybe getting close combat might work in placing the tracker on him.’ He thought.
Peter groaned. “S-So t-that means that t-they know I am Spiderman now?” He asked. Bruce sighed, nodding his head.
“No kidding?! Who signed your approve signature? I’m sure it couldn’t be your Aunty May since I know I was there when she went out to that flower camp!” Harry asked.
Soon Hawkeye had caught up to Spiderman. He saw the guy go and take a detour only to stop near a building. He noticed the kid was looking from right to left, making sure that no one was around or following him. He sighed in relief as he took out his bag behind one of the wooden doors. Hawkeye grinned as he lightly made his way toward Spiderman without making any noises.
Hawkeye pulled out his bow and arrow and began to move.
“I know that but still, it’s not right to just accuse her like that! We don’t even know if she’s involved in this.” Steve replied. Before the two could continue, Clint intruded in the middle.
Bruce sighed. Everything right now was a total mess. He could only wish in the end, things would go back to normal, if not okay. He could only pray. He sighed again before getting up and decided to tell and put Steve to bed since Tony was already in his and Steve’s bedroom, fast asleep, but not without curling his arms around his body, trying to make himself as small as he could.
“We asked around and some of them gave us an interesting story… Well, it was about Richard Parker.” Jane said.
“Can you believe it? I mean, what are we? Babysitters of Spiderman? Sure the guy has some spark and guts for stopping these petty crimes but that doesn’t mean he’s anything big!” Tony ranted. “To the people on the street; he’s something bigger, more important than us.” Clint said which earn him a weird look from his friend. “What?! Okay well yeah we’re also important but we’re different than this guy.” He moaned.
“See what I mean? The kid acts just like Spiderman from the way he speaks and delivers his speech!” Tony said to everyone.
He told Happy to get five days supplies since Peter probably wanted to stay longer with his Aunt May. Next, he rang Pepper, informing her he couldn’t go to the meeting tomorrow and yes, he knew Pepper was scarier than Steve but hey, when it came to Peter, nothing could stop Tony.
He took his Spiderman outfit, stuffed it in his bag, ran downstairs to meet the Starks and informed them of his need to take a walk in the park, he wouldn’t leave for long. Steve reluctantly allowed him to do so. Tony disagreed bitterly; protectiveness latched within his voice but eventually let Peter go.
All the times he kept silent, let it all continue until it went too far and now nor two words or all the words in the world could be enough to reverse the damage he started.
"I don't know where he went," Rhodes continues while Steve leaves the room. "I can't find him, no one can.
He is so close to Malibu and he is driving so fast that it registers in his mind that he might crash the car for Tony Stark. He doesn’t have the willpower to slow down.
” Steve repeats desperately and needy.
Describe Tony Stark: A hero, a friend, something more. Maybe.
He thinks:
Tony sobs harder. “I’m home.”
“You are not here,” he spits, shaking his head, his hands shaking on their own.
This is how the world sees The Avengers: they rise, they fall, they disappear, and then they rise back again.
That would be the beginning of their new life.
The outside of the small apartment is cold. Steve is barefoot and the bitter taste of fear is so strong in his tongue that it makes it nearly impossible to talk.
The phone crumbles under his hand. He is supposed to be Captain America: rational, honorable, and brave. But he dropped that part of him along with his shield in Siberia, left to freeze.
“So are you gonna take me home or what?” he asks after maybe two consecutive hours at the bar. Bucky emerged from the employee room 40 minutes ago with Natasha, a sly blush warming the tops of his ears and one of her fingers hooked in his belt loop. Natasha was looking incredibly satisfied with herself. Kate Bishop was pink cheeked and happy the last time he caught sight of her and Clint making a fool of themselves on the dance floor, and Steve figures that everyone being happy and nothing being burned to ashes means it’s a safe enough time to leave the premises without having to worry about his friends being arrested or dying.
Clint rolls his eyes, “Yeah you’re in love with him. You saw God with the help of the splendid p-plundering-,” he burps,  “-of his cock, yadda yadda, people are dyin’,” he states irritably. Steve is drunk and warm with it and gives zero fucks about Clint being annoyed.
“Oh look how pink,” Tony exclaims gleefully. He flicks at the clamps on Steve’s nipples, watching as they briefly go white with tension before the red flares up again. He’s probably going to bruise. Steve’s skin is so lovely and sensitive, Tony wishes he could torture him like this forever. As it is, he’s being pretty greedy; Steve can take it longer than most. “You’re so fucking cute, too. You think you can hide how much you like it,” he chuckles. He focuses on the other nipple now, toying with the clamp. It’s almost like an experiment, something he can study and collect data for. Steve, kneeling on the floor between Tony’s spread legs, blinks owlishly up at him. His face is as red as his poor nipples. Tony kisses his forehead.
He can picture Tony's phone, sleek and sophisticated, this new century packed in a tiny screen and then there’s the phone Steve sent him, old fashioned and generic. And why would he, why would Tony Stark carry that with him. Why did Steve even expect-
Steve is quick to catch him and support his weight, maneuvering Tony’s body to carry him bridal style.
He digs his short nails into his palm, as if trying to desperately hold onto his control, and he can feel his pulse quickening at the same time that his temper begins to rise.
It’s childish and vengeful, and all around the result of a Tony that has been so hurt that he just wants the disappointment to come so he can deal with it quickly.
he kisses the top of Tony’s head, rocking harder against Tony’s body. ‘
he says at the end because they haven’t had a trace on him for too many days and they are worried he is plotting something bigger.
There is a hint of accusation in the last sentence, as if Rhodey knows deep down that there is no way Tony wouldn’t know how to find Steve. But his friend doesn’t dare to be straightforward with it, and Tony pretends he doesn’t hear it.
Leaving the secure, small town behind, he calls Tony one, two, ten times. The phone rings and rings and rings up until Steve’s heart starts beating in sync with it.
“Let’s go h-“ he cuts himself off. The word
Describe Tony Stark: Big man in a suit of armor. Not a hero.
And then he lets himself be talked into giving a press conference, and there is the adrenaline of lying live in front of a camera, his tinted glasses are in place, and he clears his throat before he starts calling Steve names.
“You weren’t here to stop me.”
He hears the words over Natasha and Clint's bickering, over Sam's snorts, over the erratic beat of his heart.
The again, this was aunt May. She was loved by everyone she had met.
Clint looked all smug. “It’s the other way around. I’m comparing this child to you since you’re the child of Avengers yourself.”
“Wait! Are you telling me that you want me to join the Avengers?” He questioned. “It’s your choice, kid.” Nick instilled.
Clint pointed his thumb to said Captain America, who was nesting himself beside his husband on Tony’s special heart loveseat (Special made just for them both), looking all innocent with his wide blue eyes. Pssh, a mere façade. Clint knew Captain America could kick ass. Steve raised his chin, “What? I mean the kid doesn’t even look like it. He…to me he looks all innocent to pass up as the Spiderman we know.”
Could it be said that Bruce Banner was working with the guy who attacked him days ago? If it was true, why would they go this far just for one man? Would he play in their twisted game? Should he put himself in harm just for this? Peter inhaled slowly. He could play along, see where this would go. Besides, he was Spider-man. It wouldn’t kill anyone if he joined, right? Right.
“It’s kind of creepy how this kid almost looks a lot like you too, Tony. Especially those eyes and—“Johnny spluttered impishly only to be cut off by Henry‘s ‘Shut the fuck up before I feed you my expired strawberry jam’ glare. The human torch was tip-toeing the line by almost bringing up the memory of Tony and Steve’s lost son.
“I would love to try for the internship after-” Peter said.
Peter blinked his eyes, making up his mind. The boy jumped out from the bed, exploring the place since he hadn’t finished sightseeing yet. He opened the exit door and sneaked quietly as softly as he could, trying not to make a noise. He knew both Steve and Tony along with the guests were already asleep and he didn’t want to alert them.
Tony who was from behind the hallway heard their conversation and couldn’t help but to smile at that. Peter was finally opening up a bit after the past few days.
“Very well. I could give you a few lists of our honor students here that might interest you…” He said as he went to pick up a thick folder with student grade background. “Thank you. That would be great. Does the student have pictures of them so I may know who I’m looking or dealing with sir.” He said.
Still angry about the whole ordeal of finding out to who he really is? Peter take a night out duty as Spiderman to cool his mind off. Seeing the boy was distracted by something? Nick Fury took this as a cue to corner the boy and talk him into joining the Avengers. Peter who had no choice agreed to join the Avengers. Wonder what will happen now that Peter was finally part of the Avengers?
Tony replied back through.
Pointing out here that Logan didn’t give a damn rat ass about everything. He just wanted more drink.
The surprise look on everyone’s faces still didn’t deter. Except for Logan of course. He looked blank from the moment Peter came in and left . “That was stupidly something.” He harrumphed. “T-Tony… Is this the reason why you won’t tell us this kid’s name? Was it because he shared the same—” Henry couldn’t continue when Tony interjected.
“That’s okay, Peter. I tell Happy to get it for and you can borrow an unused sleepwear for tonight and there’s an extra toothbrush on our guestroom,
He also found out, that Tony, who he thought was his biological dad, was actually his biological mother who had given birth to him. It freaked him out. Richard Parker didn’t reveal much information on that part about Tony Stark being his mother. He also found out that Steve Rogers-Stark was his biological dad, who had impregnated his mom (Tony).
“The third one is almost like Iron Man suit. Plus, here.” Tony handed what looked like a thick watch to Peter.
“Well goody. Time to track Spidey.” He said.
“You can’t guess just happy I am right now, Harry!” Peter’s voice boomed.
When they were done, silence filed the room. Bruce tapped his finger on the list board, throwing a glance at the boy before stating his decision. “I think you’ll do.” He said.
Peter held his scream, his jaws trembled, crying silently in the room where once, was occupied with two heartbeats.
Tony took Bruce’s seat while Steve walked the other way around to sit on his son’s bed. Peter looked drained. He threw his tired gaze at his hands, not having eye contact with his parents. He was too scared to see their disappointed look. Steve frowned at how Peter was looking afraid of something. But afraid of what?
“I…I didn’t know the Avengers are working with SHIELD. I thought Iron Man hates working for the government?” He asked confusedly.
But after Richard Parker’s death, the serum had less effect on Peter’s system. If it wasn’t for the Radioactive Spider’s bite, Peter would probably be dead by now.
Tony raised a brow as he examined each and every thing his hands could touch in the basement. Steve went on to the freezer and to his surprise; it was still working and inside it was a neatly kept serum the couple had worked on.
“So I take it you’re going to take science course when you get to collage?” Bruce queried. “Yes.  I’m still thinking whether I’ll be taking Genetic or Biochemistry or Mechanist or Physics course or-” Peter blushed when he realized he was rambling.
Both science brothers pondered whether this intelligent ran in the family or if the boy’s father taught him. It would explain Peter’s gifted intellectual, obviously.  Though, it most unlikely. The boy’s father died when he was a mere child. Tony had to agree. So being smarty-pants ran in the family then.
“Your dad’s right, Pete.-”
“If you’re sure of it…”Steve sulked.
Tony often went to visit the nursery room that he and Steve designed years ago whenever he was bored or in need for a break from his lab or sometimes just feel like staying there. He felt as if the child was still around albeit knowing he wasn’t with them anymore. They hadn’t got rid of it or rather, they couldn’t. None of them wanted to forget their son that was stolen from them a few weeks later after he was born fourteen years ago. If Peter was with them right now, he’d have Tony’s hair and smart, maybe Steve’s puppy eyes and ,and, and-
It was midnight when Peter woke up from his sleep; he was having another strange dream like the last time. He glanced around his backgrounds, finally remembering he was at Tony Stark’s tower in one of the guestrooms. He sighed and frowned. He knew he wouldn’t be able to go back to sleep. Not when his mind was preoccupied by his dream and of his aunt May.
Peter was amused. “Dude! Seriously?! Your parents named you
Peter scowled before sighing. “It’s not like I want to be picked. It’s high school. If you’re not on the top of the food chain, you’ll become the laughing stock. It’s either one of these.” Peter said. Bruce knew if Steve was here, the man wouldn’t just let this slide. The Captain disliked bullies.
“So you want us to-…what? Go and see if this Spiderman could like join the Avengers?” Tony asked, already getting mistrustful of what Nick Fury wanted them to do; to see if Spiderman was worth enough to work beside them. “Yes. I want you and the rest of the Avengers to see if this Spiderman is worth the effort of making him as one of SHILED agents, or one of the Avengers.” Nick Fury alleged. “You’re saying to let this kid become part of the Young Avengers group like the rest of the teenagers you‘ve found?”
“Mr. Banner here would like to interview you about an internship.” He said.
Technically, they were his parents but he thought Steve and Tony didn’t know about it.
“That not what you said a moment ago.” Bruce softly whispered.
they might be the ones who stole our son. Perhaps it’s just a coincidence that—“Steve explained but was cut off by Tony.
Few days later they went back to New York. They buried May Parker next to her husband, and in-laws.
“But pops! I was bored!” He retorted. “So staying upstairs the whole day wearing nothing is your way to spend time?!” Steve asked. He certainly didn’t expect this.
Steve rolled his eyes at his husband. Trust Tony and his need to shower Peter with
After dinner Peter excused himself and went towards his bedroom. He flopped down on his bed, thinking about stuff, about how his life turned out now that he was home with the Rogers-Stark couple. He glanced at the desk table to where his adopted parents’ journal on, wondering what he should do with it.
Steve stopped him with another simple, quick on his lips again and hushed him as he said. “Hey, Hey... None of that now, Tony. I’m sorry for avoiding you but you didn’t notice that you too were being the same to me too all those years ago ever since Peter was taken from us. I was worried that you were going to breakdown or something. But hey, I’m glad you’re not… And I’m… I’m just happy to see you back to normal. I was worried that our relationship would never go back to the way it was before like in the old days but I’m
When she got back to their ride, everyone eyes were on her. “Well? What happened?” Tony asked. The spy just gave them her ‘Not much’ look and ones needed to know when Black Widow gave you that look, it meant you wouldn’t get anything more form her.
It was Natasha’s turn with the boy.
Peter thought as he was dragged by his parents to meet his new teammates.
“PETER BENJAMIN ROGERS-STARK! GET YOUR BUTT OUT OF THE ROOFTOP! WHAT THE HECK ARE YOU EVEN DOING THERE BUTT NAKED FOR?!” Steve yelled through their communicator in the house. He could hear Peter squeak and yelp.
“What the heck is our plan B anyway?” someone asked, mostly Logan who was confused about the whole thing in the first place. And why weren’t they discussing something far more important such as the outer creatures attack, the possibility of the end of the world –or something along that line?  Instead they were, looking up for a…what? A deceased married couple? For what? They weren’t even gathered for anything big. He was only here because he owed that damn Captain America.
Not a minute later, Iron Man and Captain America - who was being carried by Iron Man – and the rest of the Avengers arrived. Hawkeye looked up at Captain America, “Come on get up so we can catch up to Spidey.” He ordered.
“It’s too early to tell, Tony. You can’t possibly extricate everything from something like this. None of us have properly met him other than the Avengers themselves. Consequently, we cannot decide this point yet. Moreover, you see him as Spiderman. All I see is a kid mix of you and good Captain here. Other than that, none of these materials are helping or can be used against him. For now, the kid is untouchable.”
“Sir is currently in his lab.” Jarvis voice boomed from above. Steve sighed.
“You hear what the boss said people? Get out there and find any information you can about the Parker’s family background,” Steve ushered. Soon everyone finally went with their given job. Clint silently sulked and pouted while going towards out with his new group four on babysitting Peter Parker while the team two: Henry Pym, Henry McCoy and Ben started their research on the Stark tower’s main computer lab, which was below the thirty-third floor.
And I also wanted to know on which Venom you guys wanted Peter to pair up with? Pick between Flash (Eugene Thompson) or Harry Osborn as Venom.
It faltered though when Tony gave her a different set.
Hawkeye perceived that he’d been caught. He tch-ed inaudibly. ‘
“Thank you; I’ll inform you when I get the approval from Mr. Stark.” Bruce stood up from his seat, bidding the boy farewell. Not turning back to see Peter making weird happy moves.
Peter was dumbstruck “Wait! Stark Industry?! As in the one and only Stark industry?!” He asked.  Bruce chuckled at the kid’s expression and said. “Ah. Yes…you see Mr. Stark wishes for me to find a better…student for him to take in with…as an internship…err…offer?” He stuttered.
kind of quote. Steve was out with a new mission with the rest of the Avengers.
Peter remembered he was going to need a pyjama, fresh clothes for tomorrow and a toothbrush. “W-Wait! I…I need to go back home to get some things.” Peter quickly added.
The small touch made his husband turn to face him. “Talk about what Steve?” he pathetically asked.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Huh? Funny… He only wrote here the experiment name as just Peter… Wait! Fuck! He was experiment on his kid? That’s just sick!” Tony said as he snapped the paper shut, looking all pale and horrified. Just then the video recorder stopped and was placed with a new record; this one had a video of Mr. Parker sitting in his small office in the lab as he began talking.
Pepper yelled at Tony through their phone and explained to her as to why he couldn’t attend the important meeting tomorrow. Tony didn’t hesitate. He began to enlighten about Peter, about him and the rest of the Avengers had finally found his son, his long lost son.
“And may I take Peter somewhere else for our interview?”
Tony pouted at him before saying. “But you are honey; you look dashing hot with jet black hair. I know that our relationship for the past fourteen years is not as steady as they used too, but I would really, really love to see you in that hair in our bed half naked while I stare at you the whole day as I—“ Tony said but was cut off as Bruce said,
though it wasn’t without Tony’s small protest that was ignored by his husband.
Tony in his dazed state, went on drinking, throwing some of the glass wine on the wall before deciding to just sleep it off and hoping everything that had happened was nothing but just a nightmare he could forget. Just some twisted dream or nightmare, nothing more. Steve, on the other hand, spent his whole night in the gym, trying to vent his anger on the punching bag. It only resulted in him breaking the object from the force he frowned upon it, sending the thing knocking on the wall, creating a dent. Steve panted a little as he glared at the now broken, cracked wall.
“I do not know, Peter. Your parents have never said a single word. However, your mother, Mary did leave a letter and her journal for you. She wanted me to give it to you when you turn fifteen but you’re old enough now to understand this thing. S-She even managed to get your father’s journals as well without his knowledge and wanted you to have it. So please Peter, whatever happens, just remember that we all love you. Your uncle Ben and I, your parents, adoptive or not.” She said with a soft yet trembling sad smile before adding.
Mathew was pregnant with their son, something that had to do with the radioactive isotope. It made Mathew able to bear a child; the news was a shocking to both of them, but secretly overjoyed by it.  Their son was two years older than Steve and Tony’s son.
“Just give me a day; I might start working on that weapon for Clint to use.” Tony added.
Tony went on but Steve cut his rambling off. “I know that, but maybe they or she might have changed her mind and adopted a baby boy that looked so much a lot like—“Steve twitched when Tony interrupted his string of words. It looked like it was habit now, not letting the other to finish their sentence.
Chapter 8
“Tony, we’re not even sure if this Peter Parker is our lost child. Do you think Peter’s parents would do such a thing to us? Don’t you remember Peter once told us that his aunty was a lovely family he has left? She told him his parents loved him dearly even though they’re not alive anymore. And judging by how he sounded when he explains it to us, I doubted Mr. and Mrs. Parker would do anything immoral.” Steve supplied.
“-I left my bag at the school!” He panicked.
Steve batted his eyes. His son was eating junk food the whole time? Preposterous! His son needed to be in a perfect shape and health.
“He does speak and act like you a bit. We have encountered Spiderman plenty of times and let’s just be honest, the kid has a badass attitude, and talkative. He babbles too much. In fact he’s kind of reminds me a lot like you, Tony.” Clint explained.
It was Peter turn to be confused when he was called to the principal office as he followed Ms Tina towards the office. When he was in, he saw not only their principal but someone else. On the chair sat a man, wearing a purple sleeve shirt, brown pants and office shoes. “Ah. Parker. Have a sit.” His principal declared. He blinked his eyes before sitting down. “You called for me sir?” Peter asked.
He called Tony and the others in which did and couldn’t help but to have a horrified look on their faces at the sight of it.
Bruce went towards the old baby boxes, opening one while Clint busied himself with the bookshelf.
Tony thought before going towards the kitchen to wash his hand and get a drink.
to which Tony returned it determinedly, meaning he had made up his mind and was ready to tell or show Peter something.
“What now? How can we tell if this is our guy or not?” Natasha asked. “Don’t cha worry ‘bout that. Bruce already took care of it.” Clint said with a grin that screamed victory. “Care to dig me in?” The men did just that, with a Cheshire grin plastered on their faces. Except for Steve of course, he looked rather regretful. Like a beaten kitten.
“They were planning to do a mission for the rest of the Avengers to capture and persuade you into joining our group. It seems like Nick had beat them up to it. They were trying to make Hawkeye test your skill a few months ago. That was the mission they were supposed to do but Nick was at his limit and being impatient about it and well…” Nova said, stopping a bit to think of a way on how to break the news to Peter in a nice way.
Hello everyone.
Groups one was trying to find a way to get inside without being caught. Since, after all, Tony Stark was a well-known rival of said Oscorp Company. “Uh… Tony… Don’t you think that it would be better if you disguise yourself into something less noticeable?” Bruce asked.
“It’s okay, sir. You did your best, and we’re grateful for that.” Steve beamed forlornly. The doctor nodded his head before excusing himself to tend to his other patients. They were the only ones left in the room. Silent filled the room until the archer broke it. “Look on the bright side, it means you can have Peter back in your life by adopting him if May doesn’t survive this.” Clint shrugged. Steve gaped at his friend, his mouth wide in disbelief. “CLINT! How can you say such a thing?!”
“I would like for everyone here to know that Spiderman is already part of the Avengers. He will be working alongside us. Well, mostly he will be put in the Young Avengers for the time being. I’ll let it be handled by Captain America and Iron Man since the two are the leaders of the Avengers. They will be the ones to decide to where they want Spiderman to be with.” He said.
Steve thought as he placed the photo back to where it was.
PPS: I would also like to thank you to WookieCookie for being my beta, even though that she took her time editing this chapter while still having a mid fever, I still would want to thanks her for all the help she did.
“Yeah. You too. Well then…I think I should go now. Farewell. Oh, and bye, Mr. Stark! See you on Monday night sir, and sorry about ruining your reunion.” Peter apologized before running back to the elevator, got inside and pressed the close button.
“Before I continue on to record the experiment result? My wife doesn’t know any of this. I’ve doing this to our adopted son behind her back…” Mr. Parker paused for a bit, taking a deep breath before continuing.
“Does it really necessary?” Peter blinked.
Steve, Bruce and Richard could hear Tony making through their communicator. Steve groaned at that.
Peter froze on his spot when he noticed Bruce was inside the room as well, sitting on a plastic chair. “Uh…B-Bruce? W-What happened?” He asked. Bruce just eyed him seriously which made him felt uneasy. Bruce sighed before saying.
In the boy’s defense, it wasn’t that he was being ungrateful. He was still mourning and everything the Starks had done for him didn’t go unnoticed by him. He truly appreciated it but he couldn’t deal with any of it yet. He needed time.
“Probably somewhere in Switzerland, lost, hurt, lonely and totally broke while weeping near a dumpster.” Pepper rolled her eyes. “Pep, you just stab my poor heart with your lack of faith in me.” Tony pouted. “Whatever Tony. You have a good day tomorrow and may things go smoothly with Peter’s adopted aunty.” Pepper said before she hung up.
Francis Castiglione visited Mathew Murdock’s new apartment. Mathew for his part let the man in.
Tony gave Peter a smile and a tender, slow brush to his head. Peter gawked at the man. That gesture was why too affectionate for Tony Stark.
Peter woke up to the sound of his alarm clock as he switched it off (smashing it, due to his new mutation power). He sat up, stretching his arms and giving a little yawn here and there, before leaping out of bed. Peter went to the bathroom to take a quick shower. When he was done he put on new attires before marching downstairs to the kitchen for breakfast; cereals, milk and sandwiches, before heading to school. He left note on the freezer for his aunty May to know he went out going to school already.
“I…Peter…you-you are not Richard and Mary’s son. You’re adopted.” May reached out to the boy. Peter stayed still and quite as he continued to listen. His face gave nothing away.
“Steve, there are only one to ten percent of people who have the same looks but are not by any chance, related by birth or by blood, and you know that’s rare to happen!” Tony pointed out. Steve was silent by the statement. Okay, so maybe Tony had a point.
“Sounded like they were trying to create a super soldiers like Cap here than a simple antidote to cure a disease.” Tony pointed with a hiss. Richard shrugged at that.
Peter stared at the neatly folded letter on his table his late Aunty May had submitted to him before she died. Two journals belonged to his late parents were beside it. He stared at it for a while. Almost fearful, dreading of what he would find out. He already knew he was adopted by the Parker’ family. What could be worse than that?
He thought. Peter shrugged it off, got ready to school and had breakfast.
Along the way, Tony and Steve were getting attached to the boy (something that wasn’t part of the plan at all), opening up and growing worry of the boy. Sometimes being protective of him whenever they saw bruises on the boy, a result from the bullies. In silence, Peter was the son Tony had ever dreamed to have. Thus why he couldn’t help it if the need to pummel whoever hurt Peter somehow overwhelmed him. It was vice versa for Peter. He imagined Bruce as his uncle (No one could ever replace Uncle Ben) and both Starks as his father figures.
“Eh? Not much. And from what Richard said about them unable to conceive was true.” Natasha said.
Soon they followed to where Spiderman’s location by through their tracking device which was on Tony’s armor suit as the tracker pin-pointed somewhere near Midtown Science High School. “Huh?! Spiderman stopped around here?” Tony said. “Something’s not right.” He crooned as he double checked his device. Bruce, who reverted back to his normal size and form, saw something near a tree.
“I…yeah. I was going to come here and… Well…ask you a favor?” He asked a little bit shy and nervous since Tony’s entire friends were eyeing him like he was something they wanted to dissect and study. “Favor? Oh! Sure kid. You can always ask me anything. So what is it?” Tony asked, a little edgy. “Oh… I was just going to…uh… I was going to ask if…you can sign this for me...” Peter fidgeted, producing a paper and showing it to Tony.
Though, he wasn’t allowed to do anything for a long while, not even a simple hangout with his friends because his dads didn’t trust him enough to let him have his short freedom.
That was how Steve, Tony and Clint found themselves when they came to visit; the sight of a broken Peter. Eventually Steve had to pry the boy away from his aunt as the nurses, and the same doctor surrounded the deceased woman, stating the time of her death.
“Okay, how are we going to do that?” Johnny asked.
proof! And I can’t believe you don’t want to believe this Parker’s kid might be our lost child! Don’t you want to have our son back?” Tony snapped.
“D-Do you think that…Tony wouldn’t mind if I…If I call him Dad?” He heard Peter ask. Tony couldn’t help but to grin at that. Of course he didn’t mind. In fact, he would be happy and proud if Peter finally called and accepted him as his father.
-then JARVIS’s British mechanical voice notified him the boy looked somewhat troubled. It caught his attention. Troubled meant a worried Peter, a worried Peter meant a restless Peter; a restless Peter meant his son would strain himself for something that wasn’t even worth of Peter’s time. It was something he would not tolerate. His son needed to be in a positive mood all the time.
But don't worried I'll finish the chapter 8 when I get better. >_
He screamed inside his head.
He glanced and glared at the journal belonged solely to Richard. It wouldn’t do him any good to dwell with this anger and the past. Perhaps he should take a walk for a while.
“I…need your help…I…I got a call from a place where Aunty May went to for her flower trip. She was involved in an incident. I didn’t know what to do or who to call for help. S-So I went here, h-hoping that you could help me out?” Peter said, lips trembling and was about to cry.
“I…want to give you something before I go. Before that, I want you to know the truth.” She said. The boy’s brows knitted together. He didn’t like where this was going.
Hank McCoy took that as his chance to speak up, “Is that so? What this kid has anything to do with Spiderman? Judging from Captain America’s description, Peter seems to be a well-behaved kid and outstandingly smart for his age, but it won’t be enough to denunciate him of being Spiderman. You’ll need more than empty words.”
“Ha ha, very funny Tony.” Steve said sarcastically.
“Well, sorry Clint but I need someone to at least keep an eye on Peter Parker’s every move from going to school and to where he hangs out with his friends. I find that job suits your group! Now for group five, you’ll be getting some evidence at SHIELD about Peter Parker or his parents’ profiles background. If SHIELD has any of it, if not then group five can join with group three. Oh and if Nick Fury asks about anything if we have news about Spiderman? Tell him that we are still working on, got it? Good! So that’s it, and let’s move it people. We’re going to start doing this plan starting right now!” Tony said.
Bruce dismissed him with a wave. “He won’t mind. In fact, he’s upstairs and wants to meet you first. He wants to test you perhaps. See what you’re capable of. And oh, in case if Mr. Stark’s absence, I’ll replace him, meaning you’ll be having two advisers at one time.” He said with a grin. Peter awkwardly returned it. They went inside the tower, taking the elevator to reach the floor where Tony would be. Once they were inside the elevator, Bruce broke the quiet,
Tony’s body trembles with the force of his orgasm before he collapses on top of Steve. Steve who is completely frozen in the spot, his body suddenly cold.
He hears his name being called but it’s barely a whisper drowned out by the sound of crashing waves and the breeze.
It's the darkest before dawn, and Steve's been driving for a while, concentrating on the white of the lane lines as they burn in the glare of his headlights before being swallowed beneath the car. It's numbing, and it's his intense focus that allows him to hold the car still when he jumps as the phone begins to ring. The sound is foreign, more so in the dark and silent night; Steve had only heard the tone once, when he set it up, and it'd been silent ever since - until now. He picks it up before the third ring.
The world ended, and Tony made it start again. All of The Rouges’ charges were dropped — only for Steve to start compiling a set of new ones, only this time his crimes were bloodier, more worrying. They couldn’t be brushed off, not even by Tony, who was practically a saint for a new universal religion.
He keeps on wondering even as he wakes up to a brand new day, feeling pathetically dead anyway because the left side of his bed is cold. With a numb body, he discovers that the rest of his house is just as unoccupied. Not a single trace left behind to hint that he was ever there, just like always.
He wants to scream:
“If it came down to it, I could take him.” he offers as reassurance.
“Did you see?” Tony asks, voice slurred followed by a dry chuckle, “Of course you did, but did you laugh? Did you laugh at me for being weak, Steve?”
Tony moves forward searching for Steve’s mouth, their bodies pressing together. Branding the other’s skin with their fire.
Steve looks away from Tony’s figure. Rhodes swallows visibly.
But to describe the Tony Stark that was right in front of Steve’s eyes: small, shaking, sweaty. Shoes missing, toes curling, cuts on his feet as if he had run and run and run until he had eventually collapsed.
he wants to say again, but as if sensing it, Tony covers his mouth with his. He kisses him slowly, sweetly, almost tastes like ‘
Tony moves to sit down properly, disturbing the dirt that had settled around him. He blinks slowly, eyelids heavy and eyes glassy, having obvious difficulties to focus on Steve. When he finally clears his vision, the corner of his mouth turns down and he stands up with a strength he is not supposed to have left.
Steve sits on his bike, flips his second phone open - the one that only one person has the number of, the one that has never rung- and dials the only number saved.
he confesses aloud.
he wants to say, but he thinks back at his conversation with Rhodey and all the choices he can but will not make.
Steve takes a second to concentrate on Tony’s voice only, his chest tightens with emotion. He recalls all the times he wished to hear it directed at him, how much he wondered if he ever would, and then he lets the words sink in.
"Tony," Steve says. It somehow comes out as a command.
He doesn’t dare say it aloud.
A question that Steve shouldn’t be so desperate to give an affirmative answer to.
Tony counts to three, feels thrilled for a moment that he might actually win the war against the great Captain America-turned-murderer, but then without warning, he drops his hand to his side.
Steve thinks.
But Tony sits quicker than Steve’s brain works. He has his black hair plastered against his sweaty forehead, falling just above his eyes. His eyes that are looking sharply at Steve. Brown. Powerful. Alive.
It ends with Tony being found and Steve losing himself.
He unbuckles Tony’s pants with clumsy, desperate hands. Tony’s head drops in the curvature of his neck, his lips softly brushing against his pulse point, soft gasps escaping them.
Tony, without giving it a second thought sucks on it, and suddenly there is electricity running between them, buzzing underneath their skins.
And this is how it happens:
He doesn’t know if he’s right, but he does know that he doesn’t have the time to think of the consequences if he’s wrong.
Steve can hear the beach; the sound of the waves crashing against the shore. He can smell the salt of the ocean, and he counts on the waves to take him to Tony. He accelerates even more, so much time has passed that he’s started to lose his mind. Steve has learned a lot about self-destruction, Tony taught it to him every day.
Tony gasps loudly. “Lie to me again.”
The sight of Steve still lying lazily on his bed when he comes back home is equal parts reliving and agitating. And then it is just entirely agitating when that night, Steve holds him by the neck a little too tight, a little too long and Tony blacks out.
Truth be told, he doesn’t know what in fucks name Steve is looking to accomplish these days, other than disappointing millions and making himself to be multiple governments’ biggest threat since Thanos himself. Tony has stopped asking, and Steve, of course, has never said.
Here is what Steve wishes had happened:
Tony keeps turning and squirming in Steve’s arms. It’s like he’s looking to free himself, but almost as if he wants Steve to struggle. Like he wants Steve to drop him. To prove himself right that Steve will only wrong him again.
Steve thinks:
Steve starts the car and drives in the direction of the coast.
,” Tony had said.
"I'll find him." Steve says. Promises.
“What is gone? Where are you?” He tries to push the desperation asidebut it’s useless, his senses are overloaded and the air isn’t reaching his lungs “Tony,
He closes his eyes hard and opens them to find Tony moving closer to him, a question in his eyes that he shouldn’t be allowed to ask in a moment like this.
“You are angry,” Steve observes and raises an eyebrow at him as if Tony’s behavior is unacceptable, like they are back at the avengers’ tower and Tony is being purposely obtuse and not like Steve just showed up out of nowhere at his house after eight months on the run from every government’s law.
Steve is pleading: ‘
Steve thinks this is how he is supposed to die. This is how he should die, exhaling his last breath into Tony’s mouth, his lungs collapsing while he can feel Tony’s expanding underneath his hands.
He doesn’t get a reply, at least not a verbal one; he watches as Steve raises a hand and places it on his cheek, oddly serial-killer like, watching him with wide eyes and dilated pupils. He traces his bloody thumb softly on Tony’s lips, leaving a trail of blood on them, before he pushes it inside his mouth without a warning.
So Tony is understandably perplexed. To his eyes, it doesn’t make any sense. He thought he had healed enough to understand where Steve was coming from in the so-called Civil War but now he only sees a man with no regard, much less an ounce of respect, for the order he had fought so hard to rebuild.
Tony could strangle him right there. Right there on his porch. He takes on the dried blood under his nail, the nasty wounds by his chest that still haven't healed, and that little anxious tick on his right eye that makes Tony feel sick. And he can’t help but wonder how much his body count has risen.
“Intelligence thinks he might be planning on coming back to the US,” Rhodey says, sliding a tablet for Tony to look at. His friend looks somewhere between worried, stressed out, and seconds away from throwing Tony over his shoulder and put away in a spaceship for the other side of the galaxy — the farthest away from Steve’s path. “He hasn’t dared to put a foot back in the country yet, but that might change any day now.”
Tony knows he can’t tell him the truth.
He shouldn’t let himself be driven by his emotions when there is an objective to accomplish, but this is
Steve’s head is hazy, light, like it might float away from his body. He has so much to say, to explain, to beg to be believed.
“I-“ Tony starts but he is interrupted by his own moan breaking free when Steve’s fingers brush his nipples.
he slips between recalling the crimes that are public record by then, a
Maybe in another universe Steve Rogers says no. Maybe in another universe they never burn the other this much, be it with desire or words or wounds.
Tony blinks disoriented at the empty spot in front of him, breathing in and out slowly to get his erratic heartbeat back to some resemblance of normal. He wonders whether he should call his therapist or the FBI first.
“Why do you keep coming back?” Tony asks one night. He came home from having paid a visit to Peter only to find Steve on his bed and Friday playing a movie for him.
They disappeared and the world forgave them. Tony stayed and the world took it all on him.
Steve is the first to get rid of his shirt, sweat starting to break out onto his skin. Somewhat coherent enough, he manages to switch positions with Tony so the older man ends up sitting on his lap.
Steve opens his mouth. Closes his eyes. He hesitates.
Because it’s easier to be angry than it is to admit how absolutely scared he is.
“You’re not mad at that,” Steve replies, putting his bloody hands up. It says a lot about how unbothered he has always been with what he became that he never tried cleaning himself up before showing up at Tony’s. “You’re mad that I left”
“Do it then,” Steve whispers between them. And it is not challenging or mocking like Tony expects; instead, it is calm and accepting. For the first time since they met, Tony doesn’t see arrogance in Steve Rogers’ eyes.
“Tony,” Steve calls when he finds his voice. Lost it as soon as he saw the man who always looked larger than life, reduced to the shivering mess in front of him. “Hey, it’s me.”
It doesn’t matter how many times he tells himself
He tells himself he has earned the right to be delusional, to think that this is a good thing for as long as it lasts. He lets himself enjoy the sound of Steve’s loud laugh, his dry humor slipping between their conversations, the small smiles that are now sweeter and more prominent after he shaved that beard a few days ago. He can’t help it but to encourage every touch, every smile, and every look that Steve sends in his direction. He soaks into the feeling of having Steve’s blue eyes reflecting his own joy every time they exchange glances.
“Just leave,” Tony finally says after the silence has filled the space between them.
When they kiss and Tony slips his tongue in the warmth of his mouth, he licks its insides softly and it is his favorite taste in the world. And when the night arrives again, and Steve’s body is pressed against his back, he closes his eyes and pretends the world is not burning up outside with a fire that the man he loves started.
“If you hadn’t saved half the universe, The Avengers and every empowered being would be behind bars now with an electric collar around their necks.” Rhodey laments. The lines on his forehead are more pronounced lately. Life has not been kind to his friend, and it weighs him down that most lines Tony has carved there with his actions. “People are scared; they know Rogers isn’t the most powerful of us, and yet he has kept himself from getting caught for this long.”
“Just tell me
He gets out of the car, fear still on his tongue but confidence still present in his walk. He can’t see Tony anywhere.
Rhodes breathes heavily on the line then hangs up.
“Tony,” his voice is pained but he makes no move to stop him, his body becoming hot again with Tony’s touch.
With the phone secured inside his pocket, Steve makes his way to a small car parked under a broken streetlamp. Without having second thoughts or room for guilt, he focuses on making the car start. It doesn’t take long, it’s an ability that he has used more than twice, more times than he’s proud to share.
want to go. I don’t know if I—what if I’m not ready?” Steve asks quietly, insecurely. His voice has gone small, with no trace of the blustering sureness he’d displayed just a few minutes earlier.
, god I can’t wait,” he pants. Eve squeezes her eyes shut like she can’t bear to look at him and speeds her hand up to match her own thrusts. Tony doesn’t want to come like this but figures he can hold out for a lot longer than Eve, whose face has gone such a deep shade of red he’s surprised she hasn’t passed out from the blood rush. Her breathing is labored, her perky breasts bouncing as she gyrates, and the blush goes past them. Tony can’t help himself, licks up the center of her chest, kisses both nipples, gets his hand in her hair like he wanted to all along and turns her head towards him. He wants her to look at him when she comes for the first time, he wants her to know he’s devouring her with his eyes when she shakes apart and flails and quakes with her climax.
Clint yells, “Well yeah but it’s not your scene!”
noises. Her desperation is so hot, she’s so fucking sexy, and Tony needs her to come because if she doesn’t, he’s going to flip them over and take her in the backseat of this car.
exactly how he wants the ring to look. It’s a huge thick one, 7mm and extremely solid looking. It’s made of
“I just… asked,” Tony shrugs, “I thought you’d wanna take a day,” he tells Steve, moving to take the drinks from his hands and sit them on the counter and invade Steve’s personal space. Steve would never admit it but he feels slightly nervous then, like he should run away from how much he wants to just sink into Tony’s arms and have his space invaded for hours, preferably naked and stoned. Tony is so right; Steve would love to just take a day, after all it had been a long few weeks of doctor’s appointments and changing medications for Steve after a relatively scary bout of the flu. And his mother had been so worried, dropping by so often that he’d had to hide the weed and paraphernalia in his room and Bucky had even
“You are?” she asks innocently. Tony watches, enraptured, as she downs her drink in one go and drums her short, sensible nails against the glass. Mischief glimmers in her big, blue eyes. Tony wonders how they’d look all brimming with tears if he were to stuff his cock past those plush lips of hers.
Grinning, Tony teases, “Took you long enough,” and gives Steve a look that goes straight to his cock. Three weeks doesn’t seem like that long, but it is. In fact, it’s too long. Tony steps right into Steve’s personal bubble, trapping him in place by bracing his arms on either side of Steve’s hips. He smells like metal and oil and faintly of the expensive, spicy cologne he’s always wearing. They’re so close that when Steve speaks, their lips brush.
that night and it’s weird. They’ve been having sex since they first met, literally their relationship is based off of one good night of sex, but this is something entirely different. This time they go out to this fancy dinner with a bunch of rich people Tony knows from business and his childhood and college and then they go home completely sober, totally unlike a night with Steve’s friends, and they take off their cufflinks and suits. Steve hadn’t worn his nose ring out for the night and he feels a little naked without it, strangely enough, as Tony leans him back on the bed and spreads him out in all of his pale glory. Tony’s broad, tan hands grip bruises into his thighs and his lips leave wet kisses on Steve’s ankles. All the attention has him shaking a little but he makes no move to get away. He’s never had sex with anyone this way; he’s never felt like he was going to melt straight through the bed with each touch and caress.
And it is. Steve’s cock has been hard for the better part of the hour; his slit has been generously spitting precome too, and his cock is glistening with it. He’s been such a good boy though and he hasn’t touched it or even asked to come. The obedience alone is enough to have Tony tenting in his slacks and he presses the heel of his hand to the base of his cock, keeping himself in check.
He’s scared and Tony scoffs, “Of course not. I shouldn’t expect you too either, some fucking young, self centered
Tony nods, “Me too.”
Toni keeps at it for a few minutes, pausing only to choke on her spit, stretch her right leg out straight while it quivers and trembles, and scream into a pillow. Steve groans as her movements grow more frantic, and suddenly she’s bouncing on his face, riding him as if she were riding his cock. He grabs the globes of her ass cheeks, pressing her closer. His nose actually does hurt at this point, but then Toni is really, really wailing into the pillow and she goes stiff all over (except for her shaking right leg) and comes. Before she can truly recover though, Steve reaches up to quickly insert two of his fingers inside of her quaking pink pussy.
“Do your worst,” she chuckles. Steve doesn’t reply, just unbuttons her pants and slides them down her shapely, tan legs. A lot of people don’t realize this, but the suit is incredibly heavy, and Toni has to stay in pretty good shape to maneuver it the way she does. She’s muscular from heavy lifting and metal work as well, and it’s evident as he sucks at her thigh and licks at her belly button. Toni is quiet in a way that’s generally uncharacteristic of her, except that she always gets like this right before. She shakes slightly, quivers in sweet anticipation as Steve noses around her panties (thin, silky, light pink, perfect on her skin), arranges her legs so that he can kiss a bruise into her hamstring, rubs his thumbs over her nipples without removing her bra further than sliding it down her body.
Mere minutes later, Toni whimpers, “
Tony looks down at him, a grin slipping onto his face and making Steve as warm on this inside as he is on the outside, “It is now,” he promises and grab’s Steve’s hand.
By the time they circle back towards the Tower, the sun has set and they’re left in the cool blue dark of twilight. Steve gives Toni, who has worse circulation than anyone Steve has ever known (including himself in 1940), his jacket and they quietly make their way back home. The lobby is closed for business and security waves them through silently.
“Well,” he begins, “It’s all because some piece of fucking rotten horse dick was tryin’ to step to Nat.”
They look at each other, loopy after coming so hard and breathing heavily.
“Your kind of people.”
,” he moans highly, “Oh daddy that feels so good. Y-you feel so good.”
“Start all over?” Tony interrupts gently, sensing that Steve is working himself into a panic. It’s not an illogical fear, having to start your life over. Tony knows that Steve was not the most social, healthy kid for the majority of his childhood. His extensive amount of time spent in the hospital made for a great academic mind, as he had ample time to read and write and study, but it also meant that he pretty much had one friend his whole life until the later years of high school. When he and Bucky came to Brown together Steve had come out of his shell some, but only Tony, Sam, and Bucky knew just how difficult that had been for him. He’d been terribly uncomfortable socializing for the better half of his freshman year and crew is pretty much to blame for the unexpectedly large size of his social circle as it is. Tony wants nothing more than to protect the small, scared parts of Steve and shelter him from the whole world, but Tony also knows that if Steve doesn’t let himself out of his comfort zone and experience all the world has to offer he’ll regret it.
Tony doesn’t mind being rude, most of the time finds impoliteness a rather easy price to pay for the sake of getting what he wants, be he figures that little miss Eve Rogers might feel differently. So he knocks on the privacy screen as soon as the two of them are firmly planted in their seats because he definitely has plans for this car ride. She fiddles with a dangling bracelet on her wrist and decidedly does not acknowledge this move or its implications. That does something to Tony, awakens a hunger in him that he hasn’t felt in a while. He’s fucked movie stars and models and socialites alike, people with the nicest faces and bodies money could buy, but then here’s this woman and she’s doing more for him than any of those people could ever hope.
“I don’t want to distract you. And I don’t think your business partners would appreciate you bringing the twink piece of ass you’re screwing along for meetings.”
,” he cries desperately. “I’m yours,” he whispers brokenly, the second time, “Yes, yes, I’m yours Tony. All yours, anything you want, anything, you know. Whatever you wanna—any fucking thing—j-just use me baby, w-want you to use me like I’m—oh my fucking goodness—like I’m a toy, like I belong to you!” Tony’s eyes are locked on his, so dark and hungry and exactly the only thing Steve wants to see. He’s panting and groaning, barely choking back his own needy noises as Steve mewls and whimpers. Finally, finally, he fucks into Steve brutally fast, shaking the bedframe as Tony nails his prostate over and over again. Steve’s cock, angry and trapped between them, spits out another glob of precome and he can feel his climax right there, he’s teetering on a razor’s edge, happily overwhelmed by the weight of Tony on top of him, stinging grip the other man has on his hair, the harsh drag of his own breath in his poor, abused throat.
The place is low lit, the bar and the stage are the main sources of light, along with the small hanging lamps over every third booth. Clint directs Kate over to one to sit her down so he can go to the bar and order a round for them, and Bucky is already heading towards the door marked “Employees Only” hidden in the shadows next to one of the more secluded tables. Steve stands towards the mouth of the dance floor, where absolutely no one is dancing because they’re all too
“Give it to me baby, let me see you,” he demands lowly, “C’mon, those little panties are already ruined sweetheart, just let go,” Tony plants both of his hands on her hips and
“You’re a precious brat,” Tony laughs, Steve grins sheepishly, “I just like you. Can’t I hang around my favorite person?”
He begins by placing his mouth on one of Steve’s overheated, red nipples. The clamps are protected with a little bit of plastic so they aren’t too hard but the chain between them is relatively heavy and Steve has been wearing them for quite a while. He swirls his tongue over the sensitive nub and sucks lightly, making Steve whimper and thrust his hips into the air. Tony knows he can come from this alone, once they get going. Steve will come from having his poor, pretty nipples played with and Tony will remove the plug in his ass and replace it with his cock; by the time he fucks into Steve, the blonde will be so delirious with pleasure he won’t know up from down. With that in mind, Tony takes his sweet time before giving Steve’s other nipple the same treatment.
It’s not that Steve doesn’t want him, it’s that Steve wants him too much. And he shouldn’t want him like this, with their souls sipping through the cracks they have ripped in each other skins, but Steve had never learned control when Tony was involved.
His fingers wander underneath Tony’s shirt, barely touching the golden skin, his eyes filling with devotion as they discover every inch of the man above him.
There is no spark in them. There is barely life.
Tony is screaming at him:
A lot of mistakes are made, most of them in Tony’s part. He lets a wanted killer stay under his roof with no questions asked. He lets a fugitive steal touches and moans from his body, some he even gives more than willingly. He lets the most dangerous man he has met hold his heart so tight that he might as well be just squeezing it for all it has to give.
The breathing at the end of the other line becomes harsh and fast like Tony can’t get enough air. He tries to hear past that, to focus on the background noises to get an idea of Tony’s whereabouts.
At the current time, he is parking between ruins of destruction, the result of a battle field. There is nothing beautiful about war.
Tony is not worried about death. He has seen it up close too many times for him to freak out about it like the regular folk, and right now he is fucked up enough to think if it would be right or poetic to be killed by the hands of his lifelong love.
He is going to find him, he is going to find Tony if only to ask him how could he be so
Remembers Tony: tired, alone, and drunk.
He wants to say:
Tony’s mouth is open, lips shaped and slightly blue, his eyes are dark and wide, the hint of a spark back in them. The first few buttons of his dress shirt are missing and his scars are noticeable, chest shining with a thin sheen of sweat.
When Steve had first woken up, he was assigned an apartment to sleep and rest in. An apartment to paint and eat in. He thinks about it, about how it was never truly his. He recalls the prickling sensation, the nagging at the back of his neck whenever he was in it.
“Tony,” his voice breaks, reflecting exactly how he feels.
Tony raises his hand like he is going to touch Steve’s skin but the contact never happens. Tony grabs his shirt, Steve stares at him. He puts it on, Steve’s vision gets blurry. Tony gets out of the car, a tear falls from Steve’s eye.
he remarks twice, a
, expression all over his face.
He doesn’t answer for a few seconds, his blue eyes glued to the screen. “Why do you keep letting me in?” he asks after the silence has stretched between them.
you are,” he is shaking and his blood is boiling. Steve welcomes the warmth of his temper rising, chasing the cold of the night and his fear away.
“I promised,” Steve says.
Rhodes sounds frantic in a way that Steve has never heard before when he picks up the call.
Hours later, Steve delivers a sleeping Tony Stark to the house of the Colonel Rhodes. The Colonel takes his friend and Tony looks so small, worn down, and pale except for the purple under his eyes.
Tony hangs up without answer.
“You left,” Tony accuses, but he doesn’t actually believe his eyes completely. He had been drinking that evening, nothing hard, just wine, but he has become a lightweight in his old age. The bottle of wine is still on his hand, barely empty by then, grounding and solid. He looks at it, looks back at Steve, and throws it right at his head, half convinced that it would go through him like a hologram.
They leave it at that.
One minute. Ten seconds. Two hours. Steve doesn’t know how long it takes him to regain his senses, clean himself as much as he can, and get dressed. He slips silently into the driver’s seat, looks at Tony out of the corner of his eye, his head rested against the cold window, eyes closed and skin flushed. In a thin voice he hears him say:
Something cracks in Steve, an irreversible pain. Like his ribs are snapping and piercing his heart.
When he goes back into the apartment, he takes his things and leaves without a word. He does this as Steve Rogers: irrational, reckless, can't breathe.
Tony wavers. It is just for a second, but a second is more than enough for Steve Rogers to size up an opportunity and strike with his best shot. He runs at him and takes Tony down with the full force of his body, and the move is so fucking primitive that Tony is more annoyed at that than anything else for how it makes him lose his balance and breath.
Tony is alive and alone, and both were Steve’s choices.
He wants to beg:
He remembers the questions: sharp, vicious, and cruel.
"I saw." Steve finally replies.
"Once a drunk, always a drunk," Clint had snorted at the end. When the state of Tony had gotten too much, too obvious. Tony with his bloodshot eyes broke right in front of them, in front of the media, in front of people who only wanted a piece of him to chew and then spit back up.
One, two, three quick steps and he finds himself right in front of Tony. Close enough to touch him if he dares.
Steve slams the phone against the dashboard, so hard that it causes the device to shatter. Broken pieces of it pierce his skin. Not that it matters much now because he thinks he might be right after all. The only thing that matters is whether he’ll make it on time.
“If you do, it’s only because I let you,” Steve says easily, the self-assurance right back on him like it never left. He stretches his neck a little to look at his eyes when he continues, “Just like you would let me if I wanted to kill you.”
“Uh,” Tony mutters at last, taking a seat beside Steve in his bed. They have their lives lying in each other's hands.
When Steve comes to stand right in front of him, Tony’s left hand is trembling, his heart is beating too fast for a man with his condition, and he thinks he might spontaneously combust if Steve keeps looking at him with his brow arched in mild irritation. He doesn’t. Because he has a feeling Steve would actually enjoy watching those flames lick his skin.
He gives a serious look at the reporters, promises that even though he retired, not a day goes by that he doesn’t worry about Steve Rogers’ actions, which is not necessarily a lie per se. But the feeling of so many trusting eyes on him, none of them holding the slightest doubt about what he can do, not when he practically died for them to live — makes the shame hit. At the end of the day, Tony has always been more inclined to be a sinner than a saint.
(Tony will never admit it to anyone, not even to himself. But having seen Steve at his darkest, ready to throw it all away in acts of violence for a cause that could’ve had a peaceful way out, he had understood that Steve never really liked being a soldier — he just loved a war.)
“We will forget about this.”
That apartment was never his home. How could it be when it was basically an observation room?
He breathes in. Breathes out. Drinks in the sight of Tony being in front of him. Takes a step forward and Tony immediately takes a stumbling step back, keeping the distance clear between them.
“And I always come back.” He replies, matter of factly.
“You found him.”
“The Captain is currently in the kitchen drinking coffee.”
“Tony,
Tony’s head starts lifting from where it was trapped between his legs. It’s slow. It’s painful. It’s an eternity until their eyes finally meet.
They reach the car. Steve opens the backdoor and proceeds to lower Tony carefully onto the seat. He’s moving back out when Tony grabs at the hem of his shirt in a weak attempt.
Tony doesn’t pick up, which doesn’t exactly surprise him, but instead infuriates him. There is this irrational voice at the back of his head, one fed by worry and anger, and all the emotions that should never been linked to a sole person telling him that this is Tony’s revenge.
Several hours later, when Tony wakes up alone, he is understandably worried at himself for being more disappointed at Steve for running off again than for having contemplated killing Tony the night before.
Tony scoffs.
They are left breathing heavily into each other’s mouths. The air one releases becoming the air the other inhales.
