The second she was out the door, plastic bag in hand, she felt like hitting the brick wall. Sherlock was draped against the building, hands in her pockets and cigarette drooping from her lips.
"You're a genius. You're a genius and it affected you first, so you must have known. Well, I suppose it affected us at the same time, didn't it? That's how it works. But you, you noticed it right away. That's why...that's why you kept coming to the shop once you stopped liking coffee, isn't it?" John said quickly, eyes flitting around the room as if Sherlock's presence was all he needed to figure it out.
The reminder worked and he found himself gaining an inch in height as he scanned the place for disaffected men, particularly white men with misogynistic views and severe haircuts. He knew his enemy.
"You met each and every one of them with well hidden disdain," Sherlock interrupted, standing and taking a step towards John and tilting his head to the punch wouldn't hit his teeth or nose.
"Yeah," Sherlock replied, chuckling a bit, "well that's your fault, isn't it. Mrs Hudson can't stand the look of them, you know."
He wondered if Sherlock was in bed yet, if the man even slept, and sighed. Wondering about Sherlock would do him no good.
‘What do you associate with the soldier that saved you? What can you say to yourself to remember it’s over, remember you made it out?’ she’d asked.
Sherlock knew he'd been caught out. The library at the Holmes's was massive, and even a mind like Sherlock's was unable to devour it by age thirty-three. The truth was that he had been to the rectory to see the vicar and, more than that, he had no explanation of why. He could say that he was trying to break the man, that he'd seen the way he looked at him and decided to expose his obvious bisexuality, but even that wasn't true. He'd planned it, but given up when he realised it might hurt the man.
"I was going to meet everyone there. Christ, love, they're waiting on us. Let's wash that pretty face of yours and go," John said, relaxing a bit, which was always a mistake around an emotional Sherlock.
She should have said something, anything, about the marks on their hands. She meant to, really, but once she had Jane’s hand in hers and was looking down at it the words caught in her throat.
"Hands around my neck, now," John said, leaning almost out of the chair to reach the table to their left.
People dispersed immediately and Sherlock was happy to see Sally take off after Mary. John and Sherlock were left alone after mere moments, and Sherlock nodded towards the woods. John swallowed and nodded as well, getting up and walking off into the trees as Sherlock waited a beat before following.
After a long while Sherlock took a deep breath and sat up, finishing his sandwich quickly and removing both shoes and socks. John watched as he rolled up his trousers and stood.
Mike was standing at the back door so John found himself digging the next hole behind a tree. He was bloody hiding. How ridiculous was that? He slammed the shovel back into the ground, an action that had taken him months to perfect, and slumped down to rest against the tree trunk.
Greg rocked against him and chased his orgasm, kissing Mycroft's back and wrapping his arm around to rub against his nipples.
"I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, people just, they, they, just," Sherlock sputtered, shaking his head slightly. "They always, it's just, they, they, they-"
"He's an admirer. Some people actually read my blog, you know. And he's no business of yours. Now bugger off."
Jane shoulders slumped at that and her stance opened a bit. "You talking about how I didn't question your lunacy?"
Sherlock was sat on the floor, back leaned against the wall next to the door between his and John's rooms, with his laptop open. There were more civilized ways to do it, of course, but he found himself listening through the door and tapping the reload button over and over. It had been hours since they last spoke and Sherlock was beginning to wonder if John would write up his blog at all that night. He chewed his lip and pinned one last stray curl off his forehead and nearly jumped when the page reloaded with a new post.
He was thinking on ways to get it to stop when his name was called. He looked up to find the same doctor as before, that handsome arsehole who had somehow deduced him. His lips turned down and he pouted more fiercely than the child as the man walked over and wheeled him into the (blessedly quiet) back room.
Greg nodded and wrote it on the corner of a piece of paper. The sound as he tore it off felt a bit loud to John. He snatched it from Greg's hand and nodded before turning and leaving without another word.
They walked towards the rail yard, the boys kicking small rocks along the way and telling Sherlock everything he needed to know about the changes they'd gone through over the years. The coppers were still arseholes and the baker on twelfth street still gave away bread at night. Sherlock felt nostalgia thick on his tongue at the stories and wished he'd been around during the years.
John sighed and let go of Sherlock's neck to face the night sky again. "Some young man that cared too much about his friends and having fun to make any sort of attempt at a paycheck. A student, maybe. Someone who would see me as a pocket book and nothing more."
“He can hear, though,” Sherlock stated. He had steepled his hands again, and seemed to be peering through his fingertips, only half-aware of John’s presence.
Someone, someone dressed entirely in white, moved into the circle of grass directly below him and was staring up at him. The person looked entirely too amused given his precarious situation.
“An old gate key,” he said at last. He continued, sounding a bit forced. “When I was a boy, grandfather had an old gardener named Ben. He had an entire ring of keys like this. We could always hear him coming – no matter what mischief we were up to.” He smiled fondly at the memory. “It gave us ample time to escape trouble.”
When he was outside with Sherlock, in the early days before Lestrade brought them into the garden, when Sherlock still walked reluctant laps around the other garden with the fountain in the middle, Billy Wiggins was charged with fetching John should an emergency arise. It had happened only once, and Billy had taken Sherlock back inside, seemingly happy to have his old charge back again.
Moving a top-secret operation from a windowless, locked basement room to the middle of a walled garden was ludicrous, John knew. His head knew it. He was absolutely convinced that Mycroft would murder them both, no matter how much John had protested. Sherlock was supposed to be dead, and he was supposed to be working in a secure, protected location – underground, with military rations and gallons of water stored in the wine cellar nearby.
- in the space of weeks, at least two of them spent so high on morphine that he didn’t even recall the transport back to England, had been disorienting and utterly, utterly depressing.
On Sunday, Mycroft Holmes announced that Miss Adler had been located, and had been moved to a care facility in London. Mrs. Hudson made the announcement at breakfast, reading from a typewritten sheet.
“She tried to sleep in it,” John reminisced with a fond smile. “Good lord, Sherlock. She was only four!”
“If you go, I go with you,” Sherlock promised. And he lifted their joined hands and kissed John’s knuckles. It took every bit of resolve John had, and a bit that he didn’t even know he possessed, to not crawl into Sherlock’s lap. “We may have to watch our step around Mycroft, while this war lasts, but I’m not going to hide from the world.”
“You mean you’ll hear me if I have another seizure,” Sherlock quietly clarified. “Go to sleep, then. I think I’m good. My head hurts, as expected, but the brain is less muddled. I can’t sleep until I regain some clarity. It’s too – troubling.”
people don’t come to Rosethorne. I’d wager there’s quite a bit about Irene Adler we don’t know, and a reason for everything she does. A reason she was here at Rosethorne convalescing.”
“They’ve put him in Al’s old room. I’m so very glad he’s back – he’s had a long journey, hasn’t he?”
“Charlie and Al especially, but Henry too – they could all use a distraction. They need something to do, John. Don’t you agree? They can help Greg with the tulip beds – get their hands in the earth for an hour or two a day. They’re not really that sick, are they? They’re just scarred – inside and out.”
And John had already issued a prescription - a healthy mind is tied to a healthy body. The brain heals itself by making new connections, new conduits. Those new connections and conduits were strengthened and enhanced by a strong, active body.
He said the last with a bit of desperation. He’d lost enough already. He didn’t fancy losing even more.
“Oh you two!” Rosie exclaimed. “It fits in perfectly with the theme. My friends are wearing Muggle dresses since I’m a Muggle but Al’s a wizard – so we’ve settled on wizarding robes for the men.”
He heard the door as it opened again behind him, and gathered himself, putting on as pleasant a face as he could muster before turning to face Molly again.
“Were you?” asked Sherlock, quirking an eyebrow. “Trying to distract me from the work by tempting me with old sheds and tree houses?”
“He didn’t say, but yes. Won’t have one for long if he keeps wearing that atrocious jumper, though.”
John wasn’t sure that Sherlock actually understood – but he nodded. “I’ll ask, then. Tomorrow. I’ll tell him that I remember the locked garden from my childhood visits, and suggest it as a place where I can spend more time outdoors now that you’ve mandated it as a condition for starting on the project again. I’ll ask him if he has the key.”
When Minerva and Mycroft turned into the Transfiguration classroom, John held back and considered his options. The detention would last at least until lunch, and possibly longer. In the meantime, Sherlock’s class was well on its way in the Great Hall, and Sherlock had enlisted John to play the victim by lying motionless on the cold stone floor for two hours.
“What are you making over there?” Molly asked, eyes now on the piles of recovered lumber near the tree.
He’d been a better surgeon than a pianist, though he’d been a competent pianist, when he still had the use of both hands. Surgery was science – rules, and procedures, and a determined order of things. True – a good surgeon had to be inventive at times, ready to do a sudden turn to get around an unexpected problem, but once that detour was made, it was back to business as usual.
“Your chair,” he said, tossing a pillow made from the Union Jack toward John. John deflected the pillow with this left forearm, and it bounced onto the floor. Sherlock kicked it aside. “Sit,” he directed.
She gave a disinterested shrug. “Some of the staff have known him forever. Not much love lost there, I gather.”
“Dance,” Sherlock murmured. And he went back to humming, and John picked up the tempo, and they tripped over the torch and stumbled into the wall. Sherlock fell against John, and they were chest to chest, groin to groin. Dance forgotten, melody unchained, Sherlock dropped his forehead against John’s and they were kissing, and laughing, and kissing until Sherlock slid down on his knees, mouthing him through the fabric of his trousers, and John stopped kissing, stopped laughing, nearly stopped breathing.
He couldn’t have kept the answering smile from his own face had he wanted to. His heart had firmly taken charge, and he stepped into the room, feeling lighter than he had in six long months.
“Of course not.” Sherlock bounced down into the chair he’d cleared.  “Thanks to you. The staff made an absolute mess while searching. Mycroft’s men couldn’t find a shred of evidence to support their theory. And on top of that, no one heard or saw a thing.”
“Mary?” He laughs, and his eyes crinkle, and if Sherlock were himself he’d see the relief on the gaunt, grey face, the joy dancing in his eyes. John touches Sherlock’s arm. “She’ll be here soon. She’s on her way.” He wipes at his eye with the sleeve on the inside of his elbow and grins tiredly. “I’ll let her explain why you asked for her first, you stupid, stupid idiot.”
“The deputy headmaster or headmistress,” Al replied. “Whoever that is when they’re getting ready to send the letters.
He drifted off to sleep then, but John stood beside his bed for a long time, slowly letting go of the breath he’d been holding for six long months.
“Well, he wouldn’t be able to perform surgery – not alone, anyway,” she said, obviously giving the matter some thought. “But there’s quite a bit he
“A week isn’t all that long,” John said cautiously. “But it does look like he’s on to something – if they’re the best we have….”
Rosie falls asleep with bee clutched against her tummy, and John carries her up to bed, and when he pads back down the stairs, Mrs. Hudson has gone, and it’s just he and Sherlock, and two smallish boxes under the tree.
Mycroft, oddly, didn’t respond. John whipped his head around, instantly suspicious. He found Mycroft staring, quite unabashedly, at his still-uncovered midsection and quickly stepped into his boxers.
He’d had roommates all through uni and med school, girlfriends too, even lived with one for those last months before he’d joined up. Then his mates in the army. Never a moment alone there. Never a chance to feel alone either, no matter how
Sherlock laughed. “It’s a bird, John. You’re quite a bit bigger than it, and it doesn’t have opposable thumbs. It can’t shoot you, or even drop a rock big enough to hurt you onto your head. And really – if it became a pest and tried to peck your eyes out, I’d catch it and we’d bake it in a pie for dinner.”
he thought. The pieces were beginning to knit together, and he finally saw the thread connecting his aborted career as a surgeon and his nearly forgotten affinity for the piano. A thread Sherlock Holmes, even at his best and brightest, could never have guessed – could he?
Sherlock’s not averse to using Mycroft when Mycroft is most needed, and traipsing all over the Sussex countryside in search of the perfect retirement abode with John’s bad leg is not in the cards for John and Sherlock. So he labours over a list – the must haves, the nice-but-not-necessaries, the absolute deal-breakers. He wants to choose from no more than a dozen properties so he straightens his back and holsters his pride and visits his brother – actually
“Oh no. This - . No. He’s not…” John gazed down at the child, then back up at Potter, the horrified look on his face melding with one of intense and utter amusement and making him look like he had escaped lock-up in the psych ward.
Lestrade held out his hand, and John handed over the notebook. He scribbled something down, and handed it back to John.
With new resolve, he determined to be a soldier again. To take and obey orders. To serve country before he served himself.
“It’s time,” he tells Rosie, and she nods stoically, but there’s a tear in her eye when they hug goodbye at the train station.
“Clever,” he murmured, as the back panel of a familiar wardrobe fell away, and they stepped carefully out into a dim, dust-shrouded dressing room.
Sherlock lifted the piano cover and slid it back silently, then rifled through the sheet music, finally settling on a piece and propping it up above the keys.
bed now, and John is beside him, propped up on one arm, tracing the scar on Sherlock’s chest. He’s as fascinated by that spot of shiny skin, the just perceptible divot, as Sherlock is fascinated by the battlefield of John’s damaged shoulder.
“Of course I know.” Sherlock had steepled his hands again, and his index fingers rested against his lips as he regarded John with interest.
“James can do better,” Lily said, pressing her nose to the window and watching as her grandparents gamely climbed into the aeroplane. “Grandad is nearly as excited as when he and Charlie took apart Aunt Hermione’s old computer.”
“About that - yes.” John gestured at the room in general, trying to convey his displeasure. “But not about the rest of it, Sherlock. We’re in a manor house – not a church meeting room.”
John closed his mouth, with great difficulty, mentally removing the kid gloves. If Sherlock wanted to play hard ball, he could give as good as he got.
“This garden is hopeless. If we’re to keep coming here, I’ll need Lestrade to work on it – clear out these beds and get something growing here again.”
“Private security, most likely,” John said. “He – well, he didn’t exactly answer when you asked him, did he?”
John had long ago worked out his anger and frustration with a hammer and sanding block, with his hands in the soil and his back to the sun. Sherlock still worked out his boredom with a thousand and one projects, beehives and ghosts, and always with John at his side.
Sherlock brightened, forgetting about his beloved bees. “Oh – good one, John. It was so fun to shop for her – she was hardly the traditional little girl, our Rosie. Can we do William next?”
“No worse than a pirate,” John replied. “And I imagine the meals are more regular. And less chance of losing limbs.”
“Pillow, Mrs. Hudson, please,” he called out, almost automatically. How many other times had he done this? Grabbed for a pillow, positioned it just so under his wife’s head? He waited, wiggling his fingers until Mrs. Hudson hurried over to the bed, then pressed a pillow into his outstretched hand.
. He promptly deemed the young man in question as not worth adjusting his mind palace to accommodate and deleted him without pause. Thus, a mere forty minutes after leaving Mycroft’s office, he’d already forgotten the man’s name, relationship to the current monarch, and the colossally stupid thing he’d done.
“Sherlock – you’ve got to stop calling witches and wizards unusual misfits,” John insisted under his breath.
John frowned at Sherlock and spoke into the phone. “Would you like us to be there, Mycroft?” he asked.
A cupboard too large for the available space was built into the rear wall, and when John opened one of the doors, he found that it was more a wardrobe than a cupboard. There were shelves on each side, but the center space was designed for hanging clothing, though it, like the medicine cupboard, was empty. It would be a good place to store extra bedding - for the bed John was going to insist Mycroft provide for the workroom so that Sherlock could rest if overtired, or lie down to recover from an ill-timed seizure.
“If Sev is there, thank him for the excellent medical care,” John called out as Sherlock disappeared out the door.
That and everything else, but he’d start with an explanation of how someone who was supposed to be dead, somone confined to three out-of-the way rooms, seemed to know everything that went on at Rosethorne Manor.
“Sounds lovely,” John said, huffing as he pushed the chair forward on the steepest incline of the path back to the manor. He pressed his entire midsection into the back of the chair to maneuver it, and was oddly aware of the pressure against Sherlock’s thin back.
By force of will, John stopped himself from responding or reacting. He took on a business-like demeanor and turned to Billy.
“It’s not my day, is it?” he asked, not mentioning that he’d had to push through a throng of reporters to get into the house. He had Rosie on Thursdays – they’d been on that schedule for four months now and there’d never been any variance. He reached for Rosie, but Mrs. Hudson shooed him away.
“An odd colour, yet not especially unusual for a vestment from 1910.” He picked up the jacket and sniffed at the lapel. “Full-bodied tobacco. Oriental blend.” His gaze narrowed as he ran his hand once more over the suit, then glanced back at John. “This suit belonged to my grandfather.”
He’d hold his take-away coffee cup with his left hand, determined that his actual injury wouldn’t be visible from the outside, that his hand and arm and shoulder would be as fit and strong as they’d ever been, even before the bullet that sent him home lifted him up by the shoulder then carried him several feet back before spitting him out onto the sand.
The man reaches into his pocket and extracts a device that looks far too high-end for someone who lives in a utilitarian bedsit.
John glanced around the room. Simon had closed the door behind him, leaving them alone in the room. The silence was awkward, so he held up his medical bag.
“Self-defense, or so I’m told,” he said. “Apparently, sheep being crushed by a falling human make an ungodly sound. She put a bullet through his head to halt his investigation of the noise.”
“Are you ready for bed, then? I’ll sleep on the sofa – I told Mrs. Hudson I’d stay while she and Billy get some sleep. I’ll hear you if you need me.”
Sherlock sees this. He is accomplished at seeing what others do not. But he can’t see what isn’t there. He can’t see that John wants him.
world of the tunnel was a cold-hearted reminder, John thought, a glass of ice water thrown in his face. The world above wasn’t going to stop spinning because of stolen moments in the dark. And those moments, he realised, no matter how frequently stolen, would continue to be like sandbars in a swollen river, safe shores that were there one moment and gone the next.
“I disliked them when I was a child, when we came to visit.” He spoke slowly, just a shade this side of haltingly, with his eyes still closed, voice even softer now. “The only fresh air I’ve experienced since they brought me here comes in through the window.” He paused, and until he spoke again a few moments later, John thought he’d fallen asleep. “Though the Yorkshire air is nothing compared to the complexity of what passes for air in London.”
And true to form, the remainder of the morning went very much as Sherlock had described. By the time the staff had completed an exhaustive search both inside and out for the missing woman, under the logical presumption that some accident or injury had befallen her – perhaps she’d gone out for a breath of fresh air and fallen, it was nearly nine o’clock.
John stared at Mycroft longer than was polite, unable to voice any platitudes, heartfelt or not. He nodded at last, understanding that Mycroft Holmes’ had not escaped unscathed physically or professionally, but unable to care one way or the other. Perhaps later – when he knew what Sherlock was facing – he could spare a thought or two for Mycroft.
“I – I read it.” She seemed to be quite flustered. “No one told me. I saw – I mean – I was cleaning, and Mr. Holmes had left it – your file. On the desk. It was open, and I took a peek. I – I couldn’t help myself. Do forgive me, Dr. Watson. It wasn’t right – please don’t tell Mr. Holmes. I … I don’t know what I’d do – where I’d go….”
“How much of this did he actually tell you?” John asked as he reached around Sherlock for the milk and put it back in the refrigerator.
The man stares at Sherlock. He doesn’t answer the question, though a smile flits briefly across his face. He finds comfort in Sherlock’s question, in the validation of his identity.
Sherlock, however, had paused to crouch down beside a flower bed. He pushed away a layer of leaves to expose new green shoots. “I knew them once,” he murmured. “Common and scientific names. Genus and family.”
No one said much about Sherlock and John living together in Hawthorne Cottage. There were two spacious bedrooms with two comfortable beds, each room neat as a pin and with little outward sign of whose room was whose. Two cupboards in two bedrooms held two distinctive sets of clothing - tailored suits and crisp shirts filled one, comfortable trousers and warm cardigans the other. The office was more chaotic – Sherlock’s side was a riot of papers and detritus from one new endeavor or another, while John’s small desk held a few medical texts and a stack of writing journals that even Sherlock wasn’t allowed to touch.
“I’ve already told both of you – I can offer advice, but not a solution. These things are…delicate.” He searched for another way to express what he knew about the brain, but had a feeling that both Mycroft and Sherlock knew everything that he did already. Hell, he could probably talk either one of them through an emergency appendectomy. “He might benefit from additional stimulation. Have you tried…?”
Rosie smiled. “I’m not sure what fashion magazine you’ve been reading, Dad,” she said. “But thank you.”
Once, he had killed a man who’d ruined Mary’s life, who’d left her with an injury that left her weak and shaken, with a hole in her heart too big for even John to fill.
John, medical degree and years of practice notwithstanding, felt rather like the third wheel in the group. While Sherlock and Molly continued to discuss how they might apply Molly’s organisational system to Sherlock’s intelligence work, John watched them as they practically leaned their heads together over the table, Molly drawing a matrix on the back of a piece of sheet music, Sherlock grabbing the pen from her hand, redrawing tables and populating them with letters and numbers that made no sense at all to John.
He hadn’t shared the secret with anyone, and while he felt an odd reluctance to share it now with Sherlock, he needed a way to lure him outside, to get him away from the dark paneled walls and stacks of tomes and journals.  Doctor’s orders wouldn’t go far at all with Sherlock Holmes.
“Your business doesn’t concern me,” John said, treading carefully. Irene Adler was clearly a dangerous woman, and he disliked her familiarity with Sherlock as much as he was intrigued by her casual threats regarding Mycroft.
fault, that it’s his responsibility to make it right, to make it work. But knowing – with a certainty borne of utter confidence in his own deductive sensibilities – that everything they’ve done to make it possible for John to live here will not be enough. That the effort to climb those stairs will eventually be too much. That they aren’t getting any younger, and that if the best specialists in London are to be trusted and believed, John will not be climbing any more fire escapes or chasing down criminals, and that even standing against a wall in stealth mode breathing quietly for more than ten minutes will test the limits of his leg. They should be grateful that he can still walk.
“At first, I thought we’d get out of there without incident. He cooperated – he was dazed, but he came with me quietly enough, and climbed through the window. But something happened once we were on the roof in the open air - Mycroft wouldn’t go down the ladder. He’d been doped up to make him dependent and he was in need of a fix. He insisted we go back inside and find Moriarty. He became violent and attacked me. I lost my balance and slid toward the edge. He launched himself at me and we both went over.”
“Ah – right. You’re welcome, then.” John stood and righted the bedside lamp, then sat on the edge of the chair in the corner. “But I don’t promise not to hover if I believe you truly need my help, or if you’re in danger of hurting yourself.”
Sherlock looked over at him, clearly not impressed with his efforts. He got to his feet then dropped unceremoniously into the wheelchair John had pulled forward. “My grandmother hardly merits mention save for the suddenness of her death and the tragic circumstances. She died when my father was too young to retain a real memory of her, more than fifty years ago now. Everything I know of her came to me from her older sister, my great-aunt, who visited us from time to time. She was morbidly old to my seven-year old eyes. I was fascinated by the deep wrinkles in her skin and the ornate cane she used as she moved about. She’d poke at me with it as I dashed by, and it was a great game for me to sneak up on her, or to spy on her from around the corner.”
“I’ve been working in it,” he said. He was unused to speaking, and the struggle, the surprise of hearing his own voice, showed on his face. “It … was … a mess.”
“Good - very good.” Sherlock glanced at him, and John thought he looked pleased, if a bit surprised. But Sherlock soon went back to studying the tree. He seemed particularly interested in the tree growth around the boards, but he stepped away and gazed up, perhaps estimating its height.
Molly, however, wasn’t predisposed to question Mycroft Holmes’ motives in bringing these particular wounded men to Rosethorne. She knew nothing of the arrangement Sherlock had made with his brother, and had no idea of how deeply Sherlock’s absence affected John. She didn’t question why Sherlock had left Rosethorne on the heels of his break-through with the code. Who else could accomplish what he had to do? He’d return when his mission was completed. In the meantime, she and John had patients to care for. A job to do. And a beautiful estate to call home with warm, comfortable beds and quiet, star-filled skies at night.
“I’m getting you an ice pack first,” John said, walking over to study the swelling and to check the sutures under the loose bandage on his forehead. “And something for the pain. Then we’ll talk.”
He’d hated the twenty-six stairs between his door and the street, the seven between his bed and the loo, the two hundred and twelve between the top landing and the dingy café where he’d eat his breakfast and drink mediocre coffee and work the morning crossword instead of looking for locum work as they’d all advised he do.
“Something like that,” murmured Sherlock, but he said it with a smile. “Yes – that’s it. That’s close enough, John.”
Sherlock gave a noncommittal shrug. “I expected you would understand,” he said, “as you’ve been exposed to the man on more than one occasion now.”
, but he couldn’t make himself stay any longer. Sherlock certainly seemed to have the matter of Greg Lestrade well in hand, whatever that matter was. He could deal with the fall-out of Lestrade knowing, and the very real possibility that Mycroft would soon find out. Of course, since it was John’s idea to take Sherlock outside, responsibility ultimately would fall on his shoulders.
“Swan Lake,” she said with a sigh. “Tchaikovsky. I dreamt of dancing Odette – I suppose every girl did.”
Something that might take his mind, for a time a least, from the dreariness and hopelessness of his future as a disabled army doctor.
He sighed, trying to assess what would be needed to start. He could hardly propose taking down an existing garden shed, nor could he propose having a delivery made to this space which Lestrade held almost sacred. In fact - he’d need Lestrade’s permission first, wouldn’t he? And what about a buy-in from Sherlock?
And here he is, going on sixty years old, examining foundations, admiring crown moulding, opening dampers and measuring closet space. He finds himself enjoying the process immensely as the idea of actually living in a real house, with the sea so close you could nearly taste it in the air, takes root in his soul.
Anderson shifted. He glanced at Sholto. “We’ve got to stop wasting time,” he said tersely. “Don’t for one minute think the Germans are sitting on their arses waiting for us to catch up now that they think the Magpie is out of the picture.”
“’m fine,” grumbled Sherlock, voice weak yet a bit annoyed, but John’s hand had descended on his head, and he winced as it ran over the knot.
“All of them,” said Severus, eyes still on the game.  For someone who appeared to be paying them no mind at all, he was most definitely quite attuned to their conversation.
With lights on, the tree was more respectable, having the general appearance of a Christmas tree at least. Arranged on a low table, it reached a respectable height, and the uneven base wasn’t even obvious with Sherlock’s favourite dark maroon shirt draped around it. A search of the flat, Rosie balanced on his hip as he pulled open drawers and dug one-handed through cupboards, turned up some ancient sweets in bright foil wrappers, a collection of Rosie’s hair bows and baubles and the perfect little origami swan Molly had given him when he moved back to 221B, a relic from Sherlock’s over-the-top wedding planning.
The hugs Molly bestowed on John and Sherlock left flour on Sherlock’s nose. Sherlock, for his part, was paying no attention to her gushing praise of their daughter but was focused on the mixing bowls and pots and pans behind her, all of which were engaged in one activity or another – stirring or mixing or mashing – even while she stood there hugging them.
“Why are you here? What’s going on?” he asked as he tied the sash, feeling somehow inadequate in his serviceable but rather plain gown.
There was a minute, a blip in time, when the water reached his mouth, and he tipped his head back and strained upward on his toes, drowning in regret, reaching for a miracle.
It took very little time for Sherlock to casually mention to Lestrade that his grandparents had kept a maze in a special garden, a place where his own father had played as a child. Had Lestrade come upon this place as he worked the manor grounds? Sherlock remembered that it was a walled garden tucked inside another larger walled garden, and he’d been thinking of it, and wondering if it still existed, and if it could serve as a secure gathering place, or perhaps a place of quiet and reflection when Sherlock’s brain would not function as he wanted it to, when he needed to clear his mind, to search for the structures, the connections, he’d lost.
“It must be shafted - or be open on the other end,” John said as he shone the beam on the floor just past the wardrobe, illuminating an old-fashioned oil lamp on the floor against the wall. “The air is moving - it’s not as stale as you’d think it might be.”
For the sheet music left on the stand in the music room wasn’t standard-issue music – classics and standards and war-time favorites. When John had wandered over to the music stand the second time he’d come to the room for his therapy, he’d found sheet after sheet of handwritten music. Musical notes were penciled in, erased, redrawn. There were words written in the margins – the notes of an artist, of a man obsessed with his music.
Still - Sherlock wasn’t an idiot. Far, far from one in fact. The dynamics at play between the two brothers were both complex and chaotic. They were either seriously mismatched - had they even had the same biological parents? - or a perfect yin and yang - a photograph and its negative.
“You’re not too old to learn now,” John said, scooting left again and giving her room to slide closer to him. “The piano, I mean. Not how to drive a lorry.”
Sherlock passed through Wiggin’s room quickly, and John glanced at the rather Spartan bedroom curiously as he followed Sherlock into the connecting room.
“Alright – two of us. I’ll go up to London that Friday and stay over with Rosie. Sherlock can stay here and look after the bees.”
Sherlock hesitated, as if considering whether he was, his brain taking a bit of time to process the question. He nodded. “Please.”
One lovely Sunday afternoon, after a bout with the flu and another struggle with regulating Sherlock’s thyroid medication, they wake from a nap and when Sherlock opens their bedroom door are presented with the sitting room of a cozy cottage. The sun is shining through large, clear windows that face the not-so-distant sea and there’s a fire burning in the hearth and two comfortable-looking chairs facing it.
“I asked Mycroft for CCTV footage several weeks ago to test a theory,” Sherlock admitted after a long moment where he stared out at the rain, face thoughtful.
When he answered in the affirmative, thinking they might handle the situation with more delicacy, the woman called out to her team. “Hey, it’s Sherlock Holmes – that detective from London!”
“I don’t believe that bench is quite sound, John. If I can learn to identify a hundred varieties of tobacco by the ash left behind, you can certainly learn to build a sturdy bench that’s both structurally sound and aesthetically pleasing.”
Had John been left to his own devices, it would have been a very awkward conversation, full of clumsy falsehoods and excuses as he tripped over his tongue, but Molly held up her hand to silence him as he opened his mouth, and pointed at Sherlock instead.
“She drugged me. I didn’t realise it until I was back in our room, after the constable finished up, and I’d dealt with the undertaker. I wanted to get back to London to tell her mother in person, and I started packing things up. I admit I was in a daze, numb and half-stupid with it all. But when I saw the bottle - her sleeping pills, the ones she used when she was plagued by insomnia - I knew. She’s been depressed for days, but had agreed to go down to the beach with me after lunch. They brought our meal up while I was in the bath - she’d have had time to dose the soup. I only realised because of the after-effects. How fuzzy I was. How discombobulated when they woke me.”
“I’m not - that isn’t true. It isn’t quite true, I mean,” John fumbled. “I’m - well, we’re all rather isolated here, aren’t we? And I know it doesn’t make sense, but since my injury, I’ve been even more so. Getting to know you has been unexpected - unexpectedly enjoyable.” He felt like he was babbling, like he was a ridiculous teenager trying to back himself out of a corner. “And Lestrade - he’s part of your past, isn’t he? An important part. In the back of my mind, I suppose, I thought you might not need my friendship anymore.”
John dropped onto the ground, cradling his right hand in his lap. Lestrade was still sitting where he’d fallen.
“Are you alright?” he asked, reaching out to take Sherlock’s hand and help him back to his feet. “Oh – hello.”
The rest of the guests were gathered near a white tent, sipping champagne and eating Hors d’oeuvres. Rosie was wearing her full wedding dress now, and a lovely crown of flowers in her hair, and a string quartet played on a raised platform under the tent.
to fill the time here. Especially with you disappearing all the time – first ambling about out in the garden and now in the middle of the night, too.”
No.  He’s tired. He wants dinner. He wants to take his shoes off. He wants a long shower, and a movie after dinner so boring he can fall asleep on the sofa without missing a damn thing.
"A bit." Mycroft approached him slowly, and John saw that his gait was somewhat uneven. He narrowed his eyes as his heart sank. He felt almost violently ill.
“But could you - if you did? Have a puzzle, I mean. Could you solve a puzzle after an attack if you had one to solve?”
John waited two heartbeats, then closed the piano, resting his hands atop the cover as he took in steady breaths, mind racing as fast as his heart.
John loved Al.  He found him polite, thoughtful, intelligent, responsible, respectful and family-oriented.
“Don’t worry – her top will most likely stay up even without straps. I’m sure Al did some wanky janky to stick it in place.”
? So physically close to the rooms where Sherlock was hidden? Where there was always a chance he’d be discovered?
“Can we talk about his powers?” Sherlock said as Hamish screeched and reached for the dummy on the vanity.
“From you, I want one thing, and one thing only,” Holmes said, looking past John, out the window beyond his left shoulder. “My brother believes you can help him rebuild his mind palace.” His eyes moved slowly back to John, studying him, somehow, both with interest and casual boredom. “So help him, Dr. Watson. You have my permission to use any means, any type of therapy, necessary to achieve that end.”
Perhaps. But he’d never entertained a second of regret for the bloody mark on his records titled James Agra.
“It doesn’t surprise me. Nor does it surprise me that he still believes he can order me to do something I clearly don’t want to do. He says I don’t have a choice.” He spoke in an exaggerated, condescending voice that did sound quite a bit like Mycroft’s. “I’m not asking you to go, I’m telling you you must. Honorees must attend.”
The week following the piano lesson with Sherlock could not have been more beautiful, with sunny days and cool, clear evenings. The moon was waxing and the days getting longer, allowing more time in the gardens after dinner, and moonlight and stars even after the sun went down.
“In a way, I feel sorry for him,” Sherlock said. “Moriarty was someone you didn’t trifle with. He was a chameleon - capable of being whatever you needed him to be, whatever he
“Yes they did. They didn’t magic themselves there or crawl in a window and they certainly aren’t coming down the chimney – no – they’re not, Sherlock.”
moods, but he doesn’t really have them, does he? Not like someone else we all know. Not unless something upsets him.” She looked at him significantly.
“No – that’s it! That’s what he’s done!” Baby Sophie began to fuss and Sherlock expertly patted her back and bounced her a bit.
The frequency of their appearance is irregular and totally unpredictable. He’s charted the dates and times and locations, what he’d had to eat – or drink – that day. The phase of the moon. The barometric pressure. His temperature and blood pressure. Astronomical occurrences. How much sleep he’d had the night before – if indeed, he’d slept at all. Air quality. Pollen count. Gender of the visitor. Age. Clothing. Reaction. Number of seconds the door remained open. Nothing correlates.
“He did.” Sherlock pocketed the key again. “He would prefer that the gate remain locked, though I think we happened upon this at the right time. He’s been working on that maze for some time, working out his demons. He was ready to share it - and he feels, I think, that you and I might understand.” He lifted his eyes and there was a fleeting sadness there that John hadn’t seen before. “He knows full well that I have my own demons, John, and he suspects, I’m sure, that you do as well.”
“Absolutely.  If you can manage to find Arthur as you free fall from five kilometers be my guest.  And stop changing the subject – we are supposed to be at Harry and Sev’s in an hour and you’re not dressed. Get some clothes on, fix your hair, and stop worrying about everything.”
John thought that Sherlock Holmes would much prefer to be interrogated, and had it not been nearly four o’clock in the morning, he might have considered that option. However, he didn’t have the energy to corral all of the disparate threads Sherlock was likely to give him into a cohesive story.
Sherlock leaned back against the piano, and gave Molly a smile that seemed artificially bright. But then again, John had never seen Sherlock deal with a brand-new person before, and when he’d first met the man, it had been in decidedly different circumstances.
And if Molly seems ooc, I really wanted to give her her own story here, her own voice, and there will be something for her, too, as it develops.
When he stopped moving – that only after some frightening but short drops and a lot of branches snapping at his face and arms – the only thing he could see was the ground below, and that only through a sort of tunnel so that he could only see a very small spot of ground. He kicked his foot – his shoelaces had come untied during the crash landing and appeared to be snagged on a limb. He hoped it wasn’t the only thing holding him up.
“What? Me?” asked John with a smile. He’d turned his hand over and was holding Sherlock’s in a loose grip.
He continued playing with his right hand as he worked the thumb and middle finger of his left down so that his index finger was extended.
“Oooh.” Sherlock appeared to be fascinated by the infant’s first sneeze but his fascination seemed to turn to disappointment when the child drifted back to sleep.
“Several. Approximately three inches long. Bottom of the cage. The cage, might I add, that is at least five times the size of a budgie cage. Really, John, your observation skills….”
“It might have worked had we not found a perfectly good tree house, already in working order,” Sherlock admitted.
Sherlock smiled down at the baby who was still on his lap and not returned to his mother. “Did you hear that, Hamish? Pond water. And perhaps Grandpa John can bring other bodily fluids and tissue samples home from the surgery for our investigation.”
Someone - someone who knew what Sherlock would respond to. Someone, perhaps, with an agenda of his own.
“Oh – that’s a relief. So children have to be at least twelve to fly a hundred feet above the ground dodging cannon balls,” John quipped.
John saw it before he heard it, though when he did hear it, he wondered how they’d passed this spot so many times before without noting the thrum.
Unless it was more than a romp. Unless – unless it was a puzzle, of sorts. A locked gate. A mysterious menagerie where once had stood a maze.
“It was great seeing you, John. Look – Mum’s having everyone over tomorrow afternoon before I go back on Tuesday. Why don’t you come? You can bring Sherlock – from what I’ve heard about him, he’d love to poke around the place and see what makes a Wizarding family tick. And it would be like a thousand birthday wishes come true for Dad – he’d keep him entertained while we get a game going.” He nodded in the general direction of the pitch, and John grinned. Suddenly, it seemed like a fabulous idea to introduce Sherlock to the Burrow.
“Of course – right.” John nodded awkwardly, following behind the woman as she started down the passageway to the left.
Jesus Christ. Had Sherlock developed a code associated with musical compositions? It would make sense – wouldn’t it? He knew there were book codes – spelling out the position of certain words or letters on specific pages of the same edition of a book. But music? His face must have looked as pained as he felt, because Molly took pity.
John didn’t comment as she fumbled through the explanation. She was afraid – of that he was sure – but she wasn’t blushing and didn’t seem at all embarrassed to have been caught out.  The fear came from another place, and it made him wary, and curious.
After breakfast ended, Molly Hooper retained a professional yet distant air as she led him to the convalescent wing. She’d approached him as he rose from the table, had offered her hand and shaken his firmly and briskly. “Dr. Watson – if you’ll follow me, please.”
“We may never see them again,” Harry said as they passed him a glass of wine and sat down. “It’s so odd – Severus seems fascinated with Sherlock.”
“My mind palace is – or was – a system. A living, breathing, working system. Organic in its own right. It was composed of the knowledge, the data, acquired and assembled over the course of my adult life and archived for ready access, interpretation and analysis. With my injury, and resultant trauma-induced epilepsy, the system is inaccessible. You see, I didn’t just store information. I stored my analysis, my deductions – I stored the processes themselves. If I’d been successful at breaking a code, I stored the patterns, and these patterns connected different areas of the mind palace. And now the connections are gone, and I can’t seem to recreate them. I can solve a puzzle, or break a code, but I can’t
“Ah.” Sherlock signed and John watched his face relax into a pleased smile. “I’m sure you don’t want to know how much I paid my tailor to recreate that.”
He isn’t sure of the order of things, but he’s checked off the boxes in his mind and he knows he’s progressed through stages. They’re four-letter-words, each of them, and laid end to end they spell the beginning and the middle but not yet the end.
This one isn’t on the original list. It’s just come on the market, and their estate agent thinks they might like to have a look. They’ve not seen photographs or layouts or square footage or even price, but they’ve decided to give it a go on her recommendation.
was the one who said I should be doing something more meaningful. Or relevant. Look – I don’t remember what he said, but I certainly didn’t complain.”
As he walked to Sherlock’s rooms that Thursday as the rest of the house was sitting down for mutton stew, he wondered about that thick skin that he’d counted on for so long to protect him when he delivered unpleasant news or laid down difficult directions. He didn’t get angry, didn’t get hurt, rarely even got excited. And as difficult situations went, this one was a walk in the park. No one’s life was at stake – well, aside from the whole of England and all of the free world, if Mycroft Holmes was to be believed. He wasn’t pulling the sheet over a patient’s head, literally or figuratively. And the prescription he was about to deliver wouldn’t be called painful at all by the vast majority of human beings, regardless of their physical state.
The bench was hard beneath him, reminding him now of those countless hours with his back to his mum – resting as she was on the too-short sofa, knees bent as she fought, there at the end, to draw every breath. His body in the room with her, his hands playing out the songs she loved, but his mind miles and miles away. Lying on his back beside the little pond in the park, watching the clouds reshape themselves before him, above him. A skull. A hound. A hat. A violin.
John leaned in to examine the buttons on the cuff – perfect little honeybees, silver in colour. He stared at them a long time but they didn’t even tremble, much less buzz.
John noted the use of the name Mycroft. How curious that Mrs. Hudson had referred to Holmes by his given name.
It came to light on their third visit to the garden, when Sherlock dropped to the ground at the base of an elm tree that had seeded itself years ago and had been allowed to grow, unhindered, in the southwest corner of the garden.
“I most certainly can – this is a private residence, not a military resort.” He was answering Mrs. Hudson, but looking at John. “And I’m not having them booted into the wilds, mind you – there are numerous lovely facilities in London. I know this. I’ve had the great misfortune of spending two weeks in one.”
“Oh.” Sherlock tried to hide a smirk, but John saw it, and narrowed his eyes in suspicion. “Well – I said I’d swear you were with me. I mean, of course, I will swear to my brother. He’ll in turn provide you a workable alibi.”
John grinned. “You’re going to stop wondering if Ham’s a wiz-fit or not. We finally get to put that to bed so you can start obsessing about Sophie.”
It would be a project, anyway. A way to strengthen the body, and the mind, for there would be planning, too, and design. While Mycroft would hardly approve of a structure in the trees with Sherlock’s probability of falling into a fit at any time, a structure
It was wrong – all of it wrong. The sound of street traffic outside his window. The smell of rain. The dampness. The pain in his shoulder that ebbed into a dull and ever-present ache. The fucking limp that had no injury behind it, but that persisted despite his best efforts to not feel the pain that wasn’t there.
“Sure,” answered Lily. The younger generation had an uncanny knack for deciphering Sherlock’s magical work-around vocabulary. “A really strong Bubble-head charm will do it.”
“Not falling for that one, Sherlock,” answered Rosie. “We don’t know yet, you great big berk. We have a
“And what did you mean about me helping her disappear? What’s going on? This place is more a madhouse than a convalescent home!”
“And where does this family live?” prompted Sherlock, pretending to swipe at the table again. Rose had disappeared into the kitchen to help John, leaving Sherlock with relative freedom to grill Al until he broke down and admitted the entire family was from another planet – one that traveled by fireplace floo.
“It will be a job,” Molly admitted. “He can replicate it – he’s clearly done so – but he’s pulling it from that Mind Palace of his, and the patterns are absolutely indecipherable. It’s layered – a simple cypher at first, poly-alphabetic, but paired with musical compositions for stress and cadence – so that to decode, to pull out the wheat from the chaff, you have to have sheet music. Specific sheet music.”
But now, here with Sherlock, he was dancing, not counting. Sherlock held his weak hand firmly, holding it in position so that it was neither liability nor distraction, and in the quiet John heard him humming as they moved.
John had stood to fetch the baby for Rosie and carefully lifted him from Sherlock’s lap. “Granddad John is not stealing anything from the surgery, young man,” he said. He carefully passed the child to his daughter. “What do you think, Rosie? Does he have Sherlock’s nose or what?”
He stopped at last, leaned his head against the cool wood and closed his eyes – waited – until the thudding in his brain retreated.
Mycroft Holmes was both ruthless and relentless. He was not at all satisfied with John’s answers, though John never varied. He’d been awakened sometime around two o’clock by Mrs. Hudson, who brought him to Sherlock’s room, where he found Sherlock slightly feverish and dehydrated but not convulsing. He’d stayed with Sherlock, monitoring him, encouraging fluids after he vomited. Sherlock had eventually fallen asleep around four o’clock, and John himself had slept on a chair until he was awakened by Mrs. Hudson. He’d organised the staff to search the premises, and when Miss Adler was not found, he’d made the decision to inform Mr. Holmes.
He spoke as if reading from the pages of a fairy tale, and John imagined him, a small boy, sitting stiffly beside his elderly aunt, listening to this story.
“Tell me what you know about him,” demanded John. “It’s not as if I have any secrets - not after your brother’s exhaustive background check.”
In the early days, when he’d first arrived, before he’d willingly thrown himself into the vortex that was Sherlock Holmes, he’d been happy to be here. Pleased to be useful again. Curious about the manor house, and its gardens, and the odd collection of misfits who populated it. He had his garden walks, and had discovered the old piano in the beautiful music room, and had won Molly’s friendship. The war, which had left him half crippled, was a far-away thing from this Yorkshire estate. It was no longer personal, except for the lingering knowledge of what it had cost him, and the residual anger from those losses had faded as Sherlock began to fill his broken places.
It happens sometimes – you can’t prevent it, no matter how inconvenienced you may feel. Minding your own business in your own flat, perhaps watching television, or reading a book, or cooking your dinner, or soaking in the bath. The door opens, no matter that you locked it – you’re quite sure you locked it – and the person on the other side blinks in confusion, glances round the room trying to sort things out, or stares at you as if you’re a great ogre or a six-legged alien. They always back right out again, sometimes without uttering a word, and sometimes with a fumbled apology, or a stifled scream and usually with a look of utter confusion, as if they expected to walk into a clinic’s examining room and got you instead.
The moon was bright in the sky, and muted light spilled through windows and out from open doors as they hurried past. John didn’t understand the need for such haste, and the pace made him breathless, yet still he pushed to keep up. He turned left to follow the retreating shadow, and was pulled into a doorway and pressed against a wall with a quiet admonition to
“Which we’ve already rebuilt,” Sherlock added. “And that was quite enough physical labour for me, especially on top of the toppling of the shed.”
“Does it really matter?” Sherlock sounded completely bored at the prospect of the very prestigious award. “I’m not going to the gala and – what?”
It was a marvelous suggestion – really, it was. Sherlock’s eyes went out of focus for a moment, gazing far away at nothing at all while his mind processed not the idea of music in the work room, but how it would fit into the grand plan he’d begun to formulate.
On the Wednesday before the wedding, the moment Sherlock had long been anticipating finally arrived.
“I did!” John hissed back, close to Sherlock’s ear to drown out the noise of the twin engines on either side of them. “Thirty years ago – with a bunch of testosterone-driven soldiers. I didn’t have to find them on the way down and hold hands with them!”
Sherlock had asked that same question, but John had stepped forward and interrupted before he’d voiced all of his thoughts.
“Oh, the usual. I might have mentioned to him that the door would open if he used the silver key instead of the brass, and that he’d actually locked the deadbolt instead of unlocking it.”
Before his first week was done, he’d taken to spending his afternoons out-of-doors, walking the paths in the gardens closest to the house. They’d been stately once, and evidence of a former grandeur could be found at nearly every turn. Marble benches and statuary grown over with vines, grass creeping over the edges of the stone paths and growing up in the crevices, fountains and pools filled with leaves and debris. Not willful neglect, John thought, but evidence of attention focused elsewhere. Of gardeners and groundskeepers gone off to war, of resources redirected.
out loud in the treehouse. In the eyes of the children, John and Sherlock went together like biscuits and tea. You said their names together, and when you called out to them, it didn’t really matter which one picked you up and swung you around in a circle.
To an onlooker, it might have seemed like a very odd, very old, very secret dance ritual. Or a Tai-chi class where the participants made up their own moves and sometimes practiced them stretched out on their bellies on the ground.
Summer slowly began to give way to autumn, to golden leaves and acorns and grass and flowers fading and turning to seed.
John stepped forward as he spoke softly, feigning confidence and innocence he didn’t feel, relieved that his instincts as a physician had risen before true panic set in. Mycroft, remarkably, let himself be pushed gently back into the room as John moved forward, still with no idea what he was going to do or say, and shut the door gently behind him, taking care to not wake Sherlock.
John imagined Sherlock wouldn’t react very well at all to Irene Adler being removed from Rosethorne.
“’m fine here.” He was breathing more regularly now, and had once again opened his eyes, but this time he was regarding John rather steadily, his eyes more focused.
Sherlock shook his head. He looked oddly troubled – pained. He pushed the wheelchair’s wheels with his hands and moved over to the benches, then abandoned the chair in favour of lying on a bench, knees drawn up and arms folded on his stomach.
Now – there was nothing on his mind except Sherlock. He didn’t want explanations from Mycroft, descriptions of injuries and treatments. Injuries that were not life-threatening covered a range from scratches to missing limbs and brain injuries on top of what Sherlock had already suffered. John wanted – no, he
The tree was sad – it had likely been cut down in October and shipped in from out of country, and as he’d waited until December 23rd to make his purchase, the selection was slim and the quality of that inadequate selection disheartening. The poor thing stood only four feet tall on tip toes, and listed to one side so severely that he’d had to prop up one leg of the stand with a book to even it all out. And, as they’d never before had a tree at 221B, decorations were ad hoc at best. He hadn’t exactly thought of how he’d get from bare needles to festive décor when he’d bought the tree on a whim on the way home from the clinic – he’d only caught the scent of the trees in passing and found himself transported to a frosty Christmas morning when he was six years old.
John was sitting in the middle of the sofa. He had a half-full glass in his hand and was staring at the skull, which he’d set on a kitchen chair directly in front of him. A bottle of very expensive scotch, a gift from a grateful client some months ago, sat on the floor beside his foot. He was wearing the khakis he wore to work, and an extremely old jumper.
He’d been hurrying down the stairs on his way to the shops, hoping to get there and back before Sherlock got home, when the sudden and unexpected appearance of a man dressed in black at the bottom of the stairs, seemingly out of nowhere, startled him so much that he’d lost his footing and tumbled down the stairs.
“In bed,” John said, standing and offering a hand to Sherlock. “I’ll answer a question or two once you’re settled.”
John’s turn came for a question came next. “Have you ever been in love?” he asked. He kept his eyes on Sherlock, but he should have known the other man wouldn’t be at all discomfited by John’s questions, no matter how personal.
And then, with the mark from the instructor and a whoop of glee, Rosie was gone and Al was in position. The instructor’s hands were all over John and John stood stoically as Sherlock shouted something to Severus he couldn’t make out as he automatically took the position Al had just vacated – with a whoop to rival Rosie’s.
“But you meant to go.” He glanced at John’s khaki’s – he only ever wore that pair to work. “You would have said something last night.”
“Of course with you! You won’t let me poke about outside on my own, will you? I suppose I could have Mrs. Hudson accompany me, or Molly Hooper.”
?” hissed John, leaning over just after one of the bludgers came dangerously close to the row of spectators.
“She’s finished with Teddy, Scorpius and Freddie and they went back to the Leaky.” Harry stood up from the ancient needle-point chair where he’d been waiting. “She’s working on Arthur and James now. Then she’d like Sherlock and John as she doesn’t have their measurements on file.”
They watched as Rosie hugged Molly and Greg, then Harry and Mycroft, and Harry’s wife Felicity and Felicity’s nearly-grown son, who they’d always called Biscuit as he’d always seemed to have one in his hand.
He was annoyed. Irritated. Unreasonably angry that the war and all its attendant demands - its tragedies, its atrocities - was about to intrude on the tiny piece of - of
“Sonorous,” Harry yelled through the roar or air. “Voice amplifying spell. See you on the other side!”
“Forget about it. You won’t have time to worry about Harry Potter once Rosie is here – she’ll have you running all over London. You’ll be too tired to spy on the neighbors.”
“Yes, exactly. Bees. What a stunning find, John.” He was speaking softly, voice just above a whisper, evoking something akin to awe. “This garden is absolutely perfect.”
“He’ll be fine. We’ll be fine. Mr. Holmes trusted me enough to instruct you to fetch me, didn’t he? Get some sleep – I’ll stay here until you’ve had some rest. If it’s unusual for him to have three seizures so close together, I’ll need to observe him and record my observations.”
Sherlock moved his white bishop, keeping his finger atop it while he studied the board, then finally, appearing satisfied with the move, removing his hand and looking across at John.
“No.” John shook his head. “Sherlock, it’s going to be hard enough explaining all this gear to Molly and Greg and Rosie’s friends and the others. We don’t need borrowed wands.” He raised his hand to stop Sherlock as he began to say something. “Or pretend wands. Or pointy hats, or dragonhide boots. Or pewter cauldrons with seven centimeter bottoms. It’s going to have to be enough that we have robes.”
“No - of course not. You can enlighten me later - after the game.” John really didn’t want to think about this right now - or ever. The seconds ticked by. He cleared his throat.
“Keeping me focused on recovery with all your army discipline, but with a touch of humanity and compassion inspired by our shared experiences.”
This was the first Sherlock he’d seen - a man in the throes of an epileptic seizure. Lean and long, head of over-long curly hair standing out starkly against the paleness of skin and bedsheets. Everything about him all the more surprising as back then, when he’d been called in to help, John had expected to meet an elderly man on the brink of death.
“I’d be happy to give you pointers on how to move in your robes,” Severus said. He was sitting with his hands folded across his chest. His expression was either amused or annoyed – it was hard to tell with him.
“I’m not?” Sherlock glances around the room – a bedsit. Sparse and sterile. He doesn’t let his eyes linger on the gun on the bed.
John shrugged apologetically to the others and tried to resume the conversation, but Rosie had a gleam in her eye.
In the end, he settled for a secluded and neglected perennials garden, partially enclosed by a high trellised wall that hid it from view of the manor house.  The brick pathway to the garden was overgrown, but generally level, and wide enough for what he had in mind. The garden itself had been laid out in concentric circles, with a cobbled path cutting through the middle. A fountain in the center had long gone dry, but the benches that surrounded it were still serviceable. Neither Lestrade nor Ben, the old gardener, had given this particular garden any attention to speak of, though someone had left an assortment of garden tools in a pile near the vine-thick trellis, as if they’d meant to start work here but had been distracted from the task and had moved on to more pressing matters elsewhere.
“Seven heavens – you must have loved your childhood home, and the home you shared with Mary, not to mention the ….”
He thought the man had drifted off to sleep at last, but Mycroft opened his eyes one more time and smiled blandly.
Mary says something he cannot decipher. She’s a mile away,  a lifetime ago, standing over him and blending into the fog of pain and confusion. His vision narrows. The feeling is precisely like every overdramatic author describes it yet not at all what he might have expected.
They were all staring at Sherlock now, Sholto with amusement, Mycroft and the colonel with resignation, and Anderson with clear annoyance. Only John looked at all surprised. It was evident that this was not these officers’ first meeting with Sherlock Holmes.
When they were old men, when the war was over and other wars had come and gone, when John’s needed thick spectacles to tell one chessman from another and Sherlock’s hand shook so much at times that they’d  taken to using an over-sized chessboard with clunky chessmen, they would remember the chess game that night, but neither would recall who’d won.
, Dr. Watson. And even if that enemy is not so close that you can hear its breath, the danger is still imminent, and the need for human comfort, the feel of another’s arms, just as pressing. This is war, and we are soldiers – yes, even Sherlock Holmes – and love, Dr. Watson, is love.”
“But you aren’t here at Rosethorne because my brother feels sorry for you. Nor is he protecting you. Perhaps he brought you here at first thinking he could fix you so you could be redeployed. That, after all, explains my own presence here.”
"You're a bit late, Mycroft," John said, surprising himself with how casually he was able to say the words.
“Rich, good hair, well-groomed, smart dresser and well-mannered,” Sherlock said, voice low. “In case you’re wondering what they see in him.”
“You saw the loophole, though, right?” asked John. He glanced at the sky – they’d have an early moon tonight, but dusk was rapidly settling and they should be getting inside soon. But conversation was so easy now, with Sherlock transported to childhood and talking about the very garden that had been on his mind so much of late, that he pushed aside the urgency and let Sherlock go on.
“Mr. Holmes told me you were a widower,” she acknowledged, not looking at him. She watched him plunk his thumb down again.
A sudden, odd vision of pushing a pram through Queen Mary’s Garden in Regent’s Park with Sherlock at his side came to him, but he blinked it away with a quick shake of his head. Madness. It was all madness. This war, this thing with Sherlock, and especially all the traditional notions of a proper life that had been drilled into him from childhood onward. It was madness to be with Sherlock, but….
John had barely made a dent in the generous plate of sandwiches the girl had brought in when Holmes entered the room through the same door John had used and silently made his way to the sideboard, where he poured a drink, then sat down in a leather chair opposite the settee where John was seated.
“It won’t be pretty,” Severus responded. “Ginny Weasley has a reputation for some very … effective … hexes. Her Bat Bogey Hex is world-reknown.”
She gave in. “He wouldn’t come down and talk to them,” she said. “They’ve been here for hours. And what could
Harry, who’d helped John arrange himself in a seated position, leaning against the wall, handed him his mobile, which had apparently tumbled out of his pocket. “Sev does that – he’s always popping up where you don’t expect him. We – well, we work together.”
He opened the door and stepped cautiously inside the eerily silent flat, then made his way quietly to the sitting room.
Sherlock has reached the end of the corridor, but he looks back to see John with the door open again and gets a glimpse of the chaos within.
“I take notes,” she said, voice small and apologetic. “He says the most fascinating things. And when he finally did it – he explained it to me – or tried to – but it didn’t make the least bit of sense. But he was convinced he had it, so we sent off a message for the team to crack – and they can’t. Not without the key – and the key is just as much in his head now – because he’s got all that sheet music
Sherlock gets a bit lost on the way down from the plane, the love triangle is busted, and the fire brigade is called.
But before either could say a word, the Floo roared to life and a witch of advanced age and a stern-looking Ministry official stepped gracefully out of it, the witch clutching a small basket. John was all too happy when the collective attention swung over to the new arrivals, and Bill stood to greet them. It was soon evident that the witch was the Potions Master working on the Mycroft problem, and Bill himself the Curse Breaker.
“An experiment,” Sherlock murmured. “Inspiration. Proof of concept. My muse. Many things.” Sherlock sighed and John watched as sleep finally began to chase him down, grounding him like a top taking its final spin. “Many, many things.”
John’s shook his head fondly as he filed that bit away, thinking, not for the first time, about the limits a malady like epilepsy put on a life. Safety would always be a concern, wherever Sherlock was, as long as a seizure could take hold of him at any time, without any warning at all.
“You’re quiet,” Sherlock said. “Unusually so.” He didn’t wait for an answer, just tapped the key in his palm. “A crow could hardly carry this,” he murmured. “Perhaps – a large crow, for a short distance. So you didn’t find this key in a crow’s nest, but a crow was guarding it nonetheless. A tree then. The key was in a tree – though how you came to find it there is the real mystery, isn’t it?”
“Here’s the letter, then.” Billy shoved an envelope at him and John took it with a frown. “What…?” he began, but Billy was talking through him.
The smell is the first thing that hits him. The room is dark, curtains held closed by the stab of a knife trapassing the heavy dusty cloth. The floor is a mine camp. The less harmful item on the ground is a bunch of needlelss syringes.
John knows what this is and even if he did suspected before, he never actually had any kind of confirmation. He doesn't know what Sherlock needs. Is he to be left alone? Does he need to be held?
They moved in togheter at some point. She got him out of that biological hazard he called “home”. She made sure he ate and drank enough. She woke him up at 3am when the screaming started. She picked up the pieces at 9pm when he returned home late, a text anticipating him saying he was sorry and she just knew he gave the wrong address to the driver.
Something in the way Mycroft's feet shift on the floor feels like heavyness, John's leg gives in a couple time with a sudden sharp pain. He hasn't felt this pain for a long time. John stare at the man's back, shoulder straight and tense.
Eyeroll, the fork hits the plate and lets out a loud clink. «Is this important? Why is it important? I've already told you that I am not looking for any kind o- »
He deserved it all. And it tasted like old times, like a burning house and the crumbling future. Like a broken teeth bleeding out. Like Mycroft coming to rescue him in a dumpster and and tying him up while waiting for the ambulance because he couldn't stop hitting himself from shame.
The anger armour falters a little. Eyes blink rapidly three, four times. Straightens posture. Licks his lips. «My stuff is all here. I was coming back home.» feet shift a bit, not really taking a step forward but neither distancing himself. «Sherlock I was coming back home. You knew i was.»
That's when he turns and John is quite astonished to notice how wet the man's eyes are. « I can assure you I made my very best, John. He is my little brother, I tried to save him.» his sad smile is tilted to the ground. «But you know Sherlock. And you know how he works. And you know our relationship is quite...turbulent.»
That doesn't even make sense. Sentiment can't cloud his mind, nor can literally eat neurones. His brother's humor is not even humorous.
«Sherlock, I am here.» he runs his hands up and down the detective's arms, the contact meant to bring him back to reality.
«Lestrade! You might want to give a look at this man's clothes before I tell you why he wasn't killed in this exact spot.»
it's quick and sudden. It's not a gawky attack, but a well calibrated assault. Sherlock is fast on his feet and against Mycroft, one hand in his thin hair and one around his wrist. Mycroft ends colliding against the door jambs with his sternum, the impact getting a painful huff of air out of his lungs. The detective is behind him, holding him there by an arm twisted painfully behind the back, Sherlock's hand gripping angrily Mycroft's wrist. «
«I am afraid we should. Your lack of knowledge is harmful for both you and my brother.» he grips a bit harder the handle of the umbrella. «I suggest we leave the room for a moment.»
fold in trousers just at knee level, consumed fabric on the backside, a desk job? A desk job. Left hand looks callous in what resemble the space a computer mouse would fit.
No, not awkward. Is understanding and quandary, his medical experience quivering under the weight of what he witnessed.
«I might change my question for a clearer understanding of the situation. Have you ever been on the verge of killing yourself?» his hands are trembling, hidden at the bottom of his gown pokets. John is not answering, he has his soldier mask on. Shoulders straight, arms down and tense, feet steady. Eyes glassy. Gaze distant. He sniffles.
The first couple of months after Sherlock's return, crime scenes had become...something else. It felt like walking on eggshells, tiptoeing around the detective fearing to scare him off and make him vanish. There's something new in his eyes, tender yet cold, scanning John when Sherlock thinks he's not looking.
She wants to shout at John. How could he allow this? He was-is his friend, his doctor and only decent human relationship the younger man ever had.
He suts his eyes and digs the nails in the palms of his balled up hands. Breathe. He is a doctor and a soldier and his friend is clearly in need of help.
It started with a petty comment about Mary waiting for him in bed and ended with him kneeling in front of the toilet. Mary watched powerless, hand rubbing his shaking back. That night Sherlock was like a bottle of scotch, keeping John up all night and making his stomach distort in waves of nausea.
The doctor looks at his shoes, purses his lips. «I was..?» he needs to clear his throat «I still am.» it sounds more like a question.
She made sure he ate properly until he started spontanously cooking for them. He arranged the food in a peculiar way, portions neatly separated. His mashed potatoes never had too much butter or too little salt, the consistence soft and velvety. And she ate happily, heart light fork quick to show she appreciated every bit of it. And he watched as she did, as if Mary was the one needing supervising.
«Either the killer is still inside hiding in this house or they left the place walking or maybe they're waiting for your slow brains to leave the scene.» he eyes the victim's wife who is currently faking an impressively credible cry. Lestrade follows his eyes. He gets it, somehow. «The wife? Really?»
Sherlock keeps his head low. Right, left. Couch, sofa. Fireplace, desk. Window, lamp. His eyes can't stand still, scanning the room but looking at the possibile scenaries playing like old movies in his head.
Shutdown. Sherlock's mind goes blank. Coping mechanism, they say. His friend's pain is overwhelming, his head hurts too much.
«Sherlock, dear. You should at least shower and eat something! » soft knocking at his door. Mrs Hudson's high pitched voice coming from the hallway.
And the first time Lestrade called Sherlock for a consult and John tagged along, everything was out to the light of the sun in half a second. Everyone was watching them with that relieved mask on the face, an awkward attempt of a applause dying where it started.
But this gate was low, more ornamental than functional. He could easily see over the top of it. Eyes wide with surprise, he leaned against the gate and stared.
be designed to work into the tree, and the ones around it. John imagined an organic structure, one that wrapped around the base of the tree and spiraled upward. The tree as the mast of the ship, perhaps, a wide deck built below where they could lie with arms folded behind their heads, listening to the birds, the chatter of the squirrels, or Lestrade working with his clippers.
“What are you so riled up about?” John asked, addressing the bird as it studied him from a low branch on the tree.
He hadn’t understood the relationship between Sherlock and Lestrade before the accidental meeting in the garden, and he sure as hell didn’t understand it three hours later when he was back in his room, nursing a swollen and numb hand and feeling completely useless as he could hardly unbutton his flies without help. He paced the room, finally stopping to stare out the window. The lawn was bathed in pale moonlight, and he leaned his forehead against the cool windowpane and stared out into the darkness, trying to sort out emotions he didn’t quite understand.
“Boss – you can’t….” He struggled with the words. He was clearly not accustomed to having anyone rattle the rules that had been laid down regarding Sherlock.
He rolled his head against the wall and closed his eyes, giving in, allowing his body to go where it would, right here in the corridor where they could practically hear Mycroft breathing. He felt Sherlock fumbling with his shirt buttons, pushing his vest up. The air in the corridor was cool and still, and he felt momentarily exposed until warm, moist lips moved over his chest and closed on his nipple. Tongue and teeth then suction so deep that he shuddered. The fingers of his right hand dug into the back of Sherlock’s shoulders, and he hardly had breath for the
John, for his part, let him be. He didn’t have much interest in bees as a rule, but found himself studying Sherlock studying the bees with intensity akin to that of Sherlock studying the bees themselves. He’d given up on keeping Sherlock away from the bees – Sherlock stated that if they killed him, so be it. His life, his choice. John didn’t think Mycroft would take too kindly to losing his brother to an insect bite, and had assembled all the items he would need for an emergency tracheotomy. He carried them in a kit in his medical bag, and hung it on the chair's handle.
“I have one,” said Sherlock after a long, comfortable pause in which they each tried to wipe the image of Rosie in that giant diaper-like monstrosity from their brains. “Top ten places we’ve had sex.”
She’d made a point of telling him she wasn’t the housekeeper and didn’t do the cleaning at Rosethorne Manor.
He let go. Rutted up against Sherlock, into his calloused hand, tunnel-focused on the tidal pleasure, the feeling of too much and never enough, empty and over-full, the need to reach the cusp and tumble over the abyss, Sherlock caught in his wake, tight in his arms. He bit his lip as his release overtook him at last, leg giving out, moan drowned out by Sherlock’s mouth over his, swallowing the sound, body pressing him into the wall as Sherlock, in turn, rutted against John’s good leg until he collapsed with a groan and they slid down the wall to the floor.
“Right. You’re not a dog. No – cat. You’re not a cat.” He faltered – realising that he might actually think of Sherlock Holmes as some sort of exotic cat – certainly not a dog.
“They’re on their way!” called out a male voice that belonged to a body he couldn’t see. The body moved into the circle below him. Now it was Harry Potter looking up at him. “Hang on, Sherlock. Mrs. Hudson called the fire brigade.”
“Good – good.” She smiled at him conspiratorially, and wiggled on her bench. “And while you’re at it, you might do something about this one too.”
“Oh.” She dropped her voice, all trace of anger now gone. Funny, he thought, how music can do that to a person, take the edge off of anger, cool down the frustration. “So you’ve lost yours? Your mum, I mean?”
“Good – Dad? Professor Snape?” Al ushered his father forward. Harry looked like he was very much enjoying watching the Sherlock and John show, and Severus raised an eyebrow at John as he passed. “We’ll be waiting for you at the Leaky – don’t be too long!”
“Or that they’ll even qualify,” added Sherlock. “They may be – ”  He frowned and let out a sigh. “Muppets.”
John let the comment go. He wasn’t going to drug Sherlock to make him sleep, and besides, he’d been summoned to discuss the general’s death, hadn’t he?
John had piled the files he’d found in his rooms in a neat stack before him, arranged by the rank of the patients – general, major, private and civilian. He smiled and tapped the top folder.
“Still – there’s certainly more evidence to implicate you than me, isn’t there?” he shot back. His head had bounced around between amused and irritated for too long now, and frankly, he was beginning to suspect that this was some sort of elaborate ruse with John Watson cast as the fool.
“My turn.” John could give as good as he got. “When Rosie stuck the carrot up your nose and it wouldn’t come out. When Mrs. Hudson got chemical burns on her hand when she tried to clean up your experiment. When Rosie stuck the miniature teacup up your nose and it wouldn’t come out. Sherlock – you really do have an over-large nose.”
“I was referring to his face.” Sherlock brushed a fingertip across a miniscule eyebrow and then down a tiny nose. Baby Hamish scrunched up his nose and sneezed.
But today, Lestrade was like a reclusive artist, standing back, on edge, as the first outsiders regarded his unfinished masterpiece, ready to judge him a genius or a failure. John knew Lestrade was watching his old friend Sherlock - waiting for his reaction, his judgement, and paying little if any heed to John. This gave John time, and opportunity, to study the garden more objectively, to look beyond the teeming maze of greenery that dominated the center of the garden, that called such attention to itself by its abstract fantasy.
“Fanciful,” John said, his face relaxing into a smile. “Though I gave up on maids some time ago, Sherlock.”
He stands, picks up the instrument, takes some time to tune it, then stares out the window, looking for inspiration. Finding none, he turns back toward John, an excuse ready on his lips.
“Harry Potter brought him to us just before Sherlock left for his class,” John shouted over the tantrum. He winced as Mycroft let out a scream so shrill it rattled his eardrums. “It’s Mycroft Holmes – got between a prisoner with a wand and the Auror he was trying to curse."
John was intrigued – by the desperation and passion in Sherlock’s voice, by the entire mysterious concept of this revered mind palace, but mostly by what he already knew of the man. He didn’t find Sherlock Holmes wanting at all. No – the man was intriguing, an enigma, an odd misfit in this propertied, wealthy family.
“He’s better than anything we have, even in his current condition.” The colonel eyed Sherlock with an inscrutable look, which Sherlock could not have seen, given his attention to his finger.
“You’d best get back,” she said, laying a hand casually on Sherlock’s hip. “There’s been a bit of a stir – it seems they’ve lost the General.”
“Unfortunately, there’s no cure for epilepsy,” John stated bluntly. “Sherlock continues to have seizures, though the frequency and intensity vary greatly. I’ve been working with his aide, Billy Wiggins, to track potential triggers.” He glanced at Sherlock to find the man’s sharp eyes on him – he hadn’t divulged this bit of information before. Sherlock continued to scrutinize him as John continued. “His overall health, outside of the epilepsy, is good, though he remained underweight. He seems to have recovered from his injuries otherwise.”
“Molly - it’s not like that – not at all. He asked me how my therapy was progressing. I told him what we were doing with the pills. He – well, he scoffed at the idea.
standing there, looking a bit panicked. He held a pair of hedge trimmers in one hand and a ring of keys in the other.
“Magic!” said Lee with a broad smile. “We can gain an extra minute – maybe more – by slowing the velocity of the group once you’ve all joined hands.” Enough time for the traditional wizarding bonds to be completed before we land and move on to the modified Muggle ceremony.”
Sherlock ran his finger around the edge of the tool, using a manicured nail to pick at the compacted earth, likely years old and sun-baked like a brick. He pressed his thumb against the pointed, triangular tip of the trowel, then gripped the handle in his fist and gave an experimental upward stab, piercing nothing but air, but apparently, if John was correctly interpreting the look on his face, getting a great deal of satisfaction from the act.
John jumped. He hadn’t heard the headmistress approach through the racket, but had never been happier to see her.
Molly frowned. She glanced at her file. “Brewton,” she murmured. She met his gaze again. “Private Brewton.”
“I don’t understand,” he said, not quite achieving the deadly calm in his voice he’d hoped for. “Where’s your righteous indignation? The fire and brimstones for – for – sleeping with another man?” He jerked his head toward the closed door behind him, and the last words came out in a harsh whisper. “Do we get a pass because Sherlock is
“Into the ocean – right here beyond our own garden. So you’d wash back up on the shore and I could sit with you while the sun sets.”
“If I could kiss you now, you idiot, I would,” he said. “And I would, if I didn’t half expect Mycroft has these gardens under aerial surveillance.”
“The idea is to get you outside, breathing fresh air. I didn’t have a lot to choose from – I needed someplace where no one would stumble on us.”
Sherlock, however, who had remained silent during the frantic discussion, observing as he always did, waited until everyone else had run out of ideas before speaking.
He added the last word with a satisfied smile, as if nothing pleased him more than the thought of John trying to get the best of him.
“Ill? Do you mean have I had seizures? No. None at all.” Sherlock’s elbows rested on the arms of the chair and he touched his index fingertips together, making a triangle with his thumbs, then circling his thumbs, first forward, then backwards. He didn’t seem aware at all of these repetitive, geometric movements.
Tension drops away from the man’s body. Sherlock imagines it’s like opening one’s eyes after a long sleep, stepping into Oz and seeing the world in color again. “Oh God, yes.”
He looked away, and John knew there was more he wasn’t saying, but he didn’t pursue it. And after a moment, Sherlock continued.
He sounded more bitter than apologetic. So unlike the Sherlock John had grown to know that John hardly recognized him.
“They’re not forcing me, you know,” Sherlock said after a pause in which John’s ire on his behalf began to fade. “Well -Mycroft rather forced my hand with the decoding job, but I was perfectly happy to take that on. But the other project – the creation of the super code– was my idea. I was thrilled to get the go-ahead and to be removed from the others.”
The woman, apparently finished with her scrutiny of John’s person, pushed the door closed behind him.
“Sherlock!” Rosie handed Hamish off to her husband and dropped down on her knees in front of Sherlock.  “There are just some things you aren’t going to know on
Sherlock blinked, then turned his head quickly and wrapped his hand around John’s neck and kissed him exuberantly.
John’s reply was a groan unleashed, one hand fisting in Sherlock’s jacket to pull him against his body, the other rising on its own accord to wrap around the back of his neck.
There was a day – a clear, crisp Saturday morning just before sunrise, when he swayed on the pavement before St. Bart’s, three sheets to the wind, and Mary’s dying breath filled his sails, and Sherlock Holmes, dressed to the nines for a visit to Buckingham Palace, soared off the roof, ghostly white vestments lifting him to the heavens.
“No, I have a husband. A rather ridiculous one who’s a bit too obsessed about our new neighbor. Just let it go, Sherlock. Harry’s perfectly ordinary. Not everyone loves technology.”
For his part, John willed himself to hold the other man’s gaze and tried very hard not to blink. He failed, however, when Holmes let a self-satisfied smile flit across his face and continued.
“Distracting?” Mycroft shot back, thankfully fast enough for John to swallow the chortle that threatened to erupt.
“Everyone has a story, John,” Sherlock continued. “I’ve told you much of mine, and I’ve deduced much of yours. So where does that leave the two of us?”
She disappeared sometime in the night, after he went to bed at ten o’clock and before he was awakened by a hand clapped over his mouth at three in the morning.
He likes most of the houses they see, but nothing speaks to him in quite the way he’d anticipated. He stands back while Sherlock explores – opening cabinets, peaking under beds, tapping on walls, asking inappropriate questions and deducing the history of the homes and their current owners.
The old lady shakes her head and shrugs lightly «Do you need my answer, John? Doesn't look like tea, nor like one of my herbs soother.»
doesn't he understand? His facial muscles hurt, brows furrowed so hard and nose scrunched up with the sudden disgust coming from the awfully dirty carpet.
It feels a bit like forever fainting. His head is so light, his body so heavy. If he loses grip on the air, the head might pull apart and drift away from the rest of him. Brain leaving soul and matter behind.
«Sherlock? I brought you some toast, dear!» it's not like she expects him to trot happily to her, he never was one to show sentimentalism before. But NOW, it is painful. It's painful in the same way her hip hurts her: constantly, silently, keeping her away from the stairs to the upper floor and from the door to go outside. She's afraid of leaving the house, afraid of coming home to an empty flat. Empty flat with a dead body, if she's lucky. Because Sherlock is probably one to simply disappear and die alone where nobody can find him.
survivors.» John looks at him with wide eyes, the detective's voice so frantic and agitated it almost sent Baskerville's flashbacks in John's head.
John looks around the flat. It's a disaster. He can see where the younger man spent his days, blankets crumpled in a corner like a nest. There are shattered plates, mugs laying on the old parquet. Empty bottles of scotch. Syringes. He forces himself to think that it's not a physical representation of Sherlock's condition at the moment. Ruined. Messed up. Posisoned. Abandoned.
abort mission,abort mission. The alarm sirens go silent in his head. The fog dissipates. The walls are made of sand and they are collapsing over him.
The bathtub is almost full. His Mind Palace is pretty full too. There's something new in a corner of the left wing of the building. He still cannot enter the room. The door is locked. Frustration.
What? «They? Who are you talking about? No, Sherlock? Open your eyes, stay here.» he forces his eyes open again, thumbs gently touching the bluish lids. «Here, look at me. Good lad, here you are.» he pushes aside the damp hair resting on his wet forehead, sighing in defeat when he feel the skin giving out heat. «Fever, great. Mycroft, come here a minute!»
He starts walking towards the main door of the house, politely smiles at the victim's wife to look as casual as possible -it's not like he just spent five minutes crawling around the naked, dead body of her departed husband- and heads out. It's raining, cabs are picking up strangers on the street. Do they know there's a dead man and a murderer just at few feet distance from the safety of their homes? Ah, it's such a nice morning.
This is the John he used to be. Before Sherlock, before returning to London among civilians. The Army doctor with anger managment issues. The soldier with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. The one who visited a therapist twice a week to avoid shooting a screaming homeless man on the other side of the road and to stop shoving himself on the ground in a protection position everytime a car's engine would fail and let out a loud bang.
Dilated pupils are staring at him, studying reactions and movements, following his emotions with a tilt of the head that resemble one of an animal. He looks like a feline, eyes dark and scanning maniacally John's features. His hand lowers.
He now notices how both the detective's thumbs are pressing down on the pulse point of his own wrists, counting beats and rate and
«Sorry, sorry I am so sorry I am sorry John please forgive me- » it goes on and on without rest, lips barely opening to let the litany slip out.
Sherlock sees it, of course he does. And he smirks sadly for half a second before guilt punches him in the guts.
John looks at the man sleeping heavily beside him, then carefully slips out of bed and follows the older Holmes in the living room.
His Mind Palace is messy. There are papers of documents resting messily on the floor on the hallway. The windows' glass looks clouded, smoked, too thick for light to pass through. And if he can't trust in mind's eyes, how can he be aware of what's happening?
, his new job and habits. He tried to bury the fear under the carpet with the dust of months of postponed cleanings. He wanted it to work.
A small nod while he readjusts himself on the sofa, matted hair stuck on his sweaty forehead. And he knows just how John is going to leave the tea bag a little less in the hot water, to avoid a stronger taste in Sherlock's cup. He knows he will put just one spoon of sugar, to let Sherlock's tastebuds regain control. Because John is just like that, maybe because he's a doctor or because he's seen the effects of his mistakes enough times to let it happen again.
He can't rest. That's the best and worst thing at the same time. His brain is a machine, it never rests. It is constantly busy deducing important things and less important things, always working whether it's a case or the way someone is limping on the stairs. He can't rest. His fingers brush absently on the armrest of his chair, tracing imaginary patterns while his mind is self inducing something in his Mind Palace.
And maybe because every time he sees Sherlock crumbling apart, sliding on the floor, clutching at his own hair with desperation and gasping for air, he sees himself in his old room, gun pointed at the roof of his mouth, hands trembling and panic raising. And oh, how he wished he had a Sherlock by his side.
Something resembling a cup rolls on the wooden floor, the tip of Mycroft's umbrella hitting the thing repeatedly. «We both know of his addiction, I can't let him destroy himself again af-»
He stares at the unmoving eyes fixed on the table hoping for eye contact. Mycroft lets out a sad sigh, shakes his head.
long pause, deep silence. Sand is filling up his body, legs heavy and lungs full. He needs to shut down
John's watch is ticking loudly, Sherlock's heart is trying to catch up with the rythm. He really tried to catch up with the rythm of this new life.
Hello beautiful people! This chapter is a little bit shorter than the previous, finding time to write these days seems impossible. I hope you'll enjoy it despite the flaws.
the room is too dark and the lack of light is grinding his whole body, lungs crushing and drying out like raisins and the pressure in his ears is making his mouth feel weird and eyes shut tight tight
He doesn't feel his own arms holding out and his fingers gripping the soft hems of a flannel shirt. John, it's John.
«Look, if you wan-need me to stay you just need to tell. Just stop taking the piss, it's becoming tiring and I have no energy for your games.»
This is not him. This is not Sherlock using drugs to get hype. This is not him trying to piss her off. It's not him being stubborn over a though case.
There's an awkward pause, silence thick with consequences of the next words. Possibilities are hanging from the roof of the room like festive decorations.
John lets out a heavy puff of air. «Yes, god yes. Thank god. I am here.» he smiles down tentatively, hands coming down to rest on the mattress.
The thing about perceiving everything that meets one of your senses is that your brain never rest. If he closes his eyes to avoid involuntary deductions, he still hears the way a person speaks too fast and then falters or the weird pauses in which he can almost picture the lies taking form.
Their eyes meet for a moment and John's breath hitches. Sherlock's eyes are glossy and tired, pupils blown and scleras bloodshot. Sherlock's mouth opens and closes few time, gaping.
«Sherlock for Christ's sake! I swear to god I'm gonna kick this freaking door down right now if you don't come out of this damn room. » John.
But with empty glasses joined empty sheets, a side of the bed going cold each night. Mary would turns around in her sleep to find the covers rised on John's side, the alarm on the nighstand whispering
«I don't know. Just- » index and thumb pinch the bridge of his nose, the pressure behind his eyes is getting unsustainable. «Can you give me space? I need air!»
«Sarah bought it for me! What's wrong? Is it the problem?» confusion. John is confused, but irritation lingers in his questions.
«Here, see? It's alright, do it with me. Nothing to worry about.» skilled gestures bring his right hand up to touch hot skin, a thumb presses his own into a soft spot.
But this can't work, can it? Because Mrs Hudson is clinging on John's arm as if she could fall anytime soon and she breathes too loudly and the fog is clouding his brain and eyes and-
. The shards stabs right into his grey matter. He can feel the blood boiling and the pressure behind his eyes skyrocketing. Nothing of it shows on the outside of his flesh shell. «Oh, am I? I don't resemble seeing you frequently in this flat these days.» is his voice composed? Steady. Yes. Maybe. Maybe not, judging from John's short intake of air. Surprise? He's taken aback.
His tired eyes are red with crying, shirt crumpled and wrinkled with sleep. «But Mycroft is right, I suppose.» he walks to the kitchen table, looks for a clean cup.
«Sherlock, please you need to s-STOP! Mrs Hudson!» john is standing on the way to the stairs, afraid Sherlock might decide to go outside in this state.
It started like this, with a «glass of water, the ham we ate got me super thirsty last night.» and a reassuring smile.
Since then, strong arms were always restraining him from behind, his own back pushed closer to the brother's chest.
John's heart shrinks and sinks. Sherlock's eyes are red rimmed, the bruise from the previous episode now dark and the blood dry.
» Sherlock mocks Mycroft, waving abstractally his hand in his direction before going back to protect his triggered eyes.
He looks somehow beautiful, in the most innocent way; in a sad way, because his skin is pale and looks thin and worn out and a small hint of his previous state is visible in his slightly trembling body.
The doctor stares at him, mouth open and hands stuck mid-air. «Sherlock, you're making no sense. Calm down, breathe in.»
Mycroft told him about Serbia, about torture and abuse and that Sherlock is not healing. He is not healing and is numbing flashbacks and pain with cocaine and morphine and god knows what else. John himself is not over his own post traumatic stress and he can't see how they could survive to Sherlock's.
John walked over and sat on the edge of one of the small beds. "It's not fashion week. No one will care that we're wearing the same shirt."
She was gorgeous, hair up in a fierce knot on her head and intense eyes on the screen of her Blackberry. He only had a second to admire her before the strongman got out and 'convinced' him to ride along, unused cardboard boxes abandoned on the kerb.
"Quickly," Sherlock said, letting go of John's hand and rushing to the smallest of the cadaver fridges.
That first night, Sherlock got ready for bed as if he were a normal person. It was eleven at night and the chill was leaking in through the single pane window as he pulled on his pyjamas and his ratty, woolen jacket. He'd placed a chair beneath the window when he found it could be opened and sat for a moment smoking out of it and thinking about his plan.
"Thigh?" Sherlock asked, dipping back into the small bottle and bringing out more of the white paste.
"I want you inside me," Sherlock said, and it was such a delightful idea that John didn't question the fact that they were apparently doing what the prostitute wanted, and that wasn't usually the way things went.
Once they were standing in the public stall of the student's loo, Sherlock pulled a marker from his pocket. He held it out to Derrick.
He took on more cases, even cases he knew he wouldn't be interested in, just to keep busy. He nearly made three prospective clients cry and actually made another throw down the cup they'd been holding and storm out. He was beginning to get a more pungent form of the reputation he already had around the met, but online. He closed comments within the week, not willing to have interested subjects see tale of his disrespect.
"Alright, class," Sherlock began, surveying the sea of students eagerly awaiting his command, "can anyone tell me why we moved from the terms Head Master and Head Mistress to Head Teacher?"
Greg held his left hand up, wriggling his fingers and not looking away from the computer screen. By the end of the work day the news had got around the office and when Greg and Mycroft attempted to leave Sally stopped them.
Sherlock nodded and picked up the small cup of baijiu with his rather large fingers, the size of the cup making them appear even larger. "People are particular about their brand of cigarettes."
She wasn't large after all, just bogged down by three shoulder bags and a broken umbrella. She let all of her things fall to the floor and unfurled to her full height and Jane found herself staring. Her hair was a tangle of messy curls, bobbing and seeming to grow before Jane's eyes. The humidity was cruel to this woman.
He read over the first few paragraphs again. In the story, the doctor's flatmate (and at that Sherlock sent a confused look John's way) was a scientist. He was a grumpy scientist with a coif of unruly hair. The doctor denied his early attraction, assuring himself that the man was uninterested. Now they were standing out on the kerb in the middle of the night after an experiment gone rogue had made the flat uninhabitable for the time being.
Mycroft was still asleep, hair sticking up and mouth slightly agape. It was a scene Greg knew well but one he had no idea he would experience again. Mycroft just looked so...soft. All the hard angles caused by anger and disappointment and his overactive suspicion were smoothed away in sleep and Greg couldn't stop himself from reaching out and running fingers through the soft red hairs on his chest.
Sherlock went to the local library and started combing through past newspapers, looking for deaths near the house. From what he'd read in multiple accounts, the dead often had a difficult time leaving the place they died. If they had unfinished business, that was.
Sherlock nodded towards his bedroom and John helped him along, though walking on a flat surface didn't truly require it. Once in the bedroom, Sherlock turned on his bedside lamp and John looked around, puzzled. The room was orderly, almost as orderly as John's own. In the open closet, seven or so nearly identical suits hung pristinely next to twice as many pressed shirts and an abundance of ties in a myriad of colours. The only personal items out were two books on the bedside table, and even those were perfectly stacked.
Sherlock hummed in agreement and poured the hot water, taking the mugs to the small side table and pulling it so he could sit on the bed with his legs crossed. John stared at him for a moment before he sat down next to him and stared into the tea.
Less than a hour later they were having their first fight. Jane stood with the groceries and tried to explain to Sherlock that she really didn't think it was okay to place the milk in a cadaver fridge.
"What are you doing back in London? I heard you and the missus were living a few hours away," Mike said. John raised his eyebrows and Mike had the presence of mind to look embarrassed. "Word gets around when a doctor marries a nurse."
"You're new," the woman said, taking the cup and stepping over the pile of things she had obviously decided to leave where they landed.
"Yes, well, I did. Would have ended up reading it anyhow. I should have recognised your writing straight away," Sherlock said, standing up and walking past John to the kitchen. "And your screen name? Should have guessed it the second we met."
Sherlock heard the tub turn on and closed his eyes again. He was...he wasn't even really there. He felt like he was melting, becoming part of the bed. John was back and pulling his condom off, and gathering him up in his arms soon enough. It was nice, because he was covered in sweat and it was cooling.
In the last month they'd spent five nights in Mycroft's flat and only two in his. They were still edging towards what Greg was sure was more than friendship. It was strange for Greg, he'd always rushed into things, always. This time he felt like he'd spent so long trying not to rush into it that he'd confused things. There were times that he thought Mycroft knew how much he wanted him, like when they'd shared champagne late at night when his divorce had gone through, but other times he wondered if he was supposed to make the first move.
Not only have our boys been nearly caught canoodling on convention center property, but they've apparently scrapped their old hotel rooms and moved into the Valentine's Day suite. What goes on behind closed doors is up for speculation, but here's to hoping the champagne and bubble bath gets them in the mood.
John clutched Sherlock's hand and then let it go as if he'd been burned, closing his eyes and reaching out to turn the light off. "You've got to be more careful. Maybe take your brother up on the security he offered."
"Mycroft said we should get a maid. It occurred to me that we could insist that Mrs Hudson and her sister take the downstairs. The sister lives here in town. I'm sure she could be persuaded," Sherlock said, eyes flitting back and forth on the street.
Sherlock heard John draw in a deep breath before saying the same, and rang off quickly so he didn't have to hear the man utter his name.
"Oh, for heaven's sake," Mycroft huffed, standing and turning on a record as Greg chuckled and lit the fire.
Sherlock lay flat on the bed and ground his teeth. ‘Get it back..get the pain under control,’ he thought.
I am working a writer's convention for the next two weeks. Yesterday I met the writer who is sharing my booth. At first he seemed to be as uninterested in being there as I was, sorry, Greg. After a while I realised he was just horrible company.
"Romance?" John asked taking the bags from Sherlock's hands and setting them on the table. "I can, um, get rid of it all if-"
They found the room easily enough and were soon standing in it, uncomfortably close to one another. John was sure it was only uncomfortable for the fact that they should have been touching, but he didn't say so.
William sighed and straightened his cuffs, looking to the ground. "No, what I mean is, we were never married. She's a detective, you see, and I'm a bit of one myself," there was a pause, "Sherlock Holmes. At your service."
"You're gorgeous," John whispered, hands running down Sherlock's chest and over his ribs delicately. "Lay down now. Get under the covers, yeah?"
"Tell that to the kid who ran screaming from it last month before we agreed to move in, or the one that jumped from the roof," Marty...Mitchell...Mike, shot back.
"You told me you were going to meet the killer in public," he said, tracing his fingers over Sherlock's thigh in a calming pattern. "But you didn't say where. I guess I just assumed it was somewhere in London."
"There have to be hundreds of books on learning BSL. We can start as soon as I get back," Sherlock ranted as they left the house. "It will be so much easier than finding a pencil, won't it?"
At that point, he couldn't really imagine anything more. He was sure he would balk at the chance to take it further, and figured that that would make him a horrible boyfriend. If he'd never be able to touch Charlie intimately, never be able to satisfy him, then what was the point?
"Obviously. It wasn't there before we-" Sherlock trailed off, eyes flitting over Jane. "Let me see your left palm."
Sherlock knocked him onto the bed, kissing his neck and tearing at his clothes. John moaned and huffed out a laugh, allowing Sherlock to start unbuttoning his shirt for him.
Sherlock remained silent and John looked up at him. He looked pained, as if he knew exactly what John was speaking of. John wanted to pull him into his arms and tell him everything was going to be alright, that no matter what, God loved him. That he was loved.
Sherlock broke into a laugh and sat next to him, his voice rumbling out of him as he pondered aloud, "which case to start with?"
Sherlock looked up at him, smiling suddenly. "Although, now that it's been closed the murderer will drop their guard. That would make it a bit easier for me to catch him."
"The house, of course. We will have to give them all thirty day notice of move out, but that time will pass quickly, what with break only a week away," Sherlock explained. "Would you come to Southampton with the family? It'll be terribly boring without you."
"You're starting to scare me, Myc," Greg said, getting into the waiting sedan and scooting over so that Mycroft could slide in next to him.
What you're dealing with is shock, in case you haven't figured that out yet. The fact that you're in shock proves that you're human. The fact that an accident pushed you over the edge is unsurprising. Your compartmentalization makes you a good doctor, but no one can expect what you saw. No one.
He drank down the last of his tumbler and went to his bed to watch the rest. He sat on it gingerly, refusing to undress, as that would simply urge that aspect of it along, and opened the laptop.
"Who are you hoping to hear from?" Molly chirped, tucking a lock of hair behind one ear and trying not to sound overly keen. Everything she said sounded overly keen to her own ears.
"At least we have that in common," John said, hovering over his shoulder before slumping to the bed.
He could taste the copper on his tongue and took his only bit of comfort in the form of knowing his brother would already be at work, even this early, and he was free to scream as loud as he wanted. Alice never minded, her husband had been in the war.
The thing that really won him over, though, was Watson's unrelenting competency. He just didn't stop working until he was done. That first week he'd been covered in blood and unfazed and it hadn't stopped there. He was the perfect soldier, that way; willing to work his heart out at the drop of a hat. Seconds after being woken up, Watson was ready to go, mentally taking notes and readying himself for whatever hell he was about to see. Murray didn't know if anything would ever be able to break the man's pace. Ever.
After making it back to the flat without a full on snogging session in the cab, Sherlock ran up the stairs ahead of John. By the time John made it to the landing, Sherlock was bustling around the room, tidying of a sort, and obviously nervous. John just watched him, the madman, and smiled.
"And, you know, the company pays for spouses to accompany us on trips, no matter how small. So..." John said, hopeful smile appearing.
Sherlock glanced up at him, fingers pausing menacingly above the keys, and looked horrified by the accusation. "You made me eat breakfast. Of course I can't think!"
I suppose you've all figured out that I'm writing about the writer Sherlock Holmes. I hardly thought that anyone would read this or I would have been more stealthy. The number of hits since yesterday is frightening. I should say that I had no intention of linking this blog to the convention page. Sometimes managers take things into their own hands, sorry Greg.
"I've had an offer from the Met. I'll be moving to London in three months' time. I've already talked to Dimmock," Greg explained. "He'll let you on cases."
His heart was beating and he couldn't stop smiling and, after taking a few gulps of his drink, holding the laptop to his chest.
And now I've gone and spent the whole time talking about Sherlock. I suppose once you meet him you have no other choice.
He pulled it back off, it feeling like a costume when there wasn't any blood being shed, and sat back in his chair at his small desk and sighed.
"Between firefights and surgeries," Sherlock said, wanting, and not knowing why, to remind John of his time in the army.
"You are brilliant, and gorgeous," John murmured gently. "I'd only known you a day, and I was taken. Do you know how long it's been since someone took my breath away?"
There was a long pause, and the sound of shuffling, and Sherlock let his eyes fall closed as John started to speak again. "My mum always wanted me to be a doctor. Have I ever told you that? Yeah. School administrator was as close to a dirty word as you could get in our house."
John laughed, despite himself, and poked Mike with his cane to stop him, “I haven’t even had the interview yet.”
He called down to the front for another bottle of champagne and waited for Sherlock's return. God, he felt silly. He'd written about such drivel but never cared enough about someone to go to the trouble of attempting romance before. He wondered if he was doing it right. He fidgeted with the roses on the small table and took the champagne when it was brought.
"You've got PTSD and you won't speak to anyone about it. If you didn't have nightmares, I would have been surprised. Tonight will probably be particularly bad, after what I did in the lift," Sherlock explained.
'But do tell me about this flatmate you had that was soooo very interesting,' he wanted to add. 'This handsome scientist of yours.'
John dropped to his knees and engulfed Sherlock's cock with the slick heat of his mouth, shocking the thought from Sherlock's mind and making his legs go a bit weak. He pulled back, lipping at Sherlock's foreskin and then sank down again as he pressed one finger into him.
Sherlock nodded and, when John finally turned to walk back to the front of the shop, took a sip of the freshly brewed coffee.
"Sorry, are you my aunt's solicitor?" Jane asked, eyebrows pulled tight and eyes flitting between Sherlock and the man.
The letter wasn't addressed to him. He'd only realised that once he'd opened it, though, and who would know that he'd read through it at that point? Perhaps the assumption would even be that he HAD. And if you thought of it that way, he should read it simply on principle.
Sherlock unfolded herself with unreasonable elegance and pointed to her bed before leaving the room. Jane swallowed and went to sit on the edge. She hadn't been in someone else's bed in years, each one of her dalliances during active duty taking place in pub's back rooms and cheap hotels. Now, even though it had nothing to do with sex, the sink of the mattress under her was bringing on all sorts of responses and reminding her of how close to kissing they had been earlier.
Sherlock's brain was screaming at him, emergency lights flashing behind his eyes, but he couldn't stop. "The duffel at the end of your bed is not only military style, but military issued, the way you stand when you relax is a perfect 'at ease', your hair has two months growth, but used to be a military cut, and you called the dining room the mess hall."
Jane felt like she was about to break out in either laughter or tears. “You’re asking me to move in with you? We only met today. Don’t you think that’s a little bit...forward?”
Christ, if that didn't sound familiar. He'd almost said the same exact words years earlier. It had taken over a year of therapy for him to say them, so he wondered how long Sherlock had held onto these thoughts.
One glass for every time Ella asked about Sherlock and he felt trapped in a trench in fucking Afghanistan.
And he started preferring the stinging company of needles, the consuming friendship of improvised tourniquets. And those blue and purple spots looked like they earned their place, like they belonged there like bruises from torture and stitches blindly applied. He deserved it, both the exciting highs and the suicidal downhills of the aftermath.
There's a weird silence. Sherlock's eyes run from one point to another without resting, not staring at the same thing twice, not even looking at something properly. «John spent the night out. He couldn't be here with us this morning.» stomach twists in a weird way.
Sherlock's eyes flicker on their direction, brows knitted together. He knows they are talking about him. Lestrade's face says it all. John looks like he just discovered the heart is not flat.
John's nostrils flares with sudden anger. Not with Sherlock, but with himself. The scene is missing a piece and it takes Sherlock fucking Holmes to understand what it is. The only constant in this conversation are mood swings.
Once Mycroft tried to stop his hands from hitting himself, but Sherlock ended up hitting his older brother in the moment.
Alert! He hears the doors shutting down, hallways preparing to the incoming data. He'll need another isolation cell, padded and soundproof.
He pissed the bed once. He burnt the sheets. Mrs Hudson came rushing up the stairs, hand on her bad hip, worrying the life out of her. It was an experiment, he said.
A loud cry of pain makes both their heads jerk towards the hallway. Then silence. Complete silence. Dead silence. Not a single breathe, not a cracking step. The landlady's shaky index points towards Sherlock's bedroom.
He loses it in the way his hands reach on his hair to get handful of dark locks. He loses it in the way his wild eyes start running around the room stopping on nothing and taking everything in.
What happened? John was so calm. What is he thinking? He did expect John to burst out of the room, stomping loudly. But he is just making tea.
Are his lips able to move? Chapped, a thin layer of blood covers them. «'Dunno. Everything.» breathe in, breathe out.
«You are, then.» suddenly the ticking of John's watch is too loud. And the food too scented. And the air too thin.
The detective whimpers, lids fluttering open a couple of times before opening wide with shock. «DON'T-!»
«It's not like i have a choice here, you tried to crush my fingers.» his right middle one is starting to redden up a bit. A dull ache is echoing in his ears.
and closes the distance between them with three steps. «THIS IS WHAT I AM TALKING ABOUT!» he anxiously dabs the blood with a used paper napkin, crumbs of pastries falling on the floor. Sherlock's mouth feels dry. «Sherlock, you can't do this. You can't be alone, please let us help you.»
he's on the bed, head sunk in his thin abused arms and hands gripping tightly the dark locks of dirty hair. Something in the air is wrong, terribly tense.
«Sherlock, stop hitting yourself. Please, you're bleeding.» in another occasion John would use his soldier voice, impose over him to make Sherlock do what he wants. But now his tone is desperate, soft and thin.
It's like being at school all over again, Mrs Chambers would yell at him in front of the whole class trying to get Sherlock to look up at her. Results? Never.
But it's not. He's going to be even more ashamed after this, he won't look John in the eyes ever again. He's going to die alone. John is going to leave.
The nice restaurant, the expensive wine he almost didn't touch, the fine champagne. It all went to waste.
John is stuck in his place. What happened? What was that? He looks for new shots in the wall. None. Stabbed mail on the shelf? None. Frustrating email? Laptop shut. «Alright.»
he still hears Sherlock's apologieses chanting between sobs and groans from hours before. And the detective does too, his head snapping up so fast his muscles screamed in protest. «John, you have nothing to be sorry about.» his tone is almost affronted, eyes wide with
Hide like when he was 13 and his classmates were teasing him over his shaking leg and flapping hand.
This is an angsty peek at John's life while Sherlock was away. It's a shorty chapter, as I don't want to anguish anyone with a 8 pages long sad monologue. I am sorry for my long absence, I can't promise I'll be constant with my work because I've been through some nasty things. I hope I'll be able to return with more constancy in a couple of weeks.
Sorry this took so long to update. I had a couple of pretty busy days and wasn't able to write anything. Hope you like it!
«John, don't overthink it. It slipped, I apologise.» Sherlock's voice is too soft, worry melting on each word and he sucks in his bottom lip with anxiety, gaze dropping on John's feet.
«Go away.» he spits through gritted teeth. His hands are shaking again, laid by his sides. He catches John glaring at them and tries to hide them in the pokets. «Leave, now. It's not your home anymore.»
He felt like the he was the crime of the scene. He had to be careful around him, quiet and silent and so so careful. On their first case after Sherlock's return, John had no idea why but he felt the need to be as invisible as possible. Sherlock was strangely not rude, something tender taking the best of him in the way his gaze dropped on the floor and softened everytime it met John's.
He's been in his bedroom, sitting on the floor, for the past twentynine hours. twentynine hours straight. He heard plates being left by his door, cups of tea slipping past a small space when Mrs Hudson felt brave enough to actually dare to open the door.
«It doesn't sound strange, it's bloody stupid! Are you quite stupid?» that makes the soldier lift an eyebrow, chin tilts a little.
John's mouth still stands agape, his gaze is running around as if he's scanning through possible answers. «Oh.»
30 something and typing "sex marks" on google. For a case, of course. John's case. He'd call it "why do i have to make public the fact that i eloped with Sarah" on his stupid website. Sherlock actually enjoys John's blog. Not stupid.
«What should we do now? He won't talk about it, right?» she is standing on the armrest, hands resting on her knee.
Are these low and highs of the drugs mix? Is this Sherlock not being able to traduce his unstoppable train of thoughts?
«Mind Palaces do not require any type of maintenance. Also, i don't think i need to remind you how unlikelu it is for me to even approach the idea of cleaning. I can't clean up my mess, can I? »
Sherlock's brain is shouting. He was almost there, he could see what's behind the closed door. He was almost there!
John is standing right in front of him, both hands on the sides of the laptop, demanding attention and imposing over the detective.
the only thing he feels distinclty right now is his won heartbeat bursting in his ears. His stomach is tight. Legs feel like they need to start running.
«Exactly! You didn't know and you acted perfectly fine and I swear I will make you move out of this flat right now if you change your habits around me. I am perfectly fine and I don't need you to add autism to the causes of my
Heels on cracking steps, Mrs Hudson coming upstairs. «John, dear? What's going on?» consonant so loud they feels like chainsaw and Sherlock wants to cry out.
Mycroft doesn't turn, keeps staring out of the window with what probably are sad eyes. He points something with his hands behind his back and John takes few seconds before getting the imput. «Take a sit, Dr Watson. This is not going to be a light tell.»
«Mycroft, what is going on? » the doctor's nostrils are flared with stress, eyes staring directely at the elder Holmes.
«I put profound faith in your medical experience and I expect you to know exactly what we are witnessing, Doctor Watson.» he successfully blocks Sherlock's left hand, stopping the self hitting behaviour. «Shh, shh it's fine. It's fine. »
Did he talk out loud? He did. «Christ, as in 'Jesus Christ this is so easy even you could have got it if you tried hard enough, Graham'.»
Sherlock was alive. John looked like death. He punched him, straight in the face. More than once. And the passive aggressive mourning John came back that night.
John eyes lift from the diary Sherlock handed him before sprinting in another room of the building they're currently in. His eyes meet Lestrade's ones. «Yes?» he looks to the sides as if trying to confirm he's the only John in the room.
Cold red rimmed eyes are boring slowly in his chest, making their way down his veins and bones and sinking to the concrete of the walkway.
The first time they met after Sherlock's death, John went for his throat. Not just once,and rough enough to leave him with a busted lip and all that. And he knows it was something he should have anticipated, but still it stings like a splinter under his fingernail.
might be a problem?» and he is trying to keep his voice calm but his throat pushes the words out angrily and roughly and he feels ready to end a man.
And he's gathering his stuff for the date, Sherlock watches him deciding if he should wear the date shoes not not. He doesn't. Sherlock chest sinks a bit deeper. John is SO comfortable with Sarah.
He's alone as he was in the cell. He can still smell the faint stench of urine and blood and vomit and death. He can feel the leather on his back, the metal on his hands, the chains holding his whole body up.
he feels, how stronger his senses are. He's been tortured and he's torturing himself right now and has been doing so since he's come back and John can't understand.
it's been months since he last touched John. On purpose, being conscious of his actions. Not that touching was a recurrent thing in their
He didn't touch a thing in the end, just carried his miserable half empty bags down the stairs and into a taxi.
The texture of the chair is starting to burn on his fingertips, sending shivers through his whole neurological system. Too silky, too smooth too much too much too much his fingers hurt his skin wants to rip away.
«That's it? Just cocaine and morphine? Can you promise, Sherlock?» Mycroft takes out a small black moleskine and a pretentious golden pen. John can't believe his words.
John didn't expect Sherlock to ever return home, just like he never thought himself to come back from war.
«You have absolutely nothing to be sorry about and I don't want to hear another single word out of your mouth.» a cup hit loudly the bottom of the sink. «I am going to take a shower.»
And when a hand brushes on his shoulder, his chest burst into a fit of loud sobs, stinging sensation irradiating from the point the hand touched his body.
"You're someone who has seen fighting and death and saved people with your hands and you're alone and I thought...I just thought maybe you were like me," Sherlock said.
“Anything you feel like telling me, Sherlock?” Mycroft murmured. “You know that fraternizing is absolutely not-“
The lift settled again and Sherlock fumbled to close the door on the seventh floor and hit the button for the top; the office suite. John chuckled and shifted his weight.
"Perhaps I can help. I've not got a job right now. I could do things around the shop, from time to time," Jane interrupted.
They were met with scowls when they arrived on the scene, reminding John that Sherlock had a tumultuous relationship with his sort of coworkers. He hung back a bit, though he was feeling a strange mix of affection and protectiveness.
John placed all his attention in his studies, knowing he needed to get out, and get out as soon as possible. He was able to graduate a year early, taking classes during the summer months just to stay away from his tumultuous home life. He was even able to win an award that covered the first year of medical school.
"When did you last receive jewelry from your husband?" Sherlock asked, as he went onto the next pair of earrings.
Before John knew it, Sherlock was up in the attic cursing and banging around. Mrs H had already excused herself and John had been standing out in the rain, not knowing what to do next, for quite some time. He grinned and floated up and through the wall, surprising Sherlock, who could apparently see him do it.
A relationship, though, had always been out of the question. If he was honest with himself he'd admit to being a bit afraid of how involved he might become. His focus on the work was important, and he didn't feel it was worth it to waste that on some random person who would, undoubtedly, grow bored of his antics.
He hadn't forgot about his mystery commenter, but after two days without a response, he figured they were gone. They weren't, though. They were back. He opened the email and started to read.
John huffed out a strange laugh and ran his hands through his hair. "Yeah, well, would be nice to get out of the bedsit. Not sure I can afford a place in Central London, though."
The end of a perfect day for Sherlock and John and the beginning of a tense night for Greg and Mycroft.
John stopped to buy a few boxes, flat cardboard unwieldy and poking at his underarm as he walked along the street. The store was a short walk from his flat-his old flat, he reminded himself- and it seemed at the time the better idea to walk. He took a second to fold down the flaps and get a better hold on the boxes before continuing on his way, thinking to himself that Sherlock would have been able to carry them just fine, what with his ridiculous arms.
Sherlock curled in on himself more tightly, worn body creaking. He'd always hoped he would die in his sleep, but sleep, it seemed, would continue to elude him. He groaned and rested his forehead against his arm, looking across the long expanse of the sitting room to the kitchen.
John couldn't stay in the hospital any longer. He was only there because he'd been doing intensive physio, anyhow. He had to, he had to bloody leave.
It was the day after the cleaners had left, the smell still lingering slightly, that Sherlock received the response. He tore into it as if his life depended on it.
He cleared his throat and flipped to the first page, ignoring the prologue because he always found them boring, and started to read.
"I said," and the smile let Jane know Sherlock had seen how taken she really was, "that now I'm going to take you home and work on that shoulder. You'll be stiff by morning if we don't do something about it now."
He'd always been a loner, taught young that opening up to people often ended in a bloody nose, and had liked it that way, or at least convinced himself that he liked it. He hadn't made any real friends in the army, besides Bill, who had saved his bloody life, so his loneliness was more based on isolation. He didn't want people to talk to, really, he just wanted people around.
Sherlock stopped in front of the man and woman and smiled at them. He turned to look at the necklace that John assumed the man was trying to steal. It was elegant and studded with stones. John had a feeling they weren't paste.
He was handsome, quite handsome, and the only Dr John Watson that showed up in any of Sherlock's searches. So...he hadn't lied about how much money he was making. Sherlock felt something stirring again in his belly as he clicked the link to read the man's bio.
Sherlock was beyond any type of real concentration at that point and the scene he'd had going in his head melted away to reveal what was really turning him on; John's voice calling him brilliant over and over again. 'Brilliant, Sherlock,' it hissed. 'You got that all from the dirt, just brilliant.'
"You walk with a limp but you ride a bike well," the man said when John finally caught up. "You hold yourself like military. Are you on leave? Boring place to spend your leave. Should have gone to the city."
"I can undress myself," Sherlock noted groggily, letting John pull the confining thing over his head.
John looked over at him and chewed his lip in an attempt not to smile and Sherlock downed his second glass. He was already feeling fuzzy around the edges and silently cursed himself for not having lunch or supper.
When John finally roused Sherlock, the bath water had gone tepid and most of the bubbles had popped. Sherlock blinked his eyes open and looked down at his legs through the hazy water.
John smiled at him cheekily and went to brush his teeth, handing over the brush and toothpaste after he was done. Sherlock took it and looked it over before piling the brush with toothpaste and scrubbing at his teeth and tongue.
Sherlock looked over at him with apprehension in his eyes and John breathed deeply, not sure what to expect.
"Why can't the criminals in this city do anything interesting? Do I have to move?" Sherlock hissed, pushing past Lestrade and pacing.
John pulled his cane closer to himself so that the people seated next to him wouldn’t jostle his leg as they left. He waited until there was enough room for him to get up, with a grunt, and tried his best to blend into the stream that was making its way to the surface. He almost tripped twice going up the stairs, and as far as he could tell that was enough reason to take a break in the park on the way and catch his breath; after he bought himself a damn coffee.
Sherlock looked a bit confused, but smiled and kept up as the walked back through the park. "How so?"
"Lapsed, perhaps, yet..." Sherlock pressed. "Tomorrow? The local school has a rather good gymnasium."
"Listen," John said, swallowing hard and shifting to look over his shoulder, "I really think we should discuss payment. I don't...it's not that I have anywhere to be, but-"
There was a long pause before John replied. "Hang on, you're not hoping I'll catch a cab to your place and look at it?"
Before he could respond the dream was slipping away, the sound of the vicarage phone ringing and pulling him from sleep. He clenched his eyes closed and focused on the feel of those fingers, those long, deft, fingers.
"You hungry?" John interrupted, licking his lips before going on. "I'm off in five and want to grab something to eat. There's a good Indian place around the corner."
He did find Sherlock in the library, the end of the seed pod dissected on the large table and forgot completely. The man was already opening several texts and sitting back in the chair John considered his.
"I don't know what to say," John admitted, a frisson of anger going through him as the kettle interrupted on the last word.
John wrinkled his nose and cocked his head to the side, looking utterly perplexed. When it finally hit him that this man, this stranger, knew what he'd written his face fell.
Mycroft smiled to himself, because he was sure she was right. He looked up at his secretary and gave her a curt nod; just about the biggest of compliments he had to give. The woman smiled from the doorway and nodded once back before closing the door on her way out.
"Give us an hour. We'll see how it goes, and perhaps, if you're very good, it can be a regular occurrence," John murmured, running his fingers through Sherlock's curls and nosing his neck.
"Don't tell me you want me to pity the death of a horrible man," Jane said, wry smile taking to her lips.
"I just met the most...well, he was just, so very...I don't actually know how to explain-" John tried, thinking back through their walk and becoming even more confused.
"It must be painfully boring not having anything to do. I suppose that's what the holes are for. Bui of manual labor to pass the time," Sherlock said, pushing some of the dirt back into the hole John had just made with one expensive shoe. "And...I could use an assistant," Sherlock added.
Sherlock mentally flipped through every new thing he'd gleaned from the doctor. Now that his heart had stopped racing at the man's presence, and the embarrassment settled down, he was able to see him.
"I'm not an idiot, dearie. And I'm certainly not the type to care what goes on in the hearts of men like you," Mrs Hudson said definitively.
And there, there was where John needed to say something. Something like 'there's really no way for us to be together long term', or 'you'll tire of me as you grow older, and I won't even have the solace of death to heal that wound'.
"Let's see it, then," John said, watching as the man rose and let the suit jacket he was wearing fall back to the cot. The right sleeve was buttoned, however, the left definitely couldn't have been, even if he wanted it to be. "How long ago did you injure this?" he asked, concern swelling as he pushed the sleeve up and started to palpate.
"Sorry," John said, trying to reign the laughter in, "sorry. I was just thinking about when we met. I thought you were full of shit about the coffee."
Sherlock was panting now and sucking on John's fingers in time with John's fist. He nodded and groaned in response.
It was all a bloody relief. He'd been going on and thinking to himself that he'd never be the man she thought he was, the hero doctor. He was barely staying afloat out there in the desert and the thought of coming back and trying to be the man she thought he was pulled at hidden places. The same places that always pulled tight when he felt he was wearing a mask.
"Look here," Jane snapped. "You might be pretty, in that public school, limited gene pool sort of way, but I don't know where you get off, thinking-"
And then...she couldn't find the damn street. She knew the name of the one before it and the one after, and the bloody cross street, but there was a street in between that didn't fit. Fischer Lane. She figured, as time was getting away from her, that she had better eat her pride and ask directions from someone in one of the shops.
John ended up paying for the cab, the shock of it almost dimming the shine Sherlock had managed to put on himself. Thank god the army had put his cheque in the bank, or he'd have looked quite foolish.
John told himself that when Sherlock brought up the concept of dating he would talk to him about it, but Sherlock never brought it up. They simply went on touching and holding each other and, due to he start of school, studying next to each other. Soft kissed were passed back and forth, but nothing more.
Sherlock nodded and John pushed his right knee up, gripping his bollocks gently before opening the bottle of lube. Sherlock shivered at the first touch of John's finger to his arsehole.
John quirked a smile at how grumpy Sherlock was and walked with him to the station. He wanted to say again how wonderful his day had been but though better of it. Something told him he was expressing it all too much.
John giggled and ran his hands over Sherlock's back as the man grew boneless. After a while, he was able to convince Sherlock to get up and cleaned a bit before crawling back under the covers.
It was on the way to the cab, in the poorly lit stairwell leading to the road, that John recognised that he'd just thought of the case as Sherlock's, that he no longer thought of Sarah when thinking of this line of work. He supposed that wasn't all so bad, as meeting such a striking character as Sherlock would make others slide quickly to the background. Add in that he'd also just spent several hours in close quarters with the man, and it wasn't really a sign of how he felt, was beginning to feel, so much as the normal reordering of thoughts. Nothing magical, that is, nothing telling.
It was all going so differently than what he'd expected, and he was grappling with the fact that none of his experiments on ghost life meant anything. He was too close, he'd skewed the data. He shouldn't have spoken in such a friendly manner to John. He shouldn't have even learned his name. He'd buggered it all up.
Mycroft picked up his drink and sat back on the sofa to remove his shoes. "Please tell me you aren't imagining me in those awful short pants."
And now he'd gone and told Lestrade that he had a boyfriend. It had barely been a lie at the time, at least a conscious lie. John surely felt they were in a relationship, there was just the matter of his cock, and the fact that he wasn't Sarah.
Jane did end up sleeping, snoring away in her chair and curling in on herself when rain started to fall outside. Sherlock tiptoed inside and covered her with a blanket. She couldn't make herself walk away. Jane was...interesting. And that was the best compliment Sherlock had ever given anyone.
Jane cursed under her breath and found it, turning to Sherlock and raising an eyebrow. "Is there anything you don't know?"
With a quiet snick, the door opened and William gripped his sleeve. He was surprised when he didn't pull away on instinct. Instead, he just turned and followed the man in. They quietly made their way to the back room, a large kitchen with massive stoves and peeling paint that showed at least ten different colours, giving away the age of the place.
She had thought bookstore, as the room was filled with the things; shelving reaching the ceilings on every wall. The only place without books was the front window. She hadn't ever been into an apothecary before, but now that the word was out it couldn't be denied. Books and odd plants and dark things in jars, and Sherlock was working over a Bunsen burner, something bitter bubbling away.
'A doctor has died in a firefight in a triage center in the Helmand province in Kandahar. I'm being sent out there in a fortnight. The fighting has been disastrous and they're low on supplies so I'm to be packed into a helicopter and shipped there nearly as cargo.
"I'm not looking for that. If I had been, I would have married long ago," John said, squeezing Sherlock's shoulder.
"Do you come to the shop often?" the man asked. He seemed to realise how much of a pickup line it was and tried again. "I'm new. I'm John."
Sherlock shivered as John took his prick back in his mouth, because God, yes, he needed it. He knew John wouldn't stop him if he begged, so he stayed silent.
Sherlock shifted and chewed his lip a bit before going on. "What kinds of things did you write to him?"
Christ. All he could do was think about how wonderful Sherlock was and how much he hated other people getting his attention. He couldn't ignore it now, couldn't ignore how much he wanted Sherlock. For Christ's sake, he'd almost kissed the man in the alley behind the convention hall. For a moment he wasn't sure he'd be able to stop himself and he'd seen...he'd seen that Sherlock wanted it, too.
"No, John. I'm the one who's sorry. I was there to catch the killer you knew as Doc before she injured anyone else. I wasn't fast enough. I failed you," Sherlock said, head hanging again as he shifted on his feet.
Mycroft sighed and sat back. He didn't really like Sally. Greg did, however, so it was shaky ground.
"How does this blasted thing even work?" John grumbled, fiddling with his mobile as they sat in bed.
John huffed out a laugh and eased a little, the disappointment of knowing he was stuck melting at Sherlock's brimming enthusiasm. He leaned against the wall and watched as Sherlock attempted to wrestle his hair into some semblance of order. When he finally gave up, John walked with him down the stairs.
He stepped in and went to sit in the plastic, uncomfortable looking, chair next to John's bed. He fidgeted, eyes still on the floor, unable to look up. It was all he could do to cup his slowly cooling coffee in his hands, the paper of it growing cold. When he heard John rouse he finally had to look.
The first blog entry revealed Watson's searing interest in Holmes while the second, posted late last night, read like a love story. Watson is clearly enamoured with Holmes and the new take on romance from the writer has caused a buzz like no other. People just can't wait to see the two men's budding romance evolve. With Valentine's Day coming up it couldn't be timed better if it was scripted. Who knows what will come next? Candlelit dinners? Roses? No matter what, the eyes of the city are on these two men.
John sat back in a desk chair, a small examination room with a silver table behind him, and smiled. It was a shaky smile. He took a deep breath and smiled wider.
John chuckled at himself, the spook, spooked, and reached up to brush at a leaf that was stuck in Sherlock's hair. It fell to the floor lazily and Sherlock murmured his thanks before going back to his experiment.
Christ, Sherlock hadn't been lying about that bit. There they were, his drawings in frames that outshone them tenfold. He couldn't stop himself from walking across the room and reaching up.
Sherlock thought that he might actually get an argument. His heart raced a bit, but was soothed when he heard the rip of the condom wrapper. He closed his eyes and forced himself to relax again as John pushed in.
John's eyes shot to the doorknob and he could actually feel the dump of adrenalin in his system. Shit. Shit. Buggering hell. Locked in a room with Sherlock Holmes and he was sweating like a-
Sherlock came up beside him and shrugged. "It was too simple to replant, what with the roots coming up without damage. I never understood why he didn't like them. They were flowers in a garden, after all. Just flowers."
One of the flatmates came in just as John was chopping up squares of cheese for Sherlock and paused. Sherlock turned to him and smiled.
"You aren't drunk enough to forget that," Mycroft murmured, eyes closing as he wrapped a gloved fist around Greg's prick.
When no reply came, either in temperature change or written form, Sherlock cleared his throat and went on. "If I was stuck here all the time, I'd start digging holes too."
But, it wasn’t like he could wait until next Summer, not with Mummy’s health the way it was. All she ever wanted was to see her youngest happy, and if it took the best of the Queen’s men to do that; fine. He would buck up, set aside their differences, and finally play Cupid on his baby brother’s account. Happily, that also meant that Bart’s hospital would be getting one of the army’s best field surgeons, if only to help in their morgue.
"That wasn't what I...was she ill for a long time?" Jane asked, coming to the conclusion that the woman she didn't remember had been a friend of Sherlock's.
John opened his eyes quickly. He wasn't, of course. He was well off. He shot Sherlock a look and the man simply smiled wryly.
They were at an impasse: John had no idea what to do next and Sherlock hadn't thought it would go this far.
"I've managed this long, haven't I?" Sherlock said, voice softer than he meant it to be, and  wholly lacking in bite.
That smile, that particular, crinkling, broken, smile! John could FEEL that smile! God, how peculiar! He hadn't felt anything in years and now there was a warmth spreading over him and he could barely move. He was stuck there soaking up the warmth, stuck there with that madman, and for the first time since they had met, he was happy for it.
Sherlock was at home working on a cold case to keep his mind off the one he had yet to solve, because it was only a matter of time, wasn't it, when he would get the email.
When he finally returned, he found Mycroft standing nervously in front of the door. He smiled softly and squeezed his arm.
Sherlock was easily pulled to his feet and they walked for another ten minutes until they made it to the tree John thought of as theirs. Sherlock was already slipping off his shoes and trousers and moving into the water on autopilot by the time they were at the edge and John paused, watching Merrick join him with a splash.
She shook her head fondly at him and gestured to the table. "I dried and folded the clothes in the washer, and made your favorite sticky buns. Tell your man he's welcome to milk if he needs it for his tea."
"You are wholly good," John said, a deep breath expanding his chest, "and I want nothing more than to eat you up."
"Alright," John said looking up and wondering what the buggering fuck was wrong with the man. "Tell me what happened."
"Come now," John returned, helping him to sit, and finally to climb out of the tub, "don't rain on my parade."
When he finally did it was to scare the crap out of one of the other students by not only turning on the kettle, but pouring himself a cuppa, within full view.
"Nonsense," Sherlock replied, pulling Jane along by the sleeve as she made her way downstairs and finally into her own flat.
John watched Sherlock go and sat wondering how all of it had come to pass. The thought that he would have to clean fluid from his skin made him feel horribly nostalgic for the messiness of being human. This, though, was definitely becoming more comfortable.
Sherlock paused for a second, a bit too reminded of his childhood. When he made his decision he nodded and turned around. "Come along."
When he opened the comment, he had a feeling it would be the latter. It was nearly half a page in length. Even the Christians didn't go that far.
The group was mumbling. John and Mary were the entertainment, it seemed, and everyone was less shocked by Mary's comment than John's. There were honest to God gasps when he said the word freedom, which gave Sherlock the impression that he'd not acted on such an impulse before. The shock on Mary's face backed up the hypothesis.
Oh, and then there was the sex. Sex during war was exponentially better. He didn't have to pretend to share himself with someone emotionally to get off, he only had to get off. No one wanted a relationship with him, even if it were permitted, so he didn't have to be someone he wasn't.
"I'm surprised that you can be surprised," John said. He felt himself turning red at the ridiculous phrase and plowed on. "You seem to know everything, see everything, I mean. Interesting that some things can still surprise you."
"What was his position?" Sherlock asked, moving out of the way of the throng of people going to work and pulling John by his sleeve.
Sherlock whimpered and reached up to roll John's thick bollocks in his hand. It made John hiss and Sherlock pulled them gently as he let the man push against the back of his throat.
John grunted and let out a rough laugh before pulling himself a bit more together. "Gorgeous. Yes. Alright, where the hell was I?"
"The clippings are just..." Sherlock said, pulling a box from beneath the sofa and tossing the lid off.
"Bloody last thing I need is-" The man stopped speaking and looked between Sherlock and John for a few seconds.
John sighed gently and Sherlock wondered if he was already in bed, wondered how the sheets felt against his skin, if they were warm.
"What do we have on for tomorrow?" he asked once he'd taken a bite and pointedly swallowed all the way.
Sherlock grinned and rested his head on John's shoulder, letting himself be wrapped in the warm cocoon of John's arms. Sally rolled her eyes and Greg handed John a lager.
He needed to engage John since they were almost back to the flat. He couldn't have their last words of the day be a stilted goodbye. He watched John out of the corner of his eye and wondered if it was possible that this could last.
