Curious, he got into the elevator and asked JARVIS to take him to the penthouse.
The corridor of fourth floor was almost empty, save from two agents who were standing guard in front of interrogation room 2. Natasha marched to them, her face completely void of any emotion. She reconigzed them as soon as they turned their heads in her direction; she'd trained them a while ago. It would be easy to scare them into letting her in.
Steve raised his head to look at Bucky, frowning when he saw the huge smile in his friend’s face.
For the fifth time in two months, Steve was sitting in a medical bed, waiting. The doctor had his back to him, probably getting ready to poke Steve with medical instrument known to man. Suddenly, a nurse came, giving the blonde a small smile before leaning in closer to the doctor, whispering something in his ear. The nurse left and the doctor turned to follow her, making Steve even more nervous than he was before.
His phone rang. He picked up on the first ring.
“I’ll pick you up at seven, then”.
The man smiled. “You don’t know? You don’t know who I am?”
“Because Tony spent a lot of money on this, okay? And if we break up tomorrow before the wedding he might get suspicious. Or worse, he might think I’m still hang up on you and he won’t want anything to do with me”.
“What’s wrong with your jaw?” Natasha asked, looking at him with her narrowed eyes. She abandoned the strawberries she was cutting and cleaned her hands on a towel before getting closer to the engineer lightly touching his jaw. “It looks dislocated. What happened?”
“Uh, you know what, I have a friend over, so maybe we could meet another ti…”
“Dinner first, and then I have plans to ride you until my ass is sore”, he said with a wink.
“No one says hack anymore, Birdie”, Tony complained halfheartedly.
"NO! No, no, I would never...", the agent quickly replied, clearly scared.
“So, doing anything swell in that workshop of yours?” Steve asked and then frowned, as if he was a bit horrified with what had just come out of his mouth.
“A party? That actually sounds pretty nice”.
“For Bonnie. Nothing happened, by the way. A kiss on the cheek when we met at the restaurant, but that was it. I promise”.
“Steve? Shut up”, and with that, Tony closed his eyes and ended the distance between them.
The agent nodded, "Dude just came back from sea, right? Too much time out there can really mess with your head".
Tony nodded. “Yeah, I get that. Nat and I are the same. Did I ever tell you about how we met?” When Steve shook his head, he continued, “We were both really young. Her mother was friends with my mother and she couldn’t have children. One day, they came back to Russia and there she was with them. Nat was the best thing that has ever happened to me. I don’t know what I would’ve done without her”.
“No need to panic, everyone, we’re here to deal with the threat”.
, Fury once explained to them after a particularly bad mission,
“Shit, I have to take this”.
“I forgive you”, Tony replies, smiling, “There’s nothing to forgive, but if it’s so important to you to hear it, then I forgive you”.
Ross turned back to the doctor, looking livid. “This is a secret facility, Dr. Connely. Do you really expect me to bring them here? To show them what we’ve done? Do you think Bruce Banner will agree with what was done here? Do you think Steve Rogers will?”
“Thank you”.
With yet another deep sigh, Tony got into the elevator and pressed down, on his way to meet the good doctor. Maybe he would be able to help.
“Yes. I remember because he told the professor to call him that and I asked myself why would a grown man
“Oh, no! Tony! The groom is not supposed to see the bride before the wedding”, Bucky complained with a smirk.
, his mother had told him one afternoon,
Stane sighed, shaking his head, “Is that any way to greet your godfather, my boy?”
tired.
“Sit your ass down, Barnes. It’s a long story”.
“Do you know who’s on Stark Industries’ Board of Directors?” Steve shook his head. “Rich, white, old men. And you know what rich, white, old men like most in the world? Power. In less than six months, I’ll be twenty-one and then I’ll own the controlling interest of the company. I’ll be CEO. I’ll be able to change whatever the fuck I want to change”.
“Hi, Steve. I’m great. Thanks for the flowers and the chocolate, by the way. It was very thoughtful”.
“That’s… oddly specific”.
“No problem”.
They kissed for what felt like hours before finally resurfacing for air, keeping their foreheads together, noses almost touching.
Steve had a date! For the first time in years, he actually had a date! He had a date with Tony! Tony, who was his boss’ godson. Tony, the target he was supposed to shadow
DUM-E’s sound boxes were not exactly the best, so the voice sounded a bit off, but it was still unmistakable.
The man, Tony suddenly noticed, was carrying a small shoulder bag and was taking something out of it. For a second, Steve’s voice filled Tony’s head ―
“If Murdock says she can be trusted then she can be trusted. He’s even more of a paranoid freak than Fury”, Bucky replied.
“What are you doing here?”
Steve knew he was in trouble as soon as he walked inside and saw Tony in his Armani suit, looking positively delectable. He actually stopped walking and just stared at the billionaire, his mouth hanging open, until Bucky cleared his throat to call for his attention. Embarrassed, he murmured a
Still, she opened it, determined to at least check the place over. As soon as she did so, the putrid smell became stronger. She gagged a little, turning her face away from the door. With yet another sigh, Jessica took the scarf she always carried in her messenger bag and wrapped it around her nose and mouth and ventured down the stairs with caution.
“Yeah, who you think the cops are gonna believe? The dumbass who looks like a homeless person or the guy who owns the biggest technology company in the world?” Clint supplied, calmly.
Romanov hung up before she could reply. Seconds later, a few files appeared on the screen. Jessica put the fork back on the plate, turning her whole attention back to the computer. Whoever that Jarvis was, he was goddamn good. Thanks to him, she had now a current address (he still lived in Malibu), a lot of information about his security company (closed a few months after the Starks died) and… a Stark Industry redacted project. There wasn’t much she could read, but the words
“Yes. I’m very sure”.
Clint snorted and said nothing else.
“So, I got you something. Something I thought you might like”.
“You want to buy the robot”.
“Then why hasn’t she left already?”
Steve smiled, shaking his head. “I guess”.
“Shh, don’t open your mouth too wide. I told you it’d be painful”, she replied in an ‘I told you so’ tone, “You should eat only soft food for at least a few days. It’ll take a couple of weeks to fully heal”.
“Oh. I thought you just weren’t a fan of expensive things”.
The mechanic jumped off the couch as soon as the doorbell rang, smiling when he saw Steve’s face on the small screen. He pressed the button and said
“Ok, mechanic, so what’s your deal?” Bucky asked as soon as Steve was out of earshot, his eyes darkening all of a sudden, losing all the playfulness that had been there before.
“He doesn’t like lemon cake”, Steve whispered.
Loki so he could undo whatever it was that he had done to the Captain.
“What, you think he was running from something?” Bucky asked, confused.
The man smirked and said, with a heavy accent, “I’m the man your family destroyed. And now I destroy you”.
“WHAT?”
Tony stood there for a moment, staring at the closed elevator. He felt a hand on his shoulder and jumped a bit, turning.
Because he was Tony Stark and Stark men were made of iron. And the fucking Ten Rings would regret the very day they decided to mess with Anthony Edward Stark.
“There’s something over there”, one of the Privates said, pointing at another screen.
In no time, Tony’s hands found Steve’s stomach under his shirt, touching every single inch of skin he possibly could. They separated only long enough for Steve’s shirt to be taken off and thrown on the other side of the room. He slowly ran his hands from his neck to the hem of his jeans, working on his zipper, desperate to open it already and just feel Steve’s length in his hand…
He took his phone from the nightstand and wrote ‘Where’s Brucie?’. JARVIS quickly replied.
“I know, but, honestly? He’s always around. He’s at every meal talking all the time. He’s at the door every time I try to go running in the morning. He is here on movie nights just bothering everyone with his incessant talking. He’s annoying. I just wish I didn’t have to see so much of him, you know”.
“You proposed! You gave me a ring!”
“We should all calm down”, Natasha finally said, “We don’t know what happened. For all we know, Steve is fine and just got all his memories of you back”.
“Sorry”, he said with his mouth full, “Didn’t mean to scare you”.
“When we both know you actually dislocated it while trying to put an entire Supreme Hulk Hot Dog in your mouth”.
Natasha had met Bucky at one of her classes. He’d asked for a pen with a bright smile and a wink. She arched an eyebrow and lent him the pen, but not without asking why exactly he needed one if he only had his laptop and no paper with him. He blushed furiously and murmured an apology, giving her the pen back. They did not talk anymore after that.
Steve and Tony exchanged a long look before the brunette sighed.
“I will. Thank you, Maria”.
“I don’t know… I’m…” he winced again, holding his stomach, “I’m feeling these weird pains! Do you think there’s something wrong?”
Thing is, Steve wasn’t blind. He knew perfectly well he was on a mission, thank you very much, but… Tony was handsome. Even when they’d had rescued him ― well, given him a ride really ―, and the young engineer had been all skinny and dirty and aloof, he had noticed how handsome he was. And he hadn’t stopped thinking about the man ever since. He thought about Tony’s sarcastic answers, his warm brown eyes that irradiated strength even when his body was weak, his reassuring smile and, most of all, his courage. It had been so long since Steve had felt this way about someone and, ever since the whole
, she replied,
When the flowers and the chocolate had arrived, Tony couldn’t help but smile. He was touched that Steve had gone through all this trouble for him. In fact, he couldn’t remember any of his past dates doing something so nice as to send him gifts before a date. But then again, he hadn’t exactly dated nice people back in the day. He shuddered just thinking about them. Rhodey had always said he had the worst taste in romantic partners, but Tony really
“So, James, fancy seeing you again”.
“Alright”, Matthew replied, opening his suitcase and fumbling around a little, before finally taking a small card from it, extending it in front of himself. Natasha quickly, and carefully, grabbed it, “If you need help, contact her. She’s one hell of an investigator and she got screwed over by Hogarth once. You tell her we’re going against one of their clients, she’s gonna work his ass off to get what you need”.
“Kiss your ass?” Clint offered.
A few minutes later, the butler came to where he was.
That night, he got fifteen calls from Steve, three voicemails and a dozen texts. He ignored all of them. He didn’t want to talk to anyone, least of all Steve. He was deeply hurt and had never felt so stupid in his entire life. Of course they weren’t dating. Tony should have seen it coming. He laid there on his bed and remembered every single moment he spent with Steve out in the open. They never held hands when they were in public. They never hugged, never kissed, shit, even when they went to those restaurants, Steve never even sat close to him. He always kept his distance, and at first Tony thought he was just one of those guys who didn’t like PDAs, but now he knew better.  Steve just didn’t want anyone to know he was fucking Tony. He didn’t want people to figure out he was involved with someone like Tony. And honestly, who could blame him? Tony was aware of who he was. Howard had never let him forget it. Lazy, good for nothing, never got anything right. And his last two boyfriends, Justin and Ty, had both agreed wholeheartedly with Howard’s opinion on his son. So why would Steve be any different? He should have known. It was stupid of him to think anyone would want him for anything more than just sex. And so Tony spent the whole night hating himself.
After they were finished with their food, Steve offered to take Tony home, which he promptly accepted. It didn’t take them long to arrive at the engineer’s building ― he hadn’t been joking when he said he lived close by. They stopped at the door, staring at each other.
“Are you okay?” Steve whispered in his ear, leaving a kiss there.
“Send an SOS to Avengers Headquarters”, he told the private, who nodded, busying himself with his computer, “Give them our location and tell them we have a super powered female with telepathic powers. Tell them she can control minds so they’ll need to be prepared”.
Steve opened his eyes slowly, blinking, trying to get them used to the light. He hadn’t had that bad a headache since before Project Rebirth and he very much hadn’t missed feeling like this. He felt nauseous, like he would throw up at any moment, and his head was a swirl of thoughts and memories and names and faces. It was all very confusing and he felt very
“I don’t know, I mean, I guess we thought you would be a little freaked out over this. You know, marriage, commitment”.
“This is Ross, what’s your status, Lawrence?”, the secretary promptly asked.
“I’ll stay forever if you want me to”, he replied, unable to stop himself from putting his arm in his shoulders and pulling him closer, leaving a soft kiss in his forehead.
The engineer lay down on his bed, phone still in hand and a big smile on his face. The last four weeks he’d spend with Steve had been some of the best of his life. Steve was sweet and funny and everything Tony had ever wanted in a partner… and he was also very much against the idea of dating Tony.
“Are you sure?” Steve asked, completely out of breath.
“That is my name, yes. What is yours?”
– had been right about it all along. After the realization had hit in straight in the face that day, in Tony’s kitchen, he’d tried to put some distance between them. He thought about maybe not answering the phone when Tony called or texted, saying no whenever the engineer invited him to go somewhere… Needless to say, it did not work… at all… not even a tiny little itsy bit. First time Tony had called, Steve had been so happy to see his face on his scream that he immediately picked it up, only remembering he was supposed to be ignoring the man
By the afternoon, Steve had already made his decision. He visited his ma in the hospital and told her he had enlisted. She cried and cried, which broke his heart, but he knew it was for the best. He couldn’t tell her about the experiment because he knew she would not like that. She’d most likely talk him out of it and he couldn’t afford that. Neither of them could afford that. So Steve held her as she cried, making promises he wasn’t sure he would be able to keep. And they stayed like that, holding each other until nightfall.
Rage was burning inside of him. He wanted to punch him, to hurt him, to kill him in the worst possible way. He could feel the tears filling his eyes, but he refused to let them fall. He looked over the man’s shoulder and saw Natasha, a few feet away, ready to jump him. She nodded and, in that moment, he knew exactly what he needed to do.
“We’re on our way”, Natasha said, watching as a man ziplined down next to her.
The Avengers come up with a plan.
Steve finally looked up at Bucky, and then turned to look at Tony, blinking several times before answering.
“No way”, Clint replied, vehemently shaking his head, “We’re not giving up, Tony! I mean, we’re already half way!”
But Tony just smiled at him, pure arrogance and confidence, “I’m a certified genius. I’m MIT’s youngest graduate, with a complete PhD and another unfinished one. I made my first circuit board when I was three, I built a motorbike engine from scratch when I was seven, I created DUM-E when I was fifteen, and I created the world’s first Artificial Intelligence”, he took a deep breath, as if reassuring himself, his eyes still full of confidence, “I’m Tony Stark. And I’m going to tear those assholes apart”.
Bucky was ready to retort when Tony finally came back, sitting down.
“Yes. He said some SI worker gave him some pictures. We were just about to call you and Director Carter to tell you, actually”.
. Steve had listened, nodding when necessary, and when Tony was done, he’d merely hugged him tight, kissing his hair.
“Shit”, Bucky swore softly under his breath just as Natasha exhaled, her shoulders suddenly going stiff with tension.
“I need you to keep up the good work. Keep Tony safe”.
“We met when we were kids. Stevie over there was my neighbor and he had the very bad habit of getting into fights he couldn’t possibly win. I had to save his skinny ass more times than I can count”.
“Yeah. Yeah, I will”.
“Nice to meet you, Tony. I’m Clint and this is my husband, Phil”, the blonde man introduced himself, pulling his husband, an older man with brown hair, by the shoulders.
“Here”, Natasha said, giving the man a small earpiece, which he promptly put in his ear, “All communications go through this and nothing else. From this moment forward, you will be Lieutenant, understood?”
“Stane? I have some information that might interest you”.
“I guess saying ‘hey, we experimented on your kid and they ended up going crazy and killing themselves’ doesn’t have the same light tone as ‘they died honorably while killing innocents overseas’”.
“The restaurant is all yours tonight”, the hostess replied with a smile, “Mr. Rogers called ahead and asked us to book the whole place”.
“Cool, how are we gonna do that?”
Steve was about to reply when his phone went off. He ignored his friends and turned his attention to it.
“Steve, go! It’s fine. Trust me, I’ve had worse than overprotective friends asking intrusive questions”.
The plane ride to Malibu was mostly quiet. Steve kept glancing back at Tony from his seat, sometimes completely ignoring whatever Bucky was saying. He was worried about the engineer, and how could he not be? The Tony he knew was talkative, exuberant, filled with endless energy. This Tony was nothing but a shadow of the original. He knew the engineer was suffering, but his lack of communication was more than Steve could handle.
“Not illegal, per say”, Matthew answered with a tilt of his head, “But unusual. If you’re modifying or drafting a new will, then why not take out the unnecessary clause? Any capable lawyer would do it and Howard Stark doesn’t strike me as the type of man who would hire anything less than the very best”.
The benefit felt more like an after party for the Oscars, in Steve’s opinion. Everyone was dressed to the nines, in fancy, expensive suits and dresses, glasses of champagne in hand as they talked and laughed. The whole thing felt fake somehow, and Steve couldn’t help but wonder if even half of these people gave a shit about the cause behind the benefit. He felt Tony’s hand slip from his and watched as the younger man walked purposefully towards Obadiah. Steve saw a flash of annoyance in his face before he smiled at Tony. He couldn’t hear what they were saying because the screams of the reporters and the people surrounding them, begging for an autograph and a picture, were just too loud, but he could see their expressions. It was obvious Obadiah was trying to mask his surprise, but there was something else in the way he looked at Tony… Steve just didn’t like it. The conversation between the two, however, was brief and soon Tony walked away, Steve following closely, glancing one last time at the CEO before turning his whole attention back to his ‘date’.
“WHAT? What side are you own?”
“Is DUM-E talking?” Steve asked, confused, but Tony was too stunned to pay any attention to him.
The hospital didn’t keep Steve for much longer. He stayed one more night in “observation” and left the next morning. The former Captain of the Howling Commandos was very happy to be returning home and acted as if nothing had happened. It bothered Bucky that his best friend seemed completely unaffected by the terrible situation they were in, but he tried to reason with himself. Steve had no reason to feel bad about it. He remembered his entire life. Everything and everyone, except for Tony. How could he miss something he didn’t remember? And why would he suffer over such a tiny detail that made no difference in his life?
(See the end of the chapter for
“What’s wrong?”
“Is he… Is he going to be long?”
“It’s hard work, I won’t lie, but I believe all the sleepless nights will be worth it in the end. Oh, here, you have something in your mouth”.
“I think it’s an option”.
We’re supposed to be
"Director Fury asked me to take over".
Bucky and Steve separated right after their
“Good. I’ll get inside, hack the computer”, Natasha said with a determined look on her face, “When can we do it?”
“I know, love”, he kissed his hair and tightened his grip, “That’s what makes you so brave”.
“Do you know if we authorized any shipments?”
Hey guys, I'm so sorry this took so long! My grandmother had to move to a new house and she had an infection and my grandpa spent the week at that hospital and I've been running back and forth these past two weeks helping my grandparents and my mom with everything. It was a nightmare!!
“No no no…”, the chorus of voices filled the room, but it was too late.
“What are you guys even complaining about? This is awesome! We’re basically our characters! And I’m guessing we’re in a far away land, ready to live an adventure! This is the best day EVER!”
Tony looked very confused for a moment.
Some things will be explained in the next chapters, at least I hope so lol Comments make me happy, so leave me some so I'll know people are still reading this and let me know what you think!!
“Yep. Bigger is not always better, you know”.
He smiled, turning the smaller man so they could be face to face. He took a step closer, pressing his whole body against Tony’s, and lowered his head until their lips were only inches apart. Tony moaned softly when he finally noticed Steve was only wearing a towel around his waist and nothing more.
Tony stayed the next three days at home. Fooling Jarvis was rather easy. He only had to tell the butler he felt really sick and with his red eyes and runny nose (from all the crying) it was an easy sell. Jarvis did look a bit suspicious, but said nothing, and let Tony stay at home for as long as he needed.
, his brain screamed at him. “Uh, yes, sorry about the mess, it’s raining cats and dogs out there”.
“No. Something must be jamming the signal, I can get a location on his phone”.
“They all seem fine, what the hell?” Clint whispered to Natasha.
“Does it ever get to heavy to carry?”
“See you tomorrow, Mr. Stane”, she said flirtatiously as she walked out of the room.
“Daddy is angry with me and he’s scary and Jarvis is not here, please, Aunt Peggy?”
The engineer took a large bite and moaned in pleasure. Steve turned his back at him, trying to not show just how uncomfortable that moan had made him.
, and, with nothing more to add, Agent Coulson hung up.
Tony smiled and pulled his boyfriend down, giving him a quick kiss on the mouth. “You’re absolutely perfect, did you know that?”
This time, it was Tony’s turn to look confused. “Why wouldn’t I be?”
At this point, Tony choked on his drink. “Your arm is Stark Tech?”
“Stop laughing or I swear to God I’ll fart on you”, Tony threatened, pretending to be mad.
“That doesn’t mean anything, he could be playing the long game with you, Stevie”.
“How did you find him?” Tony asked, letting go of the robot. DUM-E, who was apparently already over the whole reunion thing and very curious about his new home, rolled away to the lamp nearby and started pressing the button, turning it on and off and on and off again nonstop, beeping excitedly.
“He looks the type; had a criminal record, a daughter starting college and was about to lose his house. He was an easy target. But anyway, it’s your call. He did give me some new information, though”.
"Then step aside and let me in".
“Hi”.
“Dr. Strange?”
“He doesn’t like lemon cake”, he repeated, seeming angry now, and then immediately held his head on his hands, groaning.
“Ma’am?” Cap inquired.
Tony looked up with wide eyes.
, Tony thought to himself, desperately,
“She is beyond dangerous”, the doctor insisted, not in the least scared of facing his superior, “Right now, she is out there, killing every single man and woman in this island. What if she escapes? Your little soldiers can do nothing against her! The Avengers are the only ones that can stop her now. CALL THEM”.
“Damn right I could”, Steve agreed with a serious expression that quickly turned into a smile.
“I knew it! That’s why you wanted to go to brunch so badly! You like him!”
Bucky huffed and was ready to say something, but Natasha beat him to it. “How are we going to get past them?”
and the lack of warmth in his greeting still hurt Tony, but he forced a smile and tried to ignore it.
He could feel something moving through the skin and into him, going around, searching for something. Then, the feeling disappeared and he heard a soft
“That’s… Wow. You must be some kind of genius or something”, Steve teased, putting his hands in his pockets.
“Wouldn’t mind a joy ride once in a while is all I’m saying”.
“Look, I told Director Carter that I wasn’t a spy, that I don’t
“Really?” Bucky asked, surprised, as he sat down in one of the chairs in the kitchen, “Why?”
In a second, the floor flew open, revealing another man. He was tall, with a prosthetic arm, a beard and long hair, pulled together in a bun on the top of his head. But Tony didn’t pay much attention to any of that. He was too busy staring at the pained look in Steve’s face.
“It did”, he answered simply, not really wanting to give his best friend many details.
He buzzed Tony in and then looked around and then at himself frantically. He was wearing a pair of old sweatpants that had definitely seen better days and a colorful t-shirt that said
Natasha narrowed her eyes, looking at Steve like she disapproved of all of his life choices.
“So… This definitely tops all the other times we got stupid drunk, right?”
“I know you would have, Tony. You’re a good man.”
Steve felt like a teenager all over again, falling in love for the first time. He knew he had a tendency to fall fast ― Bucky had reminded him of that so many times throughout the years ―, but this time, it felt different. It felt so different from every other time he had fallen for someone. He couldn’t explain it, couldn’t put it in words, but he knew. He knew Tony would be his last love.
They both stared at each other for a moment before breaking out in laughter.
“Sir, look”, the Private said, typing something on his computer, making the small screen bigger, “They look fine”.
“Okay. Well, I’m going to take a shower and get ready. JARVIS, can you make sure Tony doesn’t forget our date tonight, please?”
“They don’t control our actions, only the environment. We have these dices, you see”, Peter replied, showing him the very colorful dices on the table, “we roll them to see who goes first, if a spell or an attack works or not, and how much damage we’re inflicting”.
“It’s just… You could have died, Tony”.
“Good. I have a few problems to take care of right now, so I’ll see you tomorrow”.
“I’ll take you home…” Steve tried, but the mechanic outright refused.
Stay safe!
“Do we really trust this person?” Clint asked, looking a bit unsure.
“I wasn’t like this when I was younger. I was skinny and sickly”.
“What about the accident?” Tony asked, confused, looking at Natasha. He quickly looked around when she didn’t answer him and noticed that everyone seemed to have gone eerily silent. They were looking at each other as if they knew a secret.
“What do you mean?”
“You asked him out and he said ‘sure, I’ll just bring my girlfriend along’? Bucky asked in between laughs, “Stevie, I knew you sucked at this romance thing, but holy fuck, man!”
“… and only you can save the people from its claws. There is a town not far from here, where you will find food, ale and shelter, but first, you must defeat the beast that guards these woods. Slay the beast and the magic that surrounds this forest shall weaken and you, my brave adventurers, will be able to continue your journey to the cursed Castle of Vania”.
as he walked. Steve and Bucky, still silent, just stared at his back. Well, Bucky stared at his back. Steve was staring a little bit more south of there.
“Great. I’ll see you here at 7”.
“Yes, ma’am, will do. Romanov out”.
Steve frowned, shaking his head, “No, it’s not. She’s holding her face and sucking on her thumb, see?”
But two weeks turned into three, three turned into four and suddenly, Tony was very much aware that almost three months had passed without any news about Loki or changes in Steve. Every day that passed, the engineer felt more depressed and even more certain that his love would never remember him. Telling Steve wasn’t a choice, especially now he knew he pretty much hated Tony. So, he decided that maybe, just maybe, it was time to move on. And that very morning, he found out that Steve, albeit unknowingly, had decided to do the exact same thing.
“Seriously? That’s it? You find out I’m a spy and you’re okay with it?”
Tony smiled and nodded.
“I guess? Yeah, try that”.
“That’s understandable”, Natasha said, crossing her arms, “Loki was the one who did it so it’s safe to assume he used magic”, she turns to Tony, her voice turning soft, “We should consult with Strange, maybe he can help”.
“Yes, sure, but I don’t understand. He remembers everything and everyone, except for me?”
Clint asked, sounding worried,
It wasn’t something Steve was comfortable with, to be honest, but he learned to live with it all the same. And so, every agent, from level 1 to 9, knew a little piece of information that the others didn’t know. There was only one thing none of them knew: the Director’s identity.
While everyone laughed, Coulson shooed the others. Steve smiled down at Tony.
“Got it in one, Cap”.
“He’s a 6 feet tall sack of muscles with blond hair and blue eyes. He could be fucking Scrooge and I guarantee Stark is gonna climb him like a Christmas tree”, Clint replied taking a bite of his ham and jam sandwich, making Bucky wrinkle his nose in disgust at him. Steve, on the other hand, turned into a deep red.
“Okay, I just ordered a shit ton of food, Pepper is on her way with Happy and Rhodey and we are going to CELEBRATE”.
, she thought, shaking her head. After she was done, she turned her attention to the TV and, for a second, couldn’t believe her eyes. It was the evidence; the missing footage. She stepped towards it and watched, stunned, as the familiar car hit the tree. The man, Howard, got out of the car and fell to the ground, dragging himself away from it. Suddenly, a man appeared.
“I’ll go… Kissing is gross anyway”, Peter complained before running back to the kitchen, screaming
“I guess”, Clint responded without much conviction.
now, is it?” Natasha said with a smirk.
“Steve proposed the day before”, the engineer said, taking a deep breath, “I said yes, but now… Well, it seems silly to hold onto it. I’m sure he will find someone else to give it to”.
Steve smiled and nodded, taking his towel from the floor and going back to their bedroom to change. Tony stood there, biting his own lip as he watched his lover go, admiring his bare ass and imagining all the things he’d do to Steve that night. He smiled and took a deep breath to calm himself, and his cock, down. There would be plenty of time for that later.
But he couldn’t think like that, couldn’t dwell on his hatred for the sand and the damn heat and the stupid cold. No, he couldn’t dwell on that because today was a special day. Today, whatever day it was, was the day Tony finally gave in and promised Abu Bakaar that he would build them the Jericho. Of course, he had absolutely no intention whatsoever to give the most dangerous terrorist group on this side of the planet a special missile that could destroy an entire city in less than minutes. No, sir. He had a much better idea. He was going to burn all of them, burn the entire war camp to the ground, and then Yinsen and he would step on their ashes as they walked to freedom. That’s what he was going to do.
“What do you mean, revenge?” Tony asked, keeping the man’s attention to himself. Natasha nodded at him, walking slowly and quietly towards the man.
“Listen here, you spoiled little brat. I don’t know what you think you’re doing bringing up this will mess again, but I can tell you right now, Anthony, it won’t do you any good. That will is as legitimate as they come”, his face suddenly twisted into a cold smile, “Your father knew exactly who you were, Anthony. A good for nothing, useless brat who couldn’t possibly be the leader his company needed. He knew you would destroy his legacy, that’s why he left the company to me”.
Steve and Tony entered the bar hand in hand. The blonde looked around for his friends and found them sitting on a big table in the back, Bucky waving his hands like a lunatic. Steve squeezed Tony’s hand, sending him a reassuring, although strained, smile. The mechanic smiled back at him, leaving a quick kiss on his shoulder before they made their way to the back of the bar. All conversation stopped as soon as they got close.
She got inside the house through the back door (thanks to her amazing skill at lockpicking) and turned her flashlight on. She searched for an office room or something similar, hoping to find something, anything really, that could give her something on Ivan Vanko. The first thing she noticed was how dirty and old everything looked: the furniture, the walls, the floor. Whatever Ivan had been paid for the Stark’s assassination, he definitely hadn’t used for a house makeover. Or a cleaning lady, for that matter. There was a faint smell, though, something putrid and offsetting that she couldn’t quite place. She tried to ignore it as she continued her search.
Steve seemed to finally realize his mistake. He moaned, covering his face, and fell to the side, pressing his face on the couch.
“STOP!” someone screamed. It took Steve a moment to notice that the shout came from him.
“Right. Something more casual. Maybe the blue shirt? Steve likes that one”.
“There’s no one alive here”.
“I’ll give you two a moment to decide. Shall I bring you something to drink?”
“ARE YOU KIDDING ME? You’ve been in this century for two years and a half and NO ONE told you that you can get married now?”
“Yeah, well, so is creating a new identity, so I guess we’re even”, Bucky replied and immediately shook his head, regretting his words, “I’m sorry, I’m sorry. I’m just defensive. I really am sorry about the whole FBI thing. But I had to make sure you weren’t just trying to hurt Stevie”.
“Enjoy the party, my boy”, Obadiah said, observing the couple as they walked away.
“Told you it was a piece of crap”, Steve said, looking smug.
“That’s exactly what we want to know”, Steve replied through clenched teeth, “Buck, any luck?”
Between the four of them, they had to make two trips to take all the containers to the table in the living room, where everyone was waiting. JARVIS, by Steve’s request, turned off the videogame, making both Clint and Sam complain out loud.
he kept screaming inside his own mind in a never ending loop.
“Hey, peanut! Heard you’re a little scared, but don’t worry, uncle Steve is here with chocolate and marshmallows”.
“Can you hack the gates open?”
He was worried. About Tony. Not angry that Tony was dating a man and hadn’t told him, just worried about his safety.
“Hogarth?” Matthew suggested, gently.
“Fuck, Stevie, we’ve been worried sick about your sorry ass. Where the hell were you?”
, she thought, feeling the sting on her cheek.
“Did Obadiah have any part of the tower changed?”
The Avengers looked around, confused.
“A party?”
. Needless to say, neither of them made it to work that day.
Steve opened and closed his mouth a few times.
“Hey, Stark. Good morning”.
“Sure. But I have to say, I have a feeling there’s gonna be some loud sex happening at your place tonight as well”, Tony said in a very soft tone, biting Steve’s lower lip and pulling it lightly, “All… Night… Long”.
OMG, I promise, the next chapter will be the last one! I really have no self control, a two chapter turned into a three chapter turned into a four turned into a five chapters fic. H E L P
“Dinner?”
He pushed the old car through the rain, getting absolutely soaked in the process, and cursing all the way to the car shop. He pushed the car inside the open garage and tried to shake himself dry, like a big wet dog.
“That’s not really my problem, pet”, he whispered and, without a care in the world, took both of his suitcases and disappeared down the stairs. Tony stood there for God knows how long, trying to wrap his head around what had just happened. It wasn’t until much later that the tears finally came.
“Crystal, ma’am”, Steve whispered, terrified, ignoring the loud snort coming from Bucky’s direction.
They both laughed at the boy as Steve put him back on the ground.
“I don’t get it, why is he so invested in this? I mean, he doesn’t even knows us!” Bucky whispered his complaint to Steve while they both greeted the guests for the rehearsal dinner.
His cell phone didn’t stop ringing for one minute. Some calls from Pepper, some from Rhodey and Nat and Sharon, and about a million calls from Steve. Tony ignored all of them. At one point, he sent a simple text to all his friends (except Steve because he was still mad at him) saying he didn’t want to talk about it and turned off his phone. After that, Steve started calling his home. He called almost every hour and every time Jarvis or Ana would pick it up. They would come to Tony’s room and every time the brunette would shake his head and turn around, leaving the butler and his wife to make some excuses.
“Hi”, Tony greeted with a big smile.
“JARVIS?” He asked carefully, taking a step closer to DUM-E.
“That doesn’t make me feel any better”.
Tony sighed and smiled, “I guess every Batman does need a Robin, right?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“How can you know that?”
Pain. That was all Tony knew in that moment. A kind of pain that he’d never experienced before in his life, the kind that burned his insides, twisted his guts and pressed on his bones, as if wanting to break them into tiny pieces. He trashed around the small cot, or at least he tried to. He turned his head to look at his hands and found both were bound by metal chains. His breathing became even more erratic and he felt the tears streaming down his face as he tried to scream through the rag stuffed in his mouth.
“I noticed that you were a bit uncomfortable sometimes tonight. Was it something I did?”
The engineer spent a good few minutes on the computer before crying out in victory.
“Our friends work for the FBI”, Natasha explained, “If they say you don’t exist then you don’t exist”.
, which Sam had given him last Christmas as a gag gift for their Secret Santa. He thought about changing quickly, but the soft knock on the door told him there wasn’t enough time. Resigned, he opened the door with a sheepish look on his face.
"I was watching that!", he complained.
“ABSOLUTELY NO RESPECT FOR STEVE AT ALL”
. All they did was remind Tony of the fact that Steve wanted Sharon, not him. He threw both of them away.
They had been together for two years now. Tony remembered the day they met like it was yesterday. Rhodey got tired of his roommates shenanigans ― Tony had been in a “inventing spree” for three days, which meant little food, smelly clothes and very deep dark circles under his eyes ― and decided enough was enough. He took Tony by the ear ― literally, he might add ― and locked him in the bathroom until he took a shower, shaved and put on clean clothes. When he resembled a normal person again, Rhodey took him out to a party to
He could not for the life in him understand what was so wrong with a clip-on tie. They were easy and simple, nothing like the stupid normal one that he was currently trying, and failing miserably, to tie. It might as well be a new form of torture for all he knew.
Inside, there was a man. He had his head on his hands and didn't look up, not even when Natasha sat in front of him. She remained silent, merely watching him with no expression.
Tony took a deep breath and closed his eyes, ashamed. Of course Nat knew all about that. She had spent years waiting, hoping that one day James’ memories of her would come back. And she suffered in silence, never letting anyone know what exactly the Winter Soldier meant to her.
Tony smiled back and then looked away, frowning. “So… Bucky seems nice”.
“But it’s the plan we got so get going”.
Later that same night, though, Tony received a message with a link to an 8 minute YouTube video.
“No, I like it. Yeah. So, I’m done with my meal. Maybe we should go”.
“Right. Dude, that day was wild. I mean, can you believe you guys have been together for a year, and happily together, all thanks to an accident?”
“It’s personal. I didn’t have any meetings, did I?”
at Bucky and Natasha.
Soon after that, Tony decided to change tactics. He told the rest of the team they should start having lunch and dinner together, so Steve and he could have some time with each other without it being weird. Everyone promptly agreed and so, for two weeks, the team had every meal of the day together on the communal floor. Unfortunately, that did not have the desirable outcome. After a week, Steve started to show less and less for meals, saying he had to go to SHIELD or that he had plans with someone else. Feeling defeated, Tony called it off and stopped coming to meals altogether.
“Hey”, he called softly from the door, smiling at the exhausted looking man, “Mind if I come in?”
“Why didn’t you say anything?”, the brunette murmured, tears in his eyes.
him to climb you like a Christmas tree, don’t you?” Bucky accused, pointing a finger at him.
“Yeah, but he’s just… So noisy and so needy. He talks all the time during the movies, it’s annoying”.
“Natalia Roman something”.
“Piccolo Ristorante”, Tony supplied.
“I lied to protect you, Tony, you know that…”
Tony giggled, hiding his face in Steve’s arm. The three looked at each other horrified.
Tony stared at his hands for a long moment, looking deep in thought. Then, he raised his head, looking into Steve’s eyes before smiling, determined, a fire burning in his brown eyes.
“That’s good, Steve”, Tony replied, “I’m happy for you”, he said and he meant it.
People were staring at him; had been since he left the restaurant twenty minutes ago. He knew that, logically, these people in the supermarket could not know what had just happened to him and therefore were not, in fact, looking at him with pity, but his traitorous mind didn’t seem to want to accept that fact.
“What the…”
It was raining outside. Correction, the world was very much ending outside. Lightning lit up the sky every once in a while, followed by the booming sounds of thunder right after. Tony sat on his couch, hands holding his stomach protectively, and closing his eyes every time the light filled his living room, waiting with a grimace for the loud noise that would soon follow.
“Have you seen these pictures? What the fuck is going on in Gulmira?”
“You don’t believe me, do you?”
“Well, that complicates things”, Bucky replied, crossing his arms.
“He’s fine. I told him you were here waiting for news and he asked me to tell you that you can go”, she said in a gentle tone.
Tony smiled. “Forever sounds just about perfect”.
"Fortunately, no one was killed during the attack, but the FBI confirms Hammer will be investigated and, if found guilty, prosecuted for treason. Meanwhile, Tony Stark and new CEO of Stark Industries, Virginia Potts, are trying to salvage what's left of the expo. Mr. Stark's spokesperson reached out to Channel 9 this afternoon, confirming that the Maria Stark Foundation will be covering all medical bills from those who were present at the expo at the time of the attack".
A man suddenly appeared on his line of vision. He looked at Tony with semi closed eyes and a frown, his lips pressed thin against each other. He said something in another language, something the young engineer couldn’t quite understand. Another voice filled the room, replying to whatever the man with kind eyes had said. The man looked regretful for a moment, turning his eyes to the scalpel in his hand and then back to Tony. He sighed.
was waiting for them.
“Really? You can create that kind of program in one week?” Bucky asked, astonished.
“Would you? I mean, you’re paying for all this and it would all go to waste”.
“The pizza is gonna get cold”, Tony complained between kisses, “I brought your favorite”.
“What do you mean?”
he thought to himself as he got up and changed,
“Close down that facility NOW”, Ross shouted to the Privates and they immediately did so, “Activate the Panic Room Protocol here and contact the other facilities, quickly now”.
“In my entire career as a SHIELD agent and then Director, I’ve killed five men. I do not approve of senseless killing. I believe all men deserve a fair trial. Well… Not
“Go now, brave adventurers, and good luck. But fear not, we shall meet again”, and with another loud thunder echoing through the clearing, Strange disappeared in a cloud of smoke.
“It says here she started showing signs of telepathic and telekinetic powers at age seven, so they tested her to see how far the powers went. They talk about range and strength and possible ways to counter the power, discussing the validity of using some rare alloy, same as the one Magneto used on his helmet, and… drugs. Shit”.
“Yeah. You can ask Bucky, I told him all about it”, he kissed Tony’s nose, smiling softly, “I love you”.
“Sir, we can’t get into contact with the other facilities. They’re not responding”, the Private said just as the radio came to life.
“Seriously, Nat? We’ve watched Dawn of the Dead a thousand times! Go for the head!”
As if reading his thoughts, she hears Tony say, “Already ahead of you, Cap. ETA fifteen seconds, Nat.”
It’s not exactly a warning, but it
Once his laughter subsides, Bruce ignores Tony’s flat look in favor of saying, “Any chance you can bring that up to the common area lest I break my neck next time?”
“Another six miles, give or take.”
himself appear complicated. God, if he weren’t a genius, he probably would’ve ended up as an actor. Hell, he’d most likely have won a shit ton of awards by now — he’s
He does look relaxed, Steve notes with satisfaction. It’s the most relaxed he’s seen Tony in a pretty long time, no thanks to his laundry list of responsibilities.
“I know,” Tony tells him with a small smile.
Seeing that the rest of his teammates are occupied, Tony stares at Steve who’s carefully setting aside another birthday card (that’s the twenty-second card now, the engineer observes) and waits until the super soldier looks up to meet his eyes. From across the room, Tony’s lips quirk and he gestures his head to the elevator. Eyebrows raising in mild confusion, Steve nods and gets up from the stool where he was busy opening his gifts. Tony silently walks to the waiting elevator (
“Yeah. I mean, this is an entirely different direction, but it somehow correlates to whatever’s happening to Tony. It’s basically
It’s quiet for several moments, Thor observing Tony with smug satisfaction as the latter breathes heavily, expression a mix of astonishment and — fear? Longing? Unease? Thor is unsure so he files that away for now, the Asgardian wanting nothing more than to dispel his friend’s worries and insecurities once and for all.
Steve’s smile stretches into a grin as he walks around the dining table. He slings an arm around Tony’s shoulders and, in a moment of weakness, Steve allows himself to drop a kiss on Tony’s temple before affectionately ruffling that thick mop of hair. Tony squawks in indignation and they hear the others laugh. Clint makes a teasing comment, but it only serves to make Tony’s smile widen.
“Healing is a long process, and the first step is always the hardest,” Steve gently imparts. He closes the remaining distance left until their chests touch, hands entwined by their sides. “This isn’t a race, Tony; there’s no deadline for this, either. We’re here for you, every step of the way, so take as much time as you need, okay?”
him. Thanks to you,
“Then wherever Anthony is when his brain is more active is the cause for these chills he experiences, yes?”
“Well, Blondie—”
The spell broken once more, Steve snickers at the mental image of their resident archer.
It’s nearing the end of summer, and even if the air-condition is on full-blast in the Tower 24/7, Steve still thinks that it’s a little odd of Tony to be wearing thick layers of clothing. Then again, maybe that’s just Steve talking, since he’s juiced up with the serum and his body temperature runs a little differently than the average person’s.
, focus, Steve. “I know you guys are mad, but, um. I didn’t mean to freak you out, but I don’t regret doing what I did. But still, I— I’m sorry.”
to stay with Tony in the workshop for a completely different reason.
Bruce hums, a small smirk gracing his features. “I’d say ‘I’ll drink to that’, but I’m afraid if I take even a small sip of alcohol now I’ll pass out.”
Prove it. 😏
“Sir is awake and is currently on his way down to the common area, Captain,” comes JARVIS’s response a second later.
“I didn’t take you for a philosopher.”
“Remember when Tony mentioned about something missing in his chest? Something important, but he doesn’t know what?” When everyone carefully nods their head, Bruce continues. “Well, some of the results reveal that Tony’s heat signature is very unusual. It shows that he’s nearly 2 degrees colder than a human being’s normal temperature. But when I checked his vitals, they came out perfectly normal. Steve,” Bruce adds, looking at Steve imploringly and not giving them the chance to react to his words. “You mentioned before that you saw a blue light hit Tony and surround him, right?”
, Mjölnir — M, as Tony prefers to call her — warns him.
“You really need to get your timing right, Tony,” Steve says with an eye roll as he takes another sip of his milkshake.
Tony, Steve.”
“You keep doing that, and I’ll lose all my brain cells,” Clint grouses.
Tony rolls his eyes at him, and there’s a pang in Steve’s chest because it’s another thing the old Tony does. But Steve instantly pushes that thought away and focuses on the present. Old Tony, New Tony — he should probably drop that comparison. It’s completely inaccurate, anyway. Because in the past week and a half that he’s spent in the other man’s company, Steve’s started to figure out just what kind of person Tony Stark really is, and he
“And what did you tell her?” The physicist asks, careful not to trigger a negative reaction from his friend.
Tony chuckles.
, Tony thinks, irked at himself for losing control like that.
Just then, they’re both broken out of their stupor when the coffee machine beeps. Tony blinks a few times, still looking dazed, and Clint’s still wrapping his mind around the fact that
, he’s not that much of a cliché, no. He can’t put a name to this feeling, not yet anyway, but it’s nice. Pleasant. Comforting, even.
Steve makes a noise of disagreement before anyone can answer.
. I'm afraid I didn't get her character right but I still hope she sounds okay.
And to think that Tony’s been planning this for the past, oh,
The next week passes by uneventfully, the only hiccup being Bruce delivering bad news that he’s seen nothing of import to share to the team in regards to the weapon that hit Tony. It was an unspoken agreement among the others to not comment on the fact that the engineer still didn’t help Bruce. It was almost as if Tony was
), almost everyone gathered around the slightly overwhelmed super soldier to greet him a happy birthday.
This time, there’s something tender in Tony’s voice when he says, “I know.”
Pepper hesitates for half a second before she nods. “I believe you’re all aware of what happened after Afghanistan? And the fight that happened between Iron Man and the Iron Monger?” Steve nods his head with a cautious expression, Natasha and Bruce doing the same. In a grave tone, Pepper carefully discloses, “After Tony revealed himself to the world as Iron Man, he locked himself up in his Malibu mansion for two months. Obadiah Stane, who was Iron Monger — he became a father figure to Tony after the death of his parents. Tony didn’t take Stane’s deception and betrayal well, and he… he didn’t cope too well in the aftermath.”
“Tony?”
After a few seconds of silence, Steve clears his throat and waits until Tony meets his eyes.
“Ah.” Steve shuffles his feet a little awkwardly as silence descends upon them. Then, remembering his purpose for going down in the first place, he perks and addresses the engineer once more. “I’m gonna make some hot cocoa. Would you like some?”
“ETA is twenty minutes.”
it. Again.”
He would have considered it flawless if not for the slight hiccup several weeks ago, when Natasha was injured on one of their battles caused by his oversight in flinging Mjölnir towards one of the mechanical spiders. It wasn’t until the upturned vehicles exploded that the trajectory of his target had changed, much to his regret. Nevertheless, he had apologized profusely to his injured friend and vowed to make it up to her. Agreeing to share the codes to his safe where he keeps his beloved pop tarts was a small price to pay in aiding Tony to slowly accept his worth in wielding his dear hammer.
She was prepared to see one of the bot’s legs sticking out of her, but seeing Mjölnir situated on her thigh is a sight she never expected to see. Unbeknownst to her, Natasha doesn’t realize she’s cursing in Russian when she hears a choked sound over the comms and right next to her.
“Steve, we know you’re worried. We are, too, but you’re panicking and that isn’t going to help —”
Though he doesn’t swallow the dryness he feels in his throat, Tony makes a ‘heh’ sound (seriously? What the fuck, Stark?) before he claps a hand on Steve’s back.
“I have already alerted SHIELD of the situation and have sounded the alarm at Avengers Tower,” JARVIS replies. “Captain Rogers has informed me they are en route to the location and will arrive in five minutes. Mr. Odinson has also been notified and will arrive via the Bifrost. The suit has also been deployed and will reach you in two minutes.”
The super soldier physically fights off a shudder when he feels Tony’s warm breath on his bare skin.
“No! It’s — no. Please don’t. I’m
When Tony finally looks up, his whiskey-colored doe eyes quickly fall on Steve’s. And Steve, who was more concerned than angry at the genius’s sudden disappearance in the first place, feels like he’s been gut-punched at being on the receiving end of the truly
“Hey, Tony,” he says. “I couldn’t sleep, so I tried reading this book on, uh, beekeeping. Just to see if it’ll help me fall asleep.”
Tony laughs wetly. “Joke’s on you, Thor, ‘cos I am.”
“Let me know when you want to chat again, okay? Okay, cool. Take care, text me, love you!”
Oh, and before he forgets —
Tony attached an image along with the text, and Steve’s mouth waters at the sight. Tony’s shirtless, obviously, and his thick brown hair looks mussed from running his hands through it all day. His eyes are slightly hooded, but the tell-tale twinkle of fond amusement is there as he smiles softly at the camera.
“Gladly,” Thor says aloud, and between one breath and the next, he casts Mjölnir in his direction.
“Dude, you
Thor narrows his eyes in thought as he slowly munches on his snack.
The thing about Tony Stark is that he’s not a complicated person. He’s
“I don’t think that’s how the saying goes, Tony,” Steve states with a look over his shoulder at the other man.
Of course. Sleep well, Tony.
Just as he forces himself to pull away, with perfect timing Peter comes out of the bathroom. The teen looks at them back and forth, steps slowing as he eyes them apprehensively.
Thor claps him on the back with a beaming smile and Clint nudges Tony on the shoulder with a wink. As they maneuver around the kitchen to get started on their dinner, Bruce brushes past Tony to get the chopping board and knife. He gives Tony a small smile and a quick squeeze on the shoulder before he gets to work chopping onions and garlic.
now. Steve’s right, Clint, that was a dumb thing to do.”
spoke to me,” Tony finally utters, his face unreadable. Bruce blinks, not because of the admission but rather at the use of a pronoun in regards to Mjölnir. They were all aware that the weapon is sentient, but Bruce never thought that it,
After several re-writes, I'm somewhat satisfied with how this turned out. I hope you enjoy reading this last — and lengthy — segment. I would also like to thank you for all the support you've given me throughout this short journey. The response has been incredible and just —
Still, it takes Steve a full minute to type out his response, damp fingers not helping in the least bit.
And continues to stare some more.
If only he could be of more help, he thinks glumly.
If it’s even possible, Mjölnir snorts and answers,
Steve rolls his eyes. “I said it was tame, not that I’m left wanting.”
So yeah.
“I prefer the term ‘child at heart’, thanks.”
“Thank you.”
“ETA two minutes.”
“Moving on,” Steve deadpans with what Tony assumes is with his customary eye roll. “Any idea when Thor is arriving?”
the man has ever been since he woke up a few days ago. He lightly clears his throat and continues, “Do you, uh, remember anything that happened before you got — before your accident? I — we — that is to say, have been wondering since then. We didn’t want to bombard you with those questions when you woke up, so I hope it’s okay if we ask you now?”
But sadly, Tony’s so used to giving people what they want, to acting a certain way because they expect him to, that he’s forgotten what it’s like to be stripped bare of all the defenses he’s put up over the years. He’s forgotten what it’s like to truly connect with someone — to be open, to be honest.
It seems that the archer’s words had some effect on Tony because he finally lifts his eyes for the first time in twenty minutes to look at the rest of the team’s concerned — and annoyed — expressions. Tony then turns his head to look at Clint, and Steve is horrified to see the agitation and
* * * * * *
-lievable. Yeah, you know what? I don’t think you're Jarvis at all. Besides, this is all in my head, right? I’m probably making this all up ‘cos I’m all on my own in this shit hole —”
Tony blinks, jaw dropping in shock at his words. Despite his slackened expression, there’s no mistaking the tight lines around Tony’s eyes and mouth. Going back to his earlier purpose for coming down here, it’s clear to see that Tony’s in pain. It’s times like today — well, tonight, since the battle lasted for hours and debriefing at the Helicarrier took another hour and a half — that Steve hates not being able to be more useful. It hurts him to see Tony in pain, and though the injuries are not visible at the moment since he’s still in his undersuit —
). That was expensive as fuck, and Tony had to pull several strings in order to buy one. But he did, and the gobsmacked expression on the archer’s face once he opened his gift from Tony all those months ago was so worth it. Or even that time when Tony was in his early- to mid-20’s and he bought Rhodey a classic Rolls Royce car as a congratulatory gift when his best friend was promoted from Captain to Major.
“Tony?” Steve asks in a hushed tone, and in the stillness of the night his voice manages to carry throughout the room as it startles the man in question.
As their kissing deepened and became more frantic, Tony doesn't think twice and starts to walk backwards to lead Steve towards the direction of his bedroom, the super soldier not hesitating to unbutton the rest of Tony’s shirt.
“Like when we talk to him,” Steve explains. “If you’re unsure about something in regards to anything about him, don’t be afraid to ask. This Tony is, for lack of a better term, vulnerable right now. We have to be a lot more considerate towards him, also conscious of the manner we speak to him. I’m not saying that we have to treat him like a delicate piece of china. Just that… we have to be careful.”
Clint’s fond of the Top 40s and alternative rock. Natasha, on the contrary, is more fond of classical music (Steve later learns that she lets off some steam by dancing ballet to Tchaikovsky whenever her nightmares keep her from sleeping), but also admits she’s fond of music from the 60s. Bruce, surprisingly, shares almost the same musical tastes as Tony, but because of the Hulk he was forced to listen to other genres of music like the relaxing kind in order to keep his blood pressure in check. Sure, he’s got more of a hold on of the Big Guy now, but he doesn’t want to risk hulking out when he’s in the middle of listening to The Beastie Boys or Guns ’N Roses.
to you.”
So, uh, this is seven months late.
“Come on, I’m starving,” he decides to say. One look at his watch alerts him that they’ve skipped lunch a while back. “Let’s go up for a quick lunch then finish this up.”
Tony swallows inaudibly, his heart thumping a staccato rhythm against his ribcage. He lets out a long, slow breath and then raises a hand to his chest.
who said that. The last book in the series that was released in
Tony’s lips quirk upwards in amusement, and Steve’s chest warms at his open expression. “And which do you think helps you more?”
“Alright, fine,” he grits out. “I still have my wrist gauntlets with me, plus I’ve been training with the team, so I’m not completely hopeless.”
“So what’s the plan?” the archer inquires, looking around each member with an uncertain look. “What do we do next?”
“Yeah! Yeah, I’m fine, Cap. Don’t worry about me, I’m just thinking. Of, um, designs. For a, uh, another Starkphone upgrade.”
“You look like you solve problems instead of make them.”
The super soldier gives him an amused look. “Okay. I’ll believe it when I see it, Tony.”
“We need to know everything that’s happened since the target was taken, spare no details”, Steve informed him.
And so, for the next hour, they tried to keep themselves busy. Tony worked on his program while Steve and Bucky played cards. Suddenly, JARVIS’ voice filled the room.
Steve faltered for a second and looked at Tony. He didn’t look angry or upset, he just looked... confused. The mechanic didn’t know what to do. He was terrified that they would find out his secret, but he was also afraid that, if he didn’t come clean, Steve would leave him, and with good reason. And so, in that moment, he made a decision.
Steve smiled sadly and sighed. “I’m glad you have that, Tony. I really am. And I…”
always right. You said so yourself”.
“Yeah, I get it. I guess we both screwed up”.
“Ok, everyone just calm down. Harley, stop screaming!”
” written in bright yellow letters) and a pair of dark blue jeans. He noticed the way Tony looked at him and smiled to himself.
“… and Director Carter told me to bring it to you so you could use one of your reconstruction programs or whatever to see who the guy was”.
“You see, master Anthony. Some people are able to choose exactly who they are going to love. Like your mother. She saw your father at a benefit and decided that was the man she was going to marry”.
“I… Yeah, but… I don’t think it’s the kind of love for marriage”, Steve tried, grimacing at his own words.
“Thank you, Tony,” Steve says earnestly, and Tony fights back a shiver when he feels the other man’s breath ghost over the shell of his ear.
Tony swallows inaudibly as his late butler’s soothing English accent fills the dark void surrounding them.
Layer by layer, they unhurriedly peel off of him like skin.
— took longer. Tony won’t admit it to anyone but himself, but having that fact hammered — pun definitely intended — into his thick skull countless times over the past couple of months has certainly helped him deal with his demons.
Sighing despondently, Tony waves a hand and the blue holograms displaying the specs for Clint’s arrowheads and Natasha’s Widow’s Bite disappear. There’s no fucking way he’ll be able to focus on his work now if he’s going to keep this up.
He unbuttons the top two buttons of his shirt before he gestures with his hand for Steve to stand beside the grand piano. The blond man does so, albeit reluctantly, resting one large palm on the closed lid of the instrument as he regards Tony with a look of awe, mouth slightly open as his eyes move from the engineer to the piano and back again.
), the super soldier elects to continue perusing the blueprints scattered over the table before him. He picks up one of the prototypes for Nat’s Widow Bites and inspects the sleek design. He’s fiddling with one of the arrows Tony designed for Clint ten minutes later when he hears a loud exhale.
However, before he can so much as sigh in relief, he’s reminded of the hollow feeling in his chest and the phantom weight that’s pressing lightly somewhere in his torso. It’s not painful, but Tony is having a more difficult time breathing, as if someone’s taken hold of his heart, but they’re not exactly squeezing it, just — lightly clasping it in their hands.
Steve, although worried as hell, can’t help but reprimand himself because
It’s been three weeks since the incident, and Tony thought that his condition would improve with time, but it only appears to worsen as time passes by. He still frequently gets those terrible chills. It started as once a week, then twice a week, and now, approaching the fourth week, Tony’s been experiencing it three nights in a row now. Every time it does happen, he finds himself in The In-Between with Jarvis. And every morning he wakes up from visiting — is that even the correct term? — that place, he barely remembers what they talked about. Like the remnants of a dream, it fades away until Tony’s left with nothing but the same empty feeling in his chest. Yes, the chills are gone, but it’s with bitterness that the engineer thinks it’ll only return again.
The silence stretches on, the rhythmic sound of utensils hitting against their plates loud in the spacious area. It got to the point where Steve was starting to get fidgety and sees that the others are feeling the same way as well.
“Steve,” Tony utters in a gravelly voice, hope and fear and longing evident in his whiskey-colored eyes, and all Steve wants to do is take this stubborn genius in his arms and never let him go.
Rhodey’s voice comes next, just as concise.
From what, Tony will most likely know soon.
It’s another selfie of Tony, this time wearing one of his ratty AC/DC shirts, and he’s lying on his side of the hotel bed. His hair looks more disheveled, and his eyes, though soft and filled with warmth, are heavy with exhaustion. His normally well-groomed goatee looks a little unkempt, but it’s his lopsided grin that gets to Steve, who feels like his chest is about to burst at the rush of affection he feels for the man in that moment.
Tony mock-gasps.
“Yeah, would you mind setting up the table? This won’t take long.”
It’s Bruce’s turn to speak up, the physicist’s brows furrowed. “What do you mean by that, Tony?”
“How awfully generous of you, Mr. Stark.”
For several seconds, nobody moves.
, now, with us. It’s okay if you don’t believe that now, but just know that me and the rest of the team believe that.”
“Sure, no problem-o.” Steve quietly sighs in relief when he feels Tony move away, however he can’t help but instantly miss the close proximity with the other man.
He’s the first to pack up so he tells Tony that he’ll wait for him at the elevator. He barely makes two steps out of the lab when Bruce hits something solid. He trips over, letting out an undignified noise as he falls to the ground.
“Fuck yeah,” he says with a loud exhale. “Like the hobbits returning to The Shire. Or Bilbo after parting ways from the dwarves. Part of the journey’s the end, after all.”
Something about the tone in that message makes Steve pause.
his subconscious supplies. Suddenly, he sees a flash of a familiar place — and face — pop up in his mind’s eye, and Tony jolts in shock as his eyes fly wide open. Heart pounding rapidly in his chest, the engineer shakes his head a few times to get rid of the haunting image in his mind, and he quickly rinses his hair before he turns the shower off and slides the door open. Steam is coming out from the shower stall as Tony gets out, finding a clean towel to wipe his hair and body dry and then wrapping it around his waist.
“Bruce, what —” he starts but the physicist carries on.
“You know better than to take Clint up on that,” Steve chastises gently, although he can’t help but smile in amusement at the obvious regret in Bruce’s movements. “He can drink any of us under the table.”
to love the genius, flaws and all.
He’s being followed.
— know otherwise. Not when Steve can do something about it.
Steve’s eyes are wide as he looks up from Tony to meet Natasha’s and Thor’s equally alarmed looks.
Steve bites his lip, momentarily looking at their curious gazes before his eyes lands on Bruce.
Subtly clearing his throat as he turns to face the engineer once more, whatever Steve was about to say dies on his throat when he glimpses Tony’s closed-off expression.
Bruce blinks and cocks his head.
Clint thinks with a quiet snort.
“Hulk smash good!” Hulk roars in agreement before the sound of metal crushing and whining is heard, followed by the resounding collision of the Leviathan landing on the ruined pavement.
Tony walks around the couch and is surprised to see Steve fast asleep, his head pillowed by one of the couch’s cushions as the super soldier breathes evenly, hands clasped together and resting on his stomach. Head still pounding, Tony’s thoughts are still muddled, and instead of doing something he’d usually do when sober, the engineer finds himself rooted in his spot as he stares at Steve.
“My breath stinks,” Tony says quietly, his eyelids drooping already.
what that ‘something’ could be. Frankly speaking, I don’t think we possess the right equipment to deal with this. I’ll be able to give you better answers once the scan is complete. All I can say is that we all have to be prepared for what’s coming next because even I’m not sure about the extent of the damage that weapon has done to Tony.”
“When we brought Tony back here, I had JARVIS do a full scan on him. Just as a precautionary measure,” he hastily adds when he spots Steve’s alarmed look. “It’s not that I don’t think SHIELD’s doctors are incompetent, but I do know that if I were in Tony’s position, he would do the same for me. So I had JARVIS scan him, and when I was given the results, I was… a bit unsettled at what I found.”
“I tend to get clingy in my sleep,” he mumbles after a few minutes. “Jus’ so y’know.”
“Uh, guys. One of Tony’s Audis is missing. The silver one.”
Fortunately, he had enough presence of mind to quickly realize he was about to burn their food.
Thor is in the middle of singing a horrible rendition of “We Are The Champions” when Steve feels a solid body bump into his shoulder. The blond is broken from his internal musing when his attention focuses on Bruce’s slightly swaying form. Based from his glassy eyes and slackened expression, Steve surmises the scientist has had too much to drink.
“It’s fine, Steve,” Tony replies with a half-hearted shrug. For a brief moment, Steve catches sight of a shadow that passes over his face, but it was gone in the blink of an eye and the super soldier doesn’t manage to pinpoint what emotion that was. “But I don’t really remember much. All I can recall was that I saw a blue light headed towards me, and then it hit me. I must’ve passed out because the next thing I know, I was waking up in med bay.”
Because like it or not, Steve now accepts the fact that Tony is a complex and flawed human being. Even better, Tony is his
“Tony.”
“How’re you guys holding up? I’m almost clear here,” Tony announces, surprised to find his voice raspy.
particular list, it brought nothing but shame and regret for his past actions towards Tony. Obviously, Tony also had his own faults, but Steve wondered that if he were less set in his ways, then maybe choosing to understand why Tony is the way he is instead of painting the engineer in a certain light or forcing him to change so that it meets Steve’s specifications could’ve dissolved the rift between then.
Steve feels himself flush at one of the pet names Tony’s been calling him. They’ve been dancing around each other for months now, and the fact that Tony’s is not only welcoming Steve’s (albeit) small advances, but is also
As team leader, Steve should be more responsible; but going back to what he said earlier, they had a well of a week tracking down and destroying a HYDRA base. It's the eighth base they've successfully taken down, so this was a well-earned celebration. And damn it, they deserved this.
Sure, she’s seen the cautious way Tony would shoot her way on occasion, as if he’s waiting for the other shoe to drop. As if half expecting Natasha to use her skills into getting Tony to open up to her about The Incident. A part of her feels sad and, admittedly hurt, that after all the years they’ve known each other Tony would still expect the
Tony stares at him incredulously. “But I didn’t even do anything.”
Tony turns his body to properly face Thor, so Steve catches a glimpse of the frown on the genius’s face when he answers. “What? Why does Mjölnir want to speak to me?”
“Steve, Steve-o, hello? You still with me, cupcake?”
, a voice whispers from the back of his mind and Steve is quick to banish that thought away, despite the pang of longing that strikes him every time. It’s probably too soon to consider them like family, even if it’s in the privacy of his own head.
A quarter of an hour passes by before he hears a weathered voice address him.
Tony thinks sluggishly.
Steve bites his lower lip in contemplation.
“What the fuck?!”
. We’ve been walking for ages, J! This is like, the ninth time I’m visiting here. How long is this gonna take?”
Tipsy. That’s what Steve would describe Tony right this moment, the brunet swaying sensually to the soft music playing as he coaxes Bruce to do the same, who does so in a timid way that makes the others hoot in encouragement. Steve finds himself grinning at the display in front of him, and it’s an image he finds himself memorizing when he feels the itch in his fingers to draw, to immortalize this significant moment.
— person? Thing? — to mollycoddle me. I’m
“He also looked well-rested,” Clint adds.
Before Steve’s hopes (and expectations) can get up, Tony says the least unexpected thing.
Steve feels his throat dry at the double meaning of Tony’s words. He looks at Tony, then at his outstretched hand, then at the New York skyline, and finally back to Tony’s expectant face. Swallowing past the tightness in his throat (
— that he was validated not only by an alien weapon forged in the heart of a dying star, but also by his teammates, his
“I love you, too, Pep.”
the ability to swear?” Clint repeats, sounding a little incredulous.
. And that acknowledgement certainly triggered something in Tony, which Bruce understands about his friend because he’s starting to paint the right picture now.
“You’re quite a bit like my George,” the elderly woman voices out after a minute of silence.
closes and Tony discerns the smoldering carcass of the Leviathan plummeting to the ground, when he addresses Mjölnir.
There’s a touch of sadness in Tony’s smile when he replies, “I know, Steve.”
The point is, he’s spent most of his life keeping people at a distance and projecting a persona that he’s carefully perfected over the years that he’s forgotten how it felt to truly connect to someone. To wholly trust someone and to have his defenses lowered
to know what they’re doing. You gotta take a leap of faith, young man. Open that big heart of yours and let them in. Good things will happen, you'll see. My George did and his life was all the better for it.”
With those past birthday celebrations in mind, Tony knows he has to step up his game. And that, regrettably, is where his mind comes up blank. It seems that the more he overthinks, the less he’s able to come to a decision on what to do.
So when he heard Steve said those things to him, Tony was momentarily taken aback, images of his childhood flashing through his mind’s eye in a span of seconds. He barely registers that he’s reached the penthouse and has just entered his room when the gears in his brain halts at one thought.
to them afterwards for his outburst earlier that day, and if it were under different circumstances, Steve would’ve laughed at the others’ gobsmacked expressions — even Natasha’s face slackened in shock upon hearing Tony’s genuine apology. But what surprised Steve more was when Clint regained his composure and
Tony blinks when he hears Rhodey curse and say, mostly to himself, “Shit, I should’ve seen it sooner.”
“Natasha, check his penthouse suite,” Steve orders. “Bruce, check his lab. Clint, the garage. Thor, you’re with me in checking the other floors. We’ll meet back here in twenty minutes. Otherwise, if you find something, use your comms.”
. All those things can be accomplished by anyone, but the difference between anyone and you— and I think this is where Mjölnir’s trying to hammer her point into you, no pun intended — is that you do all these things not to raise the company’s stocks or keep up your reputation, but you do so out of selflessness. A devotion to mankind, so to speak. You create innovating technology to help better our future; you save countless lives on a daily basis, and that’s both in and out of the suit. I’d name all the philanthropic stuff you’ve done, but the list is endless. Tony, you chose to do all that and
They descend into silence once again. Steve finds it pleasant, the silence. It’s not stilted or uncomfortable at all, which is a good change in his opinion. Instead, it feels like another wall has dissolved between them, one that Steve thinks has always been there but was never addressed.
“‘M proud of me, too,” Tony mumbles, not exactly aware of what he’s saying by this point. All he can feel, hear, and smell is Steve. He’s home.
“Great,” Bruce grumbles under his breath.
not knowing!”
Any mistakes made are mine as this is unbeta'd. Enjoy reading.
make up for the prolonged absence. I'm really sorry, and at the same time I don't even have an excuse like ¯\_(シ)_/¯
Steve, who’s bobbing his head to the beat of the catchy song, sees Tony smile at Natasha, eyes soft as he takes her hand and twirls the Russian to his side, Natasha following the brunet’s lead without question.
“Thank you.”
Flipping the bread over the pan, Steve looks over his shoulder and almost had a heart attack when he’s greeted with the sight of Tony, the engineer’s back turned to him, swaying his hips to the tune as he finishes setting the table. Eyes immediately zeroing in on Tony’s plump ass — and it’s such a
Another minute passes before Bruce shows up in the bedroom carrying a bag of supplies with him. Steve tries not to blush too hard at the raised eyebrow the good doctor gives him, and he stays where he is and doesn’t cease his ministrations on Tony’s hair. Which, now that he’s thinking, only seems to fuel Bruce’s amusement and confusion. But thankfully he doesn’t say anything, considering they have more pressing matters to attend to.
Much to his surprise, Tony groans. “Great,
“No worries, take your time,” Nat responds dryly. Thankfully the whole street is devoid of civilians since they evacuated the perimeter earlier on in the fight.
“Clint, contact Fury and have a medical team sent to our coordinates.”
“Uh, what?”
“I think I may have one,” he says. When he sees that everyone is looking at him with hopeful expressions, the super soldier only has a split second to wonder if it’s the right course of action.
It actually looks pretty cool. Who would’ve thought that a team of superheroes can also be competent when it comes to party planning? Definitely not him.
He returns her kind smile with one of his own and dips his head. “Of course, ma’am.”
He has several hologram screens up and running in no time. While working on upgrades for Clint’s quiver and looking up ways to prolong the durability of Bruce’s stretchy pants, he has Jarvis order him a Steinway & Sons grand piano to be delivered directly to his penthouse by mid-day. Next, he goes on YouTube and listens to the song he’s decided to sing to Steve while he was in the shower.
“Nope, no can do. This is the best option we have, J. I’m not gonna risk any more lives being lost, not when we can do something about it.”
“Eloquently said, Dorito,” Steve hears Tony mumble against his bicep, the latter still chuckling.
Wanting to avoid any awkwardness that might ensue if he doesn’t leave, Steve decides to make his exit, shooting Peter a smile and Tony a wink.
“Hey, JARVIS? Call me Steve.”
“He trusts Bruce!” Clint points out, trying to sound helpful. Then he turns to the physicist, who’s looking a little green, and the archer recoils slightly at the deep frown aimed his way. “Uh, you guys are Science Bros. Right?”
Try as he might, Steve can’t help but smile at the sheer impertinence of the man. And sweet Mary, did Tony just call him ‘my dear’ in Italian? Unfortunately, that’s the exact moment he feels his cheeks and neck grow warm. He’s definitely blushing right now, and by the sound of Tony’s gentle laughter it’s clear that the genius saw it too.
Feeling the exhaustion seep into his bones, Tony rolls his shoulders and holds on to what’s left of his energy. Although there’s no doubt that Thor and Hulk can kill the mothership in record time, Tony doesn’t want to risk more vessels going through the portal.
This time, Steve’s brows furrow. “You haven’t been sleeping again.” It’s more of a statement than a question, if the underlying tone of accusation is anything to get by.
Steve blinks.
Tony snorts, and in a split second he gets up from the couch. Steve blinks in surprise, and blinks a second time when Tony offers his hand to the super soldier.
“What do you mean?” Tony queries with a raised brow. He hides a wince, remembers that he’s still wearing the sunglasses. He probably looks like an arrogant ass.
