I promise Sherlock's in this story.  You have to wait until chapter 7, though.  Sorry!  (But not really).
“You got that out again, too?”  He’d never hidden it from his daughter, that version of his former wife on what was likely the happiest day of her life.
Once he could think again, he shifted in his chair only to find it wet.   “It’s got come on it now,” he said in playful lament.  “We’ll have to take it with us.”
Lestrade waited for the air to clear, then rolled his window back up.  John did the same; the air conditioning was turned up and the managed to crawl another half mile up the road before John couldn’t help it.
“Oh, sorry, yeah, I was going to suggest you try the hydrotherapy bath or something while you wait.”
“I was hoping you could help me this time,” Sherlock said.  “I’m investigating my father’s death.”
“Were they at that party Mrs. Sandhurst mentioned?”
thought John, heart beginning to pound.
“Do you want them in you?”
John stood in the doorway on the verge of a panic attack, his earlier confidence momentarily misplaced.  Oxygen, Watson.  Breathe.
______________________________________________________________________
John had initially been shocked when he’d seen his own cock in Sherlock’s large palm; he was used to seeing it in his own, where it seemed proportionate.  In Sherlock’s hand, however, he’d felt particularly small.  That was until Sherlock marvelled at it, took it in his mouth, demanded it up his arse, worshipped it, and proclaimed it perfect.  He’d waxed poetic about it once, describing it to John in precise anatomic detail, claiming he’d committed it to memory.  John was sure that he had, too.  Could probably pick him out of a lineup on penile anatomy alone.
, he’d said.  John wondered what their legacy would be, what Sherlock imagined it to be.  Would they grow old together, then?  The two of them, arthritic fingers and reading glasses?  What would they leave behind?  Years’ worth of blog posts, criminals behind bars, lives saved?
“It’s fine.”
He pushed the red “end” button and gave the phone back to Owens, who was still looking at him as if he were a door-to-door salesman.  “Thanks.  He’s working on something, but said he’d come.”
John sighs at the breach.  I hold his leg and try not to immediately ejaculate.
John helped the two men put biscuits, tea, and a glass jar shaped like a beehive on an intricately-wrought silver platter, then followed them out to the back garden, which adjoined the canal towpath.  Mr. Chapman had a small but beautiful lawn and flowerbeds, complete with a little brick patio.  They sat down, and Mr. Campbell insisted on serving.  They drank tea and ate biscuits as Mr. Chapman detailed his recent visit to the Hebden Bridge vintage fair and the oddities he’d picked up there.
“That’s a lovely sound, my name in your mouth,” John says.  “Music to my ears.”
“What do we do now?” he asked, looking out over the wide, green expanse of front lawn.  “Call Mycroft?  Get Owens’ files?”
“Sherlock,” called John, getting up.
On the first of November he was transferred to a Combat Stress short-stay treatment centre for six weeks of trauma-focussed psychological therapy.  Physiotherapy continued, with minimal results.  One day in early December an officious and thoroughly forgettable personnel recovery officer appeared with discharge papers.  John ripped up the first set and only signed the second by mustering the last of his dignity.  When he was released one week later with a metal cane, the name of a counsellor, and a meagre pension, it was into a world he no longer remembered.  He wasn’t even sure he wanted to.
John Watson is not necessarily impulsive.  He broods a good deal, thinks things through.  But he’s excellent at thinking on his feet when immediate action is necessary and for some reason he’s pretty sure he will never understand his hand shoots out to the ledge where Sherlock keeps his poncy conditioner.  One pump in his hand.  His hand to his cock.  Oh
That was, until, he realised very early on that Sherlock had no problem eating from unwashed plates and cups, digging around in skips, leaping into the Thames without regard for his made-to-measure suits, or -- this was truly surprising -- refusing to wash out of sheer petulance.  Sherlock did not fear blood, guts, body fluids, microbes, or putrefaction.  Nor, (to John’s great relief) did Sherlock have any objections to putting his lips and tongue on any part of John’s body.  Thank God for that.
“It would be the most exciting memoir ever,” not bothering to hide his sarcasm.  “The first chapter would be all about staring at the walls.  The second, walking.  Lots of walking.  Scintillating reading material right there: Today, I walked.  Yesterday, I walked.  Tomorrow, I will walk.  Punctuate it with a nightmare every now and then for good measure.”
“Why would I laugh?  It’s a good hospital.  You’ll make an excellent pathologist.”
Well, there wasn’t much to say to that, now, was there.  John was actually relieved at the sound of a text alert.  He pulled the phone from his pocket.
“So, my love,” said Sherlock melodramatically, recapturing the lighthearted mood from the moment before, “what types of sexual acts are forbidden from our bed?”
Almost pleasant.  A coil of anticipation.
“No, it wasn’t either of them. They were both short, stocky types; those boots would have been too big.”
There was a long pause as Sherlock processed this information.  “So we ‘christen’ the new place.  Are you suggesting we say goodbye to Holmes Hall in much the same manner?”
“I apologise,” said Sherlock.  “I didn’t mean to catch you unawares.”
“More?” I ask, eyeing his testicles which are currently squashed against the mattress.  God, I love those too.  Just as John’s arse has a particular smell, so does his scrotum, which is really quite delightful.  It’s nearly a Pavlovian response.  I want to suck both of them right into my mouth.  I’m sure I could.
Sentiment.  Funny how it produced funny feelings in the transport.  Sweaty palms, some kind of aching in the chest, a quick cramp in the gut.  Oh, wait.  That wasn’t sentiment.  Sherlock looked to the left.  He looked to the right.  He observed John, listening attentively, and Greg, talking to someone and sounding official.  Just because he
Then, as dreams often do, the entire scene shifted, and he was no longer in a garden at all, but flying, fast, a machine roaring in his ears.  No, not a machine.  An engine. A motorbike engine.  Yes, he was on a motorbike, but he wasn’t driving.  He wasn’t in control, nor could he see.  His blindness wasn’t unnerving, however.  It was liberating.  He held on tight as he tipped to the right and the left, as the wind blew through his hair.  He wasn’t wearing a helmet.  The bike gained speed, and he clung tighter, laughing.  The body in front of him was warm and solid.  And maybe speaking?  He couldn’t quite tell.  Together with the sound of the engine, a human voice, deep and sonorous, speaking soothing nonsense.
“I see.”  She looked down at her hands for a moment before mustering a sad smile.  “I’m not sure how I can help you.”
John chuckled all the way to the clinic.
“Just let him, Phil,” said Donovan.  “He’s a freak.  But he’s useful.”
John followed him to the door and hoped Sherlock had managed to lock it again behind him.
, the pulse and flutter of muscles, and then he, too, was gone.  One last tremendous thrust and he came, as far into Sherlock as he could.
“There’s something underneath...”
His orgasm hit him.  He honestly hadn’t expected to have another, but it was happening, his bollocks drawing up and penis jerking as the climax shuddered through him.  “Fuck!” he yelled as he began to spurt over his fingers.  “Sherlock!”
“I was in the RAMC, and I thought I’d eventually find myself in an A&E somewhere, but I seem to have ended up in general practice.”
“Sure that’s the same bird?”
Bingo.
“Hm,” was all Sherlock said in response.
“It might be a deal breaker.”
Sherlock looked worried.  “I think I should never want the responsibility of raising children.”
to me.  It is meant to be on mine, I’ve decided.
Sherlock shot him a withering look.
One look confirmed that she, indeed, had.  “Lillian is a good person,” Navya insisted.  “But she’s very ambitious.  She cast her hook in deep waters and has enjoyed reeling in the big fish.”
The weight of Sherlock’s body was substantial, but John laid there and felt his lover’s heart hammering away against his own.  These confessions were going to kill him.
“Happy to have rendered you speechless.  However, I’ve got cramp in my feet.”
Thankfully, he did.  “Forgive me, but caressing one’s feet at certain zones that supposedly correspond to various internal organs to heal specific ailments or stimulate ‘energy pathways’ seems far fetched.”
“Jesus, John.  The man’s brilliant, but completely barking. I don’t know how you actually live with him.”
to Sherlock Holmes.  Good God.  What would that even be like?  Exhausting, probably.  And amazing.  Would he wear a ring?  Introduce him as his ‘husband’ or ‘partner’?  Or both?  Would he lay his head in John’s lap on Saturday mornings or Tuesday afternoons and close his eyes while John played with his hair?  Would he explode things in their kitchen?  Would there be a head in the fridge?  Would their laundry mingle in the clothes hamper?
“Was he unhappy?”  John queried.
Nothing.
Between the business with the Woman and the nightmare in Dartmoor, John and Sherlock take on a case that keep them on their feet for days.  John manages to kip here and there, dozing off on the black leather chair in Lestrade’s office or simply falling into the dreamless sleep of the exhausted right there in the St Pancras Library, his head face-down in the files.  Sherlock, though.  If Sherlock sleeps, John doesn’t catch him at it.  He keeps whirling along, hands flapping, mouth running a mile-a-minute, relentlessly pacing, do keep up, John!  Sherlock struggles; the answers evade him.  He gets angry with himself, launches into tirades, sits for hours, arms covered with patches.  As always, he solves it.
“Are you lying now?”
“Molly’s done the entire centre bed,” said John, pointing out Molly’s handiwork.  “She has a real eye for colour, like you do.  I just...pulled some weeds and moved a few things around.  Nothing special.”
John huffed a laugh.  The bag contained, literally, all he owned at the moment.  “Yeah.”
One morning he wrote up Sherlock’s cat case.  He titled it “Vigilante Catastrophe” and after tinkering with it for several hours, proclaimed it fit for public viewing.  He hit “post” and went off in search of Sherlock.
It takes a minute or two, but eventually Sherlock calms down, wipes at his eyes once more.
“Leaving me with the bags then?”
“He was pruning a tree.  The ladder broke, and he fell.  Lilly, Mrs. Holmes, spent another decade's worth of summers here before she permanently moved to London.  Busiest place she could think of, away from the slow country life and their flowers.  She passed away this past autumn, and now Mycroft, Archie’s son who owns Holmes Hall now, is trying to figure out what to do with this place.  Seems the best course is to turn it into a luxury hotel. Lord knows the Holmes boys don’t want it.  Lilly didn’t either, but who’s to turn down an inheritance like this one!  I’d sell it, myself, and buy a nice flat in London.  Right next to Regent’s Park.  How I did love that place as a child!  With the little boats.”
John giggled a bit as Sherlock’s expression shifted from extreme annoyance to devious mirth, sleepiness gone.
“It’s not going to work,” Sherlock called after him.
“This is a nice chair,” John says genially as he sits.  Their chairs have been a running gag now for years, and, true to form, Sherlock’s decked out the sitting room with one larger, more modern leather club chair, and a smaller, upholstered wingback for John.  It’s still chilly, and they’ve drawn the chairs closer to the fire, to each other.  “You’ve done well for yourself.  It’s a great find.”
“Has he kissed them yet?  Your little pet?”
John nodded.  Of course.  The postman would be round six days a week, would know the habits of the people he delivered to, their daily routines, even details of their lives based on the mail they received.
.  Perfumes, tobacco ash, decomposition rates, blood spatter patterns, every crime ever committed ever committed in the history of the Underground... but I know nothing about your childhood, your prior relationships, your hopes, dreams, fears...things that best mates should know.”
Sherlock opened it and removed the flower.
“Excellent observation.”
“Or as embarrassing or expensive.”
Sherlock considered, then put down the kickstand and climbed off.  “Came to a car show with my father here once,” he said as they walked along a gravel path away from the chaos of the 5K and toward the house.  “A long time ago.  Dreadfully boring.  Mycroft and I ran off.  There’s castle ruins in the woods north of the main house. Mycroft told me he’d explored it once by himself when I was too little to go with him.  But when we got there, we found they’d put up a locked fence.”  Sherlock huffed out a little laugh.  “I wept.”
“I’ll be a horrible flatmate.”
John’s arse, that it was just as much of a turn-on for him as his cock or balls.  Sherlock would moan as he fingered John, sigh as he worshipped him with his tongue, and grunt as he grasped and pushed and pulled the gluteus maximus in his large hands, felt the muscles relax, flex and work.  In less than a month into their sexual relationship, John could no longer compare anything that went on back there to anything less than skipping dinner entirely and going straight to the rum-laced dessert.  So much for boring John and his boring vanilla sex.  He always had been a little bit of an arse man.
That was better.  “Yeah.  Please.  That feels nice.”
“Molly,” he said, “You really like this place.”
“Too bad it’s all locked up.  Probably a bit of a liability, though.  Probably really unstable.  Sherlock?  Wait, what are you doing?”
“You’ve become...friends.”
“You’re mistaken, John.  That’s you.  You never fail to surprise me.  But you didn’t answer the question.”
“Wait a sec.  Those are his medical records.  Jesus.  Mycroft
you?”
“Greg Lestrade.  Mrs. Hudson told me you were on a bit of a walk.  But the place has been pretty quiet as of late so it’s a bit strange to see someone new.  Good to meet you.”
John binned the rest of his coffee and savoured the air conditioning inside the Institute of Genetics, Health, and Therapeutics building.  He found Sherlock poised in front of a microscope inside Mike’s lab.
The problem was that he couldn’t stop imagining what it was going to feel like, when all Sherlock’s attention was focused on them, on their joint pleasure, deducing his every desire and then delivering.  And soon, too, back in that ‘ludicrous bed’ with those soft, satiny sheets. Jesus fucking Christ.  Crime scenes would never be the same again.
Owens stared at the floor.
Sherlock raised his eyebrows as John toed off his shoes and pulled off his socks.  “Are we swimming now?”
“Right then,” said the barman, shaking out his knuckles.  He turned and saw John.  “Oh, look,” he laughed.  “You.”
“A what?”
His phone pinged; Sherlock was in.  He breathed a sigh of relief and hoped Sherlock was able to find what he was looking for.  John moved closer to the cottage until he was right at the edge of the property.  He had always appreciated the postman’s impressive flower garden every time he cycled into town, especially the hazy, fairy-tale quality it had in the early morning mist.  But beyond that, he’d never noticed the hen house partially behind the stone house or the vegetable garden off to the side.  Clearly Owens spent considerable time working outside when he wasn’t delivering the post.
“For some people...meaning you, I take it.”
“You’re not going to have a lot of time.  Move fast.”
Mycroft frowned.  “I don’t think he accidentally fell from that ladder.  Sherlock’s theories are logically sound.  Should you need my assistance, please feel free to ask.  Use caution, John.  I worry about him.”
John thinks about the road ahead.  He knows what he wants, and he’ll have to be brave and at least try before he loses the opportunity.  He’s been granted so many, and he’s tired of tempting fate.
“Sally,” he said as he caught his breath.  “Meet Mr. Chris Hanson, who missed out on the Deputy Headship he thought he deserved and that was instead given to Barbara Ewing.  I think if you question him farther you’ll find he had a brief liaison with Ms. Ewing and knew about her allergy.  I suspect he has an accomplice as well, someone on the event staff, who held a homemade extinguisher for him at the finish line. I’m sure if you test his clothing, you’ll find evidence of the tainted powder.  Mr. Hanson,” finished Sherlock, climbing off him so Donovan could arrest him, “you should have chosen the colour green.  It would have been more appropriate.”
John pecked out a response:
John finally meets Sherlock.
“Unless it’s not her you’re interested in.”  Andrew’s mouth curled into an ugly smile.  “Wouldn’t have figured you for the type, but if it’s that one you’re interested in…”  --he jerked his head in Sherlock’s direction-- “...you don’t even need my services.  He’ll give it to you just for the high, I’d reckon. Now move aside, shorty,” he said, grasping John’s shoulders to physically move him out of the way.
garden.”
“Beautiful weather we’re having, yeah?” John said loudly, trying to stall and give Sherlock enough time to dart out of the house.  “I was just on my way into town and I must have run over some glass or something, ‘cause next thing I know, thump, thump, thump!  I was going nowhere fast.”
“Any other places that seem to trouble you?” asked James after he’d moved on from John’s right foot and began the same process with the left.
Sometimes I sit in my brother’s private library at the Diogenes and just leaf through the pages.  Breathe the dust: rotting paper, decomposing ink, billions of dead dust mites.  The smell of time.  Ah, time, one of the great alchemists.  What is ambergris, priceless fixative for so many perfumes and colognes, but a lump of sperm whale excreta transmuted by time and the sea?
he thinks.
____________________________________________________________________
“No.  Pathology’s so much more interesting.  It’s the research I like.  It’s rather like a game, sometimes.  Trying to isolate a pathogen or determine cause of death.  I’d prefer to spend most of my time in a lab.  People are...complicated.”
“John?”
They stood there, two dark figures in a dark spring night.  There, with the heavens spiralling out above him, John felt grounded, centred.  At home.
Sherlock buried his face deeper into the couch.  “Go away.”
“Phone sex?  Skype?”
“I don’t need friends.”
“But that doesn’t mean I find you boring.  You have never once been boring to me.”
.  Who would have thought?  He
“Enlighten me.”
The shower was lovely, and John washed Sherlock’s mop of curls with his homemade shampoo.  Afterward, they took turns in the bathroom as they usually did, and by the time John came back downstairs from getting dressed for work, Sherlock was clean-shaven and reading the paper at the table.  He’d even made tea.
“Oh.  Hello there, Freak,” she said to Sherlock.
“Sally didn’t come back to the park.  And when we returned to Burnett Thwaite the next summer, her family had moved to Leeds.”
“Piss off.”
John managed to “what if” for forty minutes straight, and by the time they were pulling into King’s Cross station he was so aroused -- and worried -- that he nearly forgot to wake up the subject of his fantasies.  He took several deep breaths and shifted in his seat, trying to make his erection less...erect… before gently tapping Sherlock’s shoulder.
“Of course you’re staying, dear,” she tutted.  “Otherwise you wouldn’t have come all this way now, would you?  Trust me, you wouldn’t have been invited if you weren’t suitable.  Your room is on the ground floor. This is the main hall, and then there’s the east and west wings.  The east wing is a bit of a mess right now, but the west wing is just lovely.  Mr. Holmes thought you’d prefer the rose, but I knew you’d like the carnation.  Rooms, that is, dear.  It’s how I keep track of all of them, otherwise I’d get myself lost.  Follow me.”
John heard Sherlock chuckle darkly from somewhere behind them.
“Your hands,” he said, “your beautiful hands.  So perfect.”
John let it drop.  “The train’s at 8.”  He was going to suggest that Sherlock eat something, but thought better of it.
“Another, lads?” interrupted Metcalf.
“It’s not a ‘ridiculous notion’.  It’s cathartic.”
“Cheer up, John!” Sherlock cried, his eyes shining with new-case mania.  “We’re going to a spa retreat!”
A chuckle from Joyce.  “Let’s just go through this whole pile.”  There was the sound of the entire contents of the laundry basket hitting the floor, and the rustling of fabric.  “Might have to spot treat these pillows.”
“How long does it take you to grow a beard?”
Sherlock put the pig livers back in the cooler.  “Yes, it is.  It’s too bad the police have their heads so far up their arses and their hands tied by all this bureaucratic red tape.  I use unconventional methods and pure logical reasoning.  Much faster.”
Mr. Chapman raised his bushy eyebrows.  “Oh!  Yes, now I remember.  Poor girl had a rotten father, if I remember correctly.  Jealous of the Holmeses, for sure.  Didn’t want his daughter playing with the posh boy with the brain.  The two of them were at the canal all the time.  Frogs, if I remember.  Lord knows what they did with those poor creatures.”
“She’d be fine.”
Moreover, the blog confirmed what he’d already learned about Sherlock Holmes: that he was brilliant, rude, clever, a bit imperious, and thrived on constant stimulation of his mind.
“Hey, John?  If I get done in time, fancy a game of snooker later?”
“For Sherlock’s sake, I do hope you figure it out,” said Mr. Chapman, standing to say goodbye.  “Archie was a good man.  I’ll see you out.”
“Regardless,” Mycroft continued, “the days after his death, when Sherlock could have made the most headway on the case, were occupied with the funeral arrangements and mother simply refused to acknowledge any foul play.  She and Sherlock had understood each other so well, before.  Maybe she saw herself in the situation: absorbed as she always was with her studies.  As I was with mine.  Father always left behind -- intellectually, at least.”
It was John’s turn to pause a bit.  Oh God.
“Do you find it attractive?”
“In the summer, when I was driving back from interviewing someone on that missing racehorse thing. I’d found a pub for lunch, then took a stroll and just happened to see the ‘For Sale’ sign.  I put in an offer there and then.  Obviously, it does need some work...and it’s Grade II listed. The fireplace and front parlour are 400 years old. So far I’ve had the roof repaired and the plumbing redone in the bathroom.  It has a very large garden and it’s next to a farm, so it’s secluded, very quiet.”
Sherlock attempted a few times before he managed to get it out.  “Do you love me?” he said finally.
Sherlock straightened up and held the chemistry book to his chest.  “Thank you,” he said solemnly.
John grits his teeth.
John let her lead the way through a drawing room, a formal dining room, a kitchen, and then down a corridor past half a dozen closed doors before the hall ended and turned to the left.  “Here’s the west wing,” she explained.  “We’ve got four bedrooms here, the rose, carnation, daffodil, and the thistle.  That’s the thistle, down there, at the end.”  She pulled a face.  “Never liked that room.  It’s got a hidden servants’ staircase up to the first floor and a creaky old dumbwaiter.  Gives me the creeps, even now that it’s all fixed up.  Now I’ve got the daffodil across the hall.  Mycroft stays in rose, when he’s here, and here we are, the carnation.”
“Mrs. Hudson, you were a dancer!”
."  He smiled devilishly before whirling out of the morgue dramatically with a swirl of coattails.
John nodded when Leybourne looked to him for assurance.
“Her father was a right bastard,” said Mr. Campbell sadly, shaking his head.  “Something happened, though, and they moved to the city.  Were only here a few years.  Whatever happened to her, I wonder?”
The wind blew, carrying with it the faint scent of the moors.  The wall of boxes kept most of the chill from directly hitting the bed, and the heat of Sherlock’s body was enough to make John feel comfortable -- warm, even.
Perhaps I should get a dog.  Would be handy at crime scenes, I suppose.  John says I do enough inhalation of the evidence as it is and gets tetchy if I put my nose too close to something he deems dangerous or disease-ridden.  Sniffing out a killer would be so much more efficient.
him.  He won’t.)  My brain, flooded with hormones, bends to biology.  I step into the spray of the shower and let the water sluice over my sensitive skin.  There is only one solution, however inelegant: take myself in hand and find release.
For a moment John was afraid Owens would refuse.  He looked wary, his thin face creased with apprehension, but then he nodded.
“Litterer.”
John’s first weeks at the clinic went fairly well.  Sarah Sawyer was pleasant as well as competent, and John hoped that maybe he’d find the courage to ask her out for dinner sometime.  The mornings were fairly busy, too, and he’d forgotten that while general practice lacked the intensity of field trauma, it presented its own set of challenges (like trying to see into a toddler’s mouth or convincing an embarrassed teen to confess he’d had rather a lot of unprotected sex).
“My brother.  Tall annoying git.”  His eyes narrowed.  “Mycroft Holmes.  Did he send you?”
The doorknob turned, the door opened, and John was met with a nearly-naked Sherlock.  John couldn’t help it.  The laugh bubbled up from somewhere deep inside him and he choked on it when he saw Sherlock’s eyes - the man was truly distraught.  This was so not how he pictured seeing Sherlock’s body for the first time.
“Consulting detective.  Yes.”
John found Mycroft in his office at the front of the house.  “May I speak to you?”
“I deduced your fear of snakes.  And then I told you…”
Cursing, John fumbled with his cane and the door handle and managed to get inside without dropping the tray --or himself--on the floor.
He was struck by the urge to share something with her, something to thank her for fixing his finger, something to ameliorate some of the pain of being rejected by a man who maybe was incapable of love altogether.  Then, he knew.
,” Moriarty leers.  “May I hold it?”
“What
“He rode in the rain for four hours?”  John laughed.  Of course Sherlock did.
“Could be.”
He’d nearly fallen asleep again when she returned with the water.  It was incredibly cold.  He licked his lips and swallowed a few times.  His memory was starting to come back to him, albeit slowly, the images blurry.  He was shot.  Yes, shot, in the shoulder, and the leg.  He managed to look down at it where it was covered with a white blanket.  “How bad is my leg?” he asked.  The prospect of being wheelchair-bound was suddenly terrifying.
“John,” breathes Sherlock, nervous and needy.
“What?  You mean Molly?”  John laughed softly, toying with the flower stem.  “I’m not in love with Molly Hooper, Sherlock.”
But there it was; it hadn’t gone after all.  He was still John.  Sherlock was still Sherlock.  The Earth was still orbiting the sun and everything would be OK.
They had been sipping at a bottle of 1993 Chateau Margaux straight from the bottle as they bid their farewells to every room in Holmes Hall, beginning with Mycroft’s office.  John had suggested giving every room its own toast, and somewhere between their exploration of the coatroom and the chase around the snooker table, they had crossed the line from being sober and fairly fatigued into tipsy and downright exhausted.
Lestrade knew enough to leave it alone.  “So, um, you two, eh?  ‘Bout time, really.  What’s next for you?”
*In my search for a proper scandal, I found the story of Henry Paget, the 5th Marquess of Anglesey.  The scandal I wrote in this paragraph is essentially his, although I did add the homosexual bit.
“For science, of course.”
“Was there anyone who disliked him?  May have had a reason to wish him harm?”
“Indeed,” Sherlock acceded.  “Sex and crime are frequently related.  I have studied, intensely.  Pornography is so dreadfully boring and sex crimes are frankly disturbing.  What’s in my mind is not pleasant or personal.  We must rectify that.”
Gray-green eyes met dark blue, and the walls of Willow Cross’ premium honeymoon suite rang with childish laughter.
The spell was broken.
“I’m betting something very chemically similar to MDMA but in extremely concentrated form.  I’m guessing our late night interloper was Robert Leybourne, Pfizer chemist and Lillian’s secret lover...”
“I’m a good doctor.”
John wrapped an arm around Sherlock’s torso to help keep him upright - he could feel him beginning to shake with the strain of being supported by one arm as Sherlock’s hand abandoned their testicles to jerk himself off in earnest.  John couldn’t see it, but knowing what Sherlock was doing sent a shiver of pleasure directly to his balls.  He wasn’t going to last.
“Oh!  Of course.  Just a moment.”
“No idea,” said Sherlock, shrugging.  John tried his best to look blank.
John was attempting to steer a troupe of interior designers through the east wing.  Anthea, who was running behind, had sent a long list of directions and entrusted John with the task of getting them to their assigned rooms.  John couldn’t imagine why anyone would need to employ people to rearrange furniture.  One older man was an antique dealer and was tagging artefacts to be put up for auction; most pieces, however, would simply be sold with the home.  Neither Mycroft nor Sherlock seemed to want any of it.  John had grown rather attached to his own comfortable bed and wondered whether it would be appropriate if he should ask to buy it for himself.
“Yes, John?”
It was midnight once Sherlock completed his latest rearrangement of Mycroft’s office.  He’d removed a large painting of Venice and taped up (you can’t poke holes in the wood, Sherlock, no) everything he considered relevant to the case.  John looked at the wall and realised there really wasn’t much to go on.  What good could a consulting detective do when there was no evidence, no suspects?
A gift?  Sherlock, so far, had only given genuine gifts.  He rarely gave them on holidays where gift-giving was usually obligatory, but occasionally they would appear: rare imported tea, an antique anatomy text, a Treat Box from Patisserie Valerie (which he actually let John enjoy without making snide commentary about his caloric intake or stealing half of it for himself.)   John would ask why, and Sherlock would shrug and simply say, “I knew you would like it,” and John did.  For as many times as Sherlock put him in precarious, dangerous, or embarrassing positions, he had yet to completely fail at gift-giving.  Trusting Sherlock Holmes with a homemade chemical solution, however, was another thing entirely.
“What’s happened this time?” John asks, tucking the phone between his cheek and shoulder as he sorts through test results and hospital reports.  He’s swamped and has no time for Sherlock’s shenanigans.
John cracked his knuckles before reaching for the door.  He inched it open as quietly as possible.  Just to look, just to see.  Sherlock and the man were talking close together midway down the alley. John exhaled a shaky breath, so very relieved that he didn’t interrupt anything sexual, for if he’d seen Sherlock on his knees for that man, he probably would have vomited.
“Oh yeah,” he said to himself as the next group of birds took to the sky. “Oh yeah.”
John felt a swell of pride.  Protecting Sherlock from himself was an arduous and often annoying task, but he still remembered when they met, when he had, without even thinking, shot a man who intended Sherlock harm.  “You’re an idiot,” he had told Sherlock.  John was right in his own deduction that Sherlock risked his life to prove his own intelligence, but, as a man who’d risked his own life to prove his bravery, devotion, and skill, they could be idiots together.
Alas, it was not to be.  For when he finally took his break, Mycroft Holmes was waiting for him in the reception area.
“There are so many things I want to say to you,” Sherlock murmured.  “And I have no idea how.  I don’t even think I have the words.”
“And how did it end?” he asked.
“Cheeky,” replies Moriarty, abandoning the horn and crossing the room to stand in front of Sherlock.  Sherlock is glad the madman is away from his tuba, but now there’s the more disconcerting feeling of having him directly in his physical space.
“Don’t worry, John, I think you will find this case,” said Mycroft, his mouth quirking in a very Holmsian expression, “relaxing.  If Sherlock solves it in ample time, that is.  Do try to enjoy yourself.  I will, of course, cover your expenses.”
“Why?”
“Mmmm,” Sherlock said, leaning forward again to nudge at John’s ear.  “I’m aroused,” he said quietly.  The inticing words traveled into John’s ear and went straight to his groin, where his already straining prick leaped against his trousers.  “I’d nearly forgotten what it feels like.”
something about it.”
“Seriously?”
Outside, rain began to fall.
“You didn’t need to.”
Something about the tone of the postman’s voice suggested he wasn’t thrilled at the news.  It made John bristle. “Yeah,” he said curtly and handed the clipboard back to Owens.
Jesus God,
Sherlock shrugged and his face twitchd, eyes drifting shut - he’d gone to the Mind Palace.  Nothing to do but wait - and watch.  Apparently whatever Sherlock had stored in there about hair removal was not much; he returned to himself after a moment and frowned.
lips like that?  John wondered what they’d look like wrapped around his cock.  Gorgeous.  Fucking gorgeous.
The robin came and pecked at the earth that John had turned up, obviously having found something juicy, which it snapped up before landing on the birdbath again.
The answer slammed into his mind with such force that he actually gasped: tiny, thin needles / acupuncture / no visible puncture marks / euphoria-ecstasy-MDMA / addiction-withdrawal / Mrs. Jenkins / nine-vials-not-ten / pills-and-potions / robert-bobby / big-fish / ambition / murder / SHERLOCK.
John couldn’t help but grin.  He kept eating albeit very slowly.  He’d take a bite, chew, swallow, look around a bit, fiddle with his phone.  Time ticked on.  He should have brought up the paper.
It was still somewhere in Sherlock’s room, John thought, even now, maybe folded and nestled up next to his sock index.  It had caught Sherlock’s tears, real ones, not those he conjured forth for the purposes of manipulation.  Genuine tears, and John simply couldn’t ask for it back.  That square of cotton had been changed, transformed, touched by a god.  He was no longer worthy.
“And I have so many questions.  Some concerns,” he continued.
Mr. Campbell frowned, then shrugged as if glad not to have to keep up appearances.
John carries those words with him for the rest of his life.
John heaved a breath and squeezed his eyes closed.  He was home.  He’d lost his entire team, but he was still alive, and in one piece.  That was something.
When John came out, he risked a glance into the room across from the kitchen.  The small sitting room had an entire wall dedicated to books; Owens was clearly an avid reader.
“I need to have a look at Lillian’s office, and I think you, John, really should find out what’s inside ‘The Fountain of Youth.’”
“Yes!  You weren’t kidding about the cheekbones, were you?”  She smiled and raised her eyebrows a bit. “He’s out in the gardens, I think.  Came through here like a whirlwind a while ago.  Hasn’t been back in since.  I do hope you’re enjoying yourselves.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I know.  It’s just that...sometimes I just look at her and see Mary.  And I can’t tell if that’s a good thing or not.”
“Take what I wanted.”
John had managed to suppress most rational thoughts for a good deal of time.  It wasn’t initially difficult -- it’s hard to think of much at all when the object of your sexual fantasies has his tongue in your mouth -- but during one breathing break John’s brain switched back online to this particular thought:  I am kissing Sherlock Holmes, and the world is still going around.  It was only then that he opened his eyes and found he had to refocus them.
Sally gave John a quizzical look.  “I haven’t a clue.”
He parted ways with Mike and made it back to the hotel, feeling more peaceful than he had in ages.  After a shower, he turned down his bed and attempted to read.  But for some reason his eyes wouldn’t stay on the page, but kept flitting over to his mobile.
Adrenaline coursed through John’s body.  He drank the last of his water and made a show of checking his watch.  Surely Sherlock would have had time to escape by now?
But no, that’s not quite it, he thinks.  It’s not a place that is
John groaned and wondered how he was going to stuff himself back into his trousers without coming.
He said it with such conviction that it wasn’t romantic or overly sentimental, just a simple fact.  John was quite sure, as he watched Sherlock finish dressing, that he had never before wanted so badly to take someone to bed.  Soon, very soon, he would strip Sherlock of his clothes, turn off his glorious brain, and make him feel everything John was feeling.  For someone who said he couldn’t speak the language of emotion, Sherlock was quickly becoming remarkably fluent and John was finding his words rendered useless, stuck in his throat.  That’s OK.  His tongue could still speak a loving language that did not require the use of his larynx.
John smiled.  Sneaking around a spa at night.  Now
“Go on,” encouraged John.
He’s trying to think of what to say, sitting there with Sherlock looking more distressed each passing moment, when the waiter interrupts with the bill.  Sherlock blinks himself back to the present and reaches for his wallet.  John lets him pay.  They meet each other’s eyes.
Second, I MIGHT be convinced to write a few “deleted scenes” from this fic, but I don’t foresee writing a sequel or anything.  It stands on its own.
“Was he taking antidepressants?”
John didn’t even have to think about it.  “Absolutely.”
One look at Mycroft spurred me into action.  I took an oyster from their impressive display on ice and carried it carefully back to the table where we had been seated (everyone had gone about mingling.  Boring.)  Upon further investigation, I found the oyster looked horribly revolting, which meant it was decidedly
, John thought to himself,
“I don’t usually like to be touched,” said Sherlock one day after John had casually touched his shoulder.  Sherlock was sitting at his computer, back ramrod straight, reading an online chemistry journal.  John had put his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder to reach past him and grab his phone, which Sherlock had purloined – again.
“Yeah, sure.  But there’s a difference between being careful and systematically shutting off all emotion.”
“Don’t,” John replied, still looking at the book.
“John’s told me all about you,” he said to Sherlock as they made their way into the building.
“I suppose I’d best explain myself.”
“No, not me.  My father only preyed on the weak.”  Her eyes grew flinty and she pursed her lips in distaste.
John says I am simply gifted with sharper senses than most.  That, and unusual intelligence.  He may be right on both counts.
Blur.
“What?”
weird.  Who records themselves and delivers messages from beyond the grave?   “There were a lot of things we never said to each other,” he admits.  “When she died, there were…things I’d never told her.  We didn’t know each other as well as we thought we did.”
John had developed a pounding headache by the time all was said and done (headbutting perhaps was not the best idea), and it was nearly 1am before they headed back to Holmes Hall.  He was exhausted and feeling emotionally adrift.  He held on tight to Sherlock as they rode, afraid that he would fall asleep and topple off the bike.  He had been so concerned, worried almost to the point of sickness at the thought of Sherlock being romantically involved with someone, and he had felt so fiercely protective, righteously furious when Sherlock’s cheek split open.
“Oh.  Right.  Sorry,” he apologized.  John was touchy by nature; he hadn’t even realized he’d done it.  That would explain a lot.  He’d seen Sherlock eschew handshakes, and there were few people, if any, whom John thought would actually
“Miles.”
Lestrade leaned in conspiratorially.  “Want me to dig up a cold case or two?”
John furrowed his eyebrows.  “You think one of the gardeners did it, then?”
“Playmates!  She hates you!”
, from his skull to his toes.
“What?”
John nodded. He felt groggy and smelled of antiseptic and stress.  Nothing hurt too badly -- yet.  He was still disoriented, though.  He tried to remember.  There was that kid, Smith, and his leg and been reduced to pulp; he needed a tourniquet, fast, and then pain in his shoulder, and he called for...
“Hey John,” Lestrade called after him.  “Your hair is gorgeous!”
The dog barked and ran forward, stopping in front of John, tail wagging and tongue out.  John reached down to stroke its head.
“Too distinguished.”
Something didn’t
It’s not like John himself was the model of civilised behaviour: John knew he had anger management problems.  He, too, struggled with depression.  And so far he had a rather dismal track record with serious, long-term relationships.  He feared commitment.  And, if he were really honest with himself, he’d admit that he was slightly afraid of having a public relationship with another man, of having to deal with bigots who couldn’t keep their mouths shut.  He’d never imagined himself waking up in bed with another man, or watching late-night telly together, or bickering over whose turn it was to buy the milk when they were 75.
A few hours later when John returns home, Sherlock plays it for him.
There are hundreds of compositions.  He chooses: a piece for a dangerous woman.
guy, some smug, fit, tattooed punk who thought he was better than everyone else!  The barman said something to a co-worker, smiled lewdly at Sherlock, and together the two of them disappeared out the back.
“So I wondered, if you could spare the time, if you could show us around your spa.  Mycroft has said so much about it.  We’d just like to learn a bit more before we dive right in.  You know, get a behind-the-scenes look.  That is, if you don’t mind.”
look, the way that beautiful little hole of yours takes me...you’re all stretched out like that...like I’m
John finished eating and texted Navya, who was going to arrange a distraction for Melissa that would allow John to, hopefully, slip into Lillian’s office unseen.  Appointments changed on the hour, so by ten past, all the therapists would be engaged elsewhere, and Navya swore that she could get Melissa hooked on an internet chat about her date.
John flicked the catches with a finger.  Something sparkled inside.  Curious, he opened the lid as Mrs. Hudson looked fondly at the contents.
“Perhaps the object of your affections is also wondering the same things.”
that man - interrupted us.  In an instant I am back in that warm, wet space, my arms full of John, his lips on mine, his hardness against my belly.
John swallowed against unfounded hurt.  “I’m not intellectually stimulating to you,” he said.
I do not ask any more delight, I swim in it as in a sea.
“You hurt his feelings, I’d reckon.”
“Sorry,” she said, swallowing.
“Mrs. Hudson decluttering, then?”
“I’ve deleted most of what I studied about literature.  Not usually very handy for solving crimes.  Lucky for me, John here is quite the reader.”
John snorted.  “Yeah?  And what quack gave you that?”
John didn’t want to pry, so he kept his mouth shut as they walked along.
John sighed, relaxing.  He loved it when Sherlock played with his testicles; they were just as sensitive as his cock, and he loved them fondled, rubbed, and, sometimes, gently pulled.  He loved the feeling of Sherlock’s on his when they’d simply lie on one another and move, or when he was behind Sherlock, fucking him, the way their bollocks would slap together before they grew high and tight in preparation for orgasm.
John agreed wholeheartedly.  He had envisioned some frilly women-only terrain.  This was nothing he could have imagined.  No wonder his ex was so keen to come, or why Mycroft was a regular.  He would never mock the man for that again.
“No.”
“Do you remember what year, Mrs. Sandhurst?” Sherlock asked, suddenly interested.
Sherlock said nothing, just stood there, looking at the two rocks until John pocketed them and put his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder.  “Are you OK?”
Sherlock held out an arm.  John held his wrist gently.  Pulse slightly elevated, nothing too alarming.  The man really did have gigantic hands.  “Look.  Why don’t you get cleaned up?  Get this,” he gestured to the bowl, “out of here, and try to have a cup of tea with lots of sugar.  Get your blood sugar back up a bit.  You have clean sheets in here somewhere?”
John slept alone in Sherlock’s bed that night.  Sherlock agreed to eat breakfast the following morning, but spent most of the day alone, crossing names off his list and rearranging his evidence wall.  He pored over the police reports before deciding to research ladders.  Around noon they both went into the garden to see if Sherlock could recreate the crime scene.  Mycroft, at his mother’s request, had got rid of the original ladder (“Stupid,” Sherlock bemoaned), so they hauled out the three that Lestrade kept in the garage and tested them for stability.
“Fine!” Sherlock yelled after a small eternity.  “Fine.  Toast.  I’ll eat the toast.”
“Brünnhilde,” he says.
John lay on the bed, flipping through the beautifully-bound book that detailed the history of the estate, the grounds, and the spa.  After booking a dinner reservation for six o’clock, he’d opened the windows and a breeze filled the spacious room with a subtle spring sweetness.  It would be perfectly idyllic if Sherlock’s angry voice wasn’t coming through the wooden door that separated the bathroom (which was larger than John’s room at Baker Street) from the suite proper.
Prostate stimulation was right out.
A few hours after they ate, John was busy sorting rocks and pebbles.  He’d laid a bin bag down in a utility room by the rear entrance to the west wing that was usually used for boots, coats, umbrellas and other outdoor wear; carefully emptied the boot; and begun cleaning the rocks of algae and sorting them into piles by size.  The largest were the size of eggs, the smallest, peas.  It was a simple yet painstaking task, and he was nearly finished when Sherlock appeared at the doorway holding the other boot.
John raises his eyebrows. He’s very much aware of their respective ages.  They’ve both aged well, he reckons.  Yes, his hair is completely silver, and his beard, when he wears one, is more grey than the auburn it once was, but he hasn’t gained much weight.  He’s still active and in good health.  His teeth are good.  Women still look at him.  Frequently.  And Sherlock?  He wears glasses now and his hairline has receded a bit, but it’s still as thick and curly as it ever has been.
“With jam.”
“No.  Just happened to be passing through.  I’m a doctor.  John Watson.”
Meanwhile, Sherlock was putting his brain through a regular workout, attempting to identify Thames river crossings between Kew and Tower Bridge by reference to the chemical composition of sludge and silt at each site.
John laughed.  “That’s not flirting.  It’s manipulation.  Look, Sherlock, I’ve got us this far, alright?  Trust me.  Bodies, remember.
John manages a smile.  They have each other.  “I’m afraid you’re stuck with me,” he says.
“Jesus, Sherlock,” he gasped when he found his breath, “muff…” (gasp) is a common slang word for…” (gasp).
Sherlock’s prick was nestled right above his arse, and John could feel Sherlock’s large hands were roaming down his sides and over his hipbones, getting closer and closer to where he wanted them the most (had they really spent all that time without actually touching the goods with their hands?) and he was almost ready to turn his brain back off when something caught his attention -- a faint light flicking on at the opposite end of the pool area, where the reception area and offices were.
Grumbling, Anderson went about separating the witnesses and began taking their statements.  Most of Barbara’s fellow teachers sat on the ground, nursing water bottles and wiping themselves off with towels provided by the event marshalls.  Sherlock avoided Anderson and talked to each witness separately.  One he skipped completely.  John couldn’t hear what he was asking them, but he was amused by the facial expressions they made in response.  Further away, racers were towelling off, still screeching and hooting.  Some had even started to leave.
He shook Mike’s hand.  “Looking for a job.”
“I wouldn’t say so.  But you know, they threw a summer party once.  It seemed as if the entire village showed up.  A real community event.”
, periodicals for women-of-a-certain-age, month-old copies of
“Hey,” he called, catching up.  “Discretion, remember?”
Sherlock’s presence there, feel his eyes on his face, his feet, roving over his body, could practically
John is out there, waiting.  I think he loves me.  And soon, so very soon, he’ll show me just how much.  I hope we ruin that bed.
Blink.
Sherlock grimaces. “Honestly, I’m not sure I feel all that well.”
Sherlock wiggled his bare toes on the carpet and closed his eyes.
At the cusp of puberty, I remember only feeling mildly confused as to how anything that was turgid, swollen, engorged, and throbbing would make sexual reproduction appealing.  I knew turgid (rigor morits) and swollen (the creek near our home) and engorged (leech) and throbbing (nose after being punched by Lucas Thompson in the third form) as words only to describe more unsavoury characteristics.  From what I could gather from my sophomoric cousins, throbbing penises were supposed to be proud of and somehow produced sexual pleasure.  Mine, as of then, had been nothing more than a tool to aid urination and an occasional morning irritance.  I sincerely hoped it would never throb.
My dog went blind.  Sniffed his way to my side, licked my hand, my neck.  Nosed my crotch, panted laboured breaths into it.  He should have died there, in my lap, not in some sterile veterinary surgery.  I was his home; I was his master.
“He said you were home,” Owens said to Sherlock.  “He kept going on and on about you, how proud he was of you, how you were so clever, were doing so well at school, how interesting your experiments were.  It’s an unfair world, Mr. Holmes.  Do you know what I would have given to have a father like yours?  One who looked at me as yours looked at you?  My father thought I was filth!  And you were treasured.  You had everything you ever wanted or needed, but you didn’t even care!”
“Your socks.”
“He blames me, you know,” he said.  “For what happened to my father.”
“Well, I know what’s going on in my stomach, genius.”
The rest of the photos he’d taken that night were deleted the following morning, but this one -- this one John’s kept.  He’s somewhat embarrassed he keeps a photo of Sherlock’s arse on his phone, but his kink is stronger than his shame.  It’s not the curve of Sherlock’s back, albeit lovely, that makes John’s heart beat out of his chest.  It’s not his long, strong legs, or his smooth, soft skin.  It’s not his cock, either, which John loves dearly and suckles without a hint of bashfulness.
“Well, then you’re both daft.  You two have been in a
Sherlock’s nervous system lit up like a Christmas tree and his penis, which had been lying there flaccid, twitched in interest.  So much for science.
“A little garden,” mused John.
The flush of the angry woman’s face faded a bit, and she laughed dryly.  “I thought he was some kind of...sick voyeur.  He told me he was writing an article for a contemporary women’s magazine about men’s opinions of women’s personal grooming.  He said he had a few questions and wanted to do a write-up of the spa.  Then - boom - he’s got his nose in everyone’s business!  Then he told me about...” She blushed.  “Never mind.”
“Politeness can be useful,” said Sherlock, shrugging out of his leather jacket.  “People are so easily manipulated.  A few pleases and thank yous and puppy dog eyes can work wonders.”
“No.  It’s for Lestrade.”
Sherlock made a distasteful face.  “Not really my area.”
“It’s...not something that’s ever troubled me before, but I’ve been led to believe that it might be an issue.”
“Shut up,” said John, blinking back tears.  “You’re making me cry.”
“I’m going to kiss you now,” said Sherlock, and he did, quite thoroughly, until John was a bit breathless and, once again, hard as a rock.  “You know,” he said, pulling away from John’s mouth, “you have completely underestimated vanilla.”
“No, Dr. Watson.  I
“I know you’re wondering,” said Mr. Chapman quietly when they reached the front door.  “It hasn’t been easy for us.  We knew long ago, before we married.  But then Evie died, then Susan.  By then...what did it matter anymore?”  His eyes grew misty and distant.  “But it will be different for you, I think.  If it’s right, you’ll know it.”
“You really want to know, don’t you?” Sherlock suddenly asked, sounding somewhere between self-conscious and smugly amused.
He licked his lips.  The air tasted different, more humid.  The constant presence of his vest and pack was strangely missing.  His left hand twitched.  “Where’s my rifle?”
“Nothing yet, although I did think I was being fairly forward.”
“So,” said John, breaking the awkward moment, “he could remove his body hair for aesthetic purposes.  Or sexual purposes.  That doesn’t explain why he’s dead.”
“We’re just going to mess it all up again,” said Sherlock, emerging from the bathroom as John finished the precise corners.
“That was nice,” John said to Sherlock, “about Navya.”
No-one noticed.
“Sherlock, I know you haven’t been...quite you...this week, but this is just bizarre.”
“I’m heading back to London today,” said Mycroft.  “Please proceed with caution.”
Sherlock gave John a look.  “He feels it is his duty to protect me from myself.  I suppose, however, he’s relented a bit.”
Sherlock huffs out a breath and his lips squeeze together.  “Ours,” he manages.  “To use.  For.”  He flaps a hand.  “Us.  To go to.  Maybe live in one day.  If you want.”
“Is this the part you tell me to back off because it’s nothing to do with me, or the part where you assume the role of protective big brother?”
Sherlock was particularly fond of rimming and was stunningly good at it.  John had done it a dozen or so times with his previous female lovers, and the few times one of his partners had been kinky enough to reciprocate didn’t last for very long.  Sherlock, though.  Sherlock would keep licking and sucking for ages --until his jaw had to ache and his face was covered with saliva-- and enjoy every moment.  And God help him if it wasn’t the sexiest, most thrilling thing they’d done in the bedroom so far.
“He loves me.”
She pursed her lips and shook her head.  “I know what your mother thought about your pursuing the matter.  But I suppose with her gone now, too, there’s no harm in it.  Do you really think he was murdered, Sherlock?  Still?  After all this time?”
James took a moment to breathe.  “What did I do?” he asked, still sitting there with his hands up.  “Is he...” he nodded toward the door.  “Did I...?”
Sherlock’s smile faded, and so did the sparkle he’d had in his eyes moments before.  “I didn’t say I didn’t negotiate,” he said, quietly.  “Nothing’s ever free.”  He sipped his coffee and looked out the window.
I’ve learned the perfect depth, and usually one finger is all he needs, but this morning I’m going to dare two.  He’s taken himself in hand, so I take a moment to share my oil, pouring some in his palm and watching it run down his shaft as he spreads it over the crown.  He plays with his foreskin, pulling up and then pushing down again.  I’m sitting between his legs, and I can feel the soft hair on his legs against my own.
John thought at him.
“Right again.”
“I can see why your prices are so exorbitant,” he said, but not with malice.
John bid Mr. Chapman goodbye, tucked the books into his backpack, and spent the entire train ride to Leeds wondering what happened to Archibald Holmes.
Sherlock smiles.
When they first met, John spent a not inconsiderable amount of time trying to work out whether his new flatmate had any kind of sexuality whatsoever.  Perhaps the impeccably groomed detective deemed acts of kissing and fellatio...or the inevitable messiness of anal play...as unhygienic or too intimate.
“It was a long time ago.”
John felt his face flame, but he didn’t deny it.
“They are,” John agreed.  He liked the look of braces himself, although he rarely had any occasion to wear them.  What would Sherlock look like all suited up?  Good Lord.
“Perhaps he is too selfish and too much of an arsehole to really navigate one with any chance of long-term success.  Perhaps he knows there are dark places inside himself that would be impossible to share.  And perhaps he has never felt this way before, not really, and has no idea how to proceed with his unprecedented emotions.  Bothersome, that.  His genius does not extend beyond the realm of the cerebral.  He does know he feels, though, and deeply.  Perhaps he, too, fears rejection, of spoiling something he considers...precious.”
_________________________________________________
“No, he didn’t do that anymore once I was born, though I’m sure Sally’s older sisters must have had that experience.  He was too busy with me, I suppose.  He was an exceptionally doting father.”
Before he knew it, it was the end of March, and the leaves were budding and the snowdrops and bluebells were pushing their way out of the ground.  Lestrade, in his spare time, showed John various gardens on the property, naming off plant after plant and when it was expected to bloom.  John couldn’t follow.  He knew very little about green and growing things, but there seemed to be something very satisfying in gardening, something very masculine and natural, more sweat and hard work than he’d expected, and John decided to maybe learn a bit so he could help out.  Mrs. Hudson had a vase of various sorts of daffodils on the kitchen table one day, prompting John to take out his phone and attempt to identify them.  Mrs. Hudson, amused, brought him a book on basic gardening from the upstairs library and he took to reading it on the train.
“If you want to help, bring me cigarettes,” he said irritably.  “And if you see my brother, tell him I’m leaving in three days and he’d better not have taken the keys to my flat.”
Two and a half hours later, John arrives to find 221B silent.  Speedy’s is in full operation, and no mysterious noises are coming from the first floor.
“We’ve only recently been on speaking terms again,” said Sherlock.  “We’re trying to reconcile old differences.  This is his way of apologising, I imagine.”
“Yes.”
Unmoving, John stayed in his position, half-hidden by the roses that flanked the VIP entrance, and watched.  Sherlock swam an effortless crawl for another five minutes, back and forth across the pool without stopping, before hoisting himself up over the far side.
Sherlock smirks.  “The piccolo.”
“Yeah,” said John.  “Every day.”  He wanted to say more, he really did, but the words were stuck.  Lestrade seemed to understand, though, and so they worked in fairly companionable silence for the rest of the afternoon.  By the time they cleared the entire bed and carted the mess over to the compost heap, John was sore and sweaty and felt wonderful.  He ate a cold supper by himself, took a swim, and then retired to his room where he composed a short but rather funny (he thought, anyway) entry about spring fever in his blog.
“Oh, yes.  I started coming to her about two months ago.  I have never felt so well.”
After making Sherlock promise to wake him should he find anything of interest, John went to sleep in his own room for the first time in a week.  His bed was familiar and cosy, and he slept soundly until he heard the door open.
“You mean there’s something you honestly don’t know?” John asked softly, trying to lighten the mood.
He had to let his right hand abandon Sherlock’s testicles in favor of leverage, and soon he found himself simply
John finished undressing, hanging his trousers and shirt in the wardrobe and stashing his socks inside his shoes, before sitting on the treatment table.  Sherlock had taken to poking his nose into every bottle he could find.
“She is.  Point?”
John gave up trying to define it.
Mrs. Hudson squared her shoulders and pointed the spatula at him.  “Young man,” she said sternly, “I’m not sure what you thought you saw or heard.  But there was no one screaming and I simply thought that you might have a healthy appetite.”
Sherlock did his best to look put out.  “I wouldn’t.”
“Jesus, you’re gorgeous,” he croaked out, amazed that such a sight sent his blood to boiling.  He was going to say that he didn’t know what to do, but he
Before his relationship with great detective of 221B Baker Street finally spilled into the realm of the romantic and sexually intimate, John’s experience with sex aids began and ended with a silk-scarf blindfold and his now-absent pair of faux-fur handcuffs.  But John didn’t become a skilled army medic without the ability to learn new skills on the battlefield.  Even though he found it initially somewhat embarrassing, within two weeks of opening Sherlock’s X-rated toy cupboard he’d learned how to give as good as he got with the dildo, appreciate the fullness of a butt plug, and enjoy the intensity of a vibrating cock ring.
He took the shotgun from the wall and sat at the desk that was obviously placed there for cleaning the weapons.  It felt odd to hold a gun again; the shotgun was heavier than he remembered his rifle being.  It had been a long time since he’d fired anything that wasn’t army-issued.  The desk held everything he’d need to tend to a firearm.  Methodically, he took it apart, inspected it, oiled it up, and then rubbed it down with a soft cotton cloth until it shone.
“You really do.  But not yet.  Give us a snuggle.”
“Good.  Look what she did!”  he repeated.
“Two.  And no more.”  John handed Sherlock two patches, which he promptly unpeeled and stuck to the inside of his forearm.  He closed his eyes and inhaled deeply and looked like he was in the throes of ecstasy.  Then he collapsed in John’s chair in front of the fireplace.
Mycroft frowned.  “Is that what he suggested?”
I’ve been breathing hard, so I close my mouth to swallow and wet my lips and I taste him there, taste his arse on my face and that’s it, I’m off.
“Are you getting in, John?” he asked the ceiling.
“I’m sorry if it’s frustrating.”  He swallowed.  As much as he would hate to leave, maybe Sherlock needed some space.  “Do you want me to go...”
I let him up so he can urinate.  He doesn’t clean his teeth, but promptly returns and snuggles back into me.
“Oh thank heavens,” Sherlock said, letting go and turning to Owens.  “I thought he’d gone and got himself lost again.  Ever since the accident he hasn’t quite been himself.”
“Maybe you should.  Look,” said John, poking at the sausages, “I’ve got an idea.”  He spelled it out to Mrs. Hudson, who raised her eyebrow.
“He gets in such moods!”
“It’s fine,” said John around a mouthful of egg.  “Nice, really.  Quiet.  Peaceful.”
“Wax. My, um...”
As they made their way to the exit, John saw the robin again, just as it had been before, perched on Sherlock’s ledge.
Setting his concerns aside, John relaxed his body and resumed his gentle stroking.  “Helping you think?”
“Oh, there’s no need for that,” said Mr. Chapman to his friend.  “John’s sweet on Sherlock Holmes.”
“...wrong, Sherlock, you’re wrong…”
“You know,” says John suggestively as they break apart, “I have a tonguing technique of my own.”
She smiled apologetically.  “I supposed I’m not.  That’s why I’m here, of course.”  John gave her a questioning look.  “For the ‘Fountain of Youth.’  Silly name, I know.  But it’s the only thing that seems to make me relax.  I’ve been so incredibly stressed out and Lillian is so good.  I must look a mess.”
Her face does this thing that it does when she’s going to say something he’s not going to like.  She steels herself, and then lets him have it.  “You already do date.  You’ve been dating my whole life.”
“I’ll be his...assistant, I guess.”
Sherlock shrunk back.
_____________________________________________________________
“The dustmen?”
“You know that the French horn is a divine instrument,” Sherlock continues.  “A man blows into it.  But God only knows what comes out of it.”
“I jumped to a very wrong conclusion.”
, he thought.
Closing his eyes, John sighed as Sherlock took him in his mouth, deep, enough to trigger his gag reflex and produce an influx of saliva, which he left there as he pulled off, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand.
John chews his lip.  “Loved,” he finally says.  “Past tense.  Very, very past tense.”  His love for Mary flared to life and burnt itself out before Rosie was even a year old.  What he feels for Sherlock, though...that has continued burning, even when it seemed that their friendship was beyond repair.  He fiddles with his ring.  It no longer spins easily on his finger.  Even if he took it off, his finger would be misshapen for a long time.  He should get it cleaned, polished.  Maybe resized.  Worthy of the person he still wears it for.
“Yeah, yes, thanks, got that.  Oh God, you have sex toys?”
“Mmnf.”
Sherlock’s carefully schooled features twisted, nostrils flaring.  He looked positively furious, twin spots of colour blossoming on his cheeks. He swallowed, once, twice, his mouth working.  “How
“It’s exceedingly juvenile.  They’re ruining the aesthetic.  No one told me about this.”
“Should I take it off?” he asks, half to himself, half to his daughter.
“You should have.  Awfully easy job for you.  Poke your head in once a day to see me withering away to nothing in here.  Day after day in an endless cycle of
“Sentiment.”
“John Watson?” inquired a posh-sounding female voice.
I love it.
amazing.
“Whatever you want, Sherlock. That feels lovely.”
John held his torch steady.  All he saw was earth and rhododendron bushes.
“Mmm, yes,” said Sherlock, sidling up to John and kissing his temple.  “He is lucky.  He has me.”
Mycroft stared at him.  John stared back.
“Hello, Sherlock?” he said loudly when his own voicemail answered.  Maybe Sherlock was close enough to hear him.  “I got a puncture on the way to the shops.  Are you busy?  Can you pick me up?”  Pause. “You can?  Thanks!  Bye!”
A crew of builders were re-plastering the ceilings in several rooms, whilst another team wrestled with electrical fittings and repaired ancient sash windows.  Mrs. Hudson baked biscuits for the whole lot of them.  She kept the small radio on in the kitchen to hear the weather forecast and shooed John out every time he sneaked in to steal a bite of dough.
John closed his eyes, rested his head against Sherlock’s back.  Listened to the sound of the engine, its rumble and purr.  Felt his body lean with Sherlock’s as they wound between the moors.  He thought about the feel of Sherlock’s face in his hands as he inspected the bit of wounded skin, how he wanted to push that tangle of curly hair out of the way so he could press a kiss to his forehead.  He thought about the close kinship he felt with the man, the way he felt alive again.  And then there was that dream.  His heart picked up speed and he felt blood pool in his groin even as they drove along in the dark.  Oh, Sherlock.
“Oh, yes,” said Sherlock, gathering his wallet and phone.  “While I find masturbation tedious and generally unsatisfying, I simply had to find sexual release, and since you were so insistent on showering alone - and in the cold, John,
_____________________________________________________
“God, I want you,” Sherlock growled, wiping his face on his arm before reaching for the floor beside the bed.  John lay there lazily, arse still in the air, smiling to himself.  He heard the flip-cap of their pricey (and preferred) silicone lube and the crinkle of a condom wrapper.
“Pity.  That would have at least been interesting.”
Dull.  Can’t you see I need you here?  Do be quiet and keep up.
“And your conclusion?”
However, just because the doctor was branching out didn’t mean that he couldn’t be shocked by unusual or particularly kinky sexual behaviour.
, he thought.
For a moment it looked like Sherlock was gearing up for a row, but then he, too, sat and folded his hands in his lap.  “I’ve upset you,” he stated.
“You have...feelings...for someone whom you believe does not return your affections or is unattainable.  Yes or no?”
The robin fluttered into the lilac tree next to the roses and eyed John suspiciously.  “Got it all figured out then?” he asked the bird, who did nothing but cock its head sideways again before flying up and out of the garden.
And then he was off, dressing in typical Sherlock fashion, all words and manic energy.
John let his eyes flutter shut.  This beat the hell out of heated pads, exercises, and that hateful rubber band.
Sherlock blinked rapidly and seemed to come back to himself.  His eyes raked over John’s face.  “Nightmare?”
“Yes, I’ve heard.  Mr. Chapman said one of your boys used to spend a lot of time with him?”
Mrs. Hudson wiped her eyes.  “You haven’t known him half as long as I have,” she said fiercely.  “And ‘addict’ is such an ugly word.  He’s usually, you know, not chasing the dragon, or whatever you say these days.  But then he gets down, bored, you see, and goes off the deep end.  We nearly lost him this time.”
“This is not my area, John,” Sherlock said as the car pulled up to the estate.  It was gorgeous, absolutely gorgeous.  Spring had finally broken through and the grounds were manicured and the trees were all flowering, the mansion looking stately and proud at the end of a long driveway.  Lines from
Sherlock stood and stretched; John saw he was still hard, and the thought filled him with a sense of pride, of power.  John stood too, brushed the remains of daisies from his trousers and dust from his rear.  He was thirsty; the early afternoon sun (and his intense arousal) making him just shy of too hot.
“I’d like five minutes with each witness,” Sherlock said.  A large shout came from over by the finish line: apparently the last of the stragglers had come in.
John is torn.  He loves his daughter, but there’s a hole in his heart that she cannot fill.
Sherlock Holmes is sitting in his favourite chair, pyjama-clad and tousled, holding an enormous tuba.  He must notice John out of his peripheral vision, since he nods, finishes the scale, and says, “Hello!” as if it were perfectly normal to be playing the tuba in the small hours of the morning.
“What is it?” John asked, all thoughts of dinner having fled.  “They’re just old boots.”
It was hot cycling into town, and the usually dark and cool pub was just as warm as the air outside.  It seemed as if the denizens of Burnett Thwaite all had the same idea: Mr. Chapman and Mr. Campbell sat playing chess at a table, both of them drinking Guinness.  Mr. Collins, the butcher, had met his wife Sue for dinner, and a dozen other locals had come together to complain about the heat and cool off with a drink.  Jackie Metcalf, the landlord, stood behind the bar, washing glasses.  John and Lestrade took a seat at the far end of the bar, ordered some crisps and two pints of Stella.  They analysed Leeds United's disastrous season while they drank and cooled down before Lestrade wiped his forehead with a serviette and said, “Mycroft told me.  About the garden.”
Next to him, Smith (too young, really, fucking
“There’s not much to this, really. You just use firm pressure, pay close attention to the arch of the foot and the toes.  Spend as much time on the top of the foot as the bottom, not too hard or too soft, but with gentle pressure.  Whereas you do the reflexology dry, I’d use some oil - not lotion - if you’re going to do this at home.  I’m going to stop talking now and let you enjoy this.”
“John?”
“Government business...”
It would have made a better story, at least, he thought sheepishly.
“And yet you’re still here.”
Sherlock shrugged, plucked at his napkin, and took a swallow of wine.  “I suppose I did.”
“I think we may be receiving company for dinner.  While I was walking, my dearest brother phoned.  He seems to find it necessary that we meet the owner.  It seems they’re rather chummy. Something to do with horses, apparently.”
Sherlock nodded, closed his eyes.
Sherlock is sitting in his chair, but he can barely keep his feet on the floor.  “He threw an APPLE in my TUBA,” he says vehemently, “AND I CAN’T GET IT OUT.”
That is not to say I cannot appreciate the more classically beautiful smells.  Women’s perfume is an exercise in chemistry (and while interesting, does nothing for my libido.)  I suppose in a way perfume is pleasant, but it has nothing on the damascenones that are responsible for the delicate aroma of the hybrid tea rose.  Mrs. Hudson’s baking, cinnamon and sugar, are enticing.  The perfume of my mother’s Crabtree and Evelyn jojoba oil hand cream comforts me.
“Done.  Anything else?”
to be touched.  He came up for air, wiping his mouth a bit on the back of his oily hand, before he was bodily hauled up the bed and soundly kissed, Sherlock’s mouth hot, wet, and still tasting of smoky whisky.
Sherlock hummed and nuzzled and worked his fingers into John’s trousers.
Sherlock stood there, stupidly, for once in his life unable to come up with something witty or clever.  “Oh, go and sit down, Sherlock,” said John, preparing himself for damage control.
The start of something beautiful... *snicker*
John chuckled.  “That’s very true.”
John nodded.  He didn’t know, but had seen Harry go through some horrible episodes.  “I’ve seen some pretty bad withdrawals.  It can be ugly.  Look,” said John, “I don’t have to work today.  Why don’t you, I don’t know, come on out of here.”
“I’m sorry, Mr. Owens,” John said.  “I think he forgot about me.  He does that, you know.  Gets tied up with something and then just…”  He shrugged his shoulders.  “I think I’ll just put up with the feet and push my bike into town.”  He stood.  “Thanks for the water.  I’ll see you.”  John was nearly at the back door when an incessant knocking came from the front of the house.
And that’s when the madness began.
, dear.”
“No, it’s not.  You’ve told me all the things you
John continued to smooth his thumb over Sherlock’s brow.
Sally reached down and pulled a book from her bag.  “This is my sister’s most prized possession,” she said, putting it on the table and touching its blue cover with her fingers.  “Please don’t ruin it.”
John woke to light -- apparently the rain had finally decided to let up.  He spent a moment cataloguing his body (the first night in any strange bed usually led to stiffness the following morning) and found himself feeling actually rather rested, despite the earlier nightmare.  He showered and shaved, put on (his own) clothes, and made his way down to the kitchen, where he assumed Mrs. Hudson --and hopefully the mysterious proprietor-- would be.
Mycroft slid a document across the desk; John read it, found everything in order, and signed.
“Nothing.”  She sits.  “Really.  Nothing you’d be interested in, at least.”
He was fairly sure he woke up with a smile on his face, warm and comfortable, in Sherlock’s bed.  John blinked a few times, rubbed the sleep from his eyes with the heel of his hand, uncurled himself and rolled over.
“Oh no.  But I should say Mycroft is right.  You will enjoy yourself, that is if we don’t make a mess of it.”
John stood and handed Greg enough to cover his share of the tab.  He held his hands out in a gesture of defeat.  “Duty calls.  Get him a case, okay?”
“I don’t understand why you’re upset, anyway,” said Sherlock after a tense moment.
“I have concluded that it would be beneficial for both us to share a flat.”
“Shut up.”
Sherlock stopped, turned around, held out his arm, and said, “Four.”
John drops his holdall and leans against the door frame.  “Mrs. Hudson rang,” he says.  “She said it’s been very quiet around here.”
“I know about Sherlock,” John said.  “I met him.”
“What should have I said instead?” Sherlock asked, opening a cabinet and finding its contents uninteresting before moving on to sniff at the candles.
“Sherlock, listen.  I worked it out.  She’s drugging people.  With the needles.  But she didn’t get a chance to do it with you.  Tell me what she did.  Everything.  We’ve got to get back downstairs; the police are here.”
Sherlock turned from the microscope, eyes flinty.  “I’ve had lovers.”
John dropped the ruse.  “Fat chance.  I’ll leave that to you.”
John stifled a yawn, inhaled deeply, and stretched his legs out, tilting his pelvis forward as he pushed Sherlock’s hand down to his groin.  “God, Sherlock.  I have no idea why my cock thinks it’s nineteen again.  I don’t think you’re going to have to do much convincing.”
They both knelt and Sherlock placed the boot next to its dirtier mate.  He picked up a few rocks and pebbles, turning them over in his hands, thinking.
I might be rutting against John’s arse.  If so, I cannot help it.  I’m always aroused in the mornings if I wake up next to him.  He wiggles a bit, then rolls onto his back and puts his arm over his eyes. I rearrange myself so I can rest my head in his armpit.
That’s not to say he doesn’t like anal play, however. He does.  Quite a bit, as it turns out.  I am rather dexterous with my fingers, and talking isn’t all my tongue is good for.
“And you couldn’t find that in Leeds?  Don’t you have a top-notch security system?”
“And no.  I told her I was going to the movies with friends.”
“I saw a tackle box in Lestrade’s garage,” John continued.  “And there are rods, too.  I don’t know how to fly fish, but I think I saw a few standard reels.  I can dig up some worms easily enough.”
“Shit.  He told Mycroft?”
.”  He was quiet for a while before he spoke again.  “Sally and I played in town, mostly.  One day at the end of the summer she invited me over to her house for supper.  I met her family.  I saw her father.  I observed.  The next day I told her what her father had been doing to her older sisters...”
“He didn’t
John wondered if it were always going to be like this, that he would have to near pinch himself to see if this were really happening, that he really was here, naked, aroused, pulse hammering away in his veins with Sherlock waiting, prone and vulnerable beneath him.  Sherlock’s arms lay limp by his sides, palms up.
“Well,” said Mrs. Hudson, straightening back up and giving the stones a few good strokes with her broom.  “I know exactly what you were thinking.  It’s about time those two get over the past and move on.  No one else was using it, and you needed a bit of earth, I’d say.  It’s good for a man to get his hands dirty.  Now then, let’s go and see about supper.”
Sherlock, as usual, was wise to get off in the shower.  John found himself getting hard - again - at an alarming rate.  What the fuck was happening to him?  He’d always had a healthy libido, but he was not a young man any more, and had learned to control his body years ago.  He laughed to himself.  He’d performed emergency tracheotomy surgery under enemy fire, neutralised a serial killer through two windows, and could even assemble a bloody IKEA bookcase in under an hour. But it seems he could no longer listen to Sherlock read someone’s life from her jacket buttons, a coffee stain, and the shape of an earring without getting a stiffy.
On one exceptionally cold day in December, Sherlock had pulled from the depths of his wardrobe a fur collar and cuffs and fastened them to his greatcoat before they headed of to the suburbs of north London on a case.  They were both half-frozen by the time they finished questioning the greenkeeper of Copper Beeches Golf Club regarding a suspicious death on the 8th tee, and when their minicab finally turned up, Sherlock hunkered down in his seat and pulled the collar up over his mouth and nose.
My orgasm rips through me.  I am in two places: here, in the shower, my toes digging into the tiny mosaic tiles of the floor as my body arcs with the power of it.  I push my cock into my stomach with the flat of my palm as I come, and it feels like it does in my mind, against John’s back as he shouts obscenities that echo off the walls and into the dark, shadowed corners of the pool area.  As I attempt to catch my breath, penis still twitching and groin tight, I realise the noise might have been me, and I might have some explaining to do when I finish.
John chuckled, and then, to punctuate it, let another one go.  If his brain supplied an image of his flatmate’s backside clad in tight wool trousers at the mention of the word “arsecheeks”, no one was the wiser.
“We just got here!  Where are you going?”
“Wait!” said Sherlock, thinking.  “No, the lesson of the story is about pride, isn’t it?  Or is it about good people and…Or was Maggie the despised plant that was mixed in with the rare, beautiful plants?”  He stopped.  “What
“Seen loads of bodies, Sherlock.  Think I can afford to miss one.”
Sherlock let out a sigh.
Refusing to meet Mycroft seemed pointless, although John hated acting as an intermediary between the man and his brother.  Mycroft would be essential in pulling certain strings they undoubtedly would need pulled, and it was his father, too, after all.
“Well, I’m binning this.  Even if I could get the, you know what, off , that oil’s never coming out.  Disgusting.”
“You’re kidding.”
“Go inside and wash.  I’ll be right there.”
“Three times. Boil wash. With bleach.”
“I need to thee the bathroomb,” said Sherlock, who turned, glared at the two of them, and left.
Sherlocked huffed a laugh.  Last time they’d been adventurous with different textures, John received a heel in the face for his attempt to tantalise his lover with a long peacock feather, which was lobbed right out of the window in frustration (and onto the street where a lucky teenage girl found it, took it home, and stuck it in a vase, completely oblivious to the fact that had tickled the bare bottom of London’s only consulting detective just moments before she picked it up.)  “The feather was a torture implement.  It deserved what it got.”
John watched as a tic appeared on Sherlock’s face, the muscle jumping in his cheek and an eyebrow quirking just so, indications that the wheels of his genius brain were rotating along some new path.  John liked that look, but also knew it would likely get them into all sorts of trouble down the road.  He’d ask him about it later.
Poise on the hips, leaping, reclining, embracing, arm-curving and tightening,
Currently, Sherlock was not thinking about John; not directly, at least.  His current activity was a line of inquiry only.  That was, at least, what he told himself.
John listened to his heart beating for a while as the room came back into focus, realising that perhaps his verbal declarations of love might have been the wrong thing to say -- confessions in the heat of the moment seemed the type of thing Sherlock would denounce as foolish sentiment.  Yet he had asked for it, had he not?  It was the truth, after all, John’s one truth, a compass point.  He wouldn’t deny it, not anymore, never again.  He had vowed that Sherlock would always know how much he was loved and treasured.  Here, in the bedroom, away from the world and unburdened by cases or boredom, those simple words were the truth of his life.
was much more dangerous.
“Indeed.  Thought you might want to take a look at some of it.  You know, if you’re feeling bored.”
“I have a low tolerance for alcohol,” Sherlock explained.  “Red wine.  It gets me every time.”
John dropped off his backpack and took another quick shower --he smelled of antiseptic-- before walking down to the kitchen.  He expected to see Mrs. Hudson bustling about, but instead there was Sherlock, carefully setting the table with silver cutlery and the Spode dinner service which was kept for special occasions.  Just two place settings, John noticed immediately.
Sherlock had said he had little hair on his chest, and from what John could gather from the time he’d seen the detective in his shirtsleeves, the short hair on his arms was fine and nearly a clear auburn.  He’d never seen Sherlock’s bare legs.  His miles of legs.  His long, lean, muscled bare miles of legs, covered in soft, fine hair...
“Um, it’s, made from several types of stone, so likely completed over several decades or even centuries.”
Meanwhile, whatever he and Sherlock were heading toward seemed to be stalled in its tracks.  They’d had a row after John found several syringes in an old tea tin while he was cleaning out the kitchen.  Sherlock denied that he was using again, was hurt that John would suspect it after Sherlock had promised he’d tell John if he were relapsing.  Sherlock didn’t make promises lightly, John knew, but simply seeing the things were enough to make him suspect.  Sherlock had yelled something about how John was “always jumping to conclusions” and angrily stormed out of the flat.
Mrs. Sandhurst was in her seventies but looked like she still spent a good deal of time making herself ‘presentable’ every morning: her hair was stylishly curled and her soft pink lipstick precisely applied.  She greeted Sherlock warmly and shook John’s hand when Sherlock introduced him as his “friend and colleague.”  She led them into a small meeting room that smelled vaguely of synthetic lily-of-the-valley.
“Not like that.”  This whole thing is so absurd.  John scrubs at his face and looks at her.
“It is my job to know things,” said Mycroft with a shrug.  “Anyway, I’d like you to sign a tenancy agreement.  I will require you for at least the rest of February, April, May, and June.  Perhaps the entire summer, if needed.”
If Sherlock was impressed by their surroundings, he didn’t let on.  John, however, was appropriately astounded.  The spa itself was an elegant building at the back of the original hall, connected to the mansion by a garden in which water cascaded from one stone pool to another.  In quiet corners, water lilies bloomed and the golden bodies of ancient koi carp swam slowly between their stalks.  The climbing roses covering the trellis that acted as a natural roof were just beginning to bloom; one or two more days of sun and the place would be a riot of colour and scent.  John was so entranced by the garden he nearly let Sherlock be the one to enter the spa first - and that was just not going to do.
“It’s got come on it now,” said John in a playful lament.  “We’ll have to take it with us.”
Navya laughed.  “If you want interesting, try the mud wrap.  Although something tells me you wouldn’t be that keen on being painted in mud and told to lie still with cucumbers on your eyes.”
“See?” chimed in Lestrade.  “Healthy.  The doctor says so.  Always listen to your doctor.”  Then, “He really doesn’t?  Ever?”  This was a serious issue.  “Why not?  I mean, what would cause that?”
He doubled back, took the main staircase down, and slowly made his way back.  The distressing and mysterious noise never repeated, however, and he passed the rest of the night wondering exactly what secrets the house held.
“Yes, yes.” Sherlock waved him off.
John went to work the next morning feeling exhausted and emotionally raw.  He hadn’t planned to fall in love, hadn’t planned to move in with someone, much less solve a decades-old murder.  Yet, like how he’d felt with the garden, the new development in his and Sherlock’s relationship seemed right, felt right.  At the risk of sounding clichéd, he supposed he felt...complete.
Sherlock gently took the book from her.  “
A gravel path wound through the garden, and John walked quietly, almost reverently, through, taking in the overgrown lilac bushes, a tangle of blossomless rose bushes, a bed where a stray allium or two exploded its purple firework above years of organic detritus.  The entire garden was overrun with weeds, long grasses that had taken root in the gravel, and small trees from wayward seeds that grew imperiously in what were once manicured beds. While occasionally a sad clump of pink or yellow flowers peered out from between the weeds, the garden was a riot of green and brown, a wild and untamed place being slowly consumed by time itself.
The sun was still shining away while John and Molly sat on a bench next to the recently-repaired courtyard fountain.  Molly had taken her shoes off and rolled up her trousers, exposing white calves and bright red socks.
Remembering what Sherlock had said about his sensitivity, he kept the pressure easy and gentle, hands sweeping over warm skin.  The oil glistened in the firelight and its subtle scent blended with Sherlock’s own.  John tried to tell himself that it was just a massage, but that was so far from the truth.  This was foreplay, and he wanted to make up for his earlier desperation.  Sherlock had taken him apart with a few kisses and John had willingly surrendered.  Now it was his turn, and he aimed to please.
“Didn’t you like it?”
“Did she ask you to come and smooth things over?”  Traitor.
“Anger.  Rage, even.  I could see a bit of it, then.  What lies just beneath the surface.  There’s a part of you that loves danger.”
Sighing, Sherlock huffed against the side of the cab.  “I don’t have much on my chest,” he pouted.
am a man.  And this man’s body finds your man’s body incredibly attractive.”  He leaned in to claim a kiss.  “Every part.  Your nose...” another kiss, “...your hands...”  another kiss, “...your legs...”  another kiss, “... and especially your hair, and everywhere it grows.
He was back at Baker Street; they had just returned from a case and were high on adrenaline and success but soaked with rain, tumbling into the living room, shedding wet clothes, wet socks sailing across the room - and then they were in bed, giggling, rubbing their cold feet together, trying to get warm - and then there was Sherlock burrowing under the duvet, his giant hands finding John’s cold feet, rubbing them - and then there was warm, slippery oil on his...
“I don’t imagine roses press particularly well,” Sherlock said.  “It wouldn’t lay flat.”
Sherlock looked mildly put out.  “You know more about me than anyone else does.”
Another petal.
John took the phone and put it back in his pocket.  “You were wrong about one thing, though.”
“Two.  Challenging.  Sloppy forensics and file mismanagement means more time researching.  Police usually give up.”
“John!” he exclaimed, before leaping up (watching Sherlock run around with the beginnings of an erection was never going to get old, John mused) and disappearing into the bathroom.  He returned with a familiar brown bottle, which he deposited into John’s hands.
“And you’re sure he died of blunt force trauma?  He wasn’t hit over the head with something?”  John scanned the medical documents: Archibald Holmes suffered from a skull fracture, and the contusions were indicative of his striking his head on a hard surface, not of being hit with a heavy object.
“Something’s on your mind,” Sherlock begins, because one must begin somewhere.
She quiets.  Her face grows concerned.  “I can help you,” she half-whispers.  “Love hurts.  I’ve never been but it’s clear to me you’ve been twice.  Always boys, Sherlock, always in love with your little friends.”
“Fuck,” he said as he collapsed.  He twitched through several aftershocks, as though his body were coming back online after a long, cold silence.  And then he did cry, great sobs, tears running down his face as he rejoiced.
Mrs. Jenkins looked affronted.  “Why, Lillian is the only one who performs ‘The Fountain of Youth’,” she said.
thought John.
suggests it was a present from a significant other, but the relationship went sour and Harry no longer cared whether the device was damaged.  He feels protective of you, hence an older brother, and he wants to stay in touch with you, which is why he gave you the phone.  Your brother also has a burgeoning alcohol problem, or did when he was going through the breakup.  See the power connection?  The tiny scuff marks?”
how to find a prostate.  I have very talented hands, and you have a gorgeous arse.”  He squeezed, causing Sherlock to moan above him.  “Budge up.  Where’d you put that oil?”
“Yes, he did.  But Sherlock was never convinced that it was an accident.”
“Do we have to keep dropping his name?” Sherlock said with distaste.
The police officer, Anderson, from his ID badge, furrowed his eyebrows.  “You’re saying someone packed a fire extinguisher with pistachio dust to fire at her during the race.  That’s utterly ridiculous.”
John set his whisky down.  He’d better not have any more, or he would fall asleep and if this were going to be his proverbial wedding night, so to speak, he was going to make sure they both remembered it.  “Can I ask you a question and have you answer it honestly?”
“Yes, we must,” agreed Sherlock.  He looked down.  “Might need to take the rug, too.”
Thankfully, a waiter arrived with a basket of steaming bread.
Home.
Sherlock rolled his eyes.  “I need your help.”
“So,” said John, “his lack of hair had nothing do to with his death.”
Sherlock scoffed beneath him and nuzzled at his ear.  “No.”  Then, softly, “Was I too rough?”
John turned, startled, and nearly ran into a heavy-set man struggling to catch up with him.  “John!  Mike Stamford.  From Barts!  I got fat, I know.   What brings you up here?”
Pushing soil away with his hands, Sherlock began to dig.  “This portion of the garden’s been redone, but I doubt someone carted all those rocks away.  It would have been easier to move what you needed to and then dump dirt over the rest.”
“Hmmph.”
“Chocolate is also delicious,” I say back.
The managed another two miles in silence before the odourous symphony began again, and with it, the giggles.
.  I think I shall conduct research tomorrow.  On the Internet,” he added in a voice he reserved for placating, eyeing John as if to ward off more protests.  “And maybe... chemistry.  And I shall go out if the whim strikes.  I resent being treated like a child.  You are not my keeper.”
Sherlock leaned in then, and kissed him again, a hard, passionate kiss that should have, in John’s opinion, lasted quite a bit longer.  He longed to press his body up against Sherlock’s, walk him right back into an ivy-covered wall and bring them together, chest to chest, belly to belly, cock to cock.
“My father wasn’t stupid.  He wouldn’t have climbed up it if it wasn’t, and the police ruled out equipment failure.”
“I’ve been called worse.”
“There’s lots to talk about,” interrupts John, before the conversation runs away from him.  “Maybe we’ll go out to dinner together and figure things out.  I know things haven’t been perfect, but…”  He shrugs.  “Maybe your grouchy old arsehole dad has some hope for him yet.”  He observes his daughter, this human being that he’s made and raised.  He licks at his lips, tries the name in his mouth:  “What do you think, Ros?”
“Good.”  Sherlock pressed forward, backing John into the pool tiles and bringing their bodies together.  “Let’s get out.”
John frowned and shrugged.  “It’s good hair.”  One day he would really like to run his fingers through it.  Bury his face in it and smell it.
Well, I guess I'll have to up the rating.
They boarded the train deep in thought; Sherlock carefully skimmed through the rest of the book on the ride out of town but found nothing except an inscription on the inside of the front cover: “To Maggie Donovan.  To the victor go the spoils.  Yours sincerely, Archibald Holmes, 1976.”  John watched as Sherlock gently traced the black ink with a fingertip.
They lay together after, sweaty and sated, bellies wet and chests heaving.
Sherlock shrugged, decided he liked the position of the skull and stepped back to show John.  “How does it look?”
“No, not your father.  But my father was.  You knew that, though.”
Molly smiled in her shy way and ripped open the suture packet.  “Here goes,” she said, and picked up tweezers and forceps.  John watched as she worked, and before long he had a row of eight precise stitches along the ridge of his finger.  “Not bad,” he said.  She’d gone painfully slow, but the tension was correct and sutures even.  She bandaged his finger carefully.
“It doesn’t matter, John,” Sherlock said flatly.
If it was Sherlock’s plan to exhaust his lover, he succeeded.  John came twice that night, once in the bath and again sometime in the wee hours of the morning when Sherlock woke up feeling randy, broke out the lubricant, and demonstrated just how talented his fingers could be.  Thoroughly shagged out, John slept like the dead and woke up at 10am, alone.
“I don’t know, Sherlock.  I really don’t.”
“Are we going somewhere?”  John looked at his duffel.  He had hoped that maybe they’d finish out the weekend at Willow Cross, crime scene or not.
he thought,
Sherlock hummed in the affirmative, but said nothing else for the rest of the evening, and when they returned home John left him brooding in front of the fire.
taking a shower and getting dressed, John would insist, sometimes bodily dragging Sherlock off the couch and pushing him into the bathroom) but once he was out he was fairly decent company, as far as a mercurial genius man-child could be.  He enjoyed walks around the city and trips to shops where he could find old books.  There was a tobacco shop that, if Sherlock had behaved particularly well, John would let him visit and
“Seven.”
thought John.
“Turn around.  Put your arms up on the ledge.”
He’s not sure.  He stopped mourning Mary years ago.  It’s hard to mourn when you’re exhausted and angry about being exhausted.  Does he consider himself still married to her?  What does it mean to be widowed?  Legally, he’s single.  He doesn’t much like the thought of being married to a ghost.
It didn’t take John long to figure out what drove Sherlock crazy; the twist of the wrist here, on the upstroke, the pad of a thumb to the frenulum, gentle fingers on the scrotum.  Whereas John had to learn women, develop the techniques to finesse a clitoris or flutter against a g-spot, touching Sherlock seemed like second nature, like an extension of himself.  Very quickly, on their first night together (was it really only just this weekend, just two days ago they’d finally found their way?) John had learned that Sherlock wasn’t exaggerating about the sensitivity of his skin, and now, as John sat between those long, relaxed legs, he made sure his lover was well-oiled as he touched him.
“You wouldn’t have me any other way,” John replied.  And he was right.
Chapter Six: The Garden Key
John followed Owens’ battered blue Fiesta down the driveway to a stone garage.  He had no idea whether Owens was actually dangerous, so he decided to take stock of possible weapons in case he’d need one: there, to the left, a pile of wood with an axe driven into a formidable-sized log; rocks the size of cannonballs on the right next to the fence; a rake leaning up against the side of the garage -- all would do in a pinch if Owens got violent.  What if Owens
“No.  Maybe.  I don’t know.  The point is, you can’t just take.”
“Wasn’t there an investigation?”
.  I didn’t have the opportunity, and by the time I did, it had rained and the entire garden had been tidied and locked away.”
“Why not?” said John.  It was downright hot, and the lager tasted especially crisp and refreshing.
John tried to breathe through his nose, but his heart was pounding and felt like it had lodged somewhere in his throat; a fluttery-queasy feeling curled around his belly.  Was this really happening?  Was he really sitting in one of the most beautiful places he’d ever been, his own piece of earth, his secret garden, faced with the prospect of starting something new, something
“Hmm-mmm.”  Then, “Love you.”
John spent the rest of the day inside, reading and halfheartedly watching his phone, hoping for a call from the clinic in Leeds.  He made himself a sandwich for dinner and later played snooker with Lestrade, who beat him soundly.
?  Really?”
They planned to move in at the end of October.
Shortly after, John had to work four days in a row, so Sherlock went to London to look at houses.  He’d put in an offer on a terraced house on Baker Street.
He puts a pillow over his head, grits his teeth, and prays he doesn’t commit murder before the morning.
John chuckled in spite of himself.  “Get any jobs so far?”
“It doesn’t bother you too badly?” Sherlock asks, pressing the levers with long fingers and looking at John almost as if he had real concern for his welfare.
Sherlock turned so he was facing John.  His eyes were very bright.
“I should write a bestselling secret diary of a returned soldier,” he said one day.
dumped the contents and used a stick to clean out some of the muck that had accumulated at the bottom.  The watering can, while rusty, was amazingly still intact, and he used the collected rainwater to give the basin a cursory wash before righting it again.
Sherlock huffed, leaning his head on the window of the cab.  “She
“Solo tuba?”  John raises an eyebrow.
Harry sighed.  “Why?  I mean, what’s the point.  I know you think that you left some part of yourself back there, in Afghanistan, and you’re going to believe it until you don’t anymore.  But you’re still you.  You’re steady.  You always have been.  Get your fucking shit together.”
He may have even said it aloud, an ‘I love you’ in a language Sherlock could understand.
Once, long ago over some holiday I’ve since deleted, I spent a weekend with several of my  insufferable cousins.  One of them proudly showed me the romance novels he’d nicked from our grandmother’s bookcase.  He and the others giggled and blushed over the lurid descriptions of genitals, marvelling over ridiculous phraseology and cliched descriptions of women’s breasts, thighs, and vulva.  They sniggered over the adjectives used to describe the male anatomy, words like “turgid” and “swollen” and “engorged” and “throbbing”.
Sherlock was up to something, and for once, his study seemed to have turned to John.
“No, listen.” John nudged Sherlock’s knee with his own.  “I think.  I think it would be...good.”
Molly turned an alarming shade of red as Sherlock pocketed his glass and began to sniff the body.  Really sniff.  Great snuffling inhalations about two centimeters from the victim’s bare skin, starting by his feet and slowly making his way up the man’s thighs.  “Really, Sherlock,” said John, “is that completely - do NOT taste it, you idiot!”
Then he put it right back on the wall with his shaking hands and had a panic attack in his room.
Sherlock sighed.
John chuckled to himself.  “Speaking from experience?” he asked.  Sherlock seemed to have no compunctions about breaking social codes about personal boundaries, and John felt no reticence in asking him more personal questions.  He figured it was tit for tat: Sherlock didn’t
, Archibald Holmes’ beloved plum tree, the one Sherlock should have helped prune and that Mycroft hacked down in a fit of grief and rage.
“You’re not going to memorise all of this and then start up your own business, are you?” he joked.
The traffic on Marylebone Road has come to a complete standstill and Sherlock hates everyone.
They hadn’t done it in a chair before, unless you count the blowjobs they’d given each other on Mycroft’s sofa.  So far their episodes of penetrative sex were limited to the bedroom.  Sherlock didn’t speak much of his sexual history, but from what John could gather it was limited and experimental.  Either that, or done in exchange for drugs.  Sickened at the prospect of anyone causing the man he loved harm or using him, John vowed to make every time they had sex meaningful, loving, nurturing, and safe.  (At least, John figured, until they had reached a point where they’d grown comfortable communicating their needs and desires with one another.)  So, sex had been in a safe and cosy bed, where afterward they could lie entwined, breathing each other’s air and holding on to one another, two men clinging to driftwood in an ocean.
As I replay our midnight tryst in my mind, all rational thought goes offline.  I find myself with my back up against the side wall of the shower, tiles now warm against my shoulders, spreading my legs and fucking my fist with one hand and playing with my balls with the other.  It’s not slippery enough, and my few endeavors of masturbating with soap have been less than pleasant.  It burns.  So I stop long enough to look around - conditioner will do the trick - before resuming.  It’s not going to take long.
Sherlock leaned forward and rested his head in his hands for a moment before looking up.  Their eyes met for the first time during this difficult conversation.  “If I have to,” he said.  “But not without great reservation.  I will never lie to you about my feelings for you, but if I must choose between saving you or myself, I will put you first, and if that means I have to lie to your face to you to protect you, so be it.”
“It’s fine,” said Sherlock firmly. The vague, disinterested look he had sometimes was back.  “Let’s get going.”
“What’s going on back there?” John mused.  They sat in silence for a moment, John listening to the fountain and Sherlock presumably lost inside his mind.
Sherlock smiled and raised a singular eyebrow, causing John to laugh.  “You really are, aren’t you?”
“So, what exactly were you saying about that bed?” he asked as seductively as he could.  Sherlock had touched himself in the shower while thinking about him.  Good Lord.
that?  It’s on the pillow, too.”
, the two of them would have fallen into bed together, especially in the post-case adrenaline rush, but he couldn’t do it – too much to lose, he thought, and so he ignored his body, took his body’s reaction to Sherlock’s and relegated it to masturbatory fantasies.
Taking a glance at Owens, John stepped forward and took the book from Sherlock.
“What did you tell her?” John asked.
“Since when do you use euphemisms?” John sputtered.
The brothers were so different from one another, with the exception of their remarkable intelligence.  Lestrade had hinted more than once that Mycroft did have a more...approachable...side, but, true to form, John’s interactions with the man were never strictly social and were usually concerned with Sherlock somehow.
John smiled, mildly embarrassed (yet flattered) by the praise.
“Well, now there’s a start.”
John followed Sherlock, who had picked up speed, into the woods.  Pine needles crunched under his feet as the green canopy above him grew thicker.  They climbed a small hill and rounded a corner and sure enough, there were Sherlock’s ruins.
“It’s our own walled garden,” Sherlock replied, peeling off his t-shirt and slipping out of his pyjama pants before climbing into the bed himself.  “Are you chilled?”
“So.  When exactly were you going to tell me that your drug addict brother is holed up in the east wing?  Because the picture is much clearer now.  How fortunate you found me.  A former soldier and a doctor.  Just what your brother needs, eh?”
“For the rest of the day,” replied Sherlock.  “I’d like to have a look around the village.”
But then, neither was Sherlock.  John had stopped counting strokes, and his eyes had closed of their own accord.  It was hard to concentrate on anything when Sherlock Holmes was in the throes of orgasm.  He groaned, shook, pressed himself backward into John and panted, his voice deep and raw.  “Please,” he said.  “Please, John, I’m, I’m....  Please tell me, say it, please…tell...JOHN!”
His hips wriggle against mine.  He’s waking.  My pulse speeds up.
Navya Kaipur sat in the staffroom -- a sizeable former kitchen that now housed a few scruffy couches, a fridge, lockers, and other “essentials” that Mr. Leybourne, owner of Willow Cross (who had, as of today, found himself at the centre of a scandal that would keep most of Staffordshire gossiping for weeks) had provided thinking that they would keep his workers satisfied.  A coffee maker.  A water cooler.  An old ghettoblaster.  A dish of faded potpourri that was probably older than she was.
beginner’s sex.”
“London,” said Sherlock.  “Find a place and set up business.”
John smiled.  “Yes, well, then I suppose I can find a few appropriate modifiers for how I’m feeling. It’s easier for me to write it.”
“My sister once got a flower press from our grandmother for her birthday,” mused John as they walked into the station, Sherlock lugging his crime-scene-in-a-bag behind him.
Sherlock relaxed.  John tucked his face between Sherlock’s shoulder blades, inhaling the scent of his skin.  He smelled a bit like the garden, John supposed, earthy and sweet, the way the soil did after he’d tilled it by hand.  It was an appropriate metaphor for the current phase of his life.  A new beginning: breaking up the old, the dry and useless, to establish a new purpose, fresh soil for new seeds.  Sherlock had already insinuated himself into John’s life and put down roots, deep and strong. John wondered what would bloom.  Whatever it would be, it would be strange, wonderful, and theirs.
“At £850.  Jesus.  You’re telling me.”
Lestrade himself had a fine motorcycle, a vintage Triumph Thruxton.  The spare bike -- a Kawasaki -- wasn’t half as nice as Lestrade’s Triumph, but it would do quite well.  John found himself eager to ditch his cane and fly through the roads that wound through the moors.  To be physically free, to flirt with danger again, to fuel his adrenaline.  Was Mr. Holmes right?  Did he miss the war?  The action?  The grit, the smell of blood and smoke, the sun beating down on him, the endless stretches of nothing broken by intense fighting?  Fuck.  He didn’t know.  How was a summer in the middle of nowhere going to help him at all, if what he really needed was some action?  His shoulder was still so stiff -- how would he even dig a hole in the ground?
Sherlock buried his head into John’s neck and gently bit at an earlobe.  “Was going to come,” he rumbled.
John felt Sherlock’s orgasm around his own cock, the internal muscles fluttering against his frenulum, the rim rhythmically contracting around his shaft.
John succumbed to one more fit of laughter before standing up and toeing off his shoes.  “From the looks of things, you were pretty into it,” he said as he hung up his coat and took off his cardigan.
He dug in his backpack and retrieved his kit, found an antiseptic wipe, and did his best to clean a small area of her thigh.  The damn colour was
“Of course I don’t mean you,” he interrupted.  “People.  People who are not you.”
“You can’t just go buying her whatever she wants, whenever she wants it…”
Sherlock sighed again, ran his hand over his face and pulled at his chin.  He suddenly stood up, resolved.  “I know just the place.”
When he needs to think, Sherlock turns to the tuba.  It seems counterintuitive that composing would help clear his mind, but it does.  Something about the way the music sounds when it’s right: all the tumblers of the lock aligning, sliding into place.  It unlocks pathways in his mind, opens doors, clears obscure routes.  Today he needs a challenge, so he takes a quick trip into the music wing of his mind palace, back to his childhood when he used to listen to records with Mummy, the two of them sitting together on the sofa, enjoying Mendelssohn's violin concerto or Bach’s
“You’re scaring the fish!”
John took pity on him and climbed back into bed.  He had five minutes to spare.  Something was clearly eating at Sherlock.  “Are you trying to tell me sex isn’t so mundane after all?”
“Oh, yes,” he said.  “Just...give me a minute.”
“Oil of some kind.  It’s got an analgesic in it.  Not synthetic, I’m guessing.   Heat followed by numbing - likely capsaisin.   I can’t feel a thing anymore, now that the burning has stopped.”
“Did not.  I’m compact.  More hydrodynamic.”
Phillip Leybourne:  Good gracious. Is that what they do in London these days? Book into honeymoon suites and bugger each other?
“Different?”
fish.  You’ve said so.  Let’s go and catch some fish for supper.”
“Luke and Mitchell came in and out, sure. But they were mainly outside, mowing, clipping.  They’d eat lunch inside. Lilly insisted that she would provide lunch.  You’d never know they had such an inheritance if you just met them, and they were so generous with what they had.”
The man on the ground --a few years younger than John from the look of him-- tried to stand, but then appeared to give up and lay flat on his back, his arms tucked behind his head.  John could see his T-shirt was soaked with sweat; his face looked pale and clammy.  Looking around the room, from the untouched plates of food to the torn-apart bed to the big plastic mixing bowl on the bedside table to the shards of china by the wall, John quickly assessed that the man on the floor was the one he’d heard screaming the other night, and that he was likely very unwell.  Maybe even dangerous.
“Exactly.”
.   “OK,” John said again, decisively.
“Mr. Owens, I don’t want to be a pest, but I find myself really needing to use the loo.  Would you mind if…”  He jerked his head toward the house.
“What are you thinking about?” asks John, who has been idly toying with the hair below my navel as we lie on our backs, catching our breath.  I love this time, when I am sated and lazy.  It doesn't last long, this peace, this stillness in my head, but I’ve learned to enjoy it when I can.
Sherlock’s face betrayed nothing.  John instantly recalled half a dozen instances where Sherlock had literally yelled about how “lucky” John was to have such a simple, quiet mind.  “I just can’t turn it off, John,” he’d say.  “It’s not a tap.”  And then he’d flop onto the couch dramatically and scowl.  If anyone needed to clear his mind once a while, it was Sherlock.
“You’ve changed your clothes,” Sherlock observed.
Sherlock cleared his throat.  “I’ve been told that dinner is an acceptable form of apology.”
John wondered if she’d been at her secret stash already this morning.  “You don’t mind if I do a bit of gardening?” asked John.
Warning: John hunts small game birds in this chapter and there is mention of a trophy room with taxidermy.  If that puts you off, please skip!  You won't miss too much plot.
Sherlock blinked his eyes few times.  “That would be decidedly unromantic,” he said at last, licking his swollen lips.
“Sherlock, what’s gotten into you?  First, you’re collecting my hair, then you’re making shampoo and trying to wax yourself and now we’re going to a spa.  Please tell me what’s going on.”
“Hmm.  There’s a pressure, and then a yielding.  It’s exquisite.  I’m very sensitive there.  Would you like to find out?”
It was supposed to be simple.  John didn’t mind helping Mrs. Hudson, not at all, really.  It was just that what he thought was an hour’s worth of work had turned into an all-morning project.
“I had hoped you’d take on a bit of security work.  Lestrade is here during the day.  You’ll meet him later, I suppose.  But with the renovation work and the valuables the estate houses, I’d prefer a man on the premises at all times.”
Sherlock made a noise of agreement as John finally pulled the belt free and went to work on the buttons of his trousers.  “You are much braver than I am, John.”
“Actually, Mrs. Hudson, I haven’t decided if I’ll be staying.  Don’t I have to talk to Mr. Holmes before assuming anything?”
Sherlock hums noncommittally.  “I can pick up the violin again if it’s less intrusive.”
“Pity.”  She didn’t sound sympathetic in the least.  “There is a stream to the side that wraps around the very back, and formal gardens to the west.  You’re allowed on the entire 60 acres, and there’s a motorbike if you want to ride.  The east wing is currently closed due to renovation.  The pool and sauna are on the ground floor to the south of the ball room. There’s internet access, but it’s patchy and only works well in the library.”  She pocketed her phone as the driver pulled up to the house.
She rises, too, her face flushing.  “He’s practically my second dad…”
Mrs. Hudson shook her head, oblivious to John’s sombre mood.  “Sherlock isn’t really what you’d call a people person,” she said.  “It’s not that he hates everyone.  He may say he does, but that’s simply untrue.  He just has...very specific tastes.”
“Well, not in those exact terms.”
“No!  No, that’s fine.
He was no Sherlock Holmes, but John Watson was an intelligent human being who
“Out!” said the great detective.  He looked Molly right in the eyes before declaring in his lowest, most deadly register, “I’ve got the sudden urge to
“The larger stones here are decorative landscaping cobbles,” he said.  “And these bits of gravel, too.  The pebbles...those are probably just from around the pond.”
“Partner,” muttered Mr. Campbell again, under his breath, shaking his head.  He took a pair of glasses from his front pocket and fitted them low on his nose.
“Laters,” she drawls, just like Sherlock, and stomps out.
John allowed himself a few breaths as he counted backward from ten.  Murdering Sherlock was not on the weekend’s agenda.
“The CCTV was what, John?  Tell me.”
“Guess not.  Well, I came because Mrs. Hudson said you asked for me.  But if I’m going to be your verbal punchbag, I’ll leave this and go.  Just thought I’d let you know that your things have arrived.  But if you’d rather your chemistry equipment and books remain outside, go ahead and stay in here and sulk.”
John smiled and laughed.  “Well, yes, ta for that.  I think they like you, too.”
“It’s so nice to cook for someone else again,” she tittered as she dipped bread into eggs.  “Lestrade’s a nice man, but he so rarely stays for supper unless Mycroft is around.  Meals used to be such a special time, and we’d all gather together in here -- not in that stuffy old dining room unless we had some special guests, mind you -- and we’d talk and drink nice wine and it was lovely.”
And then there was Mary.  She wasn’t boring.  At least he had to give John that.
“Neither have I.  Then again, I’ve deleted a lot of children’s stories.  Rubbish.  I kept the one about the mermaid, though.”
John sighed and checked his watch.  “Let’s go in for supper.  Enough for a while.  I have a few people we can call tonight if you’d like.”
Well, the rating went up.  I couldn't help myself.  Neither could Sherlock.
Lestrade threw up his hands.  “John, he made you shampoo.”
“Yes.  Henry mentioned that he and Adam especially hated mucking out the stables, but my father let them fish in the pond when they were finished, which somehow made it worth it.”
John shut the door and nearly tripped over a stack of small packing crates.  “Jesus,” he swore, looking around.  With the exception of the packing crates, Sherlock’s room was as bare as he’d ever seen it; even the paintings on the wall had been removed, every book absent from its space on the bookshelves.  All of Sherlock’s belongings had been packed up; stacks of cardboard boxes four or five tall turned the room into an obstacle course.  A veritable blockade stood between him and the bed.
John shut the door and peeked inside the container.  Opening the lid he found clear plastic bags containing something fleshy and meaty and entirely off-putting.
Semen burst from his body as words flew from his mouth: “I love you.  I fucking love you.  Oh God, Sherlock.  Love.  You.
an uptight arsehole.”
“Get out.”
Shrugging, Sherlock took a sip and put his mug back on the nightstand.  “It was an extremely memorable wank.   Utterly
Sherlock is constantly losing the mouthpiece.  He tends to carry it around the flat with him, blowing into it every once and awhile.  He says it keeps him from smoking and keeps his embouchure strong.
Sherlock thought about this for a moment.  “No carrying, then?”
After nearly five months of living together, John had come to the conclusion that his eccentric, enigmatic flatmate had simply deleted his own libido and would spend the rest of his life completely celibate.  Somewhere along the line Sherlock must have decided to take his blogger along for moral support, since the detective had such a knack for ruining John’s dates and sabotaging his attempts at romantic relationships before they even got off the ground.  John hadn’t seen Sherlock so much as look at a woman -- or a man, for that matter -- with eyes for anything but deduction.
John had settled in for the evening when he heard a noise in the corridor.  Panic raced through his veins and he eyed the fireplace poker before steeling his resolve and taking a deep breath.  He got quietly out of bed, tiptoed across the room, and flung open the door.
Above them, the plane passes, losing elevation, heading towards Gatwick, towards London, towards home.
“No, come on,” said John, trying to get off the bike without toppling both of them over.  “If everyone’s here for the race, there won’t be so many people poking about the rest of the place.”
Angelo gave him a knowing look and Sherlock didn’t bother to correct him.  “I’ll get you the mussels linguine, Mr. Holmes.  Very fresh.  Extra lemon.”
“Of course, John.  Do keep up.  Need to test corrosivity of simple bases on soft tissue.  I told you all about it yesterday.”
“No, I’m not…”  John blows out a breath.  This is new.  “It’s just that you’re very possessive of it; I wouldn’t want to damage it.  God only knows how much it costs.”
“Here, Toby, come on now, boy.  By heck, you scared the fuck out of me,” he swore in a thick Yorkshire accent.  The dog trotted back to his owner.
