“Babe, I love you, but I’m not having full sex here. I’m not risking that with dinosaurs around. So we either have to do this standing up or—”
“Staying put is the best for now,” Steve replied as Tony frowned, “It's better to have most of the team around us for backup, just in case.”
Tony sighed deeply, sinking back into the couch with a pout. It wasn’t that he hated team building exercises, but he
He was not sure how he felt about two still strange men looking at his baby in such a private manner. However, after lifting up Peter’s gown and checking the undergarment, he almost too willingly handed the babe back to Steve with a nod.
has the serum—the white blood cells are acting and moving the same way Steve’s does. However, there are white blood cells that seem to be normal, like yours and my own. It’s almost as if a watered-down version of the serum was transferred.”
PJ shook his head, wiggling himself back against Tony’s chest. His eyes bugged from the pressure on his ribs, but he managed to not shout, breathing heavily through his nose as an alternative.
The market came to a standstill at the loud shout, all noise turning to a deafening silence. Tony froze and flinched on instinct, only to breathe when he realized it was only Steve. He rushed toward where he thought the shout had come from and found the frazzled Alpha, feeling a bit of shame at having caused him to worry.
“I—I apologize. You were in the Red Room, yes?” Tony asked quickly, shrinking when Thor translated and her stare deepened to a glare, “My father, the king—he and the Captain of the Guard once told stories of capturing a Black Widow, trained in the Red Room and carved into unbreakable spies. They used to gloat about having her in captivity, but as far as I know, they never got anything from her. Eventually, they had her killed. I did not know there were other Widows still alive.”
“He—ah, yes, he believes you,” Thor said, eyebrows furrowed as the Prime continued to talk, “He wants to know why the son of a rich man who has decimated thousands—”
“I’ve got you, you’re alright,” Tony soothed, figuring Steve had tired himself out, “We’ll move soo—Steve?”
The elevator opened to the common lounge, where Avengers new and old had gathered. Even Pepper had come down, her delicate form perched on the edge of the long couch as she laughed at one of Sam’s terrible jokes. They all seemed to be lost in conversation, but once Tony and Bruce approached, the noise died down to suffocating silence, all eyes on them and the bundle in Tony’s arms. Out of the corner of his eye, Tony saw Steve shift, and he nearly turned to bolt, but a familiar hand rested on his arm to keep him from moving.
Natasha rolled her eyes and Clint laughed, but at Steve’s grimace, Tony looked down at the unconscious child in his lap. Since finding the boy, he had not taken a moment to really take a good look at the child; shifting him slightly, Tony looked over his features. He was pale, but not like Steve, yet not as tanned as he himself was.
He yelped when Steve rushed him and grabbed him around the waist to attempt to take him to the floor. Thankfully he had half the mind to plant his back foot, allowing him to jut his knee up into Steve’s sternum. Steve grunted and his grip slackened enough that Tony could shove him back.
Steve shushed him again and kissed him gently, closing his eyes to concentrate. He tried to think calm thoughts, hoping that his scent would calm the poor Omega; the minutes ticked by, but eventually Tony began to relax, leaning heavily onto Steve’s chest.
Tony laughed and reached around to grab the bottle, unbuckling the belt in the process to set it aside. Pausing for a moment, he kissed Steve’s cheek, nudging him up with his shoulder.
“Dude, you never told me this much shit was going down,” Rhodey said first, pulling up his own chair to sit on Tony’s other side, “I knew things with your dad was strained, but hell, not like
With that particular thought, Tony turned over on the roof, grabbing up the bag of weed to roll his last joint. Lunch was in a few minutes, and once that bell rang, he could get off the roof and head out to ease his munchies and be on time for Modern Physics. He’d scheduled all his general education courses in the morning, ones he could easily make up for in the summer, just so he could do this exact thing: sit on the roof, smoke, and mourn his own sanity and the loss of his best friend.
Startled at the sound, Peter shifted and whimpered, easily breaking out into a full-on cry. Tony glared at Thor and tried to hush the babe, rubbing soothing circles on his back and kissing his cheeks.
Another crash followed by loud shushing seemed to come from on the other side of the wall. If it was Steve attempting to get into the room, Tony knew he needed to move Peter to his bassinet in the hopes that he would be safer there.
“She was right,” he continued, opting instead to play with PJ’s hair to keep his hand occupied for the moment, “We do need you. You did what you had to, Steve. Aunt Peg will always have you, even if it was for those few, fleeting moments. Sure, it may not have been a lot, or even enough, but you got to know her enough to love her, and I think that’s important. She never forgot you. She helped Howard look for you—hell, she carried a picture of you in her purse. The pre-serum one. She remembered you as you were, and now you have to do the same.”
why you’ve been avoiding me? Not because you want to kill me and kick me off the team—which, let’s face it, probably isn’t a bad idea since I’m the absolute
“If you want to begin now, yes, of course,” Bruce replied with a grin, “How do you feel about colors?”
“If you think the backup is necessary, then call it in,” He decided, awarding himself a point for catching the surprise that flashed across her face, “Yeah, I don’t like him getting close to the kid, but PJ’s attached to Steve and me now, and we have the confirmed DNA tests, so he’s not going anywhere. From the sound of things, you guys might need the backup, especially for arrests and data retention.”
“Drink. I could dampen a cloth for your forehead, but I can only do so much when your heat is coming on,” Bruce said apologetically and held out his waterskin.
“Thanks f’tryna stand up for me, Tony,” Steve said, pulling back with a bashful smile, “Buck and I get in trouble lots, though. We really don’ mind—who are those for?”
He let Steve lead him out of what he was assumed was the infirmary and down the hallway toward their bedroom. It was slow goings since he was feeling more lethargic with every step, but they eventually stumbled into the room. Once the door closed, Tony let out a sigh of relief and pushed off of Steve, attempting to take off his shirt single-handedly. After a minute of struggling, Steve stepped in, motioning toward Peter. Tony carefully let him take the babe before stripping down, too tired to care about his nudity. He took Peter back and trudged toward the bathroom, missing Steve’s wide eyes with his one-track mind.
“We argued about the baby again, but it was really my fault for misunderstanding him,” he grumbled, “And then--I do not know. He has just been making me so
“Finally ready to settle down, little one?” he whispered, stroking a shaky thumb over Peter’s cheek.
A hand smoothed down his back and pulled on his sleep shirt until Tony forced himself to look at Steve. The Alpha smiled softly back at him and rested a hand on the curve of his hip, rubbing his thumb in what he assumed was a calming manner. Supposedly, Steve would push him off if he really
“What? Steve—ah, Papa? You want him to come along?” Tony fumbled for the right word, the endearment heavy, but not awkward, on his tongue, “Why don’t you go ask, hm?”
Tony scrubbed his face with his hands, taking a deep breath to try and stave off his long-waiting panic attack. Looking up, he glanced from PJ’s confused and concerned face to the bed, an idea nearly causing a lightbulb to appear over his head.
“I figured you’d want to know that he went down alright. Conked out before I even got halfway through the book,” the Captain answered, voice a bit amused, “He snores, too. Not badly, but little, ah, sniffles, I guess.”
going to do our best to try and keep you as safe and happy as we possibly can. There might be a lot of bumps in the road, with nightmares and getting you caught up to speed with English and Maths and stuff, but we’re going to do it. You’re safe here. You don’t have to be afraid anymore,
“You’re welcome to stay there if you want, Cappuccino, I’ll be back soon,” he snorted, smirking as he watched the Captain’s face flush, even in the dark room, “We’ll just take a quick once around the Tower.”
I haven’t felt the touch of a man in many moons,” he started, only to yelp when Steve pinched his inner thigh, “Hey!”
can feel it as well,” Steve finally said, letting his arms drop, “I cannot tell where it is on your body, but it aches in my chest like a hot poker was shoved into it. As much as I respect your choices for your body, it also happens to affect
“I think we should leave Stark be. The child is content with him, so as am I,” Thor mentioned with a shrug, leaning one arm on Clint.
Steve rolled his eyes as the two boys bickered, adjusting his body until he could be a little comfortable in the hard, metal desk. His attention drifted in and out as his friends petered into the room, finding their desks and socializing until the bell rang. Even then, Tony had to snap his fingers in front of his face to draw him out of his daydreams.
Steve laughed as he got up and tugged Tony into a hug, resting his chin on the top of Tony’s head. They stood like that for a while, wrapped in each other, until the smaller man cleared his throat.
“Shh, my love, no more tears,” Tony soothed, gritting his teeth as he began the painful trek to the dining hall, “We will sit and eat and have a good cuddle, okay? Daddy missed you, sweet one.”
The prince nodded and tearfully let them embrace him before turning toward the wall. With practiced efficiency, he carefully tucked the bundle into his chest and tightened his sash belt to create a makeshift carrier. He took the leap and scrambled up and over, checking on the bundle to make sure all was well. Thankfully, the outer torches were starting to go out as dawn approached, so he dashed for the nearby forest, using the stars to navigate his way toward the Northern Territory. If he was to escape from his father’s army, he needed to hide out in a land where he would not dare send men, for fear of losing them all to a stronger foe. That meant he had to head into the belly of the beast: an unclaimed Omega, running for his life directly into the Warlords’ land, ruled with an iron fist under a terrifying Prime Alpha who was said to lick his conquered enemies’ bones clean once he’d finished his human meal.
They both looked over at PJ, who was currently picking at the sheets with curious vigor. Once he noticed the adults watching him, he hurriedly took his hands away, to which Tony shushed him and merely pulled the sheets up more.
“Are you really upset that you were mischaracterized in a fictional porno I wrote when I was a teenager?” he asked.
Steve sniffled and nodded, taking the clipboard and her offered pen. He clicked it and began to fill out the packet, momentarily thankful for his eidetic memory to be able to remember their healthcare information and social security numbers off the top of his head. It took the better part of an hour to finish the paperwork, giving him ample time to disassociate from the thoughts rattling around in his head. However, as soon as he returned the packet to the nurse and turned his back to the nurses’ station, his face crumpled and he broke, having to bite down on his bottom lip to keep from crying out loud. He wasn’t there when Tony needed him the most,
“A bit,” Tony admitted, shrugging, “At first. It's just the hair follicle growing in. It isn’t too bad.”
“Why don’t we try and get some sleep ourselves?” Rhodey suggested, his lips quirking up, “We’ve got a few hours to kill before we land in New York, and if they decide to ignore our threats about the Mile-High Club, I’d rather be asleep.”
Much to Tony’s surprise, PJ nodded, rolling himself onto his belly to slide onto the floor. Tony tried to make a grab for him but cried out in pain at moving his ribs, gritting his teeth when black spots danced in his vision.
A sharp cry interrupted his stream of consciousness, loud enough for Tony to reflexively hunch as if he was going to be hit. Realizing he wasn’t in danger, he cleared his throat, turning around to address the noise. Immediately, his heart sank, seeing PJ out of Steve’s lap, his face already turning blotchy from the large tears that ran down his face.
“Okay, Anthony, it’s time to go. Your Father and I have a gala to attend,” his Mother said gently, taking Tony’s hand to pull them apart, “Say goodbye to Steve.”
He made a noise of acknowledgment, only to whimper when Steve gently rolled him onto his side and sat up on his elbow, looking down at him with concern.
Tony smiled and nodded, shifting a bit awkwardly under the weight of the compliment. He found it hard to look at his reflection these days; the glow of their shared eyes had dimmed for his mother in the past years as Howard’s true nature revealed itself. Thinking of his wilting mother being left with him brought tears to Tony’s eyes and he ducked his head, only to feel a weight settle on his crown. Confused, he looked back up, eyes crossed to try and see what had been placed on his head.
“He is usually careful with his strength. To be this careless shows how out of it he is. Let us give him some time to be alone and perhaps he will come to his senses.”
Tony rolled onto his side and whined, only to pout when he felt Steve’s fond amusement settle in his chest.
“Okay. Roofie-ing me with ibuprofen is ethically questionable, but I was more concerned that it was something with opioids in it,” He explained, “I’m—”
“Alright, everyone, go get a drink. We’re done for now,” Coach Richards called after blowing his whistle, “Stark, can I see you for a minute?”
The boy looked warily between the three who remained in the room, eventually settling on Tony again. Seeming to realize they were not going to hurt him, he removed his thumb from his mouth, wiping it on the floor.
Steve nodded, then kissed them both before heading into the bathroom and closing the door behind him. Tony took the initiative and laid Peter down on their bed, gently tickling his sides just to hear the tot giggle. The distraction had the intended effect, allowing him to dress Peter and finish toweling his hair with little to no protest. And yet, as soon as he was done, Peter started to smack at Tony’s chest again.
They both shook their heads and he choked on a painful sob, holding the bundle a little tighter to his chest. He barely had the second to gather himself together, attempting to force down his body’s need to shake with fear.
“So…the caravan. I was the only one who made it out alive. We were attacked with—with my own weapons,” he continued, voice slightly strained, “I saw the logo before a bomb exploded next to me. Thankfully, I was wearing a bulletproof vest, but you know me, I think ahead for all that when designing those things. Shrapnel went into my chest. Next thing I knew, I woke up in a cave, in massive pain, then everything goes blank for a while. I ended up with a version of this, but it was attached to a car battery that I had to lug around. I was saved by a doctor that the terrorists had captured earlier—Yinsen. His name was Yinsen. He was supposed to escape with me, but—but—”
“You were being polite and got a blowie out of it. Plus, I was seventeen,” Tony grunted, not even bothering to turn around, “I think I’d sucked maybe one dick in my life when I wrote that, so I can’t be blamed for inaccuracies.”
“Yes,” Tony confirmed, unable to watch Pepper’s eyes widen, “He is mine. Genetically. His name is Peter James Stark. PJ for short.”
“It’s okay. I’m not a fan of the tail,” he sighed, pouting as he looked over his shoulder at the offending cottontail glued to his pants, “I can’t sit.”
Tony didn’t make a sound; he merely let his Mother take his hand and peel him off of her skirt, forcing him to shift his backpack on his tiny shoulders. Slowly, he followed her into the schoolhouse, staring down at his new shiny dress shoes instead of looking around. Father always hated that he tended to be shy in new situations, but the noise surrounding him was overwhelming, and he didn’t exactly want to be left there. Especially not by himself.
Peter merely wiggled his legs until he was cradled in Tony’s arms again. He quickly grasped a handful of his new dress and stuck it in his mouth, idly gumming the fabric. Tony knew he should probably take it out of his mouth, but Steve was walking toward them with a plate of food and the smell of something spicy easily distracted him.
“We should get you cleaned up and be re-bandaged. I do not want to leave Peter out there alone for much longer,” Tony said softly when he pulled away.
It was tempting bait. Being pampered and fussed over by an Alpha sounded blissful, but Tony had always been too stubborn over his pride to let go. Instead, he crawled into the single bed with Peter and laid the baby on his chest, making sure to keep his legs slightly open to alleviate the ache. If it were not for the disappointment and worry tugging on the bond, Tony would have easily fallen asleep.
“Believe me, I know,” she replied, raising an eyebrow, “Come on, then. Let’s get the team caught up.”
“Oh, god,” he said weakly, smoothing a thumb over the trail, “Okay, I can—I can deal, this is fine—”
“But I should have outright made it clear to him that I was going to be bonded to you. He knows how I feel about--about being an Alpha’s property, let alone the single Alpha I was raised to cower in fear from. I know you just want what is best, but for gods’ sake, has it occurred to you that you could be
With great effort, they managed to peel Steve up off the floor once Tony promised to let him keep a hand on his back as they walked. Carefully, Tony lowered Peter down from his shoulder to be cradled in his arms once more, unsurprised to see that the baby was quite sleepy.
“I got you, I got you,” he whispered, trying to wipe the sweat off of Tony with his shirt, “You’re okay. I got—Tony?”
“Did—did I miss something? I thought we were having a moment,” Tony complained, pouting as he reached up to pet Steve’s hair, “Did I break you?”
“I’m an idiot,” Steve finally wheezed, clapping his right hand to his left pec as if to steady himself, “Oh, god, Tony, no. I’m so sorry, I didn’t—it didn’t even occur to me that you’d think I didn’t want to be around you. God, no, I love being around you. I don’t know how anyone wouldn’t want to be.”
“Yeah, kid, that’s me. Your old man,” he said back, giggling as the boy beamed up at him, “You can keep calling me that, by the way. Might as well, right?”
“Good, because you’re going to have to,” Natasha’s voice said from behind him, making him squeak in surprise, “We’re leaving for Africa within the hour, so you three better get packed and ready. Tony, a word.”
Clint had the decency to look mildly ashamed and he turned his eyes away, clearly caught. Tony turned back to Thor, who smiled.
Steve tilted his head and seemed to regard him, then motioned at Peter and gently patted Tony’s upper chest.
“Fine. But I’m telling Bucky about it,” Steve decided, grinning as he pressed a kiss to Tony’s hairline, “You guys can bond over it. He loves that stuff.”
Despite Steve’s repeated attempts to help Tony sleep for more than a half hour at a time, nothing seemed to work until pure stress and exhaustion knocked him out after a week of struggling. Then, just a little hour into his first real rest, Tony started to convulse on the bed, waking Steve up and forcing him to call the nurses, Bucky, and Rhodey when he couldn’t bring Tony out of the nightmare. It took all six of them to finally wake Tony up, and by that time, Tony had screamed himself hoarse and pissed himself out of fear. Rhodey, Bucky, and two of the nurses cleared out to give them space, but both Rhodey and Bucky agreed to wait outside.
“It’s okay, Steve. Really,” Tony said plainly, letting go of Steve’s wrist, “He likes it when you’re here. And—and the company’s nice. Really. Plus, I’m supposed to be stuck in bed, and he’ll need you to take him to the bathroom and play with him.”
The elevator took him directly down to the lab, making Tony sigh in relief when it opened to the empty workshop. He stumbled over to his table to sit down, shoving up the sleeves of his hoodie before bringing up current diagnostics for the suit and a list of current tasks to be completed.
“Only one more of those left, then in middle school we don’t gotta do that anymore,” Bucky was saying in the boys’ locker room, shucking off his shepherd costume to put on day clothes.
“Thanks,” Steve murmured, catching Clint’s wink as Fury started to go into a tirade, “But you’re going to be in trouble.”
Bruce nodded and led the way back upstairs and to the dining hall, leaving Tony to pick a place to sit while he disappeared into the kitchen. Tony sat at his usual place and shucked up his shirt and opened the bra, not at all surprised at how easily Peter latched on. He sighed and winced at the dull ache radiating from his breast, but he would put up with it if it meant the babe would be sated.
“You look fine, Mom and Dad,” he sighed, rolling his eyes, “Really. It’s just a dumb play anyway. Once it's done, we’re going to Tony’s house to hang out, which is what
“Come now, Prince. You must not let yourself be so dramatic,” a voice said next to him, “Steve would never let him take you away, let alone get close to you. You will be safe in the castle while we are away. The good doctor will keep your mind occupied and your hands busy, and soon it will be like we had never even left. I promise you.”
“Friend, do not be afraid. The Prime—he will take good care of you,” Thor said, moving into his blurry vision and smiling when Tony finally looked back at him, “You are quite safe here. I will not let him harm you, if that is what bothers you so.”
Tony shrieked in surprise, whirling around to see Bruce standing behind him, nonchalantly cleaning his glasses off with his shirt.
“No. No shivering or anything. I’m pretty sure it was just snoring in a tiny body. It was actually kind of cute.”
Natasha stared him down without judgment in her eyes, but the crawling feeling of shame latched onto his neck anyway, making him hang his head to not meet her gaze. Instantly, her hand was in his hair, manicured nails delicately scratching his scalp.
Tony carefully shifted Peter from his chest to his arm, slowly sitting up to make sure that he would not suddenly become nauseous. Surprised that he could actually stand, he carefully trudged over from his bed to where the medicinal jar still sat and single-handedly unscrewed it to drink another dosage.  He gagged less this time around but still made a pitiful noise, not at all enjoying the taste of the sludge.
Tony only mewled and thrust up again, panting into Steve’s neck as he tried to get himself off. He had gotten a good rhythm going, only to be placed in the tub that was rapidly filling with warm water. Disgruntled, he laid back and spread his legs, eagerly palming himself under Steve’s gaze.
He smirked at Steve’s audible whine and signaled him over with a crook of his finger. The Prime slowly waded over, and once he was within arm’s length, Tony reached up to cup Steve’s chest and push his pectorals together.
Tony let out a whine and blinked the dots away, letting out a sigh of relief when he could see again. Steve towered over him, his hair unbraided and falling over his face as he looked down at him, clearly worried. Tony reached back up for Peter, which Steve immediately understood. He carefully got the infant out of the crib—a little too well, Tony managed to note—and handed the babe to Tony, making sure they were tucked in well.
Steve gave him a look and Tony failed to suppress a giggle, leaning over to nose at the Prime’s neck. He heard Steve sigh and he purred, daring to flick out his tongue at Steve’s scent glands.
, his college classes were going exceptionally well, and he’d even made new friends at college, despite being the youngest in his courses. Then, Fury had announced that there was a new student exchange program, which meant there would be new students joining each grade. Tony had immediately been impressed by T’Challa, a prince from the African country of Wakanda who had come to America to learn more about customs to further his studies of international diplomacy. There had been Stephen, a tall, lanky fellow from Tibet who preferred sign language over speaking, and Danny, a chatterbox who was agile and skilled in multiple types of self-defense, who Tony immediately asked to teach him some moves.
“We--” Steve motioned for the crowd to silence again, “We have taken a prisoner from the Stark Army. If we come to know anything important, I will make an announcement. For now, go home. Rest. Heal. That is all.”
Tony thought the Warlord would have led the procession, but he was second-to-last, excluding the foot soldiers. He rode without holding the reins, one hand holding onto a rope attached to the horse behind him and the other tucked up against his chest. His nose was mottled an ugly blue and yellow, and Tony gasped once Steve was close, for he could see that his braid had been sliced off and dried blood was visible on the back of his head. The group stopped in the city square, surrounded by their silent subjects.
Natasha rolled her eyes and looked over Tony’s shoulder again. She grunted and shook her head, stepping away so he could turn around to the empty, cluttered room. It was difficult to see what had come out of his attempt to find a better life; he looked away from the mess and blinked back guilty tears.
“Perhaps life here will not be that bad, little one,” he said to Peter once Steve was out of earshot, moving the babe around to rest in the crook of his left arm to get him ready to be fed, “Things seem to be going well so far. He…he is kind, yes? I would sour around him if he was not that way…or at least, you would fuss, because you are so sensitive to these types of things.”
He reached down to tweak one and Tony yelped in pain, reflexively sitting up and smacking Rhodey’s hand away. The two men stared at each other for a moment, but Tony cut in before Rhodey could say anything.
people, honey. Plus, we can still talk, I’ll have a satellite phone and you won’t even be thinking about me while you’re off making the world a better place at MIT.”
“I know, big guy. Just a few minutes, then we’ll go back up,” Tony subvocalized, nuzzling the boy’s temple, “Okay? If you’re uncomfortable before that, tell me, and we can go up then, but I do want to see them off first.”
There he was with a much thicker and darker goatee, curled up to Cap in bed, his face gaunt and pained with tear streaks running down his cheeks. Cap had one arm wrapped around him, holding him tight, and in between them, was tucked Captain Ameribear.
languages. If you do not like it, you can take lessons from Bruce, just as I did,” he said with an edge to his voice.
“Sorry, sorry,” Tony whispered, panicking a little as he sat up and curled around Peter, not-so-subtly batting Steve’s hands away.
“Fine. But I will be watching his every movement,” he said firmly, an Alpha growl leaking into his tone.
He stood up from the table and motioned with his head for Bruce to follow, tromping back down to his bedroom. He felt like he had done nothing but run around all day, and it was beginning to show as he handed Peter to Bruce and retrieved his doll.
“Need help?” Tony asked, grinning at Steve’s glare once he realized the brunet was sitting at the table.
“Yeah, no shit,” Tony grunted, realizing he’d splayed a hand over his reactor, “Will he need meds? What about organs?”
“You’re saying that to me, Tony,” Steve reminded gently, putting a hand on his shoulder, “You’re stressed. It’s pretty normal when you suddenly have a superpowered toddler on your hands.”
“Thank the gods for small miracles,” he said, smiling when Natasha wiggled a finger in to rub Peter’s cheek.
He was woken by a hand on his arm before the morning light had begun to shine in the room. Startled, Tony gasped, only to relax when Steve’s scent filled his nose.
“So, you are saying that HYDRA still has our DNA?” Wanda had asked, absentmindedly swirling her hand to telekinetically stir her coffee with a spoon.
“I--I will come back, I promise,” he managed, walking backward to keep Steve in his line of sight, “You stay here, okay?”
“What? J? What does that mean?” He asked, more confused than he was at the beginning of the conversation, “J?”
“Spare us. It is already bad enough that we walk in on you two all the time, we do not wish to hear about the exploits we do not see,” He said with a shudder.
“I’m—thank you,” Steve whispered, ducking his head in turn to rest his forehead on the top of Tony’s head, “For at least hearing me out. Even if you decide you don’t want—or don’t want to try—that’s okay. Thank you for being there for me. You’ve always been a good friend to me.”
“It’s okay. If you want to look into it, we can, baby,” he said softly, wrapping his arms around Steve’s waist, “But…preferably when we’re not on the precipice of being eaten by dinosaurs.”
Bruce squinted at him so he squinted back, giving a real smile when Bruce rolled his eyes and gave up.
“Yeah but Superman makes my lips turn purple, so it’s the best,” Clint argued, jabbing a finger into Bucky’s chest, “You’re really off of your ice cream game, man. I barely order anything else than Superman!”
“Malnourished, which is to be expected. But, remember, if he is Steve’s, it’s possible he has Steve’s original body type,” Bruce answered, pulling the table full of phlebotomy equipment next to PJ’s exam bed, “Let’s do his draw now so I can take a look at it. That’ll also give us better judgment on what to look for. It’s possible that, if he doesn’t have the serum and still has pieces of Steve’s genetic code, he could develop all of Steve’s old ailments.”
,” Natasha said, stepping forward to kneel down to PJ’s level, “My friends want to meet you. Is that okay?”
Tony only stroked him a few more times before Steve’s back bowed and he was coming, shooting all over his chest. He barely got through the first orgasm when Tony moved his hand under his knot and squeezed lightly, forcing his body to believe he had knotted inside. Steve screamed when the second orgasm ripped through him and tears ran rivulets down his cheeks during the third. Tony could barely hold on long enough to watch, and once Steve clamped down somewhere between his second and third, he buried himself as deep as he could and came with a strangled groan.
With PJ clutching around his neck and the elephant dangling over his back, Tony padded down to his personal elevator, taking the lift to his garage. He carefully smoothed circles over the boy’s back as he exited the Tower into the night, starting his usual walk around the block when he himself could not sleep.
been awake all night. He thought that would have made him cranky and irritable, but instead, he was quiet and sleepy.
Steve snapped back to it and shucked off his pants, momentarily thankful that he usually went commando. He had the sense to be ready to bat away Tony’s hands, scooping the needy Omega back up to carry into the bathroom.
“Oh, shit, Tony,” Steve murmured, sending over a worried look, “Why don’t he and I get up and bring you breakfast in bed? You need your next pain medication dosage, anyway.”
The boy blinked, a cloud of confusion passing over his face for a moment before he shook his head slowly. He went back to nervously chewing on his thumb, eyes darting to Bruce and Natasha before resting on Tony once more. Breathing slowly to control his own heart rate, Tony smiled at PJ, attempting to be as comforting as possible, despite the anxiety attack that lurked under his raw anger toward HYDRA.
“Rescue Mission,” he murmured, tracing his fingertip over Tony’s familiar handwriting, “1982. Baby, you’ve kept this since you were a kid?”
“Hey, just look at me, okay? Everything’s alright,” He soothed, barely wincing as the syringe for numbing went in, “I’m going to be in tip-top shape real soon, then we can go upstairs, have some food, and maybe lay down for a book and a nap. How does that sound? You probably need a bath, too.”
Steve’s shoulders hunched and his jaw clenched as he looked away, clearly displeased by the answer. He ignored the Alpha’s childish response and turned back to Peter, idly running his fingers over the babe’s cheek. He watched the boy’s eyes steadily become sleepier until he was nearly asleep against his chest, only held up by a gentle grip on his daddy’s chest hair.
With two quick strides across the room, Tony was up against the bed, watching Steve pick at the bed furs, his eyebrows drawn together and his mouth pulled into a frown. He did not want to interrupt whatever deep thought the Prime was having, but calming intimacy demanded it of him. So, against his better judgment, Tony climbed up onto the bed and squirreled his way under Steve’s arms to sit in his lap, kneeling on either side of his hips instead of wrapping his legs around him completely. Steve’s hands immediately settled on his back, pulling him in so he could rest his forehead against Tony’s sternum. They stayed like that for a long while, until Tony could feel through their bond that Steve had settled down.
Bruce choked on his water and Tony laughed heartily, smacking his knee in delight. The doctor drew in a ragged breath and shook his head at Tony’s giggles.
“I’m not going to ask,” he said, setting the tray down on the end of the bed, “Can you wake PJ up? I need to do his draw so we can get the samples to processing.”
It was torture to not have Steve there, and it did not affect only him: Peter began to fuss more. The only time the baby settled was when Tony tucked him in with one of Steve’s furs. So, outside of bed and nap times, Peter was a
Feeling pain rise up from where Steve was touching his neck, Tony knew Steve could see his bruising and that the makeup had come off. With a shaky laugh, Tony tried to look up, only to feel nauseous again, rolling in Steve’s arms to dry heave, spitting onto the ground to attempt to get the foul taste out of his mouth.
because he’s afraid he’ll punch holes in the walls. Clint’s wadded-up paper balls miss the trashcan.”
“Jesus, that looks painful,” He murmured, absentmindedly reaching up to press around one of his nipples.
—Sorry. Again. I think PJ knows I’m talking to you and wants in, but I’m trying to keep him from getting dirtier than he already is.”
“When he comes home, I will discuss it with him. I will not bond with somebody who is actively chasing a warrior’s end,” Tony promised, “It is not fair to me or to Peter to ask for a bond and then go out and die.”
Tony froze and nearly snapped his neck in turning to look at Rhodey. The realization that he was most likely going to have to feed his son in front of him made his face flare red with embarrassment. Sure, Rhodey was his best friend and had seen everything at least once, but Tony had no idea how he would react to the new development. Steve signaled him from the table and Tony sighed, resigning himself to his fate as he trudged over to sit between Steve and Rhodey.
made Tony’s brain halt. A thousand synapses fired, but all he did was stare back at Steve, open-mouthed and clearly confused.
Immediately, PJ let go and pulled his hand back, as if he had been spooked. He whimpered softly, shaking his head before grasping at his shirt with his free hand. The three adults all shared a look before Natasha slid to the ground to be at the boy’s eye level.
He held out clothing for him to change into, then beamed and picked up the top two articles and handed it over first. Confused, Tony took it, and upon realizing what they were, flushed a dark scarlet. The first was clearly underwear, but the bottom portion that sat between his legs was thicker, filled with padding for Omega slick. The second was a nursing undergarment, meant to support breasts that were filled with milk for their offspring. Tony shook his head and handed it back over, sheepishly keeping the underwear clutched in his hand.
“I can’t tell him!” Tony hissed, keeping his voice down as the elevator doors opened to Bruce’s lab, “Could you imagine? He’d wring my neck before—never mind. Forget about it. I want to see if PJ has the serum, and if he does… I don’t know what I’ll do. We’ll do. I’ll probably have to reinforce stuff so he doesn’t accidentally break sh—stuff.”
When he woke up, night had fallen, and the room’s candles had been lit, bathing the room in a gentle glow. His eyes adjusted, and he peered down at Peter, somehow still nestled on his chest. The babe was awake and fisting at his shirt, gently chewing on the fabric until Tony teased it out of his mouth.
Stopping himself mid-sentence, Steve was sure he about passed out, but a beaming grin found its way to his face anyway.
Tony laughed and Steve immediately pulled away, but he linked their hands together, keeping some contact between them.
Steve immediately yanked away his hand, but he’d dealt with tamping down his strength around Tony for years, and upon realizing what had happened, tried to reach out again, only for Tony to be whisked back into the bowels of the hospital. Before he could body slam the doors down, Bucky and Rhodey were in front of him, muscling him down into a waiting chair. Bucky immediately took residence on Steve’s lap, refusing to budge even when Steve pushed on him.
“Yeah. I guess. If that counts,” he mumbled, “After I—after that was finished, I pretty much went and told Rhodey right away. Not that he didn’t know, considering I went out with both men and women when we roomed together, but yes. You—Cap—is the first person I formally said that I was interested in all sexes to.”
“No,” Tony answered haughtily, “I am going to rest with my baby, and when I wake next, maybe I will think about it.”
Steve nodded, lips trembling as he leaned down to kiss Tony’s dirty forehead, not caring that he smelled of sweat, blood, and urine. God, if it weren’t for the pulse that he could feel under his fingertips, he’d be more than a right royal wreck. Still, he was afraid to cuddle Tony any closer, not wanting to aggravate the light in his chest.
“No more pulling out hairs, darling. Daddy needs those, sweet one,” Tony said, patting Peter’s bottom, “I will have to find you a toy or something to keep your hands occupied.”
Tony rolled his eyes and tugged down his shirt to show Rhodey his virgin glands, then flipped him off.
That seemed to satiate the Captain, so Tony relaxed a little, content to watch PJ noisily suck down what he presumed was juice, eyes flickering back and forth between the two men. He gave Tony a look, then proceeded to offer his sippy cup to him, sticking his thumb in his mouth.
Steve drew his eyebrows together and made a confused noise, jutting out his bottom lip to pout. His lips were so shiny and pink; Tony’s first instinct was to lean down and bite them, but he held back to keep from scarring both Peter and Rhodey.
“Are you alright, my love? You smell scared again,” Steve said softly, reaching up to cup Tony’s face, “Did… did I do something wrong?”
Perking up at his name, Tony trotted to the front of the class with his backpack on his small shoulders, smiling up at his Mother as she held out her hand for him to take.
to tell you,” Tony complained sourly, reaching up to rub his ear, “And hitting an injured person? That’s cold, honey bear. You’re mean.”
“Do a blood draw,” he said to the nurse, ignoring Steve’s look, “Send it to Dr. Banner, tell him to look for any sort of bacterial or viral strain or evidence of opiodic contamination.”
my shirt,” Tony tried to scold, unable to help his smile at the baby’s innocent look, “I will have to explain myself, you know.”
“You in there, Captain?” Tony asked slowly, reaching out to lay a gentle hand on Steve’s arms, “Do you understand what I’m saying?”
“So, do you have a favorite color now?” Tony asked PJ at the end of the book, poking the boy’s nose.
a long way from middle school—oof!” Clint grunted when Bucky elbowed him, only to be high-fived by Scott for the pun.
Steve at least had the decency to look a bit ashamed, so Tony took that as a win, readjusting himself in his chair as he tried to alleviate the pain in his ribs. Once the New York skyline came into view, he sighed softly and let JARVIS take them through landing, grunting with each jolt of the car.
He felt his skin prickle as they nearly ran through a large hangar, with their one measly guard forcing them into the back of a truck. A second guard slipped in with them, and the first guard hesitated, but ultimately slid into the driver’s side and started up the car.
“Of course not. I’ve got snacks and food in the bag,” Steve said, watching as Tony reached over the bed to pet PJ’s hair, “I figured juice would make him sleepy though and considering what went down, he probably didn’t get a nap like he’s supposed to have.”
Tony stilled, but neither man seemed to notice, skirting off into the bathroom and leaving him to cough to himself. He groaned and attempted to pull the furs up to his neck, squirming around in his makeshift nest to try and get comfortable. Heat swept over his body and flushed his skin, easily causing him to sweat up his brand-new clothing. With great difficulty he peeled himself out of his clothes and dropped them over the side of the bed, leaving only his padded undergarment to maintain some sort of modesty. Once he was settled back down, the bathroom door creaked, and the men reemerged with Peter whimpering between them. His instincts kicked in and he reached out to take the babe from them, tamping down his own grunt of discomfort at moving too fast.
Steve did as instructed, and slowly, PJ stood and crept back toward him, hesitating slightly before placing his small hand in the middle of Steve’s large palm. There were a few seconds before the boy finally relaxed, returning to being distracted by the room around him while keeping his hand in Steve’s own.
As if to punctuate his statement, the Hulk roared somewhere in the distance and an armored truck flew overhead the main battle, crashing off into the deep forest.
“He and Sam will get along well,” Tony mused, “Why not take him with you? I am sure Clint’s translations will suffice for the moment.”
“—He growled at me to get me to pay attention even though I cannot understand him. I growled back. Then…then it becomes fuzzy,” he continued, finding that it was difficult to force his eyes back open, “I think I had another episode.”
Tony narrowed his eyes at her, but he couldn’t help the smirk that twitched the corner of his lips. He rolled his eyes and went over to Sam, tapping his shoulder.
“Look, Tones. I’ve known you long enough to at least suspect when you’re not okay. If you want to talk, you know I’ve got your back.”
“I do not understand,” he said, failing to not flinch under the Warlord’s surprisingly gentle hand, “I am not from these lands—”
“Buck,” Steve pleaded softly, not taking his eyes off Tony as he threaded his gloved fingers through his husband’s sandy hair. “Please.”
Steve made that awkward I-really-don’t-want-to-do-this face, leaning down to gently pick PJ up by his armpits. Seeing that Steve legitimately
“Uh-uh. Not ‘llowed in the class. Gotta stay in the cubby,” Steve explained, hanging up Tony’s bag across from his own, “You can take stuff outta it, though.”
in the way he preferred, Tony exited the room and walked back down to PJ’s room, his boots clacking on the linoleum. He ignored the eyes that seemed to follow him, too concentrated on returning to PJ’s side to give a damn. As he opened the door to the suite, he stopped in his tracks, an all too familiar backside facing him, stretching out cotton and denim in a way that probably should be illegal.
“Yes, I can see it is a boy, that doesn’t mean it is a human boy,” Tony snorted, oblivious to her tone, “What is it?”
“I love you, Tony Stark,” he said honestly with a snuffle, “And—and even if I wasn’t there then, I’m so glad that you had Cap to help you, protect you and keep you safe. God, I’ve never been so thankful for Howard’s obsession seeping into you, though it’s probably the only thing I’ll ever thank the man for—well, and for starting the program to wake me up so I could meet you and fall in love with you, but off paper this time.”
Multiple things happened at once: Rhodey took the baby, Bucky pounced on Steve to drag him back a few steps, and Tony unsteadily bolted for the nearest waste bin to heave up what little he ate for breakfast. A cold yet soothing hand petted his neck and back as he stayed hunched over, spitting the foul taste out of his mouth. Unsteady, he carefully leaned back up, shooting Sam a grateful smile as the man kept a firm hand on his upper back.
“This doesn’t count as working?” Steve commented smugly, unable to hide his smirk when Tony turned to pout at him.
“He clearly doesn’t want to, and besides. My child,” Tony complained, moving the child to his hip, “Maybe I don’t want Cap’s dirty gloves all over him.”
Natasha snapped out a sentence, clearly angered as Thor spoke quietly and physically held her back. Upset by the mood shift, Peter’s soft sniffling exploded into a wail, causing a familiar head to peek up out of the crowd of people.
“Are you sure you want to stroke my ego this much?” Tony laughed softly, his eyes twinkling with mischief, “Though I’m not necessarily
Moving to turn on the water allowed him to hide his face from Steve. He shucked off Steve’s shirt and tossed it with his underwear to the side, only to feel fingers stroking his side. Steve’s fingers traced over his ribs, so he looked under his arm and saw a small bruise.
“Let me go,” he mumbled half-heartedly, pretending that he was not enjoying the hand rubbing his shoulder, “I need—Peter needs to be fed.”
fight you again if you keep your knothead shenanigans up. And, seeing how the last fight went, you should try and avoid more conflict. I--”
“Tony, let’s clean up and go watch that movie,” he said, going over to take Tony’s hand with a smile.
“Move! Move! Move!” Another guard shouted as they stumbled into a turn, causing Tony to grunt from the pain in his side.
“Considering we decided to babysit you, and it's going to be with my super hearing, you’re not going anywhere.”
Tony sighed and nodded, deciding to start with Steve’s left pec. He set the thermos down for now, using both hands to reach up and massage the muscle, swallowing heavily when Steve shuddered and groaned, arching slightly from the light touch. Tony couldn’t help but lick his lips as he watched the milk dribble from his nipple, sliding down his skin like sweat as it glistened in the firelight.
It was strange to feel saddened by it; he had become so attached to the Prime in such a short amount of time and wanted him back already. He tucked away the conflicting emotions and turned his attention to Peter, leaning down to press a kiss to the baby’s forehead. Pete blinked open his sleepy eyes and cooed, reaching grabby hands up to tug on his daddy’s beard.
Jerking his head, Tony stared as Steve got the message, nodding and practically sprinting from the room. Tony rolled his eyes, but he kept up his soothing talk to PJ, bouncing a bit to try and help his cries.
Tony watched with an open mouth as PJ settled in Steve’s arms, letting the blond take him into the bathroom without a fuss.
Tony laughed at that, only to groan at the pain in his neck. He looked up at PJ, the boy’s worry showing in the scrunch of his brows.
“Fine, but he stays right here with me,” he said, having to bite back a smile as PJ’s hand slipped into his own, “Nothing funny. I’m more than my devilish good looks, ma’am.”
“Be careful. You saw how I held him earlier, keep his--yes, like that. He just had a small episode, but hopefully, he will fall back asleep for you and not give you too much fuss,” Tony ticked off, “The Prime wishes for me to accompany him on a walk, so you do not mind watching Peter for a bit, do you? He has already been fed, and Bruce can fetch his dolly, so he should be--”
As soon as he walked into the dining room, Tony became increasingly aware of just how loud the Warlords could be: Sam was pounding the table in roaring laughter at something Bucky had said, Natasha was tending to Clint while talking to him and Rhodey, and Thor and Bruce were attempting to have their own conversation overtop of the noise. It was loud enough to make Peter shift and whimper in his carrier, so Tony quickly unwrapped him and cradled him close, shushing him while Steve went off to try to get the others to quiet down.
Sure, not the best pep talk to give when completely naked, but it hurried Tony along, right up until he needed to get under the spray.
“Oh, so he tells me he’s swiss cheese then changes the subject—I’m fine, it’s been relatively boring around here, save for the mutant son we—
As realization slapped him across the face, Steve’s eyebrows shot up to his hairline and his eyes bugged as he stared at the floor.
Steve tried to pull Tony into his lap, but Tony lightly smacked his hands, keeping the Alpha in check while he bustled around the bathroom. He ran the bathwater after cleaning up the mess from the haircut, then found a cloth to use, only to turn around and see Steve sliding down into the water with a groan.
“See? All better. You freaked out a bit and he could probably feel your tension from this morning, yeah? Everything is okay,” Tony said, pulling Steve in to have the Prime rest his head against his abdomen, “You did nothing wrong. I promise.”
They all complained, but Tony glared, jaw setting in place. Even Bucky put his hands up to placate him, quickly getting up to head off to the jet. Thankfully, it didn’t take long before they were alone, with Steve staring at the thermos in his hands and Tony looking at him nervously. He crept over to sit next to Steve, hesitating before wrapping an arm around him.
“Alright. You’re carrying him,” Tony said once he forced himself out of the car, swallowing a pained groan so he could walk around to open the passenger door to let the other two out.
Steve merely tapped his left ear and pointed at the door, smirking as Bruce walked in with a tray. Tony exhaled loudly in relief when Steve sat down in one of the chairs next to the bed; Bruce stopped, looking between the two men before rolling his eyes and going over to Tony’s side.
“Ah, yeah, I think I’m going to head out, leave you guys to the family stuff,” Steve said uncomfortably, rising from his chair.
“If you’re making milk, you need to get it out. If it stays in you, it can curdle in your pectorals and that’ll hurt like a bitch,” Bruce said simply, sitting down next to Thor.
Steve gently took hold of Tony’s hand between his own two, looking up under his long lashes to give him a small smile.
“I’m always here for you, Anthony,” Steve said seriously, forcing himself to meet Tony’s eyes, “I promise. Til the end of the line.”
“I feel like I should be offended,” he said, slowly dragging his eyes up from the child to Tony’s face.
“Yeah, but Pepper will wheedle at me to talk to him,” he whined, flopping down onto the bed again, “Can’t he just, y’know, hate me like a normal person?”
“Knock it off,” Tony snapped at both Steve and Rhodey, standing up from his chair, “Go have your knotting contest somewhere else.”
“Sam is right. We need to get both men back to normal,” Thor murmured, scratching his beard in thought, “How are we supposed to break a feral state?”
“I would have brought a more…sensible vehicle, but there are so many of you that I had no other option,” Jarvis said, giving Tony an apologetic smile.
Steve’s pout got bigger and moodier until Tony relented and rolled his eyes, making Steve beam and snuggle down onto Tony’s chest. Their moment alone was short-lived, considering that their ‘shower’ had taken forever, and Steve had elected to be cozy instead of useful.
If he was being honest, it was only an excuse to escape from the situation he had gotten himself into. It was easier to feign ignorance when he was not surrounded by people that may understand both of their dialects. Remembering this fact, Tony straightened up and turned around, staring like a caught burglar at the fairly large crowd that had gathered around them. He felt sweat roll down the back of his neck as he subconsciously took a step back, realizing that he had offended the leader of this group of people
“I apologize for earlier,” Tony murmured, allowing Steve to place a hand on his cheek, “I… jumped to conclusions. And that was in err. Please do not think less of me for it…”
“You have been very good to me. Most Alphas, let alone regal ones, would refuse to put up with someone as bull-headed and stubborn as me. You can have easily had us thrown back to the sharks or killed, but instead, you let us in to take care of us. Granted, it may take a while for us to fully understand each other, though I have heard that you really are soft-hearted.”
“You are such an ass sometimes, I swear you live to give me heart attacks,” she said, clicking her tongue, “You know Steve will scold you if he finds out you left, right?”
“I almost wish you were crying, my love,” he admitted, rubbing Peter’s back, “Maybe your Papa would calm down for you.”
Steve’s startled laugh warmed his belly and made him feel quite light inside; sensing a shift in the mood, he took the opportunity to lead Steve down to the infirmary, where a ruckus reached their ears before they ever reached the door. Once they got to the threshold, they realized why it was so loud: it seemed that all of the warlords had gathered in the room, breaking bread and taking turns cooing over the baby currently propped up in Rhodey’s lap. Tony cleared his throat and popped the bubble as everyone shut up and turned to look at him. Rhodey’s gaze flickered up and down his body and then over to Steve, where a smug look slowly spread across his face.
Tony forced a smile of his own and watched Steve walk off to the kitchen, only letting it drop when he was sure the other man was out of sight. He did
He showed off the bouquet, so Tony ducked slightly behind Steve, embarrassed about it. Natasha cooed softly over it, and Bucky made a face at Steve, to which Steve made a face back. Tony was confused, considering he couldn’t figure out what silent conversation they just had, but the soft kiss pressed to his cheek short-circuited his brain anyway, making any thoughts he was having fly out of the window.
The hand from his shoulder fell away and was replaced with two fingers under his chin, gently teasing him out from the safety of Peter. He blinked away tears to look up into Steve’s gentle eyes; his brow was furrowed in concern, but he still smiled, moving to cup Tony’s cheek with his hand. Leaning forward, he pressed his forehead against Tony’s and breathed out deeply, then breathed in just as deep, repeating the pattern. Tony let his eyes flutter shut as he copied Steve, already starting to feel better from the gentle touch. Once he had calmed enough that his scent began to sweeten once more—something he did not notice until Steve’s shoulders relaxed—Steve pulled away, slipping his hand from Tony’s cheek up into his hair.
“Bucky and I did that,” Clint butted in, having returned from the office the period prior, “So far, I’m winning, but he also didn’t get that skin piece—”
“How bad is it?” She asked, peeling off a strip of cheese from her cheese stick and popping it into her mouth.
wait to tell Pepper,” he wheezed, “She’s going to be so thrilled—ugh, but then T’Challa wins the pot—”
“He’s out in the hallway. Noise and mass amounts of people bother him,” Tony explained, shrugging, “We can go wait in the living room for you all to be done. It looks good, though. Homey.”
“Well,” Steve hummed, leaning down to whisper in Tony’s ear, “I really can’t believe I get to spend my life with you, love.”
PJ started to sob again, so Tony made the quick decision and went back over, scooping the boy up into his arms. He bounced him over to Steve and slid down to the floor, sitting on Steve’s lap and placing PJ between them.
A voice drew his attention and he turned his head toward Steve, scrunching his brows in confusion. The Alpha motioned at him to wait before jogging off, returning moments later with Thor in tow.
Tony settled back against his pillows, making himself comfortable while keeping an eye on the bathroom door. After a few minutes, Steve emerged with PJ, who looked a bit happier and eagerly toddled over to try and climb back up onto the bed.
“Alright, alright, we’re nearly done,” Tony said quickly, giving him a few good squeezes until the milk barely dripped out of his nipple, “There. Okay? Hold on.”
As Steve put his boots back on, PJ sat up, clearly annoyed at being awake. Still, he crawled over to Tony, who picked the child up and set him on his hip.
Steve choked on air as Tony held in his laughter, digging through the medical supplies for bandaging. The bath had taken care of the cleaning portion, so all he had to do was wrap Steve’s waist and give it a loving pat.
He eagerly climbed into the limo, finding himself squished between Pepper and Steve. The others were happily chattering amongst themselves, seemingly uncaring that they could all barely fit on the bench. Of course, Bucky tried to inspect the liquor cabinet, but Jarvis had padlocked it shut, which made Tony feel much better.
“JARVIS sent me the emergency ping, and I was already en route to the Tower, so I took a detour to save your ass,” the Colonel grunted as he put his hand on top of Tony’s, a fond glint in his eye, “How are you feeling?”
“Sorry I took so long. Kind of more purple than pink right now,” he managed, waving at the bruising on his face.
“It’s okay, Steve,” Tony finally murmured, putting a hand on the other’s back to rub comforting circles, “You freaked. It’s okay. He forgives you. Look.”
“Yeah, yeah, I got it,” Bucky snorted, “Just hold on for a moment, Clint will go get the others and we will keep your pretty pants intact.”
He moved to put a hand on the light and Tony flinched, immediately causing Steve to retract. Before he could keep his face from looking disappointed, Tony grabbed his hand and slowly moved it back down to rest it on the object. He sucked in a breath and stared at the light spilling through his fingers, feeling the machine whir and tick under his hand.
Steve pulled away sheepishly, reaching up to stroke his thumb over the place where his lips had been on Tony’s skin. He shivered again at the touch, involuntarily flicking out his tongue to wet his bottom lip before biting it between his teeth. Being under the Captain’s weighty gaze never failed to make him tingle with goosebumps, but with the heaviness of their conversation, Tony was sure that he was going to faint. Slowly, Steve leaned down, nudging his nose up against Tony’s to have him tilt his head, nearly brushing their lips together.
“Mm. He’d be okay with any of us, and you know it,” Natasha replied, rolling her eyes, “I’ll leave you to the nightly stuff, then. If you need anything, I think Wanda is still awake. Thor will be back tomorrow afternoon. Apparently, he’s bringing gifts.”
Before PJ could realize what was happening, Tony picked him up under his armpits and set him on the toilet, causing his face to turn from worry to bewilderment. Shivering from the cold porcelain, he looked at Tony, his face screwing up as if he was going to cry.
Thor looked bewildered but he relayed the information, at which the Prime sat up straight, narrowing his eyes at Tony. He snapped out a sentence, clearly angered by the admittance.
“Not for you, my love. Not to eat, anyway,” he soothed, turning off the tap and stepping into the warm water, “Are you hungry again, sweet one? It has been another eventful day; I would not be surprised—”
“Maybe you’re not the only one with the repertoire for taking care of the kid, Stark,” Natasha said quietly.
PJ tilted his head, but didn’t seem to complain, so Tony took that as a go-ahead. He first demonstrated for the boy to put his hands over his ears to help dull the noise of the bath filling. Once the water was at a good height and steaming hot, Tony helped to undress the child and had him stand on a bathmat.
“Alright, husbands,” the redhead in question called, clapping her hands together, “The question I asked your wives was, what is your spouse’s most irritating habit? Clint, we’ll start with you.”
Steve did not move from his place by the bed, nor did he speak, but the bond in Tony’s heart lightened to a more manageable flow of emotions. It made him dizzy and nauseous, yet he swallowed the feelings down to stumble toward the door. He barely got to the other side of the room when Steve appeared to open the door for him with their cloaks draped over his arm.
“Gross,” Clint shuddered, not venturing any deeper into the room, “Why would HYDRA need something like this?”
, children,” Bucky repeated, folding his arms over his chest, “Regardless of the actual count, it's still a high number. But it does mean we have physical records of what HYDRA did. However…we’re having trouble pinning down Zola or any of his high-up cronies to try and bring them in for charges. So far, we’ve just got word on movements, and even then, it's sparse.”
Scott and Clint hurriedly moved to shush him, but it was too late. The noise startled PJ, causing him to snap his eyes wide open. One brown and one blue eye quickly surveyed the scene, pure terror showing on his small face. Shaking like a leaf, he turned his face up toward Tony, tears already starting to fall down his cheeks.
Steve had no reaction to him, save for a small sigh. He stood up and stretched—to which Tony found himself unable to look away—and shuffled to his closet, blindly grabbing clothes to toss onto the bed. He then picked out a second outfit for himself and tiredly trudged to the bathroom, quietly shutting the door behind him.
“I know, I know, all done,” Tony whispered, “You were so good, my love. Such a good Alpha, so kind--”
“Come, darling. We have a lot to catch up on,” Tony said softly, smiling at Steve’s still bewildered look, “Beginning with Bruce teaching me a few pointers on how to speak like a Northerner.”
The kid grunted but did as was asked, the tighter hold on his elephant not going unnoticed. Steve moved around the bed, crouching down as he rested his hand on PJ’s back.
Steve laughed breathily and scooted in to nose at Tony’s cheek, leaving a trail of butterfly kisses down to his ear.
“He has definitely been through physical torture,” she continued softly, turning her gaze to PJ, “There’s evidence to show that he most likely has several improperly healed fractures and breaks on his ribs. Though we’re waiting for the CAT scan machine to be prepped, I would bet that it’ll show us exactly that. However, there may be more damage than that to other bones, or possibly his organs. We’ll just have to wait and see. I want you to be aware of the worst case scenario here.”
“I know, sweet thing. We have to,” Tony sighed, “Believe me, I do not like it any more than you do, but clean means
“Shhh, my love, I am here,” he whispered, finding that it was easier to talk that way, “You must be ready for a change and something to eat—”
At that moment, the lights flickered on, causing both Steve and Clint’s jaws to drop at the sight of Tony Stark holding a blue-ish, pale toddler wrapped in a dirty blanket.
Still fairly unimpressed, Tony huffed and looked over at Peter, only to smile at the drowsy baby. He pressed a kiss to Pete’s forehead and rubbed his back, smiling as he started to drift off.
“That’s it. You can sit. Time for socks and sneakers, then you’re all good,” Tony continued to talk to PJ, soothing him as he slipped the items onto the boy and set the shoes’ velcro straps, “There you go, buddy. Why don’t you go show Tasha how good you look, huh? She likes a well-dressed man.”
He fisted his hands into Steve’s shirt to yank him down to his height, feverishly kissing him over and over again, unable to help the happy purr in his throat once Steve relaxed into it. There was a laugh, so Tony grunted, gently nipping Steve’s bottom lip and swiping his tongue over the point to ease the pain.
“No one gets used to it. Now, go feed him, I’m going to go fill Pepper in on everything. I’ll leave out the details, but I’ll let her know you may have to leave on short notice,” Rhodey said, leaning up off of the counter, “Call when you leave for the Sahara. I can stay here and be the babysitter. You might need Uncle Clint on duty.”
Rhodey leveled a look at him, causing Steve to slowly sink back down into his chair. After a nod, Rhodey turned back to Tony, a smirk stretched out over his lips.
“Sure. Let me use my ridiculously buff body to make you a sandwich, your majesty,” Steve snorted, standing from the table to go make a plate.
“Leaving out food in the open and then consuming it when it should be thrown away,” Bucky snorted, busy scribbling on his cardstock, “It’s disgusting. Like, I get that Clint can eat
PJ looked warily between him and Steve, his once-clean fingers now stuck back in his mouth and being chewed on. Sighing softly, Tony decided to leave it be, considering that it helped to keep the boy calm. Slowly, the boy put his other hand in Tony’s, letting Tony hold his hand lightly. Standing back up, he turned to Steve, a slightly forced smile on his lips.
PJ reached out toward Tony, patting his small hand on his face against his beard. Tony snorted, taking him from Steve’s arms to hold close to his chest.
“Dramatic, hm? I should not have expected less,” Tony said, quickly moving to unlatch Peter and lay the babe down on the bed, “Stay still. Just another minute, hm?”
He knew that bear; Tony kept him on top of their dresser, even though he was slightly ratty and missing a button eye. He constantly told Steve that Captain Ameribear would protect them and watch them while they slept, and Steve had just joked back that voyeurs weren’t really his thing. Sitting back, Steve let the information sink in for a moment, a million thoughts swirling in his head: he knew about Howard, so he knew that at this point in time, Tony was well into the physical abuse stage. Was this how Tony had been coping all these years? By writing stories about him, Captain America, yelling at a child about how it was his fault for getting hurt when in reality, it was because Howard Stark was a piece of shit?
“Holy fuck you’re in love with me,” Steve said, immediately clapping his hand over his mouth once he realized he’d said it out loud.
Steve’s brows shot up to his hairline before he backed off with a sheepish grin, putting a hand on the back of his neck.
“And what of mama?” Tony interrupted, shoving down the pain at hearing Mary’s name, “Does she know?”
Now that he wasn’t pressed up against the bars on the bed, Tony rolled his shoulders, wincing at the new ache that settled in the joints.
Peter huffed as he stuck a hand in his mouth to chew on, flailing his other arm up to beat on Tony’s chest. Laughing, Tony gave Pete his finger to hold onto, smiling at his boy’s antics.
“That’s what I’m afraid of,” Tony replied guiltily, putting his hand on top of Steve’s on PJ’s back, “I don’t want—I don’t want him to suffer any, but I also know it’ll help us understand HYDRA’s intentions better if we have more information.”
Tony got himself turned around and ran a few feet when Steve’s mass barreled into him; he screamed and groaned as he was knocked over and brought down to the ground with all of Steve’s weight on his back. He tried to move, but Steve slipped his arms under him to wrap around his torso and hold him in place. The new position allowed him to breathe a little better. However, he was not a fan of being crushed.
“I only wanted to keep you safe,” the Prime said quietly, “I cannot apologize for that…. but I did not mean to turn us into animals. I
want to have a conversation about his pain, but he knew they needed to talk about it, even if Steve tried to force him to have an examination. Embarrassment flared in his face at the thought, so Tony ducked his head and forced himself to think on other things, like how he was going to explain his bond to Rhodey.
“I--I tried holding him, changing him, laying with him… he only just fed, but he could be hungry,” Steve babbled, trying to push Peter into Tony’s arms.
“Yeah! I heard your house’s got, like, two hundred rooms,” Sam exclaimed, hanging up his costume with a grin, “And that you got your own theatre and
“We cleaned him up, so he may be fussy,” Bruce explained, an oddly wistful smile on his face, “After a meal, he should settle—are you feeling warm?”
“Oh, Tony,” Steve answered softly, a fond smile twitching up his lips, “Sweetheart, you know I love you for all of you, yeah? Even the parts I don’t know yet. You don’t have to look like you’re about to give me your third testicle in a box. I promise that I’ll love you just as much, if not more, after looking at whatever it is.”
He pulled Steve into the bed, somehow tucking the larger boy up against him. Sure, the pressure irritated his now itchy bandaging, but Steve was back in his arms,
Steve growled lowly, only able to get his hand through the bars due to his size. He touched Tony’s knee with his fingertips, then let out a pathetic whine when he realized he could not touch him more.
Tony chattered on as he went about drawing a bath, careful to test its temperature before easing them both into the water. Peter seemed content to splash around one-handed as he was bathed, tucked up into Tony’s chest. Careful to not move too quickly, Tony sat up and tilted the baby backward, making sure he was properly supported as he washed his hair.
Just a foot away from the door, Tony stopped, flinching as the shadow in the doorway soon turned into the looming figure of his father. Though he was dressed in a pressed suit, the stench on him and the look on his face immediately told Tony he had been drinking out of the big adult bottles of drink again. Which meant he was in trouble.
through so much shit. I’m fully prepared to drop the bomb if Steve even so much as combs his hair wrong, you know?”
“Tony, you think I don’t want to be around you?” Steve asked, his jaw tightening as his eyes flashed.
“Speaking of ravishing… would you help me again? With my…. aches,” he mumbled, “The numbing has gone away already.”
“Clothes?” Tony asked, then sighed and shook his head, reminding himself about the language barrier.
“It has been a rough day, hm?” He murmured, stroking the back of Steve’s neck, “You should rest. I cannot imagine how exhausted you must be.”
“It’s not yours, either, Anthony,” Pepper pointed out, shaking her head, “No one could have seen this coming. And the fact—the fact that you even took in Peter—”
Thor hesitated, but after the Prime clapped a hand to his shoulder, he quietly gave Tony’s answer. The man immediately brightened, turning his smile to Tony. Gently, he reached out to cup Tony’s face in his large hand, threading his fingers into Tony’s hair. Stunned, Tony could only blink back, feeling his skin prickle under the man’s well-calloused hand. He was overwhelmed; Peter was fussing again, his world was turned upside down in only a few turns of the sun, and all he could think of was how he had missed his chance to give his mother a hug before he left. With all of the Alphas staring at him, he began to cry, which quickly turned into deep, mournful sobs that wracked his thin body. Another hand found its way to his shoulder, giving him a second anchor to focus on. He tried to blink the tears away, distantly aware that Thor was telling him what was happening, but he could only think about Peter, trying to calm himself down so his scent would not set off the infant.
As a tightness settled deep in his chest, Tony knelt, holding his hand out toward PJ. Immediately, the boy dashed over, hiccupping as he shakily set his tiny hand in the middle of Tony’s palm.
Tony sighed and nodded, knowing Steve was right. If Peter began to fuss, they may be stuck here all night, and he did want to spend time with the others, and
; Mother only kissed his cheek sometimes and held his hand, and Father never showed him any sorts of physical affection, so to have Steve hug him made Tony want to cry at how warm and safe he felt. Instead, he tucked himself up against Steve, and after tentatively wrapping his own arm around him, fell asleep for their nap time.
“Fuck, I cried all over your tux. You can’t get married in a tear-stained tux,” Tony sniffled, pulling back to rub at his eyes.
“You and Steve are going to be here with me, running satellite. Plus, I heard you’re good with kids,” Tony continued, a smile on his lips, “So you’re on babysitting duty.”
He tried to pat Steve’s back again, but he really was much bigger than Tony ever remembered and had trapped his upper arms in his hug, so Tony settled for putting his hands on the sides of Steve’s torso, gently rubbing circles to try and comfort him.
towels. He quickly took them from the guard, padding back over to PJ to hand one to the child before wrapping his own around his waist. Then, he bundled up the tot in his own towel and scooped him up into his arms, exiting the shower and grabbing the Captain America pajamas. He followed the guards to an adjoining room to change, sighing at the nurse that was staring at him. Having lost all his modesty in his teens, Tony quickly set PJ down and dried himself off to the best of his ability. Then, turning to put his body between the boy and the guards, he quickly took PJ’s towel to get the boy dry, smiling at the child’s small smile when his hair was ruffled.
The water in the bathroom shut off and he froze, silently praying to any deity out there that Steve did not notice his problem and went about his day. Of course, the heavens seemed to have it out for him, as the Alpha merely returned to Tony’s bedside and climbed into the single bed, having to spoon up against Tony’s back to make them fit. Tony squeaked as Steve slipped an arm over his waist and pulled him in, leaning up to kiss the spot behind Tony’s ear as he settled down.
He looked over at Thor, expecting to see disgust or even concern, but the giant merely stared back at him, more confused than before.
Eyes widening, PJ nodded quickly, letting go of Tony to grasp at Natasha’s curls. A rare smile skirted across her lips as she put her hand out, letting the boy hold onto her. Together, they walked over to the group of Avengers; quickly, Natasha scooped him up under his armpits and set him on his feet on the arm of the couch, putting him at everyone else’s height.
Tony frowned, but nodded anyway; whenever he and Steve got into fights, they were often explosive, and knowing Bruce, he would want to stay as far away from that as possible. Quickly packing up his bag, Tony offered Bruce a two-fingered salute, jogging back out of the school and to the field to see that the stands were starting to fill with parents from both teams.  He dumped his backpack into the pile of his teammates’ bags, grinning when Clint tossed him a water bottle.
“Of course, the Omegas are left to fix the problem,” Tony said, unable to help a cheeky grin when Natasha snorted.
Rhodey winked and snuggled himself closer, tucking his head into Tony’s neck to scent him. Tony grumbled, but it had been so long since he had seen his best friend, so he carefully did not look at Steve and pretended like he was not aware of what was going on. Instead, he turned to his dinner, making sure to pay attention to Peter while he ate. The one time he snuck a look at Steve, the Prime was staring back at him, his eyes seeming to bore into his soul. He quickly looked away, unsure if the feeling in his stomach was fear or guilt.
Steve let his head flop back and he whined louder, causing Tony to giggle even more. Gods, it was like they were children sneaking into the house long after they were supposed to be asleep. How they made it to their room unseen was a miracle, and Tony wasted no time in using his momentary good fortune to push Steve into the bathroom.
“Oh. It’s a tissue,” Tony explained, plucking one out of the box, “It’s like a mini disposable cloth that you use to clean stuff. Mainly faces. Like this.”
It didn’t take long for the shield’s contents to be made into mounds of hotcakes and quickly be devoured by the Avengers. Tony waited to eat last, making sure each of the soldiers, plus the demigod and gamma bomb, each had their fill before spearing a cake with one of Clint’s arrows to nibble on. His nerves never let him eat much, but from the way Steve stared at him until he took it, he knew he’d have to at least make the attempt.
Subconsciously, Tony began to arrange the pillows around them in a circle, then grabbed the furs to drape over himself and Peter’s legs. The babe was laying next to his head and only a small glance at Peter’s face told him everything he needed to know.
Tony waited for PJ to put his hand on his palm again before slowly moving toward the bathroom on the main floor. Every few steps, the boy glanced back, dragging his feet a little.
PJ nodded against his chest, his hand splaying out across the glass of the arc reactor; he seemed to be calmed by the light, and after a few minutes, familiar snuffles of the boy’s snoring filled the otherwise silent room.
PJ tapped Tony’s palm once, then nodded, taking his fingers out of his mouth to use his arm to wipe his face off. Laughing softly in relief, Tony stood on shaky legs, helping PJ to his feet so they could go find that box of tissues. Stepping out into the living room, they were both suddenly aware of the entirety of the team looking at them, various boxes and books scattered around the room. Tony looked down at PJ, watching the boy inch behind his legs as he looked at each of the strangers looking back.
, my lovely little wife that I want to protect and treasure in my stupidly clumsy hands until this earth crumbles under us. No matter how bad you might feel, how depressed you get, how much you want to stay in bed and never move again, I will be right there with you to curl up with you and hold you and feed you until you feel like you can find the strength to move again. You don’t have to be strong, Tony. I can be strong for the both of us.”
Eventually, there was a heavy set of three knocks on the door before it opened again, this time a little more gently than before.
of all places. Of course, he was thrown by the information, but we talked it out and agreed that it was better to let you tell him on your own terms,” Rhodey explained, having finally settled from his laughter, “Man, that was
Startled, Tony turned it over just to make sure nothing was on the back. It wasn’t their anniversary and no holidays were coming up…what was he up to? Concerned, he opened the folder: on the left were a few slips of drawing paper, and on the right, a composition notebook was tucked in the pocket with a sticky note of its own on it.
“It is a crown of flowers. Daisies are still in season,” Freya explained, sympathy soaking her voice, “Perhaps it will bring some blessing as you and the little one adjust to your new home.”
“Where were you? You missed lunch again,” Steve asked immediately, scooting so their shoulders were touching.
“Support his head,” She repeated, maneuvering Tony’s arms to properly hold the boy, “When kids are this weak, their necks don’t really have enough strength to be held like this without support.”
“Good boy,” Tony soothed, petting Peter’s wispy hair as they moved back out into the bedroom, “That’s it, take your time. No rush this morning, my love.”
The men stopped and Steve’s hand went still, causing another chill to raise bumps on Tony’s arms. He looked up and swallowed nervously, not liking the man’s careful gaze from above him. Then, the man huffed, and the corner of his lips twitched up as he brought the crest up to carefully place it over Tony’s head to settle around his neck. Stunned, Tony’s mouth fell open and he reached up to grab at the crest, picking it up to stare at it before looking back up to stare at the man again. Steve asked a question quietly into his ear and patted his back, either concerned about his lack of response or making sure he was okay.
. Your obsession with me caused you to lose your damn mind, almost kill my closest friend, and nearly take me on the floor of the dungeon. Then, when I
“Ah, perhaps we should bring in your bedding,” Thor said to fill the silence, “I am sure you are exhausted from your journey?”
“James Barnes is The Prime’s right-hand man. They have been sworn brothers since diapers,” he continued, smiling despite Peter’s loud protests, “If you want to know anything about our Prime, he is the man to go to. He also helps lead, train, and organize our armies and defenses. He is the one our Prime was most interested in you relaying your new information to.”
“Uh—right,” he said, looking at Tony but not quite making eye contact, “Bucky—the arm will be a good distraction for PJ. And maybe he can talk better to the kid about being under HYDRA’s hold. Good plan, Stark.”
They clasped hands and parted, but Tony skidded to a stop and started to run back toward his room. He could hear them shouting at him, but he only needed one thing--thankfully, their quarters had not been infiltrated yet, so he grabbed the item and some other necessities. Clint looked murderous when he met them halfway, but Rhodey stilled him before he could chastise him.
Thankfully, the path toward the Northern Territory was nothing more than a dense forest, giving Tony the dark cover he needed as he pushed on day and night, only stopping for food and drink when his feet began to protest. That, and whenever his bundle shifted. It was now the fifth morning of traveling by foot and based on his food supply, he was either going to have to start to hunt and cook or hope that he found his way to a Warlord camp. For now, he found a large, hollow oak to take refuge in, sheltering himself and his bundle. He had barely settled down when rain began to sound around him, pounding down on the strong tree. He was dry, though, so Tony paid it no mind.
Comments and kudos are really appreciated! I really do read all of the comments but I usually forget to answer... oops.
“Yeah, yeah,” Tony snorted, rolling his eyes, “Once he gets leave, he’ll come visit. He’s not all too thrilled with the name, but I think that once he meets the kid he’ll change his mind.”
?” Tony shrieked, attempting to ignore the dark red flush that covered Steve’s face and neck, “We—we are not—that is the
He backed up until he hit the wall and slid down to his haunches, curling up around Peter to soothe him. The sound of running feet had him looking up to see Natasha approaching with a broom, which she used to whack against the cell so Steve would scurry back. He hissed at her, so she smacked the cell again for good measure, baring her teeth until he settled down.
Once everyone had a slice of cake and a plastic cup of water or juice, they settled around the large family dining table, somehow unable to fill up all of the chairs despite their number. Tony was seated next to Scott, who, seeing that Steve hadn’t sat down yet and that there was no chair on the other side of Tony, willingly moved without either of them saying anything.
“Hey Tony?” Steve asked as he settled onto his cot, turning to face Tony, “You’s really swell. I liked playing with you today.”
,” Tony growled, pushing his voice in the hopes that it would make Steve see reason, “I am no daisy needing to be coddled and kept in a glass cage. I
Natasha fixed him with a stare, but she ultimately relented and opened the cell door for Tony to enter.
“McCoy, no surprise. Apparently, Erik put his own kid in, Pietro,” Clint said, nodding toward a scrawny boy with grey hair dressed in the Xavier school’s classic yellow and black soccer uniform.
“Be careful!” Tony called, offering his arm to lead Pepper out onto the floor before dropping his voice, “Sorry. He’s starting to become more comfortable, which means Steve’s nature is kicking in.”
“Didn’t want to see your face when you realized how fucked up I was,” Tony murmured back, not looking up from his work.
“When this is done,” he said, looking into Steve’s teary eyes, “I promise you, I’ll take you to see her. We’ll go together. Alright? You’re not alone in this. Same way I know that I’m not alone in this, either. Sure, I’m not exactly a kickass, beautiful dame, and nothing about our lives is ever going to be normal, but you’ve got me, the team, and now this small bean. If Aunt Peg was here, she’d be proud, Steve. I know she would be.”
Tony blushed but rapidly shook his head, pouting at Bucky’s laugh. This year, a few new girls joined their class and he had become fast friends with Virginia Potts, who he started calling ‘Pepper’ because of her no-nonsense attitude. However, whenever a boy started to be friends with a girl, rumors started to swirl. Which made Tony mad.
Steve cried out and bit down on Tony’s shoulder, hips stuttering up into his hand as he came on command, coating Tony’s hand and their cocks with his spunk. Tony followed right after, adding to the mess as it dripped down his knuckles and soaked into Steve’s suit underneath them. He panted heavily and wiped the sweat from Steve’s brow with his other hand, wiping his other hand on his own undersuit.
“I’m…as expected,” Tony answered carefully, staring at the chicken in the pan, “I need to talk to Steve. I’m used to shoving this stuff down into the pit that used to be my sternum. Him? Not so much.”
Tony took the elephant from Steve and put it between his belly and PJ’s face, grinning as the boy grumbled again.
Glaring over at Clint’s shit-eating grin, Tony merely turned his gaze to Steve, sighing as he realized the situation he was about to put himself in.
If it weren’t for the thought that perhaps Howard would bring him back to life and beat him to death again, he would have killed himself.
“Like what? Live at Steve’s for the rest of my life and put him and Sarah in danger? He’s sent people to get me before, and…”
Tony stumbled into the elevator and called out to JARVIS to take him to the penthouse without stopping, slumping against the back wall with a soft groan. He needed his MIT hoodie that he’d stolen from Rhodey, an Irish coffee, and a nice few days of nonstop working to soothe his already heavily damaged self-worth.
Bruce, Steve, and Clint filtered back into the room, sitting with their respective parties. Tony noticed that the others seemed fairly comfortable, but turning to Steve, the Captain was unusually distracted, flicking through his Starkpad.
Steve brought Tony’s hands up and kissed his knuckles, giving him a moment to breathe and compose himself. He sucked down a few breaths and squeezed Steve’s hands in thanks before nodding and starting up again.
A sudden surge of longing spread through his chest at the term, causing Tony to almost choke on his breath. He turned to the ginger, painful fondness evident in the tired wrinkles around his eyes.
“Easy there, Alpha. You need to be prepared for me, and it will take longer without slick,” Tony soothed, “Relax yourself and let me get you ready.”
“I like that you take such good care of the little one,” he said once they pulled apart, “He will come around to the idea if he is as good of a friend as you profess.”
Tony did not need the bond to know that Steve did not believe him for one second. However, the Warlord eventually let himself relax and his shoulders sagged with the weight of the day. It was pitiful, sort of like a kitten that had gotten caught in the rain, and Tony could not help but wrap his arms around the man and kiss his cheek to comfort him.
“Hey! Dum-E and J count,” Tony argued, watching Bruce pick up a seamstress’ measuring tape as he began to take down PJ’s measurements, “And, besides—I
“I’m getting—I’m getting an odd reading,” He answered distantly, eyes glancing across the feed on the inside of his mask, “There’s a heat signature, but it’s not an agent. It’s too small. Maybe an animal.”
“Come home safe,” Tony repeated once they pulled away, panting as he ran his thumb over Steve’s swollen bottom lip, “Do not make me fall for you only to lose you.”
“What the hell?” The guard asked, just as Tony cradled PJ to his chest and dived to the far side of the truck.
Steve grinned at Tony’s breathy laugh, nudging his cheek so he would turn for a kiss. He eagerly claimed Tony’s mouth, tangling their tongues together as he spread his fingers. Tony gasped and cried out, barely able to keep up his kisses as he panted moans and shoved himself down onto Steve’s fingers.
Slowly, he washed down Tony’s chest, paying careful attention to his nipples. They were red and sore from Peter’s constant feeding, no doubt causing them to become extremely sensitive. Steve swallowed his shyness and tried to play with the nubs as best as he knew how, using Tony’s responses as a guide.
Whatever it was, Peter was more curious than fussy, so Tony felt a little calmed by that. He walked down the hallway toward the staircase and heard a commotion from the dining room. Believing that he would find some of the others to ask where Steve went, he threw open the doors, and the sight that greeted him nearly made him faint. The tables and chairs had been knocked over and cutlery and place settings were scattered about. Rhodey was struggling on one end of the room, barely restrained by Clint and Sam. Steve stood at the other end, equally as angry and forcibly wrestling against the grips of Thor, Bucky, and Natasha. The sound of the doors slamming shut made everyone jump and whip around to look at Tony, who could only open his mouth slightly as he tried to understand what was happening. Rhodey took one glance at Tony’s clearly bruised neck and began to growl loudly, feet scraping on the floor as he tried to escape his captors.
The backtalk was unappreciated, and Tony let him know with a hard smack to his ass. Steve lurched forward with a yelp, then dissolved into broken moans as Tony began to thrust. Originally, he wanted their first time this way to be slow and gentle, but evidently, Steve had grown too big for his britches and needed to be taken down a notch. Grabbing Steve’s left shoulder and his right hip for leverage, Tony pulled him back at the same time he moved his hips forward, driving his cock as deep as he could with each thrust. The brutal pace turned Steve into a sobbing, pleading mess, and each time he reached for his own cock for some relief Tony slapped his hand away.
“You are already so tight around my fingers… I bet you will feel just as good around my prick, no? I want to fuck you open until you are loose and sloppy and feel empty without me inside you. One day I will have you like this in our bed, where I can tie you to the bedposts and fuck you whenever I please, like a good little Omega, hm?”
PJ nodded from inside the towel, giggling when Tony plucked it off to show his face. Thankfully, all of the boy’s clothes matched relatively well, so he didn’t waste too much time on picking out an outfit, merely wanting to get it onto the child. Once his shoes were velcroed together, Tony set him on the floor with a kiss on his cheek, causing the boy to squeal in laughter.
“Steve, Nat, and I thought it would be best if everyone was on the same page,” the scientist explained, nodding, “We went over the content, and of course it’s awful, but having a better understanding of the lengths HYDRA is willing to go to…”
“Awe, yes, I love you too, peanut,” He giggled, knowing Tony was probably horrified, “Now, can you love Daddy for me for just a bit longer ‘til I get home? Give him lots of kisses and hugs for me.”
They looked at each other for a few quiet moments; Tony looked away first, fingering the album in his lap as he tried to think of what to say. Thankfully, Steve filled the silence.
Thor translated to Steve and let him skirt around them before turning to the room, getting their attention with a clap of his hands. Looking at the blank faces staring back at him, Tony swallowed nervously, noting the absence of the physician. As Thor introduced him in the Northern language, he studied the other Warlords; he recognized most of them from being in the throne room on the day he had arrived.
They stared at each other for a moment, the emotions and the weight of the situation somehow both heavier on their shoulders and also lifted. After a second, they laughed until Steve started to cry again, hanging his head until his chin touched his chest.
“Alright. So, you’ll be paired into couples. Half of you will go in a different room, and I’ll ask your spouses a question about you. They’ll give an answer, then you’ll come back and answer the question yourself. If your answers match, you’ll get points. The couple with the most points wins,” she explained, “Got it?”
He climbed into the bath with him and started their routine by distracting Peter with tickles and pokes as he soaped him up. The toddler was enjoying himself, but then Tony moved to his hair and he became very still and quiet.
“Don’t worry, Stark, I’m sure the Captain is fine,” Thor added, petting Bruce’s hair from where the doctor had fallen asleep on his shoulder, “He has survived worse.”
PJ looked absolutely frightened, but he patted Tony’s hand anyway, visibly trying to blink away tears in his eyes. Feeling his heart break a little more, Tony hurriedly wiped PJ’s face, immediately putting the cloth down once he was done to use the towel to dry him off.
He hummed negatively and pressed a kiss to Peter’s temple, moving the babe to his shoulder so he could rock them back and forth and pat his back.
, I’ve got you,” he soothed, his heart aching at how positively upset the boy was, “Look, Papa and Uncle Clint already changed your sheets, and now Papa’s gonna come with us for some warm cuddles. Cuddles are really, really manly, you know. They also can solve any problem
“Thank you,” Tony breathed, blinking away hot tears as gratitude and relief welled up inside of him, “I cannot—I am so thankful—”
Sniffling, Tony rubbed his eyes, and Steve immediately wrapped his arms around him, pulling Tony in tight. He tucked his head into the crook of Steve’s neck and held him back, uncaring that the grass stains on Steve’s clothes were probably making his own clothes dirty.
Steve growled and closed their bedroom door, keeping his back to Tony as he gathered himself. Once he turned around, Tony offered up a small smile, holding his hand out to beckon Steve over. He wiggled his fingers, taking Steve’s hand once the Alpha was close enough.
“Yep,” Tony blurted, side-stepping around Steve to head to the elevator, “C’mon, kiddo, let’s go get you juice and do stuff. Yeah?”
“Okay, okay. Don’t worry, I’ll take care of it. Just—try to tuck that on the back burner for now, alright? Now, let’s get this other one done, and we’ll go from there.”
“I really am sorry,” Steve said sadly, finding the strength to lean back up and look down at where they were joined together, “It was not always like this. I was… much smaller as a child. It was not until my early adulthood that I filled out. It… it really is not as glamorous as one would think. I would guess that at your brothels, none of your partners have run from the room at the sight of your prick, no?”
“Fines are for people who park in illegal places, Tony,” he’d said, plucking his glasses off to clean on his shirt, “You’re not fine. I’ll find out what it is, but I’d prefer it if you told me.”
With a sigh, Tony scooped up PJ wrapped in the blanket into his arms again, holding him close to his chest. He bounced the child slightly, trying to help keep him warm.
“Easy there, we have to make this last, son,” Tony whispered, pulling the drink away, “Not too much longer, I promise. I’ll bathe you and clothe you properly as soon as I can, sweet one.”
Steve shook his head and rolled them over so he was hovering above Tony, making Tony laugh at the man’s eagerness.
“It’s not that big,” Tony protested weakly, plucking off his cottontail and headband, “It’s real empty.”
“I will be, partially,” he said confidently, a whisper of a smirk on his lips, “After we get married, that is.”
Tony tried to frown, but he found a bashful smile of his own on his face, making him bite his lip to keep from grinning too big. Steve just had that effect on him: he was so honest, whether it be about something good or bad, and receiving a Steve Compliment never failed to make Tony feel a flutter in his chest that his doctor had said he need not worry about.
“Okay, so this is a washcloth,” he explained, showing the small rag to the boy, “I’m going to put it in the water and get it soapy, then clean you off. You might get a little cold, but it’ll go away once we’re done. Alright?”
Tony couldn’t help his giggle at that, seeing how serious Steve actually was, despite the lack of any dishes to actually be cleaned. Both boys turned to look at him, and Steve grinned, but Bucky scowled deeper, if that was somehow possible.
“Shh, Tones, you can have all the hugs you want in a minute, okay?” Rhodey mumbled back, stroking a hand down his back, “Let me get—oh, jeez, the ginger took her heel off and has it against Steve’s neck, man. For real, who
“Tony, you were a hero long before you were Iron Man,” Steve said softly, “Sure, you may not have had the suit, but you were still Tony Stark. And yes, I realize you may not necessarily like that, but it’s true. You have always been a good man, Tony. Your origin story was just a lot more complex than most. And that’s okay.”
“I think it has to do with the death of the birther,” Bruce murmured, “I wonder if the bond between the mother and Peter got transferred to you upon her passing and the extreme situation you found yourself in elevated that bond.”
“Tony, love. You aren’t, and you never will be. You are so much more than he ever was,” Steve murmured, pointedly moving up to sit on the bed, resting a hand on Tony’s knee, “You couldn’t ever be like him, even if you
longer than you have, and even if he and I are not bonded, I still care about him and he is still going to remain as one of my closest friends, whether you like it or not. Sure, he should not have flown off the handle, but--”
It was quiet again, and Tony took the opportunity to look out of the window, watching the fields and trees roll below them. There was a sigh from the backseat, which nearly made him turn around to start another shouting match, but he kept his mouth clamped shut, deciding to be the bigger person.
Unbeta'd. Comments, kudos, and art really appreciated. You can ask me questions over at @avengersasssemble on tumblr.com.
“Bucky’s words. And it's not exactly false. Poor guy was hit hard. He would have been dead if he hadn’t gotten the serum,” he continued quietly, looking over when he heard tiny feet pattering down the hallway, “He talks about it sometimes. I think the whole idea of being alive for this long freaks him out. I mean, think about it. You grow up believing you’ll be dead before you hit twenty-five and then you’re suddenly both over a hundred and somehow also just over thirty. I can’t—”
“You can see that they are fine. You might make things worse if you wake them up, you know. Tony does not know that your damn brain came back to you and might freak out if he wakes up and you are hovering over him,” Natasha snapped.
Steve gave a tight nod, so Tony applied pressure, unable to help his soft gasp as milk spurted from his nipple in a stream into the thermos. He barely managed to hold on, as Steve was writhing and arching under him, lip firmly between his teeth to hold back his whimpers.
time he had been fingered open today, and it seemed that Steve was being more thorough this time around by stopping every now and again to add more ointment. It was goddamn
“That I more than love you,” he said back, surprising both Tony and himself, “I like you, too. More than a friend. I like-like you.”
“Don’t you dare use your puppy dog eyes on me, mister. Once you can eat better, we’ll all go out as a big family and eat the greasiest burgers we can find, okay? Give us a few days to protect you and hold you,” he said, picking up Tony’s hand to kiss his knuckles, “Okay?”
Tony set his water aside and jogged over to the stands, finding Steve sitting with Sarah in their usual spot. Grinning, he sidled up next to Steve, going up on his tiptoes.
“Uh, yeah. Ma’s not happy I picked that up from camp. She’s not happy that you haven’t been coming around, either. Every time I brought—uh, not you, home, she’d get on my case. Said I needed to keep an eye on you, said it’s not fair that she doesn’t get to see the baby of the family anymore. I told her you were busy with college, but she said that wasn’t like you. Said you didn’t get busy with school, just with Howard.”
“More so, my friend. We knew we had to keep it secret. She worked as long as she could until her belly was swollen enough to be seen. Then, she hid out at the cabin until the birth. The only reason we ever managed to pull this off is my closest confidant, Rhodey, stepped in to pretend to be her Mate. I do not know how I did it, but I managed to make a type of perfume out of his scent, so she always smelled of him and kept other Alphas from getting too close to discover the ruse. When it came time for the birth, our other friend, Pepper, offered to be the midwife.”
Steve shook his head, leaning down to kiss the Omega as he moved his hands away. Tony almost immediately began to whine into Steve’s mouth, grabbing at his thighs to dig in his nails and show his displeasure.
He leaned forward and carefully ate the fruit from Steve’s fingers, relishing the sweet taste. The fresh foods he had eaten while in the North had been nothing short of delicious, and he found himself able to ignore the other Warlords’ gazes while enjoying it. Eventually, the others sat and began to eat as well and the room filled with chatter, easily dissipating the strained tension that had lingered in the air. Once Tony had eaten, he shifted on Steve’s lap to turn himself inward, then moved Peter down into his arms. Making sure that no one was watching, he guided Peter up to his chest, having to juggle him a bit until he could latch on. Tony hissed, still unused to the feeling, and a hand settled on his back; Steve could no doubt feel the ache radiating off of him and was trying to provide some comfort.
“We knew he’d gone missing about three months ago when he had traveled to the area to show off one of his newest missile designs. We got the ransom video not long after,” Rhodey explained, pulling away from Steve to wipe at his face, “I did everything I could, pulled all my strings—Pepper’s been manning the fort, trying to keep the company afloat while we looked for him. We didn’t have anything to go on and had nearly given up when we got a call from SHIELD asking for me to ride on an evac mission. I knew as soon as I stepped on this rig that I was going to get Tony, either dead or alive.”
Steve’s brow furrowed; the shame was easy to see in his clear eyes and he dropped his head, turning his gaze to the side. Tony sighed and made a decision, slipping his hand under Steve’s chin so he could gently turn his face back toward his own. He offered up a small smile, brushing his thumb over Steve’s jaw.
. However, Peter was present, and that meant he was more concerned with the baby than his own perverted curiosity.
After his usual morning workout, Steve always headed upstairs to his own floor to shower, even though there was a perfectly good shower room attached to the gym. Figuring that no one had noticed—or at least didn’t care to comment—he split off from the team, seeking out the new solace he had created. It was his bathroom: Stark had said he could do anything to it he wished, so with his new strength, it wasn’t too hard to wrench off the showerhead, allowing the water to flow freely. Though it wasn’t the soft, fluoride-filled stream from Brooklyn, he could at least use a washcloth for an almost sponge-bath-type-thing, and it was close enough that he wasn’t going to complain.
“Perfect,” he whispered, giggling as he watched Tony look at the ring, then at him, then back at the ring, holding it up to the light.
“Tony. We need to leave,” Thor interrupted quietly, translating for Steve, “We will return in a fortnight.”
“Steve. It’s not your fault. You tried to protect him the best way you could and he knows that,” Bucky said, risking a glare at Rhodey, “At least the conversation we’ll have won’t be too bad.”
took in the young man carefully painting lines onto Steve’s chest. Without thinking, Tony growled loudly, causing everyone in the room to jump at the Omega’s tone. The young man stumbled and dropped his paintbrush, scattering to hide behind the throne.
“Yup. Up and at ‘em, atom ant,” Tony said, poking PJ’s stomach, “Think you can stick your arm out for me, darling?”
“You take him, then make sure he eats,” Tony said, moving his arm so PJ could climb off the bed, “You be good for Ste—for Papa, okay?”
“They would be unstoppable. I shudder to think of what they could get into together,” he said, moving Peter up so he could look at Bruce, “What do you think, love?”
“Trying to keep my body heat up to warm the kid,” Tony answered, raising an eyebrow at Clint, “Why, do you have a better idea?”
part of the discussion for today. We won’t discuss the parts of the male and female genitalia until next week. Today’s discussion is an introduction to how bodies develop through adolescence.”
“Is that a mocha?” Rhodey asked, nose crinkling as he sniffed the air, “I didn’t know you were a mocha person. I thought you only drank black.”
“We stay one step ahead. Zola needs a supercomputer to access the internet for whatever world domination, but he also wants PJ back to create his soldiers,” Steve answered, “So what if he could get both at once?”
Looking across the table, Tony gave a gentle smile to PJ, seeing the boy’s wariness at the sandwich in front of him.
“Then I’d suggest you have your friends stay quiet,” Coulson answered simply, walking through the row of desks to return to the front of the room.
“I apologize, I did not mean—” Thor broke off and started to argue in the Northern tongue, presumably talking to Steve before returning to the Southern dialect, “—I apologize. He is most worried about you, friend. I did not mean to scare you with such talk. It is not a worry for many, many moons. Your own babe will be in stockings by that time, and perhaps you and the Prime will have already had a second of your own choosing. I know that the world around you has shifted in a way you could have never predicted, but fear not, for our Prime would not force you into conceiving if you do not want to. He is a good man, Tony.”
“You are going to be so good for him,” he said with a big grin, “That is, if you do not kill him first.”
“—I know I fucked this up, really badly,” he continued, wincing when Steve stilled under him, “I’m sorry. I should have listened to you and been more prepared for this. And I’m sorry that because of that you got hurt and embarrassed in front of the team, and—and I totally get it if this is a breaking point for you. You don’t have to forgive me if you don’t want to, I’ll try to do my best to figure this out for you, but if you want to break up I totally—”
Steve’s voice startled him out of his thoughts, so he pasted on a smile, putting his arms back up to wrap around Peter despite his new apparatus.
Tony managed a nod and settled back down onto the bed, steadfastly ignoring the emotional tears that rolled down his cheeks as he let his eyes slip shut. Steve watched him for the better part of an hour, waiting until he was sure his husband was asleep before standing and heading for the door. Peeking out, he motioned to one of the nurses nearby and quietly asked her to bring both Bucky and Rhodey back. Once she was on her way, Steve quickly returned to Tony’s side, carefully picking his hand back up.
“Shh, I am alright. Merely scared at the thought of my father,” he whispered, wrapping his arms around Steve despite the paint still drying on his body, “It was not you, my darling, shh…”
“Baby, I loved it. I’m not making fun of you,” Steve laughed softly, taking Tony’s hands to squeeze, “I’m excited to read all of them.”
“He did, and its because he’s been in his uncomfortable pull-ups since the safe house,” Steve called from the bathroom.
“Kisses for my lovely wife. I hear my own Pop call Ma that all the time,” Steve said smugly, poking Tony’s cheek where he’d just kissed him.
“Are we sure this is a good idea?” he asked quietly, taking Bruce aside, “There was some…sensitive content. Not that they can’t handle it, but—”
“Which did you assume I don’t want: fatherhood, or you?” Steve asked, looking up from PJ to stare at Tony.
Eventually, PJ relented and scooted out from behind Natasha’s leg, letting her go over to Bucky to help him up from his crouch. Rolling his eyes, he knocked his shoulder against her own, a hint of a smile on his lips.
He visibly swallowed and looked away, staring out the window as he took Tony’s hand in his own, squeezing it tightly.
Before they all could get any further in the teasing, a loud chime from overheard signaled an incoming video call. They all looked around and Clint began to count, but everyone was in attendance, putting the army people on high alert.
“Not yours. Only myself, Steve, Thor, Tony, Clint, and Natasha. Since PJ was a success, they didn’t bother attempting to harvest different DNA,” Bruce explained wearily, “So you, Sam, Rhodey, James, Vision, Scott, and T’Challa are all safe. At least, as far as we know. JARVIS has already updated Vision and T’Challa on the situation, and Tony’s going to call Rhodey once we’re done here.”
“Steve? Beloved? Are you alright?” He said, eyebrows drawn together in concern, “You are as pale as a sheared lamb.”
“I’m confused,” Steve interrupted, causing Tony to look away to not make eye contact, “Is something wrong?”
Tony watched his Mother leave, but as soon as the swelling in his heart threatened tears, Steve’s drawing was slid in front of him with ‘TONY’ in large block letters scrawled on the bottom right corner.
The room fell deadly silent, and in the distraction Steve broke free, sprinting toward one of the fallen tables to use it as a springboard to launch himself at Rhodey. Thor barely tackled him in time and the Warlords went crashing to the ground, struggling on the floor.
“I’m not going anywhere, and I’ll have Buck and James make a distraction if they try to get me,” Steve said, giggling when Tony lit up, “What? Of course they’re here, sweetheart. We already called the others and they’re on standby stateside. Once we get you feeling better and I chew out my superior, we’ll get on the plane to head home and get you tucked into your real bed. We can work from there, okay?”
Tony raised an eyebrow at him and headed off to their room, thinking it over. Time alone would be nice, but it was nearly midday and Peter needed to be fed. However, if Steve wanted him alone…
“That should last until transport. I’ll have one of the guards bring a replacement then,” she said, testing the bandage’s integrity before nodding her head, “Wake up the subject, you are to report back to your room.”
Tucking the vials into his lab coat, Bruce raised an eyebrow, glancing between them before settling on PJ’s curled up form.
Sighing loudly, Bruce rolled his eyes, helping Tony to lay the boy down on the table. He grabbed up a sweater he usually kept on his lab chair, balling it up to make him a makeshift pillow.
The Alpha gently laid his hand on the small of Tony’s back again, guiding him away from the stall and into the throng of the marketplace. With the masses of people around them, the sling around Peter started to feel more constricting than helpful. Tony easily managed to untie the scarf and handed it over to Steve, already feeling better once he had the baby on his shoulder.
Without taking his eyes off of Steve, Tony dried himself off and tied the cloth around his waist, allowing him to secretly peel off his now-ruined undergarment and toss it into the pile of his filthy clothes. As soon as he was done, he took Peter back from Steve, checking the baby over just to make sure he was still okay. The baby merely snuggled into Tony’s chest and settled, giving him some comfort.
Peter only babbled and cooed in response, which made Tony laugh all the more. He sighed and went to grab Steve his change of clothing, placing the bundle on the floor inside the bathroom before closing the door behind him to give Steve some privacy. Tony used the time waiting to find Peter’s wrap and tie to baby to his chest, figuring he may need both of his hands when they go see the prisoner.
“Once she found I was still tinkering with the suit, she called it quits for good. Said my lifestyle was too dangerous, especially if I wanted a new line of tiny Starks running around. ‘Villains aren’t good playmates for babies,’ she said. She’s not wrong. So, to fill that void, I started pouring money from the Maria Stark foundation into orphanages. Then, when I had…have…panic attacks, I’d go and hold the babies in the middle of the night. They always need to be held. Even the ones that cry a lot.
“Really? How could you tell?” Rhodey drawled, putting his arm back around Tony and tugging him back in, “And since when have I been afraid of another Alpha vying for your attention?”
“Tis a good name, Anthony,” Thor answered, hefting Mjolnir onto his shoulder, “Aye. I think it is quite fitting for the son of the Man of Iron to be strong.”
“Your friend--James? He is in the infirmary if you would like to come see him. He is recovered, save for being lethargic,” he said while adjusting his glasses, “Plus, I would like to leave the Prime to rest for a while. It is most likely that he will not sleep since the hormones are still being flushed from his body, but it would be preferable that he stay away from the others to recuperate. Are you comfortable leaving him here with Peter? The baby’s presence might help calm him.”
“That’s me, the kid’s had a number done to him, and I feel like—fuck, a literal elephant just stepped on my heart and is sending me into an unneeded panic,” Tony grunted, scrubbing his hands over his face, “I can’t believe you sent Steve down here. Really? Out of everyone?”
“Of course I will help. I did warn you that if you did not let me prepare you enough, you would end up hurt,” Steve said, “You could have avoided all of this if you had been a little more patient. But, at least now I know to fight my instincts more to make sure you are ready.”
“I know,” Tony said softly, looking down as he wrung his hands between his knees, “And there was a bit there where I was knocked out cold and he was in their hands. I don’t know what happened, but I have a feeling that if I ask, I won’t get an answer.”
Tony flushed and bit down on his lip to stifle his moans. He wanted it, his body wanted it, but the prospect of humiliation forced him to stand on shaky legs.
“Peter—ah, PJ, seems to be in better health than what’s described in his file,” She began, flicking through her own pages on a clipboard, “Albeit, he’s extremely malnourished and underweight for his age, but he’s been responsive and open to you. We believe that he may have passed out because, for one, he’s very weak and should not be doing any sort of strenuous activity, and two, his mind may have recognized that he’s in a safe place and allowed his body to go into a sort of mini coma to allow him to heal. For whatever blessed reason, he either trusts you or recognizes that he can trust you. It’s a very good first step.”
Natasha’s voice startled Steve out of his thoughts, making him turn toward her as he noised in confusion. Her face was unreadable, but her posture was relaxed and open, which meant she wanted him to talk.
“So, how do you all get along?” Rhodey asked, “Did they just… let you stay here? Are you friends with them?”
“Ya tellin’ me. Stevie and I should be the only freaks runnin’ around,” Bucky snorted, “It was hard ‘nough for you guys t’take
“Cap, you better hold that boy like you’re carrying the Holy Grail, got it? It’s about to get a little rough,” he said, watching two goons on motorbikes roar up on either side of him.
with Tony, about being a family, about recovering after nearly attempting to murder his new mate’s best friend--
“You are allowed to touch me, you know. I will not break if you want to caress me,” he said quietly, “If you feel affection for me, hold me. I… I like to be held. I like when you sneak forehead kisses when you think I am asleep. Having you, the Alpha, be so careful and tentative with me… it’s sweet. It means you
“Yeah, Buck. I know. Yeah—uh, Tony’s here, I gotta go, okay?” Steve was saying, turning at Tony’s hand on his elbow, “I’ll email you once I hear more. Yeah. Okay. Thanks, Buck. Bye.”
Tony followed Bruce out of the armory and down the hallway until they hit the last doorway, from which they could see a golden glow. As they got closer, it began to warm, and Tony felt himself easily relax into the familiar heat.
A four-poster bed with sheer curtains was pushed against the far wall, large enough to hold at least three full-grown men. It was dressed in blue linens, draped with various exotic furs from animals that he was sure the Prime had killed himself. A drafting desk sat on the opposite wall, covered in parchment and books, clearly left as though the man was in the middle of a draft when he had been called to the throne room. It looked intimidating, but the Prime only smiled at him, sweeping his hand toward a wooden door on the other side of the room. He jogged over to open it for Tony, ushering him and Peter into a large bathroom.
Feeling Steve tense next to him at the plural pronoun, Tony merely kept his focus on PJ, intently watching in case he needed anything. Once the sniffling subsided to occasional hiccups, Tony cleared his throat, causing the boy to pick his head up from his knees. His small face was blotchy, dried tear tracks staining his latte skin.
Peter reached up a curious hand to smack at his beard, gurgling away when Tony kissed and nipped at his little fingers. His audience cooed at him and he flushed up to his roots, not at all used to the attention.
Tony nodded and relaxed back into his chair, concentrating on making sure Peter drank at least half of the wineskin before handing it back over to Steve. He shushed the babe and hefted him up onto his shoulder, carefully patting his back to prevent bubbles from sticking in his stomach. Steve looked at him quizzically, but he did not say anything; instead, he stood and left with the wineskin, only to return with a plate brimming with food. He set it in front of Tony, who could not help but stare at the feast. Sure, he might have been used to larger portions, but this was an
He turned to look at the forest line, biting his lip nervously. It wasn’t like Steve to not at least check in with him when these sorts of things happened—was he that angry with him?
found out about his home life, Steve had gone home and tattled to his mom Sarah. He pictured Steve with his fierce eyes and mouth twisted in the upset frown that he got when he was especially bothered about something, parading around his house as Sarah tried to calm him down. Being an adult, she called Child Protection Services, but the rumor was paid off before the news outlets could even catch wind of the event. Since then, Tony had tried to run away from home multiple times, but that always ended in getting beat worse than before. Sarah had offered her home to him, but Tony had told her—and Steve—that things were better and that he was okay.
Steve pointed at the bouquet, and Tony smiled, scuffling his shoes in the dirt as he pushed it into Steve’s chest. He took it with careful hands, ducking his head to smell it.
Steve was the recipient of his first semi-word, a shy little “Pa?” accompanying a tug on his pants to try to get his attention. The Prime Alpha had crumbled under the realization that this child really did see him as his father, leading to Tony later finding him in tears on the floor as he cuddled the boy in his lap. It pained him to have missed his baby’s first word, but soon the stream of babble that followed had him wishing for the quieter days. And yet, it never failed to bring a smile to his face when Peter happily shrieked out “Da!” upon spotting him after being apart.
“It’s called a conscious, maybe you should get one,” he snapped back, too goddamn tired to deal with it for the moment, “If you’re going to make comments, you are
He was used to tall, looming buildings. The cityscape was his playground, and between the mansion and Father’s workplace, very tall buildings no longer made him feel afraid. However, seeing the one-floor schoolhouse and the various gaggles of other kids in front of him, Tony inched closer to his Mother’s skirt, grasping at the silky material and attempting to hide behind it.
It was dead silent in the room. Heat blossomed onto Tony’s cheeks as he realized what he’d done, and soon after Steve burst into hearty laughter.
not to Steve. That being, he was the one who had designed the team expedition, and Steve had warned him about going to the Savage Land without the proper provisions, but he’d waved it off and said he’d ‘take care of it.’ Steve, his now-boyfriend of maybe a month had rolled his eyes and pressed a kiss to his forehead before wheedling at him to go to bed.
“How the hell—” Steve looked down, realizing that Tony was nearly laying completely on top of him. “—oh. Really? Give me that.”
“Next step is leaning the chair back. You just stay still for a sec,” He said, softly, pressing a button on the outside of the arm of the chair.
“Oh, give him a break. He’s just trying to be kind,” Natasha said, elbowing Bucky’s side to make him grunt, “Besides, I think we just ruined the moment for them.”
“If he hasn’t been eating properly, the potato may have been too starchy,” he explained, “I’d stick to bland foods for now. Rice and plain shredded chicken should do it. Once he can eat that with no problem, we’ll try other foods. In the meantime, just make sure he lays down for a bit. He’ll feel kind of gross for a few hours. Have him drink some water and try the rice and chicken for dinner tonight.”
“Is there another super running around that we don’t know about?” Tony asked, sliding off the table once he heard the coffee pot click off.
“Ready for what?” He asked lightly, plopping down on his seat in the jet and taking off his helmet to shake the sand from his hair, “Going home?”
“Peggy asked about you a lot. I’ve got all our pictures up still, y’know. She asked about them and why you weren’t around and…and I guess I was just so taken with her and everything that I never—I didn’t—”
They both cracked up and high-fived, wheezing their giggles as the plane touched down and slowed in front of Tony’s private terminal.
Steve scowled, but Tony carefully put a hand on Steve’s knee, rolling his eyes. They all liked to tease them about their close friendship, but even Tony knew that Steve and Bucky were much closer. He merely ignored it and dug into his cake, happy to enjoy watching his friends eat and talk happily amongst themselves. However, once he saw Clint go to grab a fistful of cake and cock his arm back to aim at Scott, Tony sat up really straight and gasped, holding his hand out to try and stop him. The table froze at the noise, turning to stare at him.
“—You give them gifts and hope they get the message and pine away in the workshop until you own up, the other person moves on because they had no idea you felt the same way, or in Pepper’s case, they kick your ass,” Steve finished, having successfully backed Tony up to the other arm of the couch, “Am I close?”
“It’s an Etch-a-Sketch,” Tony answered, pouring what Steve figured was his fourth or fifth cup of coffee, “It’s from the sixties. I figured you might like it. I know you’re more of a tin dollhouse kind of man, but I’m one hundred percent certain that if you lived in the sixties, you would have had one.”
“What happened?” he asked, rolling over whatever Steve was going to say next, “Who died? Do I need to kill someone?”
“I made a joke and he got upset,” Tony said, sifting a hand through his hair, “He was ganging up on me with Bruce to stay in medical, so I told him I wanted Barnes to babysit since he was the ‘shiner model’.”
getting off to that, you weren’t legal, Tony,” he tried, only to whine at his husband’s smug look, “It’s true! It’s—It’s not—”
His voice broke and Natasha’s hand was in his hair again, giving him the strength to take a breath and collect himself. He stayed quiet as she worked, except for his sneezing when she liberally applied the setting powder.
“Shh,” Tony hushed, blindly looping an arm around Steve’s waist and pulling the other man down on top of him.
Decision made, Steve scooped up the box and made a beeline for the elevator, jabbing the button for the workshop. He tried to think of what he wanted to say, but his mind was fuzzy with the implications of what Tony’s writing meant. He had about a billion questions and he knew he had about one shot until his husband shut down and waived it off completely. As a creator himself, Steve could recognize raw emotion when he saw it, and he knew he needed to do this right.
“Ha-ha, very funny,” he said, quickly panicking once he realized Pepper was staring at him from Rhodey’s other side, “I’ll be fine, it’s the kid I’m worried about. If anything goes belly up, you ping me and you retreat. I’m not there to be stupid, so don’t do anything stupid. Got it?”
He tried to blink away his tears, reaching over to the side table to grab the small cup of water with a straw to offer to Tony to drink. Somehow, he kept his hands steady enough so Tony could sip some of the water, helping to ease his cough.
“Cut it out, Stevie. You have to let the docs do what they do best. What if you holding them back made Tony hurt more, huh?” Bucky finally snapped, turning around to meet Steve’s eyes, “We know you’re worried. We’re
He cut off the sentence by pressing his lips to PJ’s temple, closing his eyes as he felt a tear slip down his cheek; one way or another, HYDRA was going to pay, and he as going to make sure it was with blood for hurting his little boy.
He trailed off, propping up the sleepy baby for Steve to look at. Seemingly satisfied, Steve nodded, pressing a kiss to both of their foreheads.
“Shh, my darling, I know you’ve been through so much,” he whispered, pulling back to smile sadly down at the whimpering child, “Try and sleep, yeah? I’ll watch over you. No one will hurt you. Not while I’m here.”
“We’re going to be okay, I promise,” Tony whispered, “Papa and the team are all going to be looking for us. They’ll come for us, I promise. We just have to survive until then, yeah? Can you do that? No matter—no matter what they ask, you
“I’m sure Pepper will want to have words with whoever didn’t notify you,” Rhodey added, leaning forward to wipe away one of Tony’s stray tears with his thumb, “Hell, I’d like a piece of ‘em myself.”
, Tony found himself thinking, before shaking himself out of his thoughts. He pointed at himself, and Steve nodded, not at all ashamed.
Unable to say no, Steve nodded, but he took his hand off the reactor, gathering both of Tony’s in his own.
“You are staying for the game, right?” he asked carefully, leaning up to gage Steve’s reaction, “I still need my best fella by my side, even if you’re benched.”
Steve interrupted with a few words of his own, to which Thor rolled his eyes and answered him, pointing so the man would sit next to him.
“There we go, little rabbit. Nice and easy,” he soothed, stroking Tony’s back, “Your mother is a smart woman, no? I doubt she would put herself in harm’s way unless she had a reason to. You are her
However, when the elevator doors slid open to his floor, the first thing he heard was singing, and that pissed him off even more. He knew that either Bucky or Steve had to be the one down in PJ’s room, so he avoided it, heading straight for his own bedroom. Finding Rhodey’s hoodie, Tony shoved it on and grabbed some fluffy socks, putting them on as well before sliding into comfy sweatpants and his Iron Man slippers.
He laughed and knocked his shoulder against Steve’s, biting his lip to keep from smiling too wide. It was no secret that he adored Steve, considering half of their class still called them Mom and Dad from how close they were, but he
“I got a call from my contact in the Army,” he said softly, “I’m getting deployed the day after graduation.”
“What?” Steve said, raising a brow, “I figure he should have a name. We can’t just call him pronouns for the rest of his life.”
and scurried out to the hallway, feeling more and more disinterested in their walk as they got closer to the infirmary. He was about to call it all off when he saw Rhodey lying in the medical bed again, but the man waved him over and held his arms out.
He invested in theatre-grade makeup. It was thick and easily covered the signs of abuse, even allowing him to stop asking Natasha for help. Secretly, he felt guilty when he told her he didn’t need the makeup anymore, as she smiled and squeezed his shoulder. He didn’t deserve the affection, not when he knew what he was doing to himself, but he couldn’t find it within him to care that much. After that, he distanced himself from the others, not wanting to accidentally out the situation he was in. He blamed his lack of time to hang out on college work—it wasn’t false, he did have a lot of homework to do, but he usually had it done within an hour. Even his college friend, Rhodey, asked him why he was spending less time at the college lab.
Steve managed a positive grunt, so Tony moved onto cutting his hair. The braid had been sliced clean off, but the hair left behind was now shaggy, with short pieces in the back and slightly too long pieces in the front. He took a minute to devise a plan and then began to trim it all down into something more cohesive that he could then slick back into a flat mohawk. Once he was done, he stepped out of the tub to look.
He watched her stand and leave, keeping his arms wrapped around PJ. He huffed softly when the elevator doors closed behind her, turning his attention back to the boy in his lap.
“Cheeky bastard,” Tony mumbled, having to adjust himself before setting that drawing face-down on the first one, then removing the third drawing.
Once Bucky gave him a look and left, Steve sat down on his cot and ran a gloved hand through his hair, considering using his personal phone to call Tony. It was almost their anniversary, and since he was going out on a drive for the next week, he wanted to talk in case the phones went offline. However, Tony had told him he’d been busy recently, especially with now having Howard’s company on his shoulders.
Tony happily skipped back to the changing room to strip, tossing his clothes on top of Steve’s neatly folded pile before shimmying into his suit. He’d gone with a wine-colored tux, accented in the buttons and peak lapels with black silk. Originally a modern fit, he’d asked it to be brought in as much as possible, to the point where the material hugged him like a plastic bag that had all the air sucked out of it. He looked
“Your Father is still at his office, but your Mother is waiting for you and your friends in the sitting room,” one of them informed Tony, collecting the backpacks from everyone.
He knew Steve could not have understood what Thor had said, but he nodded anyway, gently tugging on Tony’s hair. Tony melted under the gesture, subconsciously tilting his head back into Steve’s palm. The comforting, possessive touch of an Alpha usually rendered any Omega a puddle of feelings and slick, but his body took the affection as a steadying gesture, easing his nerves and giving him the strength to stand up from the bed. As he did, the nursing bra he had rejected fell to the floor; Steve bent down to pick it up and offered it to Thor, talking rapidly while motioning to Tony and Peter.
“Tony, if Steve’s DNA is also in this boy, he needs to know,” She said quietly, “But if you want to wait, fine. You have my silence. But I
“Aye, we don’t really need you, bitch. As long as I kill you, we’ll have at least one notch on our belts,” the guard growled, using Tony as a human shield, “Or, maybe I’ll just—what’s this? A fancy little scar?”
Poking his head up, Tony saw two small hands scrabbling at the bedsheets and heard frustrated whines drifting up from that side. Looking over, PJ’s pouty face stared back up at him.
“O-oh. Oh, gods, you all scared me,” Tony breathed, relaxing at Thor’s explanation, “I thought something was about to happen to me.”
“Ah, you are awake! I did not know that the Southerners are nocturnal and sleep the day away,” he teased, clapping a hand on Tony’s back as he sat next to him, “How have you and the babe fared?”
“I think the Prime is taken with us,” he whispered, giggling when the babe grasped at his facial hair, “Do not worry, my love. You will always come first, even if the big Prime takes me for himself.”
PJ peeked up from Tony’s shoulder to look at the book, a quizzical expression on his face. Eventually, he nodded, but once he saw the other Avengers watching, he ducked his head back into Tony’s neck. Wrapping his arm around the boy with the book in his hand, Tony turned, hyperaware of the eyes on him. Amidst them, he found Pepper’s gaze, a bit comforted by her encouraging grin.
“When you punch, make contact using the length of your finger, not your knuckle,” Steve said, “You can easily break your knuckles if you are not careful.”
“People will see if we are out here in the open like this,” he managed, desperately holding back the urge to rip his tunic off, “We--
Tony frowned as he put down his book for the second time, wanting to just get through the chapter. But, after seeing that the redhead girl had bothered to put down her dolls to talk to him, he figured he better go. With a nod, Tony slid off his chair and put his book away before letting her take his hand, dragging him over to a box in the back of the room. The talkative blond was still there, talking as if the girl had never left.
“I can’t. I know I should but—I can’t. I can’t sit by knowing that there are people out there killing
, I will personally eject you from the top of the tower,” he growled, “You are going to sit here and help me with
“Hardee har har,” Tony grunted, moving back to stare at what he could only call an experiment floating in the glass tube, “Did you find out what this is?”
“You are adorable, my love,” Tony murmured, tickling the bottom of Peter’s feet, “We need to thank whoever donated these clothes for you, yeah? You are so cute.”
“Fine. But only if you tell him he’s not allowed to yell at me,” Tony grunted, folding his arms over his chest, “I don’t need to be in medical, anyway.”
He let himself be guided back to his quarters and mindlessly placed Peter in his crib, allowing Tony to take his hand and guide him to bed. They would wake later to eat, but for now, all he wanted to do was hold his Omega in his arms. Clothes were forgotten onto the floor as they curled up together, Tony with his face buried in Steve’s chest and Steve’s chin resting on top of his head. Uncertainty fizzled between them through the bond, bringing only one question to the forefront of their minds:
“Oh, don’t say that. I just want to play footsie at dinner, not take trips on the Falcon armor through Manhattan,” Bucky groaned, sinking in his seat with a pout, “Besides, we wouldn’t be able to beat Steve anyway, he’s a total—”
PJ glared at Bucky with as much anger as a two-year old’s body could muster, standing his ground behind Natasha’s leg. Tony giggled at the sight, hiding his smile behind his hand.
Steve laughed and curled up in his chair as best as he could, cradling his headset between his hands.
“God, you can pick him up, Rogers,” Tony grunted, quickly scooping PJ up into his arms and grabbing up the cup, only to hand it to Steve, “Sorry, pumpkin pie. Apparently, someone has really weak arms and can’t pick up a big, strong boy like you.”
“We’re going to have words later when there aren’t small ears,” Tony grumbled, shaking his head, “Or I’m going to make Barnes and Wilson have words with you.”
?” Bucky interrupted, looking back and forth between the two men, “Did neither of you think this was important enough to share with the whole class?”
Tony nodded and practically sprinted away, heading back into the school to skid toward the changing room. He stripped out of his gym clothes and put on his soccer uniform, staring at himself in the mirror. As an afterthought, he fished his headband out of his bag, putting it on to hold his long curls back.
He folded it into quarters and wrote ‘Natasha’ on it, then flicked it over to Bruce’s desk when Coulson’s back was turned. Bruce glanced at it, and slowly, the note got passed over without getting noticed. Natasha opened the slip, looked over at Tony and nodded, a frown twitching her lips. He merely shrugged and returned to his sketch, detailing what he wanted the brace to look like. Now, he wasn’t skilled in any sort of chiropracticy, but Howard sometimes wore a brace when he worked too long in the lab, so he figured he could nab it when he was passed out drunk and use it as a base model. Plus, he’d already hacked into the Library of Congress earlier that year, so he could look up medical reference books, if need be.
He was immediately dragged out of his seat and into Steve’s lap, held tight against the Alpha’s chest. Steve shushed him and rubbed his back, confused as to why Tony was suddenly scenting something awful. He looked across to Rhodey, who only shook his head and stood, reaching over to run his hand through Tony’s hair and squeeze his shoulder. Steve watched him leave the room, waiting until he was sure he was gone before pulling Tony away from his chest.
“Yes, of course. No worries. I will try to remember,” Bruce interrupted, adjusting his spectacles with a nod, “I will go make a batch of medicine for you to take and I will pass along your dietary treatment to Thor. I already informed the Prime, so he knows how to care for you. I hope you feel better, Tony.”
Before he could apologize, Tony watched Steve walk out of the hospital room, leaving Bruce to glare down at the engineer. He tried to say something in his defense, but Bruce shook his head, taking
funny. You’re hurt, sweetheart, and I don’t want you to get hurt worse because you want to fool around,” Steve tried to scold, already feeling his resolve buckle under Tony’s pleading look, “Tony—I’m
Rhodey gave him a look, but hugged him back anyway; Tony tried to melt into the warm hug, but knowing that Steve was out there and that he hadn’t even been able to see the look on his face…
Having the boy stand in front of him, Tony was at least thankful that HYDRA had let him keep his Captain America pajamas; slowly, he got PJ to shuck off the shirt, using only the light from his arc reactor to illuminate the boy’s injuries. Methodically, Tony worked up and down PJ’s arms before doing so with his chest and back, breathing out thankfully once he was finished.
Steve sighed, uncharacteristically not arguing with him. Instead, he sat back, picking up the bag off of the floor to rummage through it.
Huffing up at Tony, Steve finally relented and nodded, moving into a sitting position once the other clambered off of him.
With her nod, Fury retreated into the cockpit of the jet, leaving the six to their own devices. Once the door was shut, Tony felt his shoulders relax, knocking his head back against the seat.
“You don’t want to split us up? Then they’d have to focus their firepower on two places, rather than just one,” He murmured, looking over at the Captain, “You sure you want us all on one big target?”
The words echoed in Tony’s mind for the millionth time, hurting just as deeply as they did the first time he realized it was a lie. He was sprawled out on top of his high school’s main auditorium building, a nearly empty bag of weed next to him as he blew smoke circles into the sky from his latest joint. The marijuana helped ease the pain and aches from the fresh bruising that had been laid on top of the fading, yellowing marks, but there was no hope for it keeping up with his stream of consciousness. Combining that with the fact that it was the first day of his Junior year and that he’d already skipped two classes just to smoke, Tony had no problem closing his eyes and letting himself sink into the flashbacks of the shitshow that had been Sophomore year.
“Yes, yes, my littlest love, I am here,” Tony soothed in the Southern dialect, gingerly sitting down at Steve’s desk so he could shuffle the baby up under his shirt to feed, “So needy. Hopefully, you will sleep for Uncle Rhodey and not give him a fuss, hm?”
“I brought his Iron Man pajamas,” he said flatly, showing them to Tony before rifling through the bag again, “There are some snacks in here, but I’m sure the nurses can bring food that you can feed to him. I packed the baby utensils he’s supposed to use, plus a bib, and there’s cleaning supplies—”
with him lately? He felt like he was constantly on the edge of the cliff, one wrong step away from falling over and going berzerk. If he was honest with himself, the fragility scared him. The new life he had built could be ripped away from him in seconds--not that he
“He looks just like you,” Rhodey said, gently running his fingertips over Peter’s downy hair, “That’s your eyes and nose, for sure.”
“Okay, sailor, what’s wrong?” Tony pushed, turning his body to give the other more attention, “All of a sudden you’ve been acting weird. First, it’s the stumbled awkward greetings, then the constantly trying to help when I don’t need help, then you looked at me like a
Steve blinked, then burst into tears, his large shoulders heaving with the force of his cry. Bewildered, Tony tried to pat his back, utterly confused.
“Steve,” Tony answered, actually catching himself, because wait, when the fuck were they on a first name basis—
He smiled and reached over to tilt up Steve’s chin, leaning in for a kiss. The hand on his bonding gland moved up to sink into his hair and held him still so Steve could meet him halfway. Tony whimpered against his mouth and gasped when he was pulled back, only to groan when Steve leaned in to kiss down his neck.
“Anyway, before we got off track--she has plenty of space. That will not be the issue. What we have to figure out is how we are going to deal with Tony being in heat,” Rhodey sighed, knocking his head back against a tree, “Since they are bonded, you and I cannot help, and Bruce is not an Omega. That leaves Pepper, and she needs to stay clear-headed in case somebody comes around asking questions.”
“Good. I don’t ever want to do this again,” Bruce agreed, fixing his glasses on his face, “I’ll stick to the library, thank you.”
. I promised that he wouldn’t ever hurt you again. I meant it, I swear I meant it, and if it means I go to your house and strangle him
get drunk off of your scent, Tones. He acts like he has spent the day doing nothing but drinking wine after being in your presence for only a few minutes.”
“Fine. But if anyone asks, you got out of them yourself,” he grunted, unlatching the cuffs, “You better not try anything. I’m not carrying that guilt around with me.”
As a group, they looked at Scott on the floor, who was asleep and snoring with his head in his arms.
“Good. I love Miss Sarah,” Tony purred, forcing out a giggle instead of a yelp when Steve smacked his arm, “What! I
“Juice, a few crackers, and then Clint gave him sweet potatoes,” Steve ticked off, “They’re all acceptable for kids.”
“If you wish, Rhodey could help you keep watch. I am sure you could wheedle many stories of our friendship from him,” he continued, “Perhaps you could convince him that the Warlords are not as bad as Howard made them out to seem. If he spent time with you and Thor, I know he would come around.”
Tony exhaled loudly, rolling his eyes as PJ grabbed up his elephant—the one he had thrown at Tony—and settled himself between the two adults, wiggling until he was comfortable.
It didn’t take long before the pounding of footsteps came down the hall and the frantic scientist careened into the room, a stethoscope around his neck. Wordlessly, Tony moved aside for Bruce to sit, letting him get to work.
“So you know Sam’s paramilitary?” He started, grunting when Tony nodded, “Well, he doesn’t use a parachute. Turns out he flies with mechanical wings, like a fucking bird. He zooms around the air in a winged backpack invented by the
“Don’t you scare me like that ever again, Anthony Stark,” Steve whispered harshly, clearly upset from the ordeal, “I can’t—how long? How long have you been hiding—”
Tony was sure Steve was going to launch himself into the fire, and by the look on Clint’s face, he wasn’t far behind.
. I would never take advantage of you. I promise. I only thought that being held and being able to scent me would help you feel more at ease. Unless...did you
Tony read each page aloud to the boy, making sure he kept the book wide open so PJ could see the pictures. Sure, turning the pages with one hand was a little difficult, but he managed, making sure to do voices for each of the characters, as Maria had done when he was a boy.
With one last whiff of the Omega’s sweet scent, Steve tucked himself into Tony’s side and covered them up with warm furs, figuring that if Tony had begun the snuggles, he was allowed to continue them. He fell asleep with their legs entwined and his arm over Tony’s waist, somehow slotting together as if they had been going to bed with each other since the beginning of time itself. It was more than easy to fall asleep; he finally felt like he was coming home.
“…I shall leave you to your breakfast, then,” Thor said awkwardly, setting down the tray he had brought onto Steve’s bed.
He groaned and she smirked over at him, flicking switches and pressing buttons to set the jet to autopilot. She affectionately ruffled his hair before moving back, presumably to check on Clint. Steve picked up his set of headphones and turned them on, fitting them to his head as he flicked through the receiver channels until he could hear Tony’s shop’s music in the background.
“Look. If PJ has the serum, I’ll tell Steve. The eye could be from the synthesized egg,” Tony decided, letting the fight drain from his shoulders, “Okay? I—fu—
“Yeah, I heard. I’ll take care of it. You focus that big brain of yours on getting healed up, alright?”
“Rest would do you well, especially if you plan on spending your evening with the Prime,” Bruce said.
The word left a bitter taste on his tongue; he was still warming up to the idea of being bound to Steve. Surely, he thought he might have come around after experiencing the Prime’s seemingly bottomless kindness, but commitment was difficult, especially for someone who had been abandoned before.
Confused but content to have Tony back in his reach, Steve nodded and quietly asked the doctors for some privacy. They filed out and closed the door behind them, leaving the pair alone. Steve immediately moved up to sit on the edge of the bed, bringing Tony’s knuckles up to his lips to kiss each one, careful of the bandaging.
“I do not have money,” he explained frantically, clutching Peter a little tighter, “I cannot return to get any, nor can I send a letter. I do not—”
“Really. I can last until we get back and get to medical, jeez,” Tony grunted, only to wheeze again as PJ finally pulled himself from the glass and crawled into Tony’s lap, “Hey, kiddo.”
Steve pulled his hand back from Peter and made a pitiful noise. With great effort, he lifted his head, allowing Tony to see that his pupils were nearly dilated enough to cover the blue of his eyes.
“Maybe Rhodey would like time with him,” he conceded, “He has not seen much of Peter and I am sure he would be happy to watch after him for us. Plus, since he is in the infirmary, Bruce will also be there to watch in case something goes wrong… but you know we will get teased, yes?”
With a soft sigh, Steve nodded, padding over to the other side of the bed. He laid down beside them on top of the covers, at which Tony glared.
your best friend! Not him!” Bucky growled, trying to reach over Steve’s shoulders to get at Tony, “He’s a little—”
He recognized the steps in his subconscious, forcing him to jolt awake. Sitting up straight, Tony clambered off Steve’s lap awkwardly, trying to make it to the door to close it before the footsteps got too close.
“Oh, hey, none of that, being grumpy doesn’t solve problems,” Tony snorted, gently patting the boy’s back, “Only one of us gets to be grumpy, and that’s me, at all times.”
Tony sighed and nodded, letting Thor translate his plan to Barnes. The Lieutenant tilted his head and spoke, maintaining eye contact.
Steve tried to answer but was too busy hurriedly wiping the budding tears from his eyes. He swallowed the happy sob in his throat, hearing Tony call his name again.
“Unfortunately, yes, but so is hitting your kids,” Steve answered, creeping over to Tony’s side, “Tony? Can you look at me? Hm?”
,” Clint interrupted, pouting when T’Challa laughed, “Dude, mummies are real. They are. They will come to life and they will try to
Steve, do not worry, I am okay,” he tried, smiling up at him, “I have had worse. I promise it does not hurt, yeah?”
Tony made eye contact with Bucky, who shrugged one shoulder and tugged on Steve, attempting to get the man to move. As predicted, Steve held his ground with a glare and slapped away Bucky’s hand.
He cut himself off as the boy slowly crept toward him, snot running down his small face. PJ quickly wiped his nose and eyes on the back of his hand before reaching out, carefully placing his tiny palm against Tony’s large one. Having to internalize the loud scream of “GERMS” that threatened to crawl out of his throat, Tony merely smiled, not moving until PJ pulled his hand back.
