"But you said save the wizard!" yelled Peter, then took off his mask. "I can't breathe!"
"I told you to go right." said Star-Lord.
March 3rd 1962
"I don't think this thing works. Everything seems dark." said Thor, smacking his palm against the side of his head to get the eye calibrated.
"I'm sorry, you giving out tickets or something?" asked the genius. Leyenar bit back a giggle.
"Thanos. He's a plague, Tony. He invades planets. He takes what he wants. He wipes out half the population. He sent Loki. The attack on New York. That's
And so it goes. When Tony Stark, CEO of the former international weapons conglomerate Stark Industries, announced his identity as the mysterious vigilante, or, as he is now being called, "superhero" Iron Man, the world understandably went a bit crazy. Stark was kidnapped after a weapons showing in Afghanistan, and subsequently presumed dead. He reemerged after almost four months, with "Iron Man" in tow. After a public showdown with the "Iron Monger" at the SI campus in California, Stark announced that he is in fact Iron Man. But amongst all the speculation about Stark's time in Afghanistan and further personal life, the question most thinkers and historians are asking is: where's the war?
"I think we're here." said Strange.
she murmured.
a Spider-Man? Okay, look, Thanos has the biggest, most powerful army in the Four-Dimensional World. And he is not gonna stop until he...he gets...Vision's Stone." Bruce murmured.
"Oh, well, Leyenar would say, "What? Kevin Bacon? He's nothing compared to the Avengers!", and as for the Soul Stone, well, no one's ever seen that. No one even knows where it is. Therefore, Thanos can't get it. Therefore, he's going to Knowhere. Hence, he'll be getting the Reality Stone. You're welcome."
"If I tell you, you'd know, too." said Gamora.
"Oh, c'mon!" yelled Peter.
"Not cool!" Peter groaned as he freed himself. Maw bent all the utility poles in the path of the fleeing Cloak, finally snagging the loyal garment and ripping it loose of its master. Spider-Man scooped up Strange before he hit the pavement, but before he can get away with the unconscious Strange, a cone of blue light started pulling the mage inexorably upwards. Spider-Man grabbed a light pole to anchor himself, but Maw uprooted it, sending Strange, Cloak and teenager on their way to his ship. "Uhh, Mr. Stark? I'm being beamed up!" cried Peter.
"No, no, it's an attachment, it's not a—" Tony tried to protest.
"Two weeks ago, Vision turned off his transponder. He's offline."
"How you been, Buck?" asked Steve.
said Leyenar. Everyone thinks that Tony Stark wanted a huge ass union ceremony with all the bells and whistles, and the young director was no exception. And then she would think of Tony Stark & Steve Rogers:Co-Mayors Of Leyenarville, and would go giddy with laughter. But Irah had chosen Pepper, despite his connection to Cap. And every time she thought of it, she felt the hellfire rising up in her once again. However, to top it all, the Avengers were ripped up and torn apart, and there was no way anyone could restore them.
"Admit it. You should have ducked out when I told you to. I tried to bench you. You refused." Tony fired his own retort.
"Going to bed hungry, scrounging for scraps. Your planet was on the brink of collapse. I'm the one who stopped that. Do you know what's happened since then? The children born have known nothing but full bellies and clear skies. It's a paradise."
The times they are a-changing, and so is our history, folks! Leaks from inside the DoD concerning Captain America, representative of all that is good and just in our country (don't laugh yet) seem to imply that the good Captain wasn't fully human! We spoke to a source who'd seen the documents and understandably wishes to remain anonymous. He said that there was talk of a project by which Steve Rogers, previously a 5'7 asthmatic, would be turned into the giant bunch of muscles we all know and love. Scientists, amongst which was at least one German, turned Rogers into something that all eyewitness testimonies agrees went 'far beyond human!' Rogers supposedly could run faster, jump farther, and climb higher than any mortal man after the procedure that turned him into something else entirely. Although old propaganda films show that Rogers looks like a normal, if good-looking guy, we can't be sure what was hidden away beneath that cowl and those tights. In hindsight, it seems typical that America's number one soldier wasn't as spick-and-span as we'd all like to think.
Leyenar couldn't handle it anymore.
"Why didn't you just reprogram the synapses to work collectively?" asked Shuri, which Vision agreed with.
"Good night, Cap!" Lyla intoned, giggling.
"Pep..."
(The Leyenar Gauntlet)
"Almighty Thanos, I...Loki...Prince of Asgard...Odinson...The rightful King of Jotunheim...God of Mischief...do hereby pledge to you, my undying fidelity."
"Peter...Not him..." Gamora pleaded.
"I am Groot." Groot said shortly.
Red Skull:BECAUSE I VANT HIM TO DIE THREE TIMES!
The Benatar finally arrived at Knowhere, and Star-Lord said "This place looks deserted."
Star-Lord, Earth name Peter Jason Quill, was chair-dancing. He seemed to have completely forgotten about his lover, Ronan The Accuser, when he returned to Planet Hala, the Kree home world, to take care of business. "Sing it, Drax!" cried Star-Lord.
"You asked me to stay...I'm staying." Wanda replied.
"What's your name?"
"Yeah, but this Thanos we're talking about... he's the toughest there is." Rocket quipped.
"Then I'll take it off your corpse." said Maw. He pulled Strange away from the building and threw him to the ground. Strange started the gestures to use the Eye of Agamotto, but utility cables first pinned Strange's arms, interrupting the spell and closing the Eye, while another cable wound around his torso, then tightened around his throat.
"Eitri, wait! Stop!" Thor cried at the giant.
said the young director, swatting Carol's hand away. She thought,
Yellowjacket:You guys are overthinking this. He's just gonna get the support team. Put me down for Falcon, Ant-Man, Black Widow, Drax, War Machine, and Korg.
April 3rd, 1971
Joker:Oooo! Oooo oooo oooo, I wanna bet! Put me down for Zero.
Meanwhile, at Planet Hala, Supreme Accuser Ronan had just received a message from Carol Danvers. "WHAAAT?!" he roared. "I'll get you, Gamora...if it's the last thing I do!"
"If things go wrong…If Thanos gets me…I want you to promise me…you'll kill me." said the alien woman.
"Uh, not bad, for the end of the world." replied the Soldier.
"I know something he doesn't. If he finds out…The entire Universe could be at risk."
"The Time Stone and the director's been taken. The Sanctum remains unguarded. What will you do?" Wong asked back.
"It is my curse to know all who journey here." replied the figure.
"Yeah, don't start celebrating yet, guys. We got more incoming outside the dome." Rhodey declared, having taken down three more ships in full War Machine armor. The shockwaves and debris from the ship landings destroyed acres of forest and boiled up against the dome. The lab had an excellent view of the landing sites. Captain America and Black Panther looked at each other in concern over the scope of what they'll be facing.
"Yeah, I'm fine. I just think we might have to push our 8:30 res."
Back at the Sanctum Sanctorum, Leyenar was trying her new Infinity Gauntlet on.
"You'll have to restart the forge. Awaken the heart of a dying star." Eitri explained.
Maw called upon some weapons, and said "You've saved nothing. Your powers are inconsequential compared to mine."
"That makes sense." replied the boy, then passed out due to lack of oxygen. Suddenly, a pod jumped out of nowhere, catching him mid-air. And then Peter was enveloped in a shiny new suit. Now being able to breathe, Peter landed on a bottom part of the ship, standing up heroically. "Mr. Stark, it smells like a new car in here!" he said.
leaning on the Cauldron of the Cosmos?" Strange retaliated.
Meanwhile, Peter Parker is revealed to have managed to shoot a web to the outside of the ship, foiling his parachute, and clambers inside a slowly-closing chamber. "Oh, my god! I should have remained inside that bus..." he said. Ebony Maw, hands engaged in the ship's steering mechanism, accelerated into hyperspace.
"Eitri, this isn't about your hands. Every weapon you've ever designed... every ax, hammer, sword... it's all inside your head. Now I know it feels like all hope is lost. Trust me, I know. But together, you and I, we can kill Thanos." declared Thor.
The light gave way, slipping into soft tendrils of shimmering gold until it revealed a beautiful figure standing beneath the rays. The Shining Lord was, in appearance, of 20 years—his midnight blue eyes, however, even as they dropped in child-like tiredness, held an infinite wisdom, his golden skin shining and black hair tied back from his face. The Shining Lord was a vision, a picture of the power and infinite ability belonging to the One Above All.
Meanwhile, Ebony Maw was interrogating Dr. Strange. He was floating horizontally, face down, surrounded by dozens of glassy needles, each about two feet long. "In all the time I've served Thanos, I've never failed him. If I were to reach our rendezvous on Titan with the Time Stone still attached to your vaguely irritating person, there would be... judgement." said Maw, as the needles moved, dangerously close to Strange's face. "Give me the Stone."
"Tony, I'm sorry. Either I can't or he won't—"
"Yeah, sure." replied Star-Lord.
"Welcome, Thanos, son of A'lars. Gamora, daughter of Thanos." said the hooded figure.
"What did you just say?" said Tony in a serious tone.
"Your powers are quaint. You must be popular with children." he said, as he attempted to grab the Eye Of Agamotto but jerked back when it burned his hand.
"Except for that I'm the captain." said Star-Lord, and he knew that Leyenar would say "you're right" if she was here.
Public Park, New York City, day. Tony Stark and Pepper Potts walked on having a conversation.
"Are you mocking me?" asked Thor.
"Right. And then you wake up, and in real life you actually have to pee." said Pepper.
" Rocket warned. Groot rolled his eyes. The Benatar decelerated, and Thanos's devastation suddenly covered the Guardians' field of view, revealing the distress signal to be the one from the Asgardian vessel at the beginning of the movie. Bodies were seen floating dead in space along with the pieces of the shredded ship.
"You're strong. Me. You're generous. Me. But I
"He already is." said Thor.
In the months following the battle with Ultron, the government had requested a meeting with Tony. Back then, he had convinced them that Ultron had been an individual mistake, a horrible one-time thing, and that, in the wake of what had happened, there had been no way to save Sokovia from destruction—that they had done everything in their powers to keep casualties at a minimum. And thus, a fragile truce was negotiated.
"Zen-Whoberis..." Ebony Maw muttered.
"Look, this is my ship. And I'm not goin' to…" Star-Lord paused mid-sentence, then said "Wait, what kind of weapon are we talking about here?"
Then suddenly, Leyenar emerged from one of the rooms with a boom box, and began singing.
Loki glanced at Thor like he knows something he doesn't. He lifted his right hand into the air and the Tesseract revealed itself.
Star-Lord felt a little dented. "I'm muscular."
In the beginning, there was the One Above All. He is ultimate, the creator of everything known and unknown. One of His first creations was a powerful group of beings, the Celestials. Their intelligence was unprecedented in all the galaxies, for they were creatures born with superior knowledge and abilities.
Hela:I bet he just gets One and it's Loki.
"You don't know that!" yelled Gamora.
"What are they?" asked Wanda, sounding fearful.
Meanwhile, Thanos and Gamora were on Vormir. "The stone had better be up there...for your sister's sake." said Thanos. The walk up the mountain seemed to be long, but not difficult. Paths worn by centuries or more of feet led up to the summit, where Thanos and Gamora encountered a floating hooded figure.
Deadpool:(popping in again) They're not gonna kill Black Panther! That would be commercial suicide. Almost like doing a Deadpool video without actually having Deadpool in it.
"WHAT?!" said Tony, since he disagreed with Pepper's warped view on Leyenar. "Are you cray-cray?! She's the best girl in the whole entire universe! If you talk about her that way again, I'll use this on
" Thanos held up his hand to reveal the Infinity Gauntlet, which already hosted the violet Power Stone.
But all his worries flew out the window when he found his best friend sitting outside. The Prince launched himself at him.
"I know. I had the surgery. I'm just trying to protect us. The future uses, and that's it. Just in case there's a monster in the closet, instead of, you know..."
"The Tesseract, or your brother's head. I assume you have a preference." Thanos replied calmly.
"No, Natasha and Rex are getting married," she said, lifting the doll in the air, followed closely by some stuffed dinosaur she'd jammed beneath her armpit.
Each stone lit up as Strange began naming them. "Space. Reality. Power. Soul. Mind..." He then opened the Eye Of Agamotto, revealing the green Time Stone. "And Time."
The Celestials, magnificent beings of great power and knowledge , are the Givers & Directors Of Fate, the Children Of Destiny, and the Bringers Of Life. They are known across the galaxies for being meddlesome in the affairs of Midgard or, as the humans say, Earth. The humans of Earth may liken them to holy creatures, reminiscent of the Catholic God's angels, though that does not give an accurate representation of who the Celestials are.
Tony’s brain stutters to a stop, his chair stops spinning, his pen dropping to the floor.
. Huh. Not exactly how he saw his day going when he woke up that morning. He’ll need to run it all by Pepper, of course, which should be a hoot and a half. She’d been less and less thrilled with his superheroing recently—Tony wonders if she thought it was just a phase, if his normal shiny-object-attracted attention span would win out eventually as it always had in the past, and bring with it new and less bullet-hole-ridden hobbies. Fortunately or unfortunately, that didn’t seem to be the case, and with Captain America in the picture bringing talk of teams and conspiracies and the fate of the world, Tony is certain this will be the defining era of his life rather than a short chapter. Pepper will come around.
to go. “All right, well. You have my attention. What can I do for you, Captain Rogers?”
“Steve, please. And I was hoping we could sit down and talk, maybe over lunch? They don’t really let me out of here without a chaperone, so…”
“You told me, about 2 years from now. Turns out we have similar water-related trauma.”
“We found Captain America. He’s alive. And he’s asking to see you.”
—” Steve chunked the gun at the trickster for a momentary distraction before he lunged forward, punching the man in the nose as hard as he could.
“H-Holy shit. You are—You’re Tony Stark! And you just-just tipped me—” The waiter stumbled over his words, and I held my hand up to silence him.
Steve took a seat and crossed his arms, bracing himself for what he expected to come next. “Just tell us what we have to do.”
Tony shot Steve a look, but it was ineffective with the tiredness still on his face. It had more resemblance with a pouty kid, which Steve thought was adorable.
“I know you’re enjoying the view, but do you wanna join instead?” Steve teasingly asked with a cocky grin. He dropped the rest of his clothes before he grabbed Tony’s tie, using it to gently tug Tony closer. “You’d make the birthday boy really happy.”
Steve’s fist balled tightly at his sides as his jaw set. He wouldn’t ever be able to get out of the loop. He wouldn’t ever be able to have a life with Tony that Steve’s spent the past five months knowing was very possible.
“Happy Birthday, Captain,” Natasha said with one of her small smiles. “I didn’t know what to expect when Tony told us he was planning this.”
“What—?” Steve’s eyes widened in surprise before he hastily grabbed the remote and turned up the volume.
“You-You know about…” Steve started to sputter out before he had to purse his lips together to stop any cries coming out.
A lot.
Steve rubbed the back of his neck before he grabbed a bottle of lotion nearby. “I don’t know how much to press down. I haven’t really given a massage since the serum.” He bit down on his lip before he moved to sit on Tony’s thighs, straddling him.
There was a dull thud from something hitting the floor before Tony peeked his head out from around the corner. He had a sheepish smile on his face. “You have wonderful ideas, Capsicle. Luckily, I had the same idea,” He stated with a proud voice before the sheepish look returned on his face. “Though… I may or may not have overdone it on the bubbles by accidentally dropping the bottle in the tub?”
Tony stared hard at Steve. “I’m guessing you didn’t tell J either. Or he wouldn’t have woken me up from my beautiful slumber to tell me Captain America was sneaking out of the building.”
I crawl into my bed with a heavy sigh, curling up and closing my eyes. “I’m hoping for Steve and me to get along for once,” I murmur to myself. Hearing it helps me want it more, and I want this. Us not getting along is getting old.
The tension was worse between them since the two were in close quarters in the car. Steve tried to avoid Tony’s gaze. He just ruined what could have been an amazing Thursday.
Steve rubbed his hands over his face as he slumped back. “It’s-It’s more complicated than that, Tony…” His voice quieted at the end as it droned off.
Steve scrambled out of his bed and frantically grabbed for his phone.
Sam shook his head before he wiped his forehead with his arm. “Cap, you alright? You didn’t hit your head or anything, did you? No brain damages?”
Rogers blinks, shakes his head as if to clear it, and seems to pull himself together. “Yes! Yes, sorry”—he takes a step forward, offering his hand—“Steve Rogers, and you must be Mr. Stark.”
back to 1945. He’d just gotten here, he was lost, confused, depressed. I gave him the option of a second chance, and he took it. So now here I am.”
Rogers laughed, a genuine laugh that crinkled the corners of his eyes. “Oh, I’d forgotten about that! That’s right, Nat’s report. You know it annoys her to no end how wrong her read on you was. Extenuating circumstances while you were dying, and all that. Don’t worry, I’ll deal with Fury. We’re a package deal—if he wants me, he’s gotta take you too.”
“I did. Apparently there’s no accounting for taste, even in the greatest hero the world has ever known. So I’d appreciate it if you hightailed it over to SHIELD before he realizes that the only thing keeping him from going to find you himself are a few locked doors and a couple dozen agents he could cut through like butter.”
Then came puberty. The few posters that survived in the back of his closet were pulled out with new interest, in a perverse combination of nostalgia, titillation, and the thrill of desecrating something dear to Howard.
“I thought you said we won, saved the universe, hip hip hooray?”
“No, I don’t need to go back—uh, forward. Your time needs a Captain America to help you face what’s coming. I sent the other one back, so that’s on me now.”
Tony can see how this man became a famous war hero and leader of men. This amount of earnestness shouldn’t be legal. It was intriguing, and a little terrifying, how easily Tony was willing to take him at his word.
Since he seemed to have the upper hand, at least for the moment, Tony swallows down any hesitation and saunters into the room with all the confidence he could believably manufacture.
“I’m sorry?”
Tony’s mind wanders back around to the subject at hand, and—“So wait, if you’re from the future, does that mean… back at headquarters, was the person I reminded you of… actually me?”
Rogers (there is no way Tony is calling Captain America ‘Steve’) smirks. “Yes, well, for the moment it’s easier just to humor them. At least until they get my back pay sorted out—right now all I have to my name is my shield and a few days worth of clothing they provided me.”
“Something like that, yes.”
Rogers stands up as Tony enters the room, and—
Tony snorted. “Oh yes, he has me on the roster as a ‘consultant’—according to SHIELD, I am too compulsive, self-destructive, and narcissistic for the whole superhero gig. Not a team player.”
And fitted jeans that left little to the imagination. He cut an imposing, if immensely hot, figure—or he would have had he not currently been slack-jawed and several shades paler than was probably typical.
Rogers lets out a surprised laugh. “What? No, god no, I sent
“I’m not the Steve Rogers Fury thawed last month. I’m from eleven years in the future.”
“I’m sure that’ll go over swimmingly.”
“What kind of team did you have in mind?”
Rogers chuckles, shifting the portfolio case onto his shoulder. “I’ll do my best. See you around, Tony.”
SHIELD.”
Rogers looks down at his hands folded on the table, a small furrow in his brow. When he looks up and meets Tony’s eyes there’s an intensity there where before had just been a guarded friendliness. Tony steels himself, not entirely sure why.
“Wow, okay. Damn. I assume you’ll be filling me in on this more later? Okay, well, it sounds like you know a lot more about what’s going on than I do, and you’ve certainly known Fury longer than I have. Why ask for my input? I mean I’m always happy for an opportunity to be opinionated but I really don’t think I have enough information here to be an informed advisor.”
Tony snorts. “Yeah no kidding dude. So may I surmise from your Casper the Friendly Ghost impression back there that other-me met with an untimely end? Or, oh! Was I a supervillain? I could see that, to be honest, especially days when Fury--”
Their server chose that moment to arrive with all their various dishes which gave Tony a moment to digest. Of course, Rogers’ plane went down in the Atlantic, if he was still conscious as it submerged, well. Tony couldn’t say he knew exactly what that felt like, but waterboarding was close enough to commiserate, sure. He feels himself tapping again, somewhat frantically, on the reactor case this time, and wills his hands still. He grabs a pair of chopsticks and the nearest dish without registering what it is, just to give them something to do. He looks up to see Rogers grabbing chopsticks and one of the spicier dishes himself, which he takes a large bite of with an appreciative noise.
Tony tries
“It’s fine. He’s planning on putting you on the active team anyways, once there’s a threat big enough. He just likes to make you sweat a little. Wants you to work for it.”
People assume Tony doesn’t notice things. Narcissistic, entitled rich boys don’t notice anything that doesn’t directly affect them. But that was never Tony’s problem. Tony’s problem is that he notices
“You haven’t been able to submerge yourself in water since Afghanistan.”
After maneuvering through the various security checkpoints at HQ, Tony is escorted to a small meeting room where he can see Rogers through the glass, sitting at the conference table reading a tablet. Tony sends the SHIELD lackey off, plasters on his media face, and pushes through the door.
Rogers scans the room once more, then meets Tony’s eyes. “What do you know about time travel?”
“Sure, yeah, I’ll have JARVIS send you my schedule, just pick an opening and I’ll be there.”
“That’s not entirely true, he has to kind of be… pointed in the right direction, but he’s sentient and can follow simple directions. We only let him loose in areas where collateral damage isn’t a problem, or is the whole point. And as for next steps, I’m thinking we meet again tomorrow or whenever you have another few hours to spare, talk to Fury, get the ball rolling. That sound good to you?”
“Stark. I’m going to need you to come down to headquarters ASAP. We have a… situation.”
“Plan on filling me in Cap, or did you want to play Twenty Questions? Is it bigger than a breadbox? Were there bread boxes in 1940? Probably more than there are today, right?”
“Okay. I’m in. Why not, right? Sounds like it’s either help you out or just sit on my ass and wait for the bad shit to get here, and I’ve never been good at sitting still, so. Sure. Let’s do it. What’s next?”
“Excuse me?”
“That’s very noble of you, Cap, but also very… butterfly effect-y. You realize the more you change now, the more the future will change, and your future knowledge will become obsolete. Who’s to say this time it won’t spin off into something even worse?”
“Actual time travel, yes. Specifically going backwards, but I’m curious if you’re familiar with any of the science at this point.”
“So, what’s with the briefcase the size of Manhattan?”
Rogers shakes his head. “I haven’t changed much, physically. I don’t age as fast as a baseline human. The doctors think that effect may wear off at some point, either I’ll start to age normally again, or age rapidly. We’ll find out, if I make it that far, but for now I should be mostly indistinguishable from him unless someone really knew what they were looking for.”
inches taller than Tony, and at least twice as wide in the shoulders. Someone must have taken him shopping—
not to give Rogers’ practically indecent clothing choices another once over. He’s not entirely sure he succeeded. “Well, at least they didn’t shove you in a SHIELD uniform—in this, at least, we have some slight possibility of blending in. Good thing I didn’t wear a suit, people are always less likely to recognize me in jeans. Anyhow. Where to, Cap? I know a great place with an All-American Cheeseburger, seems right up your alley?”
didn’t begin to describe adult Tony’s feelings towards Captain America.
Tony blinks “That was fast, didn’t Fury say they woke you up, like, three weeks ago? I mean I’m not one to talk, but I feel like there’s gotta still be some baggage there.”
“All right, all right, I’ll uh, I’ll be there in 30.” He waves his hand vaguely and JARVIS cuts the call. “Hey J, uh. Looks like I’ve got a date with my repressed childhood, so go ahead and clear my schedule, would you?”
“Knowing you, it’s something outrageous and –” Tony’s face fell a little. “Shit. I meant it as a joke, Tony.”
Steve chuckled. “Makes sense,” he said quietly. Nat hummed in agreement. “In what universe is this relevant now? How do you even come to this thought.”
The man shrugged. “I’m not sure. Maybe I’ll give it to the twins for their birthday, they laughed so much when they saw it.” Steve yawned again and Tony smiled gently. “You wanna sleep for a bit, Cap?”
“Breathe with me, Stevie, you got this.” Bucky’s hand cupped the back of his neck and held him firmly. His voice was determined in his ear. “It’s okay, just breathe, you got this.”
For Bruce’s birthday they bought party hats and horns, sat down in the living room and played board games for the entire night. Tony bought inordinate amounts of Indian food and no one mentioned jelly dicks. Steve sighed happily when Clint swore he didn’t plan anything outrageous. The biggest surprise of the night was Bruce winning at poker. The process was hilarious, with Darcy on his side as a lucky charm after she lost. She put on a ridiculous accent and pouted and smirked at everyone. When Clint was out, he borrowed her lipstick and mirrored her behaviour. After enough tequila, they pulled a Marilyn Monroe doing Happy Birthday, and Natasha laughed harder than anyone’d ever seen her. Despite Steve’s miserable longing, they had a lot of fun and it seemed they were all getting closer; which was all Steve could hope for, really.
“Yeah, he called me the other day, said you’d do great with his audience.”
Steve nodded. “Hey, if all else fails, at least they can suck dick.”
He could feel the nerves gathering as he added the perfunctory baseball cap and glasses that he favoured for lowkey trips outside. It was a half hour thing, go to his PO box, come back. Darcy had helped him set it up many months before — Darcy was truly a godsend when it came to normal life stuff. She’d always have an answer to all the stupid questions he had, and she always berated him for calling them stupid. “Steve, you’re adjusting, of course you won’t know what a VPN is,” she’d say and he’d nod defeatedly.
“Big words, man, you sure you know what they mean?”
Steve actually growled.
In true leader fashion, he called for a meeting with the available Avengers the evening after Bruce’s birthday. It was leaving things a bit late, he knew, but at the same time he didn’t want to hijack the scientist’s special day. They all gathered round the kitchen island in various stages of hangover – and really, what would the people say if they knew just how many days of the year the Avengers spent suffering from drinking too much? Steve brought out the whiteboard and coloured markers. He’d drawn the chart earlier that day, when everyone was off hiding from the daylight.
Steve quickly locates his best friend, back to back with Black Panther. They’re caught in between Doombots, working together to keep them away from the escaping civilians. “Status report. Widow come in.”
“I want to lick you
“Now! Get out now!” he shouted again, and banged his hand on the desk for good measure.
He shifted then, catching both Tony and himself by surprise when Tony slid in at a slightly different angle and – “There – fuck – Tony? Please!” He got up, wide-eyed and desperate for more. Only then did he realise he was still holding on to Tony’s hair and maybe pulling slightly too hard on it. He let go.
“Pity.” And he was kissing him slowly, the smallest tilt of his head as Steve opened his mouth wider and worked Tony’s tongue with his own.
Steve took a gamble with the last brainpower he possessed. The words left his him before he could talk himself out of it. “Will you come inside me first?”
Steve waved him off. “I’ll coerce that out of you later.”
Steve took his phone out and googled Tinder in an incognito window. Tony would know he did it, incognito or not, because Tony knew everything that went on when any of them used the internet, but at least it wouldn’t show up in his browsing history, and Steve was picking his battles. Steve hated Tinder very very much.
He rips his faceplate off, throws it to the side.
She nodded. “Let’s make it interesting. I’ll bet my tiara and you can bet…” She looked around trying to find something. Her smile broadened. “Ah! You lose and I get to set you up on a date!”
“Jesus, Steve,” Tony gasped, openly ogling him. He made to grab his cock, but stopped himself. “Look at you,” he whispered absently.
“Stark, we’re doing this right and getting the damn tree. Next,” she shouted and immediately regretted it, judging by the wince on her face.
As a boy, Steve read a lot. At times, it was the sole source of entertainment, especially when he was stripped of pretty much every other enjoyment that required any stamina. He read everything he could find, good books, bad books, bits and pieces, discarded newspapers and journals. He had to pause often; his eyes would get strained from squinting in the bad lighting, and he’d spend the time in between unbearable headache and manageable pain staring out the window and daydreaming about the things he’d read.
“Here,” the woman’s reply came promptly.
Tony gasped and clutched at his chest. “Captain! America! How could you? Kids, Steve says we should all sing some carols while he picks you up and you can ride him like a horse - AH I see!”
“Are you threatening me?”
One of the more brazen reporters approached them. He had a large smarmy grin on his face, something Steve associated with a real estate agent. Or a shark loan. Or a propaganda-fuelled agenda. “Stark, Rogers, how do you feel about messing up this time?” He had a camera guy he siked on them silently.
But there was no way to appease Tony. He moved back up, starting to kiss his shoulders. “Let me take my time with you, darling. I’ve waited so long to be able to do this.” He continued his ministrations on the side of Steve’s arm. When his muscles contracted in pleasure, Tony moaned and started licking the bulge of the muscle. “Fuck, you’re so incredible. No matter how hard I tried I couldn’t get the image of you tearing a log apart with your bare hands.”
“Who are you talking to?”
“Oh, look, we’re in a spy movie!” Tony said casually.
“No, you?” Steve interrupted, tone fake-disbelieving. It earned him a tiny bite.
“I panicked after –”
“What?”
The prime-minister shook his head. “Captain Rogers doesn’t sound nearly as impressive as Captain America,” he countered.
Steve actually had to get up to take a closer look. He stood next to Tony and unwittingly mimicking his position, head cocked to the left in an attempt to make sense of it all. He identified a somewhat faded ballerina and a dog that looked crippled and sad among the figurines.
He watched Tony almost in slow-motion, the way he sucked on his cheeks to gather saliva, then the pucker of his mouth, the wet flesh parting a bit, the moisture there, and he couldn’t look away. Tony’s fingers parted slightly to make room and then finally let the spit dribble down on Steve’s waiting tongue. It felt foreign, both warm and cold, and so amazing. Tony pulled his fingers out, dragging them all the way to Steve’s nipple while pushing his mouth shut.
He started on Wikipedia and went on to read articles about why Tinder was destroying human interaction, and other articles about how Tinder was a godsent for people who were busy or had trouble establishing human contact without the added feeling of security that distance and a possibility to sever the connection of any time gave them. He spent at least half an hour entertaining the possibility that Tony was into choking, and another half an hour trying to convince himself not to masturbate furiously.
She snorted and went on to rummage through a drawer. When she returned she held out a pair of silver Iron Man cufflinks. Steve took them and tried not to stare. “You know how to use cufflinks, I assume?” she asked.
Steve was panting, shamelessly thrusting his hips in the search for friction. The towel was tantalising, a fleeting touch on his needy dick. “I like any thought that involves you touching me.”
Tony sighed. “As much as I hate to be the voice of reason – and I hate it a lot – they’ll burn down New Jersey without us there.”
Steve rolled his eyes. “Clearly.”
“I don’t understand -”
“What happened to not overthrowing the government and all that?” Tony asked with a grin.
“I am now,” Steve confirmed.
“Tony,” Steve whined. This right here, this banter, this lighthearted way of interacting. Steve loved it. He kept at drinking his tea to avoid saying something embarrassing.
“See? Always looking after me. Now come to bed,” he said, patting the space next to him.
“Steve, what —“
The man followed his hand, nuzzling it. “I like your hands on me,” he explained.
Natasha tilted his head so the puppy eyes she was sporting were more effective. Her wavy hair fell on her shoulder, and her lower lip moved forward the tiniest bit.
“You know? You’re a good man, Tony,” Steve began to blurt out in his drunken thoughts. “You look a hell of a lot better than your father, that’s for sure.”
“I do love you, Steve. And Christ, I’m so sorry that you had to go through that alone,” Tony apologized with such sorrow that Steve knew it was honest.
“No, I don’t,” Tony grumbled as he blindly reached for the blankets. “I need sleep. That’s what I need. I’m not a super soldier like some people around here.”
“You don’t have to say thank you. I’ll get Pepper to request a debit card from you from my account. Just as long as you aren’t a gold digger who’s just here for my money.” Tony shot Steve a wink before he took another bite. “J? Can you send an email to Pepper?”
That’s just…disrespectful,” I gasp as I pull my own burger closer to me. “How could you do that to the poor burger?”
“Should we grab the bags first or wait until we see about room availabilities?” Steve asked once he finished stretching out whatever he needed to stretch.
Tony acted like he had to think about it. “I suppose I have nothing better to do,” He shrugged off before he smirked up to Steve.
“Tony!” Steve yelled out, because whatever was shot at Tony was eating through the suit’s metal. Without thinking, Steve threw his shield and split the weapon in two, rendering it useless. But there were still others.
The waiter set it down on the table with my credit card, and he still looked in shock. He ran his hand through his hair almost nervously. “Thank you. I-I… Just thank you. That’s incredibly generous, Mr. Iron Man sir,” He finished awkwardly.
“Really? I—Why?” Steve asked with a quizzical look before he glanced into the bedroom, his cheeks getting that shade of pink again.
Though, now Tony is going to have to go through the pain of explaining all this…this
Steve pulled away from Tony, shocked by his own words. It was too soon. Too sudden for Tony who knew nothing of their history. Steve ran a hand through his hair and glanced around at the crowd now around them. “We should get back, don’t you think?”
“You figured? Hold on, Rogers. Did you pair us up together for this mission?”
Tony gasped and put a hand over his heart in mock-hurt. “That hurts, Rhodey-Bear. Truly.”
It wasn’t like Steve hadn’t been completely oblivious. He knew of Tony’s flirts, but Steve brushed them off by excusing it as casual or because the flirts didn’t hold anything but sexual undertones to them. Now, though, Steve was beginning to think otherwise.
trust anyone that lives in this tower, it’s you.”
“Shut up, Stark,” He huffed out in response though a light smile was on his face.
“If I was— Jesus, Steve.” Tony huffed out in annoyance. At that moment the suit opened up and Tony stepped out of it.
It was on every news station.
fuck me.” He reached forward and grabbed Steve by the shirt and into a heated kiss.
“It certainly sounds better than being alone right now,” Steve replied in a soft breath, moving to grab Tony’s hand in his. Steve had to remind himself that Tony was his anchor, his grip for control. As long as Tony was around, Steve should be okay.
“I did,” Tony answered in a sigh as he made his way over to the barstools. “But then I turned it back on, so I can know what they’re saying about us. I haven’t heard anything homophobic so far, but I know it’s coming. It’ll probably be all over Twitter.”
Steve stood up from the booth and thanked the guy as well before we walked back to the car. It must have just dawned on the waiter who was with me, because I heard his gasp before he whispered, “It’s
Tony looked down at their intertwined hands with a smile. “If what you say is true, then I absolutely despise that I won’t be able to remember any of this.” He looked back up, and Steve saw pity in Tony’s eyes.
“You enjoy that disgrace then, while I bask in the deliciousness of my cheeseburger.” I shake my head then takes a bite from my normal cheeseburger.
Sam snorted. “Maybe in a dream. But not in real life, man.” Steve looked back to Sam before he sighed, letting it go.
“Oh, no need to remind me,” Tony chuckled as the two made their way towards the garage. “I see the bill for the groceries, and I see how it skyrocketed since you moved into the tower.”
Tony grinned and the crinkles around his eyes appeared. “Got it.” He saluted Steve with two fingers and winked before he walked over to the culprit stuck in the wall from Steve’s kick.
“That sounds good to me,” Steve chuckled lightly as he leaned his head back. “I want to thank you again for today. It wasn’t what I wanted exactly, but I had a really good time with everyone,” He thanked softly after a couple minutes of them simply enjoying each other’s presence.
“Jealous, Cap? Trying to size up the competition?” Tony quipped with a smirk. “Obviously I’m not going to tell you. Though the only person that knows is Rhodey, and he isn’t in town currently. Plus, he wouldn’t tell anyways.”
“Think? I know I’m funny,” Steve countered with a chuckle before he handed his water bottle to Sam. “Here, you need it more than me. Accompanied with a shower but that water is for you to drink.”
“But—” Steve sighed before he unbuckled his seatbelt. There was no use arguing it. They were there already and sitting in Tony’s parked car. “I do appreciate this, Tones. It’s thoughtful, but not necessary.”
Steve stared up at Tony for a moment before he stood with pursed lips. “It’s worth a try…” Tony smiled warmly to Steve before they walked to the floor in the Avengers section of the tower to the medical center.
He stared down at Tony as emotions flooded through him. Though at the moment, pure anger took over.
Tony went to the corner of the conference room and started to make some coffee. In every conference room he has installed a coffee machine. “Do you still take it black?” He asked and glanced over his shoulder to Steve. It was starting to get personal, and a warm drink could hopefully help ease Steve better. If they were going to have this conversation, he might as well try to make it peaceful.
They were dead men walking.
Steve let his head rest in Tony’s hand as he gave Tony his full attention.
Tony’s smirk grew. “No,
It had to be Loki that was torturing Steve with this time loop. There was no other explanation for the Asgardian weapons or for the mystical loop that appeared to be unbreakable.
Tony nodded with his eyes closed, his stubble brushing against Steve’s bare chest. “I already had that plan, but good. It’s better that we share the idea.”
“Then uncomplicate it,” Tony comforted with that soft voice of his, resting his other hand gently on Steve’s forearm. “I know that sounds like bullshit, but it’s how I create things all the time. It helps.”
Steve set his plate of toast at the bar before sat down with his coffee and the newspaper that he got on his way back. He took a bite of toast as looked over the newspaper in simple bewilderment.
The suit was ruined in the front as whatever substance it was had melted away the metal, which fell onto Tony’s chest and dripped down.
Steve has spoken in front of crowds before, but that didn’t mean it was his favorite thing. After guests from the crowd started to pat his back, he gave in and met Tony up on the table.
“About all those days you broke down, you couldn’t take anything anymore—”
“How is that going, by the way?” I ask a little off topic. “The catching up with the twenty-first century and what not,” I elaborate on as I wave a hand in the air.
“Brother, what have you done here?” Thor’s tone was angry, but also worried for what his brother did. Steve did not look as friendly as he used to, even when in mid-battle.
Steve clutched his shield tightly as he pressed against the wall, listening as he heard sets of hesitant footsteps approach the stairs. When he determined the footsteps were close enough, he swung his arm around the corner and hit the first guy in the face.
“I’m thinking about just getting chocolate chip pancakes,” I say as I point to it on Steve’s menu. “They look good, and they seem like they’ll be enough.”
Tony was drunk.
Now or never.
“Right… Yeah, of course,” I breathe out, rubbing a hand over my face. “Where are we?” I ask before Steve could get the chance to start bouncing questions off me.
for Christ’s sake.” The words just tumbled out of Steve’s mouth and he didn’t realize it until he saw Tony’s expression.
Tony felt like a fish with his mouth opening and closing. “I-I...I’m
Steve’s look softened a little before he shook his head. “Well, you surprised me, Stark. That’s a healthy mindset.”
I put away my card and wallet before I wrangle up all the bags into my arms again. “Thank you, young man. We’ll let you get back to your…
“So, what? Capsicle isn’t around either.” Tony didn’t fully intent on throwing Steve under the bus, but all the heat was on himself even though they were always gone at the same times. Either way, it still earned him a small glare from Steve.
from before.” I wink to him with a grin before I head off with Steve.
“Well, I had to see what my pal Captain America was hiding from me,” Tony retorted with that snappy tone of his. “Is this a new pastime or something? Or are you hiding something from me?”
It felt like he woke up immediately after he fell asleep, and it was another Thursday. Steve grabbed his alarm clock – that was back on his night stand – and he chunked it across the room in anger.
Before Steve could punch the guy nearest to him, there was a blast at the back of the building. Everyone turned to examine what just happened. Steve felt dread and fear build up inside his chest and stomach.
Loki was not easy to catch either when the Master of the Arts knew someone was after him. And Steve was definitely after that man.
“Damn straight,” I agree with a grin before I stuff my mouth with a fork full of waffles and melted chocolate.
Steve let out a bitter chuckle at that thought of this. Maybe that’s why Loki started the loop. Just so Steve could feel Tony’s sleep deprivation for himself.
He snapped his fingers to stop the beeping – it was a fancy alarm clock (to Steve) that was a moving-in gift from Tony – before he finally sat up and stretched. Steve glanced around the room, a precautionary measure he’s adapted over the years, before he got up and got ready for his morning run.
Steve favored The Incredibles and the Back to The Future trilogy – for obvious reasons. Tony stayed at Steve’s side, though he was struggling to fight against sleep. He did stay awake though, he was just no longer paying attention to the movie and instead paying attention to staying awake.
Steve winced in embarrassment. “Please just forget them again. I wish I could, but I can’t.”
Tony chuckled at that, taking another turn. “Duly noted.”
“Steve, come on,” Tony huffed out before he grinned to Steve. “It’s your birthday! And the Fourth of July! Let’s just have a little fun tonight.”
I pause at that. It
They finished their breakfast with small chatter, both being more focused on eating the food that was in front of them. Tony paid, even with Steve’s refusal, then the two left to stroll around. They walked close to each other on the sidewalks of the city, their shoulders almost bumping together as they walked.
Tony’s eyebrows raised in surprise. “Was that the only time we’ve done that?” He asked curiously, his lips quirking up in smirk.
Steve glanced behind the man before he sighed impatiently. “You’re annoying me,” He stated blatantly with an expressionless face. He pursed his lips together before, in a quick motion that even caught Tony off-guard, Steve snatched the gun out of the man’s hands while simultaneously doing his signature power kick, effectively sending the man flying back.
The closest people to him kept dying, and it was fault.
This time Loki didn’t get to finish. Steve’s fingernails dug into his palms as he kept his hands at his sides, but he swung his leg forward and kicked Loki in the face. It didn’t do any permanent damage, but it managed to knock him unconscious from the blow.
Steve wanted to argue. He wanted to bash Loki’s head against the wall and to do his worst. To hell with his reputation. He was
Plus, Tony would try to trace any message or call since Steve made sure to bring everything with him that wasn’t tracked. He needed to be alone.
Tony looked more surprised at that, but it was a pleasant sort of surprise. “You’re in luck then. I know of almost every diner around here. Just let me get ready first.” He smiled warmly before he turned and walked off, leaving the door open. “Make yourself a home. I shouldn’t be too long,” Tony called over his shoulder before disappearing in his bathroom.
Steve cocked his head to the side a bit at Tony’s choice of words. “Worse?”
“She’s all yours,” Steve mused with a smile. “I did give you the keys back, after all.”
Steve arched an eyebrow up before he grabbed his sweat rag, wiping at his forehead with it. “He did. Is this what you want to talk about? Because I already have some strategies—”
and the Avengers were all called together to search Earth.
“Whatever you say, sir,” Jarvis responded to me, and I didn’t miss the smugness of his voice. I couldn’t have just made a normal AI. I just
“What, the Greatest Avenger can’t handle this himself?” Steve asked with a teasing tone before he ran over and slammed into one of the dealers with his shield, breaking the fridge and weapon-in-hand with the dealer’s body.
Steve grabbed a napkin and wiped his hands, once again not looking at Tony. “It-It got exhausting, and I couldn’t always go to you,” He wiped his mouth before he set the napkin in one of the empty boxes. “There were…so many days that I thought I would never get out.”
“Gladly,” Steve murmured with a relaxed smile. He gently cupped the back of Tony’s neck then kissed him again.
They just killed Captain fucking America’s love of his life.
Steve peered down at the magazine and grimaced. The paparazzi photo that was taken of the two was plastered on the front of the magazine along with the headline that read
Tony rubbed his arm and gave Steve a weird look. “Okay, are you angry with me or something? You’ve been cooped up in here since you woke, and now you’re throwing beaten-up punching bags at me?” He glanced around Steve and Tony’s brows pulled together. “Christ, Steve…” He saw all the beaten-up punching bags that Steve had already torn through and were lined up to be disposed of.
“Wait so, wait. Say I believe you, which I definitely do not, are there two of you running around Manhattan now? Where’s the other you? Did you… off him or something?”
Tony barks out a laugh. “Oh I see, you’re just using me for a jailbreak! Not that I mind—anything that will give Fury an aneurysm is instantly at the top of my agenda. Although how they think they can keep you here against your will…”
to do better.”
“A fishing boat found him in the arctic, in a state of suspended animation. We thawed him out, and thanks to good old Doctor Erskine’s serum he’s right as rain.”
Rogers clasps his hands together on the table, a little too tightly. He sat on the side of the booth that gives a direct view of both the entrance and the door to the kitchen—Tony is very familiar with that instinct, but is willing to concede the spot to Captain Fucking America. The shield in its portfolio disguise is leaning against his thigh in such a way that if he were to need it, he’d have it out and in position by the time he was out of the booth. His features are youthful, if insanely attractive, but his eyes are piercing, deep, intelligent, and give the impression of someone who has seen much more than his years should add up to.
At this point their server comes by to check on them, and Tony takes the opportunity to hand over his card. He comes here often enough—and tips well enough—that they’ll let them have the table as long as they want, and know to give him privacy once he’s paid.
——————————
——————————
“Seriously? Thai? You think your 1940s tastebuds can handle it?”
“Yeah but Tony—the cost. We lost—badly—first. We salvaged a lot, and you prevented an even worse catastrophe, but the end result was basically post-apocalyptic. It’ll take decades, maybe centuries, to heal from the damage. If we ever do. We can do better. We
“That’s… that’s impossible, it’s been seventy years, it’s—wait, did you say he was asking for
. Usually anyone who knew Howard jumped at the chance to point out any little similarity. It was a lifelong annoyance. “Well Captain, I’m glad to see you up and defrosted, of course, though I’m not entirely sure why you called for me—in fact I have no clue whatsoever, but I know you knew my father, I know you two were close, so before we go any farther, you really should know—I’m not Howard.”
“I thought Fury
“I like a challenge.”
Tony accepts the handshake—
because he was wearing modern clothes. A grey henley that was at least a size too small.
Rogers gives him a boyish grin that is
Rogers rubs the back of his neck sheepishly, “Yeah… sorry. I couldn’t just blurt it out, you know, but I’m not, uh, the best actor. Unfortunately.”
“Look, Mr. Stark—Tony, I knew your father as a young man. He was good to me and my men, but he was not without his flaws, not least of which was his inability to put anyone else’s needs ahead of his own. Now, Fury gave me files on everyone involved in his Avengers Initiative, as well as access to the internet, library, and so forth. The things you’ve done as Iron Man… they’re amazing. Howard could never have been that selfless.”
“No, but you have good instincts, and you may not have all the pieces but I’ve never known anyone who can extrapolate outcomes from limited information better than you can. Also, back in my time, one of our downfalls… in fact I’d say our biggest downfall, what lead to everything going to shit, was a lack of communication and failure to keep each other in the loop. I’d like to avoid that this time around. Keep our lines of communication open, talk out ideas, try not to assume the worst or jump to conclusions.”
“Of course I’m familiar with the science, I’m—wait, oh, oh boy. Look, I see where you’re going with this—”
At the restaurant, Rogers asks Tony to order for them, so he rattles off a selection of various curries and noodle dishes that should give a decent variety even if Rogers ends up only able to eat the milder ones. Did the Serum affect his heat tolerance? They’ll find out shortly.
Rather than answering, Rogers smirks and ducks into a corner, nodding Tony over. He unzips the top and lets Tony peak inside, revealing a distinctively painted metal curve. “Oh shit, is that…? What am I saying, of course it is. Damn. You know, Howard spent the better part of half a century looking for the Valkyrie. Man, he’d be pissed if he knew some fishing boat showed him up.”
Rogers, thankfully, stops him before he starts spinning out into what-ifs. “Tony! Tony, hey, it’s fine, it’s all right, that’s not where I was going with this, though it’s obvious why you thought that. I should have seen that coming, really. No, I’m not trying to go back. That part of my life is over, I’ve mourned it and”—he gives a wry little smirk—“moved on, I guess.”
Rogers huffs a breath, runs a hand through his hair with a look Tony can’t place. Not quite the initial shock of when Tony first arrived, but definitely in the same family. The look you get when you’re reminded of something you maybe didn’t want to be, or weren’t prepared to be, at least.
Tony… is not sure what to do with this information. He leans back in the booth, blinks a few times. “Wow. That’s. Wow. I assume it, uh, worked, right? Saved the universe, all that jazz?” Rogers nods. “Well, not a bad way to go, all things considered. Better than choking on a pretzel. Ever since Iron Man that’s how I’ve hoped to go out, blaze of glory and all that, but getting confirmation is... a whole other thing.”
and smiles tightly back at him. “Tony, please. Mr. Stark was my father, and I know there’s a family resemblance, but I didn’t think I looked
Rogers interrupts him before he spirals out into a full-on ramble. “No, no. Definitely not a supervillain. You, uh. You saved the universe, actually.” He looks down at his bowl, fingers clasped a little too tightly around the chopsticks. “You sacrificed yourself to save trillions, to save life as we know it.” He looks up finally, and Tony draws in a breath at the depth of emotion he sees when their eyes meet. Rogers smiles sadly. “You laid yourself on the wire, like you always do.”
“Oh! Oh, no, that’s not—you remind me of someone, someone else that is. You don’t actually look much like Howard at all.”
Tony rolls his eyes. “Of course he does. All right, so what’s our first step, talk to the big guy? Assemble the team? Who are we talking about, anyway? I hacked into Fury’s files at one point to see the competition, and there weren’t many, unless that’s changed in the last six months.”
“No, you’re right, and actually that’s one of the reasons I wanted to speak with you first. I wanted to get your opinion on bringing Fury in—not SHIELD, just Nick.”
“Actually, if it’s all the same to you, I think I heard one of my handlers talking about a great Thai place a few blocks over?”
“So.” Tony says as their server moves on to the next table. “I figure you could have easily charmed some hapless junior agent into taking you out for curry. I assume there’s something you wanted to discuss away from Nick Fury’s ever-present ears?”
Tony blinks. “Excuse me?”
And so he spent late childhood resenting everything having to do with Captain America. Threw out the toys, broke the shield in half, stopped trying to emulate him in words and deeds. If he could never compare, if it was asinine to even attempt, then he might as well make a full one-eighty and live down to Howard’s expectations.
“But. But why? How does he even know who I am, that I exist? How…?”
Tony pulls the check over, signs the bill and leaves an exorbitantly large tip while Rogers grabs his shield case. As they make their way back outside, Tony slips his sunglasses on and holds his hand out for Rogers to shake, which he does firmly. “Well Cap, guess I’ll be seeing you tomorrow. Try not to take down all of SHIELD without me.”
He’s not entirely sure why he told JARVIS to patch Fury through, he usually likes to blow him off for a few calls, get him nice and surly first. He supposes he needed a distraction after staring at the same blueprints for several hours.
“I’d like to, yes. We work well together, compliment each other, and if we can avoid the traps we fell into the first time, I think we really have a chance of turning things around before they go badly again. I’d like you on my team, if you’ll have me.”
“Good.”
Interest definitely isn’t a problem right now.
“Ok, wow. Um. This is all very Terminator, ‘come with me if you want to live’ stuff so… how do I know this isn’t just some cryogenically induced delusion, or something?” Tony taps out a rhythm on the table, fingers restless. “You know me, in the future, right? That’s why you’re here? Tell me something you can’t read in a file, and maybe I can suspend disbelief for a bit.”
“I don’t believe it will. I can’t. And really”—he lets out a heavy sigh—“it can’t go all that much worse than it did the first time.”
“Well, for now, SHIELD thinks I’m the original Steve Rogers, and I’m going to keep it that way. I can work behind the scenes, set things up the way I know will prevent or intercept things that caught us with our pants down the first time. I have enough pull just as Captain America that people don’t usually question me when it looks like I know what I’m talking about.”
“Take your shirt off and lay on your stomach,” Steve told Tony softly before he blushed. “F-For a massage! Your back – I was going to help soothe your back with a massage,” He rambled once he got a strange yet seemingly intrigued look from Tony.
“It’s all yours,” I yawn as I drop my dirty clothes on my bag, proceeding to flop onto what Steve designated as my bed when he chose the other. “Night, Rogers.”
A dumbfounded expression settled on Tony’s face before it was quickly wiped away with a shrug of his shoulders. “I totally knew that, pft.”
“So, you mentioned that I tried cooking for us? What for?” Tony asked curiously, though not in a pushy manner. His voice was gentle, not wanting to cause Steve to tense up and close off.
The elevator doors opened with a ping before Tony walked out and held up the bag. “Did a supersoldier order cheeseburgers?” He grinned and made his way back over to his living room. “Hot and ready to eat.”
“Tony are you okay?” Steve asked with worry dripping from his voice as he turned around. Though, clearly, he wasn’t.
“Nope! We’re going to enjoy this extravagant bubble bath I made for you and me to enjoy together before your birthday is officially over,” He paused for a moment and shrugged. “Plus, they do smell good.”
“What do you mean another?” Sam answered in between pants as he gave Steve a weird look. “For the past
Steve was obviously taken aback at the bluntness of Tony’s greeting, though he didn’t seem offended. After all, it was Tony’s right to act this way.
Steve hit his hand, lightly, on the car. “See? I’m telling the truth. For some reason, someone but me in this loop and I have no fucking idea why they—” Steve finally took a moment to look around, and he froze. It was the field that Bucky and he used to go to. Which was also the field Steve took Tony the first time in the loop when the two first got close. “Tony, why did you bring us here?” His voice wasn’t as urgent anymore but leaning more towards perplexed.
They got out the car together and made their way over to the building. As they walked, Steve tugged on his cowl and secured it. “Now would be a good time to suit up.”
Steve scooped up his own belongings before he tiredly walked over to the bathroom. “Night, Tony. I’ll try not to sing too loudly in my sleep.”
“I don’t know much else to say, so please, enjoy yourselves and remember to throw all your trash away in the bins,” Steve concluded with a raised eyebrow to everyone before a charming smile fell on his face.
Except for Thor, who stayed on Asgard to try to search there incase the incident was recent, and Loki didn’t have time to escape yet.
And just like that, the bastard was gone. I wasn’t even able to get a word in over my dumbfounded state.
– then he may not get with Tony. Steve would be damaged and scarred after, and he shouldn’t put that on Tony.
“Right…” Rhodey finally spoke as an awkwardness settled between the three. “I’m going to find Pepper.”
“I don’t doubt it,” Steve chuckled as he did the same and grabbed his toothbrush. Even though Steve didn’t technically live in the suite with Tony, he had a good bit of stuff over there since they spent most nights together in that suite.
The next morning is where some sense finally got knocked into both of them. In other words, the alcohol wore off.
The day was bright and cloudless, a welcomed change from the grey clouds that had been drifting over the city most of the week. Steve warmed up in his kitchen area of the apartment in Tony’s tower. He moved in about a year ago.
He quickly pulled the phone away from his ear as he pressed the red end call button.
He didn’t find it as funny as me, but he also didn’t take it as hard as I was expecting. “And I wonder why that is, Stark.”
“Yeah. The weapon dealers. So far, the call from J happened at the same time both days. And that’s,” Steve glanced around for a clock before he found one hung on the wall. “One hour from now.”
Rhodey shook his head before he walked off and muttered to himself something about needing new friends. Tony just rolled his eyes again before he hopped off the stool to make his way over to Bruce and Steve.
After all, he did have Tony. And that was all Steve needed.
He balled his hands into fists and stared at the punching bag. Steve reeled his arm back and punched it with everything he had, sending it flying and hitting the wall harder than the previous punching bag had.
“The food usually is good. Especially when high or drunk, but we don’t have to get into that right now,” I chuckle before I pick up the front and back menu.
“Thank you, Captain. Now I need to go talk to our little ‘friend’ if you don’t mind. We’ll check in tomorrow with you, okay?” Fury stood up and patted Steve’s shoulder on his way out. “Try and get some rest.”
Steve pressed his lips together. He understood what he put Tony through, but was it really that hard for him to civil? “I’m sorry for all of it. I don’t regret helping out Bucky, but I know it could have all been handled much differently and avoided all together. I’m sorry I didn’t tell you sooner about your parents…” He paused after that and tried to see if he can catch Tony’s gaze, but there was no luck. “I…I didn’t know how. And I knew there would have been a bias set against Bucky. But
are we ready to leave?” He asked impatiently, and his body did the thing where he leaned his weight on one leg with his hip sticking out a little.
Tony took a quick swig of the whiskey before he picked the phone back up, his hand tight around the small device.
Fury looked them two over once they sat. “This one should be simple enough for the two of you together. On this mission, that is,” And there was the joke. “There’s a small group down in Queens that have been on our radar for a while, and we finally have a definite time and location for them. We don’t know if they’re HYDRA or not, but they’re currently dealing off alien styled weapons. Your mission is to put an end to it, but we need at least one alive. Understood?”
Tony pulled away to step in front of Steve. He cocked an eyebrow up as he looked Steve over. “How many of those have you had exactly, Cap?”
“Don’t get too crazy now, Rogers,” I chuckle before I walk off to the bathrooms.
“And Nat isn’t the vacationing type to begin with.”
“You’ll let me take you up then?” Steve rested his hands on Tony’s hips, his lustful eyes roaming over the tank top wearing Tony.
“What if I only drive until lunch?” He offered as a counter argument. “It’s only for a few hours. You can take a nap between then and lunch, re-energize at lunch with some food, then take back the wheel after if you feel like it.”
Luckily Thor took that moment to barge in. He was radiating anger as well, but not for the same reason. Steve didn’t tell Thor everything, just that he located Loki on Earth – or Midgard.
It can be fairly debated that Steve was not thinking things through, and the same could go for Tony. They weren’t thinking about the next day or how this would potentially affect their professional relationship or even if this was a one-night stand.
He just went at it, punching and kicking any body that came his way. He founded his knife at one point and used it to stab one of the dealers in the neck.
“First, I want to give a huge thank you to Tony for throwing this party not only for me, but also for all of you to enjoy,” Steve paused and smiled as he let the crowd die down again. “I was told tonight was going to be like any other PR event, but it seems far from it,” He joked lightly and chuckled.
When Bruce was out of earshot, Tony raised an eyebrow to Steve. “Clint’s chores?”
It started with today: our last day in New York before we had to leave. I was packing my bags with some music playing through my speakers via Jarvis, and he decided to come knocking on my door.
Trigger Warning: minor thoughts on suicide
It was just getting frustratingly annoying. The three weeks since the Beach Thursday ended, Steve put all of his remaining energy into trying to find his way out. But nothing came up or appeared to be an answer. Nothing. Nada. Zip.
must be like for you. I can’t attempt to know the answer to this one. But can you promise me something?”
Sam shook his head with his own breathy laugh before he used Steve’s helpful hand to haul himself up. “Mister Smart-Guy over here thinks he’s funny, huh?”
He went in to help train the hand-picked members of a tac team with Natasha. They were cocky, bordering on rude. Nat took two of them out of commission for a month. He made two of them resign before they were fired on very strong accusations of sexism and damn near sexual harassment. One of them cried. It was beautiful to watch, and it made wonders to Steve’s scattered mind. At the end of the day he discreetly high-fived Natasha. Fury’s yelling could reportedly be heard two floors down.
The sooner it got to New Year’s Eve, the less calm things got in the tower. Of course, a seemingly low-life villain who dropped bombs from drones decorated as reindeer didn’t help. Tony had flown out through one of the windows, Thor managed to shortcircuit half the tower, and Natasha broke the coffee table in what was collectively deemed the most ridiculous attempt on their lives ever. The damage to the tower wasn’t even the guy’s fault - Mr. Rudolph he called himself and Steve was starting to develop some sort of allergy to the name. All of the damages came from convoluted actions taken thinking there was more real danger. Steve’s favourite moment was Darcy tasing the shit out of the guy when he got in her sights, and then throwing her shoe at him for ruining her lunch date. Bruce had mercifully stayed as Bruce, even though the distinct green hue was everpresent. Darcy’s fingers soothed the back of his head, and it seemed to work fine.
“Look kids, it’s Captain America! In his glorious tracksuit bottoms and mercifully tight t-shirt, and sans shield but with a present inste - Steve that won’t help in battle,” he said, tickling the two kids on his lap slightly.
“Hello?” Clint’s voice filled the room, groggy and quiet.
“Fuck.”
“Yeah, cause a drunk Captain America wouldn’t feed the tabloids,” Steve threw sarcastically.
“I thought you couldn’t get drunk, Buck. What is this, memory lane? You always did this and I had to listen to you for
Maria Hill of all people chose to lean forward, resting her elbows on her knees. “Dick sucking, Thor.” She prodded a jelly dick with her finger and then looked up at the god. “But
There were murmurs around the room. Steve was actually afraid he’d fucked up beyond belief. Should have stayed in bed, soldier boy. “Please. I am not here –
“Then shut the hell up and be helpful!”
“I won’t kick you out because I’m trying to avoid a scene. But do one wrong thing, Hammer, and I will personally see it that you will never set foot in any half decent establishment in this city.”
Tony spent the entire fight in his ear baseball commentary style, accents and voices accurately done. He had to fight the urge to laugh as he climbed onto the back of a Doombot and bashed it with his shield.
Glasses. On the bridge of his nose. Square rimmed glasses that framed his smiling eyes.
“It’s more than okay —holy shit, I haven’t come like that in years.”
Tony sat up, rearranging the goat. “You’re free to take them if you want to, Darling. We just figured you could use a break from harassing assholes.”
Come say hi to me on
“Yes, I would like to spend my birthday making out with you.”
“Who’s Matilda? What?”
Tony’s hand moved lower, over his own, and he pulled gently at the beads. Each one popping out of his clenching hole was a modicum of torture. Steve thought that perhaps he was crying, cradled on Tony’s forearm, with the man’s lips on his own, the man’s tongue on his own. He didn’t know if he was still coming or if he’d died or if he just existed in sweet purgatory, his head dipping under water every now and then and he was drowning, but he was gasping, but he was – “I love you,” he whispered in Tony’s chest, rubbing his cheek on the man’s nipple, further on the warmth of the arc reactor.
“Told you. And I’m a steed.”
She looked at him. “Who?” Then she turned to Steve who was still soothing the goat. “Oh! Hi bubba, hi sweetheart,” she cooed. “Okay, yeah, I’ll forgive you.”
“That’s the idea, yeah.” He fingered Steve hard, the angle making him mewl obscenely. After a couple more slaps, he finally lifted his butt in the air.
He picked it up and hurried to the living room. As soon as he walked in, hair sticking out from running his hands through it, present perched on his hip, and eyes looking around wildly, Steve felt it. The same train from last time, with the same precise speed and the same merciless power. Steve felt like someone stabbed him in the kidneys. The force of his recurring epiphany was enough to make him stop abruptly and any words he might have thought of saying died in his constricted throat.
“Yeah, like the – oh, I see. Well, the one in the kitchen can’t be used with my alloy for Clint’s arrows or Natasha’s new – I mean I could probably tweak it a little and then if I reinforce it…” He pulled out a bit of paper and starting calculating.
“One of these days we’ll need to find something for you to get drunk on,” Tony said as he downed his absinthe. Steve knew he recognised the smell.
“Don’t you mean ‘please, goat, no’?” Steve asked.
“What?” His grin disappeared and a small frown formed exactly where Steve knew it would, the tiniest bit to the left of his face, right above his eyebrow.
“Mhm, this one’s drunk and I’m greedy so I’ll ask again: truth or dare?” Tony scoffed but stayed silent and waved her on.
“Well, I’m not a quitter. At least there’s less for all of you to drink, and that makes me happy.”
She arranged them and fixed the camera on the tripod. “Okay, on three say ‘Avengers’! And because that doesn’t work, also smile. One, two…” The shutter went on a couple of times. Pepper went through the photos she took and consulted Darcy. “Okay we got it! Now for the other ones.” She urged them all to gather up once more for their personal photos before setting the timer. “Go crazy, guys, it’s our first Christmas together.”
It was too much: the pompousness of it all added to Steve’s fatigue induced crankiness. The perpetual state of hyperawareness of Tony’s presence didn’t help, combined with how fake and politically driven it all was made him turn on his heel and walk towards one of the adjacent rooms.
Thor continued to talk goat while everybody watched dumbfoundedly. “In today’s weird shit,” Clint started. “Why do you know how to bleat? I mean with a meaning, we can all bleat. Kinda.”
“I walked in and you were being silly for the kids and it was goddamn snowing and – Tony, I don’t think I can put into words how fucking beautiful you looked.”
“Hi, gorgeous. How are you feeling?”
Emboldened by the needy tone, Steve pushed the blanket all the way to Tony’s feet, laughing at the way the man kicked at it to free his legs. He was hard, Steve noticed in the dim light. Hard and leaking and
Steve opened his eyes to find Tony had indeed pulled the table closer to the armchair. His glasses were gone. His jeans were pushed down just enough to make room, and was stroking himself as slowly as humanly possible for someone who looked as desperate to touch Steve as he did. “Promise me you’ll fuck me,” Steve gasped.
Steve braced himself. “For how I felt whenever I saw you and realised I could never feel like this for anyone else,” he explained. Then he promptly shut his eyes, ready to feel the bed dip as Tony got up, ready to hear the door shutting behind him, and ready to be left alone.
The man opens his mouth, then chuckles knowingly. “It’s too easy. But also, yes.” He shifts the shield on his back and grabs Tony’s hand. There’s a brief thought that Steve knows exactly what he’s doing, and that he’s perfectly aware his whispers still carry through the earpieces. It’s lost once Steve speaks. “You want me in the pink dress too?” he asks quietly. “Do you have a horse? You wanna use my long hair as a sex swing?”
So he unpacked, folded, refolded, and hung his clothes. He showered meticulously, fingernails to toenails, to hair tips. He towel dried until his skin felt a bit tender, before quickly healing. He changed into pyjama bottoms, got into bed, pulled the duvet precisely up to his sternum, turned the lamp off, and proceeded to stare into the darkness.
“Yes, yes, now come along.” When there was no sign of success Tony sighed, cocked his head, tutted, sighed again, and lightly backhanded Steve’s shoulder in the quickest succession Steve had seen. “Wanda!”
Tony grabbed on to the back of his thigh and held him there, tongue working mercilessly on his slit. Steve couldn’t take it, he couldn’t and he wouldn’t, so he allowed himself to come with a long and desperate moan. He could feel Tony swallow it all, making his dick twitch pathetically as the wet heat became entirely too much.
“Have you met me?” Tony asked knowingly.
Tony scoffed. “It was just an idea, we didn’t implement it. Well, not exactly.”
“You’ll regret sleeping here,” Steve said gently.
“Oh, you do now?” The smugness was already there. Shit.
He touched his shin reverently, then gripped his ankle, pulling it towards his mouth. He placed a kiss on the prominent bone there, then on the tendon connecting his foot and his leg. “I was thinking about you in the shower.”
“That’s the least of my worries. As long as you insult me, I know you’re alive, and that’s all I care about really.”
Steve had managed to overlook it, although once it came into focus, he wasn’t entirely sure how. The piece of furniture was only part of the odd ensemble, despite how massive it was. There were signs of recent polish, hastily executed judging by the streaks left behind. The brass handles were dull to say the least. In the towering sides, behind equally streaky glass, there was a large ensemble of porcelain figurines.
Tony joined them as Clint hit play on the movie. He looked around, sniffed the air like an overly curious dog, then fixated Steve with a look. “Is that caramel popcorn, Cap?” he asked, putting on a manic face.
Darcy:
The National Carnival was massive. It reminded Steve of country funfairs and Coney Island in a field. It was impossible to estimate the magnitude of it without getting to higher ground. And even with how eccentric he proved himself to be, it was a bit much to start climbing on booths to get to the old rollercoaster pillars to get an idea. At least they were out of formalwear and back into jeans and comfortable shoes. They needed it if they were going to get any fun out of the experience.
“Looks new,” he offered.
“Surprisingly difficult to get people to believe I’m me regardless of when I do it.”
Falcon’s laugh fills the comms. “Are you jealous, Cap?”
“Ouch, last names treatment! Harsh, Rogers!”
“We’ll start you off easy - should be pretty simple. All you have to do is take that monstrosity of a shirt off. And maybe burn it. And when we get home tell Sam he is a bitter disappointment.”
“Yeah, we all have,” Natasha said. “Remember the one where they tried to get your bare ass but somehow there’s a hint of ballsack? Never managed to quite forget that.”
The silence was oddly not uncomfortable. Steve ended up getting coffee for himself and Tony would occasionally open the album at a random page and smile. It was a good feeling to have done something nice for someone he cared about.
Steve found Tony sitting on the kitchen counter by the fridge. He was waiting for the coffee to be ready, idly rearranging magnets. “You okay?” Steve asked.
“Is Ben the…?”
Steve woke up unexpectedly well rested considering the few hours of sleep he had. He had coffee ready before he knocked on Natasha’s door. Gently. He was sure she could kill him through the wood.
“Guys,” Clint tried, but Tony had leaned over Steve to look Peter in the eye. On his part, the teenager was blushing furiously, as Steve had predicted he would. But given Tony’s proximity, so was he.
“All of it, Buck.”
He paused for another drink and then continued before he could think about it too much. “The Maria Stark Foundation, closely affiliated to the Avengers. Founded by one of our core members himself to ensure justice and help for the less fortunate. On a tangent – this is what happens when you don’t prewrite and rehearse these things. So, on a tangent, I recently learned about the ‘white saviour narrative’ in movies. General Ross, Sir, when you’re backing up your next candidate don’t try to use this to win votes.” There was a sharp whistle, most likely from Tony. “We’re not here as saviours, and we’re definitely not here to showcase how amazing we are as white American people. I’ll forward you my list of fu – times I messed up. Ah, this is definitely going on Tumblr. Too long didn’t read – I’m full of this young people vernacular these days, you see – we came here to create a bond between a recovering budding nation and the Western world, as flawed as it may be. And now that we got here things aren’t quite as we were told.”
“A new toy.”
“We normally celebrate on the 7th of January,” Wanda said casually.
“Like, with ballroom dancing?”
Tony spluttered, looked around widely, and got up. “Going to work now, byeeee!”
Tony’s heart is a rollercoaster, he realises. More than shrapnel threatening him at all times, it’s a manic ride full of skipping beats and rushing when Steve breathes towards him. Which is fair, he surmises, given the angles of his boyfriend’s face, the symmetry, the sweetness of his lips. “I’m fucked,” Tony tells him before hovering, hand out and ready to pick Steve up.
“I think I want you sitting on my face later,” he said when he took a moment to breathe. “We haven’t done that in a while.”
“Can we move to the bed now? I want to hold you properly,” Tony told him. Steve got up first then effortlessly picked Tony up to carry him, draping his knees over his right forearm for convenience, unable to look away from the way their mixed come rippled as they moved. “This is quickly becoming my second favourite mode of transportation,” he said with a laugh.
“What’s Tinder?”
“I’m literally a radioactive spider wonderkid!” Peter shouted back from down the corridor.
“How?”
“Not really. There’s… sometimes I sleep okay when I’m not alone. I napped while Darcy was reading in the living room and I didn’t feel as tired when I woke up. It’s most likely a coincidence. I was really drained that day –”
“How do you know it was a mall?” Steve bit his lip to stop from laughing at the petulant expression on the man’s face. “Tony? Did you break into the security footage?”
He was unsettled by what Matilda said. He opened his mouth to reply, but he didn’t get too far before their impromptu session of fortune telling was interrupted by a series of loud bangs. He stood at once, running outside where Natasha was already alert, checking their surroundings. He did his usual headcount, almost didn’t do it in fact, certain they were together. They had been for the entirety of the trip, and he relaxed for half a second before he realised that for the first time since they left New York, they were not
Darcy was unfazed. “And I’m gonna counter-argue with my vast debate skills – what?”
“I’m gonna touch this one,” Tony said quietly, lifting his hand to caress Steve’s frown. “Can I kiss you again?” he asked.
Politics was dirty, and Steve just wanted to be helpful, not to rule and not to plunder a country’s heritage. Neither did he want to hijack the locals’ efforts and use them towards his own goals. Even if Steve’s goals were simple, none of the political bullshit he was thrown in. While he understood their necessity, he was also conflicted about sending the wrong message. Restless, if he had to pick a word for his current mood.
“Perhaps you should stop drinking, ma’am.”
Tony was lazily fondling Steve’s heavy testicles now. “An answer, darling.”
“Of course! Go on, we’ll be here.” As soon as the kids were half into the box, Steve turned to Tony. “Did you seriously think there would have been a horse in the tower?”
“Oh,” Pepper sighed when Tommy Lee Jones’s name came on screen.
“Yes, I could really use a hand right now,” Vision replies, clipped tone etched with sarcasm.
“I’m not dismissing your feelings, Steve,” Tony said, grabbing his hand to hold tightly. “But I need you to know there’s nothing you can’t tell me.”
“What?”
There was a pause. “Well, no. But I’m making a conscious decision to not get her caught in this even if she thinks it’s what she wants.”
is right here, guys, hello,” the man said sarcastically.
The whole thing was arousing in a way he supposed, but these were people he would be giving coffee to the following day when their hangovers wanted to kill them. They were the people he lived with, worked with, went to die for, trusted, and cherished. And for some reason, watching them try to deepthroat wasn’t exactly touching yourself material. Especially when half of them were at various degrees of hysterics, abandoning their task altogether in favour of laughter. Darcy was… different because Darcy was putting on a show. And Steve was many things, but not made of stone.
“My god, Steve,” Tony whispered. “Show me that beautiful cock.”
“You wonderful man.” Tony’s smile was brilliant. So was the open mouthed kiss he gave Steve, cupping his face and stepping closer, almost
“Cuddles,” he states. “Cheeseburgers and cuddles.”
“Mine. You’ve been so good, Steve. You never cease to amaze me, you know?” His fingers went around Steve’s cock, still barely-there touches. “You put so much thought into everything. And you’re creative and daring.” He paused. Steve felt him move, then he felt moisture on his cock. Tony started stroking him. “You let me see you like this, you show me how to love you. You give me so much, darling. You make me so happy.” He picked up the pace a fraction.
“Just a little more,” he instructed, and Steve got up enough to allow Tony to place the pillow under his head. “Okay?”
“Loaded with vodka, just like you like them,” Clint told Natasha. He deposited the tray on the edge of the coffee table, turning to the people sitting on the sofas. “Hurry up, make some room.” Natasha groaned again, louder than before. Steve put on his best patronizing smile and pat her shoulder.
Once their dance was finished, Bucky put on a show of bending over Darcy’s hand and kissing it delicately. He offered his arm and led her to where their little group was gathered. Her fingers shot out towards Tony and she wiggled them in a silent plea for alcohol. Tony indulged her with a laugh.
Once the administrative business was out of the way, Natasha pulled her dossiers out and set to work. Tony sighed and concentrated on the diagrams on his tablet. Steve had learned the hard way not to go anywhere without some form of entertainment. Waiting when there was nothing to occupy your mind with was the absolute worst, so he pulled his little sketchbook out.
They were all holding bits of mistletoe, waving it frantically in the general space above them. It wasn’t in sync, but as close as kind of tipsy Avengers managed. They all leaned in and kissed various parts of his body they could reach. He felt a wet one on the back of his head, and just knew the loud smooching noises were Bucky’s. There was a gentle one on his temple, some on his arms, a bearded one on his forehead. He felt himself blush, and his mortification only increased when he realised Tony had his phone out and was taking pictures. The scientist’s eyes were sparkling with mirth and potential laughing tears.
Bucky shrugged. “Maybe not right now, but at least he’ll know you’re thinking about whatever it is you think you’ve done wrong. I mean, Peggy shot at you. And you couldn’t even text back then, so I’d call this an improvement.”
are not here to do politics. We stay away from that due to the nature of our jobs. We don’t run for congress and we’re not here to toss around your democracy. Have you seen my costume? I’m all for democracy. But not corruption. Not even sanctions that international forums may impose – these would only affect your people. Keep your promises and neither our support nor our friendship will be retracted. In hindsight, asking me to do this was a poorly calculated decision. Really, a statue?” he asked the prime-minister directly, leaning towards the podium involuntarily and catching himself when he realised he was doing it.
“So not in the mood,” he replied and dropped his shopping on an armchair. “How is this so difficult?”
Tony laughed. “You know, I’ve been thinking of building my own search engine.”
“Stark,” Clint started quietly, now half lying on the kitchen island, staring up into the camera. Steve knew a drama queen when he saw one. “Where. Is. the. Ice cream?”
She giggled loudly, reaching up to touch his face. The fact that he took a step back didn’t seem to deter her. “Ma’am! Oh, you’re so cute. Isn’t he, Tony?”
“Stay?” Tony asked softly.
“Classified,” Steve shrugged.
“Who?” Tony was lost for a second. “Oh! Darling, I don’t care about her. That was years ago, back when I just took over the company.” He continued trying to get to Steve’s inner thigh. Eventually, he shifted forward and bent his head. Begrudgingly, Steve moved his leg to the side, allowing access. “And don’t tell me you and Barnes never did the deed,” he threw casually, resuming the little licks that made Steve sigh contentedly.
Okay, very lost. “What are you talking about?”
Tony Stark was barefoot. Barefoot in his -
Natasha:
Steve shrugged. “You look beautiful in everything, so whatever you want, really.” Tony gave him a look he couldn’t place, somewhere between challenging and fond. “I mean it,” he reassured.
together.
“I won’t even pretend that made any sense. What do you want in return?”
“From someone who has absolutely no idea what they’re doing to someone who’s conflicted as all hell: just spend some time with her. She’s probably the second kindest person I’ve ever met.” Bruce was too polite to push. “After you, I mean. Bruce, she’d be good for you.”
The fall out from his intervention was relentless. They worked systematically, digging out more crap from his past than he ever wanted to see or remember. On the one hand, his critics kept shouting he wasn’t really Captain
Pepper joined them, taking her heels off as soon as she entered the room. Her loud gasp and happy smile told Steve he’d done a good job. “Guys, this is so pretty!” She was handed the large box of baubles they had left and she placed a couple on before turning towards them. “Okay good news and more good news, which ones do you want first?”
Tony approached him, muscles all lean and skin glistening as it dried. He kissed him sweetly, cupping his warm cheeks. “Was he being crude?”
“Do it, Tony,” Pepper ordered. “Remember I have blackmail material and I am not above using it to make you do things for me,” she said, her voice getting that singing lilt again.
“My mom used to do this when I was sick. It was very often, so she had time to figure out what kind of physical contact helped,” he explained.
“You called?” Tony’s amused voice came from behind him.
As soon as the title screen popped up, Tony groaned. “Why are we watching ‘Volcano’?”
“You’re missing some important details.” Natasha told them.
Then promptly blushed and groaned out loud, instantly regretting it when it brought attention to himself. Natasha had the audacity to laugh, and he saw the twitch of her finger as she stopped it from pointing at him rudely. “You okay there, Cap?” she asked, just in case there was anyone left unaware of his embarrassment.
“Tony, no!” Bruce seemed appalled. Bennu had moved on to the rest of the group.
“Okay… Does she want a party?”
“Remember when I had that bartending thing in Vegas? Well, there were a shit-ton of bachelorette parties and this was popular with the ladies.” He shimmied a little and promptly burst into laughter.
Tony snorted. “Well, he doesn’t have wet dreams about
“Aww,” Steve cooed and smiled at Tony. Then he dropped the act. “No, go away,” he added and shut his eyes tightly. Maybe if he ignored Tony for long enough he would give up. It was stupid of him to think that, in all honesty, given who Tony Stark was. He could feel the intense gaze on his face, but remained stoic in his quest of ignoring it. The warm breath got closer and closer until he could feel it right above his nose and mouth.
Things between Tony and him have felt…different lately. There wasn’t another way Steve could really put it. And he didn’t know what to think about it. Mostly he just ignored it, and it seemed Tony did too. At least that way it wasn’t awkward between them.
Steve settled with sitting on the couch in Tony’s living area to watch some tv. Though Steve has watched some tv since he’s been in the loop, he switched the channel to a show he hasn’t gotten around to watching yet. The tv guide doesn’t change in the loop either.
Steve rested their foreheads together, letting their bodies sway together. “Tones, I appreciate you worrying about me. I do. But I can’t talk about it,” He attempted to reason with a gentle voice. “It’s a beautiful day, and we’re at the beach. Can we just enjoy that since we’re here?”
They parked a block away, and Steve looked over to Tony. “Be careful in there, okay?”
I glance over to Steve through the windshield before I start up the car. He pinched the bridge of his nose, staying out there for a couple more seconds before he decided to join me in the car.
. He’s been stuck in a loop for over a week. The mission is always the same with the same five men, and Tony always gets hurt whether it’s something small or something major.
Steve’s flip phone was on his belt. It looked out of place with his uniform, yet somehow part of it.
Tony stared at Steve as he tried to analyze the supersoldier. “Is this about that dream you had?” Tony pondered as he leaned his elbows on his knees.
Steve rolled his eyes in response. “Is that how you put it? Because back in the day it was called poking fun at someone.”
Natasha crossed her arms and stayed standing as Rhodey took a seat next to Tony. “How long has this been going on?” She asked as the two accused were eating their breakfast in the tension.
“I see you’ve learned how to loosen up,” Tony commented with a smirk as he looked up towards Steve.
It was risky, and felt like a death wish, to even consider calling Steve. It wasn’t an emergency, but it had been almost two years since he’s heard Steve’s voice, and it was getting hard to withstand.
Steve chuckled, and it sounded relieved. “I can assume the rest of your night will be bitching about the pain to Dum-E as you work away instead of rest?” He gave Tony a knowing look, a slight smirk on Steve’s lips.
I watch him light-heartedly. “Yeah, I knew. Those are the Coca-Cola Freestyle soda machines. They’re
Tony grabbed both of Steve’s hands. “Don’t tell me you…” He couldn’t finish off his sentence, the words left in his throat and were unreachable.
That wasn’t awkward…
“You really outdid yourself, Stark,” Clint grinned as he clapped his hand on Tony’s shoulder. “I mean, renting out part of Central Park? I didn’t even know that was possible!” He laughed as he shook his head.
“W-What?” He glanced to the edge before he scrambled up to his feet and stepped away. What was he thinking? “Oh, that. I was just trying to look at the city. I’ve only ever been up this high when flying in a jet,” He lied more fluently than what he used to be able to do. He’s had practice at lying.
Steve positioned his shield between his legs on the floor of the car. Tony glanced down to where it was before he started up the car they were taking.
“Read the file next time then. I’ll see you five in the morning in the garage. Not a minute later. We have a schedule to keep up with.” And with that, Steve turned sharply and marched his way back out the door.
“That is what I intended for,” Tony pointed out with a grin. “But that’s good. Clint’s having fun too. He’s almost across the line to completely wasted.”
Steve’s expression softened as he listened to Tony before sipping his coffee. “You were talking about that person you have your eyes set on earlier, and I’m quite curious about who could have taken away Tony Stark’s breath.”
Steve looked out to the window towards the building before he unbuckled himself. “Just…follow my lead. Please. And if I can’t at the moment, watch your back. There’s five of them, remember?”
Tony pulled his knees up, resting his glass on his knee. It felt like a twenty-pound weight was resting in his other hand, but it was just the old, vintage flip phone that Steve had given him.
Tony shook his head to himself as he worked on his nanotech. “Not the time,” He mumbled to himself. He had to focus. With this suit of armor, he wouldn’t have to wait to call on his armor in need, and he would be able to form any objects with just a simple thought.
Steve just shook his head. “I’ll...I’ll tell you the other stuff later, okay?” He made himself smaller to get closer to Tony’s comforting presence. “Can we just…go lay down or something?” It almost didn’t feel real that this could be over. And Steve definitely wasn’t going to get his hopes up incase something was still up Loki’s sleeve.
“Explain something else to me?” Steve pleaded with sweet eyes directed at Tony. “You’re so captivating.” Tony was Steve’s anchor for reality.
Tony patted Steve on the shoulder, leaving his hand there after instead of taking it away. “Let’s go then.”
Steve just about frantically knocked on Tony’s door to his suit. He had to remain calm. He was Captian America.
Tony flipped through the pictures with a grin. “Oh, these are
“Since our guy is trying to create AI’s, I figured that would be your specialty,” Steve began to say, but I had to interrupt.
“About all those days you wallowed in self-pity—”
Steve let out a breathy laugh. “I’m not one to act. And I could be asking you to act more in shape like me,” He lightly jabbed back to his friend.
“Yeah, just hold on,” I reply as I lay my suit down on the bed neatly. It was one of my more favorite ones.  I probably shouldn’t be bringing it with me on a mission, but who knows what could come up? Maybe I will need to
