Michael looks back to me.
All of the survivors we executed those last two days had been abominations. But these ones are Humans, without question.
"Good things do happen, Dean."
"Alright, sweet Mary," he says bluntly as he reaches her. "Let me lay it out for you."
A scalding hot memory radiating with pain emerges from the deepest part of his soul, and I seize it immediately. This is what I was looking for.
They have to be somewhere off-limits to me, or in one of the billions of human Paradises - without any indication, I will never, ever find them.
"Sounds like a plan," Benny snarls. "Let's roll."
Uriel drags his hand over his face, wings tensing behind his back. "Great. He's annoying me already."
"How are the demons killing Angels?" I demand coldly, lowering my eyes into his.
My Grace is shuddering with delight and excitement. I have not spoken directly to a Human since Adam and Eve. And now that I have seen through his memories the most significant events of his life, I understand what makes the righteous man so special, worthy of saving Humanity.
"I'm so sorry, Zachariah! I tried to stop him but he wouldn't hear it!"
I whisper softly to wake him up, focusing my voice solely into his room.
I fold my wings and step down to meet him, barely holding back a smile - in these days of failures and betrayals, the righteous man's newfound Faith is definitely welcomed, a victory of mine.
Silence falls again, and only once we're surrounded by the park's vegetation wilted by the winter cold, do I speak again.
The righteous man's supplication fades away as I fly up. Flying through Hell and out of it had taken us a few minutes in our original form, but our human vessel allows us to travel at great speeds.
A fist, thrown with supernatural strength, hits me in the face with a loud crash, but it still doesn't make me flinch or even blink. I slowly turn my head to face the demon who's staring at his broken wrist in disbelief, and in one fluid gesture, I thrust my blade into his chest.
"I understand," I nod at him. "We will make sure to clothe them from now on."
I halt just in front of the table, hesitant for a moment. What I am about to do is strictly forbidden without proper authorization from the hierarchy.
"Well, we put those spirits back to rest."
I quietly announce to the entire Garrison.
"Here is your chance to prove your loyalty and cancel your punishment. You will have to work on your own, I need to go negotiate with Death. Call the Garrison if anything happens to stop you from completing your task."
"Indeed, we really needed new jokes," nods Rzionr Nrzfm. "We've been laughing about the goat for at least three or four millennia. It was time to move on!"
"Castiel and Camael never once stepped inside the library. Azazel, on the other hand, frequented it regularly. He was only a second rank Cherub and was always so considerate, witty and pleasant. Unlike all those uncultured soldiers, he was erudite and wanted to know about everything. We did not suspect a thing and after a few hundred years we stopped keeping an eye on him when he did his researches…"
"For the truth. Now you know everything we do."
"Choosing your own course of action," she says, moving closer, " is confusing... terrifying."
By my side, Balthazar keeps talking and moving his hands around excitedly.
Pmox jumps up to Zedekiel, spreading and folding his wings excitedly.
Baradiel gives me a sideways glance, and after a few millennia working with him, I believe I know him well enough to tell there's something on his mind that he doesn't know how to say.
I glance down on the hand touching my shoulder, trying very hard not to shove it away.
I fold my wings while Dean sighs loudly, rolling his eyes, and walk to a bench next to his to sit down too. From the corner of my eye, I see him gazing at the activity in the park. His face relaxes and fills with serenity. I look at the fallen leaves on the ground, listening to the birds chirping above us, the trees rustling and children's voices playing in the distance. This gentle late autumn atmosphere reminds me of my favorite Paradise. But the doubts weighing on my Grace and thoughts about the broken seal keep me from fully enjoying this beautiful scenery.
"There is no way to bring him back from the dead, it's true. However, you have to make the Humans believe it is possible."
At the sound of my voice, the screams become even louder, and I remember that ordinary Humans can’t see me or hear my voice without dying or being severely hurt. They are now writhing in pain, their hands clasped on their ears.
There's only one thing I know for sure. No matter how vile and treacherous they are, I want to save my family, and I want to spare Dean Winchester any additional suffering.
I nod at the young Angel dressed in red and white. He seems nervous, judging by the unsteady way he looks up at me. Although shaded by his cap's visor, his eyes betray how worried he actually is.
"Come in."
But orders are orders, and the few minutes we're buying might be decisive in the Archangel's overall strategy.
Before I can say anything, a bunch of my soldiers appear in a concert of flapping wings. Zedekiel casts a nervous glance at me, surrounded by Rachel, Htmorda and Virgil. Soon the meeting room is filled with hushed complaints as my soldiers bump into each other and squabble over the last few vacant seats. Over a hundred Angels are left standing in the confined space around the oval table. There are not enough seats or space, but I don't care if they are uncomfortable.
I have given orders to kill as a priority the demons on the sidelines chanting their evil spells. Uriel is enjoying himself, blasting away and burning to ashes hundreds of demons with each one of his mighty blows.
"Why would have I done that? Your righteous man has to be of some use to us. He's been nothing but trouble since we raised him from Hell. But feel free to go and convince them, if that's what you want. On probation or not, you're still the true General, after all."
matters, he died because of it."
"Oh, don't be like that, c'mon... This should all be about having fun! Why not play some music in the background to brighten up the mood? I really enjoyed chopping Dean up to the bone while I was singing, you know. It warmed my heart and made my work so much more pleasurable. For thirty years, I sang Cheek to Cheek to him, every day. I started humming before I touched him, even before I walked up to him, and he was already shaking all over. It was so lovely to watch him dreading what new torment I was going to put him through. Peel him down to the bone strip by strip? Stab some razor blades into his gums? Or I would be in the mood for some sweet, sweet raping? And when he was expecting the worst, I enjoyed sitting there and just talking, leaving him to fear the moment when I would finally start. That subtle touch of finesse and psychology, that's what you're lacking."
He chokes in outrage.
I get up slowly, my wings clenching. I'm starting to see what my role is in this mission.
I glance down at her hand as it slides up my arm and grips my shoulder, then at her true face showing through - her three pale grey eyes are as bright as the sky after a thunderstorm.
The stormy sea is swaying the boat around, massive waves crashing against the shell and washing down on the deck. Our vessels are unaffected by heat or cold, just sending us the information we need.
Three new soldiers (Pmox, Baradiel, Rzionr Nrzfm) joined the Garrison. Camael is reborn as Jesus to bring Faith to the Humans. When the news spreads that his Grace has been destroyed and that he will die as a Human, many Angels rebel and are sent to rehabilitation.
"I will try to get a confession out of him while you try to convince them."
"No we can’t. Not only would it offend the Sisters of Fate, but Abel isn’t qualified to be an efficient vessel. His soul is too fragile. His destiny was to be a victim so Cain could get stronger, nothing more. Why do you think he was even born when the only one we really needed was Cain? It’s always been Cain. His blood. His offspring."
She lowers her head, her wings dropping as a sign of submission. Silence falls in the warped room as I assign seals to my soldiers.
The seal may have been saved, but the loss of so many innocents in the process makes the victory taste bitter. I walk over to the soulmates and come to a halt in front of them. Samandriel and Harry release them, and they fall to their knees at my feet, shaking and sobbing uncontrollably. Their faces are bruised, veins ruptured under the skin adding purplish colors. They are covered with sticky blood and open wounds.
"Castiel..."
himself, and ordered me not to interfere.
Htmorda shoves Rachel out of the group.
I stare in shock as he stretches a wing to brush against my shoulder with the tip of his feathers.
"Cain has stopped being human since his parents died. The Mother of All made him her creature."
Anael gives him a skeptical look out of the corner of his eye, but carries on:
to Camael?
Naked as the day she was born, young Eve is drawing rudimentary art in the loose soil with the tip of a stick. A few steps away, brown hair all tangled up, Adam is scurrying after a bright-colored butterfly. I watch them from a distance. We don't need to hide ourselves from their eyes. They have been seeing us without fear since the day they were born, with some kind of naive curiosity. It is known that Humans can't see or hear us without breaking, but these two are the exception.
I lay my other hand on top of his, watching with growing curiosity his altered features, neither human nor demonic, and his expressions, which never cease to shift between surprise, respect, hatred and ferocity. I guess his appearance would be much more hideous and warped if he were still drinking demon blood.
After he refused to threaten Dean, Castiel was downgraded and is on probation. Uriel is in command in the meantime. Together, they find Anna and try to kill her, but she escapes and retrieves her Grace. Castiel makes Dean torture Alastair, but the demon breaks free of the devil trap. Dean and Castiel are saved by Sam who effortlessly kills Alastair. Castiel gets suspicious of Uriel who turns out to be the traitor when Castiel confronts him. To protect Castiel, Anna kills Uriel, but still Castiel won’t join her now that he has found his Faith back.
"Interrogate him anyway. Just in case."
We disappear in a flap of our wings.
So Uriel was right. Anna did engage in breeding organic rituals. This is the reason why she left us to our fate, to the Apocalypse and to the schemes of the hierarchy!
My brother chuckles, patting me on the head with his wing.
This chapter still takes place in
"Cain's heart is heavy with sorrow and he is trying to redeem himself for murdering his brother by helping anyone he comes across with. He did meet a few women but never tried to copulate with them. He doesn't want to make his case worse by succumbing to the temptation of the flesh."
"In his defense, Castiel disposes of a small army, and there's only so much he can do. Accusing him of bringing on the Apocalypse the way
Rachel bravely struggles to stand on his feet while the other Angels obey and fly away. He is leaning on me, which leaves me no other choice but to remain here instead of going back to my mission as ordered.
of different species to bring back. Removing two soldiers from our division when there is so much work to do, it's really..."
He even has the nerve to wink at me.
"This is getting ridiculous," Htmorda says grumpily. "Humans interrupting a meeting in Heaven... Well, we've seen it all!"
"You took my sons from me..." Eve murmurs. She’s talking to us like she used to. But this is not a prayer. She snaps her face up to the sky, her gaze sharpening right at me. I know she cannot see me, though. Rain and tears are streaming down her face, and her soaking wet hair is slithering on her neck and shoulders like dark honey.
They’re dragging themselves on the ground, learning how to breathe and move around in an environment that is not made for them. Does that steady determination bordering on stubbornness appeal to our Father?
Around us, a dozen Angels arrive all at once and quietly start whispering to each other, pointing at Jesus. A few seconds later, they have already left, replaced by a new batch of curious Angels.
"I... don't understand."
I ignore Zedekiel's voice that just echoed through my head. I'm on a priority mission. This is not the time. I have the righteous man's full attention and I can finally tell him about his role in this war.
"Just taking a stroll around. The late autumn breeze is quite pleasant, and you’re missing out by staying here. There are a lot of things currently happening on Earth and in Heaven. Did you know they’re forging weapons and holy trinkets in the firmament as we speak?"
"The hairless ape is trying to breed with the goat’s mouth!" Uriel cackles, absolutely delighted.
"Hold on a minute. Are you saying that... that
"Why are you all so fixated on Castiel?" Ophaniel argues adamantly. "Uriel was there with him every time, and I can't see anyone charging him with such serious accusations!"
"Orders are orders," I reply blankly as I rise to my feet. "Is that all?"
Then, he continues more calmly.
A dignified and alert look hiding behind resigned dread. The eyes of a General who knows exactly what lies ahead.
What is Uriel doing? Did he even hear me calling?
"So it is true!" Rachel exclaims in a horrified tone.
Indeed, Hester does need my supervision.
Jimmy finished his coffee and dropped the cup in the sink. I crouch down and quietly whisper my voice into the closest electronic device to him.
Rachel stands up eagerly and starts drawing glowing symbols and plans in the air with his Grace, submitting his detailed plan. I am watching, standing still and unblinking, but my mind is away.
"You should go and explain to him again what he's doing here," she says, arching a blond eyebrow.
. So let's compromise: I suggest that my soldiers choose one single location by area where they will proceed to the resurrections. Preferably a place without trees around."
But this isn't my most pressing concern. They were only a hundred soldiers from my Garrison... About half of them. Where are the others?
"Really? And why not?"
Searching for any aura other than my own, I look up and scrutinize the imaginary landscape - any Angel connected to the Axis Mundi could be listening and I can't risk taking too long or revealing my plan.
No one equals Uriel when it comes to brute strength. He is unquestionably my Garrison's greatest asset. But Uriel is slow, and I was aware that unless I restrained Anna, he would never be able to strike her.
Every single one of them.
I turn to Anael, like my brothers in arms, waiting for orders. When our General realizes that every soldier in the Garrison is staring at him expectantly, he squares his shoulders but remains silent.
Raphael lets her question unanswered.
More names of our brothers from other divisions follow relentlessly. This is a massacre. We are losing this war. But we will fight to the last. Orders are orders.
?" he exclaims, clearly losing patience. "What, is there something nasty after my dad?"
Since the last events occurred, I went back to watch over the other Humans who have moved on and forgotten all about Adam and Eve’s very existence. I made sure of it. I have been informed that their parents looking for them everywhere was an inconvenience.
I immediately raise my bloodied hand in the air, blasting out a wave of pure energy from deep within my Grace. Flooded with light, the room trembles and instantly stops swaying, and it gets pitch black. I stand up and let my blade return to my Grace, scanning the battlefield with a critical eye.
I have to stay and complete my mission. I could wake Dean right now, but... I need a moment of silence and reflection in this time of war. My Grace is drained out.
Adam and Eve might have lost Father’s favor, but their children have not. Without talking to them Himself, God sends His Archangels to test their faith and love. Are Humans truly able to love the Lord if they have never seen Him? Could Cain and Abel make up for their parents’ sin?
"Get some
I keep my head up, snapping my wings open as menacingly as I can.
"Camael was..."
As I move closer, I can see more clearly the human body Pmox used to possess, lying here at my feet. And he is not alone. Down on his knees with his head lowered, Miz has his arms wrapped around him, cradling Pmox's head against his chest. He's not moving either, and it doesn't take me long to realize that he is also dead. His wings have burned directly onto Pmox's body, scorching through his clothes like a hot iron.
like you!"
Ignoring him the best I can, I take a step forward and start slicing open his abdomen, cutting through the flesh and up to his chest in a smooth and clean gesture. Dark blood gushes out of the gaping wound, spewing gooey bowels hanging down and sliding on the ground with a wet slap.
Siosp walks to our general with a desperate look in his dark eyes.
Why is he grabbing his firearm, though?
"Your Humans are coming. Htmorda is with them. Stop dwelling on the past and get ready to play your part in this pretense."
," I hiss. "What we all should have done a long time ago. Open your eyes, Hester! The hierarchy is corrupt and uses us to trigger an Apocalypse that will end Humanity and ruin the Earth!"
Anael gives me a weird look and stays silent for a while.
Why should I obey a Father who seeks to destroy my only purpose in life, His greatest creation? If I manage to completely and permanently hide the Winchester brothers... there will be no Apocalypse and Humanity will be saved. Sam is the only one who can break the final seal, and without him and Dean, the Archangels can never have their fight.
"...is another Angel," he murmurs sorrowfully, with a hint of threat in his voice.
A strain on my Grace. I can feel it thickening and congealing in my vessel, as my wings spread and become rigid in my back. A familiar sensation reminiscent of Azazel's drawling voice, of Camael's golden eyes so full of rage...
"Why would you stock or throw away a weapon when you could just use it? So Lucifer wants to make his way into Cain’s body? Then go ahead and get there first."
"That’s true." Virgil stares us down coldly. "Or it would be if it
His Grace is flowing freely and looks perfectly neutral.
It’s Sam Winchester’s.
I don't know how to react or answer to my sister's fierce gaze. My silence doesn't seem to come as a surprise to her, and she smiles at me as she withdraws her hand. Over her shoulder, I can see Dean walking out of the bar after his father and Levanael follows my gaze.
I do?
"Castiel. Step forward."
"You are certainly aware that I'm in charge of batrachians and that I have mastered the ability to see and hear through the ones I have created myself."
The look in Michael’s eyes shifts into something truly
I look down, struggling for the right words. Dean is Human, he is not bound by our laws: he is allowed to utter such atrocities with no fear for consequences. I could read in his soul a dreadful lack of Faith, and Faith is what drives my entire existence and gives it meaning. How could I possibly explain what is inherently acquired, what is natural to me?
I can hear the low humming of my brothers exchanging whispers behind me. Anael's presence at my side fills me with confidence. I trust Heaven's justice and God, but knowing that the Garrison believes me is a huge relief.
He opens a door on the left, leading us into a room just as bright, white and cold. The only difference with the corridor is that the desk is littered with parchments, tablets and other items.
A rustling of feathers interrupts our work, and we turn around to face Samandriel, the Angel of Fertility, who just made a smooth landing. There's a gleam of joy in his green eyes infused with silver flakes.
it hurts to watch.
The Holy Rosary Church's artificial light is replaced by daylight when we step out. There is a blue sky striped with white clouds above Baltimore. Sister Abigail is shivering in the winter wind heavy with iodine, and wraps herself in a warm, thick coat. Walking around the cars parked in front of the church's pale stone facade, we cross the empty street to follow her from a good distance. I already know where she is heading. Like every day, she's going for a walk in Patterson Park, then she will attend charity events before going home to drink tea and read psalms.
"Exactly," I say. "That’s why we need to find her before they do. Dismissed!"
We already brought back to life every priority Human on our area, and moved north. The plants division has obviously been working around here. Ashes gave way to green meadows, and leafy trees are thriving in the fresh spring air. Souls are swarming here: there used to be a large city in Zedekiel's sector.
Why am I telling him this? My thoughts are slipping away and coming to life against my will, like I've held them inside for too long.
The Garrison’s mission is to observe and obey. Nothing more.
"That’s right," says Balthazar. "Early bird gets the worm, late bird gets what's left!"
"Dean is in the hospital right now. He's been badly injured by Alastair. Is this really the right time to reveal to him his purpose in this world, and the fate that awaits him and his brother?"
I feel myself being violently hurled away, and all goes black.
Something is off. Cas looks panicked like a trapped animal, unstable. Maybe he's still insane? Did he even hear all my prayers? Why doesn't he explain why he disappeared?
Two thousand years after Jesus died, Gabriel disappeared and celestial interventions on Earth came to an end, Anna rebels by trying to kill Azazel, and manages to escape from her own soldiers sent to kill her by ripping off her own Grace. Appointed to replace her at the head of the Garrison, Castiel is shocked by the hierarchy's contempt. Determined to restore his army's reputation, he becomes bossy and distant with his soldiers...
I rip my hand from hers with open revulsion.
and not brothers or Angels. They are similar in appearance to us, but their Grace is dark, their body covered in sigils and some kind of scriptures, their shapes are sharper and chiseled, and there are no feathers on their membranous wings. Also, they have seven eyes instead of three like we do.
"And this absolute bliss, this harmony in the Creation, we will owe it to you, Castiel. You met all our expectations. You've been an outstanding agent of Destiny by hastening the events that would bring the Apocalypse. If it weren't for the hint you gave Dean, Lilith would have sealed her pact with Sam to save the Earth from the Apocalypse. And all would have been lost. Lucifer would have remained in his Cage forever."
I am the Guardian of the Winchesters, and no matter what I do, no matter what I wish for, I will be unable to save them from their fate. Even if I were to disobey now to alert Sam, it would be pointless. I would be executed and my sacrifice would have been in vain, except to make the situation worse. Sam would be coerced in ways perhaps even harsher, or his memory could simply be wiped clean. Nothing can ever save Dean and Sam from Fate and God's plans.
Starting a fight here and now would waste precious time and not only give Anna the opportunity to escape us once again, but also endanger the perfect vessels for Michael and Lucifer. Our mission is to execute Anna, not to go around battling common demons. We don't have time for this nonsense.
"Clotho, Lachesis, Atropos, let’s hear your testimony."
It took me thousands of years before I even dared to voice my doubts out loud, and only to a Human who wouldn't find my crime to be disgusting. And to Anna, who has herself fallen so utterly into disgrace that our entire Family speaks of her with revulsion. I would never have ventured to reveal my doubts to an Angel who walks in line. I could never tell Rachel, Htmorda, or Zedekiel that I am harboring inclinations to disobey.
Down at my feet, Jesus is rising to his feet and following his parents out of the Temple just when the whispers shift into loud cries of protest.
Luckily, it only takes me thirty seconds to find the book and I carefully pick it up. I flip through the pages to make sure it does contain the forbidden seals I am looking for. The last page details a strictly forbidden seal designed to remove a human soul's existence from all senses and perception of Angels and demons - this is possibly the one Camael used on Cain. The seal is so sophisticated, I should study it later, once I've alerted Sam and Dean. I close the book and tuck it under my arm, flying out of the library.
I am standing on the water, ripples gently lapping against my feet without getting them wet. With a flutter of her wings, Rachel lands next to me in a brand new vessel - a pale blonde woman pinching her lips.
," I insist, "were not to stop the summoning of Samhain, they were to do whatever you told us to do."
"Oh. That explains it," Balthazar says like he just had an epiphany.
On my left, Uriel is standing still as a statue.
Will this constant urge to blame or glorify God for trivial things never cease?
This isn’t how I imagined Gabriel would be. He is not like Raphael. More dramatic, more lively.
I have to accept this. Once again, a human city will be wiped out to remove a threat. But this time, the order will come from me, and I will bear the burden of guilt like never before. All Uriel is waiting for is my approval to unleash his destructive power.
" Hester hisses at me.
Uriel nods, closing his hand on the shining orb.
"Well that's a bother. But you see, I'm not part of the Garrison… so guess what?" With a flick of his claws, he sends a soul flying away. "… I don't give a flying fuck!"
Miz blankly stares down at Jesus' disciples scattering in complete disarray.
"Levanael? What are you doing here?"
Her blue eyes are filled with ice-cold rage. Her soul is still as pure and bright as the day she was born, but tormented. I see despair. Hatred. And one last glimmer of hope… one last single hope that we will bring back her children to her. A silent supplication.
He points at the Enochian sigils.
None other than the Angel of Joy could have achieved such a feat. Rebellion aside, he has always favored kindness over strength.
A cloud starts to glow and I swerve to the left, making a narrow escape from the sudden blast of a lightning blot slashing through the air just where I should have been.
"We need to resurrect Jesus. To prove that he is indeed the Son of God."
The growing fame of Jesus has stirred up many grudges and envy in the hearts of men, and there are many who want him dead. But until now his enemies have never been in a position to harm him: either because they did not know where he was or what he looked like, or because they did not dare to attack him in public before his hundreds of faithful disciples.
I look down again at the line of Humans, goats, mules loaded with bales, and oxen pulling carts carrying pregnant women and infants.
But I have no idea myself.
I can't help."
"Purgatory has an escape hatch, but I got no idea if it's angel-friendly."
"How did it happen?"
I look down at the black fabric of the pants covering my knees and the beige cloth of the coat laying on top.
"Oh really?"
I close my eyes, clenching my teeth to swallow back a surge of bitterness. The touch of my sister's warm hand on my shoulder grows steadier.
I shut my eyes for a moment, praying, pleading to my Father. This war has already caused too many unnecessary sacrifices. All I can do is hope that the righteous man won't make me give the order to destroy this city. I have no desire to add the lives of these innocent people to my list of regrets and orders that I have reluctantly obeyed.
, and you know as well as any of us that the Lord works in mysterious ways."
I frown, digging my hands into my coat pockets and sharing an intense look with my sister - I don't know if I can call her that anymore. No Angel in this room is worthy of it. I have no brothers and sisters. I no longer have a family.
The ground is cold and hard against my back and my skull, and I can barely move my fingers as my frozen Grace is just starting to fluidify. I can see out of the corner of my eye the demon attacking Sam and Dean, and I clench my teeth, focusing all my energy in my vessel's muscles. I am the righteous Man's Guardian, in charge of protecting the vessels of the Archangels... it is my duty to protect them!
"All I know is that it will be of the greatest importance. Which brings me to the bad news. He is spared execution and rehabilitation, but for this mission, and also as punishment for his crimes, Camael will have his Grace ripped away. Which means that he will be born and walk the earth among Humans as one of them.
I answered out of habit - trained as I am to obey Anna's orders since the first day of my existence. She turns her back to me and gazes around, her wings folded behind her back. Trusting.
The distant way my brothers are looking at me all of a sudden is hard to stand. I feel like I'm betraying millions of years of mutual understanding. They're now looking at me as an outsider. Almost a traitor.
Abel is alone for the rest of eternity, neither his parents nor his brother will ever be able to join him. Eve has become one with the Mother of Monsters, Adam has been wiped out of existence, and Cain is doomed to wander the earth forever. Even if he managed to die at some point, he would go straight to Purgatory and not to Heaven. As for these mountains, this house, this wheat field swaying in the wind… the Apocalypse and the Flood have destroyed this landscape on Earth a long time ago.
For a brief moment, I understand what Anna meant, almost two thousand years earlier, when she spoke to me as we watched Camael's lifeless body. Ephra is gone, but all I can feel is some distant, detached sadness. As a General, my brother's death represents a hindrance to my Mission more than a tragedy. The imminent Apocalypse, everything that's expected of my position and getting the Garrison to be accepted in Heaven is far more important to me than his death in itself.
And then, for the very first time, I speak to the mortals I have been watching evolve since the beginning.
"Let's get started with the basics, shall we?"
And if I were to denounce them, they would undoubtedly be sent to rehabilitation or even executed, and I simply can't stand to have any more of my brothers die because of me.
And just like that, the Archangel flies off, he powerful blast of air blowing ashes from the ground miles around, and tackling down every Human we brought back to life these last days. I am quick to spread my wings and propel myself high to the sky above. I rush straight to the skyline, flying as fast as I can to not lose sight of the Archangel’s mighty winged figure. Wind is whistling between my feathers as I slice through the air. Hester is under my supervision and I shouldn’t leave him on his own, but an order from an Archangel trumps an order from the General. No question asked.
Anna is still staring at us unblinkingly, a wistful look growing in her eyes.
, Cain."
"Castiel is right, we can do better," Rachel says.
His eyes harden and he nods determinedly just like I gave him a highly important mission. He takes his hands away from my face to let me work and looks down, eyebrows raised with curiosity. I pull his elastic and reach for his hard cock, wrapping my fingers around it. The skin's hot against my fingers, and sticky, too. It feels weird and I stare at the engorged shaft in my hand – the shape is a bit different from mine, thicker at the top, and there's bushy dark hair on his groin.Yeah, that feels weird. I guess that's 'cause it's the first time I ever touch another dick but mine, thing I never planned to do. I lower my hand to pull down the foreskin and reveal the flushed head of his dick. A drop of precum's already starting to pearl on top. The smell isn't pleasant, that's the least I can say. But that's what happens when you wear the same clothes and can't take a shower for a year. That's not gonna put me off. I don't exactly smell like a rose myself.
So this is an unusual behavior to be reported. One more.
Now everyone is looking at Camael. He’s standing straight like a fierce soldier, his golden eyes staring into the distance. Only then do I realize how much Camael has changed in the last few years. The Angel of Joy’s Grace looks nothing like its past cheerful, fizzing self. His eyes are inexpressive.
He slowly looks back to me, looking dead serious.
For the very first time in my existence, I am giving a choice that I myself have never been given. Even if it's just an illusion, free will is a beautiful idea of my Father that I wish to honor. Even if only once. I want to do for these two what I can't do for Dean.
Left alone in the garden, Judas breaks down in tears in the shade of the olive trees. Thirty silver coins fall from his hand, spilling on the ground with an ominous tinkling.
"Sam's not looking for you."
"There's a mass rebellion in Heaven. Quite a mess up there."
"And you don't care that he's tearing up the future looking for me right now?"
I turn my head to look at Ephra, but Anael cuts me short before I have a chance to answer: "Not another word about Camael from now on. His name is to be banned from all of your conversations while waiting for his punishment."
"Soldiers. I thought I had banned this type of gathering that distracts you from your mission. I need you to be on your guard at all times, ready to obey orders within a second. And once again, Miz, you're the one to blame."
"Right, cause you’re bigger picture kind of guys."
"What do you mean?"
"What kind of advantage?" Raphael asks, folding his hands.
. Destiny and the natural order would never allow it.
Should I treat Dean's discomfort to bring him some relief? I reconsider when I spot, out of the corner of my eye, Uriel staring at me impatiently from the back of the room.
"Well, you're a regular Chatty Cathy. Tell me something. Sam would have wanted in on this, why not bring him back?"
"I'm not an expert in feelings," drawls Rgoan, smirking, "but I'm pretty sure he's displaying feelings here."
"I often forget that you soldiers of the Garrison are so young and have been kept away for a long time, stationed on Earth to watch over the Humans… There are so many things you don't know…"
"Oh, cut the pity party!" Rzionr Nrzfm snaps. "There's no point fussing over who betrayed who and why, our orders are to catch the rebel, not to have a chat with him! Should I just go ahead and fetch some tea and biscuits?"
He manages to set me free and I whirl around. My brother just stabbed the creature with his blade, but it doesn’t seem to be effective. The oozing monster looks unharmed. Riemu suddenly disappears from my sight when two creatures bring him down, and before I have any chance of helping him, five more attack me at the same time.
"Of course we will obey. But that doesn't mean we should enjoy it."
" he snarls through his teeth, raising his fist again.
"The bloody way," I dodge. "You feeling okay ?"
The same solid gold columns, towering and melting into the overflowing light. Wings folded behind my back, I look down in fear to the ring of fire surrounding me. Its fiery reflection in the marble floor doesn't match the flickering rhythm of the flames - as though it's dissociated from their time course - and sometimes it even fades out altogether. My own reflection only emerges sporadically, displaying a faceless, light-fracked version of my vessel. There are countless shadows slithering all around on the ground, but so fleetingly that I can't get a good look at them, they remain lurking at the edge of my eyesight.
Emotions I can barely identify are darkening the righteous man's eyes. He averts his gaze and the reaction I had hoped for doesn't come. No words come out of his mouth. Is he balancing the pros and cons and considering destroying this town?
dragging out his task because he's enjoying taking revenge on his former tormentor?
"It does look like what we’re looking for," I cut in a neutral voice.
Everything is suddenly clear as I look down again at my reflection.
The Archangel does seem serene, almost compassionate.
"Thank you, Rachel."
They can’t blame this on me. I did not disobey, so I have nothing to fear. I never betrayed the mission God gave me, and I’ve always followed orders to the letter. I am a loyal soldier. A good son.
"How much longer is this bullshit going to last? We've got work to do!" groans Rzionr Nrzfm with an irritated gesture.
Along with a flutter of wings, Htmorda's deep voice covers the music as he walks into sight, looking at the bar with narrow black eyes. Curly and thick on his squared face, his beard cannot hide the metal rings piercing his lip, nose and ears. The chain dangling from his belt makes a clicking sound with each heavy step. Next to him appear Uriel, then Zedekiel who brushes back a blonde lock of hair behind his ear.
Camael was not willing to take the risk, he has never been very skilled in seals and spells. I am. I've always excelled in mastering seals. Jimmy Novak's life will be enough to achieve my goal.
I frown as I look at the painting too.
"I have already sent Hester and Virgil to tell the chosen people that in order to be spared, they need to mark the door of their house with the blood of a lamb. Don't ask me why, it is destiny, it is not to be questioned," says Anna with an annoyed twitch of her wings.
One of the demons is Alastair, the King of Hell, the one who tortured Dean, and the one who will help me stop the Garrison soldiers from being killed and possibly even stop the Apocalypse. He is possessing a large and rather old man with white hair, and there is a grin twisting up the corners of his lips.
And it's the following day at last, early in the afternoon, that we spot Cas on our shore. He's crouching down facing the river and I can't see his face, but I'd recognize that trench-coat – even sullied – and that silhouette anywhere. I walk faster and shout his name for fear of seeing him disappear on me like he's used to.
And like the first time, the righteous man winces and covers his ears, which is quite annoying. How am I supposed to be heard if he keeps covering his ears every time I try to talk to him?
Anael heaves an irritated sigh.
"And I expect you to behave with dignity, and obey without question! I won't allow any of you to be stupid enough to rebel and get killed: that's the last thing the Garrison needs!"
- in the adjacent room tear me from my silent plea, and I turn my head to look at the door, dark rage surging through me.
"Thank you."
Is he trying to...?
Her eyes are blazing as she stares us down.
Unharmed, Adam and Eve are stepping back, holding hands and looking frightened.
Deep inside, I don’t really feel the confidence that can be heard in my voice.
Time to delegate.
I reach out and swiftly plant my two fingers on both brothers' foreheads as I spread my wings.
"Oh really? And how exactly is any of this my problem? Do I look like I can pop you one of these on the spot? I can't believe it, it's like everyone assumes I have the answer to everything, and they keep showing up in my office all day long with puppy eyes!"
Michael pushes himself from Raphael’s arms, trying to regain his strength, and turns to face the Angels.
INSULT MY GENERAL AGAIN!"
He tightens his hold on my neck, fracturing the cartilage and obstructing the windpipe - I am unable to use my voice to chant some useless exorcism. I try to struggle, but fail to gain control of my broken vessel with my aching Grace. Everything seems to slow down, and I only manage to stir my wings weakly, helpless in the demon's grip.
"Cas…"
Zedekiel squints, tightening his grip. The demon stops cackling and chokes, then his body starts flickering before turning to ashes in seconds.
an example for us to follow. We will serve God until the end of times, because we believe in Him, not to beg for crumbs of the attention He gives to Humans. Faith is about believing unconditionally. Devotion requires obedience without expecting anything in return."
Finding out in the schedule boards that my meeting room was occupied was hardly a surprise to me. I remember Anna mentioning on several occasions that some division heads, and specifically Brap, were trying to anger her in similar ways. Never mind. I don’t need this room. Between the Apocalypse and my soldiers dying, I have bigger things on my plate and won't allow myself to be distracted by this childish nonsense.
Let's leave aside the part about the Reapers choosing their own names, that's not what I'm really interested about. A missing Reaper is a sign I've been expecting since the Garrison came back from Hell. One of the 666 seals requires the ritual sacrifice of two Reapers at the winter solstice.
"You sure about Ruby? 'Cause I think it's just as likely she used us to find radio girl and then brought that demon in to kill us."
My brethren promptly do as Anna commanded and disappear. Down on the ground, the executioner has stopped his whipping, but now the guards are mocking my brother, dressing him in a scarlet cloak.
"We haven't had anything to do since that goddamn siren," he mumbles with a full mouth. "I'm getting tired of just sitting around while you browse the net all day long. I need some action."
I look down wearily at my hands. I wish I, too, could blindly rely on someone higher up, just as I had always followed Anna. But ever since I was promoted to the head of the Garrison, nothing is that simple anymore. The choice I need to make is throwing me into confusion, digging a dreadful pit inside of me. What am I supposed to do? If only there was someone to show me the way...
"Well. Castiel. Try to avoid this kind of question from now on, bro."
There are no words for this in human language.
I'm torn between my duty as a Guardian and my duty as a General. I wish I could protect Dean, but orders are orders, and I desperately want to prevent any more of my brothers and sisters from being slayed. I wish that none of my soldiers had died, and I still hold hope that I can stop the Apocalypse.
"That's the way Humans are," she replies in a singularly soft voice. "Their Faith is fragile and craving evidence."
The righteous man was so close to finding Faith, and now... since orders forbid me to help him and I'm under watch, the miraculous development is smashed before my eyes.
"And will I be rewarded in
After he refused to resort to threats on Dean, Castiel was temporarily downgraded and is on probation. Uriel is in command in the meantime, and has taken Castiel to Anna to execute her, but she managed to escape after getting her Grace back. Castiel captured Alastair, who won't talk under torture. On the orders of the Council, Castiel forces Dean to use his torture skills, even though he has doubts and sympathy for him. Alastair frees himself and attacks Dean, and Sam arrives just in time to use his powers and kill the demon. Before he died, Alastair claimed that demons were not responsible for the Angels' deaths. Castiel is filled with doubts and wonders if this is not all God's doing.
Uriel is avoiding my gaze and the way he replies is a little too casual to be convincing.
"I don't need to. You already lost, Castiel. You lost the very second you stole this book."
What if Baradiel was right after all? Could this be God's punishment for all my failures? Is it because I took Anna's place only to do worse than her?
"You call that a
No matter whether he breaks or not, Dean Winchester is our best weapon, our only hope, and we must save him from Hell. At all costs.
"Ready to take the plunge?" says Balthazar. "Remember what I told everyone else: focus on the blood flowing in his veins and
He holds my gaze enigmatically and winks at me.
I feel dizzy. I stagger, moving my foot to find my balance back. Which makes me unintentionally crush to the ground a few dozens Humans.
"Too many analogies, perhaps?" says Zedekiel, tilting his head to the side. "These stories about birds and wild lilies are a tad too cryptic. And how could he promise the pure of heart that they'll see God! Everyone knows that only Archangels have the privilege of laying their eyes on Father and talking to Him."
"You were here the whole time?"
"Go. Now."
"Remember that? Good times!" Dean adds scathingly.
disappointed. You had such promise."
Zachariah nods.
Never have I feared rehabilitation as much as I do now.
"I know," he snarls.
I say, focusing to contact my subordinate.
I can't explain any further. I took far too many risks already. If Zachariah is spying on me, he'll understand what I'm trying to do if I make it any more obvious. The severity of what I'm doing scares me, but I try to ease my mind: I'm breaking no rules by disclosing this fact about the Prophets, and I'm not accountable for what Dean will do with this piece of information... I can't be blamed for anything that could happen.
"Uriel, Rachel, take charge of the new ones and gather as much information as possible about the seals and where demons are heading next. I want a strategy outline ready by the time I come back. Balthazar, follow me."
He is leaning over my hand and touching it to watch the memories that I am creating and inserting into the minds of Jesus' disciples.
"No matter if we win this war or fail, I will follow and support you until my last breath."
My voice sounds like the echo of the righteous man's words.
Anna betrayed us. She betrayed, insulted and abandoned us all. She chose mortals over us who have been at her side and at her orders since forever.
Levanael shouts out to alert me.
"Did you say a weapon to kill us?"
I look back down at the autistic man’s soul.
"Right," my sister's voice rises, pausing at the door.
He steps forward heavily and I raise my head to meet his gaze. My brother's human body is bulky and surprisingly hairy for a Human - there are thick black curls sticking out of his shirt - and when he steps out of the shadows, the ray of artificial light filtering through the half-open curtains highlights the clear size difference between my two soldiers. Standing by his side, Levanael might look delicate and weak, but I know them both to be excellent soldiers of similar strength.
Benny joined me about a month ago. He's pretty useful to watch my back and seek out well informed monsters, but not a day goes by without him trying to make me give up on Cas. He's probably in a hurry to bleed innocents dry on the outworld. I can't stand those fucking bloodsuckers, and it's only because I have no other choice that I haven't chopped his head off already.
He spreads his wings and pauses.
In a blink of an eye, I take them in front of the nearest hospital and instantly fly away as I leave them behind, ignoring Sam's yelling my name.
"Ah, yes. Orders. It always comes back to orders in the end, right? But where do orders come from? Who gives them?
"What a peculiar thing you are."
The lamp posts light up and crackle as I walk by, casting an artificial glow on the snow-covered grass and the tree branches. My footsteps echo on the concrete path until I stop under a lamp post, in front of a building that appears huge from my human height. My vessel's heart starts racing in my rib cage - making a choice on my own for the first time in my life throws me into a pit of anguish.
Should I tell him now about my suspicions? The more I think about it, the more I realize how my Faith has blinded me. I never once considered, out of devotion to my Father and trust in the hierarchy, that God could be malevolent or that some usurper was giving us the orders. I always just believed that I was not suited to see through the Lord's mysterious ways.
From up here, I realize I’ve been standing in the middle of a city whose center is now devastated and swarming with wandering souls. With a few wing beats I fly away from any human activity, and when the pain gets unbearable I hover in the air to begin my descent.
"I did, using Rgoan's idea approved by Zachariah. And it worked: as soon as I threatened his brother, Dean promptly turned Anna in. I guess her sexual feats weren't so impressive!" He chuckles at his own joke, then all amusement drops from his face as he spreads his wings. "You'll be under my command until further notice, Castiel. Follow me. We're going to blast Anna off this world once and for all, and I'm going to enjoy ripping apart this traitor to her own kind."
"For about one hour," Miz answers in a neutral voice.
. I don't like my work to be ruined."
Her heels click on the ground with each step she takes, circling me like an eagle about to strike down its prey. She holds a fierce glare on me, her pale blond hair waving over her shoulders.
"Do you know that Uriel rallied the entire Garrison to his cause?" she says softly.
As a loyal soldier of God, I’ve been trying to stay focus on the Mission and not get distracted by the game, even though we haven’t seen any survivor for the last two days. But I can’t help feeling a rush of pride about not letting the lightning strike me once. I always manage to anticipate thunderbolts just in time to get out of the way. Only Miz and Anna have been as successful as me so far.
That voice. This isn’t the voice of one of my Garrison brothers.
, Uriel’s voice echoes through my head.
"They won’t survive if this continues," he whispers in a low voice.
Samandriel nods at us and joins the gathering in the terraces. Given the turn of events, it looks like Camael is going to be exonerated. The soft weight of Anael's wing on my shoulders is soothing. We share a look and I see in his eyes something fond and protective that reminds me of the way Eve smiles in Abel's Paradise.
this kind of questions."
He takes his seat behind his desk and dismisses Lavavoth with a wave of his hand – she immediately flies away, leaving us alone in the office.
(See the end of the chapter for
"And what would you suggest?"
," I hiss through clenched teeth as I finally meet her eyes. "I don't want to hear a single word from you, Hester. I know everything. Uriel told me. Anna too. The fact that you alerted her so she would help me in no way diminishes your betrayal."
"Don't be mad at them, Castiel. They are young and excited, they meant no harm."
"You wanted freedom? There you have it!"
Benny's drawling voice raises again, filled with frustration:
"She resisted! Let's kill her!" Rzionr Nrzfm roars.
"Humans are so annoying when they interpret everything they don't understand by invoking God's name... As if Father would be concerned about their pathetic piles of dung!"
A rustle of wings lets us know of Samandriel's arrival. He promptly strides towards us, folding back his wings.
Zachariah blinks, then lifts a finger to interrupt me.
Silence falls. No one dares to speak or ask questions.
On my right, Zedekiel seizes a demon and slams it to the ground.
The three Sisters of Fate step forward. I've heard about them my entire life, and especially since Paradise was created, but I had never met them in person before.
His powerful legs are caging my hips and he kisses me with enthusiasm – or even greed – without pulling away from me for one second, changing the angle quite often and breathing through his nose. His tongue caress my lips, my teeth, wraps itself around my tongue on and on. He breaks the kiss just for a moment and I crack open an eye. Cas is staring at me with misty eyes and he's breathing shallowly. His lips are wet and a stream of saliva's still connecting them to mine. I swallow hard.
These past few years I have mainly been assigned to keep watch on Adam, Eve and their offspring, my original sector is actually situated further north. I am responsible of what happens there and I would be called before anyone else should an intervention take place.
"Of course you are." Zachariah arches a patronizing eyebrow. "You were on probation while the investigation was going on, but that's all cleared up now. I expect everyone to realize that the disgusting rumors about you and Dean Winchester were just dirt spread by Uriel to undermine you. There is no doubt about your reliability anymore."
"Some of God's chosen ones have lived for much longer," I say quietly. "I only hope he lives a long and happy life and succeeds in his mission."
"Your division existed before Humans and the Garrison were created..."
To prove his point, he materializes on his palm a toad, which stares at me, swelling its throat with a loud croaking sound. Izraz carefully lays his creation on my desk.
He looks down to my mouth for one second, and I see the tip of his tongue moisturizing his lips. I forget how to breathe, and next thing I know, my eyes are closed and I crash my lips on Cas', brutally, desperately.
That's all I needed to hear. There is an idea that has been growing in my holy spirit for a month, ever since I talked with Baradiel about capturing Alastair. And it blows away all my intentions to save the seal and inform Uriel. It's just one seal like the others - like all the seals that Uriel let break since he assumed command. Alastair is the one leading Hell's army, he's killing our brothers and sisters, he has been planning the Apocalypse ever since Dean killed Azazel. His capture is more important than protecting one seal.
"Whoa, whoa, whoa!" Dean steps in. "Okay, I know she's wiretapping your angel chats or whatever, but it's no reason to gank her."
"You were wrong, Anna."
Pmox and Levanael both thank me and I quickly leave. I have a lot of work to do. Being a General in wartime is harder than I expected.
"The Sam/Lilith love connection. How do we stop it from happening?"
I appear in a flap of my wings in the park, standing near the righteous man who startles when he sees me standing right next to the bench he's sitting on.
"A rumor?"
Michael stands up slowly, radiating with light and power.
you?"
"I know from a reliable source that demons are actively hunting for a couple of soul mates to break their bond and use their love to break the seal. We must not let that happen."
I pause when a voice echoes into my Grace, slouched deep into the couch next to Brap who raises his eyebrows as he waits for me to end my sentence.
"What do you mean?"
"Samandriel. What are you doing here? We are in the middle of a trial," Raphael asks reproachfully.
The surge of anger I expected doesn't happen. Instead, Zedekiel's wings slump behind his back.
Right when his harrowing scream floods my communication channels, drowning out all of my thousands of brothers' voices, I can feel the bond between Uriel and me break. His Grace blazes, burning up his life energy into pure white light that bursts from his eyes, mouth and the gaping hole in his throat, before blasting out from every pore of his vessel's skin in a dazzling, pure surge of power.
Michael has taken possession of Cain's body in order to defeat Lucifer, but it seems to be going wrong... Lucifer brings on the Apocalypse and leads a demon attack on Earth to wipe out the Humans. But he stops before he reaches his goal, as he can't bear to see the Earth burning and the Angels dying in thousands.
"Why would I lie when the truth is so hilarious? It took us some time, but Dean is now our next best torturer after Alastair. A true artist. Watching him at work is pure delight. You can tell he
"You're a fast learner. Good, very good. Chop-chop, let's go, follow me!"
(See the end of the chapter for
"This is a waste of time: even if he didn't take off, we don't even know if he can pass the portal."
Blade in hand, my soldiers are trying to reach her, but they can't get close. It seems the energy thickens the air and repels us, while the sounds get heavier. Anna's figure is now blindingly bright and her outlines are fading into a radiant sphere. My Grace freezes as I watch her rip herself in half and utter a chilling scream. The kind of scream I haven't heard since Siosp died.
"Wait, so that's why you made me come all the way here?" Rzionr Nrzfm snorts. "Don’t bother including me next time. I don't give a damn about human-loving rebels."
Oh. There is his soul, it’s starting to appear, shining brighter by the second. Finally I will be able to fulfill my mission. I move my finger forward to reach my target, when an intense burning sensation stops me. I look at my hand in astonishment and shake it to extinguish the raging flames engulfing it. So this is what a Phœnix is capable of.
Cain’s face is contorted when he lifts his arm, tightening his grasp on the stone, and hits his brother’s head so hard I can hear the skull splitting open. Blood is soaking his hair and streaming down his face, Abel stumbles back, raising his arms in an attempt to protect himself. Probably instinct. Cain grabs his brother’s tunic made of sheepskin and hits again, and again, and again. The blows he strikes are messy, not very effective. He strikes the skull at different spots, which prolongs the agony for Abel who yells in pain. Blood splatters the arms and grimacing face of his elder brother. The skull breaks at last and the sharp edge of the stone rams into the bloodied brain.
"Something new. I have never seen such thing before."
." Looking stunned, Dean looks down silently. "They feel I've begun to express emotions," I say, sounding as neutral as I can. "The doorways to doubt. This can impair my judgment."
Guardians are rare, and to my knowledge, this kind of mission has not been formally assigned since Cain. Now, the closest thing is the protection of vessels or their families - and that's only when the Angel has been asked to do so and actually keeps his promise. I know for a fact that there are Angels who disregard their vessels, and sometimes leave them in a poor condition, or even deliberately put them in a coma, just so they won't have to ask for their consent to invest their bodies the next time. I can't imagine what Dean would think of them or any of my superiors. I guess the word
"You're different."
"I think I'll go seek Revelation," he says, slowly spreading his wings. "We might have some further orders."
, Anael. Your useless soldiers and the degenerate apes they keep resurrecting are ruining everything!"
number, three new soldiers are joining the Garrison. Unlike Hester and Virgil, they won't go back to their original division. The transfer is permanent. I expect you to welcome them into the group."
He brings his hand down gracefully, and the fire ravaging the land dies out right away.
There is a voice ringing clearly in my head. A voice that doesn't speak Enochian. A human voice - a female one, more precisely. I stiffen and slowly get up as I feel an invisible grip around my Grace, a force drawing me to Earth and that I try to push back, my four hands clutching the desk.
The Garrison is severely affected. At this rate we will all perish, every single one of us. And the Humans along with us.
vessel. The invocation will most certainly lead me to Dean Winchester - he has already proven that he has resources and knowledge unusual for a mortal.
"The least we can say is that they have a flair for drama," Balthazar comments.
Down on the ground, Humans fling their arms up to the sky, shouting themselves hoarse about the wrath of God.
I hardly had time to heal my vessel and put back my sock and shoe before I hear the sound of flapping wings and see the second half of the Garrison appearing. They're all surrounding me, staring at me. Eboza, Izraz and Htmorda are perched on a broken metallic structure.
"Just before I called you here, I ordered Moses and Aaron to infest Egypt with horseflies and vermin, as I was instructed. However, should Pharaoh persist in resisting God's will, then the outcome will be merciless, and there will be collateral damage."
Now I understand why he took so many lives that day. The seal is intricate and sophisticated, and it would take a lot of skill to use just one life to power the seal - the book suggests sacrificing at least ten lives to make sure it works.
failure. Hell no, I won't let him think like this. I pull my weapon away from my knees and I come closer, a knee on the ground to level with him. I firmly slide my hand on his clammy neck and lower my head to make him look into my eyes. He blinks twice and finally looks at me hesitantly. There is something fragile and guilty in his eyes, and I don't like seeing him like that.
After Castiel refused to resort to threats on Dean, he was downgraded temporarily and is on probation. Meanwhile, Uriel is in command and brought Castiel to Anna to have her executed, but she managed to escape after getting her Grace back. Castiel captured Alastair. But Alastair won't talk even under torture, and the Council gives orders to use Dean to torture the demon. Levanael's death drives Castiel to desperation, and he agrees to have Dean endure this. After all, he has no other choice, right?
"Good job, Castiel," Anael nods at me approvingly, then flies off.
I look up at the sky, concentrating to gather water-laden clouds just above the city, while the temperature suddenly drops. A few snowflakes start twirling as they fall, soon to be followed by many more.
"Why are you defending him, Castiel?"
"I am
My soldiers are acting very strangely. And Hester even more so than the others.
why none of you bothered to help me."
Now, Baradiel is my soldier, he is under my command. I
With a hasty wave of my hand, I open the door without touching it, as silently as I can to take the enemy by surprise, he's talking to Dean, his back to me. The smell of blood and agony is so heavy it's suffocating.
"Time is fluid, Dean. It's not easy but we can bend it on occasion."
"No demonic presence anywhere in Baltimore," I say in a low voice. "Sister Abigail is safe."
I glance at Levanael who's watching our interaction, her head tilted to the side and her blond hair flowing over her white dress. She makes a short chin gesture to encourage me.
Uriel’s purple eyes flash with anger as he snaps his wings open, radiating raw power.
Maybe He hates
"Oh, am I now? You all are worshiping Humans, it's disgusting! I was opposed to the creation of the Garrison, you know? Well, time has proved me right!"
Night fell. Adam and Eve are long gone, left me alone to gaze at the dead lands that once were the Garden of Eden. The Tree of Knowledge and the Tree of Life vanished into thin air.
And for the first time in thousands of years, I find myself feeling hope.
If our Creator intends to wipe out both the Garrison and Humanity, why not just do it fast and in one go, like it happened with the dinosaurs or the Leviathans? What cruel God would allow the termination of an entire species and more than two hundred Angels to take so long? How can this be the Father I have striven all my life to please, hoping for even one single crumb of His love?
I'm already dooming myself to the harshest execution by rebelling the way I do. For my sacrifice not to be for naught, I have to do as Camael did. I must save Sam and Dean like he saved Cain, permanently shielding them from Angels and demons in every way possible.
"I don't understand. What more would you want to feel, Anna?"
I fold back my wings in a rustle of feathers and take a look at the counter. I slide my hand on the wooden surface, trying to assess the new information I've received from Revelations and what it entails.
Cas narrows his eyes as if it was a very complex notion – oh come on, I explained it to him a long time ago – and steps back just enough so our hips aren't touching anymore and he takes his bloody hand off my hair. But he's still too close to my liking so I keep my head turned on the side and I'm horrified to feel my cheeks burning. I see him raising his arm to my face and wipe off my cheek with the sleeve of his dirty trench-coat.
Siosp's eyes widen with pure, unadulterated fear as Anael spreads his wings and takes him away in a rustle of feathers.
"How? How did you find us?" Sam exclaims.
My sister's voice rises in my head again, barely a broken whisper.
On the ground a child with a head injury is crying, his face stained with blood and tears, sitting near his mother's mangled corpse.
A ray of sunlight caresses her blond hair. A breeze makes the leaves shiver around my claws.
"You don't like it? I think it suits you, dear. I figured that you should as well refer to feminine pronouns while you're riding a woman's body."
No...
And I am. No matter what Anna would say, I
Why is she telling me all this? Why me?
I can see from the corner of my eye that Uriel is pressing his lips with open disgust. As for Hester, she slapped a hand on her chest, gaping with indignation.
Three soldiers grab that rude Angel - who is still laughing hysterically - and take him away.
"Such a sore loser."
"What kind of mission?" asks Levanael.
"Just when we thought we would finally get rid of these festering overpopulation of Humans!" another soldier complains. "A few hundreds were fine, but millions?! They keep fornicating and proliferating like rabbits!"
This chapter takes place in
"I’ll ask you to never tell a word to any of your brothers about it," Michael says more authoritatively. "
When Anael freezes, Michael narrows his eyes and walks up in front of him.
"You've got heart, Castiel. Perhaps too much of it."
"An opportunity to capture the King of Hell has arisen, but I know Uriel won't let me seize it. He might even ask permission to the hierarchy to obliterate Greybull instead of being subtle. I need your strength to capture Alastair. Will you help me?"
"I am sure you are aware that Humans nearly went extinct for good. There's only about a hundred of them still alive all around the world. Lucifer's plan was to kill them all, collect and lock their souls in Hell to turn them into demons so we wouldn't be able to bring them back to life. As you have seen, millions of souls are currently wandering all over the surface of the planet. As a reward to Michael for setting him free, Death is granting us a year. One year to the day during which none of his Reapers will collect souls, during which we will be free to resurrect as many Humans as we can. We are few and the task is complex, but if we work hard we can make it. I will give you a list of priority souls to resurrect. For this reconstruction mission we will need to work hand in hand with the other divisions. The entire planet has to be revived."
With eyes brimmed with tears and his jaw clenched, Dean turns his head towards Anna.
"I'm not excreting
But Anael motions to us to wait for Michael's permission.
"And that's seven for Zedekiel!" Uriel chuckles.
Zedekiel and Siosp just spoke in one single voice.
Without even sparing us a glance, Gabriel lowers his hand and lands on the ground, folding his massive wings as his gaze falls on Camael's body nailed to the cross.
"Hester. Your orders are to protect the seal, not me. I can take care of myself."
Fucking hell, Cas. You son of a bitch.
, I'd have done it sooner.
"I bet Camael's punishment will be to be transferred to the plankton division," Zedekiel whispers to me in a gossipy tone. "I've been told their work is so dull you could die of boredom."
"If God has decided to bring this message to Humans, it is because He knows that they are ready to hear and understand it," I say.
of us left... Fourteen Angels to watch over millions of Humans."
"Anyway, both these species have evolved to the point that we now have to hide from their eyes."
I look up at Zedekiel, who's as bright as the sun.
He said my name - the shortened version that he was the first one to use - with a hint of resentment, as he holds the blade tighter in his hand.
"Hm. If I may say…"
"Because they gave him a choice." Anna's new human voice still carries her former rank's confidence. "They either kill me... or kill you."
"Will you
Here, in the depths of the righteous man's mind, I am standing in this imaginary setting and leaning back against the furniture behind me, with my eyes set on Dean. This unusual dream isn't enough to distract me from the thoughts storming within me. I have been
"Yeah, that's what Balthazar would have us believe," he says, his voice high-pitched like children's are. "But the truth is, any Human with special blood and clever enough to understand our question and answer 'yes' will do. Balthazar just prefers adults for their sexual possibilities."
"I... am not fit to command an army, Zachariah. I'm a soldier."
"I had to."
"I'm getting there, don't rush me. Where was I? You cut me off. And when I lose the train of thought I have a hard time finding it back."
"But Anna is -
"We're on it, but the Reapers are too wary, Alastair... We're hunting them down in many different locations, but they're all getting away from us now that they know that one of them disappeared!"
"What do you say, Castiel? Will you join me? Will you fight with me?"
Clearly, she has no intention of leaving, so I close the holy book with all the deference and respect it deserves. I need to be completely focused to pursue my reading and I can't do that with an intruder who keeps staring at me so insistently, her shoulder pressed against mine.
My sister snaps her mouth shut, her eyes flashing with something I can't read. Her pale blond hair billows around her face when a powerful explosion shoots a blast of sulfur at us. I hold her gaze unblinkingly as my coat flaps behind me and my blue tie flutters until it lands on my shoulder.
This is the seventh Angel of the Garrison who died since I became General.
"Who commanded you to break the seals?"
I lay my hand on Dean's shoulder as he turns to face me. When our eyes meet, his gaze only fuels my sympathy and guilt. While I spread my wings and reality melts around us, I allow my Grace to seep into his body and bring him into a deep dreamless sleep. His green eyes grow dim, soon clouded by his eyelids.
Adrenalin rushes through me and blows that question far away. There's only pure sensations left, making me shiver. Musky and aggressive, his body odor fills my nostrils and his beard gently scratches my face.
"Cut their head off!" the voice of the Archangel Gabriel thunders.
"Oh. He's surrendering." Her Grace brightens with relief. " Good thing he did, the next plagues to come were terrible."
I know it's only a memory. Abel's happiest memory, that he has been living over and over again since the day he died. It all looks so real that if I couldn't perceive the very slight translucency of the items, the landscape and this family, I could be fooled. But when I focus, I can see Abel's soul glowing peacefully and the hollow shapes surrounding him, all floating above the path that binds all human Paradises together – it's only an illusion replicating his happy memory in every detail, lost in a world of silence and void.
I would have thought having vessels in Heaven wouldn't be so different than on Earth. But I was wrong. The laws of physics ruling time and space on Earth do not apply to Heaven. Here, space adjusts itself to our size: the table is at my human scale, and my seat too has shrunk to fit. But for my giant soldiers, the oval table and everything around it remains sized to fit their dimensions. Never before have I seen space being so flexible, stretching, expanding and shrinking within the same place - somehow it reminds me of my isolation, where time had been so fluid and fluctuating. A Human would probably lose his mind when seeing such a sight that his brain could not even comprehend.
The righteous man's voice sounds a little tense, but certainly not impressed. Obviously that wasn't enough. I focus on making every light in the vicinity burst out, and I slowly step forward as the wooden doors open wide before me with a sinister creaking sound. The shattered light bulbs are crackling and spraying sparks in the dark. The barn's inside is covered with protection or trapping markings, some of them intended for demons, pagan gods, or the Mother of All's creatures.
"My name is Inias. You may not remember, but we crossed paths after the Flood, and I was also there to support you and Camael at your trial…"
I shut Htmorda up with a single glance and spread my wings.
Gabriel's grip is so strong that she can't free herself, and she drops her basket of seeds on the ground - immediately, a bunch of chickens eagerly rush in around their feet.
"Because we’re about to destroy it."
I hear Gabriel mutter something under his breath, but am unable to make out the words.
I knew it was likely to happen at some point. Born Human, she's been walking the earth without being closely watched and protected like Camael had been. It was only a matter of time before demons or Angels would find her - it would have been surprising if she actually managed to escape us for her entire mortal lifetime.
Camael and Siosp both went against the Will of God and were punished. Now it is our General's turn. Anna who has always been there to guide us, give us orders, tell us what to do. Why would she do that? She knows better than anyone that disobedience is the way to be executed.
Are they like Hcnbr who likes to be called by the name of his vessel?
Shit. I shouldn't have stand up. I feel nauseous and I almost fall, disoriented.
"Seems like yesterday when we were raining fire and death on Sodom and Gomorrah..." She looks up wistfully to the sky, her blond hair gently waving in the wind. "… and when Siosp was killed for his insolence and poor judgement," she says in a quiet breath, glancing at me out of the corner of her eye.
Leaning over, I watch my brethren – and my sister – positioning themselves in strategic places to exert their influence on the crowd. For Humans are prone to be blindly driven by peer pressure. It is customary in this region, at Passover, for the governor to release a convicted man selected by the crowd: our mission is to do all that we can to prevent the liberation of Jesus.
, so help me, I will kick your ass!"
His eyes keep looking everywhere in wait, like if he feared a horde of Leviathans would burst out at any time. Which I guess is very likely.
A weapon did this, not God's Will.
The only order they gave me was to send a warning to Sam Winchester, who used his demonic powers to stop Samhain, even though we forbade him to use them.
"Ruby!" he whispers, gripping the phone tightly in his hand. "Where the hell were you? Alastair is dead, and... Dean is in a coma. The doctors are saying that he's brain-dead and they want to pull the plug! I don't know what to do, help me!"
"It's a
"I recommend that Castiel visits Dean's dream when he's asleep - as you know, human dreams allow us a shifting access from Heaven - and threatens Sam's life. This Winchester idiot is so fond of his abomination of a little brother, this is the most reliable way. Let's give him a choice, to this free-will creature: Sam or Anael. He will hand her over to us with a ribbon around her, for sure."
. Those are the orders."
"He's been in a meeting for the past two days. What do you want from him?"
At last, I found one of the memories I was searching for. I dutifully destroy it. I recognized Camael, even if from Cain’s point of view he looks gigantic and towering. Another memory linked to the one I just erased appears right away.
A sudden rush of whispers into my head distracts me from his reply. I press my fingers to my temple and squint, trying to listen to them all. Like the tide, they keep growing and growing with every second, until it becomes nearly deafening.
"Castiel." He gulps. "Is this real? God sent you? I... It's such an honor, I..."
Brap. The General of the Plant Division raises his knee in an attempt to send me a kick.
As for Cas... Cas, it's different. Not a relationship as equals, like the one I have with Benny. With Cas, nothing's ever been normal, right from the start. Supposing that there ever was something
I repeat, dumbfounded.
I need to stay focused. I am the leader of the Garrison now. I have responsibilities, and I must prove that I am able to carry out the Will of God no matter what it is. Without question.
With a flap of his wings he flies away, leaving me alone with Dean Winchester who turns to face me.
No wonder we are Heaven's misfits. Created for the sole purpose of monitoring Father's experiment on animals with souls that He ended up favoring over us. Guardians of a species whose existence causes so many issues and conflicts within our Family.
"I recognized his aura, his voice and his yellow eyes."
"Easy, Raph..." Gabriel says in a low whisper. "Nothing proves they are Azazel's accomplices yet..."
"I expect the mission report from you and Uriel tomorrow at dawn! I have no doubt that Dean will do very well."
imagination. It's dry, heartless, no personal touch. Surgical. I can tell you're not enjoying it. It would make no difference to you if you were filling out paperwork. I could teach you all of my favorite tricks, you wouldn't do it right."
The General's Grace is swirling and clouding, but she quickly puts herself together. Her posture stiffens.
I hold his gaze while his warm hand squeezes my shoulder.
Uriel and Siosp land next to me, and Uriel holds out a stone tablet to Anael.
My gaze is drawn to a man standing aside, lurking in the shadow of a wall with his forearm hiding his face. He looks unsteady on his feet as if he were drunk and I hear his ragged breath. It looks like he’s trying to get further away from the crowd. Looking closer, I notice that the dark skin of his neck is covered in blood under his trembling hand. And there is more dripping from his mouth.
"I believe you, Camael."
I nod, acutely aware of the heavy responsibility that now rests on my shoulders. For this is a priority mission, unlike the announcement to Zechariah, which was only a test to ensure that it was possible to make a uterus fertile, even on a very old, sterile woman, so that Camael could be implanted in Mary's womb successfully.
"I will moderate their appetite, have no fear. Like you, I am honor-bound to keep my word. Each of my children has a weak point. Humans only have to find it out and learn to protect themselves."
Indeed, things were easier when we all walked the same lands and didn’t need to hide our true appearance. But we have been created to obey and fight, not to enjoy the Creation.
Hester is coldly sorting out the souls in the palm of his hand, one by one.
Michael lifts a hand to shut him up.
Is my name that hard to memorize?
Jesus should have added to his preaching
"As for Camael," Anael continues, "his fate is still undecided. He has been contained in isolation until further notice. One thing is sure, we can no longer consider him as part of the Garrison."
Beaming, Siosp nods eagerly.
Anael doesn't hide his amusement when Uriel laughs out loud.
? Come on, he's – he's... he's practically a Penthouse Forum writer!"
"Well, it has been a while since the last time we met! Time really flies by... But the past is the past, and the present is all that matters. Now, we’ve got a lot of boring formalities to deal with and I’ve got a schedule to keep to. Let's get started!"
"Now. Let's start by assessing the situation. A few points remain unclear, so I need you to plainly answer my questions. Then, I will announce a few changes and what our new directives are."
"The hierarchy is sending you Heaven's simpletons and rejects. I told you, Uriel, things are starting to change up there, and Humans are now becoming undesirables..."
Balthazar shuts up when Zachariah steps in front of me and takes my blade from Htmorda's hand before drawing his own out.
Surprised whispers arise from our group and Htmorda's Grace is swirling with delight, but Levanael keeps staring at Siosp with concern.
"Was it the demons?"
"Castiel. Come with me."
Cas is looking away and I feel like I just swallowed a stone.
"Dean..."
"That’s quite presumptuous of you, lecturing us about what is good for the Lord. He is all-knowing and all-seeing, and you think you know best? Don’t you dare saying He is weak enough to be manipulated by these Earth maggots, this is blasphemy of the worst kind!" Raphael snarls indignantly.
Samandriel's eyes widen as realization flashes through them.
I order without using my mouth.
"Uriel won’t answer my calls," I say, growing impatient. "I need to talk to Zachariah.
. Pmox seems impressed, Balthazar amused, while Hester nods to me excitedly.
His words strike me as the hail keeps falling on us relentlessly.
Relieved to find out that my hearing is as good, if not better, than in my true form, I walk up to the wooden doors and raise a hand to open them.
"Permission granted, Siosp. I know how much you value your primary mission. But you'll join the others as soon as your task there is completed."
I lower my eyes as Levanael stares at me intensely.
The Humans are hiding in their homes, their skin covered in blisters and boils that make them whimper and cry out in pain. Mothers are holding their children in their arms with tears streaming down their faces.
Everything is slowing down and sounds are thickening in the air.
"I’m not a…" I have to force the words out of my throat. Words that I have never spoken out loud, that I have kept buried deep inside myself for thousands of years. "… hammer, as you say."
"I'm sorry," I say at last, breaking the silence.
Oh. I look back at the road as I ponder over my soldier's words. I can't bring these valid comments to the hierarchy, since we are in the past. And even if I could ask them, I already know that I would be given the usual answer:
That explain why I never saw one. Cas let me deal with the small fry. He knew that as a hunter, I'd be alright and survive.
. I was following
gave them?"
My Grace is weakened, my Garrison won’t answer, Uriel never came back... I need to preserve all the energy I have left to fight again if required.
Technically, Levanael isn't wrong, but...
"We're not doing it!" Alastair chokes.
I'm alone.
"Balthazar, step forward."
That was Zedekiel’s voice. Out of the corner of my eye, I can see him getting outnumbered and knocked to the ground. There is a demon yelling an incantation over his face, and intense light is starting to pour out of my brother's mouth and eyes.
"What did you want to tell me, Levanael?"
Dean frowns, his face darkening.
"Thank you, Miz…" says Pmox, grabbing the hand Miz is holding out for him to get up from the ground.
Inside, a woman and two men are copulating in a relatively normal way compared to what is happening in the rest of the city. Indeed, the woman looks like she has two faces. The human one, soft and smooth, and another one superposed whose features are slimy, with a thick black tongue as long as a snake.
"Uriel? What are you doing here?" I ask, puzzled. "This is not your sector."
I have reached a turning point. I'm about to commit treason against Heaven, which I would never have even considered a few centuries ago. Or, to be honest, even a few months ago. But with my closest siblings' tragic deaths, the dire fate awaiting Dean and Sam, and how disenchanted I am with the hierarchy's decisions, manipulations, and dissimulations, I've been drawn into something dark with no return. Is this what Camael, Anna... or even Uriel experienced?
Baradiel's gaze is so profound that it seems to pierce through my Grace, straight into my holy spirit.
Michael's powerful voice rings out.
I can feel my Grace shivering at the command, and there is a crack in reality right in front of my face beginning to form.
"I surrender."
"I can't just sit there and let him say that!" Zedekiel snarls, struggling to break free from Levanael's iron fist.
"Absolutely!" Htmorda agrees. "Father is tough, but certainly not cruel!"
"Izraz. What are you doing here?"
For every five hundred steps Gabriel takes, only one from me is sufficient. He has reached the gravel path now, at this rate we should soon arrive in the city.
I mull it over, trying to picture the scene in my head.
A thick blanket of dark clouds is swallowing up the sky and blocking sunlight, moving and drifting like bowels and belching out downpours and lightning bolts. The world has been wiped out of life, reduced to gray scale shadows that ephemeral flashes of lightning saturate with white. Now and then a ray of sunlight pierces through the clouds into a vibrant and bright column, but it never lasts more than a few seconds.
"Congratulations, Castiel! You are now officially the General of the Garrison."
I open my eyes into reality and rise above his still sleeping form. Htmorda is looking at me blankly, his hands in his pockets and as motionless as a stone.
help hunting a demon?" asks Dean, smiling in disbelief.
Dean lets out a frustrated sigh and steps past me, unknowingly walking through my right wing. I turn around to keep him in my sight. He has his back to me and his shoulders radiate frustration and repressed anger.
Our blades collide with a clattering noise and I thrust him back hard, stretching my wings to keep them from reaching their objective. When another Angel attacks me on my left side, I throw him to the ground with a punch in the face. At the same time, a dozen Angels are hurling themselves right at me, coming from all sides. I gather all my strength as I expel a wave of energy that only succeeds in knocking two of them down and pushing the others back. If this go on, I'll drain my Grace's power, I won't be able to…
Baradiel remains indifferent while Rzionr Nrzfm starts listing all the insect species that can kill Humans, and Pmox jumps from one Angel to another to talk at length about our former missions.
"It’s horseshit."
people here," Sam intervenes.
Siosp has been executed by Michael for doubting God's existence, and since then, Castiel lives in constant fear of doubting again. He obeys in Egypt by killing firstborns. Three new soldiers (Pmox, Baradiel, Rzionr Nrzfm) joined the Garrison. Anna has announced that Camael will be forgiven by completing a mission on Earth. But for this, he will have his Grace ripped away and be born as a Human, under the name of Jesus.
Meanwhile, Harry is kneeling next to the sleeping couple and stroking their hair tenderly.
He points to his head and makes a circle with his finger. This isn't what I was asking but well yeah, I'd like him to answer that too. I can feel Benny's heavy stare on me.
This is dangerous. I could lobotomize the son of Adam and Eve if I’m not careful. Or worse, I could miss the memories I’m targeting and fail at the mission Michael trusted me with.
Stormy clouds are gathering up in the sky. The energy intensifies, and all of a sudden everything is drowned in pure divine light.
, failed.
"I have to tell Dean... about the Apocalypse?"
"Winchester and Winchester," Uriel greets them, is voice laced with sarcasm.
"… in front of the television?"
I lower my head and frown. Samandriel is staring at me unblinkingly with a thoughtful smile.
"When we arrived on the scene… We all fell to the ground before we could even land. We had no powers and couldn’t even fly anymore," Anael says.
. Uriel is suggesting an insurrection.
Camael stoops down and whispers to him: "You only need to say
And as the demon comes to straddle me, my entire Grace is throbbing with pain, paralyzed by the sheer violence of the blow I received. I had not experienced such a strong impact since the fight I lost against Camael. The enemy's hand is around my neck, and a dull fear creeps into me as he starts chanting.
"So, I want to help you. I'm about to lose my family here if you don't tell me how . . . Please, Castiel, just talk to me. What do you want from me?"
No need to fold my wings this time - I won't be long.
"We all have Castiel to thank for the upcoming Apocalypse! Worried we'd get bored, were you?"
(See the end of the chapter for
No one has ever prayed to me since Camael. Hell's vile atmosphere interferes with the flow and I have to focus to grasp the delicate thread of words. I silence Hester with a commanding gesture of my hand and press my fingers to my temple.
"Camael
"You're wrong, Hester."
I can't think of anything to say - the words are stuck in my throat. I want to tell him I'm sorry, but Anna's words are still echoing through my head. Sorry. Am I really, or is it just misguided compassion for a mission's casualties? The extinction of the entire human species during the Apocalypse and the Flood was far less distressing to me than the prospect of throwing Dean back into the torture habits he had in Hell.
"It's a joke, Cas," Uriel chuckles. "A joke!"
"I'm aware. I just wanted to talk to you." She tilts her head and a hair lock glides from her ear to her neck. "You seemed like you couldn't see or hear me. Were you receiving Revelations?"
"No. As far as we know, there is no such thing."
I don't care that he is of Cain's lineage, Noah is not worth half the Humans I exterminated on that boat. I keep thinking back to the trembling child in the arms of his parents. If it were up to me, I would have saved them and drowned Noah instead.
Pontius Pilate frowns, looking positively stunned now.
"I summoned you all at the Sisters of Fate's demand, and also because some of you reported to me some unusual behaviors among the Humans. I need an overview of the situation and specific facts before I alert the Archangels."
He winks at me and flies away, leaving me behind with all those other Angels I don't know who keep coming and going. I do hope that in a few years time they'll get bored. My brother is not an experiment to be studied.
The two brothers are intended to fight each other and one will have to kill the other. And I know how much Sam and Dean care about each other. At least as much as Cain and Abel once did.
I take a step further, still staring at him, radiating power that pulses through the air. Even though I have to look up at him in this form, I know that in reality he would barely be the size of an ant in the palm of my hand. Such a puny little thing.
How should I explain? If this situation had occurred a long time ago, back when the Neanderthals were living, I would hardly have cared at all if I had been watching a thousand Humans being obliterated.
"Wellington?
"Castiel, did Camael say something? Did he join Lucifer's side?"
Suddenly I see clearly what the real objective of my mission was, and it's not what I was told through Revelations. The objective was not to show Dean the events of the past, or even to uncover Azazel's secrets. No. The hierarchy sent us to the past so that we could bring Mary and Azazel together, so that the demon could lay his claim on her. Dean, in his desperate efforts to save his family, has unknowingly cast the curse on the Winchesters himself. This is what could be called the irony of fate, I suppose.
"What is it then?"
I’m wasting my time here, she won’t be of any help. I have to go out there and find Zachariah myself then. Turning on my heels, I burst out of the office and I run head-on into a Reaper who was passing by with his suitcase full of souls.
I cut him off in a final tone of voice.
"And what guarantee do I have that the Garrison will actually manage to take her down this time? You failed the first two times!"
"An Angel. He revealed the truth to us. We were taken from our parents at birth and raised naked like beasts just to please God. And.. And we..."
"We don't know."
"Rachel."
I spread my wings.
I put two fingers on Dean's forehead, and just before I dive into his dream, I can see his eyelashes fluttering and his eyebrows furrowing.
Camael never once displayed such a peaceful expression on his face throughout his long hours of agony. The crosses the Romans used were not so towering and the nails were hammered into the wrists and not into the hands whose bones are too delicate to support the weight of an adult man. Besides, my brother's human body didn't look like that at all. But then again, two thousand years is long enough for mortals to forget how things really happened.
As soon as Hester’s fingers brought the young woman back to life, she collapses, screaming on the ground, clawing at her hollow eye sockets streaming with blood. Terrified, the other Humans hurriedly move away from her.
"Oh, I care. I care a lot."
I have never seen Humans acting so irrationally before.
"That script on the funeral home… we couldn't penetrate it."
"Everybody's dying these days," Dean snaps back.
Pmox blinks at Zedekiel's snide tone, head tilted to the side. Even after all this time, the former plankton soldier still seems a bit clueless when faced with mockery. I notice Miz giving Zedekiel a disapproving glare.
Weirdly enough, I feel unable to serve him Michael's version, and share my own thoughts instead. Because Samandriel is right about one thing. We are not capable of love or hatred, no matter what Cain's memories showed. Cain might have felt love for Camael, but the reverse is impossible.
"Humans are fragile, ephemeral, frightened by their impending death, but in a few decades they live more intensely than we do in millions of years. Nothing we know could ever compare to the love they can feel."
The door slamming echoes loudly in the lonely warehouse, making me look down at the floor. It's done now.
The extinction process has taken longer than I expected and it has become obvious my favorite species would be disappearing. But still, until this very moment I had been hoping that somehow the situation could change in their favor. For centuries I’ve observed their reproduction rate decline and diseases taking them away, while the physically weaker species progressively invaded their territory, wielding weapons and bringing along tamed wolves they trained to attack.
I carefully pick up the book I stole from the library and tuck it back under my arm, moistening my lips. Now I can start.
Zedekiel's wings slump down dejectedly, but he straightens up when I throw him a warning glance - all of his feathers ruffle up with a silky rustle.
"It’s Bobby," he tells Dean. "Yeah, Bobby? What’s up?"
A burning wave of anger sets my Grace ablaze and stiffens my wings.
I seize the memory of Abel's death to erase it, when a sharp pain shoots through my arm and makes me lose my grip. Wrenched back into reality, I find myself facing three golden eyes blazing with rage.
"That's your excuse for leaving me with those gorilla-wolves?"
Ephra and Rachel did a very good job. Levanael's city is identical to what it used to be before the Apocalypse, even if it is less crowded now. Humans are behaving normally, carrying goods, feeding, drinking, mating in the shade of their houses. The only difference is that none of them can die until the end of the year Death granted us.
Who could have helped our former General? Was it Balthazar? He is the expert on vessels and human bodies, after all... Or could it have been Baradiel? He proved when he agreed to capture Alastair with me that he doesn't care about rules. Or maybe Zedekiel, who has connections in every division...
The Sisters bow penitently with their wings down. Judging by the way they’re glowering at each other, I think they look forward to the moment they will finally be alone to settle their accounts.
Camael has been in solitary confinement for centuries awaiting his punishment, Balthazar has joined the Garrison permanently, Lucifer was put in a cage at the end of the Apocalypse, and the Flood drowned the Earth to exterminate the Mother of Monsters and her creations. Siosp, who objected to this, was sent to rehabilitation.
"It was perfect." His voice was barely above a whisper, I nearly didn’t catch it. His Grace is glowing wistfully as he closes his eyes. "
"Your
"Stop delaying and just tell us, Balthazar," Anna orders, narrowing her eyes.
the rogue Angels screaming even though there is no sound reaching me, the silence is total, like inside the eye of a storm. Their Grace melts into a glowing, vanishing mist as their wings crumble until there's nothing left of this mutinous faction but ashes blown away.
Ephra and Yasen nod fervently.
"Amen."
Sam's voice sounds weary as he brings his phone to his ear, phone that has been ringing only in his mind.
"I guess I'm here to get back to my station with the righteous man."
I extract myself from the dream with a strong wing beat, making it collapse in the process. The Axis Mundi radiates light under my feet when I open my eyes again, so brightly it's almost blinding me. The souls wrapped in their Paradises are floating in the void around me, like shimmering stars gathered in galaxies.
"Tessa, you know Ronald always delivers on time. He would have let us know if he faced any trouble of that nature."
"Traitor," Uriel snarls. "At least Camael never
Hester makes a move to go, and I stop her with one look. My blade slides out of a vein, piercing through the skin of my forearm and falling into my hand.
"I won't fail you. I'll prove my faith to you, and..."
When his eyes open, they are red like fire.
"Lucifer was in the wrong, his actions were misguided, but he didn't act selfishly, he did it for our Father and for us all! As for Camael, he was manipulated by the Mother of All!"
I look up sharply. Anna seized the diversion to flee. She's nowhere to be seen.
That was Baradiel talking. With folded arms and fire burning in his red eyes, he stares down unenthusiastically at our fallen brother.
"I would rather die than serve Fate's cruel schemes again."
There is a little girl dragging a sled with an infant on it, excitedly babbling and clumsily articulating what sounds like
As I let it sink in, I remind myself of Gabriel's hand touching Mary's belly to implant the holy spirit of Camael inside. Was he aware at that moment he was sentencing Camael to a mortal’s life expectancy?
But this time there is no punch coming, and when I look up, wobbling on my knees, the sharp end of an Angel's blade pierces through my brother's throat - it glows ominously, stained with dark blood. Anna's face and red hair loom over Uriel's shoulder as he stands there frozen.
"True. That was a bad choice of words. My apologies."
The judgment from Heaven will be just, no matter what it turns out to be.
"... about a weapon in their possession that kills Angels in a definite way. I'm positive, that's what they said."
"Baradiel, destroy the boat in a way that makes it look like it sunk, and drop the soulmates on a shore close to human civilization."
While the righteous man and the Prophet of the Lord have a conversation, I turn the pages thoughtfully. Anpiel interrupted my reading during an interesting scene, and I would like to read what happens next. There is something fascinating about reading Dean's life as a hunter, but the scenes where he engages in sexual intercourse with women are the ones I find most intriguing. Chuck's writing seems to imply that sharing bodily fluids can verge on the divine, and I have a hard time fathoming how that can be possible. I'll have to finish reading all the books as soon as possible, while keeping an eye on the Winchester brothers and leading my army of traitors to protect the last seals. I haven't had a moment's rest since I took Anna's place as commander of the Garrison.
Harry nods frantically. Samandriel's face hardens.
Baradiel frowns and steps closer, our noses almost touching.
"Many generations ago, I placed one or two special bloodlines in every area so they wouldn’t be all gathered in the same spot. This family over there represents twenty livestock units. If there’s one you like, Anael, they’re here for the taking. Don’t pick a child, though, it would be a shame if something happened before they had a chance to reproduce and provide us with the next generation of organic weapons."
This is the exact same thing happening today.
Standing by his side, Cain holds in his arms a braided basket full of ripe fruits, golden wheat and freshly baked loaves of bread.
"We can handle the demons, thank you very much," Uriel huffs, offended.
Hester rolls his eyes with a repulsed groan.
Snap of fingers.
I touch his shoulder with the tip of my wing to calm him down, and his Grace shines brighter at my contact.
"The Archangels severed the link between the rebels and Heaven, and their Graces drained out of their essence. But unlike Anna or Camael, they had to live among demons and not Humans - rare are those who survived, I heard over the centuries. For the ones who did, their holy spirit and the echo of their Graces deteriorated so deeply that now, they're nothing but monsters of the worst kind. Abominations."
The demonic charge in the air intensifies. I envelop Jimmy's soul with my Grace to shield him from the pain and so he won't be able to see what's happening. Still staring up at Sam, I see him clench his fingers with a terrifying look on his face.
Dean averts his eyes, looking down in silence. When he opens his mouth again, it's to address the very issue I couldn't bring myself to talk about, the reason why Zachariah sent me here instead of sending me back to war.
"Now, if you want to believe in something, Cas, believe in
Ephra narrows his eyes. "Is it the one Gabriel referred to during the trial?"
"No shit."
It takes a lot of effort for me not to beam with pride. Indeed I magnified the landscape in the memory I created for Jesus' false farewell. Everything is basically the same, but I enhanced the colors, the smells, the melody of the wind, all with a sense of longing that only the poetry of the extinct human species could make me experience.
When the demon roars as he lunges at me, I shake off my fears and focus on the fight. My priority is to protect Dean, because that's my duty as Guardian and because he's Michael's sword, the last hope to save Humanity if the Apocalypse does come - which will happen soon, at the rate seals are breaking.
I have been watching the Humans for centuries now. The cycle of their lives is quite repetitive: they eat, sleep, reproduce, die. But little by little they’ve developed language, leather and woolen garments, hunting and fishing skills, and though they haven’t reached the level of poetry of the extinct species, a sense of beauty and art growing in them. Even if in my opinion this frail, stupid and belligerent species should never have survived, I have come to term with it and watch over them in an impartial manner.
I ignore him and focus my attention on Michael, squinting at the intense light. His body has vanished, and instead, a heavy flow or pure light is raining on Cain whose body is absorbing it all easily.
"Obey a mortal. I think it's the most absurd order I've ever received. In my entire life."
"I don’t either," echo Pmox and Zedekiel.
He pulls one hand out of his pocket and slowly lowers it, putting down the flames surrounding me. I instantly relax and stretch out my ethereal wings behind my back as I take a step towards my brother. His vibrant aura of energy expands and wraps around me, building some kind of dome shielding us from the flow of time.
"Harry!" Samandriel briefly hugs him back. "What is the situation?"
Rgoan's grin broadens.
"But you didn't."
She presses her lips together and averts her eyes in dejection.
Raphael’s sharp gaze turns to me.
To think that my Creator wants to punish me and destroy the Garrison carves a dreadful void in me. A void that my devotion used to fill until now. The Lord created me and my one and only role is to serve Him. Who am I if He no longer has use for me? How could I even still exist?
"Rachel and Ephra have no other choice," Levanael says. "They have to walk all the way out and be careful not to be noticed."
" Uriel’s voice behind me thunders.
A warm breeze makes the shrub leaves simmer and the spectators' tunics ripple. The sea of Galilee glistens in the sunlight, waves nibbling at the shore. Lizards slither furtively over warm rocks as crickets sing their song.
Benny clears his throat and the sound pulls me off my thoughts. I look at him, he's spinning his weapon, looking impatient.
"How did you end up in here with an angel, anyway?"
As for me, I have known from the very first day that I'm only a weapon. Nothing more.
His voice breaks on those last words, tainting the stormy air with a hint of sorrow.
"Since it is customary here that I release someone at Passover, I am giving you the choice between two men. Jesus Christ, also called the Messiah, Son of God, or King of the Jews, has been brought to me and I find no charge against him. Or Jesus Barrabas, a well-known thief who killed a man in a riot. Who do you want me to release?"
Ephra shots him a warning look, but Levanael just keeps his eyes on Siosp, watching for his reaction.
I resignedly try to put some order on my desk.
Totally unaware, the Humans keep stacking bricks by gluing them with dung. And suddenly, an entire segment crumbles down into a cloud of dust. Then, screams rise up to us as they start running around in a frenzy to dig those stuck under the rumbles.
"And if we don't, then we'll clean off the Purgatory from each and every bitches until there's no one left but us."
"What should we do then?"
Flying high in the sky, he’s staring us down, and his Grace is so bright it chases darkness away and makes the starry night fade.
Leaning over his car radio like it would be easier for me to hear him, Jimmy turns at a street corner.
"This is Uriel," I say to introduce my brother. "He’s what you might call a…
A lightning bolt tears through the sky and strikes Zedekiel so hard it throws him out of the group. He comes back two seconds later in a flurry of wings with his feathers all fluffed up and eyes narrowed in frustration.
The Winchester brothers share yet another look, and I avert my eyes. I know Dean's soul. I know he will oppose us. And when he does, I won't hesitate to push him off or knock him unconscious. I might even request a dispensation from the hierarchy to wipe this unpleasant incident from his memory.
A compliment, the kind I would have appreciated to receive myself. Dean deserves it. He proved his worth as a soldier. As a weapon.
Her face is now stripped of Levanael's true appearance showing through. It's nothing but an empty shell, a lump of flesh starting to rot already. Still, I can't help but brush her cheek with my fingertips. I can still hear her gentle, light tone of voice, feel the warmth of her hand on my shoulder and see her tender smile.
He spreads his wings and I am quick to follow him when he flies out. We end up in a white corridor lined with white doors on both sides as far as the eye can see. Angels walk about busily without paying any attention to us.
He snaps his wings open and with a furious beat he throws himself at Zedekiel's throat - both roll to the ground in the dust while the other soldiers stare in bewilderment.
Michael's quiet voice silences her. The Archangel is pensively scanning the horizon.
I can feel my forehead furrowing and my eyebrows frowning as I take a closer look at Zachariah's vessel. Except for the fact that he has no hair and doesn't look exactly young, I don't know what to think about it.
Oh God, Cas...
"Fine," he hisses at the General. "I cannot wait for the day the hierarchy gives the order to wipe your degenerate apes off the planet. Oh, I will happily comply, and believe me, Anael, I won't be the only one."
"It means she's worse than this abomination you've been screwing," Uriel snarls, gesturing at the demon. "Now
Forcing Dean to torture Alastair is wrong, but letting my brothers and sisters be murdered by demons is equally wrong, and so is the fate awaiting Humanity if this Apocalypse occurs.
There's a hand gently brushing against my arm. I frown and turn my head to meet Hester's gaze.
thought?
Our general takes a look at the city. The Human madness seems to be getting worse and far less entertaining. A man is sturdily penetrating a greyish corpse whose intestines crawling with maggots are spilling over. Another just slit a woman’s throat and is trying to shove his chaffed penis inside. A pregnant woman has been gutted alive and is now dying under the assaults of twenty Humans using sharp tools.
"Sit down, Castiel," the General orders in a harsh voice.
Uriel is dead.
I grit my teeth as their words echo my own past self's. I said the exact same thing to Camael back then, when I couldn't understand him. I never thought I would be in the same position one day.
"It's not that complicated, actually!" She flutters her eyelids at me mockingly. "Believe me, if you want to figure out Humans, there's only one thing to know: they're never satisfied with what they have."
"What did you find out, Baradiel?"
First, I need to be sure it is her. If my theory is correct, then... Then I will have to act quickly.
What should we do when there is no one to guide us and command our actions?
to them."
Zachariah raises his eyebrows, looking mildly bored.
I yell into the celestial communication channels as I grab the demon-killing blade that Dean left on the cart.
As I walk to the door, still processing, Zachariah's voice rises behind me again.
The music flows, sparkling with crystal shards, showering the vast space with raining stars. Soft flapping of wings disrupts the whole scene, signaling other Angels in coming.
I need to go back to Eve.
"Someone could be listening," I whisper, sharing a look with Dean.
"Tastes bitter," I say, placing the empty glass on the table.
"Alastair was much more powerful than we had imagined."
He gets to his knees and reverently crosses himself, whispering a prayer.
Cas has his usual poker face on. It's such a relief not to see him smile like a stoned junkie or act like a kid afraid to be scolded. This is my good old Cas standing in front of me, but stinking and bearded. It's weird to see him so messy. He could easily pass as a tramp, right now.
"Well, thanks a lot for the angelic assistance! You know, I almost got my heart ripped out of my chest!"
Free will is merely an illusion. A beautiful idea wielded or bypassed by hierarchy depending on their interests. Humans are, like us, subject to the Lord's will and to the schemes He makes the Sisters of Destiny execute. The sole difference is that they are blissfully unaware of it.
"How did you...?"
Sam probably loosened his grip, since the demon regains some of his composure, smirking.
"Indeed, that’s a possibility."
"Come on, now, let's not be too hard on Castiel," says Zachariah with a self-indulgent smile. "He's still a youngster, just learning his way around a high position... we've all made mistakes in our young years, right? I screwed up too, with the dinosaurs. Not my proudest moment, but I've cleaned up my act since then! The Great Ice Age was a huge mess as well. Oh and during the Sixth War, Ecanus and Eboza did throw a part of the ocean up in orbit, remember!"
Could it be the effect of a banishing sigil? No, it can’t be. I’ve experienced its effects twice now in my life, and I know a banishing sigil would have sent us far away from here, we wouldn’t still be stepping on the burning embers and ashes of the dying city.
Even if I don't need sleep anymore, my body still wears out. Generally, resting an hour's enough, but monsters rarely leave us in peace long enough for that.
"Yes,
"Why do you think I recruited you and Sam in the first place?"
He doesn't realize that the tips of my feathers are brushing against his hair. His chin is quivering and a tear rolls down his cheek. Levanael would probably have found the right words. I have no idea what to say so I stay silent, struggling with emotions I can't seem to contain when it comes to Dean.
The Sisters of Fate were very specific. Cain's lineage will not die for several millennia. It is written. And what is written cannot be undone.
"This is precisely what the demon was confessing," he growls.
"Why don't you take my job too while you're at it, Castiel?"
Virgil and Rzionr Nrzfm snap their mouth shut and rise to their feet when I enter the torture room. They share a meaningful glance, then silently stare at me with their back straight. Obviously, I interrupted something.
"Camael?" I whisper in confusion.
Hester snarls, dark thundering clouds start gathering in the sky, and suddenly he's right in front of me, grabbing the back of my head in a tight grip. Three stormy gray orbs are glaring at me as I cautiously close my hand around my unfinished work to protect it.
"You picked a fragment of her timeline that was too recent, you should have–"
I say in a louder voice.
When our brother is following Lucifer's steps? When he nearly killed Castiel? And the son of Adam and Eve is under the Mother of All's control? When almost all Humans have died, which could mean our mission is no longer necessary? How could we
Lavavoth lifts up her pointed chin, looking judgmental.
, and now corpses are littering the ground. Others are falling into the ravine cutting a deep, shadowy gap through the mountain. In the melee, Zedekiel is busy smiting demons one by one and fighting off those getting in his way - although a bit chaotic, his movements are graceful and efficient.
"It's exceptional, yes. Rgoan scheduled a meeting with the hierarchy in room 3609 -
the very idea of free will that I liked so much.
"Our mistakes were nothing like Castiel's!" Brap huffs. "None of us tripped and inadvertently started an Apocalypse!"
The glowing shapes of my soldiers are flying closer at high speed, pursued by swirls of thick, black smoke. This is the moment.
For I would give everything to meet Father, just once. To have His eyes laid upon me, to have Him tell me that my existence matters to Him, at least a little. It is a haunting and aching hope that I can only convey by carrying out the missions as best I can. By being useful to Him.
"And at least the goat joke is funny. But enough about goats and red-headed Humans. Now we know that Alastair and Lilith are leading the operation. We need to capture one of them for questioning."
Anael is staring intently at Brap, as if he could pierce through him with just a thought.
"Glad to see you’ve ceased your extracurricular activities," I congratulate him.
"There isn't a millennium going by without them messing things up!"
Dean has a hard time with the concept of destiny and our visit to the past clearly failed to make him see that no matter what he does, no matter how hard he tries, he will always end up triggering the very events he was trying to prevent.
With a silky rustle of feathers, an unranked Cherub appears in a mostly naked vessel, dressed in a bright red bathing suit – clothing protocol only applies to high-ranking Angels, and Cherubs have never received any instructions as to how to dress their vessels. Clearly in a panic, the Cherub throws himself at Samandriel and hugs him, burying his vessel's nose in his hierarchical superior's neck, whining loudly.
Squaring my shoulders, I send a glowering look at my hysterically laughing army. There's nothing remotely amusing about this situation. Quite the contrary, it could jeopardize my first contact with Dean. And now I'm going to have to write up a formal incident report.
I wait till his impaled tongue cease to move in his gapping mouth and I remove my blade. I wipe it off on the monster's jacket. If there's one thing I learned from Alastair, it's that you always get an answer if you persevere a bit. It took me some time, but I just got the confirmation.
" Uriel sharply cuts off my attempt at diplomacy, throwing me a warning glance.
"Pharaoh is a stubborn being who thinks himself more powerful than God. Killing firstborns is merely a display of strength - a lesson in humility - a very lenient one. And it is necessary. We have to obey."
Anael motions to them to come closer.
It’s too late now. I can’t go back. I went too far, way too far. I don't know if Anna is trying to lure me out of the right path like Azazel once did to Adam and Eve, but I have to stoop to the worst of crimes if there is even the slightest chance of saving my soldiers, sparing Humanity from the Apocalypse, and the Winchester brothers from the grim role awaiting them.
Before I can think of an explanation that Humans might understand, Uriel steps forward, losing his nerve.
Raphael calms down and seems to consider the proposal. Camael winks at me, his Grace swirling playfully inside his body.
"Oh but of course. I specifically instructed Samandriel so, given the way we intend to use them."
Her voice is barely above a whisper.
"It is a bit funny, I have to admit."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Where is Lucifer...?" Ephra whispers, eyes wide open.
," I say as panic rises in me.
"Can't we stop bringing it up? Remember what Bobby said before he left! We need a fresh start!"
yet terrifying.
"This one just won't quit, will he?" Uriel looks at the righteous man, eyes sparkling. "I think I'm starting to like you, boy."
"Father, forgive them, for they do not know what they are doing," Camael whispers while guards and bystanders laugh at him.
Adam smiles at Cain with fatherly love, leaning over to show him how to keep the fire going. Frowning in concentration, young Cain throws a log into the flames, trying not to smother them and not to burn his fingers. The crackling of the fire licking the bark and swirls of smoke rise into the rustic room. There are shadows dancing on the walls to the rhythm of Eve's lullaby.
There is a shriek of rage, and suddenly Rgoan gets yanked out of his balcony and smashed to the ground with a loud crash. I rush to the ledge to lean over and look down. And there is Hester in the middle of rubbles, her face twisted with wrath, straddling Rgoan and pounding his face with her fists. Blood splatters in scarlet drops, staining her hands and clothes.
"I only killed the ones who said no."
"What are the orders, Michael?"
There is something harrowing and magnificent about this scenery. Everything is so peaceful. The arks still sailing in the endless ocean are the only reminders that life is still out there and will thrive again once the waters recede to their original level.
Anael nods sternly.
We spread our wings and fly up in a silky rustle of feathers. Just before reaching through the layer of clouds, I gaze upon the Earth one last time, seized by harrowing wistfulness.
The wide blue sky is reflected by the liquid mirror covering the Earth. There is not a single cloud, not a single wave to disturb the serenity ruling over the Creation.
"I had no idea Cain had become a creature of the Mother of All. That is the truth. I did suspect that Camael was hiding something, but I didn’t know that it was so serious. I discovered recently that Camael has feelings for Cain, which is abnormal and forbidden. No Angel should feel devotion for any other being than God!"
I hear an outraged gasp behind me and turn around to see the Sisters of Fate have jumped to their feet, eyes wide open and wings shivering.
The man stops washing his cup and turns off the tap, staring at the device. He holds his breath and bends over as though to hear better.
I slow down my pace and clench my wings. This blasphemous thought would answer all the questions I have been asking myself ever since Lucifer fell. All those unfair orders, the slaughter of innocents, the deaths of hundreds of thousands of my siblings...
We all unfold our wings, ready to follow the Archangel to the city of Nazareth where our mission is awaiting us. However, rather than flying away, Gabriel looks up at us and arches an eyebrow.
Michael blinks, tilting his head with an undecipherable look in his eyes.
"Siosp’s sector…" Levanael breathes out as he folds back his wings.
"Well!" he claps his hands resolutely. "Anyway, I’ve got
My soldiers never had to confront Lilith directly. Sly and cautious, she always attacked the abandoned seals while we were out fighting. The rise of the witnesses was one of them.
"I sincerely doubt it, but you need to know. The rising of the witnesses is one of the 66 seals."
I sharply turn my head to Uriel, staring at him in disbelief and betrayal. He merely arches an eyebrow and shrugs.
"You could have handled this on your own, Pmox," I reprimand him. "There weren't that many of them."
I can hear Levanael sitting upright and feel her gaze on the back of my head.
Dark green in the half-light, his eyes grow wary. I wonder how he would react if he knew the truth. Perhaps he never will, if I miraculously defeat the armies of Hell with my two hundred soldiers. It would be better if he never finds out. That's all I can hope for.
"So we meet again, mh? I've been told you quite enjoyed the goat joke!"
Cas stays crouched in front of me and keeps staring at me without blinking, his forearms on his knees. I
Uriel clenches his fists before shoving them into his pockets.
Levanael looks so ashamed of his own admission that I choose not to say anything. We remain silent for a while, watching Aaron and Moses as they return to the Palace to collect Pharaoh's answer.
Zachariah lets out a small, high-pitched laugh and clasps his hands over his stomach.
"Orders are orders," I nod sternly.
The steady rain swishing that slowly extinguishes the flickering fire grows clearer, and now my perception sharpens to the point I can track and feel the movement and velocity of each raindrop. There is no trace of Grace or holy spirit anywhere. But behind the gasoline smell is another one, harder to detect - the coppery scent of blood, mixed with burnt ozone.
Michael stares at Balthazar and nods.
"I know all of you betrayed our Mission to join Uriel in his insane quest to free Lucifer. You've been sabotaging our chances of winning this war for months. It all makes sense now,
"I think that's sarcasm, Castiel," Levanael informs me.
"Spare me the boring preaching and high praises to Daddy. Tell me what you
Baradiel casts a contemplative glance at me.
or I'll have to send you back to…"
Htmorda says sternly.
I made a hollow threat on Dean. There's no way the chain of command would let me send him back to Hell when we still need him. Never before in my life have I felt such anger. I overstepped and took advantage of my superiority on a Human. This war is affecting me more than I thought. Not only do the lives of my closest brothers and sisters depend on me, but also the fate of Father's work of creation and the Garrison's reputation in Heaven.
I do my best to disregard the terrified weeping of the Human who frantically cries out for help, calling out for his wife and sons, and I crouch down to touch the Enochian sigils on the ground. They glow and sparkle with the effect of my Grace when I apply a minor modification in the symbols in order to exclude any possibility for the demon to manipulate the soul he cohabits with. As soon as I do this, the human voice dies out, replaced by Alastair's husky and nasal one.
"Dean..."
I have heard that the commanders of many divisions have objected to Anna's request for permanent reinforcements. The addition of new soldiers, which had been planned for centuries, is therefore being postponed. We will have to settle for Balthazar for now, and the occasional assistance of Hester and Virgil.
"I'm considering disobedience."
"So we will no longer be allowed to treat him like our brother?" I ask. "Or at least help him in his mission?"
"How high?"
A silky rustle of feathers lets me know that Baradiel and Uriel have returned.
I immediately let go of the soul I was about to bring back to life. Hester stiffens by my side.
"I need to talk to Zachariah."
"I would rather bet on the others. They are less ugly, reproduce faster, they are more adventurous, demonstrate group solidarity and they know how to fight."
She stretches her wing to lead me to a dark corner between two seemingly endless shelves filled with books. Her true face glows in the golden shade as she faces me, staring at me with a stern look, her smile fading from her face.
Zedekiel fervently nods, spreading his white wings and flying away at once, leaving me with only the endless sky above me. I turn around and walk in the direction of Ephra's head, my footsteps clattering on the glass that mirrors my outward appearance.
Still looking angry, Dean stands up and steps around the table then walks away. I let my Grace's hold release him, focusing my energy solely on Sam, making him imagine his surrogate father's voice, picking details from his memories to create a convincing illusion of a conversation.
My brother's grip tightens on my shoulder, forcing me to look him in the eye. I can't help but blink in disbelief when I see
I keep my eyes on the ground, staring at those three pairs of feet. Anna knows what she's talking about. She has given the same kind of orders many times in the past - she knows what it means to lead the Garrison. The orders we are executing today are not that different from what we did to Judas, Pharaoh, or Cain.
"Humans are much more complex than plankton, Pmox."
"Is that an issue? There's no hurry, my soldiers can secure the remaining seals while we work on Alastair."
"I wanted to tell you that I'm on your side, that I hope you'll stop the Apocalypse and keep the Humans alive. Because if they go extinct, you and I both won't have a mission anymore. And believe me, that's the worst thing that can happen to us. But there's something else I wanted to tell you. I need to talk to you about Zedekiel."
he snarls more aggressively. "Enough stalling. We mean you no harm, so please stay out of our way."
"You know I will always be on your side, little brother."
"One thousand two hundred fourteen," says Uriel with obvious delight.
Camael's mention makes me avert my gaze. A distant echo of his last prayer to me still rings in my head, clear as a bell.
A silky rustle of feathers, and Zachariah vanishes into the stormy sky which is still thundering with lightning, soon followed by pouring rain. The General stands perfectly still, her white hair streaming down her wrinkled face. She clenches her fists and stares at the ground silently.
Anna takes a deep breath as she spreads her ethereal wings. Thick, heavy clouds suddenly gather in the rosy sky on this spring evening. The rumbling of thunder crashes, and lightning strikes through the air not far from us. Light flashes onto Anna's vessel and casts the shadow of her wings on the wall of the alley. Judas drops to his knees, shaking all over and bowing until his forehead touches the ground.
"Castiel?"
I know what I need to do now.
He looks worn out, his eyes hollowed and tired, and most of all, his clothes are as dirty and bloody that mine, maybe even more so. If he really took off to avoid the fight, he wouldn't be in that poor condition.
Down on the ground, a woman is sobbing tears of relief, holding against her chest a child I brought back to life earlier.
So God wishes to see His two elders face each other in a fight to the death that will most likely bring Humanity to an end. And I am expected to accept it. To take part. To rejoice.
I'm not entirely sure that was the right thing to say.
Dean's face freezes into a blank mask, and he looks down in silence.
"SHUT YOUR EYES!"
"What was the rumor about?" I ask warily. "What did it say?"
Anael narrows his eyes.
"The Horsemen?" Ecaop tilts his head in confusion.
"And you heard the demons talking about a..."
I had monsters hunting my ass as well!
"Are they serious now?" I can hear Zedekiel muttering in disbelief.
And all of a sudden, I see it. A soul bright and radiant just like Adam and Eve's once were, but already tainted by darkness and corruption. The righteous man’s soul, without a doubt. The demon was telling the truth.
The Archangel blinks, bending down to peer right into my eyes as if to probe my mind and bore into the depths of my inner thoughts. There is something strangely wistful and sad about the way he’s observing me.
"Get in there and heal him! Miracle! Now!"
"I've told you a hundred times, Benny. I'm not going anywhere without my angel."
A sense of longing seizes me. My brothers are as silent as I am, and judging by the distant look in their eyes, they have been, just like me, thrown millions of years ago through their memories. To a time when Humans were mere crawling fish, when the Earth was united, with no Hell or Heaven, when Lucifer was our inspiration, radiant and infallible...
I don't want to ruin this victory against Hell and the hierarchy with another argument with Dean. I haven't been this happy in months, and I would like to enjoy it just for a little while longer, before I have to face Alastair to extract the information from him, and the hierarchy to justify myself for my initiative.
