It was really the only reason he needed. Those words the only reason John needed as he grabbed hold of Sherlock’s shoulder spinning him around before shoving him down onto onto the sofa. Sherlock sharply drew in a breath and tried not to react to John’s show of strength. It never ceased to amaze him. Sherlock attempted to right himself but John was there crawling over him. Mouth over mouth. There was no facade of sweet first touches anymore. John’s mouth was hard and unyielding against Sherlock’s as he took control.
“Want to know what I think?” Sherlock began, as if John hadn’t made the last comment at all. As someone of shorter stature, the blogger wanted to glower at the long shadowed lines Sherlock’s draped form cast over him. He wasn’t going to chance another turn of the head even though there was a texture to Sherlock’s voice that all but demanded it.
“Are you okay?” John asked, once again putting Sherlock before anything else.
“Do you know how many times I’ve imagined this Sherlock?” John drew out his name in a long groan that had Sherlock moaning around him.
Sherlock opened his mouth in a deep inhale preparing for the long string of deductions that would lead to the conclusion he had just presented, but he couldn’t. John already had that ‘I’m going to listen to this to amuse you and because you’re brilliant’ look on his face. Sherlock let out the breath with a relaxed inhale. “The way you look at me.”
Sherlock opened his mouth to say something, anything, but John was back. Tongue chasing Sherlock’s  into his mouth before Sherlock could utter a word. John’s mouth tasted like tea, biscuits, a drop of blood, and home. John’s hand were rough against Sherlock’s chest. One unbuttoning in a hurry while the other pulled out where his shirt had been tucked in. Strong hands skittered across the edge of his ribs causing Sherlock to arch off the couch .
He trudged down the stairs trying not to let his frustration show, and found Sherlock at the kitchen table. It was a miracle that the flat hadn’t burned down in the fifteen or so hours John had spent upstairs.
“I see you are already in the need of a new case.”
All of the comments people left really made my day and I can not thank you enough.
John’s were chapped, was Sherlock’s first thoughts as he quickly pulled away. It was suppose to be light, communicative. Not more, there was no more yet. Until there was with John’s hands grabbing at the front of Sherlock’s purple shirt that he liked so much. Sherlock could tell that too. John watched him more on those days. Eyes constantly drawn to his clavicle and forceps. John’s hands brushed over those very places right now as he deepened the kiss between them. Sherlock pulled back.
John's cheeks were painted with loud slashes of red and he felt more frozen than before. There was nothing strange about Sherlock and what John had seen him doing the other day. It was hardly the first time he’d caught another man in that position. The army barracks had never been known for their sense of privacy. It was just… this was Sherlock.
Sherlock’s hands tugged against his erection faster as he got closer. He wordlessly moaned around the cock trying to shove it’s way down his throat. John started to tense up and his hold on Sherlock’s hair grew tighter. The pain adding to everything Sherlock was feeling at that moment.
Sherlock wanted to say it, say it all. How much he loved John. How it was not just loving John, but being in love with him. That he would turn back the hands of time and redo everything so that John would end up with him. That they could do these things every night. That he knew.  He always knew, just like he knew he was too late.
'What to do if you catch your flatmate wanking on the couch in the living room you walk into every day? The flatmate that has shown no interest in any sex related activities before. Really, I really need opinions.'
“Right, quite right,” John said fumbling for words. He wondered if Sherlock busying himself was a way of hiding nervousness, but immediately doubted it. Sherlock seemed very at ease, like an everyday occurrence was occurring. Practically expectant, the turn of events predictable.
During the case there had been a multitude of times that John’s eyes had strayed to Sherlock’s hand in the kind of concentration his friend reserved for the dead. In fact, one of the times Sherlock had been bent over a corpse he'd beckoned John to observe more closely. His hand had been curled around the edge of his square shaped magnifying glass. There was nothing indecent about the gesture, no connection to be drawn. Despite the lack of reason, John’s mind transported him back to the sitting room, and the curl of Sherlock’s fingers wrapped around his flesh as he slowly dragged his hand back up.
“Do you wonder these things a lot?”
Now John was starting to overcome his nerves enough to realize that he was being toyed with just slightly. The only reason Sherlock was entertaining this was because at some level he found it entertaining and intriguing. The neutral façade he wore was very convincing. “Right, then. So do you do other things?”
John shuddered.
“That should suffice,” Sherlock muttered moodily setting it back on the plate.
Sherlock’s heart fluttered in his chest. “Yes. I’ve always wanted- I enjoyed that.”
“You told me that you weren’t gay, well told anyone that would listen,” Sherlock said with a hint of a cruel smile. “Which you aren’t, bi maybe or it could just be me.” The better just be me was left unsaid. John’s knees hit the back of the sofa. He stood not moving his posture becoming a bit rigid. “I knew though, it didn’t matter what you said. I always know,” Sherlock punctuated the words with a hard look.
“My room,” he finally got out. The garbled words took Sherlock a moment to decipher.
“I feel like we’ve had this conversation before.” A dismissal.
What was left of John’s control vanished in a soundless snap. He reached down and grasped Sherlock’s locks in a tight grip before forcing that mouth back where he felt it belonged. John pushed himself all the way to the back of the detective's throat barely caring as Sherlock gagged around it. John’s hands gained purchase on the back of Sherlock’s head as he pounded forward.
“You are the one that skipped dinner last night,” Sherlock retorted petulantly.
“No,” Sherlock rumbled. “I find more than enough excitement here.”
“Not really, no.”
“No.” He could hear the hum of the refrigerator that played across the room in a similar way the jeopardy theme song resounded from the telly. “Yes.” More time, Sherlock fiddling with the magnification of the metal device at his hands. Also, waiting. It was a lot more patience than he usually exhibited. “No.”
“Oh fuck, I’m coming Sherlock,” John warned pulling his length out  just in time for the cum to spurt out on Sherlock’s waiting face. The white liquid fell along on the geniuses’ cheek and the edge of his mouth dripping downwards. If John hadn’t been completely spent and a little younger the sight of Sherlock wide eyed staring at him like that would have led to a second round. As it was they both breathed and took in what happened.
“It’s less of a thought and more of a certainty, really.” Sherlock sounded like he was musing, but he wasn’t. Just drawing out whatever game he was up to at this very moment. Unfortunately for John the game seemed to be him.
Getting back to the blogging. “Caught Red Handed,” he typed across the top of the entry. That was one way to put it. The snort and giggle that followed the thought drew an annoyed eye. John was quick to stifle it.
John.
At that point Sherlock had given up on John in terms of conversation. He made a comment about distraction, but then was too pleased with a revelation he’d had regarding the body. Within hours there was an arrest.
He turned away from the window to stare down at his blogger. His not quite blonde, brown, grey hair was sticking up in angles on one side. Sherlock clenched his fist and tried not to stare too deep into his flatmate’s dark blue eyes. John’s expression was open, understanding, a bit concerned, a bit hopeful.
“From the angle over there,” Sherlock almost whispered while leaning in even closer. A robed arm moved past John’s face to point at the couch that had, had half of his attention for the past hour. The other half dedicated to Sherlock. “It isn’t too difficult to tell the positioning of your fingers and from there determine which keys you have been pressing in sequence with alarming repetitiveness. I know you tend to use certain word choices to the point of redundancy, but this seems more excessive than usual.”
Sherlock responded with a questioning expression and John decided not to press. John knew a dead end when he saw one. He prepared to walk back to his computer where he now could hopefully write out an actual blog post but stopped.
That had been two days ago.
To start with I am so so so sorry for people who have been reading this since I first posted. I had not meant for this chapter to take so long. If you are interested in an explanation I had started this fic pre Season 4 Finale and upon watching the finale I was sent in a sort of tailspin. It was very difficult for me to properly grasp my creativity for this fic when I was so upset over what I had watched. That was one issue, the other was I wasn't sure how to write this without making John into a total stalker. In the end I was like fudge it, I'm doing this how I want! So... Yeah that's the shortened version of what happened! I hope everything was worth the wait. This chapter has been beta'd by the wonderful
Sherlock beamed quietly as he hung his coat up on the back of the door. There was something about this moment that he didn’t want to break with words. Instead he silently preened while John went to go make tea. Sherlock observed the room in front of him. He hadn’t been back here for days but everything had changed. The consulting detective couldn’t put his finger on what as he took in John’s closed laptop, throw blanket over John’s chair, John’s mug right where John usually sat during the mornings. Newspaper laid out, but dates remained unseen. Sherlock shook his head and away went any feelings of something being off.
, would also be normal enough to do related activities.
“No, I don’t think so,” Sherlock said and John came to the realization that shaking off interest was too late now. Without even realizing it Sherlock had his teeth sunk into him and was intent on hunting down answers.
Sherlock’s dark hair fell across his forehead as he speedily sent out a text. His gaze flickered up for a moment before he sat back down in front of the microphone. “Something you want to ask me?” Sherlock offered and for his part there was still no indication in his voice that John was out of bounds, doing something strange. It did little to make John feel better. He felt more like he was still at the edge waiting for a life-ending fall.
Susan cried out. The skin of her buttocks shuddered and jumped from the recoil of the cane, but the girl herself did not twitch a muscle. "Three, mistress, thank you," she sobbed, pain colouring her voice.
"But that was two," I whispered back, confused that Sherlock Holmes, master of observation, could have missed the count so badly.
Again something moved behind the door, a dry susurration. It was maddening that I could hear it but not see it. I tried the door handle again, rattled it in frustration. I wanted that door open.
There was no response but from the Tree itself, a chorus of sibilant voices. Before the voices had always been meaningless, but now they resolved into words, which I eventually recognised as lies, lies that I had told at one point or another in my life. Lies of childhood, made to my nurse or my parents. Lies of a wastrel medical student, begging allowances from my instructors. Evasions and half-truths told to my commanding officers, when I wished to escape orders or discipline. Lies meant to comfort terrified, dying, pain-wracked men. Lies printed in the
While she was gone, I put the traps out of the way in Holmes' room, then laid a fire in the sitting room hearth, perhaps the first fire the grate had seen since Holmes' death.
"I see," I said, much disquieted. It was a tribute to Holmes' extraordinary nature that my readers responded so to my account — never mind that they had known of his death for these two years and more. And they did know: my stories never sold better than after the news of Holmes' tragic passing reached England. Nevertheless, there was something otherworldly and fantastic about their reaction.
"But not usefully! It is like dealing with a genie, Holmes. It will twist and evade and never give you what you want. It is selfish and concerned only with its own survival. It is always going to withhold, for fear that you will stop feeding it."
"Can you wait until I'm awake?"
Unhappily, I nodded.
"Aye, ma'am." Barley sucked his teeth thoughtfully. "Well, dead men 'ave no secrets. But this 'ere's a patent Putnam, y'see — Mr Holmes didn't want no one getting in 'ere."
Holmes seemed to have followed Moriarty's advice, but without enthusiasm; the next several entries were purely chemical in nature, Holmes attempting to isolate the compounds that made the leaves ignite when struck by light.
In truth, I had blown off my steam many times by then — Holmes' 'beating off' did for me alone, and caused me to join him in kind. But it was his next message that caused me overflow with tenderness and affection for him:
"Yes, do make yourself comfortable, Dr Watson," Mrs Klein agreed. "We'll be just a moment."
It seemed the fruit whispered to me as I took it from him, and to my distress and revulsion, whispered in Mary's voice. But Mary and I had said everything in our hearts during the weeks leading up to her death; the Tree could not possibly know any secrets of hers that I wished to hear. I firmly shut the door on the fruit, and resolved again to destroy the Tree as soon as I could persuade Holmes of the necessity.
Holmes shook his head. "You tried to warn me, but I would not listen. I had not realised how deep it had its claws in me, until I saw its claws in you. I might not have shaken off its influence for my own sake, but for yours… I am very fond of that cornflower blue, John. Gold doesn't suit you at all."
The entry ended there. I turned several pages more, but the following sheets were crisp and new, unmarred by any hand.
"Don't his landlady 'ave a key then?" he asked doubtfully, contemplating Holmes' door. The strange scent had met me like a wall upon the threshold; Barley, too, sniffed curiously on entering the rooms. But he was not long distracted: he bent to examine Holmes' lock with professional interest, then stood and inspected the doorframe, as if considering the alternative of bypassing the lock entirely.
feelings through the simple expedient of asking him (and indeed, he ultimately came to me with his proposal). But this new vision is not knowledge I could have discovered for myself: I have searched long and hard for the solution to Father's mystery, with no results.
He brought back with him an astonishingly large ivory dildo. In an experience that spans many nations and three separate continents, I have been fortunate enough to see many impressive penises—indeed, many of them were world-class—but never have I seen any male member the size of the behemoth before me. In my medical estimation, I do not believe it is possible for a mortal human man to bear an organ of such gargantuan dimensions; he should pass out from a lack of blood to the brain. Mrs Klein and her ivory tool were not hampered by such mortal limits, however; she evidently intended to wield the elephantine organ as if it was her own. 'Magnus' was affixed with a sturdy harness, and the footman, taking advantage of a clever parting in Mrs Klein's skirts, helped her don the colossus, kneeling at her feet to tighten its buckles and straps. When they had finished, the Brobdingnagian device thrust out from her skirts in a most terrifying manner.
Comforted by his touch, I slept.
"I'll leave you to it," I said, and moved to retreat from the room again, but he reached out and caught my hand.
"Forgive me, Holmes. I never would have pried, but…"
I laughed at his boldness, and took up Marryat's with a relish.
he said grimly, the axe punctuating his words, "have you
And yet I must beg someone's forgiveness. The Almighty's, if I cannot beg John Watson's. For it was not enough that I make him grieve my passing, but I must also cruelly use him as well: in my note, I hoped that he would tell the tale of my death.
"Very good, sir," the footman said, and carried the case to his mistress.
Not content with such improvisations, however, he threw off his dressing gown and stood above me in all his masculine splendour. His long shapely limbs, corded with lean muscle . . . his slender and sublimely sculpted torso . . . the twin carved lines of his obliques leading my eye down to the proud length of his penis, erect and weeping such ambrosial fluid that I abandoned my position in the chair to go to my knees and suckle that sweet nectar. He put his head back and moaned, full and hearty, as his hand came to stroke my hair and urge me onward. I ran my tongue under his foreskin, lapping up the musky scent of him, then swallowed him deep, his crown pushing into my hals, his hairy bollicks rubbing against my chin. I held him there as long as I might, swallowing hard around his sword in my throat, before I drew back to take a long, shuddering gasp. His lance twitched and jerked obscenely, gleaming with my spittle, and a long shiny thread connected his glans to my lower lip. It struck me that he and I were ever so connected: even when we were apart, as during that long dark time after
Tears streaked poor Susan's face as she hiccuped her love for her mistress. The gold chain swung heavily from her breasts, mercilessly tugging at her abused nipples, while her bottom glowed like a hot stove. Mrs Klein drew her nail across that tender, abused skin, and Susan hissed and thrust out her rear for more maltreatment. Beneath, her clam glistened and twitched, opening and closing its thirsty mouth. The girl's clitoris was swollen to the size of a thumb and purple with blood, yet Mrs Klein still refused to give it succor.
both seemed excessively specific to my landlubber's eye, but perhaps they were of more use on the high seas and upon Britain's waterways than I imagined.
He had described the fruit’s flavour in his notebook as bitter, giving something of a burning sensation in the throat. Apparently the fruit was far more foul than he had intimated there, for his face stretched involuntarily in distaste, much like a child sucking upon a lemon. By main force of will he made himself chew and swallow it, then glared balefully at the second portion where it rested in his hand.
"You'll sleep better with an assurance. I've wronged you, Watson, wronged you and abused your faith in me, and it's only fair that you should expect a security from me now."
"I do. You've always used deception in your cases. A false tip to the newspapers. A disguise. The falsehood that one accomplice has already confessed, told to spur a confession from another. Lies, all, but in every case, designed to reveal the truth. This is no different."
"Thank you, Watson," he said, when I placed his cup near his hand.
"My dear man! How did you know what I had been about to ask?"
I was aghast and confused by these revelations, but they explained much about Holmes' behaviour on that trip. We never did procure a suite in Brussels, although Holmes had tried to insist upon one. After our fifth hôtel I had put my foot down, and Holmes reluctantly settled for a double-bedded room. Had he found time to ingest his fruit later, that week we spent crossing the Continent? I could not recall an opportunity for it; perhaps the fruit, like Holmes and Moriarty themselves, lay at the bottom of the Reichenbach Falls.
"That manuscript is my last memory of Douglas!"
I contemplated the fruit's destruction: two years of pain on both our parts, suffered to no purpose whatsoever.
"John," he said, when I drew back. He gazed up at me, something naked and vulnerable in his eyes.
"John," he said again, and this time he pulled me down to kiss him.
Nevertheless, I was unable to conceal my distaste for the proposition when, having dressed and shaved, I withdrew the fruit from my safe. The Tree had caused such pain. Holmes had given up his integrity and friends for it; Moriarty, his reputation, character, and life. I was not convinced that there was a good that was worth such sacrifices; I was even less convinced that the fruit could deliver it.
But there was one more entry, a lengthy one, dated May 11th — a full seven days after Holmes' death, and my breath came short in my chest to see it. I had made errors in dates before, as my readers were never shy in pointing out, but to confuse the date of Holmes' death? Impossible. May 4th was emblazoned in infamy upon my memory, never to be mistaken or forgotten. It was frankly impossible that Holmes could have written an entry dated May 11th, but there was his own spidery hand, unmistakable. The world seemed to narrow, the words twisting and blurring on the page, and I struggled to read.
I turned, embarrassed at having been caught shouting at a locked door. "Quite all right, Mrs Hudson."
and me. Tonight I feed the Tree with it, and I hope that my sacrifice will be worthy of rewards of a different flavour.
It was the first of December, in the year 1893, when Mrs Hudson summoned me to Baker Street: the blackest day, perhaps, that I had known that year. In the early part of the year, my grief for both my friend Holmes and my wife Mary had become a shabby old coat, familiar and ready-to-hand if not particularly warming, but in autumn, with the publication of the final series of stories, my grief grew fresh and heavy.
It seemed likely I was misreading him, and yet his meaning seemed plain. Wishing to be certain before I committed us to something he might regret, I sent a reply, encoded as before:
Then, several days later:
and he is
"Perhaps you have heard of my treatise,
"My dear boy," he exclaimed, sinking to his knees and enfolding me in his arms. "My dear, dear boy." He kissed my face and neck, more demonstrative than he usually was after our encounters. "Forgive me for taking such liberties with you. I was quite swept away."
Barley took a hesitant step away, then looked back at the open door. "I'm not much one for installing locks, missus, but if you want that replaced with something you 'ave the key for…"
In that unventilated space, the cold scent from the tree bit into my throat; I felt almost dizzy with it. I made my way to the windows and pulled aside the heavy drapes to get more air, but the windows had been boarded over, exactly as Mrs Hudson had described. The tree's scent knifed deeply into my lungs, and I wondered if Holmes had been sleeping in this close, unhealthful environment before his death.
"Will it be a problem?" I asked, concerned.
Such sentiments were wildly uncharacteristic of him — I could assume that only the deniability of another man's words moved Holmes to expressing such sentimentality. I frantically searched Marryat's, but while the good captain would permit me to express my eagerness, zeal, admiration, or best respects, it did not permit of expressing my most ardent affection. Again I reached for metaphor:
I must apologise to my readers for the lies I practised upon them in my earlier chronicles. Some were beyond my control: indeed, they were perpetrated upon me by one in whom I had placed my trust. Others, namely those appearing in my narrative of "The Empty House", I perpetrated in full awareness of my own mendacity. I feel that these latter were justified by the circumstances, as putting the so-called Tree of Knowledge before the public could result only in villains seeking to abuse its powers for their personal gain — indeed, the Tree is a great corrupter, causing more damage than could ever be justified by the knowledge it offers. However, since the Tree has already caused so many falsehoods to be loosed upon an unsuspecting public, I feel compelled to set down a true account of the events surrounding Sherlock Holmes' supposed death. The few who read this document may judge for themselves whether I have done good or ill in withholding the truth.
As he sought to cultivate ever larger, more potent fruits, he also waited longer to harvest them, hoping that I would publish his falsehoods, disseminating them to a wider audience and giving the falsehood more power and the resulting fruit more potency. Alas, he still did not make his wishes known to me, and I was as likely to share the truth with my readers. Holmes cursed me often within the notebook's pages as I inadvertently thwarted his plans.
"Until the Tree," I supplied.
Sitting up, I poured the coffee that he had left on my bedside table. It was hot and fragrant, and did much to clear my head. The sandwiches were merely thick slabs of meat between rough slices of bread; I took one, and be damned to the crumbs among my sheets. "Have you eaten?"
that Roylott fed the snake milk, although the milk was almost certainly intended for Roylott's cheetah. A harmless falsehood, but one which he is nevertheless likely to propagate in his telling of the case.
But he had already walked out the door.
is still in Switzerland, no doubt futilely leading the search for my corpse along the banks of that unforgiving river. I have stolen back into England like the criminal I am to whisper my lie to the Tree. Already it recovers from its injury at Moriarty's hands. Even as I watch, new growth unfurls in response to the lie I have told. It seems to me that I can hear it whisper to itself. I am certain that I hear a voice, although perhaps it is only the voice of my own guilt.
"Of course, Holmes. I'd be honoured to accompany you anywhere you wish."
"There's no time to explain," Holmes answered. "It is vitally important that we have this all cleared away by daylight. A second axe, if you please, Mrs Hudson. I don't care whom you have to wake to secure it!"
has a wife and could not travel with me forever. She, too, deserves his loyalty, and has far more honest claim upon it than I. I arranged the meeting with Moriarty, and to facilitate the privacy of our conversation, I further arranged a distraction for
"Napoleon, as you may recall, was not an advocate of the cartel, believing that men released to their mother countries would only take up arms again. Thus the surviving crewmen of the Scylla spent the remaining nine years of war in a French prison hulk; many among them did not survive the experience. The two officers who survived the wreck, Captain Sherrinford Holmes and Lieutenant Elias Bellamy, were spared the indignities of the hulk; they were quartered ashore, in slightly more healthful conditions, although records state that Lieutenant Bellamy — originally third of the Scylla, but now acting first by dint of his two seniors drowning — enjoyed his promotion for only a month, before succumbing to an infection arising from the amputation of his leg, which had been crushed when Scylla foundered.
Holmes inclined his head. "Perhaps it was the naïvete of youth, but I could not believe what people said of my father. If he left of his own will, it was with regret and for good reason. But neither did we have any idea why he might be forcibly kept from home. Or worse, done away with.
He smiled. "I should have known you would not be driven away so easily."
"It is," I affirmed. That, at least, was not a lie: the tree's leaves had caught fire when I brought a simple lamp into the room; heaven knew what might occur if someone was more incautious.
“Don’t you want to ask me anything?” It only seemed fair.
“They aren’t…” John searched desperately for the right words. “The type of questions you ask. Maybe after a couple of pints,” he trailed off. It wasn’t exactly a forbidden subject. Variations of it had been brought up during school, while he was in the army, and a number of other situations. There were even instances where it could be mentioned in the context of medicine. It just felt particularly strange discussing anything in this realm with Sherlock Holmes.
The next day John had another shift at the clinic. He picked up a carton of milk from Tesco on the way home. He put it in the fridge upon arrival and then fled to his room where he remained for the rest of the day.
“So do you often do that on the couch?” Well, there went this possibly being in the context of medicine. It was also not the question he wanted to ask and he once again was left bewildered by the lack of control he had over his own words.
“Don’t be tedious, John.”
“Brilliant! You were absolutely brilliant,” John continued in a rush, his voice a few tremors away from laughter.
John wasn’t sure why he felt so nervous.
He laid practically sprawled out on the sofa. John observed, with complete self pronounced objectivity, that Sherlock needed to put on weight. What with his pajama bottoms barely clinging on for life. There was a visible and pronounced hip bone between the elastic band and his wrinkled shirt. The robe gave more definition to his figure, when such a shapeless object really should be taking away from it. Hands steepled, eyes far away. The last time John had seen something akin to this expression had engaged in a completely different action.
Sherlock wanted the control he was still angry, sad, confused under the surface of it all. He needed something to ground him in this moment. He bit down on John’s bottom lip causing him to groan out loud. The sound translated to the desperate need of it all.
Sherlock laid back down into the waste and waited for the next dream.
The room felt overly quiet and stuffy as John made his way around. He sat down and pushed the small plate towards his flatmate. There was a newspaper placed precariously on the corner of the table. The doctor picked it up and suspected it made its way there via Mrs H rather than Sherlock.
“Well I won’t bother asking what you think, then,” John commented offhandedly. He opened an email that was more likely to put a virus on his computer than have any actual content.
Sherlock knew what he should say, what to do. The whole reason they were here in this moment was because of this. “I have something I need to convey to you.” His deep voice shook a bit at the end.
“Ah, unspoken societal rules. How dull.” And he made it sound like John was underwhelming him, one of the masses. He seemed disappointed, although there was no telltale downcast to his face.
“You bought kiwis.”
Hello guys! Here is the next chapter. It turned out a lot longer than I intended. I'm still trying to figure out if this is going to be a three chapter piece... or four. We shall see! I hope you guys enjoy. This chapter has been beta'd by the amazing
“So you don’t? With other people?” John was practically repeating himself, but he was still finding his way back to firm and safe land. A place where his views were not all contorted in the notion of Sherlock in that kind of position with anyone.
“Define regular.”
“So it’s a regular thing?”
“God you’re gorgeous,” John breathed and the moment was broken. Hands needed to reassert themselves on the other’s skin for the sake of something, everything. It all mattered more.
“Amazing really. The fruits and vegetables section?”
“Do you ever have people help you… Clear your mind? For… you know… cases?” It wasn’t the right question. He wanted to ask about the excitement. What made the
John had continued talking about the case in flattering details. Sherlock smiled again, the kind that stretched his face into something else entirely. Those sharp cheekbones the only warning of what was there moments ago.
“Wait,” Sherlock began. Bewildered, even with all of the evidence he never thought… He always thought Watson would go with someone, anyone better.
“Christ, Sherlock!” He willed himself to calm down and lower the volume of his voice to anappropriate level. “Don’t sneak up on a bloke like that. I was switching between applications.”
John jolted upwards and nearly fell out of his chair. The voice was close enough that the tremor of it resonated along the skin of his neck and face. John could taste an eternity of heartbeats stuck to the roof of his mouth. He resisted the urge to throw the laptop across the room hard enough to erase all evidence.
The said man rose to his feet as John was halfway through writing the sentence a tenth time. John had hoped seeing it written out so clearly would have slapped reality into him hard enough that there would be no more lingering over the subject. Instead alarm filled him to the brim as he pressed several keys in order to minimize the window as quickly as possible. Sherlock made a beeline straight to the kitchen as John felt sweat starting to collect at his hairline. He positioned the computer away and did his best to stare blankly ahead like he was reading an article on the web, checking emails, or anything other than what he’d actually been doing. John would be aged years by the time he got past this crisis of his. It was several seconds before the blogger felt he could breathe evenly again. He relaxed and began to move the cursor so that he could bring the window back to front and quickly delete all of the letters.
It was a pretty tableau, but it had just occurred to me to feel sorry for Mrs Klein's poor neglected fiancé, the Duke, who was surely owed the greater part of Mrs Klein's affections, when Mrs Klein reached out a little farther and cruelly twisted his ear. I sat up, a protest on my lips for such brutal and unprovoked treatment, but the Duke leaned into the vicious gesture, his penis bobbing in eager enthusiasm: to all appearances a man aroused instead of a man abused. Indeed, no sooner had Mrs Klein released the poor Duke's ear, than he sought out her hand, nuzzling it as well he could around the bit in his mouth. She permitted his attentions for a moment, then withdrew her hand and took up her tea cup.
But then I saw an item that made me snicker like a schoolboy. With the thought to provide Holmes with a moment's diversion, I reached for a telegram form. A happy inspiration led me to page through the names of merchant ships, and much to my good fortune, I found what I sought among Britain's great maritime fleet.
will make them mourn me.
Warily, my gaze turned to the heavy drape across Holmes' door. I could not see that it had been disturbed, but I did not have Holmes' eagle eye for detail. I approached the doorway and nudged the curtain aside slightly; there was nothing but darkness behind. I had expected the red glow of the lantern, but it was possible the interloper had heard my return and closed the shutter. If there was someone there, I did not relish encountering him in the dark, myself still blinded from the light of the sitting room.
"You do not trust me. Take the fruit with you," he said, putting his hand to his pocket, and bringing out a black-swaddled object the size of his fist.
The corner of his mouth twitched, rueful. "Are you still trying to ensure I have no privacy to eat the fruit without you?"
"Then it is fortunate that Mycroft never desired the squirehood and was content to leave its duties in the hands of Cousin Merritt, who has no such shadow in his lineage. But to prove the imposture at this late date? That is the problem. My grandfather, whoever he was, has been dead for thirty years, while the man who died in prison beside him has been dead for seventy. Perhaps thirty years ago, there was someone who knew the two men and could prove the difference, but now? I think it extremely unlikely."
"Your Grace," Holmes murmured to the bound and kneeling man. I saw the Duke of Lomond, if indeed the man was he, was bitted as well as blindfolded; he made no effort to reply.
"I expect him back. I hope." He would come to feed the Tree, if for no other reason.
The Tree, however — the thought came to me in a blinding flash of revelation — the Tree would have to go.
The fruit whispered, still in Mary's voice. I wondered if Holmes heard his father's.
It may seem strange that Mrs Hudson summoned me, who had not been her tenant for five years, to deal with intruders in her home. But she had never taken on new tenants after Holmes' death; indeed, Mycroft Holmes paid her not to, wishing her to maintain Holmes' rooms as they were, as a kind of memorial to his brother. It was a peculiar arrangement, but she seemed happy enough with it: in death, Sherlock Holmes was a much easier tenant than he had been in life.
"Let me show you out, Mr Barley," Mrs Hudson said firmly, and gestured to the sitting-room door.
Alas, it was rank naïvete to believe that Moriarty and I could strike a bargain. He had long ago become a criminal, mendacity his trade, his word of so little worth that he bequeathed the Tree to me. He was not interested in discussion. He arrived armed, and attempted to take the fruit by main force. Madness took me, and I would not give it up to him: without a truce, there would be no peace in which to grow another fruit, and without another fruit, Father's fate would be forever unknown. Within seconds we were rolling together at the lip of the Falls like two vengeful schoolboys. In the scuffle, the fruit went over the edge. Moriarty lunged for it—
If the Duke was shy, it was impossible to tell: at the sound of his mistress's voice, his cock strained and danced ever the harder.
My stomach sank. "No, Holmes. Don't do this."
Her lips pursed. "That is no kind of explanation at all, Mr Holmes." Nevertheless, Holmes had impressed on her the urgency of the situation, and she worked beside us before going down to the garden to rake the branches away from the walls. Once she had a goodly pile, she lit a bonfire — a safer alternative, we felt, to letting the entire pile spontaneously combust when daylight struck it. Once lit, the branches burnt with an unnatural intensity. I shuddered to think what might have happened to Baker Street if Holmes' precautions against the light had failed at any point during his two-year absence.
His smile was wry and regretful. "Yes. I always did know that."
The next entry was dry and technical, supplemented with rough but serviceable illustrations in Holmes' own hand, documenting the appearance of a bud near the crown of the tree. In the entry after that, the bud had become a small fruit the size of a sloe berry, with a tough rind streaked green and orange. Holmes confessed to not knowing enough botany to judge whether it appeared unusually quickly, but when the fruit did not grow further, he appealed to Moriarty for advice. Moriarty's reply telegram was pasted into the notebook:
He neither flinched nor dropped his eyes, but the wariness returned to them. "I have."
"Yes," I hastened to agree. "We are very sorry, but we have an urgent appointment. Matter of life and death. Cannot possibly be avoided."
But Mrs Klein had noticed the maneuver as well. "Susan," she warned. "Do you want me to remove those?"
It was a strange sort of trust, to be used but told nothing of his schemes. But it had long been so; even putting aside the Tree's influence, I had been given occasion to know it.
I could not bring myself to confide in
She drew herself up. "So it's old times again. Like when you were at death's door, but it was all only play-acting."
"I wish to express my very great sympathies, madam," Holmes said, after introducing me to the widow Maberley. "I knew your son slightly. But of course all London knew Douglas. What a magnificent creature he was! I have never known anyone so vitally alive. He lived intensely—every fibre of him!"
He was once more pacing the room when all energy suddenly passed from him. He stumbled, and I caught his arm, guiding him to the settee, where he fell into a kind of swoon. He lay insensate for some time, his pulse strong but worryingly slow. As I sat vigil, it slowed further, and further still. His breathing, too, became depressed. I was considering administering a stimulant when at last he stirred and took a deep breath.
"And yet his association with her was well-known, especially to those who monitor matters of social scandal. Are you aware of Mr Langdale Pike? He is a receiver and transmitter of all the gossip in the metropolis, and makes a four-figure income by the paragraphs he contributes every week to the papers which cater to an inquisitive public. Be warned, should you publish, the public will become very inquisitive."
was not the success he represented to me. Quite to the contrary, it has made him a laughingstock, an object of derision and pity among his colleagues. It seems that
In the end, Mrs Maberley agreed to the rich sum of five thousand pounds, sufficient for a trip around the world in first-class style. In exchange for the cheque—the selfsame cheque delivered by Steve Dixie that morning, filled out under Mrs Maberley's watchful eye—the manuscript was duly produced. I seated myself on the hearthstone and commenced my task, burning it a few pages at a time. As I burned it, I could not help but glimpse its contents:
and his subsequent encounter with the Caligula of London, James Moriarty, a connection, sometimes tenuous but always present, had yet endured between us.
I leaned down and kissed him again. The kiss was tentative and fragile, so different from when I had confidently propositioned him in the months before I had met Mary. His words had been regretful, but he had not chosen to confess all and ask my forgiveness; he had crept in, a thief in the night, and been ambushed by my already knowing all. I could not be confident of him, nor whether he would hare off on his quest once more.
I could have brought
I could only regret that he had not confided in me. I never divined the sad history of Holmes' father from the journal's pages, although I gathered that he had disappeared under a cloud of suspicion when Holmes was a boy. Whatever had happened to his father, it clearly haunted him. I disliked the thought of him struggling alone under his burden, even if I could have been no material help to him — perhaps the sympathy of a friend could have eased his torment. At the very least, I could have worked with him to preserve his secrets and propagate only those stories which he wished propagated. I would have done at least that much, if asked.
He squeezed my hand. "Do not concern yourself. It'll pass off, soon enough. Here, you may take my pulse, if you wish. There, see? All is well."
"Dr Watson?" Mrs Hudson asked from behind me. She bore a tea service on a tray. "Are you quite all right?"
It was only due to some last tattered thread of sanity that I did not follow them both.
Fanciful indeed, for not only does the Tree allegedly grant the knowledge of the universe, but it shuns water and sunlight, and lives on darkness and lies. A lie,
He touched my cheek, the barest brush before he dropped his hand again. He looked down, and when he looked up again, his eyes overflowed with gratitude and affection.
"So you were," he replied, and kissed me again. "It was very charming, and more than a little gratifying. Perhaps you will find this afternoon's visit more interesting than I first feared."
and myself. That happy chance permitted us to lose him at Canterbury, whereupon we continued to Newcastle and Dieppe, bringing us without further incident to Brussels.
"Touch nothing, he said!" Exasperation was clear in her voice. "Leave it exactly as it is."
"Yes, mistress," Susan agreed, her voice despairing of mercy. She shifted restlessly on the horse, silently pleading for her mistress's touch.
"I think I know a man who can open this," I said, "but it may take some time to find him. I hope to be back tonight, but it may be late."
That's the most up-to-date signal code book," he advised me.
"You sure you're not looking for
Even as the girl howled for mercy, she was wagging her bottom for her mistress, inviting more abuse to rain upon it.
"No," I said more firmly, and refused to take what he tried to press upon me. "I do not want a friendship wherein I must hold hostage something dear to you in order to compel your good faith. If you intend to betray me…" I steeled myself against the pain in my heart. Once, I could not have imagined saying such a thing to him. "Better I should know now than later. No, you keep it. I shall send a note to Anstruther—"
The tree thrived during this period. Fed a painstaking diet of falsehoods, it grew prodigiously. As promised, Holmes made his bedroom over into a darkroom, disconnecting the gas as a safeguard against accidents and generously draping the door and windows with heavy theater curtains.
Holmes' next entry duly detailed the result of ingesting the fruit. It appeared that he had consumed it in his room while I, unsuspecting, read by the fire in the sitting room, "in easy shouting distance" should the fruit take him badly. That was Holmes' idea of proper precautions: I ruefully remembered the chances he used to take in his investigations, and the way he had relied upon me to extricate him from scrapes. I used to remonstrate with him for running such preposterous risks, even as I insisted that if he must run them, I must be permitted to run them with him. It made my heart ache to read of his eating an unknown fruit from Moriarty's own hand, and to know that I would never again chide him for such foolhardiness.
Holmes put the tree through an exacting set of trials, randomly "feeding" it lies and truths, attempting to discover if a lie was truly necessary to the tree's reproductive cycle. Much to his frustration and irritation, Holmes became convinced that Moriarty's assertion about the tree feeding on lies was fact, but was maddened by the absurdity of a plant knowing the difference between a lie and a truth. What could possibly be the mechanism for such a thing?
But there had been one thing more: a notebook, balanced on the lip of the urn. I groped for it in the dark, and when I found it, I grabbed it up and withdrew, drawing the shielding draperies closed after me. I escaped with my prize back through the dark bedroom, moving gingerly so as not to trip on tree roots, and into the light of the sitting room.
Mrs Maberley did not seem to find anything untoward about Holmes' speech, but I cut Holmes a sharp look, suspecting that Holmes had known this 'magnificent' Douglas Maberley rather more intimately than his mother knew.
I hardly knew what to think. A man who could cold-bloodedly menace and injure Mrs Hudson deserved no consideration from me, but to know that the grandiose tale of the "Napoleon of Crime" was another of Holmes' lies… And worse, not a lie driven by some high principle, but petty revenge! Not for the first time, I regretted bitterly the hold the tree had on Holmes, and the alterations it made to his character. And not just Holmes — Moriarty, too, seemed to have lost all reason under its influence.
I couldn't imagine what he thought to gain by asking such a question. "Do you want me to tell you not to do this? I will and gladly. Say the word, and I'll throw it into the fire now."
"Then what shall I do? That fiend must pay for what she did to my son!"
"Certainly," I said, and stood near his side, my hand still in his.
"My, how athletic," Holmes said, paling. His eyes met mine; my horror was no less than his. He turned to the footman. "Your mistress is very kind, but we hate to impose on her hospitality further."
Mrs. Klein tutted. "As many as you need, dear."
"Holmes?" I cried and dropped my axe.
Whereas for several days my bell had rung morning and night with new telegrams from Holmes, my bell was now silent. Had I offended him? Or did he now regret his earlier sentimentality? For two days I stewed in my anxiety. I would have written him a letter retracting all and begging his forgiveness; only his maxim against providing material for the blackmailer stayed my hand.
But before he could do so, Mrs Hudson interrupted us.
Mrs Klein rested a soothing hand on her back. "Our guests are watching. You do not wish to embarrass me, do you?"
"But you think we're looking for a sailor."
I remembered Harry Fortescue well, a meek and earnestly honest young man with his future before him. He had not been moved of his own volition to take a life that morning; in coming to Holmes the week before, in fact, he had done everything in his power to avoid it. But we had been too slow and ineffective to prevent the necessity, arriving only in time to prevent, through clever management, suspicion from falling on him. Perhaps he would have prevailed in a court of law, even despite the power and position of those who would be arrayed against him, but Holmes had preferred not to take the risk. Instead, he had appointed himself judge and me jury, and after we had acquitted Fortescue, Holmes saw to it that he was returned to the loving arms of his fiancée, never to be separated from her again.
Then again, later the same day:
Dismay pierced me — I had already reassured him once that I wouldn't stand in the way of the solution to his father's mystery. But this mania for the fruit's promises of arcane knowledge: that was more than the simple, honest need to know what happened to his father. I wondered then what lengths Holmes would go to, beyond even those he had already travelled, in his thrall to the Tree. But if I stood in his way now he would never forgive me, and I could not bear to lose him twice over.
(Even now it revives, new growth unfurling with the lie I have fed to it.)
A short railway journey and a shorter drive brought us to a brick and timber villa, standing in its own acre of undeveloped grassland.
"Thank you, but I'll likely be up very late with this," I said, and I tapped the notebook.
He watched me steadily for a long moment. "Give it here."
"I would be honoured to have you at my side. But you've been awake all night, and look done in. You should sleep first. The trance will require several hours, I imagine."
It occurred to me then that Mycroft Holmes might have kept Holmes' rooms undisturbed in order to protect the plant after Holmes' death. Possibly in accordance with his brother's wishes, or else from some motivation of his own. "Perhaps it's best that I explain about the chemicals to Mr Holmes."
I gestured at the drawing of the farmyard, resting atop the papers spread out on my desk. "And this farm is in Ireland?"
seemed to think it was Christian charity that motivated me on that occasion, but little did he know it was the Tree and its everlasting need for more untruths. But that was merely refusing to solve a crime, and I have not, after all, been put on this Earth to provide for the Yard's deficiencies.
I found Holmes in what had once been Mary's parlour, which now sat unused. He was standing in the center of the room, touching nothing, looking about him. I had done little to clear the room of Mary's things. In that respect, Mary's parlour was rather like Holmes' rooms in Baker Street, a memorial to the departed. Mary, however, would not  return miraculously from the dead. Unlike with Holmes, I had signed Mary's certificate and seen her laid to rest in the churchyard, where she was now presumably at peace.
"I love you, mistress," the girl whimpered.
"Then let her pay. She is still willing to buy your son's manuscript, and pay dearly for it besides."
"With the assistance of a trusted friend, I hope."
Holmes changed back into his more customary dress before we left, fighting through the foliage that blocked his wardrobe. Then he locked the door of his room with the key that all this time had been safe on his ring, no more lost than he was. We walked to my consulting rooms together, in silence for the most part, a silence not as companionable as it once had been. He did not take my arm, as had been his custom of old, but still it was good to walk beside him, to breathe the raw December air and look at the Christmas decorations in the shops, and to know that he lived. When we reached my newsagent's stand, it was a dull sort of shock to see that the man still wore a black armband for Holmes. I turned away, drawing Holmes to the other side of the street. He looked at me curiously, but did not argue.
"And I'll fetch the rat traps," she said. She whisked out of the room, and once again I faced the dark curtain across Holmes' doorway.
At last he put down the final page. He shut his eyes and stood with his fingertips on the stack of face-down pages, terribly still.
There, Mrs Hudson awaited me. "Well?" she asked, as I blinked owlishly in the light.
has always trusted that my deceptions arise from the best of motives. Perhaps that was once true, back when I was investigating the Tree's metaphysical properties, but now I fabricate falsehoods for personal gain. How else shall I describe my burning need to know, for once and for all, what became of Father? There are no possible benefactors to this question but Mycroft and myself, and the question does not haunt Mycroft as it does me. I have endeavoured to arrange matters so that I have told no lie that I cannot stomach, so that no innocents have been harmed by my deceptions, but still my motive poisons all. I am not the man my father intended me to become, and I regret it exceedingly.
"In his bedroom, aye. That would have been right close to the end. Almost as if he knew the end was coming."
Jealousy flared up in me and I stepped forward to block Barley's view. "Thank you kindly for coming out," I told him, with an eye still on the door. I fished in my pocket for the fee for his services: generous enough, but surely nowhere near what he was accustomed to make from his more usual — and more illicit — lock-cracking jobs.
"I am sorry too," I said. It was as close as I could come to expressing my grief on that point. "Come, we'll put your fruit in my safe, and you can borrow one of my nightshirts."
Holmes touched the well. "No. If the Tree is to be believed, he lies here, at the bottom."
"It's for Mr Holmes," he said, as if there were nothing strange in that. "Perhaps you'd like an armband yourself, sir," he suggested, offering me a selection of black crêpe. "Or a band for your hat? On the house, Dr Watson."
This is the first lie that it has cost me to tell. Moriarty has chided me for being too timid in my explorations, for being niggardly in my feeding of the Tree. This lie will never be widely known, God willing, but it is at least of importance to both
But it struck me then that he had arrived wearing a disguise, and waited to harvest the fruit until I had left his rooms unattended. It was not the work of a man who intended to stay and reveal himself to his friends. Presumably he had meant to fly after securing the fruit, and it was only by dumb chance and bad management on his part that I stood talking to him now.
On April the 24th, Holmes wrote:
"It would annoy Holmes exceedingly to find he's become a ghost, seeing that he never believed in them while he lived," I told Barley by way of reassurance.
"I'll deal with the chemicals," I reassured her. "You must keep everyone out until then. Meanwhile, I want to muffle this lamp, something to dim its light."
"Holmes!" I cried out, and tried to push my way to him. The branches, however, tore at me in a frenzy of terror, blocking my path, and I was much cut-up by their thorns by the time I gained the inner curtain. I pulled it back to find Holmes, stance wide and strong, steadily chopping the trunk of the Tree.
"I'll be careful," I promised.
Holmes agreed, and watched carefully as I locked it away. I did not hide the safe's combination from him — he might retrieve the fruit at any time he wished, even while I slept if he so chose, and disappear into the streets of London forever.
I was not as alert as I might have been: I looked up between one article and the next to discover that Holmes had covered his face with his arm and was silently weeping, as a schoolboy might in a dormitory.
But that had been years before Holmes' death, plenty of time for the experiment to fail and the tree be cleared away as so much rubbish. The tree's photophobic properties might interest the botanists at Kew, but surely that would not have held Holmes' interest so long? I flipped ahead, scanning the dates: the entries continued for years. Perplexed, I paged back to where I had left off.
He favoured me with a thin smile. "It will be all right, John. Trust me."
"Baggage! Tramp!" Mrs Klein shouted, catching up a wide paddle made of stiff leather. She walloped Susan's bottom with a frenzy of sharp cracks. "Rubbing yourself off like a common tart! How dare you?" She applied herself to Susan's bottom with all the energy of a reciprocating engine, while Susan wailed piteously, still grinding herself on the sawhorse. "Is this how you comport yourself in front of guests?"
published the story that should give it potency. Unfortunately, I had foolishly told Moriarty so in a letter, falsely believing him a fellow scientist. Within twenty-four hours of my writing, the fruit was stolen.
I made my way to her side. "Truly, Mrs Hudson. If we don't have it all disposed of by daylight, Baker Street will go up in flames."
"You can't take a light in there, he has… erm, photosensitive chemicals about."
Holmes went to the window and threw the sash up, letting in the night air and the poison fog it carried. He went to the next and did the same, and the same again with the third.
I hesitated, still unwilling to tell the truth. Indeed, the truth hardly seemed plausible. "Rats, I should think."
"Of course, the female canal is quite elastic," I said after a moment, having gathered my wits. As a medical man, I had rather more experience with the female body than Holmes did, so I felt competent to expand on the subject. "One only has to consider the miracle of birth, after all. It is not
She grinned back at him, not the least discomfited by our tableau. "That's my name. And it's a happy day for you two that I keep my hands out of other folks' business." She reached into her jacket and withdrew a cheque. "My mistress asked me to deliver this to you."
"You were writing about the Tree, were you not? And have been ever since you sent 'The Empty House' to your publisher, as if you could assuage your misgivings about its untruths by setting a more honest account down on paper. But this morning you have achieved that peculiar air, half satisfaction and half sorrow, that signifies you have at last come to the end of your tale. You looked at the urn in the bow window, which now contains an admirable aspidistra, and then you turned your contemplation on me. It was elementary that you should ask me if I regretted the Tree's destruction. I do not. I would have fed that Tree lies until my word was worthless, and I still would never have been satisfied with its answers. It is as well that it is gone. It was a mad time, and I have you to thank that it did not go on for longer."
Had to delete the poem excerpt from this chapter, but check out The Failed Romantic Contemplates Suicide by Jeff Mann sometime. The parallels with Sherlock are jaw dropping.
John’s heart ached.
“Yes,” he replied.
17 June 16:50
/ 3:46 PM
“But there’ll be no need for that,” Father added from over Sherlock’s other shoulder. “John is only waiting for your move.”
ready for a baby. The flat we haven’t even finished unpacking, except for all your delicate equipment and toxic chemicals, of course
Sherlock hesitated. The rules were so unclear. He’d held him just the night before (
That’s
“Can I…”
Then again, even slower, their bottom lips the single point of contact between their bodies, before finally...
/ 14:35
Everything ok?
Sherlock’s answering chuckle rumbled against John’s chest.
20 January 09:27
/ 11:21
Awwwwhh!! Congratulations to your lovely family!! What a beautiful photo!
Please arrive promptly and with all required documentation and identification, detailed in the attached pamphlet.
/ 11:57 AM
I've been forgetting to provide individual chapter warnings lately. My apologies. Warnings for this chapter: Suicidal ideation, referenced past abuse, referenced past homophobia, referenced past drug use
https://www.westminster.gov.uk/libraries
Tags: humor, crack, fluff, Mummy and Father Holmes, Mycroft Holmes
Will the couple please stand.
If he says yes
“Look, Sherlock, I’m just going to say it. Okay? Because we’re still talking around it after all this, and… I’m just going to say it.”
Go back and re-read the previous chapter to get in the right frame of mind.
Okay, fine. I…
“So don’t you dare pin this entire thing on me. Yes, I’m an assassin, a mercenary, but you’re no saint either, John Watson.” Her voice was hard and controlled, but even her professional mask couldn’t completely cover the hurt. “I was never anything more than a substitute, and once he came back I should have known I never had a chance. We should never have gotten married.”
By the time they’d finished several small plates and two excellent drinks each, John had relaxed enough to enjoy the whole point of the night: quality time with Sherlock. His gaze drifted from Sherlock’s sharp gray eyes down the line of his neck, lingering on the dip of his clavicle and the straining buttons over his chest as that rich voice carried him from course to course. These were his favorite sorts of moments, the moments where their friendship was an effortless flow of inappropriate laughter and charming banter. When the sous chef arrived to take them on their private tour it was like emerging from a hazy half-asleep daydream, their own private bubble.
,” Sherlock said, and dragged John to the bedroom, laughing the whole way.
Sherlock froze to keep the ashtray from falling and locked his eyes on John’s mouth, where his tongue darted out to wet his lips. John’s fingers stroked gently at the inside of Sherlock’s wrist, leaving him breathless and shivering, desperate to close the gap, to let the crystal shatter to the floor in exchange for the press of John’s mouth against his. They were so close, and John was smiling, his eyes still bright with mirth.
tell you about this, you know.”
John sat on the edge of the hotel room’s tiny bed, turning his phone over and over in his hands. It had been nearly a month since Mary’s death, but it felt like so much longer. A new city every day, airplanes, buses, disguises, completely alone. Almost alone.
Brings out eyes; flatters skin; dark color accentuates body shape; recently purchased and tailored; John tends to stand closer; Blue is calming/soothing; my favorite; goes well with scarf
Sherlock’s face broke out into a grin even as his breath hitched once, twice. He let the words hang in the air for a moment, let them have their own space and time, before he nudged his nose against John’s and spoke his own confession.
They crashed together in the center of the dance floor, John's arms winding around Sherlock's neck, fingers buried in dark curls. Sherlock pulled John to him with arms around his waist, dropped his head to John's shoulder and breathed, breathed in the scent of him and felt every tight thing in his chest begin to uncoil.
jolted back to joyous, disbelieving life.
"Call me if you change your mind, beautiful," Iain said. Then he leaned up and pressed his lips to Sherlock’s, a brief kiss that lingered, then lingered some more, edging quickly into something else altogether until a pointed clearing of John’s throat cut them off. When he leaned away, Iain let out a breath and shook his head ruefully.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “John.”
John nodded. “Not married to your work anymore?”
And with a saucy wink for Sherlock and a cheeky wave for John, Luke and Liam continued on down the street, leaving Sherlock and John in the crater left behind by their explosive revelations.
She waited. When no reaction came, she cut deeper.
"Was that kiss in there for show?" Sherlock asked, letting his hand drift south of John's belt buckle...
Appropriate [X]  Distracted [  ]  Short [  ]  Perservative [  ]  Intense [  ]  Other [  ]:
Sherlock blinked, finally met John’s eyes, all soft, confused, hopeful, unsure.
Maybe a little reminder of that would help Sherlock recover.
/ 12:11 PM
Well, Greg and I will take good care of her.
That said, I’ve been told by fellow analysts that I might have a second career in writing romance novels, so I give you my thanks for that. It's as good a retirement hobby as any.
"If you need to get out of there tonight, just say blue carbuncle, okay? We'll leave right away, promise."
“You want my mouth, too,” Sherlock gasped as John tongued at his nipple and worked his hand over him. He grabbed John and rolled them over, slid down his body with harsh, open-mouthed kisses for each of his hipbones. “You want to erase the taste of him, the feel of him. Make me completely yours.”
/ 19:49
“Of course,” Mycroft replied, drawing a small, wrapped package from his pocket. “Would you like it under the tree?”
Or perhaps recognition for his brilliance, no matter how much Sherlock enjoyed it, wasn’t the kind of affirmation he needed. Maybe he wasn’t saying the right things.
"Were you really that... promiscuous in the army?" Sherlock asked, pulling away slightly. His voice was flat and uninterested, completely at odds with his words. John's heart panged, and he set the scotch down to reach under the table with his free hand. He rested it on Sherlock's knee and squeezed, running his thumb along the outer seam of Sherlock's trousers.
[JW puts down his pack and box. SH turns back to RW and kisses her on the top of her head, then stands and brings her to JW. JW kisses both of them, then takes RW from SH.]
(...)
“Not too early, though!” Mr. Holmes chimed in with a wink for his son. John flushed. Dear god, he was in on it, too.
John swayed on the spot and let out a pained little sound.
(Watson cuts him off with a brief touch of his arm)
“Don’t care,” Sherlock grumped. He flopped back on the bed beside John and curled his long form around him. “I want to stay here.”
Please read the end note for important information.
“I’m gonna fuck you so good,” he growled. “You’re gonna love it, gonna beg for my cock, gonna make you feel so fucking good, Sherlock.”
/ 3:38 PM
I think I’ve finally dealt with it all, though. I went to my father’s grave on Sunday and shouted at him until I was hoarse. Told him I turned out to be a filthy queer anyway, and he’s dead, and there’s nothing he can do about it anymore. When I went out with Molly the other night? We went to a gay bar. I needed to know if I could be publicly thought of as queer. If I could be out. Completely out.
. How delicious those words were in John’s mouth.
, Sherlock, it
Only one way to find out.
bored
“—but I found myself unbearably curious. And you did leave me your address and phone number, after all. Really, you invited me. And you certainly know how to leave an impression, Sherlock Holmes."
This allowed me to gently steer the conversation toward the letters he has been receiving, rather than sending. Sherlock is worryingly unconcerned about John’s past physical violence, seemingly excusing it as something he deserved for being “a difficult person” or for his role in John’s wife’s death. This, combined with Sherlock’s suicidal past and readiness to sacrifice himself for others without hesitation, is my primary concern. Sherlock does not seem to have any concept of his inherent worth, only worth associated with the services he provides to others. When faced with this, Sherlock was puzzled. He is unable to separate himself from his work, viewing himself as a tool with a purpose rather than a person with a life. We concluded our session with a discussion on the differences between self-esteem and self-worth, with emphasis on the fact that having one doesn’t mean you have the other.
"Justifying your mischief arguing that it was for an experiment. Did your experiment include sticking a monstrous dildo up your arse? Because if that's the case, I need to know. A reference like that will be convenient at the moment, so … Sherlock Holmes, is it bigger than John's member?"
” - he was interrupted.
” – John counterattacked.
"My good boy.", he said, amused.
– John repeated while fingering him once again, this time more aggressively. Sherlock emitted a primal sound right from the deepens of his gut, but once he calmed himself a bit… he nodded.
“Sir? … Is everything ok?”
John was sure there must have been a way to save that sound to use as a ringtone later. As Greg continued his ministrations interspersing sizes, textures and lengths of each digit preparing Sherlock, John lowered him to the floor enclosing his face between his hands, forcing him to focus only on his mouth. With each moan, with the relentless effort, his voice quickly became a squeak.
“Come, quick”
John snorted –
He approached Sherlock but suddenly stop –
, last time”, he laughs at the absurdity of that phrase, of course it couldn’t be their last time, they had had at least thirty “
If you've read my other works ... I SPECIALIZE IN BOTTOM JOHN! ... I strongly recommend that if you desperately need a TOP JOHN - PLEASE ask someone else, PLEASE read someone else ... I can write it but will never describe it as good as you need. I love John to be fucked. I'm so sorry! Please, stop telling me, "I hope it gets better and John fucks Sherlock harder."
– Mycroft tried to ease him.
Few times did Sherlock feel the need not to fight what was happening around him; he blindly trusted the hands that ran through while the cold touched his skin. He recognized the familiar and timeless smell of Lestrade's low tar cigarettes, cheap coffee notes and his unique, clean manliness; his touch, on the other hand, was something entirely new. The rough hands that caressed his legs slowly removing his pants and trousers, lasciviously approaching his crotch and then slowly backing down.
It did not take me long to discover what the thieves had taken: the most recent fruit, a prize so specialised that there is hardly but one person to suspect of the crime. Indeed, Mrs Hudson's description of the older thief matched Moriarty exactly. I spent a year cultivating this particular fruit and had high hopes for it; only this week,
offered me the most compelling proofs.
The very correct footman nodded and produced our hats without a whisper of a smile, but I could swear she laughed to herself. Nevertheless, we did not stand on our pride: Mr Sherlock Holmes was no slower than I in fleeing the scene.
"I was sorry to hear of your bereavement," he said quietly, and grief for Mary rose in me fresh and new, along with a new burst of anger. Holmes had heard of her death while he was gone, then, and chose to stay away. I did not know why that should wound me so, not when he had chosen to make me grieve his false death in the first place, but wound me it did.
today. He has been removed from his Chair, his professional reputation in tatters.
It was not only Holmes who seemed in thrall to the plant's fruit. Holmes wrote, not long after acquiring the tree:
The words wounded me, but convinced me more than ever that he was not himself. "Holmes, the drug is still upon you," I pleaded. "Stay here for the night, just until—"
But he was taking me into his confidence now.
The roots and branches seemed to emanate from a screened shape in the corner, heavily draped as a secondary prophylactic against any light leaking from the door or windows. Closing the lantern's shade almost completely, I made my way past the clinging vines and pulled the drape aside.
A grey dawn was rising beyond the sitting room windows, washing out the yellow of the street lamps. My coffee-pot was cold; I poured anyway and discovered that it contained only a sad, gritty mud. I stood to instead pour myself a brandy from Holmes' tantalus, my shaking hand unerringly searching out the key from its customary place. As I poured, I was keenly aware that I was making free with the property of a man who still lived. But Holmes had never begrudged me a drink while he lived. He lived now; ergo, he would not begrudge me a brandy now, either.
— John Milton,
"Dr Watson," Mrs Hudson exclaimed in surprise when she answered the door to my harried ring of the bell.
No? It is my masterwork, Holmes, detailing a new branch of mathematics, beyond the reach of all but the finest European mathematicians. That is what the tree has given me: the greatest mathematical truths, the original language of Creation!"
"I imagine he found his labour on his book very taxing," Holmes sympathised.
"And so I would. Scotland, too, if that would help. We'll find his bones, Holmes. And when we do, it may yet become clear for what reason and with what intent your father left the hall that morning, and who prevented him from coming back."
It is true:
Barley flashed me a quick grin. "Not for the likes of me, Doctor. But it's a good thing I brought my special kit."
"You are skeptical. Come, let us test the proposition. I shall tell it a lie, and when the Tree fruits, you shall test the fruit yourself."
was forced upon the rocks off the Breton coast. Nearly all hands were lost, but a few souls survived the shipwreck, Sherrinford among them, only to become guests of Napoleon.
Again
It was for the best that Mrs Hudson's telegram arrived before I was properly settled before the fire; left to my own devices, I would have spent the evening wallowing in my griefs. But I put on my hat to go back out: Mrs Hudson had endured much while we roomed with her, and I had further inconvenienced her with the publication of my stories — it was, after all, her address that was named within them, not my own. While Holmes lived, the stories had been good advertising for his practice, but I fear that after his death, my chronicles became a nuisance to her. Unfortunately, Holmes' final wishes had implored me to continue publishing. I had ceased mentioning Mrs Hudson's address, of course, but desperate supplicants still called at her door, seeking Holmes' assistance.
But with the windows boarded over, there was no other exit from that room. Making as much noise as I had before, I went to the sitting room door and opened and shut it again. Then I crept back to Holmes' bedroom door. I tucked myself against the wall beside the door and reversed the axe in my hand, so that I might use its handle as a club.
What I could have done to avert that fate I did not know, but to have held in my hands the cause of Holmes' death… Even at the remove of two years, I despaired of my impotence. I had kept the box safe for him, but been utterly unable to help him in his hour of greatest need.
The scent of those shut-up rooms, however, was distinctive and new. I had expected must and damp, or perhaps the distinctive aroma of Holmes' tenure in Baker Street, chemical reagents and shag tobacco. Instead, a cold, medicinal scent filled the room. It reminded me of mint or wintergreen, while not being so pleasant as either.
"In the garden shed," she said, and I pushed past her to the back of the house.
Despite the poor and depressing aspect of the exterior, the interior of the house was well-furnished, and the lady who received us was a most engaging elderly person, who bore every mark of refinement and culture.
His mouth twisted, and his thumb stroked my cheek. "It's no matter. Now we must get these curtains down."
I will not chronicle the details of what ensued: Holmes was not himself, and I will not violate his confidence, not even in a private and otherwise candid account; the clinical notes I have entered into his lab notebook will have to suffice on that front. He was much agitated by the drug, and paced restlessly like a caged lion. Indeed, his eyes took on a golden, leonine glow that I could not attribute entirely to the firelight. When not pacing the room, Holmes wrote madly at my desk, filling a great many sheets of foolscap. Sketches, too, fell from his pen. More than once he attempted to escape from the room, and twice I was required to coax him away from the door, lest he damage his hands on it. Sometimes he addressed me with great ferocity; other times he seemed very nearly himself, but for the nonsensicality of the exchange. But while Holmes sometimes raged — at his captivity, at my inability to answer his questions — I was never afraid for my person. In that aspect alone, he remained himself.
"No, mistress, please," Susan said, cringing before her mistress's displeasure. She lifted her bottom in supplication, offering it to the rod. Her oyster still oozed its juices. "That was one, mistress, thank you."
The grey dawn barely penetrated the recesses of the shed, but I found the axe. I caught it up and reversed my steps, taking the stairs to Holmes' rooms two at a time in my eagerness to revenge myself upon the Tree.
"Stand down, Watson," called out a long-forgotten voice, achingly familiar in its note of command. My heart leapt in recognition. "I have no wish to be struck down in my own rooms."
As the entries proceeded, Holmes became ever more eager to taste each new fruit, and ever more credulous about what the visions might mean. He recorded one occasion that I had caught him in the dreaming trance of the drug. "Morphine," he had told me, then turned around and whispered the same lie to the tree, chasing another fruit and another so-called Truth. That fruit Holmes thought especially potent, which he attributed to my repeating it in my account of
Susan went to the settee, and positioning herself between Mrs Klein and the Duke, gracefully lowered herself to her knees: a feat of control and strength as great as any acrobat's, given that she could not move one foot more than eight inches away from the other. Once she was settled at her mistress's feet, Mrs Klein reached out and stroked her hair, and Susan bent her head to the touch.
"Then you know me less well than you should. Holmes, I would never have stood between you and the solution to your father's mystery, whatever it is you're questing to solve."
He sighed, and folded himself into my desk chair. I poured him a fresh cup of tea, still warm from under its cosy, and he took it gratefully, breathing its steam while he gathered his thoughts.
Mrs Hudson was waiting for me. "What's making the noise?"
Whereas he had needed a credulous vessel to receive of his lies, and that duty had fallen to me. I remembered how I had called out Holmes' name in Switzerland beside the Falls, desperate for an answer. Had he heard me and turned away? I could not fault his need for answers to his father's disappearance, but I could still wish he had taken me into his confidence.
He pursed his lips, drawn into the old argument. "That was necessary. I was laying a trap for a poisoner."
"I don't know. It's pitch-black in there. Holmes has done something to the windows, and I can't get the gas to light."
Mrs Hudson pursed her lips. "He's had the gas disconnected in there for years. Said it made him nervous to sleep with it, he'd seen too many murders done by gas. He boarded up the windows, too."
"Mr Holmes!" she said, coming to take Holmes' hands.
I glanced at the chair where I had left his notebook, sudden guilt rising in me — he had not wanted me to know about his father. Some of his secrets concerned me, and arguably I had a right to those, but his family secrets were another matter. "All of it," I admitted.
"Nevertheless," I said. I touched his hand in sympathy, and he turned his to briefly return the touch.
I have acquired said copy of
What possessed me to tell the lie, I could not have said. Perhaps it was a jealous need to protect Holmes' secrets. But dead men have no secrets, as Barley had pointed out. Whatever the impulse, the lie slipped out of my mouth, and I felt no urgency to take it back.
He is
But then Holmes wrote:
I sprang to my feet, my poker jutting out before me, but with an enviable coolness, Holmes sat back on his heels and indicated himself.
It was shame that stopped me — shame over the lies I told him, shame over the times I made him an unwitting accomplice to my schemes.
"Yes, mistress, please mistress," Susan breathed, and waggled her hips in entreaty, her nether lips cascading with her dripping lust. She dared to rub her purple and throbbing plum against the horse—but Mrs Klein either did not see or did not mind, she instead being engaged with the footman.
was much confused by my insistence on the point. "We've shared a bed before, Holmes; why are you making such a fuss now about sharing a room?" I had no answer for him, and we ultimately were forced to share a double-bedded room, giving me no privacy whatsoever.
I ducked my head in embarassment, although there was nothing but understanding and affection in Holmes' eyes. As the air in his rooms had cleared during the night, the Tree's vapours gradually replaced by London fog, the narcotic effect passed and I became myself again, if somewhat chagrined at how easily I had fallen prey to the Tree's seductions.
"Deeper, John!" he ordered, "Take it, take it all!"
I am not so rude as to deny my hostess's wishes, so I made myself comfortable in Holmes' lap. I was surprised to discover him already half-hard against my back; I entertained myself by squirming against him, and was rewarded with a kiss for my trouble.
"Yes, very," I answered. To my confusion, I saw that the
"All the more reason for me to be present, to prevent you from hurting yourself."
For myself, I believed not a word of it. It was clear that Holmes did, but it was also clear that Holmes had fallen under the force of the fruit's drug. He wrote of the tree whispering to him, calling to him, begging to be fed another lie. That the tree’s drug was potent, I had no doubt: I myself had experienced the same effects, merely from breathing air heavy with its vapors. (On that thought, I opened a window and dragged my chair closer to it.)
He was gleeful and unrepentant of his crimes, his eyes still gold from the fruit, and he did not attempt to conceal from me what he had done. He showed no remorse for Mrs Hudson's fright and injuries, and insisted that his need for the fruit was greater than mine. His minions threw me out, but I am pleased to say that before they did, I was able to revenge myself on Mrs Hudson's assailant.
"But come, if you have quite finished, let me take you to Simpson's for lunch, and then to a matinee. Tchaikovsky is being performed, and I should very much like you to hear it."
"I'm afraid, yes."
"But not ice-cream or any other specifically conventional food intended for human consumption typically in a non-sexual context? … that's ridicule…"
"An orgy?! The old man painted orgies!?" laughed an astounded Lestrade.
"Wait, what about Sherlock?", asked John.
Each and every one of Mycroft's features began to contort, handpicking the best way to take revenge against his own blood.
Mycroft looked perplexed.
“I will require you to be more specific.”
Even calmer than before, he returned to his spot and retook the pencil. It took him a little longer than it should have to settle down and resume activities. The notebook now trying to hide his excitement. John noted with amuse how Mycroft was finding increasingly more challenging to maintain the composure and stoicism he was always supposed to present.
and Sherlock sprinted up the flat almost making John stumble down the stairs, running to lock himself in their old joined bathroom.
And that phrase was all it took for John Watson to come inside Sherlocks, filling both with waves of pleasure.
One on each side of Sherlock, in perfect sync, Greg and John lined up to.
“Your embrace and scent assure me you’re here… I know you’re going to fade away. This cottage, the fireplace, your hideous matching socks and jumpers… feels like …”
“Perhaps we can come to an arrangement; I'm thinking about getting something more complex than any of these pieces ... would you be willing to talk about my vision and other payment methods?” Greg sniggered, “please say yes; I don’t know how long I can keep talking like I have a stick up my arse.”
He was sure that they couldn’t have navigated their entire life without uninterrupted happiness. Still, he prayed
Mycroft made all the pertinent arrangements to make sure none of the guards ever questioned the monthly visits of his three guests: Greg Lestrade, John Watson and Sherlock Holmes. Special instructions were given to omit any type of interruption, no matter what anyone heard, while the four of them were together inside the flat.
John scoffed at the affirmation. Sherlock approached him slowly and gently made him lift his face to meet his eyes.
"I thought it was about someone FALLING FROM wuthering heights!"
– John huffed.
- he interrupted John’s rant-
John obeyed and arched his back. Once he was naked, Sherlock shifted himself to sit on the carpet and made John do the same, hugging him.
that could be used to ease the way up to their release.
Sherlock's mouth was torn between trying to kiss John properly or get enough air to breathe.
said while being interrupted by another awful set of coughs.
Immediately having realized his mistake; Mycroft furiously crossed out the word and wrote a side note:
just a memory in everybody’s mind.
A few months ago, it was late at night when both burst through to the flat in a rush to retrieve a blood vial recklessly stolen by Sherlock from a perfectly labelled box as
was unnecessarily emphasised.
He couldn’t do anything. This time he truly couldn’t fix everything, especially Sherlock’s broken heart.
The luck was thrown; the four men looked at each other as the youngest among them tried to run away; somewhat for the thrill of the chase as part of the game, and because he realized he had talked too much and too soon… a very recurring mistake in his life. They caught and pinned him against the wall. Sherlock grunted as his face was smacked repeatedly against the cold concrete forcing him to calm down and cooperate. John grabbed him by back of his neck, almost spraining his arm until he was knees down on the floor. He was let go until an irritated huff left his mouth letting the rest know he was willing to cooperate.
While Greg and John finally agreed the best way to bring the precious thing beneath them to climax was to pound simultaneously, Sherlock managed to shake off a bit and hold onto Mycroft.
“Youthful misdemeanours.” Mycroft laughed.
His member was on the verge of exploding by the sole idea of what else was Lestrade planning.
– John sipped –
“I'm not sure you can afford my honoraries, Detective Inspector.”
"Do it, or I'll tell Greg what you've been working on for the past two months."
"I need references; anatomical references…", was an utterly reliable excuse.
"Dicks, lots of dangling, swollen, palpitating, leaking fat cocks." John's mortifying request made him retreat again in search of more alcohol.
"Bigger than what?"
“Cheekbones; your backside reminds me when mummy forced me to change your nappies. You used to piss all over me. I still think it was on purpose.” Mycroft licked his lips.
A cute smile appeared on the corner of Sherlock’s mouth –
was the first to choose how this was going to evolve.
Okay, it was indeed shorter than Greg's but
“I don’t like not knowing what’s going on with you and me.”
- Sherlock laughed.
They decided the best way to celebrate and see the finished work would be to gather in the place where everything happened.
, you cease all movement at that precise second and resume until I say so. This is a craft that demands precision; this requires patience, dedication, respect of the process, are we clear?"
As Sherlock's breathing became hastier, he couldn't help but turn to see Lestrade dead in the eye.
John joined Mycroft at the other side of the bed cupping Sherlock’s cheek.
“Fair enough Mr Lestrade”, and they went back inside.
“Hey, it’s not cheap!”.
“Well… that’s not something I could read from the fluffs on your clothes or your fingerprints; what else are you giving away?”
“Are you going to tell me where are we going? I could’ve requested a car…”
A deep, forceful lips crash. The unmistakable taste of blood from a well too passionate bite.
“Thought you were ready to lecture me about the dangers of smoking.”
Anthea’s voice echoed under the silence in the room.
Even though the rhythm sounded mouth-watering, and John's cock was beginning to turn dangerously reddish, the growing pool of semen between his legs served as a warning that John was still using all of his willpower to stay in place. John was sure that if he could rub himself, he wouldn't spend half a second before spitting all on Sherlock and ruining Mycroft's moment of contemplation. A guttural cried escaped his throat.
Kissing his way up to John's ear, each by each vertebra, he whispered, “Make him come, but don’t swallow.”
– Mycroft said while typing something in his phone –
"Good, don't swallow… keep it there; good …”
He knew they were supposed to "work" and Mycroft had given them precise instructions but…
“We had gotten three new anatomy books, and they all differed slightly in terms of heart rate at different pressure points in the body, especially in the anterior cervical region …"
He pulled himself from the tongue getting into his throat and pinned Sherlock’s arms above him while kissing his neck, leaving a trace of marks and bites all along down his collarbone. His other hand started to rub Sherlock’s cock above the fabric of his trousers. Sherlock let out a loud moan as he wrapped his leg around John’s waist. Damn, in fact he was short.
John burst laughing, “Shit! That’s brilliant!”
While Sherlock kept struggling to get a little friction, whatever it was, whatever life wanted to give him; John interrupted his ministrations as he held and squeezed it.
The way his eyes closed with each drag making his chest contract, his leg bend by the knee. How much this would've helped during med school long study nights. He could have invented a new system to catalogue and explain the Lower Muscular System; 5 quids for a seat.
he said, breathing heavily.
– said the youngest paramedic who was with the forensic team.
“No, I work better when I can see exactly how my art comes to life. So, I will need models, but more importantly, I
"What?!"
For such a small man, John Hamish Watson’s arms were strong enough to protect Sherlock from his demons; nevertheless … the detective didn’t say a word.
But the good doctor took all his remaining bravado, drawing back his attention to Sherlock’s perfectly toned legs, pulling out his tongue in shape to lick his way up to an anatomy class like those he always would’ve wanted to impart.
Sherlock sat, planted his feet, inviting him to let go.
"Glad to see you're still a vegetarian. Now please hold it."
Mycroft considered his next question for a total of 0.02 seconds, “How about later?”
He would never be sure what did the trick. If it was the sudden discovery of how good a kisser Lestrade was, the taste of Sherlock still present in his mouth, how the channel of muscles around his penis contracted or Mycroft's gasp of surprise. Whichever it was, John came with a force never felt before.
“Surely, but I meant you haven’t taken a shower in the past four days and haven’t eaten more than half an apple, cold tea, two aspirins, a bar of expired chocolate and cheap scotch”.
he still had in his mouth. He, of course, had not managed to leave it intact and had swallowed a significant amount that only managed to excite him more, knowing that it came from the man he was clinging to.
But his final masterpiece consisted of nothing more than pure genius …
- he hissed and grabbed Sherlock by the hair again, using his head as an anchor.
Greg shuddered and obliged, shoulders falling back.
“The rest is just details I’m not sure my mind fabricated or fragments I tried to adjust and convince myself it wasn’t as bad as I remember” his brow furrowed, “I was dragged downstairs, and the next morning, Mycroft was in a train to somewhere I didn’t know, and then, he went abroad for seven years.”
For Sherlock, it seemed like his brother, who have read the greatest authors of all time, recited, written, declaimed, versed and studied in fine arts and good things, all that could be called posh was possibly in Mycroft’s personal cultural heritage… finally found his better half to fornicate as plebeians, letting the all the neighbours know of their dirty affairs.
You know what that means!? No more cases for you either!
asked Sherlock
"What? Your rambling 'ts taking too long. Shall we use that leather-sofa like
John reached down to brush the sweaty curls away from his face and stared at him. He needed to make sure Sherlock knew he wasn’t lying. He could see his flushed cheeks, dilated pupils and increased heart-beat. He couldn’t help smiling at the sole thought of how freeing was to finally say it out loud.
Indeed, if there was a God watching, then elegance and manners could very well go fuck themselves, he had work to do, and his brain needed to keep cooperating soothingly! “Wait not here, bedroom, now.” he spun on his heels before remembering manners, “if you all please.”
Sherlock fell to his knees, clutching himself. Sobbing.
– said the older Holmes while Lestrade lit a cigarette, gave it a puff and passed it to Mycroft who gracefully accepted and did the same.
“Who?”
– laughed John.
– and Sherlock dig his tongue deeper in John’s mouth
“Just so you know, it’s not,” said Greg, chewing on something quite rubbery.
There is a moment in the life of every man in which he must suppress an erection for two hours (or more) to not distract the attention from what is really important. That night, Sherlock was that person. He was dying to tear off Watson's clothes every time he mentioned how they had spent seventy-two hours without sleeping, taking care of the wounded ones, pulling out bullets with his own hands and fighting not to pass out due to fatigue.
“Oh no, I'm really looking forward to fucking John!”
– John froze for a second –
John had to admit Sherlock made perfect sense, “… and then?”
A sudden thought stroked him.
Sherlock took him into his mouth, and every time he felt like he was about to choke and tried to withdraw, John's hand stopped him in place, pushing himself deeper into Sherlock's throat.
John put his hands right below Sherlocks arse as he lifted him. He removed the cock ring with his mouth and started slowly sucking him. It didn’t even take him one minute before coming all over John’s mouth. Sweet taste of pleasure.
"Hey! Quit it, are you afraid of spontaneous combustion if you stop being a jerk for five minutes?"
“Why would your…”
– he took of this jacket and put it around Sherlock’s shoulders
“The numbness… first I thought it was dehydration but … it’s like I’m not even here anymore.” – Sherlock snuggled even more.
“God, no! the useful one!”
Sherlock could only stare at John’s broken self.
“Depends entirely on who you ask,” he said, lifting his gaze, cutting an even smaller piece of duck, using the same seductive mannerism. His tongue became a hook, catching and constricting the bite; swallowing audibly, making his Adam’s apple bob.
“Sorry?” Mycroft wasn't used to rambling so much in such a short time.
“You’re holding the bottleneck, and I don’t see a coaster or some overly pretentious glass…” Greg unwittingly became good at reading his distress signals; it wasn't like they were in short supply either.
“That would be lovely” – was this really happening?
“You actually made something nice for me … I can’t wait to see how all this turns against me”
His gaze found John’s confused eyes.
After two more hours of sketching, Mycroft realized with regret he was just another human as he noticed how much his hand began to hurt; it was time to turn to mundane remedies for cramps.
After Greg went chasing Mycroft, John and Sherlock glided gracefully to the floor, soaking in postcoital glory. Any other time would have been the perfect occasion to take a nap; at the moment, it seemed a bit odd with the
Wild sex was a much better "Thank You" than a fruit cake.
It hurt like hell that Lestrade was the one kneeling next to him, rubbing his back, gently loosening his hands from John’s body. It hurt so much there would not be more long comforting talks and cups of tea upon arriving to Baker Street after an exhaustive day.
He was on the verge of coming, struggling to match words.
Would it be too late to catch up with Greg and get a candy bar too?
Sherlock escaped from Lestrade’s embrace and threw himself to the paramedic. He beat him merciless until his nose was broken, dripping with fresh blood, coughing in shock. Lestrade and two other police officers retrieved Sherlock trying to contain his fury.
– a smirk in the corner of his mouth.
"Then call Anthea, tell her a family thing arose and you will need to be off-duty, completely unbothered for a whole month while taking care of blah blah insert excuse of your preference blah blah, sincere regards and affection. Do it."
John was pleasantly surprised by the gesture.
“Yes, I got a bit carried away.”
However, he always found at least a spare second to ask himself (and of course, self-flagellate) - Why?! - Why did he have to find any valid reason to put a name to something indescribable? How could he name the urge to suppress the utter joy of Sherlock holding him by the wrist knowing perfectly that Mycroft, in an instant, would lose the battle against his better judgment; he would give in sliding his hand up so their fingers could entwine.
"Lube…", the word came hoarse, as he cleared his throat, "we need lube", and looked around for anything (
“It started innocently, a night I had a nightmare. One time became too many times,” Sherlock suddenly seemed to have a hard time finding the right words so that it was impossible to get misunderstood, “I sneaked to Mycroft’s room, constantly, needless to say, I was always welcome.” and that particular memory seemed like a specially difficult one.
When all finally heard the sound of paper turning and granite scribbling, the
– and John’s moans were silenced by Sherlock grabbing his jaw and pulling his head back much more down his own shoulder, licking his jaw line.
"Of course you are." Mycroft blushed a bit, "But it's your turn; let me see."
“Do you need my written consent?! harder, harder, you posh fuck!”
"It's cold and tacky!"
savagely fucked. He hoped the phrase –
“Brilliant, now I feel like I…”-
Mycroft stumbled up to him, holding him tight, just as he did with John a few hours ago. He was hoping his own heartbeats would help Sherlock to remember he was still alive, and selfishly needed to stay that way. Lestrade decided to stare them from afar.
“I … I …” said while flushing obscenely.
"Hmmm … pity."
He tried to fix Sherlock’s mess of curls as he cupped his cheeks and kissed him tenderly. Sherlock took the opportunity and shifted John, grabbing him by the waist, putting him back against the front of the couch. He straddled John and kept going with the interrupted snogging.
Even if he couldn’t see what he was doing, the way Greg moved exuded manliness and control; the way his legs supported him and every muscle contracted; the perfection of an exquisite body beyond lithographs, archival images or marble statues. Greg was the perfect image of a muse-embodiment for modern times.
– said Mycroft starting to get blushed.
“I do like marble…”
“I’ve always found charming the idea of the artist itself than the artist’s work.”
"Whoa! Hang on; I never gave my consent to participate in an orgy. That goes beyond …" Greg's tone of voice began to rise.
John realized he was definitely overreacting.
Greg, content without taking delight in fame and fortune beyond knowing himself desired by who, in his opinion, was the most demanding audience, remained silent.
until they were sure no one was following them.
– another moan left his throat while stroking himself a bit faster –
"Oh ... kinky," praised Sherlock.
A smirk appeared in his face, a lovely sight that Sherlock was worried could never get soon enough again. He gently took him by the hand, led him to the bathroom and helped him strip. They moved in silence. Sherlock traced smooth strokes against each of John’s tight muscles. John rested his head on the edge of the bathtub, sit while Sherlock washed him, making sure of never leaving him untouched; for some reason, this gesture felt extremely important.
“I don’t have sex to clear my head during cases. Imagine the time taken away from The Work.”
“It was simple really, I just-“ He just couldn’t remember any of the details from the case. His brain coming up with a long blankness of words. Sherlock blamed it on John. Sometimes when John would stand too close to him, stare at him for too long, or his voice would deepen Sherlock’s mind would stutter. He would lose his train of thought for a few second before getting it back in line, but this, this was too long.
John had gotten up to follow him. He was standing too close, which was funny because Sherlock usually is the one that stands too close. Real funny, not the mug funny. Closeness used to make John uncomfortable. It still can make John uncomfortable, but in a different way. A way that made John’s pulse start to pick up, his eyes dilate. Sometimes John would find an excuse to go to his room. Sherlock needed an excuse.
John went through the motions of taking a shower and doing some minor chores while trying to simultaneously not pay too much attention to Sherlock, while also not paying too little. He wanted to appear as normal and uninteresting to the detective as possible. This resulted in a lot of ambling in the middle of the room looking desperately around for something to do. The stress was proving to be more of a paralytic than anything. His thoughts were moving too quickly to actually pick an activity. When Sherlock moved from the kitchen to the living room all hope was lost.
John laughed like it was nothing. “Gag gift from Greg.”
“No. Yes. Well… yes.” John tried to take in the color of the wallpaper, but couldn’t find a way to discontinue his study of Sherlock. Sherlock who hadn’t taken a shower yet today. His hair more on the messy side of things as a result. A hint of stubble along his jawline. No one had a right to be that attractive under this kind of lighting but he pulled it off effortlessly.
Even as he leaned in, and brushed their lips softly against each others.
“How’s that?” John asked, his words playful even when Sherlock was being anything but. It drew them back into neutral territory.
This was not good.
John found it harder than usual to not watch his flatmate even though his current actions were incredibly mundane. It felt more like Sherlock was playing Russian Roulette or something equally as dangerous. Who the gun happened to be aimed at remained unclear. Regardless, John was at the edge of his seat waiting for a phenomena that would cause heart pounding excitement.
Sherlock appeared to once again not have taken his presence into account. He was completely captured by his microscope and whatever slides lay beneath. There was an entire container with more slides to his left that was temporarily unattended. Sherlock had a pad of paper and was scribbling with his right hand.
Sherlock paused. “What else am I supposed to be asking?”
offers you any of
Sherlock did a double take at John’s hands. “New mug?” Sherlock questioned his voice too sharp and accusatory for the confusion he felt. John always used the same mug with the same patriotic symbol. This one read ‘World’s Best Husband’ across it in bold letters.
He wondered if that is what he looked like at crime scenes. Astute, focused… devoted. Sherlock looked up towards the ceiling and willed his breathing to be kept at an even pace. This world’s edges felt blurred under the kind of attention he was currently receiving from his flatmate.
Sherlock glanced up glaring slightly with impatience. “What?” It was meant to be something other than the panted wisp of a word that came out.
“Sherlock.”
“We can’t it’s empty-“ John froze causing Sherlock to as well. The doctor’s brows were scrunched together as if he didn’t understand. Sherlock didn’t understand either. “I mean here, here is fine. Now,” he punctuated the last word by deepening his voice impossibly lower in the way John liked.
“Funny.”
“Other things?”
“You know… Other things.” John was emphasizing the word other things with a specific meaning that might have been difficult to decipher if you weren’t the world’s only consulting detective. John hadn’t known he’d wanted to ask this until the very moment he had. This may have been what had really been bothering him the entire time.
Blinked.
John’s heart warmed, filled to bursting.
“Red wine for Christmas,” he said slowly, with a drawn-out smile to match. His eyes were so warm, liquid and dark. Sherlock couldn’t look away, awaiting John’s verdict with all the tension of a plucked violin string. John’s thumb brushed slowly across the bowl of the glass, then his smile widened. “It’s perfect. Is it ready to drink yet?”
The phone call and case were like a dash of ice water after their intimate dinner. John had glared at the phone when it appeared in Sherlock’s hand, but his irritation softened at Sherlock’s slight hesitation, the cut of his eyes over to John’s before accepting the case.
They were seated, mostly still, but a maelstrom of light and motion swirled between them. That evening they had run, they’d fought, they’d joined the flow of London in all its chaotic glory.
/ 12:03 PM
Transport: 200/mo
John met his gaze and held it, refused to look away.
“That’s for round two. Just fingers now. I’ve always wanted you in me, John, please, just—ah!”
020 7641 6200
/ 20:00
This couldn't be mistaken. This would be a marked deviation from their standard pattern. It would be noticeable.
John looked up, a question on the tip of his tongue, but Sherlock leaned forward before he could ask, until his lips were right next to John’s ear.
"You promised," Sherlock definitely did not whine, but he did... squeeze John's hand back ever so slightly. John's faintly amused grin deepened into something that bled from his chest and showed everything, he was sure. But he couldn't look away.
I know, I should have realized, I’m sorry. I’m sorry, John. Please—
/ 10:40 AM
His pleasure broke over him, and he spilled and fucked back against John’s cock, meeting him thrust for thrust until John flooded his body with warmth, his wrecked moan stored in Sherlock’s mind palace to be put on permanent repeat. Sherlock clutched at John’s shoulders and back until he could drag him down, pressed together all along their fronts, pouring their ragged groans into each others mouths. His legs, still wrapped around John’s waist, tightened around him to hold John inside. John’s thrusts slowed, became leisurely, until oversensitive shivers drove him to finally pull out with a kiss of apology to compensate for the sudden emptiness. They collapsed side by side on the bed, curled in on each other in a tangle of limbs, hearts racing in the aftermath. Sherlock ran his hands over every inch of John’s back, arms, and shoulders he could reach, humming his satisfaction into John’s silver-gold hair.
John blinked.
/ 10:54 AM
/ 12:22
White
bed. What do you think?”
“It’s for you. I bought it for you,” Sherlock said, even and low. “It’s… your Christmas gift. I hope you don’t mind if I give it to you early. I couldn’t wait any longer.”
Now please clean out the microwave. What’s wrong with the one in 221C?
John’s heart flipped in his chest, and he grinned so hard he had to look away. “So sorry to inconvenience you.”
Mrs. Holmes
despite all that
John leaned down and pressed a feather-light kiss to the top of Sherlock’s still-damp curls.
John could count on his two hands the number of times he and Sherlock had touched in a meaningful way in seven years of friendship. The hug at his wedding. The handshake (hand hold, if he was honest) before getting on the plane. His stag night...
Baker Street, position 2
(See the end of the chapter for
"Oh? And how did you think it would end?"
I hate that man so much and I’ve never even met him
/ 11:58 AM
"You got it," John said, lifting one hand in a wave as Sherlock dragged him out the door.
/ 11:50 AM
“Sherlock,” he whispered, just loud enough to be heard over the gunfire on the telly.
by Walt Whitman (1819-1892)
Molly chose that moment to arrive in all her festive glory, wearing a tight yet classy dress and a reasonable amount of tasteful makeup. She was getting better, Sherlock admitted to himself, though he couldn’t help but hate her a bit when she immediately threw herself at him for a hug, forcing him to drop John’s hand. She dragged him over to the makeshift drink station Mrs. Hudson had set up in the kitchen, making a show of choosing a drink to pour herself while she zeroed in on Sherlock’s eyes.
The echoing silence was too much. Sherlock slipped Iain’s card from his pocket and turned it over in his hand a few times, then strode over to his desk to get his phone. New contact, Iain MacKelpie, new messa—
“Obviously.”
020 7641 6200
-  Mrs. Hudson
I have a lot of apologies to give you. I hope you’re willing to hear them.
...mate.
Molly snagged Sherlock by the crook of his arm and tugged him to a halt. The grumbling, holiday-rushed crowd pressed them against the wall of another glittering shop full of toys and delicate ornaments and a thousand other things Sherlock insisted on studying through the window, rather than meeting Molly’s gaze.
Appropriate [X]  Minimal [  ]  Rambling [  ]  Frantic [  ]  Tangential [  ]  Halting [  ]  Other [  ]:
“John…” he said, anxiety threading through his voice. “There’s something…”
This is the second of four chapters for today. Make sure you didn't miss 51!
"Well, there was this time during the Baskerville case when he told me he didn't have friends, that he just had one. Me. And the things he said during his best man speech..." John cut off, his throat closing at the memory of words he'd always wanted to hear from Sherlock, but in the wrong context. Thank God that whole Mary mess was over, at least.
“When Harry…” he began, then cleared the roughness from his throat. “When Harry came out, my father beat the hell out of her.”
“You sure you don’t want to wait till midnight?” he murmured teasingly against Sherlock’s mouth. “That star thing was quite sweet.”
They stood in silence for a long moment.
Don’t you have a crime scene to tend to?
He wanted to taste him
Sherlock strides over to John and places his left hand on John’s chest, right over his heart, the ring a bright contrast to John’s navy blue jumper. One of John’s eyebrows is terribly amused by the proceedings, and Greg is at a total loss—until John’s hand comes up to cover Sherlock’s. John’s left hand. Sporting an identical ring. Sherlock murmurs something in John’s ear and they laugh, leaning their foreheads together, their eyes secretive and sparkling and incandescently happy.
Sherlock had to look away, take a sip of his wine to clear the sudden tightness in his throat. “Happier than I thought I would ever have the chance to be in my lifetime,” he finally said.
Stop. It’s fine. It’s not that kind of letter. Because since my last letter, the one where I promised you forever and gave you a ring, we’ve been almost adequate at communicating with real words like grown ups, spoken out loud and everything. Wonders never cease, yeah?
, but let me highlight the relevant part here:
They stumbled into the bedroom in a tangle of limbs, Sherlock’s rumbling laugh in John’s ear. Sherlock pushed away from him and fell backward onto the bed, propped on his forearms, and when he looked up through his lashes, cheeks flushed and eyes bright, John’s heart stopped.
Of you.
More… at ease
I know it’s weird, me writing to you like this, but I’d really appreciate it if you’d read it.
“They use a lot of honey here,” he observed, ordering a honey-laced whiskey to start.
It was the dead of summer, and one of the hottest days of the year, so Sherlock's body was on display without his heavy coat, his thin, pale grey button-down clinging in all the best ways. John bristled at their obvious admiration
“I’m going to head up and change, then maybe we can have a drink, watch a film?” John asked, a hand warm against Sherlock’s arm. Hot and cold tingles washed through Sherlock’s whole body, originating at the point of contact, and his heart thudded unevenly in his chest. John’s lips were so close. His body was so warm, his eyes so bright. Sherlock felt himself draw closer, lean down, completely trapped by the gravity of John’s mouth.
: DI Greg Lestrade, Metropolitan Police
And I’m making a slight alteration to your name. For the sake of accuracy.
/ 14:42
Hello.
how he’d worshipped this arse from afar.
: New Scotland Yard
Sherlock scoffed and threw his shoulders back, ready to let her know in great detail how wrong she truly was, when the door flew open.
"I think that's up to you," he said, slipping a hand under Sherlock's suit jacket and letting it drift down his back to the waistband of his posh trousers before hooking his thumb there. "It goes as far as you want, and no further. So you have to tell me, Sherlock. Is this still for show?"
John, come ON, you’re killing me here
Sherlock grabbed a handful of John’s jumper and hauled him up to press their mouths together, pouring every ounce of his complete and utter happiness into the kiss. And in John’s mouth was the most unique of flavors: Sherlock, plus John… plus the lingering taste of Merlot.
/ 12:16
Thanks for your constant support, Jacob. We appreciate it.
John jumped as a hand slid over the small of his back and settled on his hip, one long finger weaving easily through the belt loop on his jeans.
The glass was at his mouth without him actively deciding to put it there, his tongue tracing the rim, dipping out to tap it over and over like evidence at a crime scene. And it was quickly
“How about a—” Sherlock started as soon as she caught up, but she cut him off.
(See the end of the chapter for
: (to Holmes) Is this going to be a 243 types of tobacco ash moment?
"Oh my
but her. His heart raced, and his veins sang with adrenaline, danger,
He did temper this eagerness by assuring me that he has no plans to pursue Sherlock until after he has completed his anger management course next week. I encouraged him to continue talking with his sister about her experiences both with their parents and with living openly as a gay woman. I also suggested that he consider a more private journal in addition to his public blog where he can feel safe recording his thoughts as he continues to process his sexuality. As we spoke today, John appeared to grow brighter and more unburdened with each revelation. I have high hopes that he is finally on the path to true healing.
[SH pulls GL’s hand off his lapel and continues toward 221B Baker Street, stumbling]
I need to go to a gay bar and I don’t want to go alone?
/ 12:10 PM
“John.” Mary’s sharp voice cut through his focus like a shrill siren. He acknowledged her with a hum, but kept his eyes on Sh—on the patient. The patient’s fingers twitched in John’s hand, and he looked up—cool, pale eyes locked onto his, then slid ever so slightly to the side, indicating. John held his gaze, shook his head ever so slightly, dropping his eyes back to his two fingers on Sherlock’s wrist.
/ 19:49
-  Mycroft Holmes
/ 11:05
/ 12:31 PM
To the Office of Mr. Mycroft Holmes:
Sherlock slid them on and flexed his hands, staring down at the gloves in apparent confusion.
[He puts his hands on John’s shoulders, and looks John directly in the eye]
All in all, it was a beautiful, cheery pre-Christmas morning… that was entirely ruined by childish bickering.
Well. They hadn’t talked about
/ 10:29 PM
What a difference a night of real sleep could make to that mind.
I apologized but she’s still talking
Sherlock closed his eyes and let his head fall back against the wall with a pained groan.
“It’s not a date, Mrs. Hudson,” he snapped without thinking, then deflated. “Not that he knows, anyway. I’m just trying out the quality time thing.”
I’m so bloody happy for you both
29 January 16:47
After our conversation last night, I… well, it turns out I do have one last letter for you after all.
Older; not as well tailored to current shape; less eye-catching; black or grey suit only
Deep Red
They stood together, cheek to cheek, on their dusty, threadbare rug, under the watchful eyes of the skulls and the smiley face and the bats and beetles and books. John leaned back to look into Sherlock’s eyes, to feel the sweet tension of
John groaned into Sherlock’s neck as he pinned him against the bedroom door, fumbling for the handle. “You telling me you’re loud in bed, posh boy?”
She cut him off with an impatient wave.
/ 11:59 AM
Brian’s boyfriend tugged at his hand, but Brian stood his ground, shoulders back and chest out in righteous anger. John screwed up his courage and met Brian’s eyes dead on, then inclined his chin ever so slightly, hopefully beyond Sherlock’s notice. The tiniest nod.
Sherlock stood back and nodded, giving him space.
“Yes. I do. Want.” And Sherlock smiled, just a tiny curl. “You.”
John giggled and let himself be dragged to the curb, where Sherlock materialized a cab out of nowhere and bundled him into the back seat. They could have walked, but Sherlock looked ready to pounce, so John allowed the indulgence. The cab ride passed in a blur of bodies pressed together, mouths hovering mere inches apart, breathing the same air and wanting,
“Because I loved you? Because I thought you were someone else?”
Lucky. John hated to think of it that way. Cocaine, of course, a few others, but liberally mixed with several opioids. A lethal cocktail, but one that could be stopped by the right intervention at the right time. Lucky.
: John continues to report a lack of hallucinations of his deceased wife since earlier this month. Drinking continues to be a point of concern, especially considering family history, and John has committed to keeping a log of his drinking between today and our next appointment.
A squeak from Mrs. Hudson broke the spell, and John’s hands darted out to catch the crystal ashtray as it tumbled from the crown of Sherlock’s head. Then he heard it.
25/1/2017
It was different, now, somehow, lying next to Sherlock with the knowledge, with a head full of packed-up boxes and barren shelves. Empty of possessions, certainly, but heavy all the same. Filled to bursting with evidence of Sherlock’s devotion, his sacrifices. His…
He'd try all four.
Sherlock’s bare cock visibly twitched.
(...)
"No, you're right. I insist. It's the logical solution." Then he lit up, and John internally groaned. It was the "really good locked room murder" face, and John was instantly filled with regret.
John forced his thoughts off that track, thinking back through their years of association. That first meeting.
Assuming he
if it killed him.
Sherlock peeked out the window to check their progress.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Of course,” Sherlock says, twirling to face him with a dramatic flourish of his coat. “Your victim has recently made his boss very unhappy, through no particular fault of his own. I would check the secretary’s car, and confront the boss in his office. If his office has red carpet, you have your man.”
26/1/2017
“I’ll be back in a bit. Maybe take a shower while I’m gone. Might help you feel better, yeah?”
he asked, eyes wide.
I’m truly happy for you both.
Please, mate, after all this time? I’m not about to rob you two of your chance to finally get your shit together
"You know what I like," Sherlock said, then cringed as Jenkins yelled "I bet he does!" to great uproarious laughter. John flushed and laughed with the others, then dropped a kiss to Sherlock's forehead without thinking.
Obscene content begins at timestamp 18:33:21. I’m beginning to see why the last guy quit.
024175WSH
Sherlock nipped at John’s lower lip as punishment, then soothed it with the barest flick of his tongue.
John nodded, struck speechless. It was the first time he'd thought of it in those exact terms, but they had the ring of truth. He leaned more toward men. It was easier for him to fall in love with a man. He liked women occasionally, maybe even loved one once.
Might be associated with sadness/Mary/negative feelings from that day
John pressed him down into their mattress and kissed the smile right off his lips.
My professional writing workload has officially become unmanageable, so I'm having to pull back from fandom for a while, take a bit of a hiatus.
Sherlock studied him out of the corner of his eye as a comment from his mother made John flush and dart his eyes over to Sherlock. John licked his lips in a thoroughly distracting way, as was his habit, halfway between smiling and horrified.
John gave Sherlock his most predatory grin, chuckling at the pink flush over his cheekbones.
John swallowed hard, and Sherlock watched the motion of his throat, barely breathing.
John and Sherlock looked at each other.
[They place RW on the ground between them and each take one of her hands, helping her walk down the path while Sherlock steers the pushchair with his free hand]
Something about seeing those long fingers wrapped in soft leather, in
: It was painfully obvious. The mud in the—
Overdue Material Fines: £25.00
/ 11:25
/ 10:59
Sherlock missed a step at the
Sherlock sat in his chair with his hands in thinking pose, his laugh lines smoothing into solemnity. “I’ve been talking it over with Ella. We both defer to your medical opinion, of course, but… she recommended that I see my doctor about antidepressants.”
together. They’re perfect for each other.
None [  ]   Ideation, but no plan [  ]   Plan/Intent [  ]   Other [  ]
This part I’m almost sure you’ve deduced already, but… yeah, my dad was pretty horrible to Harry and I. He beat us, especially me, and he was always accusing me of being gay because of the music I listened to, the sports I played, the friends I had. So, I have to apologize for all the times over the years that I’ve shouted that I wasn’t gay like the idea horrified me. It was never because I had a problem with it. It was because every time someone got anywhere close to questions of my sexuality, it hit on all of this mess in my head, and it was like a roaring rage inside my skull. Now I realize that rage was my father screaming at me that no son of his would be a filthy queer and I needed to get my shit straight or he’d kill me himself. So I brushed it off, justified it. Men were only for in the army or a fumble while drunk because everyone does that, don’t they? Don’t they?
“Mycroft,” John snapped, breaking the tense silence. “Another.”
The tip of his cigarette flared red as he took one last drag, then ground it into the concrete rooftop and folded his arms over his pulled-up knees. Another plane would pass soon. Troop movements weren’t supposed to be easily predictable, and to anyone other than Sherlock Holmes they likely weren’t, but he knew. Any moment…
. Why was it always so
“Wouldn’t have—”
Including the bedroom.
[Unintelligible] but no, look, it makes sense. I think... okay, so, every time you call
Individual [X]   Family [  ]   Couple [  ]   Group [  ]
Sherlock
/ 01:43
Sherlock shot to his feet and followed John to the door, his heart clenching painfully. “But… I thought—”
time to check in.
“You slept with him.”
DUE DATE: 21/02/2017
From: john.h.watson@email.co.uk
[He winks at Molly Hooper, who laughs and raises her eyebrows at him as Rosie pokes at the sequins along her shoulder straps. SH and JW stand and each gives GL a quick hug, then they quietly clink their glasses together and drink their toast. They kiss, then rest with their noses nuzzled together, eyes closed, each with an arm wrapped around the other's waist, lost in their own world]
“I do,” John gasped, breathless. “Trust me, I really do.”
A laugh that was more breath than sound huffed against Sherlock’s chest. “Never thought I’d see the day,” John said, his voice scratchy. “Sherlock Holmes slept the night through, and now he doesn’t want out of bed.” He nuzzled into Sherlock’s clavicle and placed a light kiss on his collar bone. “Careful, or I might start to feel smug.”
DUE DATE: 15/02/2017
A shiver wracked Sherlock’s body beside him, and John pulled it all in. Tucked it away. Wrapped it tight with gauze and white tape, made a cast for his heart to hold the pieces together. Not now. Not the time.
Sherlock’s grip on his cock tightened, then twisted deliciously over the head.
“It wasn’t worth it,” he finally said.
I am writing to inform you that I am resigning from my position as Analyst for the SIS. It has been an honor to serve the crown in this capacity for the past twenty-five years.
He opened his eyes and found pale green staring right back at him, inches from his own. His one hand, curled around Sherlock’s back to drag over hidden scars, pulled tighter until his forehead could tip against Sherlock’s shoulder… and he breathed.
I’m terrified that, once all our truths are out on the page, you won’t want me in your life anymore.
9:00 AM
Sherlock frowned and studied the remaining three people he could see from his angle. Definitely not the second man. Obvious problems with petty larceny. The woman on the end, though…
They do, yes, they do.
Every noise went straight to the burning pool of crackling tension at the base of John’s spine, and he squeezed them both tighter as Sherlock’s thrusts sped, faster, faster, shoving forward into John’s fist and back onto his fingers again and again until a groan tore itself from his throat and his come spilled over John’s hand, his shirt, his
/ 3:52 PM
Current Check-Outs Summary for HOLMES, S.
“I don’t doubt it. And what did he give you?”
Tell him I said thanks
John choked on the words, hot tears already pressing hard around his eyes.
/ 10:51 AM
“Thank god,” John said.
/ 12:24
"And the rats," she reminded me.
His eyes went bright and his hand came up to clasp my wrist, where I still touched his cheek. "I owe you a thousand apologies, my dear Watson. I never hoped for your forgiveness."
But now I have deliberately obscured the solution to a case, rendering it unsolvable. The damning wine glass went into my pocket, the footprints were scuffed out beneath my feet, and the lines of evidence are now so compromised that they are a welter of confusion, pointing to no one at all. Heaven help me if the case should ever be brought to prosecution — I have made such a muddle of the evidence that I shall never get the poor beggar off, whoever he may be. And all so that Harry Fortescue might escape the certain clutches of the law, and I, in the process, might have a sizable falsehood for the Tree. I cannot confess myself anything but glad at Fortescue's continued freedom, but I am all too aware that I did not act from pure motives. Rather: a base, selfish desire to further my own ends. I saw the opportunity for a lie that might feed the Tree better than any I have yet devised, and thinking of aught else, I took it.
"They're useful in inquiries," I replied.
"Monstrous things happen in war," Holmes replied. "Bellamy came from a family of no money and no consequence, and was without patronage. Even during war, he had little chance of promotion, and none as a prisoner of Napoleon. Yet in one swift moment of deception, he attains a captain's rank and a squirehood in Lancashire, if only he can survive his imprisonment to enjoy them both. However monstrous the deception might be, it was entirely possible."
"It has an addictive, compulsive effect," I continued. "I noticed it in your journal. I saw it in myself, even the few hours I spent with the Tree."
"I had intended to harvest the fruit tomorrow night, after more of your readership had a chance to read your story, but then Mycroft sent for me, saying Mrs Hudson had become inquisitive about noises in my rooms, and I became concerned for the fruit's safety. I've been across the street all night, watching you read in the window, waiting for a moment when I could steal in and retrieve the fruit."
On the same logical principle as before, I helped myself to one of Holmes' cigarettes, then struggled to strike the match. The cigarette had long gone stale, but no matter: Holmes would replenish them soon enough.
"A cuckoo? I don't understand."
"Again, John!" Holmes instructed, an imperious note in his voice, and I sucked that shining thread back into my mouth, and his shaft after it, laving it as thoroughly and deeply as I loved him, its veins pulsing hotly upon my tongue.
"Yes, let's," I said without hesitation, and Holmes agreed. Hastily packing away our softening pricks, we followed the footman.
He made me no promises. It was as well, for in that mood, I was unsure whether I would have believed him. I felt unlike myself, to be so suspicious, and I did not like it. Perhaps it was merely the fatigue of a night without sleep; perhaps it was the exhaustion of too many revelations in too few hours.
Moriarty came to see me last night, carrying a large ceramic urn half-hidden under a bag. He claimed that it contained a great scientific curiosity, one that would interest me very much: a descendent of the original Tree of Knowledge. When properly fed and cared for, he said, the tree produces a fruit — citrus, in flagrant disregard of Biblical tradition — which, when eaten, reveals a Truth near to the ingester's heart. I scoffed, but Moriarty was quite earnest in his claims. I might have charged him with opium-eating — he indeed had that yellow, wasted look of fellows who spend too much time dreaming of the Lotus — but his conversation was as clear and sharp as ever, despite all his fanciful talk.
"My god," I breathed, staring at the monster. "She doesn't intend to fuck that slip of a girl with that beast?"
The tree is having a joke on me, and a tasteless, cruel joke at that. In fact, I hardly dare call this a true vision at all, but only an elaboration of my own fevered imaginings. I shall not record it here among these pages;
"I rather believe she does," Holmes said, clearly appalled. He, too, was fully arrested by the sight of the thing; his hand had stopped moving on my member, and I daresay he had begun to soften slightly in my own grip.
It was only a small lie, told to a small audience. If you wish to be impressed by the fruit, you must first tell a lie of impressive scope and audience. Eat it, and tell me what you learn.
Holmes came to me and took me by the chin, turning my face toward the lamplight. His eyes were a cool, glittering grey, and I saw his jaw set in grim determination. "I'm gratified to hear that," he said his tone more casual than his expression. "Have you been waiting here long?"
"I owe you an apology," he said.
"Of course not — I know how much you've sacrificed. I never meant you mustn't eat it; only don't eat it alone. Please. It's larger than any fruit you've previously had from the tree. You don't know its potency, and I fear for the dosage." I had only glimpsed the fruit in the moment before I had dowsed the lantern, but it was fully twice the size of any specimen documented in the notebook.
There was still that otherworldly flame in his eyes, a firey yellow so unlike his usual cool grey. I took his hand. "Wait a while. You're not yourself — the fruit's effects haven't passed off yet."
"And my son's association with this woman is known to this man?"
and set it loose upon the world, may I be forgiven for it. Unfortunately, it is a fabrication which I fear will cause my friends more grief than any merely academic hoax that Moriarty perpetrated. If I am judged as harshly as Moriarty was, or as my father was for his own alleged crimes, then it will be no more than I deserve.
"You have acquired it, then?" she asked Holmes, her voice alight with hope.
"Holmes, you needn't do this. Whatever questions you have, we'll find another way of answering them."
"On the contrary! All the world should know her crimes! Her villainy! Her depravity! Her—" Her words were choked off with another sob.
So saying, and using his axe like a machete, he fought his way through the sagging branches to the windows and began pulling down their curtains. When he had the first window clear, he used the axe to prise away the boards. The sash would not open, however, being nailed shut, and so warning me to cover my eyes, Holmes used the axe-head to break the glass, systematically knocking away the jagged shards at the edges of the frame.
"Still running around the city in disguise, I see," he said, as he carried the urn through. The clothes I had removed included those of a common laborer and a few other professions.
I continued reading.
"There's coffee and sandwiches," Holmes said, still looking out the window. There was a taut, nervous energy to his figure, for all its stillness. "The sandwiches are rudimentary, but they were the best I could manage from your larder."
"My god," I said again.
Holmes' next several entries were brief and distracted, detailing the measures he took to protect tree and household from further predation from Moriarty. By this time the tree had grown too large to be moved: Holmes was forced to defend the tree where it stood. He hired bruisers to stand guard in the street, and another to fetch and carry for Mrs Hudson inside the house. He remade his room into a fortress: the boarded-up windows and patent-lock on the door hailed from this period, only weeks before his death. Holmes had even gone so far as to nail the windows shut before boarding them over. But he refused to be thrown into a purely defensive position: as promised, Holmes set the Yard upon Moriarty, attempting to bring him to bay before the fruit ripened.
I touched the page wistfully; Holmes had died before that day had ever come. It stung a little to learn that the milk-drinking snake had been a deliberate falsehood: ever since the printing of that particular story, my readers had corrected me on that point with varying degrees of politeness. But Holmes was correct: I would have forgiven him the falsehood. I forgave him it even now.
He nudged my face back around toward our hostess and her willing victim. "Come, let us not be rude," he chastised me, although I do not think it was manners that motivated him, as he was like an iron rod against my back. He thrust himself against me as he massaged my mast; I gripped the chair arms and rocked against him in return.
down to my own level. I told him he was much mistaken, that I had no interest in such relations with him. The lie burned in my throat as I told it, but I have become well-practised, and he did not suspect me. He took the rejection bravely and offered to find new rooms if he had offended. A better man than I would have seized the opportunity to remove him from my low influence, but I am not that man, and if I could not permit myself to have
"But that would mean you're not a Holmes at all."
"Would you be content, never knowing the answers to your questions?" I asked.
I had no clear aim in mind when I sat down with Marryat's book of signals, beyond perhaps satisfying my curiosity as to how maritime signals could be employed in the coordination of a crime. I was somewhat surprised to see how detailed the signals were that could be sent:
"Come now, tell me the story of your unhappy son."
has made me famous with his stories, and the newspapers will carry notice of my passing, I am sure, but there is no pen that will attest to the truth of my lies as well as John Watson's. If I am mourned, it will be because
"Dear god," I said, once we were in the safety of a hansom cab. "That thing was enough to give a man a complex!"
Mrs Klein took several steps back and coolly measured her target. Then leaping forward with a cry, she sliced the cane across Susan's rear, the rod landing with a mighty crack.
"I don't wonder. Moriarty had eyes and ears everywhere, and numerous paid assassins at his beck and call. It'd be enough to make any man paranoid, and justifiably so."
"I do not wish to make this more painful for you, but they are depravities in which your son willingly, even joyfully participated. If you publish, all the world will know that, too."
Mrs Maberley's eyes narrowed. "His book? How do you know of his book?"
"If it's true," I said, "his body would poison the well. No one could live there, after that."
My curiosity was much aroused, of course. Whatever the nature of the dream, it was repeated two weeks later.
"Since you left Paddington."
was the fruit of the Tree, as opposed to its food. I asked him what great truth had been revealed to him for the price of his reputation, and had it been worth the cost? He did not answer, but said that he was well-satisfied.
But he had pricked me, I am ashamed to say. Discomfited, I struck back. "And what lie did you tell, in exchange for your
I waited. The tense silence was broken only by the ticking of the clock and the dry whisper of the Tree.
will stand guard against Moriarty's interference while I ingest the fruit and dream. I will have my vision. I will learn Father's fate for once and for all, and that will be the end of it.
I reached out to put a hand on his arm, and his hand came to cover mine.
"Thank you again for coming on such short notice, Doctor Watson," Mrs Hudson said, upon leaving the coffee tray.
When she came to pour my own tea, I could not help but notice the strangest marks across her upper chest. "One moment, please, ah, Susan. Would you turn to the light?"
One highlighted a queer arrangement of three long-handled bowls, each carved with a leering human figure whose massive and projecting phallus obscenely prodded the buttocks of the bowl next to it. Another shone upon a vast and lovingly intimate scene of women of the seraglio bathing each other; another upon St Sebastian writhing seductively as he was pierced by arrows. But the largest light of all illuminated a settee on which a woman reclined and by whom a well-built and nude young man knelt, blindfolded and bound, his penis painfully erect. The woman rose: tall, queenly, a perfect figure, a lovely mask-like face, with two wonderful Spanish eyes which looked austerely at us both.
Soon Mrs Klein had Susan positioned lengthwise along the beam of the sawhorse, pegs supporting Susan's weight much as stirrups support a jockey's crouch over a horse's back. A pink spotlight illuminated the girl's nether portions, of which we had a deplorably clear view, her folds gleaming and slick with moisture, her nether mouth opening and closing on empty air. I have no great experience of women, but even I could tell the girl was ravenous, her hips bobbing in mute appeal. Mrs Klein, icily aloof, did not seem much inclined to relieve her maid's hunger.
She looked relieved. "I'll have to explain to Mr Mycroft. It seems a shame to disturb Mr Holmes' things after all this time — his brother was so set upon leaving them as they were! — but all things must come to an end, I suppose."
He didn't answer.
Of that Forbidden Tree, whose mortal tast
"None of that," her mistress scolded. "You claim to love me; I shall not make it easy for you to prove it."
"Inside his rooms? The blackguards!" I exclaimed, turning to take the stairs two at a time. "Can't they leave a woman in peace?"
whispered to the Tree when he first brought it to me: that
As for the Tree, its destruction has prevented science from solving the mystery of its metaphysical properties — although if the Tree is a descendant of the original Tree, as I feel it must be, then knowledge of it has been forbidden since the Beginning. Certainly I doubt that the worthy gentlemen at Kew would fare any better against the Tree's seductions than Holmes and I. Nevertheless, I sometimes wonder if Holmes regrets his rashness in destroying the
It was presumably from Holmes, but I was much perplexed: Marryat's code was entirely numerals, but this was almost wholly alphabetic, except for the three '2's in it. One might suppose that my being the intimate companion of one of the world's foremost experts on ciphers, we have some private pre-established cipher that we use between ourselves, but we do not. Holmes would not have sent me an encoded message without the means to decode it; I must wait for a second telegram that contained the secret.
It was one thing to read in his own hand that he lived, but to see him in the flesh was entirely another thing, and I was quite overcome.
"Of course, Mrs Hudson. You know you may always call on me. Sleep well, and try not to worry. I'll see what can be done about those chemicals." The lie was becoming easier with repetition.
"Watson," he murmured, but stood there like a man dumbfounded, and did not return my embrace.
I knew from my work with Holmes that substitution ciphers could be worked by analyzing which letters were most frequent in English, but that did not apply to Marryat. What other clue might I use? Again there were the presumed salutation and closing, containing those three words each beginning '2'. I could only guess that they included 'John' and 'Sherlock' — and a quick consultation with Marryat showed there further existed a merchant ship named 'Holmes'. That seemed to work out nicely, Marryat's '2', '5', and '8' repeating among the three names as they should if they were indeed 'John' and 'Sherlock Holmes.' Taken in total, those names yielded seven of Marryat's ten numerals, an excellent start! Only '3', '6', and '0' remained.
"I've trespassed against you, Watson. Great trespasses."
I interrupted Barley at his dinner, but when I mentioned Holmes' name he was happy enough to come away; it was warming to know that even now, years after Holmes' death, there was still such affection for his memory. However, Barley faltered when, upon arriving at Baker Street, he learned that the object of his efforts was to be Holmes' own bedroom door.
It was a strange tea party, two of its members kneeling on the floor and taking no tea at all. Holmes comported himself with perfect aplomb, telling the story of his attempt to recover Maberley's manuscript in Rome, his being foiled by Maberley's unfortunate death, and his subsequent negotiations with the man's mother. I listened with attention, but my eyes were quite occupied with the Duke's handsome and tortured form. He was decorative indeed: his broad chest and well-muscled shoulders proclaimed him a paragon of English masculinity, and he was further blessed with a remarkable penis. Its proportions were admittedly rather modest, but it was animated by an unflagging energy—it was almost unnatural how hard his prick stood, and with so little encouragement. It bobbed, it wept, it strained to be touched. No one paid it the least attention, and yet it strove on, ever hopeful. I was quite entranced.
Unfortunately, we had no sooner gained the great hall with its curling twin staircases, when the sounds of
"Dr Watson!" she exclaimed in relief when I emerged.
I read his resolution with misgiving, and indeed, the following pages grieved me sorely. As Holmes quested for a larger and more potent fruit, his falsehoods became bolder, manipulating his cases so that they might provide him with a potent lie, one capable of producing potent fruit.
"Ingest it under medical supervision, you mean."
"Be careful with the tree, lest you carelessly ignite your rooms," he cautioned me. "The reaction with sunlight is more violent."
It was one of the finest corner-houses of the West End. The door was answered by a footman with a machine-like correctness—but the more I looked, the less I could be sure whether I was looking at a beautiful and beardless youth, or a handsome and slender woman in the perfectly-tailored livery of a footman, her hair cropped short around her ears. He—or perhaps she—took up our cards while we waited.
"Never a lie. Yours was an essential role, and there was no one I could have trusted better to fulfill it."
I drew away to look at him again, my hands gripping tightly at his threadbare and battered coat. It struck me again that he was too thin, his skin drawn tight over the bones of his face. He had not been taking care of himself, wherever he had been. I touched his cheek, his jaw, tracing the features I knew so well, but had thought never to see again, and wondered at the miracle of having him there before me.
She eyed me dubiously. "Well, there's tea here, if you want it. It may be a long wait."
He nodded, and his eyes shut again. Soon he fell into a normal sleep. I drew a blanket over him, and unable to bear the uselessness of sitting still, I set about tidying the room.
The newsagent looked hurt at my rebuff, but turned to his next customer, who under my wondering eye bought both a copy of the
said, straightening up and turning to me. "Do you have a dark place to keep it? A cupboard where it will not be disturbed by others?"
"Every word."
My message in its final form read:
Holmes at once strode across the room to her. He took the tray from her and put it aside, then took her hands in his. "My dear woman," he said.
"Not unless there is another water source. A cistern, a brook, a second well — perhaps one newly dug after this one was poisoned. That will be something to look for: a new well commissioned after the previous one unexpectedly failed, or a farm that became suddenly untenanted thirty years ago. Perhaps one that was originally tenanted by a sailor who was in His Majesty's service during the wars against Napoleon."
"So you say, my sweet," Mrs Klein replied, mercilessly icy. She viciously pinched the jaws tighter, and Susan gasped, her hips bucking.
He shook his head once, eyes far away, and did not try to justify himself. I wondered if he intended to feed the lie to the Tree later, if this fruit proved unsatisfactory to his needs.
Mrs Klein grinned wickedly after the footman whispered in her ear. "Do you hear that, darling? Our guests have chosen the tigers."
What followed were the ravings of a madman. I hardly recognised the man I had known; even his handwriting spread itself across the page in a dissipated scrawl. Sketches, too, appeared in the margin, and they, at least, were sensible enough: various renderings of a schooner, its hull dark with cross-hatching.
made the most extraordinary proposition; indeed, I had not believed it possible when the Tree foretold it. I presumed that I misunderstood his proposal, my faculties corrupted by the wicked whisperings of the Tree, but
"I know I don't deserve your trust," Holmes said. "Not after what has passed. But I should like the chance to earn it, if you can find the charity to permit me the opportunity."
The story that poured forth was one to break any parent's heart: Douglas Maberley, handsome, dashing, and the darling of London, fell into an ill-advised love affair with a woman who did not treasure him; indeed, when he offered her his hand, she repulsed him most cruelly. The experience shattered him, and when he was sent as an attache to Rome, instead of taking advantage of the break to make a fresh and healthful start, he brooded instead. He spent his time in Italy writing a book—
Holmes cast me a grateful look above Mrs Hudson's head; I frowned in return. He ignored my warning, however, and settled Mrs Hudson on the settee with coffee from the tray. He then related to her a story about Tibet, Mecca, and a Norwegian named Sigerson, which is no doubt familiar to readers of "The Empty House".
"You threaten me? You threaten my dear Douglas?"
too far ahead of its time for its genius to be recognised? I must acquire a copy for myself.
I chuckled breathlessly. "I did not mind, Holmes. In fact I was quite . . . invigorated by it."
I have caught Moriarty's man skulking about in the street, trying to gain entrance. Sent him away again, but not before breaking my knuckles across his face. I can wait no longer to pick the fruit; Moriarty's henchmen will have it if I do not. This fruiting is paltry compared to its predecessors; my lies about the extent of Moriarty's criminal enterprise had too much truth in them. That, or they are not much credited at the Yard. Perhaps it was inevitable that the strength of my word would erode, much as Moriarty's has — the Tree will have its price in exchange for the Knowledge it gives. In any case, for as long as Moriarty walks free, this is likely to be the last fruit I will have from the Tree; it will have to do as it is, even if I wish it could have been left to ripen unmolested.
"Yes," he assured me.
"The Tree
But those days were gone, never to come again. I opened the notebook and began to read.
The plan came to me fully formed as I stood at the lip of that chasm, the downrush of air tearing at me, attempting to haul me after the man I had once called a mentor and friend. I saw then what I must do and how I must do it, and I set about the execution of my plan with a workmanlike detachment. Only when I left my forged note for
"He meant to blackmail her into marriage?"
"No need to worry about Barley — I can stay here tonight, if you like. I’ll sleep on the settee." The tree had obviously been important to Holmes, and I felt strangely protective of it — now that I had discovered it, I didn't want anyone else interfering. Even as I spoke to Mrs Hudson, I could hear it whispering and calling to me, as intriguing as any of the mysteries with which Holmes had once invited me to assist.
"Indeed it is so."
"That other denizen of Queer Street I mentioned this morning, Steve Dixie's mistress. But alas, we have a far more distasteful visit ahead of us first. If you could spare the time to come with me, that is?"
But nothing is proved. The fruit's vision may be like the predictions of mediums and fortune-tellers: a vague, non-specific image that the victim, in his desire to believe, makes too much of. Would the vision have applied as well to another case, should a different problem have landed at my door yesterday? The coincidence of the snake would not be so exact, but one creature hunting two others — that is not so rare an occurrence in my profession. I must test the tree again. To that end, I have told
And twice again, each time tersely noted as:
"You're still here," I said.
"He never kept them nice while he lived. Did you contact Mr Holmes about the noises? The rustling, the… whispering?" I could hear the whispers, too, just at the edge of my hearing. Not voices, precisely, but perhaps the memory of voices: a thousand voiceless shades, whispering jealously about life. I took a deep breath to clear my head of the fantasy; the cold, minty scent of the room cut deep into my lungs.
Upon reading this strange passage I caught Holmes' eye and raised my brow at him, but he only shook his head minutely, warning me to be silent, before turning back to Mrs Maberley.
