"I'm all right, I'm fine," Cas assured her, "What is going on? What's all the yelling about?"
"Just get home, please. Safely."
"I'm sorry," Dean said, he hoped, loudly enough that Jaime would notice, "I shouldn't go swearing at Alfie like that. That was habit and stress. I'm gonna do better."
Cas nearly dropped the package of pork chops he was holding. "Prom?"
Also, tissues. Nothing horrible, just, you'll want tissues, probably.
Dean took Castiel's jacket as well, since he didn't seem to mind, setting it and the coat over the back of a nearby chair, and dragged out of his own jacket and over shirt with far less care.
"I mean, I can work on it, y'know, if you're lonely." Margaret stood and turned around, climbing on to his lap as best she could, given her awkward size. Kevin found himself staring at her breasts, "These are definitely my favorite, though."
"I'm picking on you, lighten up."
Coming up the front steps, he spotted Claire on the swing, slouched in place, rocking the swing slowly.
With his free hand, Dean pulled Cas' arm up to his shoulders, stepping closer, leaving just enough room to continue his attentions.
"Nope," Dean called back as Cas heard the microwave open and close, along with one of the kitchen drawers, "Sitting is bad for your back."
As Naomi closed the balcony door, he briefly considered tossing the whole bottle over the rail, but the possibility of it striking someone on the street stopped him.
"Look, if I'm not back in ten minutes, you can go check if someone dumped my body in the alley, okay?"
"Yeah."
Ben shook his head, "This one reads. And not like Amy, who said she reads, and then you find out she reads a bunch of shitty click-bait articles every day, I mean, she had a while to wait, and she pulled a Neil Gaiman book out of her bag."
"Yeah... I mean, how else am I gonna learn this stuff? If you have a, um... like a flashback, or a panic attack or something, you can't just calm down for a minute and tell me what to do... And you said you don't want to talk about it that much, so, I'll read up, and we try to take it easy."
"Sorry, dude. We gotta stay put, and get your glasses ordered so you can see better. But as soon as that's done, we'll go."
"We watch him, and we listen. He might be down in the dumps right now, but he knows he's safe here."
"Okay... uh... I don't want you to. But I think you might... Probably... I mean, I'm sure I said something to make you uncomfortable the other day on Dean's couch, and you just kept trying to take care of me. You didn't bolt."
"Yeah, well, I have a kid coming out any time, so when's it going to happen? I have to plan this stuff!" Claire insisted.
"God, no! No, I've a little party of my own to plan for, some particularly lovely ladies are driving in... Not your scene, trust me."
"Depression?"
"So you just take his stuff without asking? Is that normal for you? Or do you steal from everybody?"
Margaret laughed, "So, what, you have a thing for explosions?"
"You painted yourself as a go-fer rather than Melody's father, and built upon that misconception when you could easily have-"
"Relax," Dean said, motioning him to stay where he was, "It that Windows '98?"
The door opened again, abruptly, and from Alfie and Margaret's reactions, Claire had to assume that Kevin had startled. Naomi sat down beside her, facing Margaret and shut the door, a look of rage under her ever-present arrogance. She seemed ready to swallow each of them whole just to get them out of her sight as the vehicle began to move quickly through the city.
"I never use this room. I could move my office down here, or throw in a couple of walls and turn it into a bedroom." Cas said quietly, "But I'm going to try to convince Claire not to move out yet."
"It's got a gate further on, ranch access. We might get a real road eventually, there's a developer that wants to put in a neighborhood." Claire said quietly.
Cas accepted the replacement and headed upstairs. Quietly, listening to Alfie muttering to himself about baby pajamas in one room, he pressed open the door of the other room.
"Not true. Depends on the kissing," Kevin replied.
"I put stuff on there I thought you'd like that you might not have heard before."
Amelia shook her head, tears beginning to well up in her eyes, "No, he is, he was Cas' lawyer last time I was in town... Okay... Okay, I can't... We need to go back to the courthouse, I'll tell them to cancel or whatever they do-"
Kevin's reacting was alarmingly calm, "Don't have to. Claire's gonna off me later."
"Cas," Sam said gently, when he was sure he was in earshot, not meaning to startle the man or intrude on his grief, "Listen, I know that, uh... Well, I thought this might be appropriate."
"Holy shit... You guys actually...? Dude, I told you, this thing with Julie-"
Cas rolled his eyes, "I was already using a non-fat creamer, there was no reason-"
Alfie tried to settle himself with a deep breath, "Well... You know how much she loves you, and how she would do anything to protect you? Her mom wasn't like that. Her mom chose drugs over her child, even when that meant allowing something horrible to happen to your mother. She's probably never going to get past the nightmares, not completely. This used to happen a lot more, and for a while, we even had a lock inside the bedroom door to keep her inside when the nightmares would get bad, but I didn't think that was safe, if you guys needed us in the night, we want to make sure you can get in, and that we could get to you easily, so now she only uses it when I'm out of town."
"No."
Claire mumbled into his shoulder, something had sounded very strongly like, "I'm so fucking done with this bullshit."
"No," Dean answered, "No, somebody who's gonna be there tomorrow ought to know, if only to take him outside and get him calmed down if he starts losing it. I know you're not trying to spread his business around, I won't say anything."
"I wouldn't ground him for this." Cas replied, reaching for the bottle as Dean offered it and taking a drink.
Ben shrugged, "So far, so good. The baby is running a little bit small like they expected, but still pretty normal... scared shitless..."
"Dean, what-?"
"Do you hate her, too?" Melody asked, her tone making it quite clear that Rachel was on precarious ground, and it would take very little for her to fall into a relapse of choked, non-verbal crying once more.
"Cas... Did your boytoy tell you what he was doing in my bedroom tonight? I call tell you this, he got an eyefull."
"Is Claire really okay?"
Claire shook her head, "Mostly just seeing how much you remember. You were pretty out of it... I'm going to Houston for an event at this gallery that Alfie's trying to work with."
Gabe nodded again, "Are you aware that kindergarten is not a required grade, here? That you don't technically have to enroll your child until first grade, or provide them with some form of education at home?"
"I can help you fix it." Ben offered.
"Yeah?" he asked, taking the small garbage can that had been by her side of the bed to the door, a reminder for himself to empty it in the morning.
Alfie changed the subject quickly, setting his hands on Claire's abdomen just below her navel, "Hi, Baby. Your big sister Melody wants to say hi to you."
"Yeah."
"Well, one, they asked if I was dating, and I said no, because I'm not, but I'm kind of, y'know, close to it, I guess, with my friend Terri, and then they were all making these notes, and the guy goes, 'So, you think you and Terri might be dating soon?' and I wasn't sure how to respond to that. I mean, maybe, so I said, 'Maybe,' but then they figured that because of her name, that I meant a guy. They were all guessing I was getting involved with a guy... I actually had to tell them outright that Terri's a girl, and I'm straight."
"Yeah, well, you don't have forever on this. And she's really going to be showing soon." Alfie said quietly, "I know you don't care, but you better find out how she's gonna feel about the people who are gonna start talking. If it gets bad, I'll help you guys get moved if you want to go someplace big enough that people mind their own business."
"You would be surprised how quickly someone's status can fall," Naomi replied.
"Nothing. You're a good girl. She's angry she can't control you, just like she can't control your parents," Rachel answered.
"We found it."
Dean chuckled as his phone began to ring, and he started for the back porch, expecting a call from his brother.
"He doesn't even know how to use a compass, he's just poking holes with the pointy part!" Susie argued.
Claire ducked her head, pretending to scratch at her hairline to hide her eyes, "How do you know if you have an STD?"
"Somebody sent her out here to rip me a new one, because she's snarky, and as long as she's pregnant, I have to watch my manners," Dean explained, "So to get to the bottom of it-"
Cas choked on unbidden laughter that made him falter, resting his head on Dean's shoulder for a moment until it had passed, the smile still holding his face hostage when he raised his head, "My gorgeous, unattainably straight neighbor... I don't know what I was thinking."
"She's doing good since the divorce, she's got an Etsy shop, and she sent me some pics of my nephew, so I mailed her a school photo of Mikey, and she actually seems to be coming around on the idea that I'm never getting married. Of course, she said it like we could, god, what did she say... Oh yeah, she goes, 'maybe you can decide to have a holy marriage without actually having a wedding or getting the state involved. I just wish you had God involved.'"
"Unacceptable," Melody replied proudly, stumbling over the syllables slightly, "That's what Mom said when I said I cleaned my room good enough."
WARNING! Alfie has one of his nightmares. There's blood and implied gore, but only briefly.
Lucius cast a sidelong glance at Crowley, who only returned his look, before starting up the porch steps, "Are your parents awake yet, dear?"
"What did she tell you?"
"Maybe just picking up at the shop."
"Yeah, I guess... I mean, we just moved over here, and Claire's moving over there. That's weird."
Kevin chuckled, "Not if we wore you out first."
"Don't start that again. I won't hear it. They both have my, uh..." she gestured to her cheekbones, "Here, and chin. Which Samandriel also has."
Cas had followed Alfie inside, closing the door, "Dean?"
"Yeah, and Naomi's gonna take a vow of poverty and join a convent." Alfie answered sarcastically, standing up.
"And Claire, like last night wasn't hard enough for her, and she thought it was Ben..." Dean fought back his emotions, thankful he was too exhausted to really let go, "I don't think she's gonna pick up if I call, can you check on them?"
the school tomorrow, but only while I'm there." Dean answered, "Obviously you're not safe going to class."
Despite his mother's distracted hushing and attempts to calm the boy, he barreled around the end of the desk, running clumsily into Dean's leg, bouncing off of him, and landing his bottom firmly on the floor.
She'd completed the tasks Dean had asked of her, cleaned up most of the tools that weren't in immediate use, and had ran out of things she felt competent doing.
"For my what?" Ben asked.
"And you'll come back for me?"
It took him a moment's hesitation, but Cas did gingerly place the stereo into the crate, and began gathering the small metal parts, until he could find no more, and managed to pry himself from the low seat.
"I have to take something over to Kevin, but I could tell him to bring Margaret over to my house and we can all hang out instead."
He opened the door and stepped out onto the porch as Dean threw the ball again, "Okay, first president?"
"Singer Automotive, this is Margaret."
"That's not a good neighborhood, are you sure that's where you want to go?" Kevin asked.
"Coffee?" Sam asked loudly as he returned with a second glass of water for him, "Anybody want coffee? Or maybe go wash your face? Sober up any way you know how? Because otherwise I'll have to start recording you so you can hear the crap you're saying now."
Alfie took a shot, putting an end to the discussion.
Ben made a quick, jerking movement as he turned to answer, but the  tumbler turned unexpectedly, and he straightened up, opening the door.  The other boys darted inside, and Ben followed, looking around for any  sign of onlookers before following them, and shutting the door behind  him as quietly as possible.
"Every spot in the garage is filled, yes."
"What is?"
Dean did what he could to hide his reaction, but Cas gave his arm a squeeze.
"I already know they're good, I ate three of them. And why would you eat cookies that suck?"
"Nice hoodie." Claire answered, "And eyeliner?... That's new."
"We could just get it out of the way, I guess."
"Yeah."
"No," Cas assured him, "He hasn't hit anything, I don't think. He's acting a little bit off, though. I just wanted to ask if perhaps something was going on that I should know about, as I wasn't there tonight."
"It's not labor, it's my back." Margaret replied in a questioning tone.
"Oh, shit... So damn good..." Dean's words took on a hint of a whine.
"Heels and swollen ankles are a bad mix, yeah," Claire said, following after him as he started toward a much less popular corner.
"Panicked over what?" he asked harshly, "You don't have a whole lot in your life to panic about. And you know I won't tolerate violence in this house."
"Dean, hey," Garth greeted him through the screen door, "I hope it's not too early, I-"
With a light schedule, as he had on most Wednesdays, Mike was set to leave the campus shortly after one in the afternoon. He had planned to go home, power through two papers and a media presentation, but a short distance from the building's exit, he spotted a familiar face who joined him quickly on the walk to his car.
The front door creaked open, sticking badly as someone forced their way through it. It was also on the list.
Margaret laughed hard for a moment before climbing onto him roughly enough to roll him onto his back, while trying not to disturb the blanket above them, "Take my clothes off."
Jack scoffed, "Do they take credit cards? Checks? How much could it cost to do it out of pocket? Did she say how long it's been lapsed for?"
"I wanna go home." Claire whispered.
Claire gave a tired shrug, "Not really."
"No... no, if you don't have practice with a kid, trust me, you gotta calm down first. It's different when it's your kid, and you've had 'em since they were a baby, but that kind of crap, you need to give yourself some space and come back to it after you calm down."
"I'm going to regret this later, but let me remind you that your perceptions are screwed up. The part you don't see is that it's rubbing off on her. She shies away from men she doesn't know, the same way you do after you've had a bad night. You stunt her growth on this, now, when she seems perfectly fine and safe to be 'in like' with somebody, and I don't know how she's gonna turn out. Probably more screwed up than either of us."
"I lost track of time," Ivan answered, "It's hard to keep track sometimes when I get home, you know that. It wasn't on purpose. And maybe I was feeling a little nostalgic, too. Remember when we'd all watch a movie, and they'd fall asleep in our bed, and we'd come in here-"
"Nine-fifty an hour."
"She asked me to... Not a great plan, but after she hit me, I kinda had to go with it, there weren't a lot of options left." Dean explained, "I'm going to drop them, I swear... She just needed to buy you some time, and this was all she could come up with, short notice."
Jack shrugged, "Who cares? You won't notice."
"It's not-" Cas began as Claire ducked passed him and began up the stairs. He stopped at the bottom step and called after her sternly, "Claire!"
"You're superstitious? You?" he asked with a chuckle.
"Well, we can shave it all off. Or do extensions. You could go lighter, like your mom, or even lighter, or you could pull off a deep brown color, it would look really classy with this face... So long as it's not falling out."
"Yeah, I will. Needle and thread, promise." Dean replied, slipping lower.
Cas nodded, "She's smart, she could have a really good job... What does Ben want to be?"
Cas nodded, "They said you lost a lot of blood, they had to give you quite a bit, but mostly you're still in one piece."
"Do what?" Ben asked.
"Nope. But you're going to take the kids into account when you get it, so-"
"How soon is this going to be done with the school, and I can go see Grandpa and Pops again? Because, if Dad's going to keep acting weird, maybe if it gets worse, I don't know-..."
The sleek, black car had the brake lights come on briefly before it was shifted into gear and began slowly down the back road, the driver looking for a wide place to turn around, the shadows of the two people in the front seat visible through the back window from the bright headlights emanating from the front end of the car.
"How many times did he hurt you?"
"And, like, land on her?... How is she not a pancake?" Kevin asked.
"Would that be the young lady who wears her hair over her cheek?" Cas asked.
"Well, 'mom' is right about that," Claire snapped, "That's why it was one the highest shelf where Melody would never be able to reach it! It's the only thing I have from my room at my dad's house from the three weeks before my life officially went to shit, and you let her throw out my fucking bear?"
"Right! Sorry, I spaced it, it's just-"
"Did you check the reviews on this place?"
anyway."
"Xander-"
"I didn't promise, I said if things weren't so-"
"For stuff that would have gone in the trash even though it's still good? Yeah, right," Cora huffed.
"She asked me to sign your birth certificate, to claim you as my child, in order to protect you from a man who put a four year old in the hospital, and shortly before he was arrested, raped someone. That was the man she thought was your biological father, who upon hearing you existed came looking for you, and was likely part of the reason she fled the state, hoping to disappear before he could ever be released. Inconsistent, and manipulative, yes, but before the drugs ruled her life, she did take steps to protect you."
"When I wrecked she showed up at the hospital, and so did he. My family didn't believe me when I said I had gotten a job at a car repair place, and when she got here, and Dean shows up, introduced himself as my boss, she flipped. Then, later, she tried to hit on him, and... Well, she's not used to getting told no, about anything." Alfie explained.
"How come you didn't want me to touch you?" Margaret asked, meeting his eyes again.
Dean made his way through the small house as noiselessly as his work boots would allow him, and found Claire with her attention buried in a supplier's contract.
Claire looked conflicted, "But it's Alfie, I mean, that's kind of extreme."
"Wears neon visors backward..." Claire giggled.
"How bad was it?"
"So, just, I'm not going to let them win, and you shouldn't either. And they have Interstate Love Song, and you know that one really well. And you don't actually sound like someone shoved a sandpaper cat into a tea kettle and-"
"Hey, slow down," he said softly, feeling her writhe,and hearing her curse under her breath.
"Will you keep going if I do?" Cas panted with a slight quiver.
Anyhow, since there's still no sign of a new season of Letterkenny, and I binged all of Trailer Park Boys, and my energy is up due to diet and exercise -woo!- I am back after it.
Claire nodded as she came to a stop sign, "We should stop and pick it up."
"Yeah, that's me," he turned the page, "Pretty much everybody was there."
Everyone kept telling her how strong she was for surviving, but her survival hinged entirely on her ability to pick up and keep going. To hold on just a little longer. There was no active decision making on her part.
"Can I stay home and you go?" Ben said through his pillow.
"Really?" Cas spared a surprised look. "I heard you bought the auto shop on County Road 121... I'm Cas Novak. My daughter, Claire, usually volunteers for this..."
"If you've changed your mind, I won't press the issue, of course. But frankly, I was considering telling you to put up or shut up for the last sixteen months." Castiel said in a deadpan voice. "I've at least achieved the second part. It's certainly much quieter now."
"I'll be there tomorrow."
"Uh, I don't, actually."
"If I have to, I don't see why you should be exempt," Cas replied, picking it up, "What's good for the... well, gander, is good for the gander."
Kevin shrugged again.
"Hey, I need your help with something, I'm gonna-"
Melody had been about to blurt out that he was acting strangely, and criticize him for 'freakish' behavior, but it occurred to her at the last moment that he wasn't acting at all strangely for someone dancing around a difficult subject, uncertain how to approach it, "Most people do. But most of the time the place is full of high school kids, so my mom doesn't want me going by myself, I only get to go when Mike's there, just to be safe. Most of the time, I just go to the bakery."
"Uh... Not to be dismissive, but does this feel like a huge deal over nothing to you?" Claire asked with a gently skeptical look.
The sun was fully set by over an hour when Charlie had said her goodbyes and slipped out, leaving the front door open. The yard lights were off, the small house an island of warm habitability in the metal jungles of darkness outside, the yellow glow barely a glimmer from the highway.
Cas grunted his displeasure, "That bitch is still alive, that's the greatest gift I can give her, I owe her nothing. Less than nothing, if possible. And anyway, I've never felt like a replacement where Claire was concerned."
"It's on my to-do list."
"What do you mean?" Claire asked.
He set the cards down on his knee and gave the bridge of his nose a pinch as he gathered his thoughts, "Every bit of stress you take on, you also put on the baby. If Sam and Alfie are handling it, you should let them. I know it's very hard for you not being in control, but you likely had more of a shock yesterday than you know. Xander called me last-"
Claire walked up to the front desk in the small lobby and waited for the guest services clerk to finish a call. She hadn't recognized his voice, but later wondered why she hadn't. He turned around, his words quickly changing from professional to irritated, "How can I help you, ma'am?"
"Yes, he stressed that quite a bit, however, what he didn't tell me, and what he didn't know that I already knew, was that to find out this soon, you probably found out because you... had a reason to be concerned."
"So he's Amelia's ex?" Dean surmised.
"Um-" Ivan started.
Cas chuckled and shook his head, "That wasn't 'nothing.' I mean, it could have been handled better, but..."
Claire glanced down at her clipboard as she thought it over, "Yeah... I guess I could see that... Tell you what, I'll come over tonight and see if I can talk to them. I can't promise anything, but maybe it'll clear things up a little."
"Where's your phone? I wanna get your midwife on to tell me what I'm doing."
Cas looked over his shoulder toward the highway, "I can't remember what time it's supposed to end..."
"Yeah. Takes some of the pressure off you. And if you guys split up, then you wouldn't have to be involved at all. Not that we want that." Margaret answered, "But we also don't want Mike to cause that, that's why we're here, talking about it."
"Yeah, I'm going." Julie replied with a nod, dropping the test in the small garbage can and moving toward the bedroom.
(A/N: I survived my shoulder surgery, yay! Seriously, though, tons of pain, but since I type one-handed, that should help me get this thing moving along.
"Find it again!" Cas' words came out strained and desperate.
"No, her favorite is anything with caramel in it. Haven't been able to keep any in the house in years." Cas said, crossing the room as he checked his phone. He took a seat next to the bed, "Looks like you might be able to get out of here tomorrow morning. Dean's on the way up with Ben."
Julie shrugged, "I don't know about that. It tanked pretty hard."
"Will doesn't want her back anymore-"
"Don't use that on me, that's my bit. And it's never fine."
Ben looked skeptical as Ivan glanced around again, "Yeah, right."
"Yeah, I can. I don't have a bus moving under me... So, the medicine, is it helping? How's that going?"
"That's West Virginia."
"You basically did."
"Can I help?" Ben asked quickly.
"Sure you have. But how can I believe you'll trust me?"
"I wonder what would have given him that impression?" Cas mused.
"Don't quote Pokémon to me."
"No problem. Thanks for not wishing me dead, I guess," Cynthia answered sarcastically, loudly enough that he couldn't have missed it as she closed her hood.
"Whatever, you moved in with your boyfriend and you were only nineteen. They've known each other since Ben still had the cast on his arm."
"Yeah. Yeah, of course. And, you know, pass it on for me, too, tell everybody I said hi," Ben replied, taking a step closer to shake Nate's proffered hand, only to be pulled into a quick half-hug.
Will shrugged, leaning back as though he were accepting some form of challenge. "What?"
"Spend much time at church, then?"
He saw her to the door, accepting a tight hug and an awkwardly muttered promise to call him before he started back up the stairs. He entered the room quietly to assure Dean that Charlie had left, but as he came closer, Dean gestured to Cas' legs and with a still strained voice, ground out "Looks like you found some pants."
"You know that I would never mess with a little kid, right? Never in a million years?" Mike asked.
"You weren't jealous, were you?" Dean asked jokingly.
"I would hope Claire knows she can tell me anything." Cas replied.
"She can go get them herself. I'm very sorry this whole thing happened, Mr Novak," Donna replied, rising to usher them out.
Kevin struggled to find an answer for her question, but her giggling was the most adorable thing he had ever heard, and he was quickly losing his grasp.
"You think this is funny?" the man snapped, "Did your mama drop you on your head, boy?"
"It would sound even weirder if I told you there were dead bodies buried out here, but really it's just an old cemetery, and all the graves are over a hundred years old, so, y'know, it's really all how you phrase it," Ben replied, "But, yeah, not very normal around here."
Ben stopped quickly as Xander got out, starting back to the shop at a brisk, angered pace.
"I know, usually, pepperoni is a safe bet, but if she's a vegetarian, or vegan, I don't want to be rude."
"Take Hannah with you." Lenore replied.
"When did they find out?" Cas asked, leaning against the wall as Dean bustled around the kitchen at top speed.
She nodded, "Yeah. Got it."
Ben nodded, "So... Man, I don't want this to sound mean, but, do you, like, feel stupider?"
"Maggie, don't you dare. If this asshole tries to shoot me, he's dead, you got that?" Henry said.
Smut is at the end of the chapter, again. Your cue to skip is basically when it's implied Cas and Dean are upstairs, after the Kevin/Margaret convo. You won't miss anything involving the plot.
"Stop telling me to have a nice day!" Rachel snapped.
Dean shrugged, looking around, "It doesn't seem to make much difference."
In the first beams of early morning light, Claire wasn't yet awake, only aware, as a familiar tiny pile of limbs flopped down haphazardly next to her. Unwilling to drag herself to full consciousness, she managed to open her eyes and find, as expected, a tiny round face and scraggly hair, thumb in mouth, and a hint of dried snot under the child's nostrils.
Julie cut him off with a showing wave, "Yeah, go. You gotta try."
Alfie leaned past her, scooping up his phone to deposit it in his pocket once more, and pressed a kiss to the side of her neck before stepping away, "I'm going to print it out, and hang it on the back wall of your closet, behind your clothes."
"No, hang on," Ivan said, sitting forward, "This is something else, brand new direction, okay? New project, not just an album, but like... it's, uh..."
hit you,' and 'did you hit
"You're in labor?" Cas asked.
Claire smirked for a moment before her face fell, "I don't know how long the tests take."
"Focused," she reminded him.
"No."
"No. There's nothing to handle, you told me what Melody was yelling and why, when you called, and even though I haven't spoken to her directly, just from your version, I think she handled it perfectly."
Dean was crouched next to the unconscious child, Cas was opening the first aid kit with one hand and dialing on his phone with the other.
The drive home had been silent, and with a brief, threatening promise of a long discussion in the morning, Dean had sent a very compliant Ben straight to his room.
Cora glared silently as Xander looked up, "Dad, this is Cora. She puked on me the other day, and decided to come over and trash the house."
He lit a couple of sparklers for Ben, and went closer to the driveway, "You okay? You can head inside if it's too loud."
Cas' frustration was growing as the woman at the desk explained again, "We only check the computer to see where the file is, we don't keep digital copies. The paper copies are out right now, they were requested by the sheriff's department."
From the booth bench directly behind him, he could easily make out one of the whispers, "...no child will do well without a father."
"Nevermind, then." Ben said quietly.
"Okay?"
Xander's movements became choppy with anxiety as a hint of red came to his cheeks, "What's to talk about? I mean, we don't really get into this kind of discussion, and it's my business, nobody else's."
Naomi turned an irritated look on him, "There's no call for that kind of language, Samandriel."
Yes... Cas had been staring. "How many cigarettes you got left?"
Claire did her best to make herself comfortable, adjusting Alfie's pillows and stretching out. She missed him, and Chicago felt further away than ever.
Cas nodded, "Yeah, I mean, well, I was surprised, too."
"Then what are you so grumpy about? Promising that lady you're gonna give her kid the best car you got? Keep her safe? That bugs you?"
Dean nodded quickly, assuring him it was true.
"Where else would I be? Why the hell would I want to be home with you right now, after your bullshit yesterday? Everything was fine, I said I didn't need details, but one little fib to shut up Naomi, and all of a sudden, I'm the bad guy, when you're the one actually doing the stuff that bothers you? I don't know or care what you did, but I have done nothing wrong."
Raising the back of her relaxed hand to her mouth to cover a smirk, Julie gave a nod, "Back to sleep, sweetie. Goodnight."
"...So she won't just be dead in a gutter somewhere, just some anonymous corpse buried without a name?" Claire whispered.
Alfie shrugged, "What's to get? She's got postpartum depression. It just kind of happens for some women, right? That's what Kevin said. Well, that's what Kevin said her doctor said. She should have an easier time getting through that part okay, though, since everything else went really well and she's getting treatment."
Cas nodded, "I think so."
"I dunno... Claire might slow things down, though, y'know, all the hair and makeup stuff."
"There's a bunch of rumors going on, and I know better than to believe anything I hear at school, Mom. But nobody ever did anything weird with me, and now, I feel like I can't even hang out with them, because somebody's going to think something's really wrong. I just want to know what you think is happening."
"He's changed."
Nathan nodded and cast a less-than-pleased look back toward the house, "Well, I'd certainly appreciate that, there's a bit more than I thought there would be... Listen, Ben, I, uh... I suppose, growing up with two fathers, you've probably got a thick skin. Am I right?"
"Tell them I'm fine? Tell them the chances are good that the baby's going to be full size, healthy, and not come early, maybe too early, maybe just barely survive? If that?"
Claire shook her head, "I don't want to be there."
"Uh, maybe roll a dee-twenty?" he suggested.
"It won't sound like living inside a stone crypt, like Bobby's house."
In an effort to get off the phone quickly, Cas shook his head and rattled off words faster than he could choose them, "Both collections, Bobby's and Dean's, were left to my son, Ben. His personal pistol, the one he occasionally carried, as he had a license, he left to Xander, but Ben and Xander traded for his car. And not that it's any of your business, but Kevin and Margaret don't have any guns, either, as Kevin doesn't want them in the house."
"You were hiding from me?" Claire asked.
"It is. Either you trust me to make my own choices or you don't."
Jack let out a sharp laugh, "Again."
Lucas set a hand on his hip, "How do you figure Claire is even gonna care about it?"
screamed at him!"
Margaret lifted her head to meet his eyes with skepticism, "So you weren't really going to step down?"
Alfie shook his head, "It doesn't have to be a big deal. But until she's an adult, I just have to make a hundred percent sure that Melody's safe and happy. As long as she's safe and happy, everything will be fine."
"I wanted to give you a couple days, so I didn't tell you right away."
"So, where do you come into this? Are you the one looking into the whole thing with Cas?"
"You ever worry about that?" Henry asked, "That you two might have some kind of misunderstanding, get some crossed wires? I mean, she's around a lot of men all day, customers, too, and then you're the only man at the beauty parlor?"
Ben took the lantern with him as he went back to his room, taking one of Bobby's old revolvers out of a locked case in a drawer and loading it quickly. He did indeed 'sweep the house,' but didn't bother to raise the weapon, finding it highly unlikely anything had actually entered. From the top of the fridge, Millie was silent, watching the open door with the brighter flashlight function on her phone.
"Dean!" Cas started as Claire slipped out of the kitchen.
His eyes still on the page, it took him a moment to notice that Dean had been silent for longer than usual, as his husband would, under normal circumstances, run his mouth.
"You're off today." Dean replied, "Here, take over."
"Did he take your phone?" Katie asked. "My folks take my phone any chance they get."
Alfie shrugged, "That's why there's not much point. Besides, she'd probably leave me out of her will if I did. So, I just have to sit tight, forge my report cards, and wait."
"Yeah?" she asked. He was sure he heard a hint of hopefulness in her voice as she started up the stairs.
Claire shrugged, "You look like the type."
"What?"
"My daughter is both injured and under chemical influence, and if anything untoward were to occur, it would bring only your own morals and ethics into question, do you understand that?"
"Do you resent me?" Cas asked a little too causally.
Charlie seemed to gag on nothing but before she could take a step forward, Dean held up a hand to signal her to stay put. Charlie nodded, and watched as he made for the door as sounds of movement echoed in the crunch of bedsprings and voices of distracted need.
Cas returned to sit next to her, returning her student I.D., and tucking away his wallet.
"He can't do this alone. He'll cave."
"I'm not ready to talk about this stuff just yet, okay? It slipped out! I don't know what I want, okay?" Claire snapped.
Dean signed for the large cardboard package and carried it into the shop through an open bay door.
Jack was cut off as suddenly Liam was being pulled from his arms, and upon turning to see who was taking the boy from him, he found it was only Alfie, holding him carefully, and hushing him, "It's okay. We're gonna get you in your car seat while they talk."
Alfie shrugged, "I figure I head in tomorrow and tell him I'm your girlfriend now. I think he'll understand."
"Oh, my goodness!" the woman with her chirped in overdrawn surprise, "That's you! Isn't it? You're the model?"
"So, we're on for prom?" Alfie asked.
Claire snorted, "Oh, you're barking up both the wrong trees, there."
Ben went quiet for well over a mile before he answered with a quiet voice, "So since you can't have any fun, you're just gonna make everybody else miserable?"
"I don't know. I'm not taking my eyes off him... I would send Alfie to check if one of the guns was missing, but I don't know where they all are, or how many there are to start with, either."
"You win." Cas answered, "What do want from me?"
Cas tilted his head slightly.
"You're not Claire."
"Except for you." Claire was forcing down panic, and not truly considering her words, even as Alfie tried to pass her the phone.
"Raw materials?"
"Wow... Claire, seriously, dump his ass. I'll set you up with Sandman." Kevin said, nudging her shoulder.
"Your parents? Yeah. Your dad lived with me for a year, and even after that, we were both still working at Singer, that's what made Helix so easy. We already knew we could be in the same room day-in, day-out and get along, so-"
"One time. Just one time. They've babysat her a million times, she's happy, comfortable, safe, and this was work-related, I wasn't..." Alfie let himself trail off, causing a questioning look from Claire, "Hang on, I'm trying to think of a nice way to say it."
"The deputy said her home is unlivable... Hoarding... When Xander's ready to leave the hospital, he's got to go somewhere else."
Kevin was a bit less careful removing himself from the couch as Margaret led him away, leaving Alfie alone in the quiet.
The jack was barely going upward now, but soon Claire was trying to struggle out from under the car. With one particularly hard shove against the bottom of the Miata, the car rocked.
Dean's expression suddenly changed, "So, she's...?"
"Mel, nobody here is going to let anybody hurt you," Ben stated clearly, "I was just at lunch with your mom, she said you hurt your elbow on that kid's face... What's his name? Walrus?"
The look on Alfie's face told Claire that her words had come out more hurt than she'd wanted to consider, and he sat up to sit next to her, pulling her close, "We can pretend it was."
"We don't need a swear jar," Xander replied sleepily.
"No, there's a station that comes in close to home, but going toward town, or toward Bridgeway, it cuts out. I can't figure what direction the station is in, but it's a country station, and it's always strongest just while getting onto the highway."
"Is she really working at the shop?" Kevin asked.
Lucas dragged himself upright, doing his best imitation of Dean, "Take your ass out to the yard and pull parts with a butterknife."
The front door opened quietly, and once Xander spotted Lauren napping on the couch, closed even more softly. He did his best from keeping his work boots from making noise as he crept to the kitchen, making note of the many stacks of paper that took up most of the table. Chance reached for him, and was immediately lifted into hug.
Dean nodded. He recalled a rough conversation a few days after the funeral when Ben had been having a difficult time putting his feelings into words. Essentially, he was tired of the constant pity he had been receiving from his friends and their parents.
"I spoil you."
"C'mon, the rest can wait until after dinner, right?" he released her easily and began to backtrack toward the kitchen.
The motions were occurring again, giving Alfie no confidence that the next statement was going to make any sense, either, but he listened just the same, "Her and I are on the same wave frequency, think of it that way. Everything lines up. I love her, she loves me back in a nearly identical manner, that's what counts. Just some people have multiple frequencies, and I guess you didn't notice that part until now..." Kevin let his words trail off slightly, as Alfie gave him a suspicious look, "Well, shit. Yeah, I guess this is overdue."
"Why are you so squeamish? It's art. Hell, if somebody made a Venus de Milo out of me, I'd always just-"
"Absolutely. Cut-throat bastards who value power over human life," Kevin replied, "And the head honcho is aiming to pass on the dynasty to Samandriel only because they told him Claire was off-limits, and to go kick rocks."
"I didn't." Kevin replied, "You just said mine was good."
"Do you think we screwed up? I mean, Dad was pissed last night, and Pops looked really hurt, then Claire coming over here today and just tearing them a new one like that..."
"So, generic girls names? Ann, Betsy, Chrissie, Dora-"
"Well, right now, you are the best distraction in the world, and for once, I don't just mean how hot you are. And you're an amazing mother."
"Are you seriously wimping out over this?" Claire called as he followed Jaime from the room.
Soon, they were close to home, yet theoretically aimless.
"But I just-"
Blake strained against the bolt that seemed to have seized in place as he shook his head again, and scoffed, "Man, this summer, you had all these plans who's family you were going to see for Christmas, what happened?"
"There's always risks. We don't have to say-"
"Getting sodas."
"You really want to work at a salon? For how long? How do I know you're going to stick with this?" Linda asked, on the verge of objection.
"You're worried."
"Then the rules need to change," Xander snapped, "Because I didn't do anything to be punished for."
"Family? But a nanny would be easier?"
"Yikes."
The topic was on the balance needed between pleasing the customer, and retaining profit, and the business sense needed to find the fine line between the two.
"It's twenty miles away instead of forty, so, yeah."
"I don't know what to do, or stop doing to fix it. I told her to back off of Claire, it only got worse."
Alfie swallowed heavily, finding his attempt to lighten the mood suddenly unwarranted, "She didn't seem that freaked out."
"You weren't home. Your husband said you were a principal now, it didn't take long to find out where," Amelia replied, "Also, he threatened my life, which is ending soon, anyway. All I wanted to do was pass a message on to Claire, see if she'd consider giving me a kidney, maybe meet her daug-"
"Oh, I know, but we still wanted to thank you both. It sounded like a really rough couple of days at the end, there," Jess replied.
Claire nodded, "You guys are so freaking weird."
"Oh my god, stop!" Kevin snapped, "Holy shit, I don't know! Why does it have to be now? I barely passed a quiz today, I don't want want to get into crazy shit about your placenta or whatever."
"... and he has a point, I mean, different circumstances require a modified reaction."
Cas nodded. "I told her she was going to have to talk about it when I came back, but if I go too soon, I don't know how she'll react."
"I dunno, she didn't say. I'm gonna ask her about it later."
"-if not, we'll be back in a while."
"Then why do you both reek of bleach?" Cas asked firmly.
Cas nodded, "It's very unlikely he'd come back, and if he did, I'm pretty sure he won't bother Claire."
"As much as I love my granddaughter, she's not much for conversation."
Claire lay the open tube on her bed, and tapped the box into her empty hand, then headed for the door, "Stay out of my clothes."
"Don't you look at his artwork?" Melody asked, incredulous.
Dean gave a hint of a shrug, "Actually... Just the opposite."
"Basically, we are. I think I just saw a tumbleweed pass the bathrooms."
Claire gave a grumpy mumble and sat on the couch, curling against his side, "No coffee for babies, she won't grow."
Cas shrugged and moved to set down the glass, "I'll wait on the porch."
"Thank you," Lucas replied, slightly relieved, but still irritated at the task ahead of him.
She stood by the sink, a prepackaged cup of chocolate pudding in one hand, spoon in the other, wearing one of his tshirts that barely passed her hips.
"Just wait. It's just like I keep telling you, the minute they have to choose, her or you, it's gonna be her. It already is, you said your dad was mad at you, but she's the one who kicked you in the crotch. It's not like you punched her in the tit or something. All you did was tell her to mind her own business and show her you weren't messing around."
"I thought it was a family business? Why's she in charge of you?"
As if on cue, his own phone went off, and he answered it immediately. "Mrs Stansfield? How's Xander?"
"I thought I had seen enough of both of you for dual citizenship," Kevin kidded, carefully swinging his legs over the edge of the bed past Alfie, standing up slowly as many of his muscles had gone stiff.
"I don't remember half of it..."
"No... I mean, define slut... You weren't looking to sleep with anyone who was around, you were just... I mean, you can't be slutty shut in a room with someone you've been in a relationship with for two years."
"Hey, Emma?" Ben called, moving to the stubby, short hallway that awkwardly held the doors to both of the guest rooms, the main bathroom, and the door to the garage, expecting to find her shut in the smaller bedroom. Instead, the sound stopped, and only the light at the bottom of the bathroom door gave away her location.
"Sorry... No, I'm the godfather, and not like the movie. I don't have a cat, so I'm not allowed to make mafia deals. But I can tell you you need a better conditioner, and I can hook you up with that."
Annoyed, Claire left the porch and followed him, "Is this about the snake?"
The man ducked out the door to the sounds of the shopkeeper's laughter and the broken glass of the second one as it hit the floor.
Julie nodded quickly, "I didn't know. It explains so much, though, right? Because I just, I don't know, I kept feeling angry, and empty, even when everything was good, but it was never all the time, so I didn't understand it, but-, God, Ivan... I don't think it's you making me miserable, not anymore. Please, please just give me a couple more months... don't file the papers."
"I shouldn't have let him take the bike," Claire murmured.
A sarcastic look crossed the tiny face, and Dean knew exactly where Melody got it from,
Claire popped open her soda, "You were right, it's helping... So what's the thing I'm supposed to be doing?"
Claire gave a small nod as Ellen hurried off for the gravel road, and from the motion of Ellen's arm from behind, she was certain the older woman was wiping away a few tears as she took her time slinking back into the house.
"Sorry."
Millie frowned, taking another small piece and testing it critically, "Really? ...I dunno, it's just kind of chalky. Might need more butter."
"Seat back, drive carefully, and straight to bed. Then you can make yourself useful and bring her dinner."
"Technically, it was Crowley that I spoke to, so-"
"That is crap, and you know it. I don't have that kind of money sitting around," Dean protested, refusing to look away.
She had already skipped down the front steps when Cas reached the doorway himself, speaking quietly to Ellen, "Cora is a bit, uh-"
"Any sign of Ben and Xander, yet?" Cas asked as he shrugged out of his coat.
Cas scooted back toward the headboard, and faced him more directly, only to find that Dean's skin was cold, he was an odd color, and he wasn't breathing. Panic gripped him, quickly turning Dean onto his back, his first instinct to begin chest compressions at once, but the reality sank in quickly as Dean's half open, glazed eyes failed to move, that if Dean had already become cold, there was no chance to revive him.
She leaned to one side as he reached below her, quickly unfastening her bra, slipping it off of her with slow gentle movements.
He quickly brought the tiny bundle of squirming, gooey limbs down into the towels, wrapping it up and passing it between Claire's legs, and turned her to sit down with her back against the tub, wrapping another towel around her as she went before lifting the baby to her arms.
As Will followed her out, he spoke up, and tried to keep up with her fast pace. "I parked around the side."
With a silent smirk, Cas snapped the end off one of the pieces of bacon, waiting patiently until Dean's mouth was clear before applying it in the same manner. Dean's tone changed immediately, barely swallowing before struggling at his bonds, "Hold on a second! What the hell, Cas? Are you eating that? God damn it, Cas, you know damn well you're watching your sodium! Seriously?"
Claire looked as if she had something to say, but gave Melody an odd look, and kept silent.
"Claire, I'm sorry." Cas said softly.
"You've been really quiet all week."
Sitting down, the bus lurched and began to roll forward. Ben stared at a worn patch of denim over his knee, well aware it would soon become an actual hole.
"And Alfie," Dean called after him, making him turn around.
Cas turned in his seat, and so began as a system of dominoes, a quick falter on Cas' expression leading to one of confusion on Dean's. The confusion led Cas to wave him closer and begin to explain, "Dean, these are friends of mine, Chuck and Ellen. They moved away several years ago, when Chuck's unit was transferred."
"Oh, new word. Great. I see it's only for one person, though," Claire said with a smirk, "But you can't tell me she picked it up from Grandpa, because he's had a lot longer to practice not swearing in front of kids."
Ben nodded and got up to leave, letting the door swing shut, and Cas turned to Jack, "You had to say it? You couldn't possibly think of an alternative word?"
"Did you want an extra copy for your parents?" he asked.
"I always check. I get in the car, start the engine, buckle, check it, then drive over. Every time."
Cas nodded, reaching for the handle of the garage door, "I'm aware, but they're currently very busy. I'd be helping over there if I wasn't completely out of coffee."
"So... Are we going after the Japanese guy? I mean, what's happening?"
Xander shook his head, "No point, just go, I can hang out. If he comes back, though, I'm just going to throw him out unless he has the whole thing in cash."
"I'm fine."
"Take your time," Dean replied, "Just get her out of here."
supposed to be frosting," Millie suggested.
"Cas, Joan is out sick, we're swamped at the front desk, and we just had to pull a student from the cafeteria for fighting. Can you take over?"
Xander began spraying out the shirt, occasionally splashing a handful of the frigid water on his arms, well aware that Cas had joined them, standing further off, "Then I don't know what you want to hear. You want to put words in my mouth, Dad? Write it down, I'll recite it back to you when I'm done."
Margaret pushed the book aside, "You're really sweet to take the fall like that, but what if I have multiple options?"
Alfie picked up the black piece of paper as he spun his chair back to the computer, giving a sharp tap from the back of his fist straight to Kevin's groin as he went.
Dean gave Cas a gentle pressure, rocking back and forth over the sweet spot he'd found, and listened carefully to the broken words in Cas' shuddering moans before he slid down his body, taking Cas into his mouth.
"Okay, look at it this way," Kevin started, making Claire roll her eyes, "Sixteen year old boy, you want him learning about consent from a guy who was in a long term marriage with a woman that only ended because she died, or asking some asshole jock on the high school football team? Because the prevalence of rape culture in our society is-"
"Yes. Can you afford to have her hairstyle fixed or redone?"
"I shouldn't have said it," Alfie mumbled into his hands, "Doesn't matter if it's true, it was bullshit to throw that back at her... It's not her fault she's carrying that kind of damage around, but with her, I'm carrying it, too, right? Second-hand trauma, and all. But she took it way too far, too, that... that hurt."
"Cute."
"You don't have to," Alfie said around a yawn, "I can do it."
"She leads backwards, while trying not to." Dean chuckled, "I'm gonna guess it's a personality thing. Probably helped when she was teaching Ben."
Claire nodded, "Yeah, I really do... I don't think I could ever trust anybody else like this... Did, um... Did you want to stop?"
Alfie leaned in closer as if to kiss her, but at the last minute, dodged and planted the kiss against her cheek. "See you tomorrow."
"I'm still upset about today."
"Oh, that's nice." her aunt responded, "Anyone I know?"
The nurse knocked quietly, poking her head in, "Dad's back, is that okay?"
Late in the morning, Cas joined Dean as he left for the shop, where he was warmly greeted by Mike, who had not forgotten the promise made at Ben's the day before, regarding collecting Melody and going to the largest playground in town. Margaret was already up to her elbows in the filing cabinet, and distractedly shooed them off, satisfied that her son was in good care.
"You don't have to-" Alfie started with a shake of his head.
"Cas," Dean warned over the sound of the air pump.
"You're not cutting my hair, Kev. Hell, I don't let anyone cut it, I just gather it up in front and take off the last inch, anyway." Claire said, once her mouth was empty.
The elderly man had no answer for her, but seemed to get the idea that arguing further was not in his best interest. Claire took her time going back through the door into the garage as Xander slowly stood from the desk to follow after her, concerned by what she'd said.
Reese scoffed, "What do you have to complain about?"
"Um. Emergency. Girl stuff emergency," he answered, as Melody, already in the kitchen, seemed to be making quite a bit of noise.
"Right," he answered with a sigh, conceding her point.
"Oh my god," Ivan breathed, "You're sure? I mean, you had to take that stuff to get pregnant with Susie, this just-..."
"We were good friends for three months, Gabe. Something changed in you when he died, didn't it?" Cas asked as Gabe looked away, "You can't tell me the two things weren't connected. It was two days later."
"No! I need a break, I don't want to talk anymore," Melody choked out.
Uri gave an overly patient blink, as if to make sure he understood what he was hearing, "Nipples for everybody?"
"Fine. Then all I've got for you is 'attentive babydaddy.'" Kevin said, getting up and leaving the room.
"Does that sound anything at all like how things are for Jack?"
"That... it's made up," her voice unraveled in tears, "To control strong women."
At the quiet sound of the front door, Alfie came around the corner from the kitchen, a smirk on his face that quickly softened.
Claire had stopped at the computer to clock out, but now shrank into the space behind the desk, acting cornered. She kept shifting as though she wanted to pace, and backing away from him.
"He said," Jack started...
The two had always had the bluntest of conversations, rarely taking anything personally, but there seemed to be an unasked question hidden in her words.
Dr Thompson's alarmed looked continued, "I think you should speak to Dean about this, this sounds like a hostile workplace."
"Those are their words, though! It's part of them, I can't, you're going to have to-"
Alfie had just finished loading Jaime's plate with slices of yellow squash, or as he'd convinced him, 'cooked banana,' when Claire finally made her way to the table from the couch. Her morning sickness had become more manageable, but she was tired, and trying to stay on full time at the shop in town.
"Um... If this lady's your sister, you guys are really far apart in age, because, uh, not to be rude, but she's... older?" the young man offered.
"Which I did twice before, at the diner. And the first time I didn't have as much help, remember?" she said quietly.
"Yeah, but I'm still out here hanging with you gearheads, hell, I married one." Alfie said, leaning under the hood awkwardly to tighten the cap he'd had half on when Dean had pulled him away, trying not to bump Melody against anything. He proceeded to pull the air filter out, only to find it was still in good condition.
"The bed in the one next to Mike's room is bigger, so's the tub," Margaret replied.
"Didn't stop there, I guess," Dean continued his thoughts quietly, his eyes scanning of their own accord, looking for anything interesting to rest on, anything that could keep him distracted rather than acknowledge another person's presence in the room, "The couple of times my dad managed to drag somebody else into his mess, it'd be good for a while, things would settle down, and then he'd slowly go back to being his same old self. She'd get pissed, they'd both be yelling, she'd leave, and if she was smart, she wouldn't come back."
"If it was me, I'd just get it done. But I'm always careful to put stuff back exactly how it was, so nobody knows I messed with it in the first place."
She lowered him carefully to the floor at an angle that would drop him to the couch if she misjudged her placement or his ability to stand.
"Like, as friends?"
"Yeah, but you slap your name on the sign, everybody would come running back," Dean suggested.
"I have unlimited resources. I can have a team of legal professionals in here by the time you dismiss for the day, and you won't be able to unlock the doors tomorrow."
Dean's arms tensed as he tried to use the bar to hold his weight well enough to move, which worked for a moment before Cas grabbed his hips harder, pinning him down on his length, not letting him do more than squirm and moan deeply.
Dean shook his head, "Her parents are handling it."
"You're not grounded, kiddo, I'm grounding myself," Kevin replied, turning to leave the kitchen.
Alfie slipped his bare arm up the back of her soft pajama shirt, feeling her breathing slow, "Better?"
"...get off my car..."
Margaret grinned, "Yeah, he is... So, what are you going to wear?"
Dean scratched at his forehead, "All right, well, play it safe. I got a couch if you need it."
"It's dislocated. Jaime, you have to stop moving, you'll cause more damage."
Xander's head tilted to the side as he glanced to the phone, "Yeah, but what if you didn't get it from your mom's side?"
Ben chuckled, "Kind of, sorta, but nothing major... I used to hang out with a couple of Rabbi Jake's grandkids, around eighth, ninth grade, and I'd ask him stuff, he had some really good answers... He, um, he told me one time, when I asked him why the world sucks so bad if the was some all-powerful being that could stop all the hunger and suffering and stuff, and what it all means, and he goes, 'Ben, look at every religion in the world, and you'll find the same message. Don't be an asshole. If more people followed that, we wouldn't have suffering.' So, I mean, I laughed when he said it, but I thought about it for weeks, and I realized he was kind of saying he doesn't know, and also, that's as close to any right answer anybody's ever going to get."
"No. I didn't hit him to hurt him, he was in on it. He tried to get me to leave with my boyfriend, even told me to leave my phone so my dad couldn't track me if they made him try."
"There's no way you're that high, that fast. You just lit the damn thing," Dean said after a moment.
(A/N: Plugging along... getting plugged... Not like that, y'all. Somebody sent a request to add either the first fic or the series to a Destiel fan favorites collection. Thanks to whoever pulled that off!
"Yeah... I was doing better about the whole violence thing. Hadn't hit my dad in a while."
Taking a deep look into the bottom of his glass now empty of water, Cas attempted to formulate an answer while he reached for the bottle of Everclear, only to have Sam pull it away, "What?"
Kevin quietly let himself in, and moved through the large empty rooms silently before finding Margaret curled into a ball in the middle of her large bed.
"Well, maybe not to the outside world, but, Claire does live with you... And you've been coming home late a lot." Dean replied.
"Um, I just-.." Ben was lost for words as he shook his head. Across the table, Sam seemed to be looking anywhere else and turning slightly pink.
"When we're all done here, we're still going to get ice cream."
"Of course it is. And I think the Lyttons took it far too lightly... But she had some time, and opened up, explained the arrangement they have. She has legal jurisdiction over where he lives, as long as it's not with her. The Lyttons are considering turning him over after Christmas. He'd have to leave town, there's no one set up for fostering special needs here, even though he barely qualifies. Her brother lives sixty miles away, but she doesn't want him there, either. She said we'd be a much better option."
"So, where's the line, exactly? Or is there a line for you?" Roy asked.
"Five years?" Ben asked.
"It might be easier if you don't have to climb in and out of the truck," Xander suggested as Cas got up from the chair on the front porch of the smaller house, "You want me to get Dad's car out?"
A hint of a smile tugged at the corner of Dean's mouth, but was erased quickly with a critical grunt, "In that tiny house? Even if it's another girl, Mel's gonna want her own room, she doesn't share well."
A short time later, walking to the mailboxes, Ben turned to Xander, "So, sorry about the stairs thing. I thought you were just goofing off."
"I'm sorry, sweetheart. Top shelf on the left." Dean replied with a chuckle.
"He's my friend, too. He set us up for prom. He actually told me to dump the last guy for being a jerk, and said I should date Alfie."
"Hey, do you know if Lucas went to grab that Mustang window from the yard?" Dean asked, before realizing Cas was looking less than steady on his feet, "What's wrong?"
"It's logistics. She can't press charges on me for breaking and entering or trespass at my legal residence. Meanwhile, she pestered your age out of me, so I had to tell her we broke up when you turned eighteen so she wouldn't have any reason to bother you," Caitlin answered, finding her way into the passenger seat, "How would that look, anyway?"
The sound of a second engine, deeper and more muffled than the motorcycle roared to wakefulness and settled into a carefully maintained aggressive purr as Claire's expression changed, and she tossed her socket wrench toward an open toolbox, marching for the parking lot, throwing doors aside as she went.
Pressing the heavy door open to lead her out to the parking lot, Alfie had been about to inquire for specifics, but was caught off guard as a heavy fist met his cheek and sent him sprawling to the pavement.
"Second tooth broke through last night... We have to get her in to see a dentist."
"None of that happened." Claire said, stunned.
"Well, she's Cas' biological daughter, Ben, on the left, is Dean's from a previous marriage, and Xander, there, he was Ben's friend before he was placed with them in a foster arrangement, and then later adopted. But to them, well, all of us, really, we simplify it. They're my wife's brothers, she's their sister, and the boys call their fathers 'dad' and 'pops.' Claire calls Dean by name, but she was a bit older when they met. They're all very close. I'm lucky to have all of them."
"They had it coming. That crap is whatever they drunkenly type up in an email after a panic attack over whatever was on the eleven o'clock news last night."
She set her hands on the low bar and made a failed attempt to lift her slight frame onto it, at which point the girlish giggle he'd been listening for throughout her unexpectedly good mood made a brief appearance, and ever helpful, he gave her a boost onto the high surface, still watching her face that was now a bit higher than his own as she continued.
"It's not that bad."
He checked the time on his phone in order to gauge the period he'd need to come back to a functional point, and where in that time frame that Jaime's bus would arrive. It appeared he'd be functional enough to go home and shower before anyone would be looking for him.
"Yeah, she's gone, don't worry about that." Dean replied, "Who are we calling to get you home?"
"Okay, so, did you want to discuss this first?" Alfie asked, his quiet voice carrying easily through the parking lot as he moved.
"So, just to be clear, Crowley lives?" Lucius asked, ask though the question were both normal and genuine.
"Why do you think that is?"
"What makes you think she's been mistreated?"
He slid off the bed with a smirk, his first thought to grab his boxers from the floor before shrugging the inclination away. The warmth of the room muddled his brain, but apparently he'd gotten each of the condoms into the disposable cup on the floor by the bed as he'd hoped. He tried to piece it together as he went to the kitchen, how after a quick and frenzied session had left them both breathing heavily, they'd talked for some unknown amount of time before going again... How many times? There had been a lot of talking. He remembered little of it, but there were a few things he'd avoided opening up about, even with people he trusted, he knew that.
"When I think too hard about stuff, I guess."
"No... No, Cas, this is... I want to be open about this. It should be out there. And anyway, it's not like Uri couldn't have spread the word to the whole district by now, if he hasn't moved yet, it could have been old news already." Dean replied, "If anything, it just gives me a bigger push to tell Ben before it comes out some other way, huh?"
"I meant right away."
Kevin quietly went back to the main area of the house, catching Margaret's attention over the bar where she was adding syrups and sprinkles to small bowls, "Hey, we need a lockdown, so, bolt the door after me, and if we still have Mike's bed rail in the garage, we might need it in the guest room."
He caught sight of Kevin across the shop, answering a question for a young lady doing a pedicure, likely new at her job, and while he held a haircutting cape in his hand, he didn't seem to be getting any closer to using it. Ivan amused himself by listening to the conversation behind him.
With a nearly imperceptible huff, the nurse hurried away again, disappearing further into the building.
She had seen his repentant behavior over intentional damage before, which was a rare occurrence, and he'd grown out of it, but so many accidents seemed to slip by with just a dismissive utterance of 'oops.' Mistakes never really bothered him, because, like his father, most of his mistakes were academic, and planned.
"Where are you going?" Mike asked, following after her.
Cas ran a hand over his forehead, "Claire has left me completely out of the loop. Where is Margaret living now?"
"The goatee? Yes. He lost a bet with Uncle Jack. Thank goodness it didn't take. It's a personal choice, of course, but I don't think it suited his face."
His hands flew into the air, "Dude, I can't tell you!"
"I'm sure if you apologize, she'll be willing to forgive-"
"No, no rape stuff. Just plain old murder."
Dean leaned toward the mirror, pressing at the skin next to the wound to check, "Nah, it's not too bad... I'll put up with some steri-strips, though, it'll keep it shut."
There would have been so much satisfaction in walking out, or taking Crowley's method and bringing up her failings one by one, but he felt he'd been right in removing the other man from the room, and insisting on peace within it's walls.
Unfortunately, said thump caused Cas to give a tiny squeak in Dean's ear as Cas' chest was still against his own, and he knew the sound would circulate in his thoughts for some time.
Alfie came down the hallway to get his first look at the changed garage. The end wall was gone, replaced by two more bays, nosed in toward the third.
"Wait... How?"
Dean nearly walked into Claire when he entered the hallway. "Okay, let's get started."
He didn't recognize the car, and Claire was still at work.
"Yeah, okay, but better to have a friendly dog than one that'll turn on you." Ben replied, looking for an option to boost his reputation, "Anyway, Smoke-crack helped me train her, and he said at first that maybe I should train her with German words, like they do with police dogs, but my dad said he needed to know the commands, and wouldn't remember them."
"Yes?"
"I have no idea. It just works. You want me to talk to your folks?"
Cas cooperated as Dean shifted his clothing lower around his hips, and shuddered as Dean took hold of him again, wrapping his mouth around him, warm, wet, and soft to start.
"She get violent with you?"
Dean considered the box as he pulled it out of his duffel, and a conversation about protection Castiel hadn't understood. He hadn't even gotten this woman's name at the bar... And if he had to explain this to Castiel, or worse, tell him how to put on a condom right now, she would probably bolt. He felt guilty for not having this discussion with Castiel sooner, but it paled in comparison to what could occur without it. Dean wasn't sure angels could contract anything, but he asked for his help. This was on him.
"Cramps. And sometimes headaches, but the headaches only started when the throwing up started," Melody answered.
Curious, Claire opened the bag to peer in as Kevin began unpacking the other bag on the kitchen table, retrieving container after container and setting them down carefully.
"I don't care anymore!" she insisted, worrying him with how she might mean those words, "I mean, if it's public that I go into a rehab, I'm screwed. If I don't, I don't know, maybe I end up dead."
Dean chuckled, "That explains it. I thought she was just too pissed off to put two words together."
"Which parts were wrong?" Julie asked.
Alfie looked concerned, "Locked up?"
Ben nodded, knowing Dean would get the truth out of him when he got home, "Trey got a bunch of us together... We were going to break in and trash the elementary school."
Claire waved a dismissive hand, "I know plenty more than you do, I've only been running this goddamn place since it opened. I'm licensed for driving everything with fewer than sixteen passengers on board, and we will not touch that damn Kawasaki with a ten foot pole, because your modifications are bubblegum and duct tape. You want a complete rebuild? Fine. We can talk. But I don't put stuff on the road knowing somebody's gonna get killed."
He dropped the gag into the top of the box as Dean's confusion began to change to concern, trying to remember what other warning signs he may have missed. His breathing was a bit shallow, had it been shallow before? He chanced a deep breath and found it difficult, with a growing heartburn-like pain that seemed to be pushing through his back toward his shoulder blades.
"Did Cas call you?"
"I didn't."
"Lets just go see if our ride is here. Just keep it together for me for that long, okay? Just until we're in the car."
"Oh yeah? Huh." Claire replied, pulling out another chuck of the shredded belt.
Margaret cut him off with a rough kiss, "You're nervous, I get it."
And you don't mess with Jaime, because if you do, I'm gonna find you."
Naomi glared silently as the waiter returned, setting a teacup and saucer down, pouring into it from a teapot, and leaving the teapot on the table.
He could, regretfully, picture it. Claire, being brought in on a stretcher, torn to shreds from the accident, blood everywhere, the staff working fast to save her life, and still get her cleaned up before bringing him to her.
"I don't have to stand up to her, because there's no call for it," Alfie objected.
"Of course, that's why I said two out of three, to give you a fighting chance." Cas replied with a hint of teasing.
He turned slightly to give her a peck on the lips, still stirring the taco filling, "I need to talk to you later."
In the middle of that mess was a boy. A boy Lucius found uninteresting. A boy Rachel was legally prevented from removing from the town as she was slowly coming apart due to the isolation pressed upon her by her husband.
Sheriff Mills nodded, "Yeah, I understand what you're trying to say... I have some tricks I can pull with the restraining order, so, unless ordered by a judge - highly unlikely - your mother won't be allowed to post bail for you."
"You have washed
"Okay," Claire said quietly, trying to relax in the warm water.
"You still got my number?" Matt asked, as Harker seemed to slowly deflate.
"Shit, man, she's got you cornered." Lucas muttered.
"Claire-"
Dean shrugged, "Kill him? Kid, you're stressed. And that's your mom. If you exaggerated, even Kevin wouldn't hold that against you."
Alfie swung the door open wider, beckoning her inside.
Jack didn't answer, which seemed to make Trey even more furious. He picked up his pace, however, seeing Cas come out with a take-out bag, and not wanting to miss his chance to get Xander a ride home with the slight possibility of not having to tell his parents.
"You can walk, dickbag. Or maybe that should be dickless." Ben grumbled, pulling up to the driveway as Xander popped open the door of the still moving car.
"And if it's nothing, if I'm panicking over nothing, then why am I panicking in the first place?" he continued as Dean pulled his shaking shoulders into an embrace.
"Cora-"
"Then why the hell would you help her? I mean, why not just let her get knocked around a little?"
"Hey, Ben?" Jack said quietly.
"God, I hope not." Dean replied, settling a hand on Cas' shoulder,  "So, maybe rain-check?"
me. You played a mind game. She got my first date, and a bunch of other firsts, and now look at you. Maybe you fell from the same family tree, but at least she didn't hit every branch on the way down," Ben said, crossing his arms as he leaned against the wall as Aubrey stared at him, agape.
"Because it was working for me." Cas answered, pulling Dean along slowly toward his bedroom.
"Fine. What would you call it?"
"Yeah?"
"You're supposed to enter three, I need to make sure they kind of go together, have a good flow between them, but I also need to make sure they're different enough to show off more aspects of what I can do."
"Asymmetrical near-pixie? Piece of cake," Kevin assured her, "Your mother is going to slaughter me, but piece of cake... And speaking of cake, what do you think Lauren wants for her birthday?"
Claire nearly flinched and her eyes grew dark, at the same time Kevin reached to put an arm around her, "Dead serious. It was hell."
Stopping in the bedroom doorway, her phone in her ear, Claire gave a very scrutinous look to where Ben tried very delicately tried to close Dean's eyes, "Ben, are you okay?"
Alfie sighed, and continued to pat Lauren's back in a steady rhythm, "Kids aren't supposed to hear their parents arguing, we try not to do that at all, but-"
"No, that's okay." Claire answered.
But Claire was expecting him, and he shook it off, letting it wait for another day.
"A trophy?"
"Trust me," Jess said, "After a while, you're gonna hear stuff you won't want to know."
"So, it's a really big yard, and you only use this little part of it?"
"You don't do this a lot anymore," Jaime observed, "How come you're doing it today? Do you have a thing to go do?"
Kevin reached gingerly for her shoulders, quickly finding a pressure point that had given her some relief during Melody's birth, and continued talking, as he was sure another contraction would be right around the corner, "Look, I'm sorry that I kissed you, and sorry I completely lost my sanity and pretty much slept with your husband."
"I wasn't worried about that." Alfie lied.
Alfie chuckled, "It wasn't him. What did they put you on?"
"Shh!" Jack hissed as a teacher walked past, "Listen, when we get to social studies, follow my lead. I got an extra one for you in my backpack."
"No."
"Yes."
"Thanks, Kev...That means a lot-"
"He went for a walk," Claire answered tersely.
"Too bad, there's no women left. Gay sex or no sex. What do you do?"
"Claire, please." Cas said, continuing to the kitchen.
"And twice as wrong!" Cora snapped.
"You do," Susie retorted.
Kevin took Linda by the shoulders and pushed her back to one of the kitchen chairs, and waited until she seated herself. He set his hands on the back of his usual chair and took a deep breath, about to spill everything.
"-say things like that, and you know that."
"Dean's bringing the truck around," Claire jumped to hear Alfie in the hallway right behind her, "You're going to want to see this."
Cas eased himself up from the swing, "Of course she is, you've got an advantage over a yellow dog, certainly."
"Well, I meant Mel, but that pretty much tells me everything," Margaret replied, "Do you need anybody over there, to take up the slack?"
"What exactly am I... Oh... Damn."
"We didn't, exactly. Big misunderstanding, and we just avoided each other after that. There wasn't like, an end-point."
"You didn't tell me."
Angered, Claire quickly started the car and put it in drive, pulling away from the curb and starting for the interstate, "How long did you want to sleep on the couch? Or should I just drop you off at Kevin and Margaret's when we hit town?"
The shop was running as the shop often did, a slight backlog the mechanics were doing their best to clear, phone calls and emails to be answered one at a time, and calls to be made toward automobile insurance companies detailing the requirements for certain repairs.
"Marc's served concurrent prison sentences, one for nearly beating a child to death, the other for attempted sexual assault that occurred during the first trial. Dean knows that, so he'll be well aware of anyone coming around during your trip."
"Why Zimbabwe?" Ben asked.
"Seriously? ...You could've died today, and you're gonna take this time to joke like Claire does?"
He hadn't expected her to be so tall. He hoped it was just the awkward growth of puberty, but he wasn't certain she was eating well... It pained him to tear his eyes away, but he looked around the room. Ash trays, needles, rather suspicious looking trash, and a makeshift bong fashioned from a soda bottle were in plain sight on the rickety coffee table, and between it and the couch, Amelia was laying on the floor.
"You didn't wake me up?"
Cas risked a glance at Claire, who did what she could to hide a smirk as she reached for her beer in silence.
"Friendzone a girl?"
"Dad, relax. At least he didn't get anybody killed, so far, anywa-"
"Not the same thing. She didn't say to throw me at a wall."
"Cas-"
"Well, I would have offered, but, how would that look? Besides, I think the Lyttons are a more likely option."
"Yeah," Xander called after her in response.
"Shouldn't everybody?"
Margaret looked somewhere between anxious and hungry, "Fried egg on top?"
"C'mon," Claire said, getting up, "You can help me carry. We'll put the dog in the downstairs bathroom so she doesn't freak out."
"It was stupid, I put it on a pillow, and just started popping it off until I could do it without really trying."
"Not anymore. Now the whole point is that you didn't tell me, and-"
Cas shrugged, "Grandparents are supposed to spoil children, it's the natural order of things."
"No, I lived, he got three grandkids out of it, he doesn't mind... And his daughter's pretty happy, most of the time, can't ask for much more than that, right?"
"Oh yeah, Julie, too."
"The album artwork, you mean?"
Xander scoffed, but his voice was shaky, "Trey's just using this to hide that he's gonna steal flash cards out of the kindergarten so he can finally learn the alphabet."
"Of course," Cas mused, considering a pleasant and lengthy conversation he'd had with Caitlin regarding religion a year before, "That must be very stressful for you."
He'd considered slipping out to get another look at the construction down the hill, but he didn't want to leave the house, waiting for word on Claire. He cursed his age. Old enough to manage on his own, and too young to be told anything of any importance.
Claire nodded, "I'll tell him to tone it down. Anything else? Sounds like it got a little heated."
"Yeah... It'll work." Dean replied, "We just need to schedule it with the J.P., and we'll save the party for a renewal sometime, okay?"
"Lu-sis."
"Sorry... Are you okay?"
"Hell yeah, it was," Kevin answered with a smirk.
"Hm... Kevin... Yeah, I think it was him. I just remember some kid giving me lip in my own home-"
Cas looked down at the piece of paper in his hands with a small smile as they left the building, and Dean slipped an arm behind his back with a smirk.
"Don't steal my cherry." Julie said quickly, getting up from the table.
She gave a small, dismissive shake of her head, "I stole you from him once, I can do it again."
Claire held back a sharp laugh, "Well, we try."
Kevin attempted to continue taking off strands at what Ivan could only distinguish as 'at random,' while the other stylist tilted her head, "Hey, aren't you that guy? You got started in Lila Steele's band?"
"I'll act surprised. Now, come on, you lean on that too much, it's gonna break."
Castiel shifted to take both if Dean's hands in one, dropping the other to tug softly on Dean's nipple. He released Dean's mouth, continuing his pace. "Yes, Dean, 'holy fuck.' I don't suppose you'd believe how tired I am of hearing that."
Uri frowned and continued out of the office, soon followed by the kindergartener. Leslie reimmersed herself in her computer as Charlie picked up her large box and made for the door.
Ivan shook his head, "So what happened? It got clogged up with butter chunks or something?"
Lauren had gone down for her nap easily in her room, Jaime was in the backyard, somewhere, playing far more carefully than he had in some time, and he had been attempting to work on a piece in the living room when the front door opened softly, and Cas entered looking far less scraggly than he had in months.
Julie went to the door as the knock was still sounding, pulling it open cautiously to find Kevin on the step, "Yes?"
"No, just twenty. He said he's not going to make me do anything he can't do."
Cas paced slightly inside the kitchen as Dean leaned on the wall.
Jim turned back to face them, "This shit head right here. You eighteen yet, Alford?"
Claire shook her head, but Alfie noticed she was already tensing and her breath had quickened.
"You know, we've had a lot of bad shit happen out here in the yard," he mused.
"Cas said that one was Nick Fury, is he right?" Dean asked, straightening his collar.
"Pretzels," she answered.
"It's getting to you, I can see it... C'mon, the kids are growing up, moving out, how many years has it been? Twelve years since you had this place all to yourself?"
"Do you think she's on drugs?" Cas asked.
"Uh, yeah. I guess I did start with that." Alfie confirmed.
"No."
Claire was still holding Melody snugly, and Dean noticed the small child had wedged the toes of her shoes between her mother and the chair.
The information Donna had gently relayed to him was slipping through the layers of his mind, filtering as it sank, distilling as it went deeper, and all the while, it was poisoning his mood, worming deeply into his soul. There was no part of him that didn't ache at the possibilities of how far this much evil could go.
"Ben, dude, the movie thought we'd have flying skateboards that work on water in 2015... And it came out before I was born. Good movie, good with the basic idea, but if you want to get into temporal paradox, you need some of the time traveling episodes of Star Trek 'Next Gen,' or some Doctor Who, because Spielberg was entertaining the masses, not pandering to the critical thinkers." Kevin looked at Ben as the younger boy's face displayed his attempt at wrapping his mind around the conversation they were having. "Too many big words?"
"Will. You're going to stay away from him, aren't you?" Cas asked, trying to catch her eyes.
"I have to embarrass you, my kids aren't old enough to care, yet. Now let me see if I can find a good parking spot so I can pinch your cheeks in front of your friends."
Alfie went silent, biting his lip, and trying not to turn bright red, despite being alone in the hotel room.
"She meant what she was saying to Julie, but you're not getting what she was really saying." Kevin replied, "When she said she was going to try to screw you, it's a totally different concept. She pretty much told Claire she's smart and/or pretty enough to make you abandon and betray her. It's less about stolen property and more about destroying a relationship. You know all the words to 'Jolene,' think about it... but basically she said Julie is welcome to make an ass of herself, because she trusts you not to go stomping on her heart like that."
"You're doing it again," Cas informed Alfie, before turning to Claire, "If there's something you'd like to know about Ellen-?"
"Uh, no. And I get it, you have to protect yourself at work."
"They were in it. I was doing an oil change and stopped for lunch, Mike was still in the shop when I left," Dean answered.
Cas gave a small shake of his head, "You'd do your best anyway. I'm only letting you know what's going to happen if you fail."
Dean nodded, "Yeah."
"You basically did. And I told you what was really going on, and you wouldn't listen."
Will shrugged. "You could. I'm good where I'm at. But if you ditch, I'm gonna be swarmed by all the other babes that want a piece of me."
Dean scoffed, "Kevin might be a decent parent, but I don't think he aims for the whole 'dad' thing. Can't blame him for that, either... Mike's gonna be fine. As long as he's not doing that fake macho stuff to try to make up for whatever you want to call Kevin, you've got nothing to worry about."
"What? Like, where does it go? It gets erased." Alfie scoffed.
Claire wiped angrily at her eyes, as if to curse any sign of weakness to an early grave, "I didn't say that..."
Mike hung his head, his voice small, "I was bored."
"Patient confidentiality, I swear she won't hear anything from me," Ben assured him.
"I'm still worried," Dean grumbled.
"You wouldn't tell Ben that-?"
She had watched as Kevin spoke to Dean, then went for his car, likely ready to get home, and as Dean apparently told Xander to continue working on the truck, gathered a few tools, and made for the back of the house.
Dean nodded, "Oh, we talk about her, alright. Talk about how she's always welcome at our place, even if other people want to talk shit about her, or her family, meaning Xander and the baby. So where do you think these two kids are gonna want to spend Christmas?"
Claire huffed, "She said she wanted to say goodbye before she left. I said I'd talk to you, and I tried. But you were so... I don't know, shut down, and done with the whole thing, I figured I could at least let her have that much, and remind her why if she ever wants to come back, she's gotta remember who she's dealing with."
"Oh, yeah."
Cas shrugged, "He was a rebound that somehow became long-term, not a good decision to start with, but since it bothers you-"
"Aren't you?"
"Oddly enough, she found me. On Facebook." Cas started to chuckle. "She didn't send me a message, just a friend request. No explanation. I accepted it right away, and I went straight into her pictures, and I just started printing them up. It was the middle of the night, I'm printing selfies of some thirteen year old girl, and..."
"I'll make a note of it," Cas said quietly as his hands found Dean's waist, "In the meantime, I feel my behavior warrants a bit more than a box of candy and roses."
"I think your father had a difficult childhood, and while his intentions are generally on track, his experience is skewed."
"What deal did you make? Can you get out of it?" Claire asked.
Alfie sat back a bit further, and took hold of her thigh, quickly lifting her to one side. After a brief moment of what seemed to be fear, she soon settled again, relaxing a bit more now that she could easily get her legs closed. He could feel it as a remaining tremor swept through her, and considered her frightened reaction, "Don't be embarrassed, okay?... That was really hot, actually... In fact, I'm probably going to do the same thing later when I get home."
"I'm not a fucking robot!" Xander snapped, "Love is a thing, my dick works just fine, and I can have a perfectly healthy relationship with my girlfriend! How is that so hard to understand?"
"Um, I can wait in the hall, if you want." Alfie suggested softly, only to be met with a look of fear from Claire, "Or, uh..."
"What?"
Ben's direction had clearly been set for the road, at an angle that delineated his intent to get home.
Despite sitting close to the front, in the usual spot reserved for most grieving widows and widowers, Cas was well aware from his peripheral vision that many heads were nodding in agreement with the rabbi's words.
"Hey Xander, you busy?"
Claire sighed and started for the stairs, "As long as it's not another tooth."
"Yes, we get it," Margaret stressed, "You're playing Kevin up as the girlfriend. It's not edgy anymore. I don't think anyone cares."
He led Ivan back to his chair, and discussed the cut he wanted, and Kevin was soon at work.
"Yeah. Well, most of the time. As long as her body is trying to put back the blood it lost, she still has to take naps, rest up and take it easy."
All at once, Claire's eyes flashed with anger, and Kevin grabbed Alfie, dragging them both to the floor in some mock-up of a rather loud make out session, bumping into the table behind them unapologetically, bringing a chorus of hushed swears from Will, Chaz, and Jim. This soon silenced Will and his friends, and startled Claire into distraction, first gaping at her friends on the floor, then dragging her eyes away to focus on Cas as though she shouldn't have looked in the first place.
Ben shook his head, "Not really... I know he regretted pretty much every time he ever had contact with his dad."
"Yeah, actually. Mike didn't do too bad a job, either."
"Damn right you better!" Kevin said, getting up, and supporting Alfie physically as the two made for the stage. Kevin put a chair in the center, and Alfie sat down straddling it, facing forward, as Kevin got the microphones and told the unamused employee which song they wanted.
The door clicked shut before Claire responded, "Anything weird, you're going to the hospital."
"Are you all right?" Cas asked quickly as both moved to set the trunk down against the wall.
Claire's breathing picked up a strange rhythm. "His truck... It's a really heavy truck. That should've flattened my dad's car... How the hell is he the one who died instead of me?"
Ivan stood in the middle of the living room, shirtless and barefoot, his medium length hair loose, but creased where it had been tied back earlier in the day. Cyndi was asleep on his shoulder with a toy car in her hand, rocking gently as he moved, doing his best to sweep the hard faux-wood floor with a broom in only one hand.
"Mr Winchester, you wish to drop your assault charges against Ms Novak due to reasons previously discussed in chambers, is that correct?"
"How much do you take?"
The softly wrapped bundle in her arms had cooed and flailed an arm, and he was certain that around the ankle of the baby he could barely make out in the sharp summer sun, was a hospital band that carried Caitlin's last name.
Claire shook her head, "I don't want to talk to him right now. And strictly speaking, when he works for Singer, it's at the other location to keep things on the level, so-..."
The door closed behind her, and Melody shook her head, "She says it's nothing, so why is she freaking out, and my dad is rushing home and renting up an airplane? Pop-pop said it wasn't a big deal, too, he's not freaking out."
"Of course, as with Xander, when he was considering looking up his birth father, if you wanted to look for him, I wouldn't take it personally. And if there's some way I could help, I hope you'll speak up," Cas said quietly
Dean went up the stairs quietly, hearing a vague sound of video games being played nearby.
"That's your kid, man. You step up." Dean agreed over the music.
Claire shrugged, "Yeah. So, when did you want to do all this moving, anyway?"
Dean nodded through her continued threats, as the woman berated him, silently motioning to the door until she eventually walked out with an overly dignified huff. With her presence gone, the heavy air left with her, and he breathed a sigh of relief before making his way back to the bays. His day had been long enough as it was, and he'd been counting the hours since he'd clocked in, not so patiently waiting to get back home.
"Because kids are supposed to be with their parents, and-"
"I know. We wanted to wait and make sure."
you said you'd use my dried husk as a bird feeder. You said I belonged here. You said even if anything happened to Claire, or Melody, that I was family, and I had a place here. You need to accept that other people can feel the same way. You need to go get your-"
Sam turned to Dean, where they'd been sitting, having a conversation in their own little world, "So, is this...?"
"Team player, very good. I like that. Samandriel says you're twenty-three. Can you prove it?"
Kevin looked up to see her face in the mirror as he began sorting out her dark blonde locks to look at her growth pattern, "You know your mom hates pink."
Claire shrugged, "Act like a dweeb, and don't worry, you've got that part down, and have him call you out on it."
"Yeah, I know, the backlog at the shop makes it pretty clear. How's that new piece going?" Claire asked, feigning disinterest.
Alfie choked down the urge to laugh, "Hey, that's not fair. I remember driving three hours because you and Margaret wanted to see Rocky Horror, and you were wearing-"
He rubbed at his face to find it barely had any feeling, and wondered at his likely incompetence in preparing his chosen self-medication that warm Saturday afternoon, but as he was about to take stock of how he was feeling and possibly send a text message questioning it to Lucas, a sound came through the static that while never repeated, and even in his addled state, he would privately swear to himself for the rest of his life that he had heard correctly.
"Didn't you keep mine?"
"What did you say?"
"I guessed, yeah. But, I'm not allowed to date college guys, so that's okay."
Julie chuckled as he sat down, "I guess you're right."
"Traveling nearly two hundred miles from home? By yourself, with an equally underaged boy, to see the boy you're dating, overnight? That's hardly appropriate. And in a large city, too. The crime rate isn't exactly appealing."
"I'm too hot for you to go for very long?"
"Nurse Masters, yes. She knows a thing or two about hemoglobin." Cas replied.
Taking the porch stairs two at a time, she was soon through the front door, and paused for a moment before closing it. Cas, Dean, and Ben were all seated at the breakfast table in the kitchen, talking happily. Dean looked up as the door closed, and quickly got up from the table, moving into the kitchen, out of her line of sight.
Claire nodded, "Done. Now, back to sleep. Ivan said they need roadies tomorrow, and I know about your deal, so you're not getting out of it."
Looking back over her shoulder, Melody bolted for Ben's car and climbed in through the back passenger door, slamming it shut behind her and pressing the lock down just as the door handle was jerked from the outside, and a large fist made several thumps against the window. Amidst the noise and confusion, she was certain she heard her uncle tell her to get into the floor and put her hands over her ears, but she couldn't move, and as Ben's door closed with him outside of the car, everything went still.
She shook her head against him, "That's one thing I figured out, okay? I think every time I was missing you how you used to be, it was probably me seeing stuff differently, not you doing anything different. I'm still learning about all of it."
Mike looked as though he was about to go off, burst with attitude at the many factors he wasn't being permitted to comprehend, but he shook his head, "Fine."
"Hm..." Alfie was quiet for a moment before he gave her a squeeze, "Get in the shower with me?"
"A marker? For a dog?" Dean asked quietly.
The area around them was quiet, aside from the usual noise emanating from the shop, voices, tools, engines, and a brief screeching noise as some manner of metal complained at its misuse.
"She's not spoken for, because he's never gonna speak up."
"Yeah, okay, I lo-" Ivan was cut off by the sound of the call ending.
"When we started going out, you weren't ready. Remember?"
"I can't hear you out at all when you take off in the middle of the night, so if you think-" Claire hadn't realized how fast they were going until he slowed the car and turned off the road, crossing a culvert that barely marked a disused driveway through a broken gate nearly overgrown with weeds.
"You don't. But let's face it, if I was going to hurt you, I wouldn't need to drug you first, that was pretty clear getting up the stairs. And your dad's going to be back any time anyway... Drink up." Dean said quietly.
The man turned on his heel, pointing wildly, "Well, he might've been a good mechanic, but goes to show he was a shit father, the way these two turned out!"
"Wait, what? Like the kids?" Charlie asked. Cas gave a small nod, "Cas, that's serious, kids can make or break a marriage, it's not just you two getting married. But you probably get that already, you're a dad."
"You're right. There's coffee on the other side of that big window, where you'd see any approaching cars and be back out here before anyone in those cars could even get their seat belt off," Margaret answered knowingly.
"No, you're strictly on meat-logs and vegetable-of-the-month subscriptions," she answered dryly. Her humor left her in an instant, "You're being honest, right? That this isn't that bad? You'd tell me if it was bad, right?"
"Claire!" Cas said clearly, "Take the boys back to the auto shop, and call their parents to pick them up."
A waitress who looked as though she'd seen easier shifts came by for their drink orders, quickly delivering them as Kevin seemed to do his best to ignore the man across the table from himself and his son, but the itch would no longer be ignored, and Mike knew the words were coming before he opened his mouth, doing nothing to slow them, "I'm sorry, I didn't get your name, or how you know my dad, sir."
"Still okay?" he asked, searching her face in worry.
Having shoved a frozen lasagna a bit more forcefully than needed on her way through the kitchen previously, which had startled Rachel and set the tone for the afternoon, Claire had little left to handle for dinner when she came downstairs.
Mike shifted in his seat slightly, "This doesn't make sense, then. Why wouldn't you just leave him where he was, and let Mom's sister come and get him? They would have kept him at the jail, right? She would have paid the fine, drove him out and flew him home."
Claire squirmed slightly where she sat, and rubbed a low spot on the back of her head, "His hand got caught in my hair, and I freaked out, it wasn't his fault... And he said he wanted to know, so... um..."
"It's Mrs, and I'm in early labor. You want the oil change or you want banned? Sit your ass down."
Puzzled, Dean tore his attention away from the television and let his gaze fall to where Cas' clothes were beginning to strain.
"Let Margaret pick up the phone?" Randy offered helpfully.
"College girls, huh?" Sam laughed, "That's good, though. That shows he's into more than just a pretty face, right?"
Jack jumped off the edge after him, but with a rougher landing, and got up, limping slightly.
"I don't. But you never do much to cover your screen."
Gimme the goddamn wrench. Stop it."
"Mel, go to your room," Alfie said softly, "I think your mom and I need a few minutes."
"Yeah. Hold onto it for me until it's time."
Alfie turned to Ben, "The dog is poop-color. You brought a poop-color dog. To play with a three-year-old with no filter."
Margaret slammed the door shut in anger, "What the hell-"
"I talk to Alfie sometimes, and he said this..." he opened his hand over the table and gestured in a circle, indicating himself, Julie, Cyndi, and their home, "...This whole thing... Well, maybe Cas could help me think it through. So I went over to talk to him about it, and we wound up out on his back porch just talking through it for about three hours."
"She had her chance, and she blew it. That's not your fault, either." Alfie said softly.
"It's not even four-thirty," Cas said tiredly.
"I guess," her voice was a scant whisper in response.
Unable to argue, Alfie moved to the door of the first bay, and closed it. Claire continued to pick up each tool she found.
"Yeah, I know. And, you know, I really thought it was the right call, letting her go help, I mean, she's nearly an adult-"
It had gotten very close to his usual time to head home, let Nick out, grab a sandwich, and possibly throw something in the slow-cooker for dinner if needed, but with another look at the road, he spotted a car approaching the bend in the road far too fast for the loose gravel. He dropped the tool in his hand and started for it at a trot, relieved when it stopped short of the parked cars.
Margaret nodded, turning into the driveway for the shop out of habit before angling toward the house and circling the minimal parking on the bay side of the shop, getting closer, and coming to a stop, "How do you want to do this?"
"I'm not moving. He just fell asleep, I get a little while where he's not kicking me, I just want to sit."
Alfie shrugged, moving into the hallway, leaning on the wall. "There's really nothing in here we can get done, I mean, Dean was getting ready to pull the engine out of that Mustang, but I can't, and you shouldn't. Dean had me spot check the inventory this morning, orders are all placed, nothing's coming in today."
"They don't need us constantly, no. And that's a sign of successful parenting."
"Nothing strenuous?"
"It's the least I can do. Of course, if I find anything of the sort on the internet, those are the same words you're gonna use when I put you out of your misery," Ellen said, gently gripping Lucas' chin between her thumb and the knuckle of her forefinger with a tiny jiggle before heading toward the small house in the junkyard.
"Just long enough to watch her land on her ass."
"Maybe we should double up on date night a bit, at least until we get used to the house being this quiet? Maybe start hitting the movies once a week?"
"You're really not getting it, Cas. He stole my goddamn lock picks, and he figured out how to use them. He planned this. I could have been there, and he still would have managed to slip away with his buddies. As far as I can tell, Claire did everything right. This was all Ben, but you're blaming her for his fuck up. It's not like she knew, or helped, or tried to cover it up. All she was going to do was pay for the stuff and take him home, bring him back in the morning and make him face the consequences of his actions."
Rachel shook her head, "It's so hard to know what not to say, you know?"
"From a junkyard?" Julie asked cynically.
"Okay, and you're avoiding uncooked meats, soft cheeses, alcohol, secondhand smoke, all of that? Are you wearing your seat belt flat across your lap, not up against your belly?"
"Oh, yeah. Next, over-scheduled vacations, fanny packs, socks and sandals, and dad-jokes."
"I don't know what the hell that means," Xander said quietly, if stressed.
"Did you have to do that?" the boy asked as his friend, still on the edge of consciousness and only partially wakened by the physical intrusion coughed and sputtered, ending in a weak, plaintive groan.
Claire trailed off as the sound of footsteps came from the front porch, and the door opened quietly. Cas entered with a large, full sized shopping bag, and a medium sized duffel, but quickly noticed the amount of stress on both Alfie and Claire's faces, "Is everything all right?"
"She threw a bunch of stuff on the floor, and, I don't know, it was like she wasn't even thinking about it at that point."
Kevin was leaning against the wall of the house next to him, also getting a good look at the brand new baby when headlights flashed across the yard, and Alfie's car pulled up as close as he could get before getting out and going straight for the door.
"Perfect for me. Real conversations, not bitchy gossip and crap about fashion lines."
Claire shot him an odd look. "Why?"
"No." she said quietly, shifting to get her fingers to his throat as he leaned in close to kiss her properly.
The knife in his heart twisted further as Dean stood, carried the wrappings of his food to the trash can, and started for the living room.
He was still a little skittish about Millie's parents and grandmother, but none of them had had anything to say to him regarding her moving in with him. Nothing negative, anyway.
"Yeah. My mom called somebody a -"
"Pops, I love you, but if you take Mel around this bitchy rape-skank, I will never forgive you. Nobody would."
"A motor." Claire replied.
Naomi got out of the car leaving the engine running as she had decided to face the teen directly, "I will have the police remove you, and your parents will-..." she was suddenly quiet as she got a good look at his face, "Tran, right?"
Claire didn't move, or attempt to speak, but as Dean reluctantly waited with his hands dripping, he caught sight of something he didn't like.
Alfie attempted a laugh, but all that came out was an anxious cough, "So, um, with all the guns over there, we were wondering if you wanted to leave them there, or store them somewhere else, but we're bo-"
Turning to Margaret, Dean pointed down the hall after him, "Is that true? This guy sucks?"
"Yeah, and it's not a load-bearing curtain, Pops," Xander replied with a chuckle.
"Is that what she said to you?"
"Dean-"
"Have you ever been to their home?" Rachel asked as Naomi drove.
"Last summer. Emma wasn't there, and a year is a long time when they're this young," he replied.
Alfie shrugged, "I don't see why it matters, it's not like you actually want to spend any time with me."
The woman took down another note while Hannah seemed to be taking a moment to contemplate his choice of words. Garth, however, was doing his best to hide an amused reaction, and failing at it miserably.
"Um, Mel-" Alfie paused, trying to sort out his jumbled thoughts as his medications had slowed him cognitively, "Today's really not the best time, Mom had a rough day-"
Claire kissed him, softly at first, and his expectations dropped, but she soon became more insistent as she pushed her own reaction further from her mind. Alfie considered the probability that she was slipping back into her hectic and more forceful state, and took the initiative as she started to move to press him back down on the bed.
Ben layed the clothes over the top of the box and headed back upstairs.
Unhappy with the way she'd snapped at Melody, but also irritated by Rachel's unending helpfulness, Claire opened the high cabinet above her, and passed her mother in law a heavy stack of thick plates normally unwieldy enough that they were used only when an extra set were needed during holiday dinners.
"Somewhere else. Don't look for me until you sober up."
"Claire, breathe. It's me, okay? It's me. I'm sorry I grabbed you, but you were gonna rip half your hand off. Let me see it."
Dean nodded. "Okay. But if this kid is going to keep saying this stuff, and Ben is going to wind up in here whether he hits him or not, you're not giving Ben much reason to hold back."
Claire shook her head, "I'm not going to be able to keep working... I'm too tired, and my grades are starting to slip... Sorry I didn't tell you, but I need to graduate."
"He's lucky to be alive. He's lucky he still has use of his legs. And he's lucky he was wearing his helmet that day, or half his face would have come off on the road." He went to the first bay and closed that door as well, leaving the garage dark. "His motorcycle was a complete loss... God, you know, this is the only place in town with a rig to tow a bike, so they called me out there to get it off the road, the ambulance had already left, and I knew it was his bike, but they couldn't tell me anything, couldn't even say if he had been alive when they got there. It's the mangled chunk of orange over in the back of the building where he doesn't have to see it."
"I'm sorry," Dean continued, shaking his head as though the motion would clear it, "I trust you, I swear, I just... I-"
(A/N: Anybody feel like screaming at a couple of characters? 'Omfgwhatareyoudoing!?' Just me? Yeah.
"It was Samandriel's idea. Melody wasn't impressed, and Jaime was quiet for the whole thing. I might even do it again at some point before I leave."
"Yeah, I looked at it a few weeks ago. It's probably pretty quiet, and Ben has lots of space." Sam answered, "Probably a nice change from the city."
"Yeah, not with kids. What's she drive lately?" Claire asked.
"And then, what?" Ivan asked, "What happens after you remove all that stuff you took out?"
It was hard to miss the look of shame on her face, but he did his best to show sympathy without pity.
Margaret was still watching through the window when her phone started to ring. It was Linda's number, and her hand shook slightly as she picked up.
Cas sat back in his chair, and turned toward the wall where, under Gabe's advice long ago, several varied family photos were framed, along with a crayon drawing Melody had made.
Lowering the book, he found two rather expectant green eyes staring up at him with annoyance before the book was gently but firmly removed from his hands and set aside. Within seconds, Dean had raised himself on an elbow and was getting his legs under him as he kissed Cas roughly, hungrily, and dragged him further down the bed below Dean. Cas breathed heavily through his nose at the unexpected displacement, more curious than he was concerned at the interruption while Dean's hands slid into his clothing and the blanket was quickly shifted away, bunching up around his knees.
Mike had braced himself, "I decline to participate in any discussions regarding Cas Novak without one of my parents or guardians physically present."
"You wanna go, shit for brains?"
He shook his head, "No. I just want to know what to expect and plan for, so I know how to set things up for him."
"Okay, fine, nothing but a pile of garbage, but with a high school diploma, and only because I promised Dad. But he doesn't have one, and he's still making more out of his life than I ever will."
"Bitch," Claire whispered under her breath.
"I don't know if I can." Claire replied.
"You said you let Crowley kill him."
"You do like shiny stuff."
"Every day."
"Fuck off," Cora replied, her voice softening.
"Sure," the doctor answered, "Stress makes you clumsy, forgetful, stress can be the underlying cause of a house fire. If you're worried about stress, handle it. Anything else, be sure to ask the nurse or Melody's pediatrician before you do anything that isn't on your release instructions, and have a nice day."
Claire chuckled, "And gotten a gun shoved in your face?"
"That was not." Alfie said with a grin, "That was a train wreck, and it's my fault."
"I'm not doing this over nothing. I called Margaret earlier to check in, Kevin's acting weird, you were there, you're involved, you've got a history that means you might handle this badly, and-"
"Well, under these rules, we might as well have them in uniforms. Articles that display any type of religion have to be easily hidden to avoid offending anyone, like when you had to tell Ms Graham that the girl with the pentagram necklace didn't have to tuck it into her shirt? Not to mention the three boys with yarmulkes, and I don't know where to start with the little girl with the birthmark on her cheek who wears her hair over it, that wouldn't be allowed."
"Ben, I know this is a difficult time, but if there's anything I can do, for either of you...?"
"It was good," Jaime said happily.
"Yeah."
"Right," Claire answered, "I was just being a bitch."
"She won't turn out like you did. Not if your mom is any indication." Alfie replied.
Cas tilted his head in a mock shrug, "It gets worse."
"That was Maggie Curtis."
Rachel approached apprehensively, looking around the booth, "Where is Melody?"
Kevin slowly came around. Everything around him was the best combination of warm and soft, and there was a sweet scent close by. One soft fingertip was delicately tracing his earlobe.
Alfie shifted awkwardly and refused to meet his eye. "I don't know how Claire would feel about that, and... Dean, that's, um... kind of creepy, considering..."
Cas pressed close, resting his lips against the side of Dean's neck.
She delivered a playful kick against the side of his thigh, "Don't be funny right now, I'm too sad to laugh."
Julie rolled her eyes and held still as his hand settled on her stomach, "I guess staying is out of the question."
"I was never really good with that to start with," he mumbled.
Dean stopped, still agitated, but turned slowly, nodding, "Yeah, I guess it won't change anything right now, huh?... Not a damn thing I can do."
Cas grinned, "You go first when you bottom, Dean. You didn't want that this time."
"You tend to find your way in here when something's the matter, and otherwise, you're busy."
"Yeah."
Alfie shrugged, "Might as well be. But he wouldn't take that kind of risk."
Cas took a moment to gather his thoughts, then nodded, "It's fine... She hasn't been sleeping very well... Of course, I want my daughter to be comfortable, and happy. However... Si je deviens grand-père dans les quatre prochaines années, l'homme responsable sera forcé de manger ses propres testicules... I'm sure you understand."
"Claire-"
Xander rolled his eyes, annoyed by the close proximity of the girl from the cheerleading squad. Even having made the football team, somehow Ben was still more popular, and he regularly felt like a prop in the background.
"I can," she replied.
Dean shot Julie a warning look.
"So, she just went and-"
"Is that right?" Claire asked nonchalantly.
Pulling the door closed, Dean quickly took a seat next to Ben, "Yeah, what's up?"
Part of it had been an aversion, but also, the description paired with an ancient birthing goddess statue he'd seen in a museum once during a summer vacation in New York. Of course his parents had wandered away, leaving him to his own devices, but there had been a clear description on the display, and he had found it fascinating.
Ben had slipped out onto the back porch unnoticed, finally speaking up, "Was that all she blew?"
"Mom... he cheated on her. He hit her. He made her walk miles in a cold rain because she wouldn't sleep with him. He was not a good person."
He took his phone with him as he went downstairs, listening intently. Ben's voice certainly sounded happy, even if he could only pick out the occasional word. As he got closer he could manage the conversation, Ben was talking about an English teacher he hated, and Cas was sympathetic, but stressing the importance of working hard and being respectful in spite of the situation.
He pulled Cas close and kissed him more insistently, "I can make up for it, now."
"Yeah, okay... Did you find anything else in there?" Claire asked.
"I'm going to big as a cow, and tired, and she-"
"Because a guy should always ask first before he gives you a pearl necklace." Margaret had barely gotten all the words out when Kevin's hand came up, quickly covering her mouth.
"Porch stuff in the house? That might have been fine with Dad, but Pops cares how the house looks."
"Cas!" Dean admonished.
Margaret shook her head, "Just go with it. And my folks already left for their weekend trip, so since I'm four houses down you have an escape plan. I'll leave the back door unlocked."
With practice and experience, Alfie tightened one arm around her, pressing the back of his other hand into hers. She grasped it firmly, accepting his reminder that she still had control over what was happening to her, as they'd rehearsed many times.
"Because we're straight?... Are you seriously going there?" Claire growled.
"You just completely lost me."
"He hit me with a phone. It's not even healed up all the way, look-" Xander said, pointing to his lip and chin, leaning closer, "I didn't do anything wrong, but he did. There's nothing fair about this."
"The hard part is," he continued, "How do you tell your child, your baby, that she looks like ... um, inappropriate, without ruining her self image?"
"I don't. Get in there."
"Claire?" she asked cautiously.
"If you aren't, if you need space, or if you need me to stop you when stuff gets too... y'know, I can do that." Alfie was barely whispering in the quiet stillness, but she could make out every word, "Just... please don't shove me away. Don't ditch me."
"What do you want for breakfast?" Kevin called, sitting up and rubbing his eyes.
Mike nodded, "Maybe. Or maybe they're young and stupid. Or maybe they already asked somebody, or they got scared, or they just aren't into you. Could be a lot of things. But at least you aren't planning to stay home. We'll get Pop-pop playing games in the arcade before we call it, it'll be fun."
"No, he was gonna pick up pizzas."
A touch of a smile pulled at the corner of Cas' mouth, "I understand. But give it twenty years, and you'll feel the same. Taking care of grandchildren takes stress off of adult children, since that sense of responsibility never leaves."
"No, we need to be able to agree on something. This is getting completely stupid, and we can't keep fighting about stuff that involves our child."
"The word 'skeeze' comes to mind. Just emancipate, man. It would fix everything. Your mom's never going to fly back from Europe to contest it."
Cas had been startled enough, and now had such a wrestling match on his hands that he hadn't noticed Claire had pulled her phone out until she had it to her ear. She sat down in the closest chair as Melody continued her fussy tirade in his arms.
"Not so bad."
"What's the deal with this, anyway? Why are you suddenly doing more than usual?"
Claire shrugged, "What's to talk through? Obviously you want to be under one roof, and then there's Ben, but, I've got some news, too."
"I guess? I don't know. He's yelled at his aunt more than at me, so, maybe he doesn't hate my guts?"
Looking after Ben, Dean slowly turned back around, "Well... If he's gonna pretend we're not here, may as well do the same, act like we didn't hear him come in, put on a movie nice and loud and make out."
Slowly, Claire turned off her screen and set her phone aside, only to pick it up again to check the time, and set it down once more, "Okay... the problem is her, though. And if you, or Ben, don't tell her to stop, she won't."
"Yes. Any time, I thought I was clear about that... Are you okay?"
Margaret reached for Kevin's hand as he drove. He considered telling her about the tattoo, but the pain of explaining it to her would have ruined his lighthearted evening, and he decided to let it wait.
Alfie shook his head, "Don't worry about it."
What the deputy, and even the medical examiner were entirely unaware of, however, what even Dean himself would not have known, was that when the blood clot blocked the flow of blood in Dean's lung, slowly causing his body to shut down, he was nearly wakened by an accompanying cough. Medically speaking, he was semi-conscious, his brain beginning to hallucinate on the edge of sleep and the edge of death simultaneously. Listening to the sound of Cas breathing, with a feeling of warmth and safety, he did, indeed pass from his life in peace. However, he had also managed, if only by instinct, to open his eyes, which was why, at the time of his passing, Cas' face was the last thing he saw.
"Mike, chill."
"Mike, honey? What are you doing?" Claire called, her motherly instincts taking over.
Dean dropped his conversation with Ivan mid sentence, alarmed.
Off to write something graphic for the honeymoon. Love you guys! FW)
Alfie chuckled, "Do you know that from experience?"
"Just give her back the phone, and leave. It's fine."
"Why? He could just say no."
"Of course I meant it. It's okay, though, I know you only married me for my looks," Dean replied.
"Don't!" Margaret chuckled, "Leave him alone, he only does this every couple of years. He needs to sleep it off."
The slight tap at the door interrupted him, and Cynthia slipped inside. Her face was far less colorful, naked skin with some sort of damp looking care product on it, he assumed, and she'd sorted out her hair for the night, far less a mess than the one that had followed him in from the car. Her eyes were still red and puffy, and even across the room, there was a hint of a sniffle.
Legs entangled, although still clothed, Cas let himself relax into the taste of Dean's kisses and the feeling of calloused hands wandering his bare torso until Dean pressed him onto his back, starting in on his nipples in earnest. There was no question as he could feel it against his thigh that Dean was as hard as a rock, and a spark of jealously and resentment began to grow faster than he felt other things should've grown.
"Of course."
"Not this again."
Claire could easily see worry on Rachel's face as she spoke quietly once more in French, and as her anger was welling up, it was that concern that kept her from unleashing it directly.
"Great start, giving me a damn heart attack." Claire snapped.
"Bad dreams?" Cas asked in the darkness.
After a long, awkward silence, Cas shifted in his seat uncomfortably, "I suppose it isn't too personal, Charlie would probably be able to get it out of me... I had complained that after the heart attacks, I had the energy of a seventy year old, and Dean, as he was already half asleep, well, he said that I had the ass of a thirty year old."
Cas was about to say more when a quiet creak slowly built into a loud one, and the snap of wood left them on the floor.
Cas shook his head, "I don't know what's going to happen. I just know he was still breathing when they put him in the ambulance."
"Cas! I knew you'd be back," she said, greeting him with a hug as he stood, "What's with the tie?"
"Explains the book bag."
"It's high because it's so hard to be there, babe. That's never going to change."
"Yeah, she was out here about a week ago to vent. I guess I had it in my head she was getting over it. Alfie said he talked to her for a bit before I got home, and she seemed fine a few nights ago. How's she doing at home?"
Cas attempted to hide a rather stunned look by bringing his gaze back to the small, yawning bundle in his arms, "I never pictured Claire as the type to want a large family."
"Just go away!... Fuck off, don't touch me!"
"Not hardly," Cas replied, "Just giving you a moment to think of a reasonable argument."
"While we're waiting," Cas said softly, adjusting to take her hand more easily, "There's something Crowley asked me to speak to you about."
"What's going on you couldn't tell her you found her baby pictures?" Margaret demanded.
"You wish it had wifi," Kevin joked, "But, no, I turned off the pool, so I think you're okay on that one."
"Don't ask." Randy replied.
Dean looked to the floor next to him at the expectant dog, and pointed to the bed, "Nick, get him up."
Coming in a bit late, Cas noticed Kevin and Margaret being shown to a table, and just behind them, Alfie and Linda. He took one more hopeful glance to the door and spotted Gabe, who quickly took a seat at a table near the back.
"Or, you can wimp out and stay here with him, like a whiny bitch." Trey said, stepping closer to Ben.
"You really wanna split hairs right now?"
"Smart lady." Cas said as his laughter calmed.
"When he's angry, maybe. Usually, no."
"Right away, sir," she answered with a look of relief, hurrying away to the other end of the building.
Ivan choked on a round of hushed laughter at her candor, drawing unwanted attention from the attendant at the desk, and tried to quiet himself.
Despite their awkward position, he wrapped his arms around Claire's shoulders. He was half surprised she didn't move or pull away.
Cas heaved a sigh, "Yes... She's alive, and she's expected to stay that way."
"No, she said it was the other way around." Cas replied.
"I don't know! She just said it was gross... Do I take her to the hospital? What do I do?"
He'd been sitting for about ten minutes, studying the lights from the surrounding buildings and the street below, when his phone began to ring.
He glanced at the opening of the stubby hallway where the doors to the two occupied guest rooms sat closed, "Well, uh... Today was pretty easy, for them, and it still wasn't easy. They're kind of crazy to deal with, but we've handled things pretty well, with them, with my cousins, and any time Jack brings Liam over, I mean, I think we're good at this."
"Yes."
Catching his meaning, she rearranged herself in his lap, "God, that was a long time ago."
"I... Look-..."
"Sexual."
Claire chuckled, taking his nearly empty glass in her free hand, "Let me get rid of these, and I'll meet you at the door."
Dean shrugged, "You have seniority, that's why you're training her, get you both used to your new positions in the chain of command... What would Bobby do?"
There was a concern in his eyes than made her question whether he believed her, "Look, we had to make the same rule about Jaime's nosebleeds, if you throw up, you have to tell us. It's one thing if you ate something that didn't agree with you, or if you have a stomach bug, but bodies aren't meant to have that acid coming up, it's extremely unhealthy. I want you to pay attention, try to figure out if any food might be setting it off, maybe you're just allergic to something, and we can cut that out, okay?"
"There's still time, right?" Claire asked.
"I miss you and Dad, and-, I'm sorry I got in trouble at school. Pops took me to meet the high school principal, and she said if I quit slacking, they'll let me move up, and I really don't want to be kicked out from you guys," he paused as a hormonal torrent washed through him, bringing forth a flood of emotional gibberish, spilling his words in a manner only someone caught between childhood and adulthood seemed to be able to do, "I keep doing stupid crap, I don't even think about it, and I'm trying to stop. Really, I promise, I'm trying to stop. And I should have known better about the car, that was stupid. And, just, I can't throw my tests anymore, and they're going to make me skip grades and actually work for it, but I don't care, because I know you want me to stay in school, so I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna keep trying, and stop being an asshole, and I'm really sorry, Mom."
"We were trying to keep it quiet, keep it put away, and now," Dean explained, quickly losing any hint of composure, "They're all over the floor, and I'm up to my knees in your toy collection."
Claire smiled slightly, "Dean's gonna thank you for that later, if you didn't just permanently stunt his emotional growth."
"Enough to derail your train of thought. Which one, dark or white?"
"Knock yourself out. Oh, and we aren't announcing yet, just the kids are supposed to know."
Alfie was the only person who hadn't said she needed to give her father another chance. He would listen, and he'd given her the chance to unload, but the whole she'd crawled into seemed to be big enough for both of them, and he was content to go along with her lead.
"I missed you," Millie whispered.
"How much of that was the tequila?"
"I'm sure you've come up with your own scenarios."
"Nuh-uh," he replied dismissively as Millie's face began to turn red and her shoulders started to shake.
"You better stay out of the damn shrubs, asshole!" Lee called after them.
"Yes?" Dean asked suspiciously.
"What?" Kevin looked at her quizzically before grabbing a loose pillow by his hip and giving her a gentle pop in the face with it, "You're a pervert."
Through two open doors, Alfie easily heard it as Melody started to fuss, and waited quietly to see if she would actually wake. Once it was clear that was her plan, he slipped out of bed and went to the crib as quietly as possible, closing the doors as much as he could without making any noise. Guilt weighed on him, knowing the stress it was already causing Claire with his trip quickly approaching.
Obviously conflicted, Mike shook his head, "I can't."
"The kids go on different days, just like the doctor and the dentist, so they get the full attention, otherwise-"
"Yeah, I'll marry you, but that thing-"
"Don't be. It's him, not you. It's not like you want him around." Ivan said quietly.
"Do you want to talk?" Cas offered.
After a moment's reflection on the odd event, Dean turned back to Sam, "So, how about you guys? Jess and Emma, how are they doing?"
"Safe?... So you're going make sure my kid doesn't get attacked on the bus, or wake up crying in the middle of the night because some kid told him his mom is in hell?" Dean asked, leaning to one side, and pulling an ankle up onto the opposite knee, his voice giving away his irritation. "Because if being a single father is somehow suspicious to you, you should know, I'm in the exact same boat."
Xander glanced over his shoulder at the door, "Think she's gone, yet? I still kind of want to get lunch."
"Claire, what happened?" Cas asked softly.
"But-"
"Oh, sure. Don't want to ruin my rep." Ivan chuckled.
"Is that the one with the holes?" Cas asked, motioning to the towel wrapped around Dean's waist. Dean avoided his eyes, thus answering the question inadvertently, "You said it was going to the garage. I bought new ones."
"Oh my god, you're still alive... great. And you still work here." Julie said sarcastically.
"Yeah, check. You don't want me trying to bake stuff," the customer chuckled.
"You don't want to start any shit with me, okay? I'm not in a good mood," Matt growled, "How long until he gets here?"
Julie was listening intently and startled as Alfie suddenly appeared and passed her a mug, quietly passing her to sit down with his own.
Ben held steady as Claire put a gentle hand to Melody's forehead, brushing aside her clumping bangs, and feeling the heat Ben mentioned as soon as she hit skin. She set her coffee cup down and took Melody from Ben, stroking her hair away from her face as melody curled against her shoulder.
"I guess not. But I'll tell you what I can do, I can call up some buddies of mine, tell them to leave the lube at home and find out how you like it, getting the same treatment. Twice, right? You know, they say the bad shit you do comes back on you sevenfold. Or comes on your back sevenfold, I'm not really sure. But twice, seven, so, fourteen... Which is how old she was, how's that for a coincidence?"
Cas sighed, rolling his eyes, "Melody is a very intelligent child, bordering on precocious. I doubt a few pages on world religions are going to change her mind."
"Okay, well, good job. I guess we'll keep you around a while longer, even if you are a girl." Dean said with a hint of teasing.
Ivan nodded, "Okay, so... We think about it for a while?"
"You said you were going to be fine."
Soon, a black luxury sedan stopped at the curb with the plate number Crowley had emailed to him, and he had Amelia get in as he loaded the trunk before the driver could help. He went around the car and took the seat beside her.
"Beat him to death. He's got the cushiest desk job ever, you can take him, then I inherit, so nobody can pay to kill you back. We say it was self-defense."
"Yeah?" Cora asked as Xander lowered Melody to the floor by one arm, "What's the baddest word you know?"
"I don't know. I just know it's going too fast and taking forever at the same time." Margaret replied, checking her phone.
She had a very good understanding of how little she knew regarding cars, and the idea of Cyndi tearing around town, and even the county or state, on her own terrified her.
Henry started to raise his voice, "She's my daughter, and-"
"Give me the phone."
"That's a good one," Jack replied, trying to sound encouraging.
"Gimme your shirt," Dean replied, pulling it from Cas' arms before he'd finished speaking, "I got blood on you, this needs to soak."
"I was with him all night, he is not fine! Did you see his face?" Alfie asked angrily.
Turning back to his daughter, he attempted to keep his amusement under control as he watched her shake her head, "I can't believe you guys."
"That's not happening right now." Margaret replied.
Alfie shook his head, "When I was about three, my dad got this idea that it would be better for me to grow up in a small town. He had this business partner that treated people like crap, and he was worried I wouldn't learn to respect people. So we moved out here, and I guess he was right, but they both hated it here, so..."
"Oh, last week. I dropped it for a couple months, it didn't make any difference. I'm still drinking plenty of water, anyway, this way I'm not as tired, that's all," Ben assured him.
Claire quietly went to the front desk, and sat on the large empty space usually used for paperwork. "When you're done, I need to look up these codes and how to fix them."
"Somebody has to flip the burgers. Besides, you love burgers."
"Three of what?" Ben asked, "Wait... You were looking for Millie, because-. No, she's not pregnant."
She set the nugget down on the plate and tried to ascertain whether Cas was, in spite of his grief and depression, in a healthy enough state to hear about the details, "The longer it's been, the harder it is to remember anything before I got here. I know that's not normal. Everybody else can remember starting school, or some second grade field trip, but for me, it's just hazy."
"Just seems like-"
"I took her inside, one of the crutches broke," Mike explained.
He felt the bed shift heavily as Dean turned over, slipping an arm around Cas' middle below the blanket and resting his chin on Cas' shoulder, "Don't do that thing where you don't talk, babe."
"Are you going to sing, dad?" Ben asked over the music.
"Yeah."
Dean clammed up and gave a dismissive shake of his head as a waitress stopped by with a pot of coffee, gesturing to the cups already set on the table upside down, and Dean turned his over to indicate he'd have some, and waited patiently as she filled it before repeating the same with a second cup for Cas, who was a bit further out of reach for her. "How about you?" she asked, turning to Ben.
She shot him a skeptical look.
"Yeah... Are you okay? I mean, apart from the... you acting all kinds of stupid thing."
"Yes."
The twisted metal heaps and the newer, or sometimes, classic, junkers and wrecks didn't put him off as they might have done for some people. Cas cast a look across the place in consideration, "Of course. This place holds plenty of fond memories for me. I'll be comfortable."
Dean cringed, "I'm sure that got his attention."
"But we could hear it through the door," Melody said quietly, "That guy said Cyndi wasn't really Ivan's kid? She looked mad."
"She went out to meet up with her friend. She'll be back for dinner at your dad's tonight."
"That's the first place your brain goes? Getting in trouble?" Claire chuckled.
"It's not work? You were supposed to be home all summer with the girls. You said not to sign them up for summer care, remember? And on top of that, you've been palling around with Alfie, doing this big project, I have no idea if you're paying attention to them at all!"
Cas turned to get a better look at her face, noting a couple of tears on her cheeks.
"Ask Wallstreet, or the government... But you could have expected her to attempt flirting and possibly a few dates rather than just making him uncomfortable right away."
"Yeah? Does she drive him to baseball practice? Or teach him how to spike his hair up in a mohawk on the weekends? Or let him tag along with her and her friends to movies he's not allowed to see?- Yeah, I know about that... And does Jack hear about any of that? Or just the parts that suck?"
Mike was quiet for a few minutes before he spoke again, "I like cutting paper. It makes crunchy sounds."
"You remember when you fell in the hot tub?"
Blood seemed to be pouring from his wound, and Claire was already screaming for Dean as she tried to apply pressure, not sure where the edges of the wound were, obscured by red liquid and matted dark brown hair.
Margaret forced a chuckle, giving her belly a pat, "Of course not. Dad's in the car."
Wiping the sweat from his brow, Dean took a few deep breaths before gathering himself and returning to his task of removing the passenger side door of a classic Volkswagen Beetle. He wasn't a fan, but he had to admit they were certainly sturdy.
Cas closed the door out of habit, and circled his desk to take his seat, "Something's wrong?"
Cas scratched his eyebrow and leaned forward, exhausted from the day that was only half over, "Is she going to tell Ben?"
Alfie ruffled his hair with his fingers. "What's going on?"
"Not beer, though, right?" Dean asked with a chuckle.
"My name's actually Samandriel Alford. Samandriel doesn't fit on the patch." he said, giving a tug at the patch on the chest of his shirt.
"My parents were members there," Jan argued, "I wanted us to have three generations-"
(See the end of the chapter for
Julie turned slowly in place, taking in the size of the open floor plan containing the main living areas of the house. After several years in the cottage-sized mobile home, the house felt enormous.
"Even if it was, it wouldn't be any of your business."
The nurse held her gentle smile as she tensed slightly. "Okay. How about you give us just a minute, and I'll let you know when to come in?"
"Yeah, 'what the hell,' Ben?" Jack mocked, "Tell her off, man. Grow a pair."
"I understand that you did this for Melody's sake, and Claire's, but don't ever do that in front of me again," Cas warned.
"Yeah, well, where am I gonna go? We're kinda stuck."
"You gotta breathe, kid. Otherwise, I'm getting an air compressor."
"If he... he... I mean it, and Dean-"
Steps sounded on the front porch and Kevin jolted as Margaret suddenly stuck her hand up the back of his shirt at an angle that was obvious from the front door.
"Okay. Okay, then in that case, I'll wait with you."
Kevin nodded, "Yeah, well, start talking. Pretend I just asked you something you expect these folks to ask."
"Sorry," Cas muttered, pulling Dean tighter against him, "Left my handcuffs at home."
"I said enough to mess up my voice. You'll need to be more specific." Cas answered grittily, rolling onto his side, putting an arm across Dean's chest.
Dean dropped into the porch chair with his beer, enjoying the night air, and clear sky full of stars. He had shut off the yard lights, and they were far enough out of town the city glow wasn't too overpowering.
Claire raised an eyebrow, "Yeah, like that's not weird."
"He left school in an ambulance, and I got suspended for three days. But he let go of Donovan, and Donovan got his inhaler in time," Melody answered quietly.
Ben gave another hard struggle and Claire let go, not moving right away as Ben got to his feet. The door behind Cas opened once more and he caught a look he didn't like on Claire's face before he turned his head to find Dean right behind him.
"You're not my mom, I don't have to listen to you." Ben complained.
"Your brother'll be along in a minute," Alfie assured her.
"He said it was along the fence." Ben said quietly, carefully stepping over a fallen branch.
Alfie pressed the button to lower the window slightly before getting out of the car, "Can't be that much of a surprise. You should be able to hear everything from here, but feel free to honk if you think I'm getting out of hand. This asshole is going to think you're in change of this anyway."
Margaret kicked at his thigh gently with the back of her heel, "Just c'mere."
Dean turned back to the stove as Ben continued to sort through the information he'd just been given, "Oh, god, now all I can think about is the purebred English bulldog they inseminated last week at work."
Damn this thing is running long. And we still have a ways to go.
Cas took a deep breath, "I don't think I could have allowed it, even if you were."
"Any luck with finding that paper? Or are you looking for clues in Bobby's letters, now?" Alfie asked.
"Are you kidding? What if they get stolen?" Margaret mumbled, before raising her head to let him lift the necklace away, "No, they're fine in the box, they can keep their juju or whatever in there, and take it with them."
Making a small sound of disgust, Cora pushed her plate toward Xander, "I can't eat this anymore."
Naomi's obvious displeasure at Margaret's helpful information was broken by Kevin ducking past her to deliver the sealed drinks he'd gone to fetch, but she was forced to comply in a friendly manner as at least one of the group found it fascinating. "So you've known Samandriel for a long time, then?" the stranger asked.
"Put me out of my misery," Cas mumbled.
"Right... This is a friend of your boyfriend?"
"Right. Because it was off. But you need to check."
"Who's watching the kids?" Claire asked, loosening her grip.
Cas squeezed her hand, and carefully glanced at his watch. It was only a few more hours until dawn. "You need to get back to sleep."
Somehow, it seemed to take about three times as long as he'd expected. He reasoned that with the furniture having been shifted around to make room for the wheelchair, and eventually a standing walker as she healed, it may have been misplaced, but he had thought that the purse had been left in plain sight in the living room.
Alfie tightened his grip on the steering wheel for a moment, "I'm sorry, just, it really pisses me off that it was before you were even in high school... I mean, not that it would have been any better, and it shouldn't have happened at all, but..."
"Assuming Dean wants to keep them here, or trusts me." Claire replied.
Amelia wore a look of confliction, but Sam didn't buy it.
Dean passed the handset to Alfie, taking a few steps toward the hallway before changing his mind and going back to the desk, taking it back, and hanging it up.
Walls were beginning to form, a skeleton rising from the concrete foundation. It wasn't blocky, it was detailed with obvious aesthetics meant to be more pleasing to the eye than a rectangular warehouse. Supports seemed to hint at a second, and possibly even third level. Smaller, and set nearby, was a second set of more basic walls, possibly a detached garage, but in comparison to the main building, it was still very large.
"Dean, the odds of having someone break in, here, and while any of us are even home, it's just..." Cas looked over his shoulder toward the living room where their children were watching a movie, "Accidents happen. I don't think I could live with that."
Cas nodded, glancing in the direction the man had gone, "Well, at least let us see you to your car."
"I didn't throw things or punch the doctor. I'm fine."
"So... I noticed you really haven't been talking to me much," Alfie said quietly, "Everything okay?"
Dean could barely make out the sound of a quiet slur arguing with Alfie, "Did she skip her sleeping pill?"
"Oh, that's right. You're still working for your father's business." Rachel seemed to coo, standing up with Melody and wandering toward the kitchen.
He was reaching over the tops of books shelved along the wall in built-in bookcases, where the books were not pressed in against the back panel. He checked several of the odd spaces, almost frantically, "Hang on."
would I love to be home right now, kiss my wife, hold my child. You know my baby girl is teething? And soon she's going to be scooting, and crawling, and Claire is home handling all of it by herself, not that she can't, she's strong and capable, but she shouldn't have to. I missed the birth because you dragged me out to that meeting, and now I'm missing even more. But I don't need this. I could step away, just quit right now, and nobody would care. Nobody but you."
"No! No, no, no, I'm sorry. Come back. I gotta have you with me," Alfie whined.
"I didn't want to worry you," he said quietly, "Doc assumed I had diabetes, he pointed out why he thought that, and to be on the safe side, I made an appointment. But, it's me, I know what I'd be looking for, so I thought, y'know, the sooner I know, the better. I can provide information on glucose readings and mealtimes when I finally get in to have them test me out, it could make things faster. That's all."
"You just came in here, and told me 'I love Mary,' while I'm standing here cooking your dinner, and just-"
Gotta wrap this up while my eyes are still open - I worry if I wait another day it'll turn into another week.
"I'd rather let her get a tattoo than send her anywhere with your mom for a week," Claire grumbled.
"Only the junkyard. I'm aware her father had a place further down that long driveway, but I haven't been there."
"Mr Winchester, this whole thing sounds suspicious."
"Hang on, why?"
"I don't know what you want to hear, Dean."
Alfie laughed, "Yeah?... Maybe then you'd go for a ride with me?"
"This is different, though. Because when we go places around here, you've lived here your whole life, you have all these memories you tell me about, and I want to go show you where I lived, the park my parents used to take me to, and where that laundromat was-"
"If I could sleep, I'd still be upstairs with you."
"How the hell is that funny?" Kevin demanded, turning his head to face Alfie.
"So... we'll talk this out on the drive home? I think it'll wait. It's been a really long night," she whispered.
"That's really sweet," Margaret mused, "Sometimes it takes guys a while to build up the guts to drop the L-bomb."
"My daughter just lost her mother, and couldn't even say goodbye to her, because her childhood was an absolute nightmare," Cas snapped, "Don't you have somewhere else to be?"
Backing up, she slid the window closed again, latching it tightly. It had creaked horribly at first, and her aunt likely still expected the noise, but early on, Ben had lifted a partial can of WD-40 from the shop, and at the first chance she had, she'd greased it well and stopped the grinding, complaining noise.
Kevin pulled his jeans up as he got off the bed, "Mags, that's different."
Alfie hesitated in the doorway, and she looked up with a smile so few people ever got to see.
Alfie spun back around to comment, leading into some kind of hurried exchange, but Dean's attention was quickly shifting from Will's puzzled face, Cas doing his best impression of a statue, Claire beginning to ease into a smile, and Ben starting to giggle.
Cas immediately cringed, putting a hand to his face.
Ben scratched at his eyebrow with his thumb, as Dean often did when put on the spot, raising further suspicion. Dean and Cas shared a look before Dean turned to face them both, "Nope. Spill it."
Parroting in a slightly surlier voice as she tried not to smile, Claire stepped closer, "Thank you, Dad."
"I was thinking I'd just put it in my prom dress."
A guffaw circled the room, and Alfie chuckled as well, "Uh, sure. Yeah. I M.S. Paint. Usually, though, I take a photo, or draw something, and then scan it, then I obsess about it for a few months until it looks nothing like the original, and it becomes a completely new piece. Very rarely, I'll put something together that's never been near the computer, and there's a few people who prefer it that way."
"I think I could get into that, eventually." Margaret replied, "So are you past your lesbian boob trauma from last night?"
"Don't swear," Cyndi said firmly from across the table.
Claire turned and went into her room, giving a half-hearted swing at the door to close it, which Cas blocked. She sat down on the side of her bed and started taking her boots off as Cas entered the room, knowing better than to get too close, as she was already agitated.
Cas stepped behind the low armchair, passing Dean a beer, and slipping a hand inside Dean's collar, "You're a mess."
She shook her head, clearly still uneasy, "I can't, nobody-"
"Thank God! I freakin' hate hospitals."
"Probably."
"I'll take that into consideration."
"He'll be a sturdy one, I'm sure. Let me offer you a late congratulations, my dear."
Ivan shrugged slightly with his unoccupied shoulder, "She slipped getting off the chair after she ate, wouldn't let me put her down. But she's sniffling again, so, maybe there's too much dust, I don't know. Can you take her? I wanna check the air filter on the furnace."
"And the fence?"
With his free arm, he pulled her closer, muffling a pleasured groan against her neck before making an attempt to kiss her, which she dodged. "Claire," he whimpered pitifully.
"He said if you're enough of a pussy to spill your guts like that to him, then if I get bitchy you'll throw me a midol instead of knocking me around." Margaret shrugged.
"Bud, please don't make me change the password, you know I'm gonna forget it. Just quit watching the stuff that messes you up."
"Shut up, man."
He let her suggestion sink in for a moment before he nodded, "You know, I was kind of mad I didn't get to go hang out with Grandpa and Pops this weekend. Sorry... But I'm glad I'm not stuck at Ben's... I mean- You know, hanging out with you. It doesn't suck."
"What if it gets caught in the garbage disposal?" Claire asked.
"And what color is a firetruck?"
"The second one was supposed to be Ivan, you made that choice, and you did it knowing you didn't stand a chance, and my dad had to drag you out of it."
Alfie nodded, "I'm only hogging it until it's done. Then, you're going to see it all the time."
"I think there's a big difference between knowing how to safely handle a weapon, and actually keeping one in the home." Cas said quietly.
"Nope. Had enough of that place. Don't need it, don't want it," Claire answered, "Did the kids show you the playground yet?"
"That's a recognized religious symbol, so it has to go. Cover it up, or take it off. And Rabbi Jake? I understand that of the three of your grandchildren at my school only two wear them, but this would apply for them as well."
PTSD, apparently sometimes it's temporary, and it's not considered full-blown anymore." Claire said softly, stepping closer and shifting the safe, "Not even bolted to the wall... Didn't Kip take a couple of Bobby's rifles?"
"Gail, not you, too."
"I don't know, I think his sculptures are creative," Cas replied.
"How's she doing now?"
"I know."
"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to get you in trouble," Caitlin whispered.
"Dean, I'm sorry, you probably left your phone on your desk again." Cas' familiar voice came across.
"Yes, my daughter, Claire Novak works there, I need you to give her a message."
The painted tarp flapped a bit as he passed it, as the plans to repaint the sign kept being pushed back.
"Are you a first generation American?" Claire asked.
"You were drunk... Still, I could have given you some hint about the effect that had... I guess I don't really put myself out there, huh?" Dean started to slip his hand into Cas' clothes, but stopped when Cas started to laugh.
"That's what the complaint lists."
Rachel stepped inside, happily looking around the space, noting a few unique drawings left out on the desk, and fondly remembered Alfie's drawings from a similar age.
"She's not my girlfriend."
Rachel looked closer at the image they'd reached, the visual becoming clearer at the same time as the history behind it, and she'd have to lie to say she wasn't moved, not that she'd let it show, "Yes... That's a lovely story... They don't look like her at all."
"Uh, sir?"
Julie didn't meet his eyes, and Ivan pulled her close.
"It's not an easy industry for women. Stay close, but let her handle it."
Dean shook his head, "No, after he went off about Claire, I could tell what his problem was. Told him if he wants respect from my employees, he better be willing to show some. But next time, watch the language, grin and bear it, and add a convenience fee of four dollars and twenty three cents to his bill."
Claire nodded, "Nobody does."
"Wow... We should take it home and keep it for a pet."
Ben's expression was bleak, but barely for a moment, "Is Nick okay?"
Sam nodded, "Okay, right, but, you know, he's raising two of them, and near as I can tell, he's doing a damn good job. And Claire's happy, right? He's good for her. So once you get past the, uh, dropout with a bike thing, I mean, what's not to like about this guy?"
"When you two got together, or, I guess, back together, after she moved out, you said something while she was on the phone with her mother, and I-"
"I can only imagine how hard that was for you," Claire replied sincerely, "But she's a healthy woman today. She looked at all her options, she didn't take this lightly, she knows exactly what she's doing, and she doesn't need you calling her up at work with-, with nay-saying and fearmongering. She's already well aware that the baby might not make it, and she made the choice to try anyway because she wants to have a child... Either you knew that already, or you don't give her enough credit, but either way, your phone call this morning, you're a bitch."
"I remember somebody else being that way a few times," Ellen replied with a knowing look.
"He's trying to, but it's like it's taking him a while to work up to it... But, you know, you called me, and we still haven't talked about whatever it was," her voice slowed as she took notice of him furiously typing a text, "...that you needed."
"Yeah, well, if it needs sauce it's not good barbecue. Did you call Claire?"
"Why didn't you tell us?"
"It's yours."
"I take it everywhere. Nobody will ever know unless it comes out." Margaret said quietly.
"Check that the smoke box is out, please." Cas called down, "And be careful you don't burn yourself."
"You're into this." Gabe said, surprised, "You don't just want to do a good job, this is a big deal to you. You want to get in there and structure this thing from the start."
Aubrey didn't respond, and he had to hurry to match her pace.
"Ben, this... Why... Where did you guys even get the masks?" Dean asked over a plate of pancakes.
"What?" Claire asked.
"I still don't think this is the road," Rachel fussed, "We should turn around, in case the people here shoot strangers."
"Why is everybody acting weird, and what happened to Alfie? He didn't tell me."
Cas thrust his hand into the loosened fabric, stroking firmly at Dean through the cloth of his boxers, and pressing his ass even harder against Cas' groin. "You see it from one side. Your side."
"There's not just 'boys there,' honey, there's a lot of boys there, older boys a lot bigger than you. The last time I took you in there, there was exactly one person who might have been a girl, and I'm not a hundred percent sure about that. If it was kids your own age, that'd be different, but-"
"Well... She's beautiful, but, I gotta get home." Kevin said softly, patting Cas on the shoulder, "Tell them I said congrats, okay?"
Dean took a deep breath, which exhibited an unavoidable rattle, "And when you asked me the other night, it's... It's like I got to the point where I loved her, and I'm not sure that I do anymore. It feels more like it did before that... I don't know if I'm scared or feeling guilty, or what, or I just can't-... What kind of person stops loving somebody because they're dead?"
"Cas... C'mon. All the crap she gave you over buying a Ford? And that was when she'd only been doing this for a couple of months."
"I'm not alone, you know?"
"I'm not embarrassed." Kevin said far too fast to be completely true.
"I know that's not exactly expected, with a plethora of churches in this town, but actually some of the usual bikers were asked to handle security at the first show, and were happy to help. My understanding is that while they no longer worry about security, the bikers had such a good time they now regularly show up for it anyway."
Alfie leaned on the back of the chair his father had been in the night before, "I don't know what you want me to do. You don't want me here, or gone, and if you wanted to talk, you wouldn't be digging into paperwork like it's got a cure for cancer."
As Cas, likely full of suspicions, complied, Dean went back into the bedroom and put on a pair of sweatpants and started the small stereo playing quietly. He was aware the two actions would oppose each other in Cas' mind, each canceling out the other in terms of what to expect from Dean that evening, but he was sure it would be obvious soon enough. Generally speaking, the music would indicate sex, and clothing, the opposite.
"Yeah, like Claire." Lucas said with a scoff.
Ivan sat up next to her, taking a deep breath and letting it out, "Both suck... Still, nobody's business. So... I dunno, however you want to do this, it's cool. Anywhere on the whole spectrum, you know? Unofficial, put my name on her birth certificate, or, hell, we can get married. Just give me a head's up if I need to be somewhere and sign something... And you know what? I wasn't ignoring you. Hell, from an outsider's point of view, it could even look like you were the one taking awhile to come around, and I was, uh, respectfully trying to get you to let me in."
"And leave them with a vehicle that doesn't run?"
Alfie wasn't sure if Dean had it out for him, but as he had gotten back to shop and logged Claire out, Dean had gotten grumblier.
(A/N: Okay, I am not quite done with Ch49 yet, and I think I'm going to end on 50 again, but don't hold me to that. We'll see.
Gabe pulled a single piece of paper from the printer tray and held it out to Jack. Jack took it, the concern growing on his face.
"Why?"
"Yeah, not piss off the almighty cervix keeping the kid in, just in case."
"How would you know? You weren't there." Claire grumbled, desperate to finish the conversation.
Dean shook his head, "Paying him off just sets him up to ask for more to keep him quiet. Sam said not to give him anything, just speak up that he asked for it in the first place."
He was quickly distracted by a slamming sound in the bathroom, accompanied by hushed swearing. The door was cracked, and he stepped closer.
Dean nodded. "Just remember, he might have it coming, but he's probably not feeling too great right now. Kids change fast, so if you get a chance, try to be nice."
"Hi, Ben!" Jess called as she got closer.
"I will! Because that's where we're getting married!"
"As much as you want to protect me, you can't." she answered.
"Yeah, well," Dean smirked, "Get that car done fast enough, and in perfect shape, you get her back without the sugar high, and mom's none the wiser."
Ivan shrugged slightly, "Well, given that he's your kid, he's not likely to play into it, get her doing stuff they shouldn't be doing, or laugh at her for it and crush her spirit, so... I mean, not that stealing cars is okay with me, but taking into account boys in general, just, yikes... Now, later on, maybe, when they're older, I could be okay with that. I mean, you know? Knowing where he comes from, how he was raised to treat women, and all."
"She can barely work her phone when she's awake, don't take it personally. Nothing to write Penthouse about, either, if you were wondering."
"Yes. He named them after the Avengers, the mother was Natasha, and the puppies were Hulk, Thor, Hawkeye, Captain America, Iron Man, and Nick Fury."
Alfie, having more time on his hands between work he was doing on new pieces, had looked up typical questions the children might ask, given their ages, and they'd agreed to try to answer questions as they arose, as directly as possible.
"No, not the pregnant lady, the guy with the glasses, the one who was here when I brought it in."
He'd gotten half way to his locker when footsteps behind him suddenly became rushed, and he was suddenly being shoved into an empty flex room.
(A/N2: Adding this note in case you missed it - The sequel has begun! The third installment, Stained and Unashamed is up, and I am working on Chapter 3 as we speak.)
"Mags, I got myself neutered for you. I'm gonna push for you to go someplace that's not going to put you in a damn loony bin, but say the word, I'll call Crowley right now, and tell him I'm done."
"Technically. But I'm not sure Kevin counts."
"That man is a predator," Cas said quietly.
Julie's mood lightened visibly, and he opened the front door of the car for her.
"Just a shot of whiskey."
"How long?"
Claire wracked her mind, thinking back to the night the Chevelle had been graffiti'd, the words on the driver's side had been painfully obvious and hurtful, and she remembered sitting on the trunk with Alfie, counting the taunts hurled at them from the other side of the parking lot, but Julie's confession was bringing nothing to mind. Then she recalled that Alfie had sandblasted the passenger side before she'd ever seen it. She had assumed it had been more of the same, or similar, but Chaz's words to her on her fathers' wedding day certainly made it sound perfectly plausible, as the social circle had blamed her for the loss of their friend.
As they reached the airport in the next town, nearing the passenger loading lane, Alfie turned to Linda, "Do you think I'd be better off in Dallas?"
"I should. Yeah, I think so," Cas replied.
Alfie pulled into the driveway and began putting his bike away in the garage when Kevin came around the corner from the front door.
"Of course it does." Dean answered, "Because he's the best guy. Couldn't let that get away from me."
"Nope. Spotted your car when I was getting the mail, my house is across the street, and came over here to stalk you," Gabe answered, "Damn good thing nobody called the campus police that night, or you might not be allowed within three hundred feet of the place."
"No. He calls them both 'grandpa,' but they aren't actually related to his parents. I don't know what they're doing, what the situation is, but it's creepy as hell..."
"No," Dean answered with a level and unconcerned tone, causing the uncomfortable silence to resume.
"So, what kind of trouble has you skipping town?" Claire asked.
Considering Mike's predicament, despite his mood, Cas decided that now was not the best time to point out Don's many failings as a father, the amount of time both boys, and Xander had taken in simply following Dean around like ducklings, or that any stable male influence would have sufficed, "Yes, well, I suppose it couldn't hurt to try, if Ben has time."
"Yep." Sam replied quickly, sitting next to him.
He helped her lift her weight off of Castiel, shifting to take him in further back. It took a little longer for her to settle herself this time, and Castiel made a tiny noise in the back of his throat as she did.
Kevin shifted in his chair, "So, if I have kids someday, and I want to name one Kim after my sister, is that gonna hurt you?"
Cas hadn't been able to leave the school until late, and used his lunch break the following day to stop at the jewelry store.
"Hey," Claire said gently, patting her back, "It's okay, it's just... You need to calm down, okay?... Maybe think about happy things? Did you guys talk about names yet?"
Dean jerked awake as Cas' phone started to ring. He hadn't expected to fall asleep so early.
"Yes, you did. But I'm limited to what I can say in front of you, and I need to call your father... Back to class. And next time, use a five-dollar word instead. It surprises the teacher long enough to keep them from kicking you out of class."
"Yes, sir."
Dean huffed, "Social construct, anyway. Or, that's what I've heard."
"I can laugh, too. And we are done with that, you know."
"No, he got involved, he had no business-"
"Well, I have to say, as an educator, that most of the time when we have parents as young as the two of you are, we don't expect much. Clearly, I misjudged you. I should have known, with a child as bright and easy going as Michael, he must come from a very stable, loving home," Caraway said quietly, "Just try to keep in mind, eccentricity has it's own challenges."
"I don't have to swear to be direct."
Cas pulled into a parking spot, and shut off the car, waiting for Claire's response.
"He's rich enough he doesn't need them to go to a better school. They don't need a better school. The guy is loaded with a capital 'oaded."
Okay, here we go. Thanks for reading!!! FW)
Claire shook her head, "Absolutely not."
Ivan chuckled, shaking his head, and feeling the headphones he wore shift slightly with the movement, "No, I don't mind at all. I mean, when you get right down to it, Johnny Cash is metal with a twang, right? But, yeah, no, I can absolutely keep an open mind. Let's see what she's got."
It was the reactions of both Melody and Jaime that threw him completely.
"You say that, but all I hear is 'behind somebody's back.'" Ivan said with an overly friendly smile.
"You don't need gas masks to survive social studies." Hannah said cooly.
"Looks like tons of it to me."
Kevin gave an exasperated nasal exhale and left the room.
Claire wanted to shake her head, but didn't dare move, "I don't know."
"Honey, are you crying?"
"Sorry, forgot the door was open." Dean said softly, sitting up to manhandle Nick to an empty space on the bed before laying back down.
"I don't think you could." Alfie chuckled.
"I'm okay with it, either way. I care about you, but if this is too soon for you, I get it, just-"
"It won't fit you," Margaret replied as he passed behind her on his way to the kitchen, slowing to trail his fingers across the back of the neckline, "But you probably already tried."
Kevin, and to a lesser degree, Claire, were both used to the busy assemblage, and managed to navigate the crowd with ease, but Margaret, who had only managed to attend one event prior, a small one, at that, was a bit overwhelmed.
"We handled Melody just fine," Claire answered obstinately.
"They can get over themselves," Dean replied, starting for the cab of the truck.
"Until what?"
"Junior year of high school. You don't remember?" Millie chuckled.
"The back of your shirt is soaked. People don't generally loose that much blood, not even with kinky knife shit. Trust me, you're not gonna surprise me, I've heard it all, and done plenty myself. But if she did this on purpose, that's crossing the line, putting you at risk, and getting laid isn't worth the risk of dying. So what happened? Cutting? Flogging? What?"
"No... She popped me on the head a few times, but it was a joke. Didn't hurt."
"Mom?"
"I need you close by. Keeps both of us safe from your dad. If he'd go after his own brother that fast-"
"And I don't need some fake-ass animal doctor-"
She nodded, "If you had a rattler in one of the junkers, and you needed to take it out, that guy would flip."
Given Kevin's propensity to speak at great length and detail about nearly anything, and the answers desired by the new additions to the conversation, it was a unexpected stillness that took over the inside of the vehicle. It took him a heavy moment to tear his eyes away from where they were fixed to the floor, and as he looked to Claire for help, still struggling, himself, with the words to express what the man's intentions had been, she could see that his hands were shaking.
Ben threw his book across the room, shoving himself off the couch and heading for the stairs, "Shut up!"
"Awesome."
The sounds of the machine coming through his window the night before had woken him, and knowing his father was out, he'd been worried, and went straight for his window. He hadn't seen Claire anywhere, but Alfie had been taking the the paint off Bobby's old car that had been given to Claire.
"Anything I can do?" Alfie asked.
"No. I think this sucks. I think I owe you, big time, for trying to help me back in high school, and the screenshots you showed Kevin Tran when I didn't listen. And I think it's been long enough that this should have died down-"
"Know what?"
"Dad..."
"What's the difference?"
Inside, at the very top of the stack was the emergency orders granting Cas temporary custody and a protective order against Amelia. She had been there for that, and it held no interest for her. She took the recent papers out and set them on top of the box, finding more papers and several Polaroids below them.
"Your mother would get custody, and the house, and as much alimony as I can manage. I would get a second, smaller house here in town for seeing you kids, and short of telling me to disappear, I'd have her make the decisions on how we run things."
"Right. Okay, well, I better look into that. Thanks, Sam."
Alfie shook his head, "I don't think so. I think he might be. Or maybe he was just desperate for some kind of control over his own body, kind of like the way you get sometimes."
Dean grabbed a bottle of water from the beat up fridge in a forgotten looking corner of the garage, and went into the front office to sit down on the old couch.
Chaz walked away, leaving Cynthia standing in the middle of the parking lot as she began to cry harder, never having expected such treatment from anyone.
"And who is Dean?"
"You okay? Not coming down with the flu, are you?" he asked.
Dean looked down at the box in his hands. "Um..."
"So, get him to be meaner? He can't. He's too little."
"I don't want to be that guy, but, um... P.M.S.?"
"Where's your car?"
"Yeah," Alfie replied, stroking her hair, "He was sitting outside the nurse's office when I picked her up, she'd have no problem making him eat dirt if he crossed her... And then, thinking it was the other kid, I may have threatened him, a bit."
"Right now, I'm just wondering if any of the other guys count," Kevin replied, "I'm just trying to keep you safe until you're old enough to know the risks you're taking. And not just where sex is concerned. Drugs, alcohol, smoking, there's a lot of ways you could screw up your health and that doesn't hit a lot of people until they're in their thirties and forties."
Cas gave a look of distaste, "Dean, you know I hate-"
"Lauri's Christmas party, Maui '96, this one just says football,-"
"That was one time, and privileged information."
Standing, Dean circled the end of the desk, taking his time approaching his husband in the doorway of the tiny room. He looked down at the proffered gift, and raised his eyebrows.
Alfie shook his head, "I have to tell Crowley about this, right? I mean, warning him that it even came up is the right thing to do, isn't it?"
"Traditional?" Margaret asked, "Jeans, t-shirt, and sneakers aren't traditional?"
Dean nodded, "Yeah, no, I just know what all would have been nice to have when Ben came, brought them a gift basket. He was a big surprise, you know, we went into the hospital thinking we'd be coming home with a Sara. Then Ben shows up, all the stuff we'd gotten was pink, but poor kid was huge, big boy, just over nine pounds, and too big for the hospital shirts they had. And we knew he was going to be big, so we packed some little footie pajamas and sleepers that were the bigger size, not newborn, but like, zero to three months? And they were all pink and purple. But we were right down the road from a larger grocery store, so I went out and got him something to wear. Might have come home in a pink car seat, but he didn't come home in a dress."
