Cas starts to come back to him, but his face twists up in pain. Dean moves to meet him on his side, laying down so they’re facing each other. Dean’s soul flows through the both of them, soothing all of the rawness of their pain. Looking at their entwined fingers, Dean can’t see anything different about them. Should they be glowing? Should he see runes, or strange markings, to indicate what’s happening under their skin?
“You will do what’s right,” Cas assures Dean another night, “you always do right by the people you care about. I try to follow that example.”
This isn’t normal for him, he’s distantly aware of that. He’d be worrying himself sick over Sam and Cas downstairs, probably crying and cradling Sam in his arms until his brother wakes up. And then running outside to help Bobby with whatever situation is out there.
Dean makes a soft noise of acknowledgment. It’s not nice to hear, but, it’s true. You can’t ask something to act human, to operate like a human or with human morals, when it isn’t one. Dean gets reminded that Cas isn’t human all the time. Maybe it says something about him, that Dean isn’t repulsed by that. That Cas not being human is part of the appeal.
They’ve got a good routine going. Keep it all business on hunts, and then when they’re at the bunker and the door to Dean’s room is locked, make out like they’re dumbass teenagers.
“He’s smart,” Dean protests, feeling suddenly like he has to protect Sam’s virtue. Sam’s practically a genius. If anyone could figure out some weird mumbo-jumbo psychic shit, it would be Sam.
“Cas I don’t… I don’t know what to say,” Dean admits, “I think— I want to say Sam’s lost it, but then it means he’s
Okay, seriously, whatever it is they can take it. Turns out the two of them are a force of nature in a fight, like they were meant to fight side by side.
he was hallucinating Lucifer— why the fuck would a hallucination need consent? Just as Dean’s thinking this, the temperature
“Yeah, sleep was always tricky. Now it feels impossible,” Dean laughs, and steps into the room. The spot beside Cas is open.
“At the moment I don’t think they have any idea it was Sam who did this,” Cas admits, “the secrecy may work in our favor. And it’s possible they might assume the spells performed were my own, since I do believe Sam was using angel songs.”
Cas shakes his head, “No. That would be a show of too much grace. Most creatures in purgatory would know our location.”
And fuck, just having a familiar face after the weeks, months, however long it’s been since they got sucked into purgatory. It’s enough to make Dean’s eyes water. He laughs. He cries. He digs his fingers into Cas’ body, through his coat, and imagines covering Cas with his handprints, his marks.
“You need to use your soul for this,” Bobby says, and says to Cas, “and I feel like Death might take one look and decide to reap you.”
about feelings and shit in the way that Sam thinks everyone should be able to be nice to everyone, but that’s not how the world works.
“How— what?” Dean is a broken record. But he’s trying to picture Cas researching— like what the fuck does that even mean? What ideas does Cas have in his head? Does he know shit about being queer that Dean doesn’t? Probably. Dean’s really bad at this.
special about him. Cas isn’t even in anything sexy— it’s his stupid button up with all the buttons, and he’s even wearing his tie still, but good god Dean wants him so badly. Wants to touch his hairy thighs, wants to get his mouth on Cas’ dick.
Dean’s brain clicks into overdrive— that word, the woman, she said something. Cas is under a spell, but what kind of spell can control an angel? How can he undo it?
“Sam and I already switched to salt and burns exclusively,” Dean reminds him. Of course Dean can change for Sam. He’ll do anything for Sam. Sam is the most important thing, and is to be protected at all costs.
In that time, with both Cas and Raphael gone, the two sides started splintering into smaller and smaller sects all with different ideas about what the future of heaven looks like. It’s complete anarchy.
“I don’t know what to do,” Dean admits, “I— I don’t know how to fix stuff for you. I don’t know what the answer is.”
Sam curses, his breath rolls out like a smokey exhale in the freezing temperature. He pulls the car over onto the shoulder and comes to a quick stop. He’s breathing heavy, and doesn’t take his hands off the steering wheel. He drops his head down, eyes screwed shut as he focuses.
“In Dean’s defense,” Cas adds, “the length of time was also due to my inexperience. I was discovering new sensations and while I now know I am attracted to Dean for more than his soul, for some time I couldn’t be sure if I wanted to devour him instead. I also have no memories of if I have ever been intimate with a human before, so, all of this is new to me.”
The vamp has his dick out. He’s fucking jerking it and sucking on… he’s wiping Dean’s blood off his face and sucking it off his fingers.
How proud he is of Sam, of that day in Stull, watching his brother be the bravest, strongest man the world never deserved.
Dean thinks he won’t be able to do enough good deeds to keep himself out of hell, when he dies. He caused too much misery while he was down there the first time. But if he and Sam can close the gates to hell, then heaven is the only place to go. Eternal sunshine of the spotless mind, shooting fireworks with Sam, forever. And Dean would know they’re only memories. Maybe he could fade away into them. Maybe there would be peace for him there.
“So how’s Cas? Have you heard from him recently?” Sam asks. They’re having a proper sit-down meal like a real family. Instant noodles and frozen veggies, a Winchester classic.
“It’s what my master wanted,” Andrea says, with a certainty to her words, “and what he wanted, I wanted. One instant I was human, watching them kill the love of my life, and then after I was turned it felt like I ceased to be. All I wanted was my masters affection, and approval, because without it he would not let us feed.”
“And you’re doing great,” Dean agrees, and thinks of what Dad would say. Would Dad even be holding Sam’s hand? Would he ignore it until Sam went quiet again, and assume all was handled?
It means he doesn’t know how to understand the dangers, or the appeal, of this stuff. So even if he tries to tell Sam to stop, is it because that’s right, or because Dean doesn’t understand? Dad shut down anything he couldn’t understand, anything that was different, because if he couldn’t control it then it could be dangerous.
Cas, for whatever reason, has gone and resumed his spot in the chair that they were interrogating him in before Naomi showed up. He hasn’t taken his eyes off Sam.
Cas to look at him the way Cas always looks at him: like he loves him. How easy and good this could be if Dean was a chick, all the heartache they could have saved over Dean’s queer fiasco. And Dean’s getting too caught up in his brain, in the emotions he’s barely got words for, let alone what he can even say out loud.
friend. And Dean likes that Sam and Cas are working together more, and getting along. Dean’s never had anyone outside of Sam.
Cas leans onto the doorway for support. He looks ragged. Dean thought they were safe, but Cas isn’t relaxing. Something is wrong, still.
Dean’s waiting for Sam to drop something. Some comment, a joke, or insult at Dean’s behalf. Or to have a full fucking
Dean wakes with a start, there’s a hand over his mouth. It never gets dark in Purgatory, and it never gets bright either, but he can make out Benny crouched over him.
Dean holds up his hands, “I’m not saying that. I’m not telling you what to do. But maybe you’re, uh, being too quick to solve a problem—”
The veins and shit that have Dean all tangled up burst into blue flame. Dean shouts, but it burns out so fast, and feels like ice rather than heat, that he barely has time to be afraid. The living corpses around him cackle as they burn to husks. Dean smells ozone— familiar. All of this sensation is familiar.
If they’re stuck together for a few hours, Dean can at least try to be friendly. He keeps his phone on the table so they’ll know as soon as Sam gets out. Wherever he might get out of purgatory.
“No,” Dean shakes his head, “you— you turned out okay. You’re not a bad guy, like, you care about people. How’d you do that if your dad was… if he never loved you.”
"Angel airlines," Dean agrees, and holds up his hand before Cas can touch him. He fires off a quick text.
and warm, that the walls of his cage move because he was eaten, oh god he’s being digested, he can’t
“The leviathans knew me,” Cas says, “beyond sharing a host together. They had… names for me. Like we had met before.”
This feels… this feels suddenly domestic. In a way that Dean only thought was possible with a girlfriend and a house in the suburbs. Not with an angel and his traumatized brother, in some bunker that oldschool hunters used to use. You don’t get domestic in the life.
Cas is different now. Dean doesn’t know how to handle him. Doesn’t know if he recognizes Cas anymore, like he did when they first met and were sitting on those park benches and sharing secrets. And for Sam’s trauma to be fucking up an angel so badly? God, Dean can’t imagine what it was like in Sam’s head. He can’t believe how strong his brother is, to have survived this on his own.
Do you ever think about Dean in that gap year between s5 and 6, where he thought his brother was in hell for eternity and he was desperately trying to carry out Sam's last wishes by 'being normal' having a few moments of dancing in the kitchen and laughing so hard he was actually happy for a second? And then remembering his brother and feeling so guilty that he'd break down on the spot??
Dean shrugs, “Hell if I know. I, uh, I think me ‘n Sam settled on, uh, bisexual. You know, the middle road. But I don’t— I don’t really wanna talk about it.”
“We can ward off the room, to potentially keep him out of the rest of the home,” Cas says, and he startles them all, including himself, when he yawns.
“Death pulled Sam’s soul out of hell,” Dean realizes, “but he fucked up. He got Sam but he must have pulled out Lucifer with him. We’re going to summon that son of a bitch and make him clean up his fucking mess.”
Dean tries to kiss Cas as soon as Cas has his hand back on their dicks, but Cas squeezes tight, almost too tight, and Dean drops his head onto Cas’ shoulder with a groan. Yup. Yup. He’s getting hard again for sure.
“No,” Sam says, and sighs heavily. Dean feels the blanket get tugged away from him as Sam settles in. He’s been a blanket hog since he was tiny.
“It hasn’t been unpleasant,” Cas says. Which is what you say when you’re trying not to hurt someone’s feelings.
he feels that, it… it’s terrifying. It’s hard to describe when I’m not in it, but he… it’s like he wants to eat you.”
Cas tries to move, can’t get too far without pulling at his injuries. Dean hears Cas’ breathing hitch. But Cas doesn’t breathe?
Dean ducks his head enough to bump their foreheads together. He feels Cas’ hand come up over his shoulder, over— oh, oh holy shit, over Cas’ friggen
This chapter has everything! Porch renos. Blood vomit. Soul mates! Soulless Dean!! Lucifer????? No eyes! and of course: Cas' killer jokes.
Dean picks the robe up off the floor with his free hand and does a test sniff. Like a week of bed rest ago it might have passed, but now it just stinks.
He pulls off Cas' shoe, tosses it to the floor, and goes for the other one. In for a penny, and looks like he's being domestic and avoiding shit tonight.
He’s gotta make a stand, or else he’ll never be able to rest. He just needs to find the right place.
Sam folds his arms across his chest, “Well too bad. Cas and I gotta look after you, you know? You’re our normal guy.”
Dean was there, saw the bloodbath at Chuck’s, and yet here’s Cas standing before him. Saving him and Sam, again. Cas should be dead, but he’s alive. No consequence, like he was
“Now that you’re done bleeding out on my floor,” Bobby sets his knitting needles in his lap, “you idjits mind telling me what the hell just happened?”
Castiel is something new, and Dean is trying to figure him out. The human vessel is off putting— a normal looking guy who looks like he has never done a hard day's labor in his life— and then Castiel gets tired of Dean snapping at him or back talking and puts Dean in his place. Castiel is the one who pulled Dean from the pit, and at first, that is the only reason Dean gives him any hint of respect.
Naomi hisses in frustration, a shocking amount of emotion for an angel. She must be furious, “You stupid human! You can’t even see it, can you? How close he is to breaking loose!”
He feels Cas hug him back. Dean wants to stay here, right here, in this safe space with his face turned into Cas’ throat, with his senses all full of Cas and his angel smells and his warm arms and where he doesn’t have to think about being digested or stored away or whatever the hell the leviathans were doing with him.
“We were right. We won,” Cas says, and he helps lift Dean to his feet, brings up his other hand to hold Dean’s face between his palms.
Dean bites his tongue, stomps on the floor to keep from yelling as his soul is pulled away from him.
Dean shakes his head, “No. They’re way different.” Angels and leviathans, and Dean’s seen both now so he’s an expert, but they run on totally different rules. Maybe God made both of them, but they weren’t even from the same line of thought.
Sam considers Dean’s words, before he adds, “Well, I mean, neither of us are perfect. I think I fucked up worse than he did, to be honest. And you forgave me for that.”
Cas kneels, and then lays down in the open floor beside him. Dean chokes out a laugh, and it comes out far more ragged than he’d been expecting.
“Shut up,” Dean mutters. He just realized the sexier way he should have done this, and this time he takes two of Benny’s fingers into his mouth and sucks on them like he’s thinking about Benny’s dick. Because he is. It still tastes awful, but this time Dean tries to pretend it doesn’t.
Dean inhales. He can still back out. Because after this there’s no going back. After this, purgatory has changed him. Has made him into his most monstrous, pure self.
Dean wakes up in the night to Sam bolting from their makeshift bed. He doesn’t make it to the bathroom and throws up in the hall. By the time Dean reaches him, Sam’s curled into a fetal position, shaking so hard his teeth rattle.
Cas looks up from tucking the edges of the quilt under Sam’s big feet, like he heard something, but he’s looking right at Dean.
a good chunk of ribs and shit. The arm might only be hanging in there because it’s caught in the fabric of her blazer.
“Sap,” Dean accuses, “and you’re, uh. I hear you. I do. Cas and I have talked a lot. I think he’s tried to make me understand, but, hell. Maybe it is true that it’s fucked up. Or not. But whatever it is, it’s working for me. It’s not like I was ever gonna have something nice and perfect, you know? We all know I’ve got my share of issues.”
“Better?” Dean checks. Sam nods, silent. Sam’s still wheezing, and now that he’s got Sam pulled up against him Dean can feel how Sam’s shaking. With his free hand Dean covers Sam’s on his chest, where Sam’s got a handful of Dean’s shirt, and he squeezes lightly as he breathes in, and then breathes out slowly. It takes a few rounds, and then Sam’s matching him. His other arm is half-pinned under Sam, and the best he can do is loosely hold his brother.
Dean really doesn’t want to have to explain this. That he came in his pants while making out like some punk kid who’s never had sex before.
Dean’s eyes are wet with tears, and he’s closed his hands into shaky fists to try and stop his fingers from shaking. He lifts his chin to look at Sam.
“Yeah. He’s picky as shit. Which— is he gonna be stuck like this? You know, kinda human-ish? Forever?”
He thinks he’s going to go crazy if he has to sit around for hours. He needs something to do, but there’s nothing to be done except wait.
It feels surreal, to be sitting down and reading after the day they’ve had. To be looking for any evidence of Sam’s delusions, to prove that they’re real or not. Dean can’t believe they’re taking it seriously.
Dean has to tie Sam into the car now. He can’t risk Sam remembering to unbuckle his seatbelt if he tries to jump again.
Bobby grunts an agreement, sips at his beer, “I’ll keep looking,” he says, “you get some rest. It’s my turn on watch.”
“Hell no,” Dean laughs. Sam hasn’t killed anything since Dean got back from purgatory. Not that he hasn’t been ready for it: he suits up for every hunt, but even before they stopped hunting monster-monsters, Sam would hang back and let Dean do what he does best. Sam
“I— well, I have someone. I’m with someone already, and it’s— it’s serious,” Dean argues, and he should say it’s Cas, because she
Sam starts having visions again, starts communicating with ghosts, and Dean’s blood runs cold. He feels like he’s 26 again, a man in his own right but still a scared boy all the same. A dutiful soldier taking one last order from his commander, and what Dad wants is for Dean to kill Sam.
“But I’m broken,” Cas confesses, “I understand that now. I’m not— I’m incapable of doing anything without ruining it. I loved my father, and destroyed heaven because of it. I love you…” he looks down at Sam, “I’m sorry Dean, I mean it. I hope you and Sam are better off without me.”
Dean slips Cas some tongue, reaches down with his hands to start untucking Cas’ button up from his pants. Feels the faint vibration of grace under Cas’ skin pick up in intensity. Like TV static at 2am, after the programming ends.
Cas hasn’t stopped kissing him, even though he just angel airway’d them across the room and onto the bed.
They have to go check if Sam’s alive. Because Dean looked at Sam laying on the floor and didn’t even bother to check if he was alive. Dean’s going to be sick.
Warnings: Sam and Dean talk about sexuality and gender in binaries. Dean thinks porn tropes are accurate to real life.
“Cas?” Dean says quietly, “where are you? I— I found a guy. A vamp. Says he can get us out. Let’s go home.”
The vessel is hanging a few feet in the air, suspended on invisible strings. It’s freaky as fuck to see— but Cas tends to forget about his vessel when he’s deep in thought. Dean isn’t too worried. There’s a knife in his shoulder, like something stabbed him and then thought better of it.
Dean expected a plan of ‘if I’m not back in two days’ or something. But there’s no way to mark days here in purgatory’s endless twilight. And it’s not like he can get anywhere but lost without Benny’s guidance. Fuck, he hates how helpless he is here.
Poor Beano is dealing with a lot of emotional upheaval and he's desperately trying to put it all back to where it was before. I don't think it CAN go back to what it was before purgatory though!! So what will his new normal be???
The afternoon passes with their faces in books. They try to relocate all research to the kitchen, to give Cas some space to rest, and check in on him periodically. Dean checks up on his stitches, makes sure Cas isn’t actually bleeding out, and wipes some of the extra blood off of him before it gets too dry.
Dean thought about inviting him up. Cas always has an open invitation to drop in, but it’s different now. He kissed Cas. Cas kissed
Not for the first time Dean is reminded that Cas is, effectively, a nuclear bomb masquerading around in a dead body so that he doesn’t burn Dean’s eyes out of his face.
But the easiest footing is in relation to Sam. He’s supposed to take care of his baby brother. He doesn’t know what to do for help, so, do what Bobby said. Ask Sammy what he needs.
He can’t ask this. He really can’t, and Dean knows it. But if he doesn’t, then Sam is going to be trapped in purgatory. And Dean knows that Sam won’t survive it.
And the potential future, of being quite literally chained at the hip, unfolds for Dean. How they’ll have to plan for the times to be separate, how they’ll have to do everything together, be in each others’ space. How Cas is something not meant to be contained or limited. How he’s spent the last months, if not years, fighting to remove the chains his family has trapped him in. And now it’s Dean’s shitty soul weighing him down.
As hot as Benny is, and as great as the sex is, Dean has a harder time getting, well, hard. And staying that way. He’s shameless enough that he’s never had much experience not being able to perform. The first few times they don’t think much of it, assuming it’s normal. And when it starts becoming a pattern, they make the connection.
the woman he was living with, to come back to Dean. It makes Dean feel like he should turn Sam away, that Sam got out of the life. There’s some complication about her dead husband no longer being dead. So Sam is happy to go back to how they were. Two brothers on the road. Dean wants to push Sam to fight for being happy, but Dean is a selfish, awful person who’s only concerned with his own comfort. So he doesn’t push Sam to go after her. Sam doesn’t bring her up.
Eyes clear, he can look around. On all sides, crowding him in, are other bodies. Other things— people, creatures, monsters— all half-absorbed into the leviathan’s body. It’s like a living mass grave. Some of them don’t even have skin, with how they’ve been absorbed into the leviathan’s body. Some of them have come free, like Dean did. They start reaching for him, spitting black goo in place of words.
Sam shrugs again, “You can do whatever you want. But, like, he made some mistakes, and now he’s here to fix it. I may not want to be best friends with him, but I’ll take whoever we can get against the leviathans. It’s not like we’re perfect either.”
They have to pause so Cas can get his clothes off. And then Dean has to teach him how to use a condom properly.
Dean doesn’t call him on it, “Well, there’s supposed to be a shipment coming in tonight. We’re gonna stake it out, find out where the meat is coming from.”
"Working with Crowley jeopardizes everything I've done for the trials," Sam whines, "and after I busted Bela out of hell, I'm sure Crowley is close to figuring out what we're doing. We can't be reckless—"
Dean spares a glance to Cas and Sam. They were both fucked up going into this, but they don’t look dead. Yet. They can probably last a few more minutes. Cause if they do die that’s going to be a world of hassle. And will probably occupy a lot of time that Dean could be using to go get some water. Okay, priorities. He’ll sate his thirst, then come back for the others. If they’re dead there’s not much he can do for them anyways.
Sam does act a little cool. Dean throws crumpled paper at him, and sometimes Sam turns and snatches it out of the air like he’s a blind batman or something. For a while they entertain themselves as Dean throws things and Sam tries to sense where it is to catch it before it hits him. They don’t play for very long because it devolves into Dean just pelting Sam with whatever he can find and Sam yelling that Dean’s not being fair.
“Okay,” Dean agrees, because he’s not Sam’s keeper, not anymore. They’re equals and it’s Sam’s powers, and Dean’s going to have his back no matter the choice.
“What, the shower?” Dean asks. He glances up from the tv, notes the knife in Sam’s hand. Not unusual. They’re always packing a few knives, just in case. In a crunch Sam has cut his hair with them, and they’re definitely in a crunch right now.
He can stall, he decides. He’s sucked dick before. Benny thought he was good at it. Dean learned a host of other positions and things from Benny. And it’s not like Cas will know if Dean’s bad at any of it. Unless Meg did that for him.
“I choose you,” Cas blurts out, “I’ll follow you anywhere. I don’t think I could keep myself away, but it’s— it’s for selfish reasons. I don’t want anyone else to have your love. And that’s why I need to put space between us. Before it’s too late.”
“He’s normally a lot bigger,” Sam says, “like, he’s taking up the bed but not the room. I can’t tell if stitching him up helped, but his wings are fucked and he’s still bleeding grace in a lot of—”
“Yes,” he finally admits, “though… the intensity of the moment has passed. I feel less likely to act on it.”
They’re both talking over each other, trying to apologize for their absence, trying to ask about what each other has been doing. Bobby directs them to the living room. Dean sits down beside Sam, finally content and safe. It’s no surprise to him that he passes out. Quick catnap, that’s all he needs.
He says it like Dean treats Cas super special. Like Sam can tell there’s something going on between Cas and Dean that isn’t normal.
Dean’s been too tired for intense sex the last few rounds they got handsy, and he cramps easy these days, but Benny’s creative. Dean’s stomach is striped with their come. He should clean it off before it dries. He hopes Benny licks it off of him.
“I think he means well,” Bobby agrees, “but I also don’t think he works in the same way as us. It’s something to be aware of.”
“Yeah I think the angels are gonna give us some space. For now everyone is gonna think it was Cas working the big mojo. And nobody wants to fuck with him,” Dean says.
Bobby looks at Dean. Dean shrugs. Cas was cranky about having coffee earlier— maybe he’s not a morning person?
“Dean,” Cas says, and there’s a hesitancy in his tone, a look in his face that makes Dean’s stomach drop.
Is Sam even alive? He was on the mend when Dean left, but it— it was a close thing. Maybe he’d been okay for a bit, and then he crashed, and Dean wasn’t there for him. No one was there. It’s been a whole year. Is that why Dean can’t find him?
So what about the wrap-up?! This story was large, and had a lot of moving parts. Now that Sam and Dean’s (prequel) stories are done, I can talk more freely about a lot of things! Many of y’all have sent in Q’s, and I’ve been drafting responses. Those will also be posted over on the blog, likely on wednesday. For tradition <3.
Cas whimpers and clutches at his side. His pants are soaked with blood and— right, right. He got stabbed through the hip.
He’s leaving. For good. That’s what he’s saying. It’s like purgatory all over again: Cas wanted to stay, to serve penance for the choices he made. He’s going to run, because he thinks Dean blames him. Because Cas thinks he needs to suffer.
Here’s his kid brother: angel eater, health freak, and got the jump on telling Cas to take care of him.
Dean is unsuccessful in pulling his weapon out. Benny gives him a nudge to move over, and with a good heave of vampire strength, pulls it clear.
By the time Dean makes it to his bed, he wonders if that craft beer was off or something. He’s nauseous. He hasn’t stopped sweating since Sam almost caught Cas kissing him.
It occurs to Dean that Cas has spent the night in his room, sitting guard or just hanging out while Dean sleeps, enough times that he has his own side of the bed.
, so he doesn’t have to see the end of the world and know it’s because of him, Cas leans in, adjusting his hands.
They make it to the exit. Benny’s soul burns hot under Dean’s skin, but this is it. This is the end.
Sam wants that, is asking for it, and even though Dean would rather pull his fingernails out than try and describe how badly he misses Cas, he remembers his new mantra:
“We’re not real,” Sam insists as Dean gets to work cleaning the blood off him. Everything seems non-damaging, like it was intended to cause pain, but not to kill. His hand is blistered. He stuck it on an oven element.
“Well we’re definitely not brothers,” Dean jokes. He means because Dean has Sam, because Cas knows Sam and Cas
“About him taking it off? I’m all for it,” Dean says. No one should be treated the way Cas has been treated by his family. It’s insane.
“An hour?” he looks back towards the living room, where Sam is still passed out and vomiting blood on the pullout, “do we have that long?”
“I don’t know, man. Changing monsters into— I don’t know, still monsters? But with options? It sounds dangerous. It also sounds like the kind of thing angels are gonna notice,” Dean says.
“People recommended them,” Andrea shrugs, like that should be obvious. Dean tries to picture her trying to make small talk with people. Her and Benny: lived in a vampire cult for like a collective 100 years, now fresh out of purgatory, no longer drinking humans dry and out in the modern world. It feels like the start of a funny joke. Then again, Dean knows what it’s like to be adrift in the world.
Cas takes the can carefully. He handles everything carefully, like he’s afraid his soft hands might break anything he touches. Their fingers overlap, and Dean’s palms start sweating. Christ, he’s like a teenager all over again. He tries to subtly drag his hands up his thighs to wipe them off.
If Dean kills him, then no one can tell him that he has to deal with Sam. He hadn’t thought of that before. It sounds efficient.
So Dean’s ready. He’s prepared. Mentally, physically, spiritually, in all ways possible he is fucking
“Just— go slow, right? Gimme some time to relax,” Dean reminds him. Sometimes Cas gets too focused and barrels right into shit. Dean does not need a surprise three fingers up his ass when he’s still feeling nervous.
“Yeah,” Dean says, because it was close, he remembers that much now. The pain and the sudden shift from dying to healed has blurred his memories a bit, but he knows he really was close to dying, “thanks for that.”
“Sam,” Dean whines. Sam already got grossed out by Dean saying he’s queer. Why does he want to keep digging?
“No, you don’t,” Sam snaps, “you don’t understand what he is and what you’ve gotten yourself into, because I didn’t understand until I
? Isn’t that kind of taboo, considering you’re—” he’s gonna say ‘a man’, Dean knows it, and Dean can barely have
use fag/faggot at any point in this story, though I do feel that is an insult that Dean would have been raised with as part of his vocabulary. I personally feel that is a loaded enough term in the current present that you the readers don’t need to encounter it sprinkled throughout what is intended to be a story you’re reading for fun.
They need Cas’ help on occasion, although Cas is busy, with his angel war or whatever. Dean and Sam occupy themselves with ending Crowley and then there’s Eve and whatever else comes their way.
And then there’s Cas. Who drops in, is in his corner. So Dean isn’t actually alone, he’s got Cas. And that… sits differently. He’s still got that
The angle is different, touching someone else. If Dean had thought this out, he might have tried to figure out some way he could be behind Cas, doing a little reach-around to touch him, to show Cas all the different things he could try.
He’s seen the effect on the monsters, for sure. Dean almost stumbled into what he thinks was an orgy, and only because they were all so preoccupied did he manage to slip away. Purgatory’s got everyone amped up, making them horny and hostile all at the same time. He thinks this might be why and how the monsters here spend all their time hunting each other down. Which makes him wonder if maybe he’s not being hunted to be killed, but maybe for other reasons he’d rather not think about.
Cas drops into the wheelchair like a sack of potatoes. He doesn’t put up a fight as they roll him into the kitchen.
been broken. That… that what I became, with the arms race of using souls, in pursuit of purgatory, that that is what I
Castiel under her control. Seraph or not, he’s still an angel who was brought back to life by God himself. It should have been a big victory for her, and could have won her the support to win the war.
“It’s not up to you to save them!” Dean shouts. Of course Sam still thinks he needs to redeem himself, of
Dean’s already been branded by Cas, is stupid in love with him. He can’t imagine what more that Cas could get from him. The thought that Cas wants more? That Dean wants to give him more?
“Is there like, I don’t know, a big bee farm out there?” Dean guesses, “there’s a big ball of twine, there’s gotta be a big bee place too.”
And then Sam gets serious, "I want to do this, Dean. And I think I can. But… I promised that if you said to stop, that I would. So it… it’s your call.”
Cas loves him right now. Cas would say it if Dean asks. Does Cas even understand how powerful that is? How
“What I am…” Cas pauses, shakes his head. Dean really did open a can of worms didn’t he, and it’s going to take a lot of big words to get through this. He sits up so he and Cas are sitting shoulder-to-shoulder.
Dean feels the air go out of the room. Cas can’t say that. Their relationship works because Cas looks away when Dean fucks up and figures it out until he can do things right. Besides, Dean didn’t mean it the way Cas does. How the hell do they go on, if this is going to sit between them?
Benny recovers quickly, grabs Cas’ hand but is unable to break Cas’ grip, “I’m not the one who abandoned him!”
And it’s fun. Real fun. The kind of fun that makes Sam and Bobby relax. The kind of fun Dean can have to appease his team, get his little clan running smoothly again when they don’t have to worry about him. They can rest easy thinking Dean’s back to normal. The pre-purgatory normal.
Cas whimpers, sticks out his tongue, and Dean wants to laugh but Cas just said his whole family thinks that if he won’t be brainwashed again they should just
queer, just a failure to commit because he can’t be straight enough to be normal, or queer enough to actually be gay so he’s just a disappointment on all fronts. But it means that he’s got no idea where to start, if he needs like, fuck, equipment or what supplies or even how to, well, prep for anything.
blows on Sam. Hits that Sam should block, that Sam should hit him back for. Dean gets angrier, hits harder because Sam should be fighting back properly, he should be doing better, getting better, that he’s
And as if on cue, Bobby’s cut off by the sound of Sam screaming. The lights go haywire, going on and off like it’s a strobe party.
Dean could use a witty response, to cut the tension, but he recognizes that they’re having a serious conversation, and where Bobby is probably heading with this, “Your, um, your wife?” And christ, Dean should know her name. Especially when they’re talking about how Bobby had to kill her because she’d been possessed.
Cas doesn’t look away from him, doesn’t shrug it off or make fun of Dean for that. He considers it for a long moment, like it’s not a super chick thing to say.
Dean’s on his feet, and Cas stands to meet him. They’re toe-to-toe and somewhere in the back of his mind Dean is ready for this to turn into a brawl. He’ll grab Cas by the front of his shirt, throw him into a wall.
They take Bobby’s old pickup. Poor thing hasn’t been driven in a while— though Dean doubts Bobby’s let a lack of license stop him. Engine doesn’t sound too bad, and Dean lets it sit for a minute. He scans the yard around them. No sign of angels, demons or anything in between. Sam rolls down his window to adjust the side mirror for him. It creaks ominously like it might snap off if it moves any further.
"We had an appointment," Cas says, playing dumb. And since seeing him laughing and sarcastic and emotive in the future, Dean recognizes all of those things in Cas now. He knew Cas was smart, but hell, since when was Cas
“It’s not an option!” Dean snaps, and he looks down at Cas, “I promised I wouldn’t let them get their hands on him—”
to kill. And I did. All of Raphael’s supporters, everyone who wouldn’t kneel to me. I hunted down humans too, and countless demons. I felt… I felt like I had the right to decide who should live and who should die, and I… Dean I
“Sam’s body was so badly damaged that restoring him entirely might have been worse. I assume he’ll recover slowly, like when he went blind from touching my grace,” Cas says.
“You’re always Cas,” Dean reminds him, “no matter what you are. We’ll find out more from Sam when he gets better, but we gotta take this one day at a time. Even if you’re still not human, you’ve got a human body you gotta take care of.”
“Maybe Sam can tell us, when he wakes up. He can tell you what he did,” Dean figures, “and we can figure out how to put you back to normal.”
Sam only sleeps when he’s so exhausted that he passes out. He thinks that makes things easier. The only thing that’s easier is Dean’s ability to pin Sam down when Sam starts thrashing in the night. When he asks, Dean tells him that he is quieter. He doesn’t mention that Sam almost kicked out the back window, that Sam bit him hard enough to draw blood. Sam needs some small win, some way of feeling like maybe he’s in control of himself.
There's a wrenching motion, a ripping sound, and something thick and slimy flails as it’s pulled out of Dean’s throat. He gasps in fresh air, sobs, because oh fuck it was
This series has officially reached 200k in posted words, with a good chunk of story to go. If you told me this time last year that I would be this deep into Spn (again), I'd think you were crazy! And yet!!!
Cas sighs heavily, “If I kiss you like earlier will you orgasm? This whole process feels convoluted.”
He comes upon the campers easily- with their lights and the scent of their campfire they're easy prey. Dean has to resist attacking them. He's home, on earth, and purgatory is over. Earth is different. He has to unlearn the rules he's survived by.
they’ve had between them for two years now has finally come to a head. It’s such a relief to feel fists, to take the hits.
“You’re the angel that stopped the apocalypse,” Dean insists, “you’re the one who helped save the world--”
Dean stops gagging every time he eats raw meat. He starts getting a preference for which monsters taste best. He presses a kiss to Cas’ soft skin before drinking his blood.
Benny mentions that they haven’t seen Eve around recently. Dean decides to own up to that. Benny is shocked, and then impressed. Dean can’t help himself, and starts talking about his other big kills. How his first kill was when he was twelve. First solo hunt at seventeen. It’s kind of fucked up, Dean knows, but he’s not thinking about that right now. He likes how Benny listens, like how Benny’s mouth curves into a smile when he’s impressed by Dean. Dean likes that Benny knows he’s tough, and a badass.
“Yeah,” he agrees, and then remembers who he’s talking to, “but— but not now. I need— I need to recover.” And maybe plan a night where he can get rid of Sam. Get some supplies. Figure out how to stop being so terrified of something he
Once again a reminder that the next chapter will go up on FRIDAY, and then we're back to our regular sunday-wednesday schedule.
. Dean can barely follow the conversation, but Cas’ rage is only going to make Sam dig in his heels.
“You’re not,” Bobby insists, “first it was Cas, and now Sam. You haven’t had time to stop. Just— get one nights sleep, please.”
“He tried,” Death agrees, “but he was arrogant. He misjudged the timing, and instead of flat lining, his song was added to your own.”
“For being happy?” Cas asks, and before Dean can respond Cas orders, “stop thinking about your father.”
He’s not. He won’t. This is his normal now. There’s an absence, a gaping wound in Dean’s life, and he doesn’t know how to stop the bleeding. He doesn’t know how to talk about Cas, if he
So it’s not his fault when Cas’ thigh gets jammed up between Dean’s legs, at just the right angle to grind against, and with the way Dean arches off the bed as Cas both pins him with his strength
Cas doesn’t look away from him. Cas has always seen him, right from the beginning. They could look at each other and
Cas finally comes off the door. Neither of them even have their coats off yet. They were making out, and then Dean decided to spice things up with a good old bj. Why is Cas being so weird?
Cas steps forwards, the light intensifies as he moves his hand from his wound. Dean can’t make himself move as Cas reaches out and cups Dean’s face in his hands. One of them is notably hot from trying to contain Cas’ grace. He smells like blood.
Bobby gestures to where Dean is holding Cas’ hand, “The two of you can’t put up a fight, we have no weapons, or bargaining chips. Not to mention Cas looks like he’s one sneeze away from dying. And you wanna call Death himself here?”
Cas can’t look at him, “I knew you would never agree to it. It’s why I couldn’t tell you. You would be better off if I hadn’t returned, but it appears I am your punishment.”
of them, but for a lot of them. He wants to show his support, but not make Sam feel like he’s under supervision.
“We are, and we always will be,” she says, and she levels Dean with an angry glare, “but you and I both know how big his heart is. Things get complicated when a vampire gets a second life.”
Dean hasn’t been this up in Cas’ face since he kissed him a few years ago. He wonders if Cas would be interested in a part two. Or a do-over. How has he never noticed how handsome Cas is? It takes Dean a moment to remember how to talk.
Dean isn’t conscious until a hurricane rips apart his cocoon. There’s screaming, violent and terrible, and now he’s aware that his skin is burning, that he can’t breathe, that he’s trapped, pinned on all sides. That it’s
“So perhaps I would like sex more, if it was with you. But right now I’ll admit I don’t see the point,” Cas finishes.
He always thought you couldn’t have a Home while in the life. Because you can’t put hunting down and go home at the end of the day. Hunting is like an infection, like shackles to an unfathomable weight. You carry it with you, wherever you go. And you either escape it completely or you die with it.
Cas has a great poker face. He can sell a lot of shit with a look alone, which is good because he’s an awful liar when he has to talk. Dean knows that Cas is feeling isolated and depressed because of the chaos going on in heaven, and that he feels it’s all his fault.
If this chapter is too difficult to read, for whatever reason, there is a tl;dr at the end, and you are free to wait until next week to pick this story back up. (Season 7 spans 2 chapters total, and we will head into purgatory in chapter 6!)
“Me?” Dean almost laughs, and looks down at Cas’ unconscious vessel on the cot, “dude, I am not angel quality—”
Thank you everyone for the kind words last chapter! I appreciate all of you for sticking with this story so long, and I'm so excited to share the upcoming last chapters with y'all! Everything I've been setting up since the start of
“You’re impossibly annoying like this,” Death growls. He lowers the cane as he moves towards Cas. Dean remains magically frozen in place.
Sam goes quiet a moment, and Dean wonders if they’ve popped a hole in Sam’s imaginary friend’s theory. That this will be what shocks Sam back to reality.
Bobby snorts, “Not everything’s about you, Dean. We’re at my dads grave. But if you want to talk about him...”
He’s so open, exposed, like this. Dean has half a mind to feel mortified, especially when it’s a man between his legs. He feels the uncomfortable pressure of Cas’ finger moving, breathes through it, and uncurls his toes. And then oh shit, oh
A monster walks into the barn, past all of the sigils and wards and protections spells Dean and Bobby have put up. The man comes in what feels like a cloud of radient light, of high-pitched screaming that drowns out the gunfire. The man is glowing from within in ways Dean has never seen before. The lightbulbs are exploding as he walks, calmly, as though he is the eye of the storm itself. Dean fires several rounds into the man, and he
Dean shakes his head, “You’re not. I— it’s super fucked up, but like I said: I like that this means you have to stay. With me.”
“The bindings…” Cas says, “I wasn’t aware you could see it. They were cloaked from even my awareness. It’s amazing you had the strength to see them at all.”
Andrea hasn’t eased up on her clear disdain for Dean. She gets a coffee for appearances, and looks disgusted as Dean orders the greasiest, carb-heavy meal on the menu. He’s going to eat his nerves if it kills him.
His bony hand grips Sam by the chin to turn Sam’s face up to him as he growls, “This is not a favor. I’m curious to see what happens next. The next time you kill yourself, I
“If I get to be your psycho girlfriend,” Dean jokes, “then I kinda like that you can’t take off on me anymore. That you have to stick around.”
“So ignore it and hope it goes away? That it gets easier to deal with?” Dean asks, and he rolls his eyes. Yeah, sure, sounds great.
“You need anything else?” Dean asks. Sam’s probably exhausted, and Dean needs to go talk Cas down from his defcon level anger to his regular cranky. And then work out a plan on how to deal with Sam.
“Love was enough to change me,” Cas declares. Dean hopes Cas can feel how much he loves him right now through their shared soul.
“If it is an issue, I can change my vessel,” Cas says, not for the first time, “my human gender is not important to—”
“My grace sustains my host,” Cas says, “and so even though my host is human, the body is kept in homeostasis. It’s possible I can pass that on to you, for a short while.”
Dean shoots him a disgruntled look. How the fuck can Sam understand? Dean’s been running around being a fucking
Sam’s right. They’ve risked too much, have too much to gain, to fuck up closing the gates to hell when they’re one trial away. But it’s about saving Cas.
Cas saves him, yet again. Dean takes the time to help wrap the cut afterwards. It becomes a little ritual for the two of them. With purgatory’s constant twilight, there’s no way to mark the passage of days, and so this becomes a mark of time passing for them.
“Sam was saved from the cage,” Cas reminds him, “it’s not unreasonable that Lucifer could be freed as well.”
Cas’ hand is surprisingly warm on Dean’s face. Dean is used to Benny’s cool touch, or the constant temperature in purgatory. He’s used to warm splashes of blood from killing. But he hasn’t felt anything like Cas’ touch in a long, long time. Dean practically nuzzles into it, wants Cas to keep touching him.
Dad would never admit to this kind of weakness. That he wasn’t strong enough to take care of all the people he loves. Dean has never been as strong as Dad.
Sam is blind for several days. On the second day he proclaims to Dean that he’s fine, that this is actually great for his training. He walks around apparently using his third eye or whatever to navigate. For the most part, he does okay. He looks like a dumbass the whole time, walking around with his eyes closed and his hands out. He, well, he looks like someone pretending to be blind.
“The rules? Well it’s simple enough. I’m sure you’ve noticed that this place changes you. Makes you your best self. So there’s only one rule: take what you want,” Benny says, and he’s very focused where Dean licks blood off of his lips, “cause this is the only place a monster can be truly free.”
Cas looks like shit. Dean needs to change his bandages, maybe they should take him to a hospital? Dean wants to drag him to bed, to home, where they’re safe. He wants to hold Cas in his arms and stop thinking about how close he came to losing him again.
“Bobby, I… you said about… it’s my brother, and… and Cas. I don’t want them to hate me,” Dean gets out.
"Crowley's been gunning to get your help with his whole Abaddon situation," Bobby reminds them, "he calls me every other day to find out what he can offer you to take care of her."
Cas nods, looks at Dean with that open adoration that makes Dean’s skin crawl with how unworthy he feels for it.
Cas glares down at Dean from his vantage point in the chair. But he pushes himself to his feet, and Dean realizes in that second that Cas might not be able to say no to him, and maybe
Cas inhales like four burgers before they force him to slow down. He’s delighted by how much love they were cooked with. Both Bobby and Dean struggle to take the compliment.
She completely ignores him, staring past Dean into the house, “What are you hiding in there? I want to know.”
Dean’s worked with things he dislikes: for instance, Meg herself. Enemy of my enemy, and all that. Cas should be easy to handle, he’s a means to an end.
Dean still has nightmares about that. Watching in horror as Sam gets stabbed from behind, of the feeling of Sam dying in his arms. Of watching Sam leap into the cage.
. Benny kisses him, grabs him to pull him closer. Dean wants to touch him everywhere and simultaneously doesn’t know where to start. Benny’s beard is a weird sensation against his face, not something he’s used to. It scratches with his, throws Dean off for a moment, and then Benny opens his mouth, tongue slides into Dean’s, and Dean thinks
“I saved Cas’ life,” Sam says proudly, cutting in, “and he didn’t die. So if you’re here to be mad, I didn’t break any rules—”
“What if I’m covered in shit— I’ll even roll in the mud— but I’ll go in with you and we can cover more ground that way.”
And now, here we are. At the end. Thank you again for joining me at the start of this series, and  I’ll see you soon (soon, being TBD) for the next part of the journey.
Delight bubbles it’s way up Dean’s chest, making him laugh. He reaches out to Cas, Cas reaches back. Their hands feel good together, like this is what Dean’s hands were made for. Not to hold a gun or a knife, but to hold Cas. For today, he’s going to imagine that it’s true.
“Okay, okay, yeah. Cas we’re gonna sew you up, and you’re gonna feel like shit, but you’re gonna be okay.”
“It’s because you’re a dude,” Dean snaps, “it’s because I’m a guy, and so are you. It’s because I’m not ready to tell anyone about that because I still don’t know where I am on that.”
Yeah, Dean expected this one. He’s gotta be careful to use facts, or else Sam will go off about emotions and that never gets them anywhere.
It’s good that Cas is so focused at times like this, because the closer Dean gets to coming the less coherent he gets. Between pinching his own nips, and going hard at his own dick, when Dean lets out a low, gutteral moan, Cas lunges forwards to kiss him. He spreads his fingers. Dean yelps in his mouth, brings up his hand to grab Cas and hold him as they kiss. Dean can barely hold it, panting. Cas relaxes his fingers, strokes again at Dean’s prostate. Dean works his wrist faster, drags his thumb over the tip of his cock.
“You’re doing great,” Bobby assures Sam. Sam melts at the praise. He clears his throat to try and hide that he’s blushing.
Dean falls into the tunnel-sighted focus he gets when the stakes are high. He’s got a job to do, and he’s going to see it through.
“I don’t judge,” Benny placates him, but it’s not the first time he’s made a dig at Dean about being queer, “I’m just thinking: must be hard with no one looking out for you.”
This week will be a little softer, as Dean n Cas settle into their new relationship. Next week we get back to more action, so enjoy the domestics while they last!
It’s too soon. He can’t do it now. Dean hasn’t gotten it right yet. He can’t say it how Cas needs it.
Bobby comes up behind Sam, boots loud in the water. Sam keeps moving slowly like he can’t hear it. Bobby shoots Dean a worried look, and then leans close to Sam and claps his hands together. Loud. Dean flinches from the noise. Sam doesn’t react.
“And so that’s why my life…” Sam trails off with a scowl. He shakes his head, “okay. So what are you saying?”
Dean whimpers as his soul slides back into place, and terror rises high in his throat like bile. An angel? Why the fuck would Sam have an angel wing? Sam’s human. Humans don’t have wings!
“You treat him well,” Bobby bulldozes him, “because if you fuck this up, Dean Winchester, I’m gonna have to kick your ass.”
Cas was the one who lead the rebelling faction, with the intention of establishing new order in heaven. They were outnumbered and out-gunned by Raphael’s forces. Hence: the soul fiasco and what resulted in the Leviathans coming to earth, and later to Dean and Cas going to purgatory for a year.
“That’s thoughtful of you,” Dean says, going for nonchalant. The coat is heavier than he expects. If he wears it to sleep, he thinks he might actually wake up warm for once.
Bobby muses on this a moment before he says, “Do you ever wonder if he’s hunting still because you need to?”
“And you love in… in brilliant ways,” Cas continues, “I think I have learned something about love through watching you. I’d like to love, as you do, one day.”
“Blood drinking?” Benny’s eyebrows hit his hairline, and he laughs out loud, “if you’re offering, angel, I wouldn’t mind a taste.”
By Dean’s count he’s been on the run for a week. But he’s lost all sense of time. The endless twilight, the constant light fog and unchanging cool temperature make for the feeling that time doesn’t even exist here. Nothing changes. There’s no morning, no day, no night.
“I don’t either,” Dean agrees, “and I— if you are on orders— then maybe I shouldn’t tell you what to do, ever. If I don’t give orders, then you can do what you want. Is that as close to freedom as I can give you? If this is real?”
Sam doesn’t kill anything. Dean isn’t sure if it’s because Sam was nervous of Dean, or impressed by him. He doesn’t ask.
But they’re going to die tomorrow, and he doesn’t mind the feeling of Cas’ knee against his, the electric feel of his skin against Dean’s hand. He’ll stay out here for a little longer.
Here they are, two dumbasses who tried to be good and loyal sons, but they only know how to ruin. Cas stood up to his whole family, declared openly that he believed they were wrong. He’s
What was it the other angels like to say? That Dean’s touch, his influence, corrupts even the most holy of creatures?
Sam makes it through the portal, looking frazzled, but in one piece. He meets them on the forestry road, hiking down from the purgatory exit. He explains that Crowley and Naomi were here when he jumped out, but that he took care of it.
He spends too long staring at the pump and not doing anything. Cas steps out of the car to join him, and stretches his arms above his head. His shirt rides up and Dean can’t take his eyes off of him.
He wanted Dean to kill Sam, if Sam got out of control. Dad wouldn’t have tolerated this, wouldn’t have let Sam spill the way he is.
“Now,” Dean demands. Though to be honest he’s not sure if he can get hard again. One round took a lot out of him.
Dean and Cas are the only truly living things in purgatory that aren’t leviathans. Everything here would like to tear them apart and make them part of the scenery. And despite everything, despite their falling out, and their tentative rekindling, Dean looks at Cas and knows this is the badass that pulled him out of hell, that turned on heaven and his family to stop the apocalypse. He and Cas rebelled against their fathers plans, took on the messes their fathers left for them to clean up, and the two of them are figuring out how to be their own men. Cas looks at Dean, and Dean feels that energy, that
There’s so much that’s amazing about fucking around with a man. Sex doesn’t need much planning or prep— if they’re both horny, they’re good to go. Benny doesn’t need much incentive to get hard. Dean always liked foreplay, of drawing things out, but this does work to their advantage in purgatory. And dicks are so easy— it’s
Thank you so much to everyone who took the time to leave a comment last chapter. Y'all are awesome <33
“You’re included in that, in the people I, uh, care about,” Dean hears himself babble, and he points to the list, “so, like I said. I’m, well, I’m trying.”
?” Dean’s been eating way too many human-like parts to not be thinking about Cas making him chew on his fingers or something disgusting like that.
“It’s not what you think,” Dean says easily, the same lies he tells himself, “Benny and me? Means nothing—”
Sam fires a shot. Dean flinches at the noise. Naomi stops talking, dumbfounded, and glances down where Sam hit her vessel in the shoulder. It’s not going to do anything, but Dean feels a bit of amusement at pumping some lead into her.
“Maybe I should have brought this up, before, but I didn’t even think about it until it came up. I’m sorry, I know I’m a piece of shit—”
“Yeah,” Dean croaks. He needs to walk away. That was the deal. He’d bring Benny over, but then their alliance ends. They have to return to their separate sides, and hope they don’t encounter one another in this world. Dean has a life to get back to, people to find. He’s his own master again, and Purgatory can’t make him want this anymore. Dean needs to face the empty space that Cas left in his life. He needs to find Sam. He needs…
Death sighs loudly at the state of the room— half-dead Sam, broken tv, windows blown out, and books scattered everywhere.
to be fake, which means Sam truly is breaking again. That he needs to deal with that, because the alternative is that Cas has never truly been
Bobby steps back in surprise. Cas’s shoulders have come up, and he looks coiled to hit anyone who gets too close to him.
He’s been on the road alone, so, those rooms he had to himself. He was alone most of the years Sam left for Stamford, even before Dad was letting him go on his own hunts. He was old enough to do research or run ahead and check things out, and hope Dad would pop by eventually.
supposed to think for myself, because all I’m meant for is destruction. I’m supposed to be used as heaven sees fit, and they truly have lost control of their weapon.”
Dean ends the night sitting on the back porch, looking out over the scrap cars. The lights of the city glow in the distance. He loves Bobby’s back porch. Outside of the impala, this is his favorite seat in the world.
Dean remembers Cas’ grace burning bright in his eyes as Cas fought it, as Dean clung to him and begged him to fight it. Realizing Cas couldn’t break free, that he was going to die with Cas’ sword stabbed through his heart.
on the bedside table that Cas likes to read because he says he can hear Dean’s childhood delight in the pages. He tries to drink coffee, Bobby’s whiskey, and even Sam’s godawful white claws, and none of them have any flavor.
Dean doesn't kill this driver. He doesn't kill the next. He wonders if they know how close they came to death, that if they made one wrong movement he'd cut their throats without question.
Dean turns on the news, if only to have something to stare at. Sam lets out a content sigh, head pillowed on Dean’s shoulder. Cas’s hand is warm in his.
Dean hates that question. Bobby should know better to ask it. But in terms of Cas, of how it feels to have Cas nearby, when Cas looks at him and sees Dean, when Cas knows Dean and chooses him… yeah, that feels pretty good. Cas wants Dean to be his home. Cas wants to
“If I said no, he would have gone and done this in private,” Dean says, “he’s too stubborn for his own good. This way, at least, I can be involved so it won’t blindside us all if something goes wrong.”
“Not out,” Cas clarifies, “it’s illogical to think a war can be won without fighting. But I want to save that for a last resort. I’d like to be known for being gentle. Could you imagine that?”
“There’s nowhere else I want to be,” Cas agrees, and he moves his free hand up to settle on Dean’s shoulder. His smile falls, “though… I don’t know what use I can be without my grace.”
Benny’s going to get them out of here. Cas and Benny should have no issue, and yet here they are again.
"Of course," Dean says, "of course you can stay. Cas— you're family, I've said that. You're always welcome with us."
God, he's just as hot as Dean remembers and Dean's stomach does flip-flops at the sight of him. Dean stomps it down. He's putting all his shit into nice little boxes and hiding it away to be unpacked never. He’s not queer anymore. This is a great time for him to work on that.
at him, could remember his face, and Dean’s instinct is to cut their throat before they can shout that they found The Human. He avoids eye contact as much as he can.
bad it was during the year that Sam was losing his mind. But Sam has enough on his plate, and what’s the point in using the past as a weapon.
And they’re in a weird liminal space right now, where Dean can talk about this kind of thing. It won’t last long, he knows.
him!” Dean all but screams. He’s not Dad, he’s never been tough enough to be Dad, he’s never been strong enough to be like Dad and turns out he’s too queer to be like Dad. And the worst part is that Dean wants to be like Dad just as much as he hates the thought of it.
“That spell you used was very reminiscent of Lucifer's weaving,” Castiel announces, and hesitates, “but then again, my memory is clearly not what it used to be. Maybe I’m wrong.”
Dean scrubs a hand down his face, “Is it— was I right to agree to this? To let him train? Are we going to end up with him completely off the rails again?”
He specifically doesn’t think about Cas. And all the times he came onto Cas. All the times Cas turned him down, but always, always said ‘yes’ when Dean asked if Cas still loved him.
“But I like the idea of a marriage,” Cas says, “of making our union known in ways that humans can understand.”
means follow him into the insanity he charges into. Means staying with him as he stops the apocalypse. Means staying with Dean for years, means going to purgatory together means letting Dean drink his blood, means staying at night to keep Dean company, means—
to know about Cas, after all the time Benny spent with Cas, and she already knows Dean’s queer, and so this isn’t even a reveal, but he finds himself avoiding the masculine pronouns anyways, “so it’s not like anything can happen. He doesn’t have to choose—”
“Like hell you’re the big spoon,” Dean grumbles, and rolls onto his back. He gets a hand to the back of Sam’s head and pulls him down. Sam folds into him, pressing his face into Dean’s neck as he snuggles his shoulder up under Dean’s armpit. Dean wonders if he’s supposed to say something about the tears he can feel on Sam’s face. Sam grabs a fistful of Dean’s shirt, curling his fingers like claws, and tangles Dean’s one leg between his own like he’s doing his best impression of a snake, and as Dean’s new blanket.
Cas is offering this. Maybe it’s a peace offering. He and Cas have always had a weird normal, and this was their normal in purgatory. Dean hasn’t slept well since losing Cas, and more than anyone he trusts Cas to know how to stand guard.
Dean tries to talk to him, to remind him what’s real. That Sam is too smart to get fooled by illusions, that Dad trained them in how to ground themselves out of nightmares. Sam doesn’t respond, seems to have totally checked out, and then he jumps. He gasps, looks around in shock.
But he turns his head to the side, looks up at Cas’ profile with the light of the bedside lamp behind him. His brow furrowed as he reads everything from an encyclopedia to a bodice-ripper romance he found in another country, lost by some tourist on a bus, and Dean thinks
Sam eats a lot. He devours every salad and quinoa bowl he can get his hands on like he’s the hungry hungry caterpillar or something. It’s too soon to be putting on weight, but, Sam already looks like a human again and not a corpse just waiting to die.
Death snaps his fingers and Sam flinches like something slapped him. Sam recoils with a shout, dropping back and covering his face so he’s splayed out on his back. Dean needs to get up off the bed because
Dean thinks of all the times Sam tried to cuddle up to him, tried to ask Dean for help, and Dean pushed Sam away and told him to stop being such a pussy. He jumped Sam, threw him down and hit him, when Sam wouldn’t fix himself.
Like a soothing balm, Dean feels a wash of cold air spill over him. The hair on the back of his neck stands up, chills run down his spine. It’s an unnatural cold, but it’s familiar in that— it’s Sam, it's gotta be Sam. Dean wants to open his eyes, but the light is still shining through his fingers. Cas’ voice still overwhelms everything, like a jet engine set off in Dean’s ears.
“Eve can only protect one place,” Benny says, like it’s obvious, “otherwise it’s dangerous to form groups.”
like Cas like that at all. Dean likes Cas the same way he liked Benny, the same way he’s liked so many guys in his life but was too stupid to realize it.
“Sam is powerful enough that Death has taken notice in him,” Cas reminds them, “I don’t think any of us know what he’s truly capable of. In any case, it will be wise for me to avoid heaven and my family for some time. I don’t believe I would be welcome, even if I didn’t have your soul.”
Benny takes Dean’s weight without breaking a sweat. Can lift him, hand under Dean’s thighs while Dean wraps his legs around Benny’s waist and focuses on kissing him stupid, and Benny doesn’t even strain under the weight. Benny can pick Dean up and move him where he wants— pin him against shit, toss him to the ground, throw him over his shoulder. It’s thrilling, it’s hot, to not just see, but
And like flipping a switch, Dean’s gone from wanting to figure out what the hell is wrong with Cas— and he cares, he does, it’s just that Cas’ baggage is so
Benny grabs him and pulls him back. Dean’s focus on the leviathan lightshow is broken, and he keeps his eyes lowered. Holy shit. It almost whammied him into walking right up to it.
“I know what it’s like to be a disappointment to your father,” Cas says, “I’m sorry if your father was ashamed of your love.”
Now Dean’s confused. Doesn’t she want Dean to back off? To stop making her man queer just cause Dean’s weak for him.
“You get quiet when things are bad,” Bobby explains, “so, I can tell this is a bad one. When you can, just know you can talk to me. About anything.”
“I’m, uh, I’m gonna go out back,” Dean announces to the room, and hopes Cas can hear him. That Cas is even here, “I know we kinda, uh, fought. And I’m— I shouldn’t have yelled. I’m sorry. If you wanted to join me outside, you can.”
“I’m fine,” Sam insists. He does not look fine. He looks sick, like he’s going to start hurting himself or losing time again and why didn’t Dean notice? Why was he so wrapped up in his own shit that he missed that Sam’s falling apart again?
Naomi was in a position to potentially know about Cas’ status as a seraph— if they exist— because she was in charge of ‘reprogramming’ angels. If Cas was constantly needing to be rewired to be kept in line, she might have been the one working on him. But now that he broke free of Naomi’s control, rumors could start circulating. If this seraph thing is true, most of heaven will find out what Cas is sooner than later.
Cas scowls at Dean, “Your soul is beautiful. I’ve admired it since I laid siege to hell to rescue you. And it… it compliments me in ways I did not expect. You harmonize differently than angels, but it is a pleasant song nonetheless.”
Dean’s been semi-suicidal most of his life. It comes with the job. You have to be ready to go, and as the days wear on and the nights stay long and there’s really no end in sight, no big medal for all your efforts, and only more motel rooms and open roads and strangers in bars too look forwards to… you start to hope it
“I’ll try just about anything,” Dean says, “but I— a line for me is more about, you know, what I said about people knowing.”
“Hymns I understand,” Cas says, “worship. It… the sense of communion, of raising voices together. It’s almost angelic, or striving for it. This is… not that.”
WHEW. As you've probably guessed by this point, I AM cherry-picking what events I talk about in relation to the Actual Spn Plot and which emotional beats I hit or make up for this story. In my mind the leviathan plot is very much ongoing and happening, but that's a lot of extra words when we've all watched the episodes. Hence the leviathans not showing up a huge amount. But the boys are still fighting them! And you can picture the Spn episodes as Sam's (relatively) good days.
Dean explodes into action, but he’s still not fast enough to tackle his brother before Sam brings the knife to his throat. They hit the floor hard, half into the tv stand. The tv falls, clips Dean’s shoulder, hits the ground. Shatters.
The longer Dean can avoid hiding in this cave the better. It’s stupid small, and he won’t be able to stand upright. Benny’s going to lay down a log across the entrance so it’ll be basically invisible. In theory, Dean should be totally safe. They even restocked on some ‘snacks’ for Dean to munch on. He hates it. He hates this whole plan but hasn’t been able to argue his way out of it.
Sam walks back into the kitchen, idly rubbing his wrists. The last of the trial magic, weird light squirming under Sam’s skin, fades away. He looks deep in thought. Dean sits up straighter. Sam was doing psychic stuff. Does he have news?
“Party over?” Dean guesses. Cas and Bobby were talking last Dean saw. And Sam and Dean had a tense ‘have a good sleep’ goodbye, opting to pretend like this might not be their last night on earth, and that there would be many more times to say ‘hey brother, i love you’ before the end.
The can in Dean’s hand makes a loud noise as he squeezes it too tight. He forces himself to relax his hand.
, and it feels like this has been a long time coming, and a lot like coming home. And this is all too fairy tale, too soft, and Dean’s wanted this for years now and he can’t stop.
Cas doesn't get offended by the question, like some people would. Dean likes that Cas can understand what he's saying, that he's just curious.
Dean leans his shoulder against the doorframe, crossing his arms across his chest. His baby brother and an angel of the lord are playing psychic catch with an empty white claw in the kitchen. This is… sometimes when Dean takes stock of his life he comes to realize he’s not very normal.
He just needs a small bit so he can get himself off without chafing. He pinches his nipple with his other hand, dulled slightly by going through his t-shirt. Which reminds Dean that Cas is still wearing a full outfit.
Cas shakes his head, “I didn’t check— I knew you were in danger. I flew to you…” and now he rolls his shoulders, like there’s an itch on his back he can’t quite reach, “I think he— Sam reshaped me.”
Sam returns with the first aid kit. Bobby’s got the booze. Dean can do this. Dean can handle this, and then Cas will be stable. It’s going to be rocky, maybe a little touch and go, but he’s going to be okay.
Maybe that kiss, the blood in his mouth, was an offering of a sort. Maybe it’s all been a part of a spell Dean didn’t know he was crafting.
TEA and TBAM, you might recall that I intended these 2 stories to be a prequel/foundation setting for the series at large. And so! Consider the foundations set!
“For all their might, angels run on very specific rules,” Death continues, “they don’t change. They remain as they were created to be. As God intended them. This includes their song. A host must sing, or be able to sing, at the same frequency of the angel, or else they will injure both themselves and the host. You’ve seen what happens in this case.”
“I’m sorry,” Cas says soon after, at night outside of Lisa’s house. Dean meets him on the front lawn, isn’t ready to let him inside just yet. Isn’t sure how to explain Cas to Lisa, or if he ever will.
“Thanks,” Dean says. If he says too much more he feels like he could crack. God knows he and Sam have had their low points. Hunting isn’t easy on anyone, but this— if Dean had been seconds slower, Sam might have succeeded in killing himself.
They’re making out, Dean’s on his back with Benny on top of him. Dean loves being pinned down. Benny’s weight on him is grounding and Dean likes it even more when Benny grinds down on him. Lets Dean imagine he’s the chick and maybe
“Well at least I know you’ve done that,” Sam says, and for Bobby’s benefit he adds, “Cas was leaving, like, grace lipstick on Dean for a while. They thought they were being sneaky.”
“You may go unconscious. Do not be alarmed,” Cas says to Dean. Dean stares at him and has to remind himself he’s not dreaming. Cas rarely lets his touches linger this long.
“Think about your brother,” Benny insists as they get moving. He’s walking close, too close, but it means they can keep their voices down.
“I don’t like this,” Bobby says. He tries wiping Sam’s face off again, but Sam’s still slowly bleeding from all orifices. His lips cracked when he was shouting, and there’s fresh blood in his teeth.
Dean isn’t used to that. Usually he’s the one who needs to apologize for caring, because he never gets it right. It’s even rarer that people actually care about him, because once they know who he really is, they get smart and run.
Their server arrives with Dean’s food. Dean’s simultaneously starving and nauseous. He picks at his fries and burns his mouth on the first one.
It’s not like throwing the book earlier. This isn’t a thoughtless reaction, an impulse from the intense emotions he’s feeling. Dean has to think about this, to force himself through the unfamiliar motions.
It takes all afternoon, but Bobby eventually pulls out the oldest book Dean’s ever seen. Cas has to read it because it’s so ancient that Sam and Bobby would need a few days to translate it.
No injuries— but more blood in Sam’s right hand. Did something stab him in the palm? Is he poisoned?
he wants to start bawling and never stop. He’s the prey, it’s the hunter, and nothing he does will save him!
“Dean,” Bobby says quickly. And what? Does Bobby think Dean’s gonna go at Sam again? Is that who he thinks Dean is?
“Hey, you’re not making any sense,” Dean says. He reaches forwards to grab Cas’ clean hand. And holy shit Cas is practically
“Ladies,” Dean jokes through gritted teeth, and because he’s looking into their faces now he can’t see the flashing lights and he’s got his brain back to himself, “there really isn’t enough of me to go around.”
Dean wants to make food, to distract himself, but the thought of eating makes him sick. There are dishes in the sink. The counters are dirty. Who would want to cook in that? So Dean starts tossing things into the sink. Runs the hot water. Soap. Fix what’s in front of him. What he can control. He can feel panic welling up in his throat and he might just start screaming if he loses control. He needs to keep moving. Cas likes doing dishes, Dean likes washing dishes
“I can’t be tired,” Cas says, and he slumps back in the wheelchair, “but an angel without grace should be dead.”
Cas steps down to sit beside Dean on the stairs, “Most of the armor remains. It has been grafted into my form, and will require time and energy to remove in stages. But— the pieces that Naomi used, to access the core of me, the halo Sam saw— I’ve removed all traces of them. It will be nearly impossible for her, or anyone, to control me again. I think.”
The carpet around him is soaked, and for a second Dean’s stomach drops because he thinks it’s blood. He drops to his knees beside Sam, shakes him and—
, and then Dean’s struck by the sudden notion that he could pull Cas in instead of push him away, that he could kiss him, and suddenly he doesn’t know what he’s going to do next.
“I know, I know,” Dean agrees, because they’ve had this talk before, so many times, “but this… this is your body now. You’ve worn it in, made it your own thing. And I— I do like it. You don’t need to change because I’ve got a bunch of weird mental shit.”
“Because people will assume I’m your brother if I’m introduced as a Winchester,” Cas explains, “and I am
"But we don't know if that's all you," Dean reminds him, "so you don't— what I said— we can forget it. It's not important right now."
Funny to be remembering that now. Bobby carried Dean inside and got him set up on the couch with his foot up on a pillow. Dean was stuck, miserable, on the couch and Bobby didn’t even have a TV! It was torture. Until Bobby and Sam went into town, and came back with some candy and comic books for Dean. After that the couch felt like a throne, and Dean the adored king of his tiny kingdom. He ate candy until he made himself sick and read comics until he was cross-eyed and no one got mad at him for goofing off. It’s one of Dean’s favorite, random memories. Part of why he always felt safe in Bobby’s house.
get married. If you wanted to. I know it’s kinda nothing, compared to this,” and he squeezes Cas’ hand, “but we could do that. You could be a Winchester, if you want? Not that you aren’t— you’re family. But we can make us some matching ID’s or hit up a courthouse if you’re gonna be around humans for the rest of my life.”
Benny’s a vamp, and he’s already dead. They’re in purgatory, the place that god basically forgot about. Dean doesn’t hold anything back. He talks about how brave Sam is. How smart and selfless. How Sam was going to spend eternity locked in hell with Lucifer in order to save a world who would never know about his sacrifice.
The panic room is cooler than the main house, and that also feels comforting in it’s familiarity. It’s very metallic. Most of purgatory was dark, old forest. There are no hollows or big tree roots to squeeze into, but under the cot feels safe enough. His blade in hand helps him calm down. He breathes. Benny is in the wind. Cas is… Dean fucked up and left Cas behind. He’s gone. For real this time.
“I don't like this,” Bobby admits, “this feels like we’re in over our heads. Maybe we hand Cas over to heaven, and we plan to bust him out.”
Well, up until purgatory, Dean’s line had basically been anything to do with asses. Cause that was queer, and he
“We can find out,” Dean figures. Cas’s gaze goes from normal-intense to intensely-intense as he waits for Dean to do something.
Dean wonders if Cas is in the room with them, or sulking somewhere else within the wards, “Yeah. If he ever wants to talk to me again.”
Dean’s tried to change, to be better for Sam, but its still not enough. Sam’s treating him like he would treat Dad: like Dean’s a threat, like he’s a blunt weapon who can’t listen to reason.
While a flattering opinion, and a great way of saying ‘your appeal Dean, is that you’re too stupid and stubborn to back down’, it’s totally wrong. If Cas asks anything of him, Dean knows he’ll come running.
“Let’s hit the books,” Dean orders, and goes back to the living room. He tries to tell himself he’s not running away.
It’s only because Dean is worried about Benny. That’s all. It’s not because Cas looks like an old movie star in the light from Dean’s bedside lamp.
It looks like full on Mothra versus Godzilla went down. Huge swaths of trees are toppled, snapped and ripped out of the ground. Some are even smoking like they were on fire at some point. Big holes in the ground, from heavy things stomping and clawing. Two leviathans down. One with it’s jaws pulled so far apart that it’s throat is ripped open. Like Cas pried it’s mouth open to look down it to find Dean.
The orgasm blows right through him from head to toe. It’s not lightning, not like Dean knows it, but like a kettle on the stove it never seemed to be doing anything, until suddenly it’s screaming.
“So what do you want to do now?” Dean tries. It’s awkward, and weird to say. This is going to take practice.
Dean gets with some people. That he’s got with Benny. With chicks it meant he was hot for them. With dudes… well, purgatory makes things clearer.
only pop in to see him. And Dean… well, he’s not like some lovestruck teenager anymore; all bashful just because someone hot is super into him. But he’s in a good mood. So sue him!
Cas claws at his chest, his throat, and Dean has to dig his nails into Cas’ shoulder to hold onto him.
“I restored them already,” Cas says, “he was only dead for an instant. He should regain consciousness soon—”
Or, oh fuck, did Sam get more psychic visions of him and Benny? That’s how he found out about Dean and Cas. Is Sam making fun of him somehow?
“Get the kit,” Dean orders to Sam, while directing Bobby to get some booze. Booze to sterilize, and to calm his nerves. Probably give some to Cas— it might not help with the pain, but placebo is better than nothing.
Also I want to point out that at this point in time Sam has only told Cas he knows Dean n Cas are fooling around, and Sam also thinks that that's all that's happening. And meanwhile Dean is basically diving headfirst into promising his eternal soul to Cas for the rest of time.
“I’m trapped,” Cas announces, and his voice pitches up an octave, “I— I can’t get out of the vessel. I can’t get out!”
“So should we be planning to deal with heaven anytime soon?” Bobby asks, “they did try and murder you only a few days ago. Will they come back to finish the job? Or go after Sam?”
Benny returns right around the time Dean is starting to go crazy from being locked in. He pulls the log away from the opening and helps Dean to his feet.
“Dean,” Cas says softly, “if… if it is this difficult… physical intimacy isn’t something I need. Especially if it causes you this level of anxiety.”
, he reminds himself. So, what? He’s gone from being a man, to being… what? A joke? Is that really his big ‘gotcha’ to Dad?
As always I'm committed to making sure the supernatural forces remain supernatural and not-human, and also to give angels their due! They're terrifying forces for a reason!
AS YOU HAVE NOW READ there was SOOOOOOO much "backstory" to Dean and Cas' relationship, and how Dean and Cas circled and changed around each other over the years that I didn't feel like I could reasonably drop us into starting at the same time as
“Should I start moving my books out of the way?” Bobby wonders, “if Cas does go supernova, well, there’s a lot of good research around him.”
“Cas?” Dean shouts. He pushes himself out of Benny’s arms, staggers forwards onto the rocky shore, “Cas?”
“Yeah,” Sam says with a shrug, and he looks bashful like this is something to be embarrassed of, “yeah I can see, like, the real him.”
Sam looks like he wants to be struck by lightning, “I didn’t— shit, wait, we just got milk! Hold on!”
Dean has to swallow around the lump in his throat before he can say, “Okay. As long as you’re okay with it.”
“How much can you lift?” Bobby remarks, clearly just as surprised by the reminder of angel strength.
Dean’s never had a best friend before. Never had anyone in his life like Cas. Is that supposed to make Cas special? To give Cas a free pass?
Fuck. Dean isn’t his brother's master. He’s just here to take care of Sam. He wants to shut this conversation down, and— and yell. Dean needs something to fight, something he can handle with his own two hands. He wants to lock Sam in the panic room, cut him off from the rest of the world until they can all forget this ever happened. That’s what Dad would do.
I've been thinking about doing something a little weird, due to the massive size of this project, that when
from you, would they?" he asks, and it’s a dumb question even as he says it. Heaven is fucked up, of
“Good to have you,” Bobby agrees, and waves Sam in, “now get over here, we need someone with brains on this.”
“I want it,” Dean mumbles, “I— I want to kiss you again. And I wanna try it out. You and me. If you— if you want to. Get whatever this is out of our system. See what happens.”
A part of Dean wants to. He wants to see how many he could get. By the end of his year in purgatory he was able to handle a few mooks at a time on his own, and he never let
“Stop it!” Dean snaps, “that’s— I’m not some replacement God to give you approval. Don’t do that to me.”
Cas fixes him with that stare that cuts right to the core of Dean. That leaves him rooted in the spot, like a deer in headlights. The look where Cas isn’t looking at Dean, but
Lies? Capable? Is Cas… is it possible that Cas is going behind his back again? Dean spares a glance to look at Cas. Cas looks… lost. Fuck, he looks miserable and tired and
The road is blurry. Dean needs to sleep. Just a few hours, that’s all he wants. But he can’t get anything because he can only sleep if Sam sleeps, and Sam
“Now c’mere,” Dean says, and nods towards the car’s open hood, “it’s about high time you learn how to take care of Baby.”
“If I have free will, this is the first step in asserting it. The... um, Sam called it armor,” Cas says, “the armor diverts my form into something acceptable, and controllable. It may be why I’m compelled to follow orders. But I worry that removing it will… change me.”
Dad raised him and Sam not to die unless something killed them first. So no matter how bad shit got, right up until Sam’s total breakdown, Dean had never legitimately considered killing himself. Sell his soul for Sam? Of course. Die for his friends, family, in the line of duty? That’s how he wants it to be.
Oh that’s… okay. That’s a lot to unpack. And, once more, Dean wishes Cas wouldn’t spout this kind of shit right in front of Bobby. He keeps expecting Bobby to comment on it, to make fun of him, but the hit isn’t coming.
Dean needs to get out before Bobby gets too sour about him being queer. They’ve all been in survival mode, dealing with important shit first. If he and Cas hang around to recoup, then it leaves time for Bobby to focus on Dean. Which could lead to fighting.
Benny saunters back, all cat-that-got-the-canary and still licking blood out of his secondary teeth. He’s so fucking hot that Dean forgets how to think sometimes. He wonders how many fights he might have picked with Benny— vampire shit aside— if they’d met in the real world. Just to have his attention, to maybe feel Benny push him up against a wall.
Cas and Bobby burst through the back door. They don’t look surprised to see Death, so Cas must have sensed him. They were expanding the wards and looking at places to set up bee boxes while Dean kept an eye on Sam. Cas does not look as intimidating as he thinks he is while he’s still wearing the housecoat and shorts Dean found for him on day one of their recovery vacation.
. Chaos and fear overtook the masses when the angels realized that there was only one archangel left, and God had abandoned them. Raphael wanted to take command in heaven to restore order, to go back to how things were, but Raphael was part of the coup that wanted the apocalypse to happen and lied about God’s orders to do so. Going back to Raphael’s rule would be a return to status quo, and the corruption in heaven would have remained. There was some resistance, but no angel was willing to openly confront an archangel. Except Cas.
(I also think we need to make the term queer “funny” again so it has the same fun quip as “move, I’m gay!”, but that’s a whole other thing, haha.)
Cas curls forwards, head in his hands. Dean crosses the room, takes a breath to compose himself, and then touches Cas’ shoulder. His soul surges through him, and drops his stomach at the thought of what’s going on with Cas right now. Cas should be able to pull out of his vessel— it’s like a sock puppet. That’s what angels use humans for. And now he can’t? What does that make him? What did Sam do to them?
“If that was the case, then Dean, then your brother Adam or even your parents could have been Lucifer’s vessel,” Death explains, “but they’re not. You are.”
“I can’t— you can’t say no to me,” Dean says, “or— or whatever we’re working with. It’s not right for me—”
between them, that Dean feels for Cas, their friendship— it doesn’t change. Not even when Dean knows Cas is into him.
Black blood begins to drip down through the tree roots above Dean’s head. Some of it lands on Dean’s face and he flinches away from it. It’s not hot— it’s caustic, mildly. Doesn’t
Cas scowls, but the intensity is gone now that his eyes are bright with tears, “You don’t understand. I don’t
“In purgatory,” Cas starts, because that’s the obvious thing to bring up. How gung ho Dean was about fucking dudes.
I don’t hunger, but you make me feel all of that and more. And leviathans? Desire is all they are! If you do this to me, then I have no idea what they’ll do if they catch you!”
How to even explain himself to Cas? Why it’s such an issue for Dean to be queer. Why the thought of someone knowing he’s queer, that Sam and Bobby right now might know, is making him want to hit the road and never come back. Dean isn’t sure he truly understands himself.
Dean eyes the sheer drop on his left, out past the highway guardrail. They’re climbing through some mountains, nothing too big like in the rockies. But…
“You’re my best friend,” Dean reminds him, “I went through enough without you. I don’t want to do that again. So come home with me.”
In purgatory Cas was drowning in his head, and Dean was too much of a selfish bastard to notice. He’s not going to make this about him. Cas needs him, and Dean wants to be the friend who can be there for Cas. The kind of friend Cas deserves.
Cas is absolutely lethal, and whatever power ups he’s gotten since telling heaven to kiss his ass have to mean something, but it’s still three on one. Dean’s heart leaps into his throat when Cas gets flanked, dodges a hit, turns, and doesn’t have time to parry a hit that drives an angel blade through his hip.
. He looks like he did when he wanted to be left alone in purgatory to get hunted and eaten for eternity.
Dean cuts him off, “what I’m trying to say, is: we’ve all fucked up, okay? Done a lot of shit we aren’t proud of. But we’re still here. And Sam and me? We get up and we decide to keep saving people. That’s what we want to do. I don’t— I don’t know what you want, Cas. But we can find what it takes for you to get up in the morning and keep going.”
Dean debates calling Cas every night they’re at the bunker. He said he would, so they could… they could sort things, or well, try things out.
Dean’s going to be sick. Sam kept coming to him for help, and all Dean ever did was hug him. He should have been doing more to help him!
“You said it yourself: having my soul might be giving you weird limitations. And you’re all outta grace. Maybe this is just temporary,” Dean tries.
“And loving me is what got him killed,” Andrea explains. She looks out the window again. Out at the impala, where they have Benny’s body stashed so they can bring him back.
“Even though I’m a huge fuck up?” Dean checks, “Cas I’m— I’m not easy to deal with. I’m super fucked up. I can barely admit how much I— I love you.”
“Your soul is singing,” Cas says, softer, and Dean stares at him because what do you say to that? “Is— is that for me?”
“Just tried to make it that she didn’t have to eat people. That she could choose,” Sam says. He finds the water bottle Dean set up for him, manages to drink a bit by holding it with both hands. He looks like a kid, holding it like that. Dean reflexively feels like he needs to put his foot down, to save Sam from himself. Anger doesn’t work with Sam. He’s too stubborn to back down once he’s decided on something. Dean needs to play nice. Needs to try and see it from Sam’s side.
Dean snorts, shoving Sam over so he can fit onto the bed with him. Sam wiggles down so he can rest his head on Dean’s hip. Dean wonders if they’re getting too comfortable with one another, but also decides that he doesn’t care.
That last bit feels like it’s from Purgatory’s influence. But it’s close enough to the truth that Dean doesn’t bother fighting it.
“Why not?” she asks. Her confusion stems from the fact that they clearly have Dean right where they want him.
He doesn’t get that, because Cas curls his fingers and like a fucking sniper, finds the spot that makes Dean’s toes curl and sends a jolt through his stomach that goes right to his dick.
normal. And he let this happen. He said Sam should train, he talked Cas into teaching Sam, this all happened on his watch. Dean keeps waiting for Bobby to talk to him, to ask Dean what the hell he’s doing letting Sam get so out of control. Bobby never does.
“When you kissed me. The first time,” Cas says. Dean grimaces. That was— fuck that wasn’t a kiss. He thought pretending to be queer would piss Cas off enough to kill him. That Cas took that as some sort of… offering? Of blood?
Egotistical. Dean never figured Cas to be the kind of guy who needs to hear this kind of empty praise.
The alternative… if Cas doesn’t know… well, Dean can’t entertain that right now. He doesn’t have the luxury of time. Find Cas. He can start looking once he’s done running for his life.
Cas says there’s no demonic presence in Sam. That he’s clean. But they can’t trust that this won’t go bad. Winchester’s don’t get lucky breaks. Sam wants to learn, to practice, to get
“It is less of a possession as you understand it, not at all like a demon. What this body, this human form is… the human body can only contain so much celestial grace, and certainly not an entire angel.”
“Yes,” Death smiles, “precisely. For the apocalypse, for Lucifer himself, he needed a special host. One made explicitly to suit him. The rest of the Winchesters? Interchangeable for Michael. But you, Sam, were made to be an exact match to the devil.”
and Dean can see his breath. Sam slams on the brakes. Dean throws his arms out to brace against the dashboard. The horn goes off and the hazards turn on. Dean attempts to turn any of it off, and only makes things worse when the radio starts making some awful high-pitched scream that makes him cover his ears.
Fuck, Dean did. He was going to take Sam and him out, back while Sam was falling apart. But that… that was different. Was it? That was to end Sam’s misery. Dad wanted to kill Sam because he thought his own kid, his own flesh and blood, was evil.
“I’ll figure it out,” Dean says, “maybe I’ll, I don’t know, fuck it. Maybe I’ll meditate with him or something stupid. Get a ‘I heart my psychic brother’ shirt.”
Dean’s a nervous eater, and having a vampire who hates him ride shotgun while they wait to find out if their people are going to come back alive is more than enough to make him nervous. So they go to a diner to kill a few hours. They’re in the closest town to where Dean jumped earthside, so it’ll be a short drive once Sam calls that he and Benny are earthside again.
He flags down a truck, and while he approaches the cab to open the passenger door he wonders if he should kill the driver. It would be faster for him to get to his destination if he doesn't have to keep charming his way along.
Dean shakes his head, “I don’t fuck men.” It sounds hollow, even to him. Dean isn’t sure why he’s supposed to resist this.
Sam goes pale, shaking his head before he starts talking, “I don’t think I’m anywhere strong enough to do that.”
Like Sam's connection to Amelia, Dean's connection with Benny is something I'm intending to explore further in later stories <3
Dean rocks back on his heels. He thought they were going to have a good morning. Maybe it’s a one-off, and they can get back on track.
“I’ve got your back,” Sam promises, apparently having a rare good day, “I know I’m— I’m not doing well lately. But, I’ve always got your back.”
Undisturbed dirt, four rings in the grass. That was Sam. That is— that’s all— Mom’s gone, Dad’s gone, and Dean was supposed to look after his little brother and now he’s— he’s not gone, Dean knows where he is, knows where he’ll be
“You’re a vampire, I’m a hunter. We no longer have anything in common,” Dean reminds him, “we’re never gonna see each other again, so forget me, okay?”
Sam holds up his hands helplessly, and Dean doesn’t blame him. Because those bastards are the strongest things imaginable.
Dean hesitates. Is that… that’s what Sam thinks of him? That he’s a killer? That he can’t even control himself?
behind the words. Cas has to come home with him because he’s Dean’s best friend. Because Dean went through a year without him, and it almost killed him. Dean can’t survive that again.
“I can’t restore the wall,” Cas says, “but I can take away the fear, the onslaught of his memories. It will make it easier for his brain to process what he’s been through. The memories will remain but they won’t be… as debilitating.”
It’s a blatant stalling tactic. It’s so obvious that Dean should call him out on it, but it gives Dean time to collect himself. He scrubs his hands down his face, breathes heavy. In, out. In, out. He could lie. He could always lie. Why is this so important? Why does he want to ruin things with Bobby? The rubber band in his chest gets tighter. Feels like it’s wrapped around his lungs. He can’t breathe.
“It’s not ‘hurting’ you. You’re running a current through a wire not made for such a surge,” Death explains.
Dean looks over at him, at this celestial creature laying on his dirty bedroom floor, while Dean hides under the bed, and
Dean lets Sam climb into his bed like when they were kids. Sam clings to him so tight that Dean thinks he’ll have bruises in the morning, and sometimes they manage to sleep through the night. Some nights Sam wakes up screaming. Some nights he doesn’t make a sound, and Dean wakes to find him crying in his sleep in silent terror. And on other nights, he sleeps. He sleeps through the night, no interruptions.
Cas turns another page. His fingers trace Dad’s writing, the symbols drawn in the margins in shitty ballpoint pen that had to be pushed so hard it left indents and grooves that almost wore through the paper. Dean’s traced it so many times with his own fingertips, sometimes thinking about how young Dad was when he drew these. How Dean is that age now. How this is one of the few legacies Dean has from his father.
“Not to mention how careful I would have to be to not burn him to a husk with my mere presence,” Cas continues, listing off points on his fingers, “I would have to shield myself constantly, and maintain distance and awareness of him at all times, and someone as inexperienced as him may not know how to control himself, and it would require my constant vigilance to keep him safe from himself
“What the hell was that?” Dean whines, and he rolls back to the middle. It’s too early to feel this shitty. He reaches out, feels Cas reaching back, and they lock fingers. Whatever mojo is acting on them kicks in, and the bone-deep ache goes away. Now Dean’s back to feeling mellow and sleepy-soft, with an undercurrent of ‘I could keep sleeping for a thousand years’.
Dean adjusts his stance as Cas holds the arm out from the body. He’s feeling spry enough, he thinks he can get through the bone in two good hits this time.
“Of course I don’t like it,” Cas says, “but it might be for the best. The things God has done, has allowed… the world, and everyone in it, deserves better. I think Sam is right to champion that.”
He feels the ground shake once. Again. Again. The leaves in the tree above, and the bushes around them all quiver in tune to the footsteps. Dean’s watched this scene in Jurassic Park more times than he can count. Something big, something heavy, something smart enough to look for him, to know he’s here, is walking towards them. It’s not a slow
Dean jumps on him again, full weight to push him into the floor. Twists Sam’s arms back. Gotta pin him— can they hog tie him? Bobby kicks the knife across the room. Sam screams in frustration. Bobby helps Dean tie Sam’s hands with his belt.
Dean nearly leaps out of his skin, “Jesus, man, you need to warn— how about a heads up text next time?”
WHEW. This was heavy. But I gotta admit I do love some Sam whump. (I'm so sorry Sam) but also for Dean to be forced into a scenario where he had to choose to approach problems different (not ignoring them, and in fact, doing "useless" things like co-sleeping that don't solve problems but make Sam feel safe) AND lose his entire support network so he realizes how badly he does not want to be alone. He's not QUITE at these moments of realization, but he's getting close. Love these boys. I feel like chuck, just torturing them to make them more interesting lmao.
First step is to stop being so nervous. Best way to do that is to get horny. Cas makes that really easy for him.
“What?” Sam asks. Fuck, he’s crying. Dean glares at Death. It’s so cold Dean’s teeth are clicking as he shivers. The empty cans on the counter rattle as a breeze, of all things, picks up in the kitchen.
about being queer if Dad was still around. He wouldn’t have Cas, that’s for sure. If Dad was around, well, Dean wouldn’t have gone to hell. Sam might be dead. There would have been no need for Cas. It would have been a completely different life.
Dean doesn't have words to help. He knows what his Dad would say, what Dean thinks he should say, and Dean knows that it's not what Cas needs. Dean doesn't even know what Cas needs, what he should hear to help him. And Dean he… god his heart is breaking for Cas, but Dean's broken in so many ways and there's nothing he can do that will solve this.
Dean does drag Sam upstairs after three days and gets him into the shower. Blind, deaf and everything else or not, Sam was funking up the room. It’s funny. Dean hasn’t washed Sam’s hair since they were babies. Sam’s still so worn out that he has to sit down for most of it, but between the two of them they save Sam from his bed rest BO.
,” Sam interrupts, “if we found someone I don’t know if they would have any idea of what to do. Plus, we looked everywhere for proper psychics to train me, and didn’t find anyone.”
“Why do you play so many games?” Dean asks, and he can’t stop himself before he adds, “can’t sleep?”
"Because he's a vampire?" Cas asks, "Sam is quite forgiving of non-human creatures. I think he would understand."
Dean was on the receiving end of Cas’ fists once, years ago. Turns out Cas had been holding back. He’s not holding back now.
This is also a prime opportunity, because Sam is so focused on playing psychic catch, he’s completely let his guard down. So he’s not at all prepared for Dean to shove a wet finger in his ear.
“Are you sure you’re okay?” Dean checks, “you’re—you’re really chatty with yourself. Or, uh, it’s—it’s him, the devil, right? That’s who you see?”
Sam whistles, and a knife-cold chill cuts down Dean’s spine at the sound, his hair stands on end like he got zapped, and just as he’s registering the feeling two things happen at once: Cas digs his fingers into Dean’s shirt to grab and
Dean waves a dismissive hand, “I meant, you know, everything not related to heaven. Besides, I’m just one guy. It’s fine that you forgot about me for a bit.”
“We gotta check on Sam,” Dean groans. He feels Cas growl— less of a sound, and more of a full-body rumble, like a minor earthquake— in frustration.
“I feel like we both got the short end of the stick,” Dean jokes. He wishes the room had a lock, so he could feel safe. That no one could come barging in to find him and Cas together. But Bobby
“Hey, hey,” Dean gestures at himself, dick out and come on his t-shirt, “I want you too. Like, crazy bad. I don’t see why that’s a bad thing?”
“Cas!” Dean shouts. White grace light spills out of the wound, but it’s not lethal, not yet. Cas flips his blade in his hand, stabs back, and catches the other angel right between the ribs.
And now here’s Bobby helping get Cas into Dean’s room. Dean should take Sam’s room, to put distance between him and Cas. He doesn’t. Bobby asks if they want anything— water? Puke buckets? Says to call if anything comes up. He’ll take care of Sam. Dean thanks him and closes the bedroom door behind him.
them and will devour every last one of them. A full feast, they’d call it. They’d turn them all into faceless husks, hungry mouths, lining the inside of their bodies.
Dean never even considered that— and suddenly he’s replaying all of Cas’ hottest moments and all the embarrassing positions he’s been in. Or wait— shit— could it have even been of him and Benny?
Dean’s pretty sure that’s a symptom of scurvy. Or a host of other things that happen when you spend all your time on the run through the woods, fucking, and only eating the people you kill. He knows he’s lost weight, like, a notable amount of weight. He hasn’t been this thin since he was a scrawny teenager.
Cas stole and hid the tablet. Like it or not, he just became a key player in the civil war again. And a target.
A bone-deep roar echoes through the woods. Dean can’t tell which direction it’s coming from. It’s a leviathan. Dean counts the corpses again. Only two— but there were three that caught him. Where’s the last one? Like it did before, the roar triggers something so primal in Dean that his legs kick, he wants to get up and
Dean reads up on depression. On suicidal thoughts. Bobby gives him some of the stuff he’d read, links to sites he’d researched following all the trouble with Sam. Most of it says to go to a professional, but Dean doesn’t think that’s ever going to be a possibility for him, Sam or Cas.
“I’m not mad!” Dean snaps. Fuck, fuck. Has he always been this obvious? Did purgatory just stamp a ‘huge fucking queer’ neon sign on him?
Her tone changes, something a little more friendly, “You boys are all over the news these days. You roped the old man into it too?”
“Hold on,” Dean begs, “just a little longer. Sam—Sam says he has an idea. We’re gonna save you. Just hold on a little longer. Right, Sam?”
fucking easy to get a dude off. Chicks can be hit or miss on what they like, how they like it, and where. With Benny? Dean doesn’t even have to do anything sometimes— just keep his knees together and let Benny fuck between his thighs, and they can both get off from that.
They need Cas’ help, though. Cas knows the leviathans intimately, can tell who’s the head of the operation even when there’s several Dick Roman’s strutting around.
He wasn’t expecting like, cotton candy or anything. But come tastes awful. Dean grimaces, and Benny laughs at him.
There’s a stack of books building by Dean’s bed. Cas likes to read while he takes watch. He’s even started doing brain teasers and other nerdy things Sam likes.
“He expresses it more freely, yes,” Cas muses, “but you love stronger than any human I’ve met thus far. I think it’s contact with your love that formed the first crack in my bonds.”
“Do you regret this?” Cas asks. And he asks it so casually, so easily, as if Dean can say ‘yes’ and Cas won’t hold it against him.
, that he wants. Forever. And Dean’s such a coward he hasn’t been able to say it, but there’s no time like the present.
“Death kept him from dying. Said he’d need time to recover,” Bobby reminds him, and he pushes past Dean to help Sam get his arms free. As soon as he touches him, Sam startles and dives away. He doesn’t get very far, so it’s easy for Bobby to wrangle him before Sam hurts himself. Dean wants to help, but he can’t do anything without letting go of Cas’ hand and he’s not ready for the ache of having his soul pulled out of him.
Dean wakes up hungry, later. And that’s a nightmare of it’s own. He desperately tries not to think about it, about the makeshift sack he and Benny put together for this. Not to think about what, or who, he’s eating.
“Yeah!” Dean snaps, “of course that’s ‘all’ this is! I’m telling you I’m a big flaming queer— there! You happy?”
He didn’t. Dean knows it, even if he can’t prove it. But it’s like before, when Cas was working with Crowley. Dean was the one who refused to believe it, who trusted Cas, and he was wrong then. Is he wrong again now? He’s got nothing to prove it, except that he believes Cas wouldn’t turn on him like this, not after all of his fears about returning to heaven. Dean lets Sam and Bobby speculate, and doesn’t fight them. There’s nothing he can say.
And reality crashes in on Dean. Bobby and Sam are right here, in the room with him, and Dean’s letting himself slip.
The grace hangover, yeah. Dean’s gotten it a few times over the years. The more healing you need, the more it makes your brain fuzzy and your head spin. He knows this one will be a doozy.
Dean’s stomach lurches. He wants that too, but Cas is saying that right in front of Bobby. Bobby knows Dean’s queer now. Dean tries to think of all the excuses he can, and then he thinks about trying to sleep all alone, knowing that he could have Cas beside him, and he can’t come up with any protest.
“I love you,” Dean says, and it feels even stronger than the last time he said it. He’s falling deeper and deeper and he doesn’t think he’ll ever surface from this love.
It takes them a few days to find a case. They hang out in the bunker. Dean cleans out their fridge from all the old food they forgot about. Sam buys booze, including:
He almost asks Cas to get more clothes off, because Dean’s down to just his shirt and socks, while Cas is still basically dressed. But then decides that the difference is kinda hot.
Benny laughs, “Fresh blood tends to give me a rosy glow. Besides,” and a hand comes up to grab Dean by the chin, squeeze enough that Dean’s lips purse, “there’s plenty of ways you could warm me up.”
He keeps discovering new images of Cas he wants to keep. Cas sleeping, Cas wrapped up in the housecoat, Cas smiling at books, Cas deep in thought, and more. Every time Dean thinks he’s gotten enough, that he’s seen it all, he looks at Cas again and wants to drink him in. Dean’s getting too used to this vessel, to looking at it and thinking ‘that’s Cas’ and noting all the ways Cas is making it his own body.
Dean’s not an idiot. He knows smell is a thing for vamps, and that Benny has been enjoying having Dean’s scent on his clothes in the day.
The wet, ugly sound of blade meeting flesh. The grip on Dean’s hair goes slack and he lunges forwards. Grabs his sword. Leaps to his feet. Stumbles— vision goes white, head too light— catches himself against a tree. His head throbs, his whole body aches. His feet are screaming at him.
“I didn’t hit him,” Dean snaps, and when Bobby turns his eyes to the books, Dean thinks of how fast he’d moved to throw the first book across the room, how easily it could have been to throw it
Dean glances around, takes in their surroundings properly. There’s his machete. Looks like someone pulled a tree stump in to help conceal the opening of this little cave, which means they’re planning on being here for a while.
All this work he, Benny and Cas have done. All of this fighting. The running, the killing, the shit they’ve gone through to get here, and Dean fucked them all over. He’s a useless, stupid human who shouldn’t have been left alone.
“And yet you let him go to hell, alone,” Andrea says, and she pauses a moment, “wait. Are you… there were rumors of American hunters fighting the devil. And the end of the world. One of the brothers defeated Lucifer?”
Another foot, this one almost the size of the impala, lands just in front of them. The skin is black, with a slick sheen like the whole creature is wet. The shape of it makes Dean think: crab leg, but with hand-like claws at the end. Dean hears creaking above them, sees the roots of the tree around them start to bend. This thing is big enough that it’s toppling trees like it ain’t no thing. Dean feels his body flush hot with adrenaline.
And he's already committed to hanging it in Dean's closet. Thankfully he flies: one second he's in front of Dean, the next he's at the closet and pulling out an empty hanger because Dean owns like three shirts and none of them are clean enough to hang up.
Huge, sharp claws curl over the edge of their alcove. Benny drags Dean back as far deep as they can get, backs pressed into the dirt, and it’s not enough, there isn’t anything to hide in. One good look from the right angle and the two of them will be exposed and each of those claws is bigger than Dean’s forearm so what the
“Then don’t!” Dean says, “if you don’t want to, you won’t. You’re— you’re the most stubborn person I know—”
“Yeah. Count the steps— it’s like, one-two-three-four or something,” Dean laughs, “this is— this is what people do with people they care about.”
Dean takes a deep breath before he spares a glance upwards and says to the sky, “yeah. Thanks Dad,” which gets a laugh out of Sam. It prompts Dean to ask, “What do you think he’d do if he was here?”
“White claws?” Dean reads, and looks up at his brother in disgust, “are you serious? Where’s my beer?”
Cas responds to things weird. Where most guys, at least Dean would, get a little cocky, a little flustered, after receiving praise like that. Cas gets all contemplative. Which is fine, but not when he’s kneeling between Dean’s knees and Dean’s the only one with his dick out.
Sam is busy with research for a case, and then he’s going for a run. Dean has locked his door. He’s safe, no one is going to know.
“You’re trying to protect me by leading them away? That’s why you went at the nest?” Dean pieces together. He and Benny had heard rumors that Cas was antagonizing the leviathan’s home base.
Dean holds out his hands in a ‘it sure isn’t impossible because I just had five fucking orgasms in one night’ kind of way.
Bobby sends Dean out of the kitchen, to stand in the hall and wait like he’s the one who was bad and needs to be put in a time out. Dean listens to Bobby talking to Sam, getting him his toast. Sam’s quiet voice— meeker than Dean’s ever heard him. It makes Dean
“This joke isn’t funny,” Dean insists. What are his lines? There are things he has to say— because if he outright lies, then Sam will take that as confirmation. He has to play it like Sam’s crazy, “I should kick your ass—”
“For an angel you’re kinda useless,” Benny comments after another killing. They hadn’t even wanted to fight, had only seen this crew at a distance, but this group also saw them. And by logic: leave no witnesses. They had to hunt them down. Dean can’t say he’s a fan of hunting things down that haven’t hurt him yet, but then again, these are monsters who spent their lives hunting humans back on earth. Turnabout is fair play.
him like he loves Sam, like he loves Bobby, like he loves what he remembers about Mom, like he loves Dad… is that Dean has to face the fact that he currently does
It comes flooding back. He was on his knees, bones broken, pain so jagged that he felt like he was on fire. He knew, with absolute certainty, that he was going to die.
“Well we’re stuck inside for a while longer. Shall we look up what it takes to make a— bee home? House?” Bobby figures.
Sam doesn’t even look up until the person at the other pump sees Dean and goes, “Hey, are you okay?”
“I’m more than okay,” Dean says. And that’s all the warning Benny gets before Dean jumps up onto him. Dean hasn’t had the energy to do this in a
This isn’t a good day, but it’s not a bad day yet. Sam shivers, despite all the extra layers Dean’s got him dressed up in. It’s too early to sleep, but there’s not much else to do.
feeling the aftermath of sex in scratches or sore muscles, or like when Benny left bruises on him. He wants Cas to finally mark him— no, not finally. Fuck, Cas has marked him for life from the moment they met. He wants to give himself to Cas, to feel Cas on him,
Cas doesn’t look away from Death as he steps forwards. Dean notices that Cas sidesteps to put himself between Death and Bobby.
