The safety equipment Tony was wearing was quickly stripped off and before Steve could blink, Tony was rushing over like nothing had happened.
Sadly, this was also the part of the film where there were missing scenes, but he could figure out the gasp well enough with what was there. At least most of the film had been rediscovered, instead of lost to the ages forever. A lot more silent films were coming out of the woodworks, people deciding that their preservation was worth the expense and time.
“You were fine,” Steve said. “Honest. You watched some movies, ate some soup, and slept. And apparently questioned my technology choices.”
“No, more hands-on activities and classroom discussions. Mrs. Elison likes to do a lot of experiments.”
“Oh, yes. Tony made it. He’s been working on resin projects when he can’t work in the labs at SI. Apparently there is a whole at-home resin jewelry making community.”
Captain America exchanged a nod with the sniper and moved to give them better cover with his shield. As the gunfire continued, the sniper moved to where Tony was and started to punch a hole in the wall. With his fist. The wall started to cave in after about three hits. Wow. Captain America reached behind him and pulled a gun off of the sniper’s utility belt, picking off some more HYDRA agents who were getting closer. Finally, the gunfire started to ebb.
Whatever had gone off either had to have been huge or it had to have been connected to a number of other smaller bombs. How had they even survived? How did he get so far away from them? How the hell was he going to make it back to them safely?
Sure, some people got their happy endings, but in general, this whole ‘hack up flowers because someone thinks so poorly of themselves you have to suffer with them’ was messed up.
“Does she think we’re idiots?” a tall black man asked from behind Steve. “I don’t know about you, but I was managing school and a job since before I was an adult.”
Someone … someone said … there was chanting and drums. His ears pounded and his whole body throbbed with pain. He struggled and fought against the ropes that were holding him down, but it was no use. The chanting continued. He didn’t recognize the language. He didn’t know who was doing this to him or why or even
The guard looked over the code for a few moments, but Tony knew when someone was trying to make it seem like they knew code and other tech. It wasn’t working.
Tony didn’t reply, but Steve heard him shuffle to the living room. He got a pitcher and filled it with water, setting it and a glass on the end table nearest where Tony had curled up. He then dragged a blanket from the back of the couch and tucked him in. It was good to focus on such simple tasks. They kept him grounded.
Tony considered it for a moment. Steve’s cappuccino was a gift from the gods. Coffee fanatics and experts would weep once they tasted his cappuccino and beg for his secrets, or maybe to personally make them coffee forever. Unlike a lot of other cappuccinos Tony had over the years, Steve’s was just … wonderful. It was robust without being too bitter. The milk was rich, but didn’t disguise the lovely caramel aftertaste. He could drink the stuff forever.
Tony looked up from his tablet. Steve had fallen asleep on his shoulder during a movie. His coughing had abated for a while, thankfully, but Tony was still worried and only left his side to take care of his own flower related problems. Steve would never admit it, but coughing up flowers and leaves took a lot more out of him than it would the average person.
“Yes,” Mr. Rogers agreed. “However, Peter has been displaying many symptoms that fall under ADHD. If this were about adjusting to middle school and a new environment, these issues would be less consistent and would be improving over time. I have also heard him complain that he has been losing possessions frequently, he forgets about extracurricular activities and other plans, and some of his relationships with his classmates have been deteriorating.”
“So, you have a bit of a crush,” Tony continued. “No problem. You just need to remain professional. Dating your student’s teacher is a breach of ethics.”
, like from one of his old dime novels—he would be invited to live in a tower that was just as futuristic as those dime novel plots and live with the most amazing assortment of people he had ever come across. No one could replace his friends from his own time, but Natasha, Sam, Bruce … He felt lucky to know every last one of them, even if there were times they clashed, fought, and acted like children.
Agent Coulson wrote something down, shuffled his papers, and stood. “Well, it seems to me that this was a standard mission, minus the deviation in the extraction plan. Thank you for your time, Mr. Stark, we will be in contact with you again.”
“Yes, Steve,” Tony said gently, reaching forward and taking Steve’s book from his hands so he could hold them in his properly. “I’ve been trying to hint at this for weeks, but either I was being too subtle or you were being too blind.”
“Good. How did that talk with the other student go? Peter won’t say anything about being bullied—I’ve tried—but it’s like it’s a cross to bear.”
Sure, it could have been a date night with just him and Steve, but he liked the idea of a get-together with his friends too. There were snacks, drinks, and plenty of pillows and blankets. He completely expected there to be jokes, snarky comments, and popcorn throwing. Sam and Natasha were invited as well. Bucky was expected to be there because he needed to see the movies as well, and what was better than seeing
So, Steve read the texts, tried to make heads or tails of it, gave Tony some suggestions, and laughed when he got a bunch of excited, happy emoji in reply.
Steve moved over a little to allow Tony to sit on the couch where he and Bucky were, smiling. Tony smiled back and kissed his cheek.
Buk and Shem’el were a short distance away, close to the dirt road that led to the fishing areas. There were some other figures, arguing with them. A group of travelers it seemed, maybe about ten or so people. They appeared to be of different ages and appearances. Was there a conflict in one of those larger, organized settlements further to the north? He could have sworn the king and queen of the northern kingdoms had figured out their cattle herd issue months ago.
“Ah,” he replied, picking up the flower. “I owe you an apology. This is a native to my homeland. The name does not translate well, so calling it the heart-shaped herb is easier.”
There were helicopter parents that crippled their children from kindergarten; parents that required documentation for every little thing lest they use it as ammo; parents that would never believe that their students were anything but perfect angels who would never cyberbully another student; parents that refused to cooperate with any grading policy. There were parents that never came to after school activities or answered their emails. There were parents who were encouraging enough, but seemed to speed away the moment their kid was in front of the school.
Tony’s phone alarm went off, giving them ten minutes before they were due for the meeting. He looked over to Peter, who was looking kind of pale now.
Steve groaned, resting his forehead on Tony’s shoulder again. “I’m an idiot. I had no clue. I’ve been head over heels for you for months. I thought I was so bad at dating—I thought courting couldn’t be any worse—and if I was going to court, it was all or nothing.”
It was starting to make him cross out date ideas, for when he asked Steve out. God, he hoped Steve said yes. He hoped nothing ruined this evening and a second chance.
“Good morning,” Natasha said, coming through the back door and scaring the living daylights out of him.
“But not your gods,” d’Arcy said, her command of the language quite surprising. She only grinned. Antonius suspected that some god clearly favored her.
“So, when are you gonna propose?” Bucky asked. “Before or after he and Pissarro tackle one another again?”
“Steve,” he murmured, feeling embarrassed. After what happened some months ago, he was surprised to hear such words from him. “I remember asking you to call me that.”
“Come in,” Steve said, making sure to close the door behind them. “Are you cramping up? Go sit on the couch, I’ll help get you settled.”
He did his best to be what someone needed, tried to be what someone wanted…but he could never stop being himself and that seemed to be the problem.
Antonius’ lungs ached and his chest heaved by the time sunlight in the tunnel began to increase. He could hear wind coming down and it soon became hard enough that it blew his hair about.
Steve used those two seconds to buy their tickets and did not even give Tony a chance to make a token protest.
Sure, it took some time to adjust to being shorter than everyone else and having to walk with four legs, plus he could not control his tail one hundred percent of the time, but it wasn’t the worst thing in the world. He still felt like himself, so perhaps any change in perception was because of the changes of his physical form.
Pepper made a mental note to do a background check on this ‘Mr. Rogers’. It seemed that this was an idea that Peter would not let go.
He was artistic, able to put any combination of color onto any kind of canvas in an absolutely beautiful manner. Even his napkin doodles were works of art. He knew history and liked science fiction, had a hilarious sense of humor, and could be a bitter, snarky, sarcastic little shit. Tony didn’t care if he didn’t fit in with the typical omega stereotypes, all soft and domestic, tall and lithe if they were male, or curvy and voluptuous if they were female.
While there were all sorts of rigid and confining gender roles, Alpha Night was one of the few instances where those shackles were thrown off and people took advantage of it while they could. Not that having to wait until a certain night of the year for half the population to be able to ask the other half out on a date would continue to be a problem (among many other things) if he had anything to say about it. But he had to get through Steve’s thick skull first. His plan would not work unless he had an amazing team behind him and Steve by his side.
Steve hummed to himself as he did the dishes, happy to focus on something productive than something he couldn’t change. While he often had the bad habit of forgetting to do the dishes, he never minded the chore once he got the ball rolling. There was something nice about cleaning everything and refilling the cabinets, knowing that the kitchen would be reset for the next day. He also enjoyed waking up to a fresh, clean kitchen early in the morning without having to worry about a full sink or a sticky counter.
Tony nodded, satisfied. Then he remembered that Peter would be graduating from sixth grade in a few months. He knew that was at least one hundred days away, but he also knew that time would fly by in the blink of an eye.
“Pull up a seat,” Steve said, putting an unopened box of something savory and spicy in the space allowed for him. It looked like they ordered Thai for dinner.
Tony was the reason why Steve checked out the book on courting in the first place. They had met in the library some months ago when a girl from an art class Steve was hosting commandeered some robotic parts from Tony’s class. It had caused quite a scuffle between their two groups of kids, until one of them helped the little girl connect the various parts together so the whole painting came to life with lights and moving paper gears.
But if there was something everyone knew, no matter the language, it was a work song that allowed chores such as grinding grain or gathering seaweed to be less of an annoyance. Stiofán has been singing such a song while working on the loom one morning. Antonius interrupted the lively melody to ask where Nat was. It was unlike her to miss the first meal of the day. Antonius quite liked seeing such a sharp, intelligent person as incoherent as a small child who had been rudely woken from a good dream.
I cannot believe it has almost been a year since this was last updated! What black hole sucked up all of the time? It’s still astounding me. But what is even more astounding is all of the hard work that chocolatecapcookie from the POTS server did as my beta reader! Thank you so much for correcting all of my grammar and everything else! You are amazing!
Then Tony pulled Steve down and kissed him senseless. Steve couldn’t help but wrap his arms around Tony, pulling him into his lap. Tony reacted immediately, arching against him and running his hands through his hair. God, he was soft and warm and … and …
Steve protested, he knew he bruised easily, but the man was tugging him down the street, holding his canvases under his other arm with his toolbox. He tried, really, but before he could blink, he was in an upstairs apartment, sitting on an expensive couch, waiting for the stranger he had smacked into to come back with a … Steve had no idea, but god, he was uncomfortable.
Antonius made sure to help any way that he could. He lifted stones and helped check for weeds and pests on the grain. He helped to clean the game they hunted. He was a mouth that had to be fed and he always disliked those who would laze about.
(Rhodey got the award for risk taking, though. He was out there, every day, doing his best to be more than just another cog in the military machine. Every time that Rhodey was able to come back, whole and alive, Tony was supremely grateful.)
“I’m okay,” he finally said, swallowing. “Tony didn’t do anything. I think he noticed I was panicking despite everything, because he offered to call for an ambulance. I said it was okay that he crashed on the couch.”
“Well, Pepper’s gonna be pissed at me again. I skipped out on today’s. My PA,” he added after a momentary look of confusion from Steve. “She liked your apple cake.”
About two hours later, Doctor Steven Strange was humming at Tony, hand to his chin, and confirming that he could not merely snap his fingers.
“Hold on, come over here,” Tony said, tugging him towards one of the study rooms. He quickly locked the door and closed the blinds for privacy.
“Yes, that sounds like a good idea,” Steve said, when the parent he was talking to suggested some more tutoring for their daughter. “We have student and teacher aid tutoring available before and after school.”
“Make sure to buy a muffin,” she commanded. “Steve says you don’t eat enough. I’m getting tired of him worrying about you.”
Steve was on break, sitting across from Tony at a small table towards the back. When Steve asked if he could join him, so he wouldn’t be taking away a table from a customer, Tony just about had an aneurysm. It was one thing to be separated by the counter and register, or to be a discreet dozen feet away with a cup of coffee, but this close? This kind of proximity?
Tony snickered and decided to let go of the fact that he now informally knew yet another spy. It would likely be a good thing. “Same here.”
Fun tidbit: turns out I use a lot of 1930s and 40s slang. Steve and Bucky could use their full Brooklyn accents and all the jargon they wanted and I could still understand, because when looking up some of this stuff in a slang dictionary (
“I’m going to adopt you,” Tony said. Both of them had been avoiding that particular topic. “I’m going to fight for custody. I’m not going to let you bounce around in the system. I promise.”
“Well, you’re not a futurist like me, and with everyone always sneezing or coughing up petals for all the types of love there are out there, why
Tony turned the facts over and over in his head. HYDRA seemed to have a lot of fire power and agents here. From what he heard while he was ‘unconscious’, there were a lot of projects going on in this building as well. Logically, there had to be a lot of intel and resources coming and going, so why was the defense of this place so haphazard? Sure, there was that bomb and the guards with the grenades and military rifles, and heat-seeking missiles, but …
He and his armies were known and feared throughout the known world, but so few kingdoms were willing to ban together to put a stop to his terrorizing.
“Actual fresh air, not caffeine,” Pepper corrected. “I know you too well to even entertain the idea that you’re going to actually power walk or do some yoga.”
Tony gaped and made protesting noises. “I was going to ask you at the coffee shop! But then you had to go and say you were hacking up spores!
. It was the lifeblood for millions of people. It was the drink you drunk when you wanted to take over the world or be a really classy super villain. “How?”
Putting the morsel into his mouth was even better than looking or smelling. It was moist, not too sweet, and hardly cloying like some store-bought versions could be. It had to be the brown sugar he could get a hint of and the crunch of the walnuts. Spices melted over his tongue, most notably cinnamon. He couldn’t describe the cake as anything but made with love.
“When I was kidnapped in Afghanistan, I got shrapnel in my bloodstream, and right now, I have an improved car battery in my chest that is keeping me alive.”
With Tony’s full attention on him, he couldn’t help but shrink in on himself a little. It was a bad habit, but …
That was his calculating face. His ‘I am going to end this person’s life’ face. The one where he put the pieces together that no one else even noticed in some strange puzzle only he saw, say something that would revolutionize the world, and then do something about it.
Tony watched as Peter flushed some more. He didn’t seem to be uncomfortable. If anything, there was awe in his eyes. Peter had mentioned Mr. Rogers a time or two before, but it wasn’t anything over the top. No overly gushing, no long rants about how wonderful he was. There was a lot about children, about Peter, Tony didn’t know and he wished he did. But reading child psychology books would only take him so far and he had to juggle so many other things too.
“J, have all my meetings cleared and moved around for … the next three days. Medical reasons or something reasonable no one will question.”
If they wanted to see history and religion, then they needed to contact the historians and theologians at the other colleges around Paris.
Tony gritted his tiny little teeth. Even though his suit was a brilliant feat of engineering, there was no way around it: he was tiny and he could only go so fast.
Antonius looked down at the arrowhead, its surface smooth and clean. Nat had taken the time to remove it from the spear and clean it. Then she gave it back to him.
He looked out and his eyes widened at all before him: miles and miles of meadows and fields, forests and the slightest hint of a river in the distance. Gone were the tall mountains and intense hills of grain and crops, scattered with villages. Gone were the bright blue skies and a view of the ocean from all directions. Even though he knew it was the middle of the growing season and the sun should be beating down on him relentlessly, it felt as if they were in the depths of winter with unusually chilling winds and expected rains. As a matter of fact, it appeared that rain was already on its way—but the clouds moved so quickly across the landscape, it was as if the gods were changing their minds about the weather right before his eyes.
“We have the high ground,” Tony snickered. Captain America and the sniper blinked at him. “Uh, old movie reference. But it might be really new for you two.”
by Brian Arthur Phythian), I went, “Wait. I said that phrase today. They sure it came from way back then?”
The space between the walls was hard to move through, with broken bricks, pipes, and electrical wires all over the place, but they probably bought themselves some time with this move. Hopefully. As long as the HYDRA goons were thrown back enough with that grenade, they should be able to get out of this mess. They kind of left an obvious hole in the wall.
The man with the wheat hair spoke in a scolding tone, waving his arm towards the back of the cave. Antonius still couldn’t figure out why they were living inside a cave. Did caves not belong to their gods like his? Were they not sacred or forbidden? They should be living on a field with huts made of stone or in some sort of defended structure on high ground. Did they not fear the wrath of the gods? Or were the rumors true: that they did not believe in the gods? That they trespassed and desecrated sacred placed without fear of the consequences?
“No, you’re right. Doing this ritual is old fashioned, ultimately doesn’t prove a thing, and just perpetuates all sorts of harmful stereotypes and aspects of our culture. However, ignoring all of that, it comes down to an alpha and omega being able to express interest and consent to one another without all of the usual courtship trappings or social expectations. If I could, I would make that the everyday experience, but one step at a time.”
A few hours later, they were still working on the miniature suit, going over how the power of the arc reactor had been changed with Tony’s body. That was the part of this transformation Tony was doing his best not to be freaked out about, because of all things that magic decided to keep the same, it had to be that. What, did magic decide not messing with technology was the best route to go? Why bother transforming him at all then?
—continued, interrupting his panicked thoughts. The man indicated had very dark skin and was lithe. Antonius recognized him as a member of the clans south of the Land of the Riverbank across the Great Sea. He had different features than Actus did. How did he get to this far of a land? Or were they not far from his home at all?
Hell finally did come for him, in the form of some terrorist cell locations and a village that needed saving.
“You too?” Betty asked, holding out the hat for everyone to write their choice of movie on. “I swear, they need to find a cure for this. How do florists stay in business?”
He blinked up at her and looked to the monitor again. The screensaver had popped up, something old and cliché from the old Windows systems. Tears started to well in his eyes. He was clearly having a panic attack. Finding out that the father figure in your life sold you to terrorists and wanted you dead warranted a panic attack, right?
“I wasn’t expecting that,” Peter said quietly. “I-I mean, I guess it makes sense … I’ve heard a bit about ADHD. On the internet.”
had said in his head, over and over, like he was poking a bruise. They were okay. They had another date planned for the weekend, and in the grand scheme of things, Steve being Captain America wasn’t some betrayal. It was just about national and personal security.
Overnight, an unexpected cold front had hit the entire eastern seaboard. It didn’t bring any rain or snow, but there had been major winds overnight and a noticeable drop in temperature. Sure, it was getting closer to the winter, but no one was really looking forward to the days when they would need to shovel snow just to go to work or the grocery store. Well, Tony supposed, some people might. Bucky and Steve probably enjoyed shoveling snow.
Tony nodded. “Yes. I do. I’m speaking from experience: don’t let your doubts get in the way of your dreams. Money helps with a lot of things, like rent and food, but having all the money in the world doesn’t always fill certain voids in your heart.”
“Yes,” Steve said, not sure how his mouth was working for that to happen. “I’m fine. Please stop asking.”
Apparently that was called being demisexual, but he didn’t concern himself too much with labels either. He understood some people found comfort in them and they helped explain complicated situations in just a few words, but his therapist said that labels could do the opposite. In the end, what was important, they stressed, was communication.
“He’s been … he’s been alright. He’s taking the whole thing really well,” Tony said quietly. “Better than I would have if I were diagnosed.”
found out that he wasn’t the kid they were hoping for, whatever that was. But Tony couldn’t change the past. He could only make up for it now and do better in the future.
Tony’s shocked expression made all his words die in his throat. Steve felt his whole body flushing and couldn’t help but groan and cover his face with his hands.
Tony was wheezing, trying to take in a breath of air, but the situation was apparently too comical for words. All he could do was laugh.
“It’s like … being nearsighted,” May had said. “If you see someone wearing glasses, you don’t think there is something ‘wrong’ with them, do you?”
Tony flipped Bucky off, but it was all in good fun. He and Steve had been officially dating for a few weeks now, deciding to be all happy and in love before deciding to really commit to anything. Tony knew that Steve was serious about him, and Tony felt the same way. But going slow was probably the best route, given their past histories and how they could absolutely fail at communication. It was getting better, the more they worked on it.
Would there be more definition between shadows and highlights? Would he have better or worse depth perception? Dogs relied on their sense of hearing and smell more than humans, so was he experiencing more of that because of the serum or because of a dog’s baseline abilities?
“Let’s watch a movie and get you something to eat. I’ll change back if you find a solution or not, so there’s no need to make yourself sick.”
Tony continued to ramble on a little more. Steve knew he was being a good friend. He was offering what he could with what resources he had. Natasha offered the same thing after the last asshole he had dated, given that none of them expected the man to be
How long had he been asleep? Had they examined him? Did they know his life depended upon an upgraded car battery
The wooden floorboards creaked slightly as he walked further in, past mismatched wooden tables and even more mismatched chairs. Though the breakfast rush had died down, there were still a few people seated, working on their laptops or chatting over half-eaten scones. The scent of roasted beans and pastry grew stronger at the counter, where there were croissants and muffins under glass cloches. A coffee roaster was against a wall painted entirely with chalkboard paint. Multiple handwritings made up the menu.
Jane could be the scientist going out to space to figure out the differences and similarities, bridging the two together, but he was happy to remain on earth and do things like fix climate change and annoy the hell out of reporters who need to relearn some manners and ethics.
Steve looked down at the napkin just to be sure. On it was a strange flower he had never seen before.
Steve shrugged and took another bite of his taco. It turned out Steve really liked food trucks. Apparently, they were the best thing since sliced bread. Literally; he was there when it first hit the shelves.
“Just needed to take care of my class before coming down,” Mr. Rogers explained as he sat down next to him. “But we’ll get everything sorted out once the principal gets here.”
“It’s filled out, with our names,” Tony interrupted. “I got it just in case you couldn’t take a hint or ultimately said no. It’s not Alpha Night yet, so I’m still not breaking any rules here. As a matter of fact, I’m following the rules because I’m asking you if you’d like to be mine. All you have to do is say yes and sign. Then you don’t even have to worry about Alpha Night or someone else stealing me away or worrying about me saying yes, because I already have.”
Bucky was at the counter again today. He gave him a smile and eyed Bruce a little critically. Bruce was kind of in a disarrayed, rumpled form today, thanks to a science binge that Tony was not responsible for. Just because he could lose himself in engineering and machinery did not mean that other scientists weren’t capable of getting lost in their own fields as well. Hence him proudly proclaiming to Pepper how
A young man suddenly came from around one of the sides of the mound. Despite his panic over how foreign gods might punish him for his transgressions, Antonius found himself fixating on the young man like he was a problem to be solved or one of his tools. With the sunlight against his back, he seemed ethereal. He was thin, but looked sturdy, only about Antonius’ height. His hair was the color of wheat in the middle of summer and his eyes were—
“Let him have his sleep,” Natasha said as Bruce shuffled out. “You know you scientists operate on different schedules than the rest of humanity. He’ll probably have a hundred questions later.”
Steve stood up again, leaning on the counter. “Not necessarily. War is … complicated. Even when you have military sanctions and intel backing you up.”
Steve rolled his eyes. “I’m not made of glass, honestly, Tony. It’s the middle of spring and cedar is high this week.”
Did he feel the same way? Would he even want to continue dating after this conversation? What was going to happen to them if they did have a falling out?
Tony looked up at the small television Steve had on the counter. It was old and still black-and-white, but Steve had apparently found it at a thrift shop and knew just enough to fix it up. Tony secretly tuned it up a bit more, but had a feeling Steve still knew.
Steve fiddled with the book that was in his hands. It was about the history of progressive movements for omega rights. It would hopefully prove to be interesting, but he had to admit that he was also looking at a book that was hot pink and decorated with dozens of red hearts. No librarian could judge a book by its cover. They judged them by the reviews, reference list, and whether or not the author had a history of being some kind of idiot.
Upon opening his eyes and seeing a burlap bag around his head, Tony kept his cool until the last of the symptoms of the drug wore off. He had no idea how long he had been out, but by his estimates, it took an hour for the drug to finally work its way out of his system. In the meantime, the people who came in and out of the room he was being held in all had loose lips, blabbering about this project or that mission. He carefully filed all of that away and hoped that villains never learned to never talk in front of prisoners. It always made them easier to defeat.
Lorna stepped forward. “It’s a family spell, so only a family member can break it before the spell wears off. I apologize for what my sister has done. Mother is going to make sure she’s grounded for a long time.”
“I love you,” Tony said after a moment of silence, a hand going up and down Steve’s back in a soothing motion. “You and your rambling about art history and fighting bullies since you were a scrawny stick. You were adorable back then, how someone didn’t snatch you up, I have no clue. I even think I love your aversion to decent technology. Oh, and how you can be such a little troll. How about we just forget about courting rituals and all that?”
Pepper rolled her eyes and tapped away at something on her tablet. “Well, this could push up your two o’clock investor meeting.”
But the man got a sad looking bran muffin stuffed into a bag along with his apparently poorly made flat white and left.
a usual time. It was just that he hoped to catch Steve at that time more often than not, based on that first meeting. Whoever did their scheduling system either believed in complete randomness or really had a thing against them seeing each other again with any regularity.
“Needless to say, we need to keep chatter about HYDRA quiet. We are working on infiltrating their ranks and rooting them out. It’s a slow process, but anything could tip them off and compromise our agents.”
Thankfully, Tony finished his suit just moments before the alarm rang out and they were called to Assemble. They needed all hands on deck to defeat this week’s version of Doom Bots. Steve and Sam were already on the scene, having been nearby on a run when everything started to explode.
Moving quickly his lover first freed his leg before turning his attention to his arm. It took some work between the two of them but they managed to clear it, revealing his limb to be a mangled mess.
Steve hummed that made sense. He knew Anthony had a soft spot for the young man, Steve had only met the kid a few times, but it was easy to see why Anthony had taken such a shine to him.
They hadn’t had a call, he’d gone to work that day, been productive, they’d even made the final decisions on wedding flowers, food, and the guest list. It hadn’t been a bad day. It hadn’t been a good day. It had just been a day.
Suddenly he was standing alone admits a pile of bodies. Blinking numbly he glanced around, shield coming up on instinct when a big figure materialized out of the black.
Irritated he bashed around some spare parts the noise offering a small measure of comfort. Some small rational part of him knew that it was necessary, that Pepper was right. He was worth a fortune if something were to happen between them…he didn’t want to think that way, didn’t want to believe that anything could happen between him and Steve.
“Fri what was the movie Anthony and I watched last week, the one with the robot that killed people…” he asked eyes never leaving the jacket.
He couldn’t find the words so he kissed him, pouring all the emotion he couldn’t voice into it. Anthony responding immediately pulling him close as they deepened the contact. Steve moved his hand down his throat, touching gently at his clavicle before heading to his waist and under the loose t-shirt he wore.
Strange doesn’t actually wait for either of them to respond, before they’re both unceremoniously dumped back on the sidewalk in front of his house.
“Yeah, I definitely need coffee,” he says, but he squeezes Rogers’ hand just a bit as he says it. The tension in Rogers’ expression and in his grip eases slightly. His lips quirk up into a small smile.
he wanted to lie for them, Rogers just lifted his head and stared directly at Tony’s stupidly gaping face, and said with the kind of stubborn determination that had probably gotten him sorted Gryffindor: “Perfectly sure.”
for this,” Bruce complained. He blew on his hands – quite theatrically, in Tony’s opinion, since the first thing Bruce had done upon leaving the castle was cast a Warming Charm on himself. But five hours ago, Bruce had been flatly refusing to come at all, so Tony was willing to grade his level of dramatic whining on a curve.
surprising to suddenly be in a different body than the one you were used to, but Steve remembered puberty, so the feeling wasn’t completely without precedent. By the time he’d tried to stand up and nearly fallen over again, and taken a few tentative steps, and then
“…a loan,” Steve finally repeats, once it’s become clear that he has no other choice. “I’ll pay it back, really--”
kind of personal!” And to Tony’s endless delight, Rogers goes bright red and stares intently at something on the ceiling. “Does SHIELD know Strange’s address, or not?”
Tony rapped a brisk knock against the door in the tapestry with his wand, and the entire tapestry vanished to reveal a door identical to its woven counterpart.
Which is how they end up sitting as far away from each other on Rogers’ sofa as they can reasonably get while still being joined by their hands. Rogers has conjured a book – Ishiguro’s
“Alright, Rogers. I have about a million questions, but let’s start with: how are you drunk right now?”
“It’s fine if you don’t--” Tony begins, squaring his jaw, looking simultaneously so delighted to see him, and also so miserable, that Steve can’t help the small noise of frustration he makes, nor the way he stalks over to Tony and grips his head firmly in both hands, his palms sliding against Tony’s jaw.
The barest touch of Rogers’ skin against his, those hints of pressure, the scrape of their palms…it all makes Tony want to twitch away. His skin is crawling with the need to move.
Unspeakable business, just can’t confirm or deny her precise location, you know how it is. So no, I was going to stay here anyway, and
, who’d spent the entire summer vacation on the verge of sending him to Durmstrang to “stop him messing about with girls instead of taking his education seriously.” As if there weren’t girls at Durmstrang (…is what Tony had
been a hardship, Tony, but like I said last night, I’m pretty sure I’ve worn the suit through worse.”
“Not a chance, Wolf of Wall Street,” Tony says instantly. “I’ve got sixteen dollars and thirteen cents sunk into this venture. I’m entitled to an investor’s report.”
“Yes, Tony, I have seen that film,” Steve parrots. “And László Moholy-Nagy was a Hungarian artist. I was obsessed with him in art school – with the whole Bauhaus movement, actually.”
Tony tries to slip into the flow mindset that he can usually access easily whenever he starts an engineering project. But of course, that’s exactly when things start to go wrong.
“Wrong superhero, sweetheart.” He pulls Steve towards him like he wants a kiss, and then, once Steve is leaning over him, flips them both with a move that Steve is pretty sure comes from Natasha. Steve, laughing, allows it. “And you didn’t have any ethical quandaries about interrupting a meeting with the UN Ambassador to text me a picture of you, fucking yourself with a dildo in this very bed, and the caption ‘This could’ve been you.’”
gifts – Tony Stark’s, that is – and Tony briefly wondered how the House Elves had known to bring them to Gryffindor, before his entire mind was consumed by the task of tearing into his presents. There was a set of elegant new dress robes from his parents (which Tony made a face at); some new books from Jarvis and Ana (along with a letter scolding him for not writing more often); and two elegant gold Secrecy Sensors from his Aunt Peggy (“one for taking apart, and one to keep”). He’d also gotten a sack of new Weasleys’ Wizard Wheezes products from Rhodey and Pepper, which made Tony feel a spike of guilt at having forgotten them so thoroughly in his distraction over the Polyjuice Spell (especially now that practically every other Seventh Year at Hogwarts knew the secret).
hoped to avoid hearing for at least another month. It sounds like Tony’s in the middle of a party, something electronic thumping through the phone. Steve winces.
Romanoff did not deign to dignify that with a response. “Is it like a murder pact thing? Where you go to his house for Christmas, and he goes to yours, and then…” Romanoff trailed off meaningfully.
into his phone. His eyes slide around the packed pho restaurant -- he clocks at least seven iPhones taking surreptitious video – and back up to his server. She looms over him and his empty bowl of noodles, and huffs theatrically.
By the time patrol ended and they separated to return to Gryffindor and Ravenclaw Towers, Tony realized he’d entirely forgotten to look for any students out of bed.
“Can I go back to prison? Is that an option?” Sam mumbles, probably too quietly for Tony to hear, but Steve’s serum-enhanced hearing picks it up just
, actually. How do you think she got her job? Most fun interview by far.” Tony cranes his neck so that he can see Steve’s face as his eyes drift open. Steve notices him looking and gives him a lazy smile – the kind of smile that makes Tony realize he has no hope in hell of purging any of this from his brain, no matter how desperately he tries.
“How dare you, Dummy’s a lady.” With one final pat to Dummy’s strut, Clint sauntered over to one of Tony’s more cluttered workbenches and perched on it with his feet resting on a chair.
Tony forgets about the SI blueprints entirely, captivated as he is by the movement of Rogers’ eyes across the page, the slightly awkward-looking angle of his knees, the flex of his toes in their plain white socks. It’s just so
Tony’s not sure why Steve seems so suddenly willing to confess all of this to him now. Tony thinks he’s heard Steve say more words tonight – let alone
One hour earlier, Steve Rogers had been nowhere near the Forbidden Forest, with no idea that a miscast and highly illegal spell was about to change his life.
“Not tonight,” he says quietly. “But you should. You only slept a few hours. I’ve got a book here, and there’s enough light for me to read by.”
in Tony’s old SHIELD files, well…you’d think Rogers would know better than to trust the conclusions of people who turned out to be literal Nazis, but what does Tony know.
managed to get comfortable moving in this new, taller body as long as he didn’t think about it, but the moment his attention was drawn back to it, he had a tendency to walk into things. Or trip and fall in front of the entire school.
how pretty Captain America’s eyes are. Obviously Tony’s always known Rogers was attractive, but there’s All-American Peak of Human Perfection attractive, and then there’s Watching Tony Over A Chipped Coffee Mug Early in the Morning, Steam Curling Around His Cheekbones
Tony wonders idly what Rogers’ untidy apartment might say about his brain, but he’s learned his lesson about becoming too curious about Rogers’ bizarre motivations for doing things.
“Oh,” Tony said again. He seemed to deflate slightly, and he began attacking his Potions notes with renewed determination. “Yeah. Friends.”
“Happy Christmas,” Steve whispered to Tony as he slid a new, perfectly made cup of tea over to him. And while it might technically have been Tony’s own face that was smiling at him now, the warmth of it was 100% Steve Rogers.
Tony’s head shot up, startled, and before he looked away again, Steve caught a glimpse of a pale face with dark circles under its eyes. Steve watched Tony search the room before coming to the conclusion that Steve already knew: there were no other available partners, and their professor was just about to launch into the lesson.
, and now that he’s thinking about Pepper, he’s remembering all the hours he’d spent tossing and turning while she slept, trying to get comfortable without waking her, or waiting for her to fall deeply enough sleep that he could slip out of bed and escape downstairs again.
“Ugh, they're totally gonna blame me, and do you know how much money I've already lost to Bruce's Destruction of Property Jar? A lot, Cap, it's-”
They had not come that way. The wreaths had, in fact, been fabricated in Tony’s lab. And it’s possible that, in addition to the gift things and the Steve thing, Tony was also not amazing at wreath-fabrication.
responsible thing the Head Boy could possibly say in this situation, but he’d already taken House Points, so his official duty was
itself into compliance. Somehow – Steve doesn’t entirely follow the trick, because he’s too busy trying to resist its pull himself – Tony teases the angry server until she’s giggling into her card reader, and coaxes all the iPhone-holders into deleting their videos. He manages it all so deftly that the entire restaurant actually
Tony spins himself once around on his lab’s rolling stool, and then – because it’s not like there’s anybody around to see him – he spins around again.
Madam Pince appeared as though Summoned by the noise. She pointed one trembling hand at the water still dripping from Tony’s hair, the other clasped over her mouth as though she were starring in a Muggle film. The horror of it all was apparently too much for her, because she couldn’t even bring herself to shout as she tossed them unceremoniously out of the library with a flick of her wand that sent them tumbling out the door.
“Well, Ilvermorny’s in Massachusetts,” Rogers says. There's a beat, and then his eyes widen hilariously. “I mean—"
Steve glances down at his completed sketch of Tony in the Iron Man armor, staring steadily out at him from the page: head tilted in clear challenge, mouth quirked into a sarcastic shape, suit brimming with power and light.
Pines liked new magic. He and Bruce couldn’t have picked a better place to try an experimental spell for the first time.
happened here?” Doctor Strange says, and it occurs to Tony that what he’d thought was a menacing silence had actually been what Doctor Strange looks like when he’s at a total loss for words.
Once the table is cleared, Tony stabilizes his left gauntlet with a clamp and lays out the collection of tools he thinks he’ll need. In theory, once he gets the nanotechnology working properly, they’ll form a full suit of armor by fanning outward from one central point, but for now, Tony will settle for installing a modified housing unit onto his left wrist so that the rest of his armor can stay as-is. And hey, this is basically like a built-in opportunity to field test the nanotech. Bright side.
Rogers rubs the bridge of his nose. Tony wonders if he’s capable of giving even an indestructible super soldier a headache.
“I take it there's an update on your ETA?” he asks, leaning back against the riot of pillows that Tony favors for sleeping, one hand holding his phone and the other resting behind his head.
Tony figures out quickly that with their hands trapped together, they can’t actually change out of their shirts and into pajamas.
Plus, it had turned out there was a robbery going down in Hell’s Kitchen that could use a personal, superheroic touch, and so everything had ultimately turned out fine.
, Steve thinks sourly), because his mouth twitches, like he’s drawing on a lifetime of considerable media training just to keep up the appearance of a straight face.
a big deal it would be for Steve to change out of his own uniform. So Tony suppresses his instinct to flinch, or to angle his chest away from Steve, and instead acts like absolutely nothing out of the ordinary is happening. Which it isn’t.
, can’t forget that part – is queer. Cool. This information will in no way cause Tony any additional problems or stress.
But when Tony blinks the sparks out of his eyes enough to check around, it doesn’t seem like there’s anybody else in the workshop besides him and Rogers, who is…still holding his hand.
“Oh!” Tony snapped his fingers. “I remember now. ‘The Avengers Initiative’ – that’s the name Fury gave his weird little side-project, right? Yeah, that got scrapped right away.”
Tony whirled around, trying vainly to cover the multiple glowing screens of calculations from Steve’s view.
“You think I didn’t trust you with Bucky?” Steve blurts out, and then winces, because blunt statements tend to send Tony into a full-blown deflection spiral.
“You said it yourself: it’s tricky, and I don’t know it as well as you. I’m more likely to screw it up.”
“Prob’ly the patriarchy,” he concludes with a satisfied yawn against Tony’s collarbone. The last thirty seconds of this conversation wend their way slowly through his brain. “And I wasn’t
“When you’re standing or sitting next to me—” Tony blurts out, and then has to close his eyes in mortification. But Steve just waits quietly, and after a few seconds, Tony manages to open them again and continue. “Like, when I can sense you’re there but I’m not looking directly at you? That tends to…freak me out. Especially when I—yeah.” He swings their joined hands. “Can’t actually get away.”
“He wasn’t completely wrong about me either,” Tony finally mumbled, after perhaps the longest silence of Steve’s life.
“You know, that’s a good point.” Tony peers at Sam as though seeing him for the first time. He turns to Steve and points his thumb in Sam’s direction. “I like him, why don’t you ever let us hang out?”
“I hereby call—“ started Bruce. Tony flicked his wand lazily to send a Cauldron Cake rocketing into Bruce’s open mouth. Bruce made a “mff!” of surprise, his eyes crossing as he attempted to look down at his own mouth. But once he’d registered the projectile as chocolate, he seemed content enough to finish eating it.
Tony manages to concentrate on the blueprints for a few minutes, but then Rogers shifts to adjust his grip on the book, and the movement causes him to press his hand lightly against Tony’s. An instant later, they’re back to the same loose hold as before, their hands touching as little as possible while remaining magically linked, but it’s already too late for Tony’s focus.
Happy has been tasked with returning to the Tower and collecting Tony’s most indispensable possessions: namely, his travel tool kit, soldering iron, JARVIS’ portable interface, and his own coffee maker, because Tony would bet his entire fortune that Rogers makes crap coffee.
– than in the four-ish years they’ve known each other, put together. Tony wonders if, like the darkness of the bedroom, the fact that they can’t see each other through the shower curtain makes it easier to talk. Like Steve can pretend on some level that Tony isn’t really here.
forget the Great Duplication Debacle of fourth year. Not to mention, that befuddled look paired with Tony’s features? Made him look like Bambi had just hit a sliding glass door. And Tony refused to believe that he’d
“This is much better than you reading that dumb book. Much more personal. Very personal. You sure you want to give Tony this?”
Pepper was worried that people would start to question his ability to lead the company and make good decisions, but that could wait a while longer.
Tony bit back asking why Steve stopped. Who said he stopped? Maybe he was taking some time off to run a business and make money before continuing lessons. Maybe he decided to do this instead and keep art as a hobby. Maybe something else happened. There was a lot that Tony didn’t know about Steve—about all of them. It kind of made him jealous, but he could hardly fault Bucky or anyone else. He just met Steve and their interactions were limited.
He did not hear everyone’s exclaims of surprise and delight until they shook him awake, amazed at the twenty arrowheads that he had so skillfully carved.
Tony wasn’t sure how much of it might have been hero worship at the beginning, but all thoughts about that flew out the window when Peter made him a father’s day card because he couldn’t find one in a store that said what he wanted to say. The letter drove him to
Tony laughed, but it was an appreciative one. Steve knew the answer wouldn’t be something like that, but one never knew where a solution might come from.
Tony could hardly wait until he got out the door before he tore off a piece of the croissant. It was flaky, buttery, and there was a crunch when he first bit in, before getting to the billowy, soft layers. He had some crumbs all over his beard and shirt now, but it wasn’t like he was losing the entire thing to the ground. These were fresh with no time to soften because of refrigeration. He chased the croissant down with his cappuccino and yeah, he was in heaven.
Well, that was true. Tony never did like sitting in meetings or doing paperwork when he could be creating something and making an applicable solution, not scheduling another presentation. Talking just wasted time, in his eyes. But back in Steve’s day, when there was more face-to-face communication and people were much more specialized in their skill and trade sets, that kind of communication did a lot more work. It got a lot more done because so many more people needed to be involved and robots to replace them hadn’t come along yet.
Peter promptly burst into tears and threw himself into Tony’s arms. He had to be dragged away because the social worker was insistent about following the judge’s orders.
“Yeah,” Steve replied. He knew that soon, the smell of Thai would wake Tony up. It was one of his favorites and he was sure to reserve a box of red curry for him. Pepper and Rhodey had also been updated. Pepper offered to pick him up and take him back to the Tower, but Steve said it was alright. Tony was actually sleeping for once and no one wanted to interrupt that. “He wasn’t really himself when he came here. Kind of in and out of it.”
“The Maria Stark Foundation. I wanted this meeting to go well. I want to expand into other areas, explore ways we can better serve communities, but there have been budget cuts. I really need to fight to make sure not a cent is taken away from the foundation.”
He was still a bit of a mess, but that’s why he was still going to a therapist occasionally and had heart-felt discussions with Sam from time to time. That was why he visited his mother more frequently and continued to be roommates with Bucky, Sam, and Natasha. It could be a little crowded, but their combined paychecks allowed for them to get a really good apartment with decent commutes for everyone and quick access to a grocery store.
But instead of warning their people or going to fight against this empire before it could rise up, the oracle sent them on a mission: to find Antonius. After that, the oracle decreed, their fates would be up to themselves, for they would have left the realms of their gods.
“Do you know how expensive art school is these days? And no one likes my style at the moment, so I couldn’t really sell work to support myself during that time. Hence all the experiments.”
Tony smiled sheepishly at him and closed the door. Steve waved as they inched away and through the tinted glass, he saw Tony make a face at him.
. He had gotten his emails sorted out and paperwork signed ahead of time, delegated a number of projects to people who would enjoy them and do a good job, and shuffled some meetings around so he would have the afternoon free. He had done all that and was going to go to the florist to find a nice bouquet, because when you confessed your love to someone, having flowers or chocolate was always a nice touch.
Tony got a warm feeling inside his chest. He had donated the designs to anyone who could make them and gave a lot of money to some veteran hospitals so people like Bucky could be helped directly, without worrying about doctor visits or therapy bills. He wasn’t sure how many soldiers his efforts had helped, but he was glad to see at least one person benefitted from it all.
“You’re fine, you didn’t do anything wrong,” Steve said, reaching out and taking his hand. His smile was sincere and so was the look in his eyes. “Just eat.”
Well, that was odd, Tony thought. He usually thought Steve smelled like oranges and cinnamon. If he wanted to get further into that, he also thought Steve smelled like fresh air and sun-warmed earth, but that those were details only for him and Steve.
Steve rolled his eyes as Bucky pretended to take pictures of him and Tony like they were high schoolers going to prom. “Knock it off. This isn’t our first date.”
He was forever grateful that Shem’el knew some of his language, and so, could supplement a word or phrase here and there. It made Antonius wonder how he came so far away from the civilizations they both knew. Perhaps he was a traveler? A trader?
Tony’s mind was further boggled when kids could have depression, anxiety, and all sorts of other mental conditions
“Oh, latte this time. It’s the afternoon. I’ll drink the real stuff when I need to stay up late tomorrow. What do you want, Rhodey?”
His brain was just wired differently and he couldn’t concentrate like most others. It meant he had to take medicine and work hard to incorporate routines into his day, but there was nothing wrong with him. There was nothing bad about him either.
Tony nodded. “Yeah. I gave it to him while he was still in the system. It was the first thing I ever gave him and it became really important. I wrote him a note in the front cover.”
“It’s the same for you. You’re still a brilliant student. You just need some extra help, like someone who needs to be tutored in math. It’ll be a bit of trial and error, but your father helping you with organization and time management is
Steve smiled, remembering how they all promised to find out every dirty secret, beat up, or offer couples therapy to anyone Steve became involved with that turned out to be serious. They also promised to tell him more about any red flags they saw, and thanks to his therapy, he noticed how they were more careful in their word choices so he could redevelop his sense of autonomy and self-confidence in his ability to make decisions for himself.
Sure, going to some of these areas and scaring off the terrorists and soldiers from their villages so their actual governments could come in and more easily support them helped, but finding out the head of the snake, now
Mr. Rogers indicated for him and Mr. Thompson to go first, so Tony quickly stood up. He didn’t trust whatever little punk was back there with his child, even if there was an adult watching them. He wanted to reach Peter first, before anyone could say or do anything more. It took only a few seconds for him to see Peter sitting next to a blonde kid. Peter looked utterly remorse while the other kid had an air of being annoyed around him.
Jarvis left the tea tray outside of the workshop about an hour later. When they thought of it, or needed it, it would hopefully still be hot.
Bucky and Natasha were silently laughing—he could see the glee in their eyes—while Sam was covering his face and attempting to hold back a groan. Tony sympathized. He wanted to groan too and then for the floor to swallow him up.
“We’ll be okay,” Tony swore. “It’ll be okay. We’ll figure this out. But for now, we’re going to try to weasel some extra cookies out of Aunt May. Sounds good?”
He was a skinny, mouthy Irishman from the worst slums of the city. Tony was the heir to a title and thousands of pounds. Somehow, they still met, even though they both had tempers and loud opinions and could be very, very stupid. This likely wouldn’t be the last fight they would have and it might take a number of years for Steve to get over his own insecurities. Hell, it would take Tony years to get over his own, because being a lord was no easy task either and he just inherited it not too long ago either.
Yeah. He was going to have to get inside his mind and find out his side of all this, because that determined look in his eye meant he was going to something amazing or something stupid.
Sighing, he decided it would be best to do as she said and get some lunch. His stomach, now that his mind wasn’t so hyper-focused on the phone, was starting to growl something fierce. If he kept this up, he would likely get a migraine in the next few hours and while the coffee would allow him to fix the latest slew of problems in the prototype, the coffee would make it worse. He would crash somewhere in the next twenty-four hours and it would
“That’s amazing,” Steve replied, his smile growing. “I’ve always liked the concept of engineering. It’s like art being given a practical application.”
“I think I know where we’re going,” Captain America said, right behind him. “You found some blueprints to the building, didn’t you?”
Inside his hand was a small pendant, something that would be strung on a necklace or kept in a pocket as a good luck charm. The resin was perfectly clear and highly polished, allowing a single ranunculus flower to be shown perfectly.
In the middle of the courtyard, among more soldiers and armored knights, Bruce—also known as The Hulk—was battling dozens on his own with ease. Cursed with a wrathful, monstrous form, they had hoped to not need to call for his services.
Jarvis allowed him inside and only smiled when the front door was closed once more. That was how he operated: absolutely professional, the picture of the ideal servant, but only to those whom he knew would judge him if he revealed himself to be so much more than a mere butler.
Someone coughing up rose petals on Valentine’s Day could just as easily sneeze daisy petals on their birthday or some other special occasion. He already knew that he was loved by his friends. There was no mystery there, no need to start asking what everyone’s favorite flower was.
“Uh, sure,” Tony said. His heart was going a mile a minute. He was so glad he designed a better arc reactor. His old one would have never stood up to this amount of stress.
Tony grabbed him by the front of his shirt and kissed him hard. He didn’t care about the floral taste in Steve’s mouth, just the moan he let out before kissing him back and the feeling of Steve climbing into his lap and the aroused flush on his cheeks.
But his work there was only temporary, only when they needed extra hands during the summer to help with scything the fields or sawing down parts of the surrounding copse forest. Yes, hands were needed during the autumn, maybe even more so to help with harvests and repairing walls or pathways through the more formal gardens but … but …
Bucky looked over to where Tony was beginning to stir. “Well, guess we can’t blame him for going somewhere based on his instincts.”
Antonius was amazed. All of them were brought together by trials and tribulations, determined to stay together and protect their clan.
Tony noticed his leg was bouncing up and down. His heart was racing. Where was this teacher getting at? Where was all of this going? His mind was going a mile a minute with different possibilities, but mostly with memories of when he was in school. Teaching was a lot different back then. So many classes were focused on rote memorization and drilling facts into students’ heads, not to mention the rising demand for accountability and better test results.
This time, Tony had an hour or so to kill before his next meeting and he was going to spend it enjoying a coffee that wasn’t to go for once. No, inner voice that sounded suspiciously like Pepper, he was not going to use it to ‘ogle’ at Steve. That would be rude.
Trying ‘something new’ could also mean his taste buds would forever be offended. Someone was always creating some new concoction, sure it would take the world by storm, but in reality, it was just some sort of flashy gimmick like any other fad.
Why was he not admitting that the letters weren’t fictional? Why did Tony think they were fictional and Steve was some secret writer? Were his letters that bad? Should he say something before it got all out of hand, even more than it already was?
It was a few minutes more before Tony made it up to the counter, still exhausted, but probably feeling a lot better than Sam was at the moment.
But while it wasn’t a secret among them that Tony didn’t want to be CEO or CFO or whatever acronym it was, letting his father know was much harder.
Tony kicked in the last of the drywall, revealing the space he knew would be there. They all quickly went inside, following his lead.
Steve came out from the kitchen like a bat out of hell, causing a few people to startle as he rushed over to Sam. Out of his pocket, he drew a small knife and cut the tape.
He understood that deadlines and profitable projects were what kept his corporate shareholders happy, but sometimes, it felt like he was still pulled into too many directions. SI was a monstrosity that relied on so many different parts fitting together perfectly, but when most of those parts were human beings with concerns beyond their jobs …
“Hey, these are classics,” Tony defended, spotting H. G. Wells, Jules Verne, and the first few volumes of the
While he was still focused on Peter, dammit, this man was just too pretty. How the hell was someone like him a teacher and not some sort of model? Even though he was only wearing a grandpa button-up shirt and khaki pants, he was like
“I met Sam in DC while they were trying to acclimate me. I hijacked his running route and then we crossed paths on a mission. He found out about me an’ Buck. Natasha is a SHIELD agent I became friends with. She finds living fossils amusing.”
Tony whipped out his phone and faintly heard ‘Iron Man’ by AC/DC started to play from down the hallway. It took a few moments, but finally, Steve picked up.
The guy chuckled, warm and deep, as if the godly physique was not enough. “Most of them are, yeah. Most folks get a kick outta it.”
“Perhaps they gave him too much of the drug,” a fourth person mused. “Or perhaps his system took it harder than most. Physiologies do differ.”
“Oh—there were emergency meetings,” Tony quickly supplied. “Things are good now! No more fires to put out.”
Steve continued to hack up a lung, something he had not done for months, not since Tony forced him to go to a new doctor and took care of the initial examination bills.
However, they tended to go belly up and disappear all too quickly. Sometimes, Tony felt relieved because the place
Peter nodded. “Yeah. I use a bunch of alarms and reminders to keep me in track and to help me remember to do things, like writing down homework or taking my medication.”
Tony sensed another ‘but’ coming and not the kind he would like. Tony blinked and forced those thoughts out of his head. No. This Rogers fellow was the enemy, potentially one of the reasons why Peter was having such a miserable time at school when he usually excelled at and enjoyed learning. What used to be one of Peter’s favorite places was now a personal hell.
Bucky was still giving him that look. The look that said he knew that Steve was off daydreaming about Tony. Again. God, he was screwed. Royally screwed. And not in the way he’d like.
Tony could see Pepper shoving sexual harassment forms and classes at him already. Bad train of thoughts, abort, reboot! Find something appropriate to say!
Bucky had teased him about it, capturing the eye of a lord of all things like those silly romance novels that were becoming ever-so popular. Right until Steve confessed that he had no idea that Tony was a lord and it all came to a horrible, embarrassing end. Bucky wanted to find Tony and knock some sense into him, but Steve convinced him it wasn’t worth the trouble. So, Bucky yelled and kicked some sense into him. Except Steve was still stubborn as any farm mule.
That night, JARVIS played a recording of his mother singing for him for at least three hours, before he switched it to a scratchy recording of the original Jarvis reading aloud.
It was kind of a relief that was his friends’ focus. He was pretty sure he could describe symptoms and other measures of treatment and management, even ramble about the brain chemistry aspects of it if he really had to, but that … they just accepted it was really nice.
Okay, so it was nice to hear someone agree with him about the social trappings they were all caught in and how it was unfair to a bulk of the population, but—
“The place on Avenue de Clichy?” Steve exclaimed. “But they’re—I can’t! It’s like trying to get the moon and the sun share the same sky!”
“No. Too expensive and we knew what he was anyways. Or thought we did,” Bucky said with a shake of his head.
“It’s called an arc reactor. It’s … it’s really advanced. Really powerful. I can’t let anyone know or use it, because god, this could be abused so easily, and so quickly.”
The man rolled his eyes, their color proving to be gray-blue, like the stormy ocean not far from the place Antonius used to call his home. What was most striking about him was his left arm: it appeared to be made of solid moonlight, but Antonius could tell it was a metal. It seemed familiar to him, but he was not sure where he had seen it before.
She had been a one night thing, nothing special or out of the ordinary. Gone in the early morning light like so many others.
“Ah, Master Rogers,” Jarvis said pleasantly in a fine, upper crust accent. “Please, do come in. Master Stark has been expecting you.”
“And look what you did!” the older girl exclaimed, thrusting an arm towards Steve. “That’s Captain America! Turning our brother into a cat is one thing, but a national hero?!”
“oh hi, totally didn’t expect to see you here at this one hole in the wall coffee shop literally no one in the entire world besides you knows about. what a coincidence.”
Tony could see the trail of thought that was going through Peter’s head: there was something wrong with him, there was something broken. He hated Mr. Rogers’ for a moment then, for getting Peter caught up in this. Sure, if he had a learning disability or something, Tony would want it addressed, but did he have to do it in a way that made Peter think like this? Peter had already gone through so much in the last few years, from the sudden death of his mother to surviving the foster care system to learning who Tony was. Couldn’t he catch a break?
“What time is it?” Tony asked. Sleepiness was shaking off of him quickly, as it always did. It only ever seemed to sink its claws into him when he
“Yeah. I’ll see if he wants to give me the rundown tomorrow, beyond what he told me today. He’ll probably apologize like crazy too.”
“Are you going to go to Mars someday?” Tony asked, wondering if Steve was ignoring everyone or just that absorbed in the story.
So far, no one had ever thought of asking his Ma for blackmail material and he was determined to keep it that way.
“I—I’m sorry, I’m lost. The—the gods—” Antonius stammered and swallowed thickly. He didn’t know what the gods had done to him. He wasn’t even sure where he was. Someone with hair and eyes like that were said to have come from lands far away, where only the bravest of traders and travelers dared to go. Peperi was one such people, but she was brought through the slave channels when she was but a young girl. Whatever memories she had or whatever she might have known of her people had long faded. He heard rumors about such people: they were cursed by the gods, terrible warriors that brought plagues and famine to the lands.
“See, that’s part of the reason why I love you,” Tony said. “You’re loyal. You can be kind, but you can be vindictive and I love how you hold grudges. I love it when you get all righteous, unless you disagree with me, because lets’ face it, I’m always right—”
He was colorblind once more, but everything was still sharp and in focus. He wondered if there was a way to compare what a real dog actually saw and what he was seeing. Did the serum have any effect on this? Would his experience change depending upon what caused this? If he was changed by a mad scientist, would it be different from what Doctor Strange might be able to do?
Taking in a deep breath, Peter held it in for a few seconds, and then let it out slowly. He remembered what therapy had taught him about anxiety so far: how it was the nervous system reacting to fight and flight responses, to stressors. How sometimes the brain latched onto something and wouldn’t let it go because of a flood of neurochemicals. It would take him consciously focusing on something else or working with his body to calm it down. His ADHD did similar things, preventing him from focusing on something he wasn’t looking forward to or preventing him from taking a break or not obsessing about something else.
Tony blinked at him over his hand, not sure what to do. Steve was giving him his sweet snarl smile, and Tony felt his own eyes crinkle in happiness. The big hand moved, “I love you Anthony, doesn’t matter what the press says. All that matters is what you say.”
“That’s so awesome!” Quill looked elated, “I love Christmas! I remember as a kid and my mom…” he trailed off, eyes a little distant and misty.
Tony finally managed to find his tongue, “How…what….why…” he ran a hand through his hair as laughter broke out. Tony ran his eyes over everyone again looking for a familiar blonde head towering over the others; his heart falling a little when he didn't see Steve.
Shaking his head, Steve headed down the stairs, careful not to spill his soup. The lights came up slightly as he entered, enough for him to make out the miserable lump curled on his side on the bed. At the foot of their bed was a pair of yellow eyes kept watch in the dimness as Cosmic Creepers gave a faint meow in greeting.
Daze he blinked into dark eyes, the world was shaking apart, crumbling around them, his reality fragmenting.
Parting Anthony grinned, pecking one last kiss on him before settling against him nuzzling close. Content Steve held him as he looked out over the others dancing in the sand under the soft lights. A slow song had started and Steve was watching Buck and Sam draw close, wondering if perhaps there was another wedding in their future.
Before he knew it, it was last call, and the crowd had dwindled down moving on for more drinks and dancing at one of the nearby night clubs. Wiping down the bar he spotted the manger heading to the door to lock up when yelling and laughing drew his attention. Curious he glanced up as a small group bustled, the people vaguely familiar.
Pepper couldn’t help the small chuckle that bubbled up, she shook her head. She really shouldn’t be surprised, no one in their right mind was going to challenge the Winter Solider.
“For not leaving when we should, for making a mess out everything…” he trailed off with a sigh hearing something on the static across the line; it sounded like children laughing.
Steve shrugged, who was he to argue. He wiggled into the leather pants, the material rather snug. His combat boots, black t-shirt, and leather jacket followed. Tugging on his fingerless gloves he often wore when fighting he borrowed a pair of Anthony’s dark sunglasses. Dressed he paused before the mirror, his hair was longer than in the movie, he slicked it back. Look completed he nodded pleased, it actually wasn’t all that far off his own uniform truth be told. He didn’t know what that said about him, that he bore somewhat of a resemblance to a killer robot.
As Steve’s shift ended he found himself back before the man, gesturing with his chin to the empty glass.
Over the blowing snow he heard a small clicking sound, glancing back he spotted Peter with his phone up grinning. Was he actually taking a picture? The shock didn’t end there, however, numb he watched as Steve held his fist out to Peter the pair bumping them.
Steve thought perhaps he saw a flash of hope in those dark eyes and he was nodding as he smiled at him, sweet, and charming.
He blinked again, as he tried to gather himself, what was wrong with him today? He couldn’t seem to…couldn’t hold down his thoughts today he felt scattered like his mind was in pieces.
Steve nodded watching as Tony left heaving a small sigh he gave himself a quick wash before he was grabbing the towel and stepping out of the tub. Slowly he dried himself, trying not to look at his own gaunt frame.
Tony bustled out of the bathroom, quickly stripping the bed and grabbing fresh sheets. He moved briskly about the room getting the bed remade and grabbing fresh underwear and PJ pants for Steve. Taking a moment to strip out of his suit, he quickly tugged on his own sweats, and a loose t-shirt.
Steve hiked Anthony a little higher, making a soft noise of distress when he felt the other wince against him as he slipped free.
He turned away from the severe-looking face in the mirror, he didn’t need to look, he knew what was there. Sighing he slid his thick glasses up his nose before heading for the small kitchenette in his tiny apartment. Absently he turned on the TV, the sound muffled and distant scowling he located his bulky hearing aid tucking it into his ear, the news anchor reading off that morning's top stories coming clear.
Turning to his side he curled in on himself, the world hazy and indistinct as he drifted. A soft warm weight press against his side and a steady purr reminded him he was safe.
Peter glanced at the broad back rolling his eyes, he had learned that despite Sarg’s size, and gruff tone he was actually a really sweet person. He felt his lips twitch as he shook his head, as if he was going to stay behind. He was having a blast with Sergeant  Rogers, they’d been everywhere, and they still weren’t done yet.
The teen nodded eagerly, and Hank couldn’t help but get caught up in his youthful enthusiasm, as he showed him around. Peter was clearly an intelligent young man.
The change of topic had him a little off-balance, he lifted his arms the skin on the raw and chaffed from the cuffs, a small scrape on the inside of each. Tony caught each in a rough palm, before pressing a sweet kiss to each scrape.
Anthony stumbled landing in front of him, helmet peeling back to reveal dark eyes crinkled in mirth, “I umm….where’d you get the shorts, dear?"
A blonde head nodded, and Peter excitedly lead him into the dimly lit, music-filled room, already guessing that Ned has told pretty much every person there that the Winter Soldier had come.
Anthony moaned into his mouth gently pushing at him until he rolled onto his back. Steve went willingly, letting out a pleased huff when Anthony moved to straddle his hips, he vaguely remembered Anthony telling him to strip and get into bed the night before….but then nothing.
Tony moved back to his mind-numbing paperwork leaving his fiancée to paint. Focusing on the stacks of contracts before them he got lost for a bit working through the papers. It was a long while later when he looked up to see Steve carefully cleaning his brushes headphones on his neck.
“I’ve spent a lot of time in here during these kinds of events,” Tony explains to distract himself from the feeling of Steve’s chest radiating heat against his own.
It’s an absurd strategy, to pretend he doesn’t know who Steve is. The entire performance is absurd. It would almost be funny, except that Damian’s fingers are still digging into Tony’s arm. He takes a deep breath and tries to ignore them.
the one who photoshopped our heads onto the movie poster and then made that the binder’s cover art.”
When they finally make it to Rogers’ bedroom, Tony finds it just as cluttered as the rest of his apartment. Thankfully, the neatly made, queen-sized bed is mostly clear of the odds-and-ends that cover every other surface in the room.
“Anyway. JARVIS and I put together a list of some typical teambuilding and icebreaker exercises. I figure maybe the “condition” or whatever could be fulfilled by one of these.”
As the night went on, Tony found himself reciprocating, telling Steve about sneaking out of his parents’ holiday parties to light a menorah with Jarvis and his wife Ana, who would smuggle him treats that his parents had forbidden while he was in his nice holiday dress robes. He told Steve that since Hogwarts, he’d been spending most of his holiday breaks with his godmother Peggy, who lived in London and worked for the Ministry (Tony was almost certain she was an Unspeakable), and took him ice skating on the weekends. Rather than ask the question Tony had been dreading about why he didn’t spend Christmas with his parents, Steve told Tony about the time he’d gone skating at Rockefeller Center with Bucky.
Eventually, Happy drops them off in front of a large Victorian brownstone, and they manage to clamber out of the car. There is one alarming moment when Rogers pulls and Tony pushes, and the two of them nearly tumble out into the street. But Rogers manages to right them both before they end up sprawled on the sidewalk.
to be in one of them (and he would never tell Bruce this, but he probably should have read them more carefully in the first place, before declaring his spell finished).
in human form. Chaos surrounded him like one of Professor Trelawney’s auras, an invisible force of destruction that even Stark himself seemed only half-conscious of. So honestly, Steve finds this whole situation significantly
– looking forward to some leftover cake, to find Steve and Natasha sitting together at the Avengers’ shared kitchen table.
, obviously, but some sort of statement. Would’ve done it sooner, honestly, but SHIELD’s whole PR team turned out to be Nazis, so. It got put on the backburner.”
Steve is staring at his face steadily, listening to Tony ramble like it’s the most interesting thing he’s ever heard, and Tony could so easily get lost in that bright, curious look in his eyes.
“Look, just…don’t mention it to the team,” he blurts out desperately. It’s the only thing he can think to say that’s not “exactly
Implementing the second half of the Home for Christmas Protocol was simple. Tony had been intending to set up the Avengers’ Christmas decorations in the main common area, which was where they tended to throw parties and which, as they’d all discovered last May 29
“I thought we were friends,” Steve continued, and couldn’t quite keep the note of hurt out of his voice.
“There’s a conditional worked into it. I don’t think it would have activated if just anyone had touched you, Stark.” He gives Rogers and Tony a speculative look. “I think the spell would have waited to activate, if and
it, the sounds fit better in Tony’s mouth than anywhere else. Even now, when they also sound so worn and ragged. “Listen, I’m going to get you home and into bed, and then
The moment her attention had turned back to the lecture, Tony ducked closer to Steve and whispered: “I was the one giving
“It means ‘to refuse to agree to,’” Natasha explained. She was perched on one of the desks in the empty Transfiguration classroom they’d all commandeered for what Tony was calling an “inter-house strategy meeting” and what Clint had dubbed the “Brazenly Unauthorized Transfiguration Testing Society.”
lost to every pool player in that bar until he’d caught their attention. It was like an extremely determined, muscular honeypot.”
right now,” Tony shoots back. “And being stuck in Feelings Jail with you is already bad enough; like hell I’m
“Be lucky all I did was wave some paper around the smoke detector,” Pepper retorts. “When I’ve imagined what it would be like to set fire to your possessions, it’s never been so well-contained.”
Steve wasn’t sure what he’d expected pretending to be Tony Stark would be like, but “skiving off lessons to work in the library instead” was definitely not part of it.
was all about how engineers would save the world, wasn’t it? Scientists and pilots starting an organization called “Wings Over the World” that could put a peaceful end to an endless war. That’s part of what I liked about it, too. The news from Europe was already bad, even in ’36, and it’s not like the movie was sugar-coating any of that, but it still held out a certain kind of hope. And in the end, I guess the movie was right. We
“Tony’s introduced me to a lot of wonderful people tonight,” Steve agrees placidly, somehow managing to convey with his tone that he highly doubts Damian is one of those people, and with his posture, that nothing short of a HYDRA attack on the ballroom will induce him to leave Tony’s side.
“Nope!” Tony gives him a wide grin. “Too late; I know your secret now. Your first act after being introduced to the wonders of 21st century technology was to take a Buzzfeed Sorting Hat Quiz. Classic Gryffindor.”
“You think anyone going off-the-grid is buying $15 pho in Hell’s Kitchen?” Tony interrupts dryly. Steve falters.
couldn’t stay—well. Fury knew I’d been planning to leave SHIELD for a while. All HYDRA really did was speed up my timeline.”
The cars that thunder past are starting to flick on their lights, and Steve idly counts them, just for something to do. And then he realizes with an odd jolt that it might be the first truly
“Are you alright?” Steve asked lowly, under cover of checking something in his textbook. “Did something go wrong, with what McGonagall did?”
Naturally, they argue several more times on the way to Strange’s place, starting with whether they should allow Happy to drive them. Tony wins that one, after he makes the point that it’s not safe to drive with only one hand, but Rogers is annoyed enough about it to start a side-argument about the fastest way from Stark Tower to the Village, which nearly incites Happy to commit homicide.
. Later, he gives Rogers instructions that, if carried out, probably would have started a small electrical fire. Tony only barely catches his own mistake before Rogers actually does it.
Maybe there’s not exactly a word for it, when you’re mutually using each other, long-term. Heroing-with-benefits? In any case, it’s one thing to know that, and quite another thing to learn that Rogers only calls him when he feels he has
“Oh loads,” he said confidently. “For instance, they’ll barely question you when you lead them down a dark and creepy passage. Not a second of hesitation. Zero survival instincts.”
“Really, a terrible influence,” Tony murmurs. His hands slip down to palm Steve’s ass, and Steve rewards his ingenuity with another kiss, which of course only manages to distract Tony from his usual Arousal Monologue for a few seconds at best.
to tell him any details) suddenly veer off to sit with Natasha, which gave Steve the opportunity to slide onto the lab bench next to Tony.
“Tony, I literally have superhuman hand-eye coordination, of course I’m good at pool.” Steve pauses to allow for Tony’s anticipated eye-roll, before adding with a slight smirk: “Also, back in Brooklyn, nobody really expected a sickly kid like me to know how to play. So when Buck ‘n’ I needed a quarter for the movies, we’d go down to the pool hall and take bets.”
the point?” Tony asked somewhat desperately, now fixing himself a cup of tea just for something else to do with his hands. “You said you wanted a mobile phone to call your friend, but you didn’t think it was possible to have one at Hogwarts. And I happened to know that it
“I didn’t kiss you back,” Tony rushes to say, like it’s something he’s been holding onto for a while, and Steve’s brain promptly spirals into pure panic, because
“No, you can’t!” Tony blurted out. “It has to stay there; it’s optimized for, um, maximum Christmas cheer. JARVIS ran a simulation.”
ever concede that he lost a negotiation to a man with three hoodies in slightly different shades of blue hanging on his coatrack. But whoever chose this apartment for Rogers had done a good job. It’s beautiful, simple, and classic. The living room in which they’re standing has hardwood floors and high ceilings; the glimpse of the kitchen visible through the wide doorway suggests that it’s been recently renovated; and on the other side of the room is a small window nook. Instead of a loveseat, a small easel has been set up to face the window, while a collection of art supplies spills across the floor.
“It was real festive to have all those candles lit for Christmas,” Steve said, regarding the singed goats with a tilted head. It was several hours later, after Tony had repaired enough of the Tower’s wiring to turn the lights back on – he’d thought the Tower’s systems were impervious to most attacks, and was trying to suppress the itchy desire to start working on new contingency plans – and all the Avengers were gathered in the TV room for the official Christmas celebration.
“Nope! My turn to talk now!” Tony makes a sharp gesture with his free hand, and Steve shuts his mouth, looking mutinous.
God, Tony really needs to get his shit together, here; his mind is rapidly spiraling out of his own control.
Tony reaches for the activation button on his Iron Man wristbands, but hits Rogers’ hand instead. Damn. Even if Tony’s left gauntlet could mold itself around Rogers’ hand as well, which it hasn’t actually been programmed to do, how is Tony supposed to
Tony is expecting Rogers to argue. Pepper had been equally skeptical when he’d tried to explain this to her (under serious duress, and then only because he’d had a panic attack in Pepper’s immediate presence. Even
perspective—“ Tony starts, but Rogers holds Tony back from wringing Strange’s obnoxiously chipper neck. Just add that to the running list of things that are harder to manage with one hand.
“Tony. The last time you and Rogers were seen together, the city was attacked by aliens. And you think the public will be
“The purpose of this spell is to facilitate understanding. Sometimes it requires the participants to share something true; sometimes it requires them to work together to solve a problem; sometimes it’s set to release after a certain period of time. Only the original caster can say for certain.”
At least Rogers’ bed is comfortable, and there’s enough ambient city light coming through the bedroom windows that it washes the room in a gentle, velvety darkness (nothing like the pitch black of a cave). And Rogers is an oddly soothing presence next to him: his body like a levee between Tony and the windows; his breath a slow, even metronome.
knows Strange’s first name, unless it’s “Doctor,” which does seem like the kind of pretentious bullshit he’d pull.
They run the gauntlet of reporters without any real mishap, but Tony knows that it’s actually in the gala itself that the real performance will begin. Unfortunately, it’s much harder to ignore an intrusive question from the CEO of Boeing who’s cornered you against a potted plant, than it is to ignore a Page Six reporter standing ten feet away.
And yet here they were, two days after the swap, hidden from Madam Pince’s suspicious glare by a bookshelf, a bust of Bridget Wenlock the Arithmancer, and nine books on cleaning spells stacked precariously in front of their table. They were looking over Stark’s Transfiguration notes for the five hundredth time, trying to figure out why his “temporary” spell hadn’t already worn off.
Tony went to fetch two glasses and then poured a generous measure into each. Toasting Thor with one of them, he announced “God bless us, every one,” and threw the drink back in one swallow.
“I…know you were? But I wanted to give you…” Steve paused, and for a second Tony thought he looked almost
the Trophy Room, which had led to a cascade of falling shelves, bouncing metalware, and half-fastened robes that Steve still sometimes hears in his nightmares).
The next afternoon, Tony sat in NEWT-level Potions and concluded that this whole body-swap situation was proving to be a lot more complicated than he’d realized.
Tony’s journey around the perimeter of the clearing had brought him right back to Bruce, who’d nearly dropped his wand in shock.
“Talking to you.” Natasha raised her eyebrows and nodded at the only slightly coffee-stained paper. It was covered in her own small, neat handwriting, which, after Tony took a few sips of his coffee, resolved themselves into actual words.
Tony lets out a sharp bark of laughter. “Yeah, no. Never gonna happen, Rogers. Not in a million years.”
getting all up in his space. It’s completely normal to dislike people grabbing onto his hands, and not at all a cause for concern, and if Rogers is pulling a prank based on some
like that’s what he’s doing. He cracks his elbow against a shelf of towels, and is forced to give up.
He immediately busies himself with his phone so that Tony doesn’t have the opportunity to push it. Although Tony isn’t actually sure whether he would have pushed on this or not. Granted, attacking a problem until it’s solved
“Well good, because I wouldn’t have answered them. Did you have a reason for coming down here, aside from judging my choices and seducing my bots?”
It turns out that what Pepper wants is to give Tony a massive amount of shit for being asleep past 10am, “although I guess you’re still on your fake-honeymoon, no wonder you’re worn out,” which is just not a helpful comment to make to a person who, not fifteen minutes before, had been sleepily fantasizing about his reluctant-colleague-turned-reluctant-roommate and occasional insomnia buddy, who also, by the way, is
“Tony,” Steve repeated, frowning down at the cup of tea that Tony had inadvertently fixed for him while he’d been rambling. “That’s not exactly the point I was trying to make.”
Once freed, Tony immediately rolls back over to his own side of the bed. “Yeah, sorry to use you as a pillow.”
“No spoilers. I wanted the unvarnished performance, baby.” Tony waggles his eyebrows. Steve groans and bumps his forehead several times against the car window.
“It’s not polite to teleport into someone’s house unannounced, you know,” Tony begins conversationally. “JARVIS?”
“Hey.” Tony presses his finger against Steve’s bottom lip, and Steve’s eyes cross adorably as he tries to look down at it. “We can save the world later. Tonight, I think we should savor our epiphany.”
“Nope.” Clint gave him a wide grin and leaned back on Tony’s bench with the distressing crunch of something delicate being sat on. “Except that in this particular circumstance, what I actually need is a favor.”
you’re suggesting. Which is that Captain America should pretend to be gay, and in a relationship with
“And Rogers? I just had JARVIS access your phone remotely, so my number’s set in your speed dial. Natasha can show you how it works. Call if you ever need a ride, okay?”
Ellen made a small scoffing noise but obligingly halted her mad dash down the corridor. She turned in her girlfriend’s hold, angling her body close as she said something that Steve couldn’t catch. Her girlfriend smiled, small and private, as she murmured her reply.
“You’ve been double-checking my notes every step of the way, and anyway, you’re better at this kind of transfiguration. Bodies and living things. I’d probably mix up the spleen with the scapula, and get us both sent to Azkaban for misuse of human subjects.”
fallen over again, he’d been mostly fine with it. Stranger magical accidents had happened at Hogwarts. Steve had heard whispered rumors of a misbrewed Aging Potion that had exploded and turned the entire class into infants, and there was at least one classroom in the Charms corridor that had been locked up until an Unspeakable could come have a look at it.
Tony held eye contact for a few long seconds, until he finally sighed and dropped his gaze. Steve tried not to gloat too visibly about winning this argument, but from the way Tony narrowed his eyes at him, he was pretty sure he’d failed.
“You don’t have to come. Really. I’ll get more done on my own,” Stark had said flippantly, when Steve had offered to join him.
Tony blinks and wrenches his eyes back to his tablet. He seriously needs to pull himself together. He’s glad Rogers is distracted enough by his book that he hasn’t caught Tony staring at his feet like some kind of weirdo.
Steve didn’t seem bothered enough by the accusation to stir from his casual slouch against the corridor wall.
“I always forget you used to be an actor,” Tony says to him, leaning his own body into Steve, to complete the tableau.
Steve blinks at him. There’s water running down his face, clinging spikily to the ends of his hair, to his eyelashes, dripping off his chin, and down his chest, and – and Tony is
“I’m not,” Tony retorts stupidly, and grabs for his half-full coffee cup in the hopes that the motion will distract them both, until he realizes that his hand is shaking too much for him to be able to drink from it. Perfect.
There was a loud bang and a flash of golden light. It illuminated everything in the clearing, including their three, identical, comically shocked faces, before everything went dark.
?” If Steve wasn’t quite so drunk, he’d think Tony sounded hurt, but that doesn’t make any sense. The alcohol must be muddling things up.
“You know, I’ve always wondered: there must’ve been a moment when you were holding all of SHIELD’s secrets in your hands, right? Everything HYDRA had done in their name. Weren’t you tempted to expose them completely? I mean, if a design’s not coming together, sometimes the only option is to tear it apart and start all over again. Like SHIELD Mark 2. But you didn’t do that.”
Hagrid had always been strangely indulgent of Tony – one of the few adults who was – ever since Tony had managed to break the charm on the boat transporting him across the Great Lake before his very first day at Hogwarts.
Tony is suddenly, viscerally aware of their respective positions: they’d both turned to face the other, and even inched closer to see better in the dark, so that now there’s only maybe a foot of space between them. Their hands are still clasped, and as much as Tony knows they have no choice about that, it suddenly feels like such an
Of course. They’re only dancing in the first place to avoid Grey’s intrusive questions, and to preserve their cover as a couple. And Steve is a great actor. He’d proven that earlier in front of the paparazzi.
Tony suspects that if anyone had needed to place a bet on the conditions of his and Rogers’ respective living spaces, they would have lost their money. Years of living with Rhodey – first at MIT and later, when Rhodey would spend his leave in Malibu – had forced Tony into military-neat habits. To everyone’s surprise (not least his own), he’d actually kept them up, even when Rhodey had finally gotten his own place. Tony suspects that his brain creates too much of its own chaos. He’s found that he can only really get things done when he can reach out for his wire strippers, or whatever, and can count on them to be sitting exactly where he expects.
“I’ll confess to McGonagall,” Tony said abruptly, tugging at the sleeve of his robe and staring at Steve’s shoes. “She might even be able to fix it—“
. In fact, he can’t even remember the moment he started calling him “Steve” in his head rather than “Rogers” or “Cap,” but it wasn’t actually that long ago.
, he had managed to get lost three times between Gryffindor and the Great Hall, get trapped on two temperamental staircases, and get doused in water by one poltergeist.
once the last holdout surrenders his footage with a scowl. And then Tony follows it all up by grandly paying for everyone’s lunch and sweeping out of the restaurant with Steve bobbing along in his wake.
“Let’s just say, I can suddenly see the advantages,” Rogers retorts, and Tony throws his arms in the air.
The forest thickened around them, and soon Hogwarts slipped out of view around a bend in their path.
?” Tony’s voice comes through the phone, sounding two parts scandalized and one part delighted, and – oh, yeah. He’d called Tony. And might possibly be speaking aloud.
Steve was spending Saturday lunch in mutual awkwardness with Bruce at the Ravenclaw table when Tony sidled up to him and glanced around like they were in a Muggle spy film.
It goes terribly. As Tony knew it would. And it’s got absolutely nothing to do with Rogers. Which Tony also knew.
“Why are you assuming it was my fault and not Sam’s?” Steve blurts out as Happy pulls away from the curb. The distraction works. Tony snorts and shakes his head at Sam, a commiserating “can you believe him?” gesture. Sam snickers in return, while Steve proceeds to regret all his life choices.
Even in all the confusion and excitement of that first night, when their scheme to impersonate each other had seemed like a simple trick, Steve had been
it. He’d been researching and testing and double-checking for weeks now. At a certain point, it was time to take a leap of faith.
“R-!“ Tony began, startled, before having the sense to shut up. Once he could trust himself to say something sensible, he cautiously tried: “Hello” before shoving several pieces of toast into his mouth at once. He hadn’t even had a chance to butter them, but clearly speed was of the essence here.
“Barton. Seventh-year Slytherin. I know you know him. He’s on the Slytherin Quidditch team. You once got a penalty for unsportsmanlike behavior that time he managed to hit the Snitch with a Bludger.”
Tony swallowed and forced his hands still. From the corner of his eye, Tony could see that Thor looked attentive but not overly so, as if this was merely an interesting story that Tony was telling him.
Steve tightens his hand a bit and lets his thumb swipe the head of Tony’s cock on his next upstroke, and then murmurs, “This would be the American way” into Tony’s dark hair.
“Uh, I don’t really want get into it now,” Rogers is saying into the phone. He shoots Tony another sidelong look, like it’s
Tony’s confession didn’t really seem worth the amount of miserable fidgeting it was being given, and Steve felt like he was missing something.
“Oh, you mean that climactic moment where the music swells, and we’ve all gained some self-knowledge, and the curse is lifted?” Steve teases.
Fourth: Steve Rogers – Head Boy and general bane of Tony’s rule-breaking existence – said, “What are you two doing out here?” as he marched toward Tony…
“Just glad we both got some sleep,” Steve coughs, and then changes the subject. Masterfully. “Ah, should we find out what Ms. Potts wants? It probably wouldn’t be great for my reputation in the building if my neighbors caught her breaking into my apartment.”
“Most people wouldn’t immediately suspect Captain America of a crime, you know,” Steve can’t help but mumble.
“We’re both staying at Hogwarts for Christmas,” Tony hissed back, vaguely irked that he hadn’t thought of the body-swap option
They fly up to the roof of Philadelphia Museum of Art and eat cheesesteaks as the sun sets over West Philly. As Steve licks his fingers and pretends to listen to Tony’s rambling monologue about someone named Rocky, he decides that seeing America could look a lot worse.
They both turn to regard Steve and Bruce on the bench behind them. Steve had a slight frown of concentration on his face as he patiently chopped his lovage into tiny, identical pieces. Tony had to give it to Romanoff – literally
“Steve was just explaining that it was the Shrivelfigs that give the Wound Cleaning Potion its distinctive color,” Tony lied smoothly. “I was very surprised; I always thought it had more to do with the purple dead-nettle.”
, to make sure he didn’t cause any more trouble,” then moved seamlessly into what Steve was pretty sure was a quote from Winston Churchill’s “finest hour” speech, before ending with a stirring pronouncement that “no good deed is too small.”
The look of profound dread on Rogers’ face would be funny if Tony didn’t also feel like he’s about to vomit.
Massimiliano sews the blue jacket on to Steve’s right arm with another series of quick, perfect stitches. Then he steps back, tugs Steve’s shoulder seams straight, and
“I was just wondering if you had, um, a preference for which side.” Rogers doesn’t quite meet Tony’s eyes as he says it.
“Oh, Tony, you don’t understand.” Pepper lets out a sharp giggle. Then she pulls her hair out of its ponytail, runs her hand through it, and ties it back again. And oh
you spent it. Come find me when you’re ready to talk about Thanos. You know, the universe-ending threat that my other self risked his life to warn you about?”
Tony makes a complicated gesture with his left gauntlet, which triggers a set of handholds to unfold from the body of the suit with a quiet hiss.
“With the serum, I don’t actually need that much sleep,” Rogers says, which Tony notices answers neither of his questions.
And now that Tony’s not in a state of active psychological crisis, he finds himself at more leisure to admire what he’d only been able to notice before: Steve’s clever, capable hands, and his instinctive eye for detail work. Tony defies anyone to spend their formative teen years at MIT without developing a total kink for elegant soldering. Plus, now that Tony’s looking directly at him, he has the chance to witness the adorable little crinkle that Steve gets between his eyes when he’s concentrating on a project.
If Clint kept being this unfairly smart, Tony would be forced to drop him in something slimy next time he’s up in the suit, just to restore balance to the Force, but let it never be said that Tony is good at holding grudges when there’s science to do, and this project was shaping up to involve some
“O-kay,” Tony says. “In that case, I can set up on your dining room table. It looks big enough. We’ll just have to shift some of the stuff –“ Tony moves toward the aforementioned table, but he’s pulled up short when Rogers continues to just stand there. He’s staring at his table with an expression that, on anyone else, Tony would call trepidation.
“Wow, when I wanted to see movies as a kid, all I did was hack Disney.” Tony shakes his head, genuinely dismayed that he hadn’t incorporated petty gambling into his teenage life of cyber-crime.
about the sound. “For one thing, that would be remarkably hypocritical, and I guess you’ve never Googled me, which is…probably a very good thing, actually, keep up the good work on that one. It’s just – Steve, you were picking someone up at a
Meanwhile, Rogers looks determined, and still a little angry, and like he has no idea that Tony’s real name has just slipped out of his mouth for perhaps the first time.
“Relax, Cap. I’m an expert at taking people to bed. There’s really nothing to it,” Tony says, and thoroughly enjoys watching Rogers’ discomfort deepen.
“Yeah, of course. And I know you’re headed to MIT tomorrow morning for that scholarship thing, but I’ll…talk to you when you get back?” Steve doesn’t know whether it’s Tony’s shiftiness – is a flux capacitor even a
They spent almost the entire rest of the afternoon in Honeydukes, arguing about whether they could ever pass Fizzing Whizbees off as a Muggle candy (no), and whether it was horrible or funny to send someone Cockroach Clusters without revealing that they were made of cockroaches (yes on all counts). By the time they made their way across the street to the Post Office, laughing and laden with sweets, they’d managed to curate a selection that Steve
“Well--” Sam begins with great relish, but Tony makes such a violent shushing gesture that he promptly snaps his mouth shut again. Tony then proceeds to conjure a tumbler, a bottle of whiskey, and two perfectly formed ice cubes from somewhere in the depths of the car, juggling all of them until he’s got a drink in his hand. And then he leans back in his seat, closes his eyes, and lets an expression of pure bliss settle over his face.
The upshot of Pepper’s visit, therefore, is that Tony and Steve have a binder’s worth of material to memorize, and that Steve can drink a ton of coffee when he’s stressed.
“At least one thing. In the library,” Steve had retorted. “But you really don’t care that I’d be missing one of your classes? Won’t Babbling be angry?”
But even if it’s undeserved, Tony can’t look away from the affection he imagines he can see in Steve’s expression.
Before Tony can deliver a devastating retort, which was definitely on the tip of his tongue, Rogers turns to Strange.
“I’m just glad you didn’t ditch any of your stars or stripes along the way,” Tony mutters, and then winces at the slightly bitter way it comes out. It’s enough to sober Steve immediately.
“Oh.” Steve gives him a quick, darting glance as his cheeks flush. “Thanks. And, um. You too. Of course. You always do.”
“ I really didn’t think it would take this long,” Tony blurted out almost before Steve had finished asking the question, as though the words had been building behind his tongue, just waiting for the right spell to release them.
embarrassing, but Tony seems to get it anyway, if the way his grin widens and he clambers back into bed is any indication. He nudges aggressively until Steve consents to put an arm around his shoulders, which makes the sandwich-eating quite fraught, but Steve can’t find it in himself to mind.
something else about this spell…something a little unusual...” Strange concentrates on their hands for a moment, and then frowns.
Tony put out a hand to stop Bruce from stomping through the clearing. Bruce blinked, glanced around them, and then nodded back.
Tony gives him a narrow look. “Why did you insist we come back here if you hate having people in your space so much?”
Tony isn’t even really certain why he’s pushing this – whether it’s the vague hurt he feels that Steve won’t use the thing they just spent the whole day building together, or whether it’s frustration with the fact that Steve seems so resigned to being uncomfortable.
“I have gathered that Ms. Potts was not pleased to hear that I have been screening her calls. I attempted to explain to her that your Smart House Protocols prevent her from contacting you, except in cases of harm or immediate peril. Ms. Potts seems to have…taken that as a challenge. I am very sorry, sir, I can assure you I did not intend—”
“Arrows with a gravity field?” Tony mumbled. “Why would he—oh, I see. Yeah, this is doable. This is very doable. Why didn’t Clint just ask me himself?”
“…Yes? If you still want to work on your gauntlet, we could pull my desk away from the wall. It’s a little narrower, so we can sit face-to-face and still be holding hands.”
Rogers is flinging himself through Tony’s doorway like a silent film star gearing up to untie his sweetheart from the train tracks.
“I figure we can get through most of these by the time Happy shows up with my stuff,” Tony continues. “Best case scenario, he can just turn around and bring it all right back to Stark Tower.”
Tony found himself almost looking forward to the idea; anything was better than continuing to vivisect this LED snowman.
“Tony. Don’t be crass,” Steve cuts in. Doctor Strange looks deeply thankful for his intervention, but Steve’s eyes are sliding to the side in a way that Tony is coming to recognize means trouble. “You said it yourself. The spell lifted when we kissed. So it was really just a Sleeping Beauty spell all along.”
“How strange,” Natasha said sweetly. “Isn’t that your signature at the bottom of this parchment? And if we performed a notary charm, I’m
“Burns and Allen? I used to listen to their radio show,” Steve says absently, mind still on his sketch, but Tony's amused little huff of breath calls his attention back. Steve wonders if Tony had known about Burns and Allen before he met Steve, or if he’d deliberately searched out cultural references from the thirties and forties. He almost resents the rush of strange, desperate gratitude he feels at the thought of either possibility being true.
“Yeah,” Steve sighed. “Yeah, I know you did. It was a stupid idea. But if I’d told him about the party ahead of time, he’d have found some way to avoid it altogether. And it could’ve been worse – he could’ve picked one of the windows that doesn’t open.”
?” Rogers swivels his head quickly enough to give an ordinary human whiplash, his eyes wide. Tony frowns and runs back through his own words. And of course, the
Even so, he hadn’t expected to slip through the doors and be immediately confronted by two sets of tracks, filling fast with new snow but still clearly visible. They started at Steve’s own feet and led off in the direction of the Forbidden Forest.
“Um, well, okay, stay there.” Steve rushed over to Dummy, and when he returned, Tony could see that he’d affixed a Santa hat to the top of Dummy’s claw. Dummy whirred in delight at this new game, while Steve continued to look five seconds from passing out.
Tony, always loath to admit he doesn’t understand something, stares back silently. Rogers’ smile twitches into something distinctly smug, like he’s enjoying this opportunity to baffle Tony.
He was halfway to Charms before he remembered that Gryffindors had Herbology first thing, so then of course he’d been late to that as well.
“Of course, how could I ever forget,” he bites out. His hand is clenched around Tony’s. Not tightly enough to hurt. Even when he’s clearly furious – and not paying the slightest bit of attention to their clasped hands, Tony would put money on it – Rogers doesn’t use any more strength than a regular human would. “You’ve certainly never hid the fact that you think I’m an idiot.”
He’s desperately grateful that Pepper returns just then, lugging another color-coded binder that she’s titled
, I did exactly what I’d wanted to do before. I dove into the Potomac after him, but I never found— He was just
Later, after they’d developed the compound for the grappling hooks (suck it, wreaths!), and then tested the compound for the grappling hooks by exploding it all over the lab and emerging triumphantly with two major scientific breakthroughs – first, that the compound formed a natural rope that could hold even the Hulk, and two, that the compound should definitely not be aerosolized – Bruce said, as he was resetting the Days Without a Decontamination Shower count back to zero: “You should really get credit for these, too, Tony. I couldn’t have done it without you. Do you have a Christmas gift for Natasha? We could always split the grappling hooks.”
for creating this spell. For you and your, y’know...” Tony made a pair of fangs with his fingers. “…murder friend.”
“That’s actually a common misconception,” notes a voice from behind them. They both try to whirl around to face the newcomer, and then have to spend the next several moments untangling themselves from their own arms, all under the amused gaze of Stephen Strange.
Tony turns toward the nearest flat surface, which happens to be the table that Rogers had refused to let Tony clear last night. He also comes abruptly face-to-face with Rogers himself, who is watching Tony intently from his rolling perch.
“Well. You do,” he mumbled finally. “Why couldn’t we just…pretend? Until the spell wears off. If it’s anything like even the strongest Polyjuice, it’ll only be a few hours. So I’ll go up to Ravenclaw Tower, and you can sleep in Gryffindor, and at breakfast, we’ll reassess.”
, and soon, Rogers might even realize the full power of the weapon that’s just sitting in his arsenal.
“Um.” For the first time in Tony’s considerable memory, he sees Rogers falter in the face of an obstacle.
are important thoughts that he needs to communicate, preferably out loud, so that Tony will agree to kiss him some more. “I want to.”
Not to mention, he still did not have a gift for Steve, and he had approximately twenty minutes before that fact was revealed to everyone, including Steve, who had probably gotten him something thoughtful and perfect for Christmas, because Steve himself was thoughtful and also perfect, so it stood to reason.
When Steve had written Headmistress McGonagall to ask if his place at Hogwarts – inherited from his parents – was still available, he’d had some strange idea that it would bring him closer to them. New York hadn’t felt like home without his mother in it, and he’d thought Hogwarts might.
So Tony was now at the point where all he could do is wait for the situation to resolve itself, one way or another. And since Tony was spectacularly awful at waiting, as a rule, he was instead passing the time before Christmas Day by dismantling something festive in the TV room.
“No, you called me because I can do this—" Tony taps a few computer keys, and the faint blaring of an alarm from Rogers’ side of the call goes abruptly silent. “And this—" he taps a few more with a flourish, and he doesn’t have to
“You’re also Rogers, yeah. Sorry.” A strange expression flashed across Rogers’ face, but Tony was too busy working himself into a panic to parse it.
The secret reason that Steve agreed to help Stark, however, was simple curiosity. Stark’s immediate instinct to protect Banner seemed to defy everything else Steve knew about him – namely, his casual disregard for the safety and wellbeing of others, and the way he’d always seemed to prioritize his own entertainment above anything else. So Steve had wondered if maybe there was more to Stark than met the eye.
“Oh really?” said Clint. “I hadn’t noticed.” He winked at Tony from where he was sprawled across three desks, which he’d pushed together to make a kind of scholastic chaise longue.
Steve had waylaid him just before lunch, dragging him behind a suit of armor to have a whispered argument about what to do about the spell next. Stark had promised to work on it during the gap in Steve’s afternoon schedule (Stark had been a model student, if a bit subdued, ever since the debacle in Potions the day before).
“You couldn’t have given your Arithmancy notes to another Gryffindor girl to bring up?” he’d pointed out, and Tony had insisted that he
“Okay, so head’s up, when we get back to the compound, we’re staying in bed for a week. That’s the plan, it’s an inspired plan, and any budding supervillians will just have to learn to play with the B Team until I get tired of eating all my meals off your body. I’ve already put in an order with FRIDAY – we’re talking
Tony pans his tablet camera from his own face, down to his and Rogers’ still-joined hands, and then over to Rogers, perched cross-legged on the rolling chair with his book in his other hand. Rogers gives Pepper an apologetic smile and waves the book at her in greeting.
She snapped out an unfamiliar spell and flicked her wand, and Steve was slammed back into his own body with the force of a Bludger. He’d been uncomfortable before, but it was nothing compared to the odd stretched-out feeling of returning to a body that no longer seemed to fit him. Steve knew his body couldn’t have changed that much in the past few weeks, which meant that it must’ve been Steve himself who’d changed. It was momentarily strange, but Steve thought he could get used to it.
And yep, the bafflement is gone; it’s just pure anger in Rogers’ expression now. His blue eyes are perhaps the iciest Tony has ever seen them.
Steve slants him a wry look, to which Tony replies: “I confess, I liberated some SHIELD files. Is that what you want to hear?”
to having Captain America as my bathroom buddy,” Tony grumbles, the thirty-fourth time Rogers elbows him in the side while brushing his teeth.
There’s a sound outside – an achingly familiar one – and Steve stumbles out the door of their safe house to see Iron Man alighting on the front lawn, his helmet already retracting. Tony’s face looks thinner and too pale, and his dark curls are wilder than usual, but Steve could draw the shape of that grin in his sleep.
“You let Happy pack it up and bring it here,” Rogers points out, far too astutely for Tony’s liking.
“Okay,” Tony started, once he’d confirmed that the ward was holding. He felt restless, jittery in the way he always did before trying out a spell he’d invented. He found himself pacing around the clearing, double-checking the ward again. “So this is a tricky bit of Transfiguration, but in
“I know that. So?” Tony said slowly, wishing desperately that he’d spent more time studying his expressions in a mirror, just so he’d have some clue what Rogers was thinking.
“Maybe he’s finally taking his education seriously,” Tony tried. “Seventh year can do that to you, you know. It’s like an existential crisis where you wake up one day and realize you’re—“
questionable, no wonder Damian never had a company worth investing in), that somehow everything will get smoothed over between them. Tony has responded by turning “avoiding Damian Grey at social events” into an art form. It’s just his luck that tonight, he’s too distracted by making Steve laugh to notice Damian before his hand is clamping down too tight on Tony’s bicep, and Steve is stiffening like someone just insulted the Dodgers.
It was just math, he decided, as he absent-mindedly soldered Christmas lights to what used to be a StarkPhone. Everything was just math, once you made the math complex enough. And although Steve Rogers was, without a doubt, the
“Thanks so much for that vote of confidence, Potts,” is what he says instead. “Now if you’ll excuse us, we have some very urgent spell-breaking to get back to. Especially now that we’re on a time limit.”
Tony had a vague memory of Natasha turning up the volume on the TV higher and higher, which of course only forced Tony and Bruce to talk louder. You’d think a super-spy trained in manipulation would’ve anticipated that outcome.
“It was a cash-free restaurant! Can you believe that? Imagine being kicked out of a restaurant just because you don’t have a credit card! And as more things go cashless, it’ll just get easier to track people through their purchases—”
“Well. Good,” Tony retorted, slightly annoyed that he’d been forced to experience so many feelings for no reason, and all before 9am.
Steve stares at the ceiling in an echo of the position that Tony had woken up to find him in last night, and Tony wonders if Steve had been having a nightmare then as well.
, “but I think our best bet for preventing mass chaos and plummeting SI stocks is to, uh…roll with it?”
. Tony and Rogers’ mutual dislike was well-known, and everyone was clearly hoping for a bit of gossip to brighten up the morning.
“Do you want to try to sleep more?” Tony offers, and curses himself when Steve’s smile promptly disappears.
“Thought you weren’t willing to let me drag you around your apartment?” Tony points out. Rogers just shrugs.
“Okay, well, if you’re sure,” Tony says slowly. He turns back to Pepper, already mentally working through the logistics. “We can’t appear in public, obviously, what with the supernatural leash we’re both on. We seem
familiar with Rogers’ brand of uncompromising, no-excuses punishment. And Rogers had always made it perfectly clear that he thought Tony was not only arrogant and destructive (which, to be fair, he
The six of them had retired to their abandoned Transfiguration classroom after Christmas dinner in the Great Hall, where they’d already devoured a shocking amount of food, and now, judging by the cairn of smuggled sweets currently being constructed on the classroom floor, they seemed set to consume half as much again.
talk when Tony returns from MIT. That this is Steve’s best chance to repair things, and he’s about to lose it. But how could he push Tony for anything right now?
He sat up again with a look of conviction on his face, “Fri, cancel the plane tomorrow,  and the reservations. While you’re at it send out invites to everyone for Christmas Eve, make it fun and festive.”
His fiancée blinked at him, Steve let him work it out patiently staring at the far end of the workshop. He understood what Anthony was saying but he didn’t need to worry, he had faith this was the real thing, but he would never dream of taking Anthony’s money.
Luckily the Colonel was laughing as well still shaking his head, “No one would dare deny the Winter Soldier.”
“You ok Steve?” Tony was frowning at him in concern, nodding Steve pushed the pictures away. He was seeing more of them…coming with more frequency of late. He still had no idea what they were, it was if he was seeing another life.
“Better?” Tony asked studying blue eyes, they had a little more light in them. Steve nodded jerkily, as Tony gently brushed matted hair from his face.
“Sergeant Rogers, a pleasure to see you again,” T’Challa greeted the large man with a genuine smile.
Tony froze mid-step, coffee cup tumbling from nerveless fingers as he stared in disbelief at the man on the bed, bright blue eyes blinking at him sluggishly.
“Drink up friends!” Thor was trying to press a beer in his hand, Steve accepted it politely before passing it over to Buck.
Tony unable to help but smiled, some of the guilt easing; surely they’d keep each other out of trouble right?
Tony returned it as he settled back closing his eyes, the jet lag was creeping in as he dozed lightly not really realizing how much time had passed until Pep was gently waking him.
Curiously she slid it open, feeling a grin creep across her face as she read the message attached to the picture.
Steve felt his lips twitch as he crouched carefully jumping from one train car to the next. For once Bucky didn’t give them trouble for chatting over the comm.
Pepper circled another when her phone vibrated on the table, absently she picked up glancing at the message, smiling when she saw it was Jim.
“Incoming,” Clint warned ahead of them, as faceless goons joined them on the roof of the cars cutting off Himself, Clint, and Buck from each other.
Steve navigated the crowed, politely nodding when he was stopped and offered congratulations. Reaching the bar, he returned their empty glasses ordering Anthony another while accepting a couple of appetizers from the trays as they moved by.
Tony turned to the screen, the other settling in to watch as well. The picture fuzzed for a  moment before Peter’s eager face appeared on the screen.
He glanced at himself, smoothing his hands over the light beige slacks, and crisp white shirt. They were keeping it simple, cool and light for the beach ceremony, not getting overly fussed with what they were wearing.
Wong moved aside waving them in, Steve slowly stepped inside the oppressive feeling building. He had been a few times, but it wasn't his favourite place to visit, the air felt oddly thick and heavy.
Steve stood moving to the little board and marker on the wall near the fridge. It was covered in notes; random thoughts and equations from Bruce and Anthony, Buck’s neat message about needing more milk, and Clint’s ranking of
Undecided he glanced around the oversized closet, most of it was Anthony’s everything neatly organized. He had a smaller section, slowly growing, but usually only when Anthony bought him something. He spotted his leather jacket hanging innocently on the door, one of the few things he’d actually bought for himself. Something about it at the time had appealed to him, now as he stared at it, the spark of an idea took root in his head; he blinked in surprise.
theme was iconic in Tony’s opinion. Rounding the corner he entered the room spotting Clint sprawled out on his favourite lounger popcorn in his lap as he yelled at Jamie Lee Curtis not to go in there. On the couch, an amused looking Sam was dividing his attention between a creeped out looking Bucky, and Michael Myers.
“Let me take a look at your head,” he said softly before those strong hands moved to his hair. He heard Tony hiss in sympathy, “Can you rinse?”
His plans though…his thougt of the ring in his pocket. The black silicone band he’s had personalized, and ready to go just for tonight.
The name echoed in his head, a horse rasp, the voice unfamiliar. Steve blinked limbs trembling again, what was going on?
Tony’s quick reflexes kept him from face planting into the bed, pulling him back up and into his lap pressing even deeper; making both of them moan. Steve leaned back into his warm chest, well-muscled arms around him pulling him close as those rough hands ran up and down his still shaking thighs soothingly.
He hung up and Steve shrugged adding ‘costume’ to the message on the wall, hoping he would be able to remember to relay the message.
Tony watched as Steve’s lips curled back and he bared his teeth in his best approximation of a smile, “This...”
Despite Bucky’s fussing about the weather, there had been no rain, and everything had gone perfectly.
Tony looked up from his paperwork as the rustling at the far side of the lab finally grabbed his attention. Curious he watched his fiancée fuss around setting up an easel on a drop cloth before setting a canvas on it. More than happy to put the boring paperwork off for a bit he wandered over to where the big man sat staring at the empty canvas.
Tony nearly choked on his drink staring at the back of the unknown person’s head. This whole night seemed rather surreal. Everyone was in love with Steve's work, the gallery owner had been beside herself pulling Steve all over to meet apparently, anyone whose anyone in the New York art scene.
Steve pressed a kiss to his boyfriend's temple, he knew his mind wasn't what it'd once been but it didn't take a rocket scientist to understand. If it’s what Tony wanted, then that was more than fine with him.
“Yes,” Steve answered, and Tony made a soft sound of understanding, May must have called over asking if he’d keep Peter company.
Anthony’s eyes snapped to him blinking in surprise, “But…but…it's…Steve, it's like saying I don't trust you, and I have no faith in our marriage,” he blinked rapidly looking like he was holding back tears.
“Intel says a convoy rolled in three days ago, and no one’s left sense,” Sam all but yelled to be heard over the wind.
Tony was very proud of his husband to be, he just felt terrible that he didn’t really understand his art.
Shaking his head, Tony glanced down at the menu as well, the place was some small, modern little bar near the hotel they were staying at in London; and the prices were outrageous. He barely looked though too busy focused on the bend and flex of muscles as under that shirt.
“Let’s get you someplace warm,” he rasped heading towards the tower. Hoping that perhaps Anthony would let him keep the little kitten.
“God you feel so good,” Tony whimpered before he shifted his hips, eyes open but unseeing as his mouth fell open and he moved again.
He woke sweat-soaked and suddenly. Blinking blue eyes, his mind moved sluggishly through the haze of sleep and nightmares. He took deep breaths, his heart slowly returning to a more regular rhythm as he oriented himself.
"Oh!" the dark-haired man stood coming towards them smiling wildly "Nice to meet you, Steve I've heard a lot about you, I’m James.”
Navigating Bourbon Street they were just thinking about lunch when Wanda spotted something that made her freeze.
Sipping his coffee he leaned into his boyfriend content to just be, he glanced at the others before turning back to Tony, dark hair tousled about his head, snug white tee, and dark sweats, haloed in the morning light. It was comfortable and homey…domestic…a sudden thought intruded, tender and desperate could he really have this?
Steve dodged out of the way of the crackle of green electricity that chased across the ground towards him. The women laughed shrilly voice rising and falling as she spoke some sort of incompressible gibberish. It sounded like English, but he couldn’t make heads or tails of it.
“Heya Pep,” he said with an absent wave, he had a lot to do in five days if he was going to get this Christmas party together.
“Here boss,” Happy called from the front, and Tony pocketed his phone as he shuffled out of the car. Eager to see his boyfriend, and apparently, their new cat.
Steve shrugged and they all slid a few feet forward as the train seemed to be finally, grinding to a stop.
He moved to the motorcycle, Tony recognized Buck’s ride, but as Steve threw a leg over it and turned to him Tony couldn’t help but catch his breath; Steve looked a hell of a lot better on that bike then Buck did.
Surprised he glanced at the big blonde, eyebrows raising as he nodded in agreement, “I know you are from a different time, but a simple phone call…”
Anthony frowned, “Keep going,” he encouraged as he opened his dress pants. Steve moved back a little from the screen so Anthony could see all he wore was loose-fitting sweats.
Surprised he finally noticed the other, a young man looking him with a wide eager smile. Bruce returned the smile sticking his hand for the youth to shake eagerly, “My name Peter Parker, you're in my textbook."
He hit the ground with a thud rolling a little as the wind was knocked from him. Grunting he slowly sat upright as the train disappearing down the track.
Anthony was looking at him with a warm smile and a rather sultry look in his eye. Steve raised an eyebrow at him, Anthony winked.
Steve leaned forward resting their foreheads together, "I can't imagine a life worth living without you."
Slowly Steve began to move uncurling, as dull blues eyes blinking sluggishly open. Tony waited to move his hands to work at his neck.
“You guys are disgustingly cute, you know, that right?” Clint walked by them rolling his eyes but smiling all the same.
Strange had said he’d been trapped in his own subconscious mind. Almost like he was living out a fantasy of sorts…it had been an odd fantasy. Strange had asked, but Anthony had butted in looking terrified, saving Steve from answering. He had been grateful…he didn’t want to share with anyone but his husband.
Steve didn’t have a whole lot of prior experience when it came to sex and none that was particularly memorable. At that moment though he wanted Tony so bad it was an almost physical ache, despite the small fission of fear that nagged at the back of his mind that Tony would be disappointed with him…
“No,” Tony said firmly, “You are the strongest person I know Steven. We all have bad days’ love, you’re allowed too. My wish for you is to only have good days’ love, but you have nothing to apologize for.”
Anthony was facing away from him, trying his best to placate the press as Steve strode up pleased when they’d pulled back looking more than a little fearful. It was good he still inspired a healthy dose of fear.
Tony’s heart ached, this was part of it as well. Steve apologizing and guilty when he had an episode.
The clean-up had started, thankfully the damage minimal, the women had appeared on the outskirts of Salem Mass; even he’d found that rather cliché. Emergency crews were arriving and Bucky was calling them in, rounding them up; mission completed.
As he watched a rather attractive dark-haired man chatted to the manager briefly before she was leading them in all smiles and flushed cheeks. Steve frowned as the group settled the bar, unsure what was going on.
He was just reaching for his clothes when the curtain to the change room was ripped aside and the shop assistant was there staring at him. Tony blinked, “Is somth-” he began but the man was lunging at him with an unmistakable hunger in his eye.
“I miss you too,” Steve’s tone was warm, soft, and everything Tony needed. It heated his chest and made his heart stutter.
Steve looked up at him chest tight as he watched the smaller man moan and wither, beg and plead. He was flushed with sex and his hair was a mess, but it was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen.
Wincing he mumbled an apology, before trying to go around him. Only the unknown figure caught his arm, holding him in place. Frowning he looked up at the man, trying to pull his arm away when suddenly pain exploded in the back of his head and darkness followed.
Groaning he sank into him closing his eyes, some of the horribleness of the last couple of days bleeding from him.
Tony groaned covering his eyes and leaning back, he looked back at the picture again feeling as if his heart might explode.
Anthony ground down once more as his body spasmed in pleasure, pulling Steve right along with him. With a grunt he was spilling inside, his orgasm hitting him with sweet surrender.
Tony felt a smile tremble on his lips, “It’s ok, I miss you though,” he admitted as he closed his eyes and sighed heavily.
Parking the bike back in the garage at the compound he let Anthony slide off before he killed the engine and popped the kickstand down. He was barely off the bike, when Anthony was immediately in his space pressing close, hands moving across his hips towards his ass, sliding smoothly across the leather. Steve hummed, ruined vocal cords vibrating as Anthony pressed a kiss to the hollow of his throat.
He had actually been hoping to take Steve out tonight for Halloween. It was their first together and he figured Steve, even if he could remember, wouldn’t recall any prior Halloweens. Pepper was having a big Halloween shindig at SI and the idea of dressing up his boyfriend in something tight and form-fitting while he paraded him around, had appealed to him.
The noise hit him like a wall, Tony gently guiding him into a large entertainment room. Steve had only ever been to Tony's penthouse, he'd never been to the areas with the others. It was oddly jarring to see the fabled Avengers sitting around looking…so regular.
Dinner had turned into a gathering to watch a movie, Strange stopping by to check on him, Steve patiently allowing the man to do what he wanted.
“I’m gonna have to go now Rhodey," he said mind already spinning. He could still hear the man laughing as he hung up the phone.
He nodded exhaling shakily, Tony smiled at him settling closer in the booth. Steve looked down at his inhaler cheeks heating.
He sighed, there was really no need to worry, Steve was more than capable of looking after himself, and he was with Peter no doubt the kid was getting him caught up on movies and pop culture. Not that Steve needed any encouragement, he was starting to make Tony feel old.
"Ok, love you," Steve replied, Tony, grinning as he tried to picture the face Peter was no doubt making, and his nose crinkled as he smiled.
Peter was still picking his jaw off the floor, “ Yes! I mean I’m on holidays but I didn’t have plans, is there a mission?”
Sitting on the edge of it he felt one warm hand, and one cool metal one lifting his shirt. Automatically he lifted his arms, before reaching for his sweats. Gentle fingers stalled his movements, Steve shaking his head gently before he was crawling onto the bed, lifting Tony with him. Unsure but trusting Steve implicitly he allowed himself be arranged, Steve sat against the headboard legs outstretched, Tony between them head resting against a powerful thigh.
He whimpered again, Tony settling his had firmly against his skin as Steve moved his hips slowly, grinding down.
Carol idly poked at a spongey tree, watching curiously as it moved, then giggled. Around her feet, small little balls of fur hummed and squeaked in a bid to get her attention. She had thought the planet was deserted but apparently, it was infested with these odd little fuzzballs.
He must have blacked out for a few moments because when he came to there was yelling in his ear and his left shoulder was screaming at him. Groaning he tried to refocus, they’d been fighting, he’d been on a far building, trying to get down before it started to collapse.
Steve followed curiously, the party seemed different than the ones before. It was louder, energetic, usually these things where…quieter?  These people looked to be thoroughly enjoying themselves.
Steve slowed his stride a bit as he grunted in acknowledgment checking the numbers on the houses as they moved along.
“Are you ok?” he asked realizing how stupid the question was, he could tell just by looking at him he wasn’t...
“I mean I know he’s super busy, but I may be told some people he was coming…I mean I know they don't believe me, but I guess I just sort of hoping…" he trailed off and Steve felt a twinge in his chest, a faint memory skittering across his mind; a young bullied blonde kid.
It was almost comical the way the ex-assassin looked completely disarmed by the simple show of gratitude. He awkwardly returned the hug before Peter was pulling away from his grin somewhat watery.
Steve gently nudged the youth gesturing him forward, Peter shook his head. Steve sighed taking the cup of punch from Peter’s hands he pushed him gently towards Anthony. He looked terrified.
“Come on Italy, full of history, wine, romance…” Rhodey trailed off as the others started talking over each other offering their opinions of where they should go.
"Change of plan Ms. Potts," Tony pulled up the screen on his desk, tapping away, "We're going to have a Christmas Eve party instead.”
Tony hummed moving his mouth lower down his neck, sucking a bruise that wouldn’t last on his throat.
It was an ill-kept secret among the people that knew him well. Tony didn't mind though it was the one time of year those people close to him let him get away with spoiling them. It was also the only time he could be completely extra and no one said a word.
The god was jovial as he moved around the crowded space, passing out drinks. Peter was sandwiched on the couch with Korg playing
Steve felt his heart turn over in his chest a little, as he glanced at his boyfriend, Anthony giving him a wide, wistful smile. Unsure what the expression was for he puzzled it over as Anthony managed to expertly disperse the majority of the crowd. A few die-hard science students weren't deterred, however, eager to chat to the genius. Steve didn’t mind, automatically falling in behind his lover he was content to watch from the shadows.
“Stevie?” Cap asked again, smiling turning down a little in concern; something finally connected in his head.
The manger was beckoning him over, dutifully he moved to the end of the bar as she hissed at him, keeping her voice low.
Bucky punched another sending him back down between the cards before turning. He blinked, then blinked again just to make sure he wasn't seeing things.
“Sir, if you need, my gym bag has some clothing,” the women pointed to the abandoned bag by the window he’d unceremoniously been thrown through. He nodded in thanks moving towards it, unzipping the gym bag he spotted a pair of shorts. They were a rather aggressive neon pink but that didn’t bother him. Quickly he tugged them on covering up, he wasn't that fussed about his nudity, but Anthony was a little territorial when it came to him, ‘advertising the goods' as he explained it.
“Oh, my god,” he heard Clint comment, the archer was at their back making sure no one came at them from behind as they cleared the cars forward.
Steve hummed drawing Tony back to his chest for a sweet kiss as the shower heated up, “Love you, Merry Christmas.”
“I mean I know Steve wouldn’t…you know…” Tony sighed looking down at the table, idly playing with his silverware.
“Not Steve, he’s fine as far as I know,” Rhodes assured him but Tony was already reading the current scroll of news.
"Yes ma'am leaving December 20, and won’t be back until January 7, do not disturb,” he wiggled his eyebrows at her suggestively already looking at men’s swimsuits, completely forgetting he was supposed to be signing something when he clicked on G-string backed bikini briefs for men.
Tony hid his grin against the warm neck feeing the pleasant rasp of Steve’s stubble. He knew Steve was right he was overthinking, leaning back he found those lips that turned his mind to mush allowing Steve to carry him to bed.
His phone pinged drawing him from his thoughts, glancing down he saw Barton’s name. Curious he unlocked it.
Steve did, watching attentively as Anthony grabbed the lube from the bedside table, with a wicked smile he was back, kissing a trail across his abdomen before once more lavishing attention where Steve wanted it the most. Huffing he did his best to stand still, his restraint sorely tested as Anthony flicked open the lube, smearing his fingers before his hand moved behind him, beginning to work himself open.
Steve watched him, saw the minute tick of muscle in his jaw, the deep lines around his mouth. He was clearly done with all of them. Steve listened as he explained what had happened, feeling anger roll through him. Whoever the hell this person was that had tried something, they better hope Steve didn’t get ahold of him.
Laughing Pepper stepped away moving to Rhodey, the other pulling her into an embrace. Tony looked around the room again, everyone was there….all of them…
"Oh right there, right there…" he shifted squeezing him tighter, and Steve clenched his jaw grimly holding on wanting to make it good.
It was fine, totally fine he'd see him, Christmas Eve, they'd have a nice quiet night together, and then they'd be off on a much-needed vacation somewhere warm.
Tony nodded, gently pressing another kiss to his fiancée’s forehead he disengaged reluctantly. “I’ll be right back you need some water love,” he explained, pressing a kiss to the big palm before he stood quickly grabbing the bottle and hurrying back to Steve’s side.
Moving briskly towards him he felt his steps falter as he got closer to the familiar figure, Tony had been coming into the pub he worked at for almost a month now and he hadn’t ever seen him in anything other than an extremely nice suit, looking perfectly composed. Today though…he looked, well he looked terrible.
Anthony blinked at him, a stray tear running down his temple, Steve caught it with his thumb. He wished at that moment he could explain himself better, to tell Anthony just how humbling it was that this wonderful incredible man loved him despite everything. Steve knew he was a wreck, somedays he couldn’t get out of bed, but Anthony loved him, accepted him flaws and all; the good and bad.
Steve tried not to blink too much but the camera flashes didn’t let up. He moved closer to Anthony fingers tangled together, as he fiancée stood before the plethora of microphones.
Steve sipped his coffee as he watched, frowning…something nagging at the back of his mind as he watched the red and gold armour wave.
“I break Twitter all the time,” he boasted, well maybe not him personally but usually SI announcements did the job.
Peter went back to his wall staring, only half listening as a distinctly masculine voice spoke, he didn’t recognize it right away. Curious he up turning just as May called out.
Dazed he slumped back into Tony, boneless and spent, “Shit yes, fuck you feel good, so tight…so small…”
Steve watched curiously as he grabbed his phone glaring at the screen before his eyebrows went up and he was looking back at the screen with amusement and exasperation.
Steve carefully placed the chicken soup on the tray, Bucky had told him the recipe claiming his mom had often made it for him. He swore it was a cure-all and Steve hoped Anthony would be able to keep it down.
Tony was calling him but the pain was welling up, he knew…he knew he wasn't…Tony was handsome and confident…perfect and he was…
They paused before one of his larger canvases, a riot of reds, golds, and an intriguing movement of blue throughout.
Steve hummed as he felt strong hands gently messaging his scalp. It was tempting, really tempting…but it was important to Tony, he’d been eager to have him meet his friends.
In an idiotic idea on behalf of Hydra, they had decided to try and move some rather dangerous weapons across country, undetected. They had thought the best way to go about it was to do it via train.
Ignoring his protesting body he headed to the small bathroom, mind trying to recall the dream. Bits and pieces filtering in, but most of it dissipating with the steam of his shower. Irritated he got ready for the day, tugging on jeans and a t-shirt over his skinny frame before running a quick brush through short blonde hair. Pausing before the mirror he squinted at his gaunt reflection, wide blue eyes glared back at him, his mouth a firm, unsmiling line.
“What would you like? I want to make you feel good sweetheart,” Steve felt more than heard the question mumbled against his skin.
“Oh honey,” Tony groaned in his ear, and Steve moved again, the burn had faded, and a sweet ache was back. He wanted more…he was moving in earnest than his flagging erection reawakening.
Hurrying away he took the drink order, sure he felt those dark eyes on him, almost like a caress. The rush had started and Steve was kept busy making drinks, he had been sure the man would get bored and leave, but every time he turned around he was there, dark eyes watching, small smile about his lips as he nursed his glass.
His night was like any other, as he focused on his work, his arm still bothered him but he did his best to ignore it, focusing on making sure he understood the orders. The noise of the bar played hell with his hearing aid and he was often forced to read the lips of the patrons.
Steve hummed in agreement, finding Peter and Harley animatedly talking about something, Riri and Kamila twirled about each other in the sand. Rhodes and Carol laughing by the bar, all smiles.
“Ok,” he groaned, a little winded and dazed, being hurled through a store was tough on even a super-soldier. Anthony heaved a sigh of relief, while Steve tugging his mask off taking a moment to collect himself. He was a little battered, little warm, but nothing….he trailed off sniffing the air, what the hell was that smell?
Steve didn’t drink himself, couldn’t remember ever having drank…just the thought of it turned his stomach, but he didn't mind working the bar. People didn’t care if their bartender said anything as long as the drinks kept coming. With practiced movements, he had the bar set up and ready just as the first of the after-work crowd wandered in looking for elaborate cocktails.
Alone once more Steve suddenly realized that he was on a date…a date he was expected to talk to. He felt panic rise in his chest, he wasn’t good with talking…with being social…with dating…people didn’t like him…he wasn’t anyone special.
Tony grumbled running an irritated hand through his hair, "I better call Steve, let him know…" he sighed, damn it this was not how he envisioned his first Christmas with Steve going.
Steve grunted in agreement, Tony wrapping his arms around his boyfriend, completely ignoring the protests of Buck and Sam. It wasn’t the Halloween he’d been planning, but it’d all turned out in the end.
“What!” Tony yelped, at which point their professor asked them in exasperation to please share their insights on Wound Cleaning with the whole class.
“Actually—“ Steve blurts out, before pressing his lips into a tense line. “Never mind. Coffee is a great idea.”
He hits a speed dial number on his phone, and feels some combination of stupid and nauseated when it
Of course, Steve ignores Pepper’s meticulously written, polite non-answer in favor of saying flatly: “Well, I asked him out, and I was lucky enough that he said yes. Why, how do
Steve frowns. He’d been expecting at least ten obscure cultural references and innuendos right off the bat, and had certainly
“Well, I promised you that I wouldn’t let you get caught by McGonagall. I didn’t exactly keep that promise, did I?” Steve had worked this explanation out on Day Three, and he was rather proud of the reasoning behind it.
And then Rogers heaves the kind of long-suffering sigh that would be more appropriate coming from a teenager. Tony stares at him in shock. He can barely believe Rogers had acted like a teenager when he
Right. Tony had never totally figured out how Sam Wilson had gotten tangled up with Rogers during the whole HYDRA debacle, but he’s kept enough of an eye on SHIELD over the years to know that Wilson had been aggressively recruited by SHIELD soon after. As far as Tony can tell, Fury trusts him now almost as much as he does Maria Hill.
Tony had made the mistake of sleeping with him once, years ago, and then had made the further mistake of not realizing that Damian expected Tony to pay him back for that blowjob with an investment in his new company.
The sleeping thing hadn’t been the reason they’d broken up, of course. After the Battle of New York, it had suddenly felt like every asshole who could sew a mask and a cape was calling himself a supervillain, and there hadn’t been anyone else Tony could call to help deal with them. Everything had to take a back seat to Iron Man, including Pepper. They’d both understood, even if it had hurt at the time.
?” Tony interrupts sharply, and Steve can almost hear the servos of Tony’s brain whirring into life. “Steve. What do you actually remember?”
something nonsensical, and Steve was left alone to do whatever he liked. After spending one single day as Tony Stark, Steve had felt more invisible than he’d
“Well, I have an IQ of 205 and a SHIELD file with “keep out of reach of children” stamped in big red letters on the cover. I’m kind of a special case. Seriously, Cap. As much as it pains me to quash anyone’s teenage rebellion, I think we need you there to keep an eye on things. You might be the only one who can.”
“Can’t,” Tony lies. “Did you sleep at all? Is this whole thing—“ he tugs at Rogers’ hand “—keeping you up?”
HYDRA’s security protocols resetting to know that they are. “And also this—" a last flourish with the keyboard, and Tony would give almost anything to see Rogers’ face right now, as a hidden door swings open right beside him. Not hidden enough from Tony, once he started poking around in the guts of HYDRA’s system “But you gotta admit, the jokes did keep you busy long enough for me to get some actual work done.”
Clint it made tactical sense to keep the phone so close while he slept, and now he’s being proven right. It definitely had nothing to do with the strange tendrils of anxiety that keep him awake unless he can feel the phone with his own hands.
Everyone else’d had years to get to know each other, years that Steve had spent across an ocean, being tutored in magic by his mother.
A tiny bolt of electricity sparked off Thor’s fingertips and arced toward the goat display, which lit up brilliantly with red, blue, yellow, and green light.
“I hated being a soldier,” Steve finally blurts out, and waits for Tony’s inevitable shock and horror. But Tony just hums lightly under his breath and waits. Steve considers that maybe the only person that admission had shocked had been himself.
Clint scowled from his spot on the floor, where he was building a surprisingly accurate scale model of Hogwarts out of Chocolate Frogs. “I still don’t see why you
Romanoff shrugged. She’d gone very quickly from threats to offers of help, Tony reflected. Maybe to Slytherins, mutually assured blackmail was some sort of declaration of undying friendship.
Bruce frowned and peered through the moonlight at Tony’s face, as though some incriminating evidence would be written there. “Tony, I know all this already – are you having second thoughts or something? Because we can always wait…”
The last half of Christmas vacation was not nearly so fun as the first half. Thor, of course, was a newly friendly presence in Gryffindor Tower. He could always be relied upon to challenge Steve to a game of Exploding Snap or suggest that they go outside to throw snowballs. And Clint and Natasha still sat with him at mealtimes – which Steve
“It’s fine,” Tony says, and it’s so tremendously unconvincing that Steve can feel his own heart breaking from the sound of it.
Behind him, representatives from other nations waited nervously inside a meeting tent some hours away from the capitol.
They could go around to the other side of the building, find some more emergency staircases. There were multiple ones on all sides for safety reasons. It might give HYDRA some more openings to attack them, but this high up? They couldn’t just jump out of a window and stick a landing. Or even onto one of those giant inflatable landing pads.
Tony guides Steve through a few easy, swaying turns. Luckily, it’s Tony’s left hand that’s holding Steve’s right, which puts him in the correct position to lead a dance. Steve gets the hang of it as quickly as Tony knew he would, but he’s looking at Tony with such delight, like Tony’s managed some sort of miracle, rather than just reminded Steve that he already knows how to walk in time to music.
Steve opened his eyes. The two sets of footprints were still there. One had a short, neat stride – indentations sunk at precise intervals into the snow – while the other was more like two jagged lines, as though their creator had been dragging their feet the whole way. Steve sighed, cast a Warming Charm on himself to forestall the shiver he could already feel at being outside in just his school robes, and followed them.
“Aw, they’re not so bad,” Tony said cheerfully, and Bruce stared at him in such shock that he tripped over an exposed tree root and went sprawling into a snowdrift. And then proceeded to just lie there.
He can count on one hand the number of people who have seen these scars, even though they’re not – shouldn’t be – a big deal. But
, and I didn’t recognize him. Until. The helicarrier was coming apart around us, and we were right at the edge, and his mask slipped. I think…it must have surprised him, because he lost his balance, and. He fell.” Steve’s voice wavers on the word, and Tony suddenly wants more than
“Can’t you just fucking—” Tony’s voice cracks, and it’s like all the kinetic energy drains right out of it. “Can you just…answer the question? Just this one—this one question?”
“Give me a little credit for self-preservation,” Steve retorts dryly, which only makes Tony start laughing again. Steve pouts and sinks lower into his seat. He doesn’t feel at all guilty when Tony’s shin gets kicked in the process.
. He’d been expecting Rogers to roll his eyes, or possibly, depending on how “40s” he was feeling this early in the morning, get defensive and angry. What Tony had categorically
His next words are muffled by the fabric of Tony’s worn T-shirt. “Had some before I left, but might’ve…miscalculated. Forgot how it worked, 's been so long.”
Tony hovered off to the side while Steve composed his letter. He was studying the owls on their shelves behind the desk with an intensity that made it clear he was trying awkwardly to give Steve some privacy.
If Tony can’t sleep tonight, he won’t be able to do either of those things, will he? He’ll just have to lie there quietly and let his mind tear itself apart.
“Shut up,” Steve mumbles, glancing up apprehensively at his server, who stares back with narrowed eyes.
“Not to mention?” Sam adds, now ignoring Steve entirely. “Cheating some dudes out of their money with trickery and superior force is pretty much the
Tony squints and tilts his head. The man actually looks vaguely familiar. Hm. Tony doesn’t think he’s a former SHIELD agent, and the man doesn’t
“…Oh. Well. Alright.” Steve can’t tell if he should be grateful or tremendously hurt by the easy way that Tony dismisses what was presumably a very heartfelt confession of Steve's feelings for him. Especially considering that Tony is usually so unwilling to drop an issue, he'd once monologued for forty-five minutes about all the scientific inconsistencies in
Instead, he’d been doing what he usually did on Monday and Thursday nights: removing either snogging couples from empty classrooms, or mischievous first-years from the Trophy Room (and, on one horrific and
“What?” Tony glances up to find Steve’s face suddenly much closer than it had been an instant before, something like recklessness brightening his eyes and making his lips tilt up at the corners.
“He’s a wannabe Paracelsus who wouldn’t know a Philosopher’s Stone if someone chucked it at his head,” Tony corrected viciously, and Steve assumed this would have been a very cutting insult if he’d known what any of those things were. “Ooh, look Steve, it’s steak and kidney pie for dinner!”
“What am I supposed to—” Strange turned frantically to ask his cloak. “I don’t have the time to—oh! Yes, that might actually work!”
“Oh no, I suppose I’ll just have to give myself detention,” Steve retorted in a monotone. “I’m sure a nighttime patrol with the Head Boy will teach me a valuable lesson.”
“I’m an adult, I can wait,” Bruce said, already tearing at the wrapping paper. “Ooh, a centrifuge! Is this the one—”
“Gotta call you back, Cap. I’ve been invaded,” Tony announces, and lets his chair drift around to face the stranger, slow and easy to distract from the sharp flicks of his wrist that will call up his Iron Man suit.
“What?” Rogers asks distantly as his eyes dart around the workshop, scanning for threats. Tony tugs at his hand meaningfully.
I missed you.” Tony suddenly sounds exhausted. Steve turns his head. Tony’s eyes are closed, and the smudges underneath might be shadows or might be a result of too many sleepless nights. Steve doesn’t need to be a genius to know which is the more likely option. But Tony’s mouth is soft and relaxed – parted a bit as he breathes steadily – and Steve thinks that’s a start. He reaches out to brush against Tony’s fingers with his own, and Tony’s lips tilt up into a smile.
