bordered on the absurd.
He shook his head rapidly. He could never eat John.
They were still holding hands.
John fully intended to find his way back to the Citadel. He’d check to make sure his friends were okay. God, he’d even pulled poor Mike from his data analysis to join their medical salvage, and now he’d no idea if the cheerful man was even alive. The further he got from the room where he’d listened to the thoughtless beauty of S’s violin, the clearer his goal became. Get out. Return to the Citadel. Try to forget there was such a thing as a talking, texting, violin-playing corpse. Simple.
John had been having an absolutely
“I’m John. John Watson.”
He shook his head again and put his hand on his chest. “Mine.”
“No. Here.” S rolled his eyes and pointed to the bottom pane, broken like the others but with a circular spray of cracks leading out from a point on the edge of the glass. It looked oddly familiar.
John frowned at him. “Then how do you know? Maybe this place is your old stomping grounds.”
He needn’t have bothered. More dead were coming, and the living had bigger problems. The grey man, ‘Greg’ pulled away and responded in a low voice, “Ta, still kicking here, but we need to go, John.”
When the other man had finished, he nodded distractedly. The mission had undoubtedly been a dramatic failure, not accomplishing its goal and suffering heavy losses, but he had expected as much. It had been their first foray into the city in months, and every part of Old London was notoriously infected. But he had to try.
“So this is where you died?” When S just shrugged again, he rolled his eyes.
, had he been that now as he looked around, John realized they were approaching the city center. Or at least, what used to be the city center before the corpses began to lurk there.
) John his theories already.
“Sheldon? Shannon? Shiloh?”
Hoo boy, apologies, but my timeline changed...some things, and I inserted a new chapter in my current prewritten stuff. Nothing already posted has changed, but I had to make sure everything after that chapter still jived and...yeah. Here's a new chapter.
be any feeding. Not tonight.
He was almost to the window. The living were too focused on escaping to bother with him. He was all but free. But the short, interesting man’s continued presence ate at him. His fiancee was dead; “finding her” would not end well for anyone.
He shook his head and closed his eyes.
) tunnel and onto the stage by a being who, by definition, had no working heart, he wondered if maybe the old sayings were wrong. Even figuratively, this was a dead man he had known only a few days. S. He didn’t even know his name.
He groaned and turned to Mike, who once again gave a half-hearted smile. “I’m so sorry, Dr. Stamford, er, Mike,” he stumbled over the familiar address. This was John’s friend, not his, but they had both suffered the loss of a friend. “Thank you for your help. I’ve got to, erm, deal with something, but…” Again, he was at a loss. “Just...let me know if you want to talk, okay?”
edible.
He jolted from his spot on the ground. Someone was screaming in his ear.
He cleaned off his disguise as best he could and threw out what was left of Mary’s brain. Her last words had made one thing very clear.
An insistent pounding echoed from somewhere behind him. S’s eyes cut quickly toward the source of the sound before returning to John’s. “We need to go.”
“Oh, of course, sorry.” John felt like an idiot. “Do you remember it?” Headshake. Negative. “Should I guess again?”
Mycroft thought he might have heard Lestrade mutter, “What life?” as he moved into the room to take the seat, but he did not deem it worth pursuing.
the presence of a lone gunman outside one of the earlier attacks Before wasn’t a
He sat up. That was his own voice. Ringing in his head. It sounded...well, it sounded bored but more to the point, it was smooth and well-formed, displayed excellent elocution, rife with disdain and public school education. It was his voice...but not. It may as well have been the voice of a stranger for all he knew of the man who owned it.
John wondered, swaying slightly. The adrenaline from the chase had abated, leaving him weak and shaky. He definitely needed food. A simple tin of beans sounded heavenly, for God’s sake. But his makeshift knife from earlier was long gone, and he felt close to collapsing.
John eyed the other man, fingers still searching his neck for a wound. S had already admitted that he still ate...people. But when he’d said he wouldn’t eat John, well...John believed him.
Holmes confirmed her suspicions. “We have reason to believe the Citadel has new vulnerabilities to chemical warfare. The corpses are as numerous and resilient as ever, despite your repeated raids.” He glared at Mary, as if the continued existence of the zombified human race were her fault alone. “If the threat is growing stronger, we will need stronger methods with which to fight it. I have already informed Doctor Watson of my countermeasures and he has assured me that they can be achieved.”
The man sat stunned for a moment but seemed willing to accept the offering. Still, it seemed neither of them were going to fall asleep any time soon (
His hand flew to his aching neck. It was wet with blood. “Did you
“Yes.” The response was simple, and the dead man had yet to retreat from the two inches of space directly above his face.
At this, S nodded earnestly and turned to leave. John relaxed, but tensed when he heard the other man turn back. When he looked up, it was to the singular sight of S giving him two thumbs-up. John swallowed a smile and waved him on.
He gathered it up and stuffed it into the pockets of his great coat.
“How…?” John pointed wordlessly at the jagged rim of the container.
A lanky teen leaned out from behind Mary and thrust a wicked looking hunting knife nearly beneath his nose. “Right ‘ere, Doc,” he said in a cheerful voice completely at odds with his...well, his knife.
Regret and remonstrance were luxuries he could not afford at the moment, however. S hauled the doctor’s limp frame out of the shack, still snarling and snapping at the dead around him. They weren’t out of the woods yet. He still had to get John somewhere safe. He broke into a run, his dead muscles better acquainted with the activity since his panicked charge earlier.
John pounded on the door. It wasn’t so bad to get away from Zombie Cheekbones out there, but he was starting to get hungry. He turned around to survey his surroundings as his eyes began to adjust. He was holed up in what appeared to be a dressing room, complete with mirrors and make-up. There was a mini-fridge in the corner, but a quick check showed it had already been ransacked who knows how long ago.
dream. Something with warm bedsheets and loads of bare skin. It was an absolute tragedy when he was jolted awake by the demand--
may be able to see out there, but I don’t fancy being blindly pulled about by a madman in a coat.”
S was resettling the garment in question around his shoulders and did not even pause at the question. He just grinned and gave a pointed glance at his pockets as he directed his efforts to tugging the collar to a standing position.
He gestured to the dead around him. They were aimless now, but if they suspected food was right beneath their noses, well… He drew close to John. “Daaa...nnngggerouussss.”
The man himself had just looked up from the phone screen, a deep furrowed carved between his brows. “What--”
“Muuuurderrrrr!” He bellowed, spittle flying from his lips, eyes wide and deliberately wild. He could have sworn he felt blood pumping in his veins, a ghostly memory of adrenaline zinging through his system, but that was, of course, absurd. For now, he was content that the corpses seemed to be backing off.
The dead were mostly occupied with the fresh kills in the room, but some had noticed the even fresher living man crouched on the floor beside his late bride-to-be. Of course, the short man was not entirely defenseless: he still held a loaded weapon (clearly better at keeping track of bullets than his deceased girlfriend), but as he watched, ‘John’ seemed to cave in on himself, unwilling to fight back.
John pondered privately. Even thinking thus, however, his grip stayed firm. Last time he’d been separated from S was still fresh in his mind. They were better together. Just the two of them against the rest of the world.
S held up a finger to cut off his line of questioning. He refused to voice (text) his theories before thinking it through. And here was no place to do it.
He still suspected Morstan had been withholding information, but asking for more might have upset the careful balance he had struck. He’d been lucky enough to have not only a competent field agent capable of gathering intelligence but also her rather impressive fiance, whose medical expertise and war zone experience had made him a valuable member of The Citadel.
The scent was back. And close. Labcoat retreated into a corner closet with him and they waited.
He trailed the bloody digits up John’s arm, smearing across his throat and onto his face. It was, he supposed, objectively repulsive. Yet John just stared, mouth slack beneath his bloody palm.
, actually, the little voice in his head corrected. John smiled sleepily. Even with body exhausted and appetite sated, his blood still warmed at the thought of doing it all again. As he was about to drop off, the feeling of pale, dead eyes watching from the chair across from him brought only comfort.
Without dreams of his own, it was going to be a long night. He reached into his pocket and grabbed some of the brain he’d saved. He eyed John to make sure he was truly out. Time for a snack.
Difficult to say what at present. He had the feeling he was still working at a mere fraction of his full mental capacity. He would check the concession area within the atrium or, failing that, this was downtown London; there were a number of eateries within walking distance. Surely the kitchen of one of those fine establishments still contained
It was a haunting sort of place, he supposed, watching John take it all in. Empty and abandoned without warning, like most of London. But it used to contain music. The most glorious music and performances you ever heard, played by professionals on instruments made for just that purpose.
John’s flinch said differently. He looked toward the door. It seemed he was still harboring some misgivings about following a dead man.
He put his concerns aside as they reached the lower level and saw what awaited them.
“What exactly are you hoping to hear, minister?” Lestrade asked suspiciously. “I relayed everything to you as I saw it. I see no reason to leave anything out, nor do I see any reason to probe deeper
John had even started forming his questions so that they could be answered with a nod or shake of the head, and while he appreciated it, he knew that further action would need to be taken to ensure that John stayed. He needed to find him food, for one. Being able to actually speak with him would be nice as well. Something to work on.
Certified genius, he’d bet. John regretted not having learned some sort of sign language simply for the purpose of using it to communicate with S in a less stilted manner.
) work again, but in order for him to reach John, it would have to work on S. He’d have to resemble something even corpses feared, and the only thing that frightened the dead were those even more dead than them: boneys.
His straight-faced answer startled another laugh out of John. “Sounds a bit self-absorbed, if you ask me.” John eyed S, who was clearly struggling to be patient as he sat in the chair opposite. “Thought you didn’t know anything about yourself. How will me asking about it help?”
John followed the motion of his hand with his eyes. S could really use a bit of extra weight on him. He looked painfully thin. Could corpses gain weight? None of the corpses he’d tested had seemed to gain or lose mass.
He held out a hand to John, who numbly grasped it and hoisted himself off the floor. The dead around them stared but continued feeding, smelling nothing unusual. Not anymore.
“Only trying to help, mate,” John said, then shut up.
” Fully awake and aware now, John’s eyes opened up to meet the eerily light blue gaze of the world’s only talking zombie. He was lying in an empty car park, hazily remembered corpses nowhere in sight. “Is that you?”
Even as he thought it, he scolded himself. They
S cocked his head to the side, seeming disgruntled at being told to move away, but after a moment he reached in his pocket and withdrew John’s phone, showing him the clock display.
Inside, there were a number of helpful and unhelpful things: napkins, towels, toe blocks, ribbons, leotards, and sundry bits of refuse. A few candy and protein bar wrappers declared that he had been right in his deductions about this being a snack cache, but they were far too late to take advantage. However, another commodity appeared to be stocked quite well.
The words echoed in his head. His own voice. He hardly remembered what it was like to speak that easily, that
Casual pain relief was a thing of the past.
A smart, rich man who’d been bored often and obsessed with his phone. He was beginning to think he didn’t want to know about the man he’d been; he sounded like rather a spoiled brat.
He moaned it at first, then realized he’d need to be louder and more intimidating if he was to keep up his boney facade.
What little shelter had been provided by the parking structure was rendered null and void now by the setting of the sun. Objects that must have been cars and buildings and such all carried a vague blue cast. He couldn’t see a bloody thing.
For some reason, John had followed him under the opera house. He was still puzzled as to why, but the query faded from his mind when they reached the theatre. They emerged onstage. He turned and saw John climb from the floor and survey his surroundings. From the inside, the place was not nearly as pristine as its facade. Dust had fallen upon the stage and seats, many rows of which had been removed and fetched up against the various exits. Shattered glass from the chandeliers littered the floor.
He still could not confirm his conclusions, and his communication skills were as inept as ever. He might be able to write, but he couldn’t exactly remember. His body, the long-dead transport for his apathetic consciousness, remembered more than his brain did. He’d often find himself performing detailed tasks without really knowing why--dancing, playing the violin, picking locks.
S groaned.
The smaller man shrugged. “Don’t know if you’ve been paying attention, S, but we’re kind of in a zombie apocalypse. My phone won’t connect to anything. Don’t you think I would have tried that otherwise?”
This time was no different. He knew he was making sound, hopefully music, his fingers plucking and caressing strings in a way that was clearly familiar, yet he just felt at peace.
His gaze found John’s again as the gap between them and the boneys grew ever smaller. He watched as John withdrew the dagger and held it in front of him in rock-steady hands. They shared no words, and with a nearly imperceptible nod, S himself away and faced his fate.
John jerked back from him, but he tightened his hold on the shorter man’s hand. “How do you know my name?” He whispered harshly.
When they walked past the others, John paled but stayed steady, clinging to his hand like a lifeline. He supposed in a way it was.
Breathing harshly, he again met those haunting eyes, which were looking at him with thinly veiled curiosity. The man hovered close as he leant in to remove the blanket and then retreated back to the chair across from him.
He was getting hungry again.
With this in mind, he settled in another chair he’d cleared, close enough to keep watch, but far enough to give John his space. The leather creaked under his weight, causing the other man to startle. He realized with a start that John could not see in the dark room. Apparently death came with a few extra vision perks.
He hoisted himself out of the chair, the telltale squeaking announcing his actions to John, who went on alert the moment he stood up. Not that he had ever really relaxed. Now he watched as the man’s eyes strained to follow him in the darkness as he searched the shelves at the edge of the room.
As if she was hitting the Tesco just round the block. “You need to take this seriously,” he hissed. There were zombies out there. Actual corpses walking about, trying to get a tummyful of brains. John shuddered involuntarily. “You’ve got your silencer, I see. What about knives?”
S shrugged. “S-ince I can r-remember.”
John sat back in the chair, the can of beans dangling limply in his hand. He didn’t realize he had drifted off until he felt a prodding against his shoulder. S had (somehow) opened the tin and was now poking him with the handle-end of a spoon.
No better way to find out than to sneak a peek at the memories of the woman who had claimed to know him best. He took a bite.
John looked rather put out at seeing the mostly empty room. With only polished boards and rails reflected endlessly against the walls, it was clear there was not going to be any food in here. Although…
Things were starting to fall together more quickly as he swept down the stairs, heedless of John’s worried voice behind him. If there was anything to cover up as part of the attacks, surely it was not the effects but the cause. What caused the attacks? What created the symptoms? His own work in the l--
The smell was getting closer. He jerked his head at his lab-coated companion, who bared her teeth and jerked her head toward an ornate multi-level building. The door swung slightly ajar.
John could not be afraid of him. John was
“You mean, besides the animated corpses and rancid bodies and distinct lack of traffic?”
“Look, I was being quiet, clearly it isn’t helping--”
Right. What does he know?
The shutters rattled and shook, the simple locking mechanism not meant to withstand such an onslaught.
He spent his time here looking, touching, and holding the theatre curios, as if interacting with them would stir memories of what it was like to have an audience, to be alive.
The corners of S’s lips tipped up a little at that. John laughed and scooted forward in his seat, finally ready to surrender to what he now saw was full daylight. “So what now?”
The guard removed his helmet. “In the flesh. Are you three all that’s left?”
Mycroft met the other man’s eyes and allowed his lips to give the barest twitch of amusement. “Noted. Now, report, if you please.”
He could not afford to be making mistakes like these. It had started with losing his brother, he reflected. Sherlock, the last person he had truly cared for, swept away, rendered insensible by the plague that had devoured the country.
So he did have a phone. He didn’t need to connect to anyone--just John. S rolled his eyes and held out his hand. “Pho-one,” he insisted.
of the suppressed gunfire, and then he smelled it.
His efforts were more and more hindered by the Crisis as it spread. Plans had been in place to preserve critical information, but he needed more than just essentials if he was to unearth his brother and his secrets. He was knee-deep in duplicating trade manifests and personnel documentation when it became clear that this information could be used to protect those left behind rather than continue the search for someone already gone. With a heavy heart, Mycroft had called off the search and used his position and particular skillset to build a safe haven for what was left of London.
“S!” John’s voice, previously an insistent buzz at the back of his mind, now slammed into his consciousness with all the delicacy of a sledgehammer.
His run took him weaving back through the buildings and overturned bins behind the theater until he emerged in the open atrium. A growing mass of the dead surrounded the ticket booth, but other than the shuffling of dead feet and the occasional groan, it was eerily quiet.
“You smelled good,” S replied shortly, offering nothing else by way of explanation. He still would not meet John’s gaze but proceeded to heave John off the floor and tug him toward the other end of the cavernous room.
He looked on with interest. Labcoat appeared to have been quite successfully well-fed. He tugged her sleeve and jerked his head at the door. It was time to go.
Lestrade crossed his arms. “That’s not the impression I got earlier, sir. When you commissioned a unit to complete a mission whose ultimate purpose was unknown to most of its members.” All of this spoken carefully, without inflection.
John was breathing harshly and simultaneously trying to stifle the sound, clearly having trouble accepting the situation. He made no move to run, which was good.
Without answering, S produced the dagger and held it out to John. “Trade?”
“Is that--?”
“D’you know you do that a lot?” John asked and chuckled when all he received was another shrug. “Okay, okay. Here’s the thing, though: I don’t eat brains, but I am hungry. We have got to find me some food.”
From the small crack in the closet, his light eyes followed these beings dully, searching for something. What was he looking for? Labcoat tugged on his sleeve, the hunger blazing in her eyes. He shook his head again. There was something here. He just had to find it. Then he could give in. Then they could eat.
No, he definitely wouldn’t like this.
“That was...the most ridiculous thing I have ever done,” he said, finally recovering from his laughter.
“You…didn’t ask.” S’s angular face portrayed casual indifference as he took back the knife, but his hurt at John’s recent escape shone in his eyes.
He no longer had a gun. Just a damn beer bottle.
John had asked if the one thing he remembered from his past was the method of his demise. Had he been murdered? He didn’t know. And he hated not knowing. He needed evidence.
“John? Your name is John? Huh. Well, it is a common name, I guess--” But he broke off as the other man shook his head vehemently. “Umm, okay. Jacob? Jason? James? Jim?”
His knees felt weak. Staggering over to the chair, he slumped down and put his face in his hands. That warm laugh, those chilly hands, her ability to pry a smile out of him even when he was angry. All of it, gone. A mere memory soon forgotten in this horrid world he now lived in.
was an actual marvel. All he’d ever seen them accomplish was based solely on instinct, primal urges that the body and mind worked in heedless concert to satisfy. To have one reject the concept of killing and eating him in favor of
London. A city of history, drama, secrets. Tragedy.
Still, his options had narrowed to one. He
Of course, it was never that simple. Once he got outside, corpses had slowly amassed.
Though at least he could remedy the second--temporarily, of course. He slowed as John approached the next room. Just a nibble…
S’s thoughts scattered when he saw the familiar white coat in the group of dead. He’d hoped to simply eliminate the threat, but he could not find it in himself to hurt the closest thing to a friend he’d had before John.
Still, without S, he’d never have found the beer. Besides, without the watchful corpse around, he might actually be able to get some things figured out.
The man reached out and grabbed his hand once more, tugged him forward a step, then tilted his head, those dark curls bobbing with the motion. The verdigris eyes narrowed to speculative slits. “Daanngerrrous.” And without another word, he turned his back on John and disappeared down the hole, leaving the grate open behind him.
“What the f-”
John rolled his eyes even as he typed in the code to the holding area. “Oh yes, of course!” The door swung upon, and he turned. “Forgot to mention that, did I?
The thought startled him, not the least because he knew it was entirely true. He had never cared much for his own survival, and the hunger was the only thing that drove him to maintain his existence. Now, he had to protect John.
John peered at him incredulously, growing irritatingly closer to fully awake. “Y’know that doesn’t mean anything, right?” He waved his hand in the air. “No satellites?”
He shook his head. Perhaps he would be able to think when his hunger was sated.
What did it mean?
‘Greg’ snorted, “Yeah, and the bitch that got him just got away. Like we should be doing, John!” He pointed at the window, where the fat man and the dark woman were already climbing out.
The dead man appeared to be getting more annoyed with each guess. “Shhh…”
tags, and he was fairly certain they were. They would declare that he was a doctor. A surgeon, judging by the callouses. A surgeon in the military? RAMC, then. Stationed somewhere sunny...
He scoffed under his breath.
He had no clue what was down there.
S groaned. This hunger was getting bothersome. He reached into his pocket for a bite.
you?” He whispered harshly.
He smelled delicious. It was always the scent that did it. It tickled his senses and awakened the hunger. He shook himself. Not now.
. He grasped the hand and gave a firm shake, practicing a smile that wouldn’t make John look scared of him.
have a rather personal stake in this, and I am requesting your attention and discretion when I ask,
Beside him, S had finished his little chat with one of the corpses and had not responded to his requests for a plan. Instead, he stood frozen for a moment before a small “Ah!” escaped his lips and he sprang into action.
He sat in the chair he’d pulled against the door and retrieved the grey matter, driven partially by hunger but also curiosity. He’d seen a bit of Mary, but what of John? Who were his friends? Were his deductions correct?
He remembered close to nothing, himself. His previous life when he was, well...alive was a mystery to him. The only clues he had were himself, and even though he was thinking a bit more clearly now, his biggest blind spot was himself.
His coat flapped around his legs, driven by wind and rain he did not feel. Around him were others. More heads raised, noticing the scent on the breeze he had already detected.
He read it twice, just to be sure, then looked up at the undead enigma before him. Those pale eyes were focused on him. He seemed apprehensive, as if he both welcomed and dreaded John’s response.
It was a mere two blocks away from the Royal Opera House. It was
Everyone knew boneys--those walking skeletons whose ghastly presence even the dead feared--preferred the darkness and ate almost anything, but S had had the dubious pleasure of seeing the creation of one of the horrible things up close. He’d noticed that when a corpse was about to go boney, they withdrew to a dark corner and started picking at their faces. Luckily for John and his poorly-armed last stand, S had always had an unhealthy sense of self-preservation, so one day, he’d stayed and watched. He’d have found it a fascinating and vaguely sickening experience if he’d been fully cognizant at the time, but despite that slowness, it had been quite clear to him that the hapless corpse had not noticed his presence at all. Focused on nothing but ridding itself of all that troublesome skin, it had picked and pulled until an entirely new, horrific creature was revealed, shiny and skinless and insatiably hungry, ready to hunt in the darkness.
Instead, he hurried around the room, clearing off a few chairs, a couch, and a table, so the weary man could have his options for a rest area.
“Shhhh…” One of the others shuffled closer. (Also dead. Everyone, dead.) She wore a bloody labcoat over a torn pink jumper. “Shhhh…” emerged from her mouth again.
They waited.
“What, not ‘Gregory’ anymore? Gave you what you needed and now I’m cast aside like yesterday’s papers.” He heaved a dramatic sigh.
“That’s brilliant.” John blurted before he could stop himself.
He shook himself.
He was almost taken aback when the phone was returned to him. The message app was open and few words had appeared beside the flashing cursor. “Did you just try to text?” He asked in disbelief.
), and he was growing dangerously close to bored.
“You’re smiling!” The voice sounded accusatory. And familiar. Deep, hoarse, slightly stilted, like--
S tore himself away from John’s neck, haunted by the terror he had seen in those dark, oh-so-alive eyes before he’d passed out.
He liked the labs. Couldn’t remember why, but he always felt as if something was going to be solved here.
One by one, the others walked in. Blonde woman, tall man, short man, fat man, grey man, small woman, dark woman, young man, another tall man.
The grin faded as John stared, the corpse seeming to realize how odd John found him. He seemed oddly self-conscious for a being that, until today, had not been considered capable of conscious thought. John kept these thoughts behind the frame of his own face, however. Displaying fear (or curiosity or grief or any of the things he was actively trying to avoid in this strange milieu) was never helpful, particularly when your audience was still making up its (
Those pale eyes, still unnervingly close, flitted around John’s face before settling somewhere below his jaw. He backed off a bit, allowing John a chance to breathe. “-ish.”
And then at the bottom, the same brusque query as before:
I can’t survive on beer alone. Not all of us can sustain ourselves on brilliant deductions and violin solos.” John imagined he saw what might have been a blush gracing S’s pale cheeks, but of course, that was impossible for a corpse.
John chuckled and took the weapon. “Knew you were gonna want that phone, the way you text. Just keep it safe for me.” He examined the knife. “Don’t suppose you’ve got a gun somewhere?” S shook his head. “Figures. Don’t have spare bullets anyway. Empty gun doesn’t really help against a horde of zombies.” He caught S’s eye. “Few cans of beans and a poncy coat are more appropriate for that job.”
John shook his head slowly, still staring back at him. “No,” he said, lips barely moving. “I’m trapped in a music hall with the world’s only leftover-saving zombie, I’m maybe probably definitely crazy, and for some reason, I’m
.” He slammed the door.
He found his own reflection in a pool of fetid water and cringed. S’s disguise had been necessary for John’s safety, but he had never hated himself more for what he actually was.
Every time John said the word ‘we’ in reference to the two of them, he got an odd sensation in his chest. Almost as if his heart was beating, and beating fast. Absurd, of course. He’d never known any dead with functioning hearts, and everything John had been saying about his research only confirmed that. Dead was dead.
S ripped himself from those giddy thoughts. Normally he would be sneaking a bite as John slept, but he could not tear his eyes from the puzzle that was John Watson. And even if he could, he’d been quite put off his normal diet by the image of himself from a victim’s--from
Other than the late Agent Morstan, Mycroft had had little opportunity to form connections with any of the Citadel’s citizens, not did he truly desire to. The few relationships he had chosen to cultivate throughout his life ended with tragedy or bitterness, if not both. Still, Lestrade seemed capable of worthwhile, if not willing conversation. “Indeed.”
John allowed himself to be manhandled, staring at the dead man openmouthed.
John shook his head and grasped the weapon, feeling its heft and balance. “Wish I’d had this a few hours ago,” he admitted. “Why didn’t you tell me?”
had searched the city, searched the countryside, for the wayward Holmes. Physical searches had yielded nothing. Investigation of the attack was little better. His CCTV feeds of the area had been hijacked that day, and further review of Sherlock’s current case required more people and technological expertise than he’d possessed. He’d been very reliant on Anthea in those days.
The hunger ripped through him, leaving nothing, no thought or judgment in its wake. Only emptiness, a voracious chasm needing sustenance.
What was to be done then?
He gritted his teeth and unlatched the door, lashing out at the nearest moving object.
it wasn’t a stray shot.
“Afghanistan or Iraq?” John read aloud. “What does that mean?”
S staggered, still growling like a man possessed, as he tried to wade through the enticing aroma and find reason on the other side. He needed to think clearly. If he couldn’t think, he couldn’t keep them away from John. No one was allowed to touch John. John belonged to him, not them.
The answer to that would take too long. He shook his head and tugged on his hand, pleased when the man stumbled after him. The fire escape was too suspicious now. They’d walk right through the door and out the back, so he could keep John close and maintain the ruse. No problem.
corpses. They were not heavy on creative thought, not unless food was involved, and even then, it was clear when you looked in their eyes that no one was home.
The room resembled every other classroom John had peered into as they’d walked down the hall. He’d no idea how S pinpointed this location amongst all the other rooms or even between the two buildings.
Greg put his hands in his pockets as he drifted down the chilly hall, stopping to listen when Minister Holmes’ voice crackled over the speaker to give a brief catalog of survivors and accolades of the recently deceased.
Sherlock remembered) was John hovering over him, patting at his face. Sherlock’s vision was blurry and his brain felt cracked in two. John was making some noises that didn’t seem to make a lot of sense, although in the end turned out just to have been Sherlock’s name. John shined a bloody light in his eye and Sherlock tried to punch him but had temporarily misplaced his coordination, so he wasn’t particularly effective at it. John then made some more noises that also turned out to have been Sherlock’s name, with the addition of a few curses. The remainder of the evening came and went from Sherlock’s memory in hazy stops and starts. An argument about hospital. Lestrade yelling at John about...something. A cab ride that seemed to wind about in circles and even go upside down at one point. Stairs. John wresting Sherlock’s mobile from him for some wholly unfair reason. Paracetamol that Sherlock was convinced was simply sugar pills. Blissful, blissful dark.
“Everybody celebrating how brilliant you are…”
this universe we share.
“Sleep, Sherlock,” he said.
“Stay with me,” Sherlock said.
He smiles at you, the kind of look that tells you he already knows your answer to a question he has yet to ask and is thoroughly pleased with it. You grin back, and for a moment, the two of you simply smile at each other, the only two real people in the whole of the city. Or so it feels at the moment.
The little ewe was still outside the café when they exited, peacefully munching on grass. She glanced up at them as they passed, but appeared unbothered by their presence. Conor seemed to have abandoned the group in favor of chasing rabbits with Fitz. John couldn’t blame him; the island was a perfect spot for both boys and dogs. John remembered Mycroft’s admission that Sherlock once wanted to be a pirate and could almost picture a frizzy-haired young Sherlock darting about the cliffs with a fake sword in hand, preparing to seize control of the island.
“Morning,” John said.
Sherlock looked as if he hadn’t even considered it. “Oh. Maybe. No. I’ll think on it.” He gave a dismissive wave of his hand. “In the meantime, we have something
“You’re treating him monstrously,” Mrs. Hudson said, her voice shrill and sharp. “Absolutely monstrously. And I hope you’re—”
“I understand, John, but I let myself conflate momentary sexual arousal with emotional attachment and I drew conclusions that were unsound,” Sherlock was speaking quickly now, anxious words pouring out of him. “An abysmal lapse in logic that I swear to you will never—”
Distant shouting could be heard from the other side of the building. The criminals were organizing a sort of search party for the two of them. John interpreted this as a bad sign.
John grinned. “Wearing the hat…”
John stood, a jumble of disparate bodily sensations, staring at his keys on the table. One of them left a little scratch in the wood. He ground his teeth together. “Sherlock has a girlfriend,” John said. “Did you know that?” This came out rather more accusatory than he meant. Angry, almost. John wasn’t particularly sure what that was all about.
“It was destroying me,” Sherlock said. “Thinking you didn’t feel anything like I felt. Knowing I would lose you completely one day, having never even had you. And when you got engaged, it felt like a fatal injury. I became a wounded animal, lashing out in pain and confusion.”
“Not particularly,” Sherlock said.
no simple cover will do!
“I suppose so,” John said, feeling himself start to fade into the darkness. It was a bit like sensory deprivation. He couldn’t see anything, and his skin almost seemed to blend into the blankets. He felt like he was floating in a sea of nothingness. It didn’t much matter if his eyes were open or closed, but he slid them closed anyway. Habit.
“He was certainly suspicious,” Sherlock said. “But engaging in suspicious activity and being guilty of a crime are two separate things.”
organs. Someone had split the body open right down the middle and taken all the organs out—heart, lungs, liver, kidneys, intestines—then sewed it right back up. Then the body was dumped in a skip, where it was discovered a week later.
“That depends heavily,” Sherlock said, “on one’s conceptualization of
,” he said.
“You and Sherlock,” Lestrade said, a smile still plastered to his face, looking as if John was just putting him on about this whole
“It’s obvious,” Sherlock said, flinging a hand to the side. “It’s always been obvious. Your back was to the wall when you first moved into the flat—broke, invalided, unemployed—and your back was to the wall when you moved back—divorced, depressed. You tell me you
Sherlock stood by the sheep, looking sour.
Sherlock lifted himself off John, his softening cock slowly slipping away. John moaned at the sensation, the feel of Sherlock’s come trickling out of him. He rolled himself onto his back with great effort, his torso a mess of smeared semen and sweat. Sherlock knelt over him, grinning.
The warm body in question, John figured, was already up for the day, supposing that he ever went to sleep at all. John glanced at the window, doing his best to gauge the time of day by the light. He wasn’t nearly as skilled as Sherlock was at this and the sun was dimmed by a thick layer of clouds, but he wagered it was just before eight o’clock. Reluctantly, he heaved the blankets off himself and braced for the day.
John peeled his sweat-soaked vest off his body and replaced it with one that was a bit less damp and disgusting. He tugged a pair of trousers on over his pants and padded down the stairs, hoping he was quiet enough not to wake Sherlock from wherever he’d decided to slumber.
*           *           *
Sherlock glanced out the window. “It’s raining?”
“Now,” Sherlock said, “one of the more interesting differences between the maths problem and the actual show is that at the end the contestants aren’t blindly guessing after they choose. Sometimes they are given the option to switch
The John in his head—the one who wasn’t really sitting cross-legged on the floor beside him—already knew this. He nodded. “We did,” he said.
“Go to sleep, John,” Sherlock said.
“And you,” John said, suddenly finding his plate of linguine very interesting, “shot me down.”
Maintaining eye contact was more challenging than it had any right to be. “Do you want to remember, John?”
Sherlock came up behind him and wrapped his arms around John’s chest and what was so surprising about it was how much it felt like a
“I shouldn’t have told you,” Sherlock said. “How I felt, that is.”
“Not my type,” John said.
“Whatever your patient had stuck up his nose,” the man says. “He put it up there on a dare. It’s the most probable reason, anyway.”
You stare at the website, at the lines of unbroken text prattling on and on about stained shirt-sleeves and changes in hair texture following decapitation and speed of rigor mortis in urban versus forested environments. You tap your lips. You somehow feel as though you know even less about this man, this
And John didn’t have to act. His eyes slid closed and he moved his mouth against whatever part of Sherlock he could reach, but never the part he wanted. His hands were in Sherlock’s hair and he told himself he shouldn’t restrain himself because the cameras could see. His fingers slid into Sherlock’s curls and he closed them into fists, tugging with perhaps a little more force than was strictly needed. He heard Sherlock make a little gasp and the sound nearly did John in. He slipped a hand from Sherlock’s hair and pulled him in closer, closer, closer…
Hearts,
Not like this—he wouldn’t have John like this, Sherlock on his back and John above him. Sherlock rolled himself onto his stomach. This was how he wanted John, writhing underneath him, his arse pressed against Sherlock’s groin as Sherlock fucked him into the mattress.
John cleared his throat again. “Who…” John very much looked as if he did not want to ask the question leaving his mouth. “Who...started it?”
He doesn’t respond.
“I’ve talked her ‘round,” Sherlock said.
“The thunder,” Sherlock said. “It reminds you of the war.”
Sherlock hunched over the journal once more, scribbling lightly over the page with the edge of the lead. John peered over his shoulder, watching the page turn from white to grey.
The flash drive hovered in Sherlock’s hand. “Pull closer,” he said. “Let me come on board.”
It was a mistake, John knew it was a mistake, but it didn’t feel very much like a mistake. It felt like the thing that had been missing, the piece of the puzzle that made John understand the picture. Sherlock knelt above him, grasping his thighs and moving with a slowness that made John want to scream, and John needed for this moment to never end.
“Take your eyes off him, John,” Mary said. Her voice had lost its sweetness. It was steel now, cold and unfamiliar.
“Yes?” Sherlock asked, already knowing the answer.
“Right,” John said. “You know more, of course.”
“You’ve got to be careful on the Island,” Conor said. “It’s beautiful, but it’s deadly. The tourists take the pretty pictures, but nothing is meant to survive there. If you want to live, you have to fight for it.” He punched the air for emphasis.
“You’re a bastard,” John said. The comment was somewhat undercut by the fact that he was still laughing.
Will followed John’s pointing. He nodded solemnly and then started off in the direction of the field.
Sherlock sighed. “It was fairly serious, I suppose,” he said. Some would consider it serious, anyway. He and I had been living together. Then,” he waved a hand, “it went sour. And I moved out. Found the flat at Baker Street. You know the rest.”
It wasn’t a nice kiss, not by any means. It was angry and toothy and wet, Sherlock nearly unhinging his jaw, prying John’s mouth open, forcing his way inside. John tightened his fists into Sherlock’s shirt—to push him away, John thought, but John didn’t push him away. He pulled at Sherlock instead, tugging him closer. Sherlock wouldn’t budge, his hand still planted on John’s chest. He bit at John’s lips. His mouth was a crushing weight, his tongue an invading force, his teeth an act of aggression. John thought he could taste blood, and whether it was his or Sherlock’s was anyone’s guess. The wind whipped Sherlock’s curls into John’s face and he couldn’t see. He couldn’t breathe. He couldn’t think. It felt like drowning, like being pulled under by a riptide and carried out to sea. Then Sherlock released John’s mouth to sink his teeth into John’s neck and John took in a lungful of air in a sharp gasp as a gust of wind slapped him in the face. John was hard, hard as a rock in his trousers and he was adrift, fuming, confused, and so goddamn turned on he was in danger of coming in his pants from just a kiss. He needed to stand, needed to get himself off this hill, needed to wrap his arms around Sherlock and never let go. He twisted under Sherlock’s grip. Sherlock’s hand pressed firm against him, pushing him into the grass and the dirt. Sherlock sucked at his neck. John would have a mark there later. He likely had a mark there already. Jagged circles of teeth, like the ruins of the stone beehives a few hundred meters away.
Sherlock ruffled his fingers through his hair. He saw nothing useful in this particular conversation. His efforts were best spent plotting out Mary’s most probable next destination and doing his best to re-freeze himself.
“Did you see who did it?” Will asked. “You and your…” He gestured back in the direction of the cottage, seemingly unsure of how to describe John and Sherlock’s relationship.
Lucy returned to grazing. She seemed to have already forgotten the whole ordeal.
“Right,” you say again. You glance at him out of the corner of your eye, doing your best not to let on how jittery you feel at the moment. You try to remember the last time you felt so out of sorts in front of someone you fancied, and you conclude that it was when you were sixteen and you had the misplaced confidence to ask out one of the prettiest girls in school. After the two of you went for a rather sweaty and tense ice cream, she’d let you kiss her once before telling you she wasn’t interested. Better than nothing, you supposed, and that had been the worst of it. Until now.
“He had a
Sherlock shifted forward again, pressing his chest against John’s arm. John could feel the steady rise and fall of Sherlock’s chest, the slow puff of his breath against his neck. Sherlock’s curls brushed the side of John’s head. The careful movements of Sherlock’s body, the firm press of his hand on John’s chest, was drawing John in. He could feel himself unwinding, his heartbeat slowing, his breaths getting deeper, matching Sherlock’s steady rhythm. John tilted his head to the side and he and Sherlock’s foreheads were pressed together, their noses nearly touching. Sherlock’s eyes were closed, his lashes long and dark and so close to John’s.
John was barely listening to Sherlock, focusing instead on attempting to cover his own genitals. The water was still churning a bit from John’s near-drowning, but it was certainly clear enough for Sherlock to see directly to the bottom. Or, more specifically, to John’s cock, which still sported a flagging yet distinct erection.
“What if the first door you chose is the one with the car behind it?” Sherlock asked.
If Sherlock had lips he would have frowned. If he had lungs he would have sighed. If he had language he would have spoken. As it turned out, he didn’t have any of those things. So instead, he floated on, lost at the bottom of the bog.
A sweeping curve to trace your smile,
tell himself was that he binned most of his possessions after Sherlock’s alleged death and, afterwards, failed to see the point in accruing any new possessions that would never have the chance to remind him of Sherlock. He had felt oddly homeless, and when one is homeless, it is best to only pack what one can carry.
Like how we’re always running late
They danced away from Sherlock then, but John had the feeling that he shouldn’t have. He glanced back and Sherlock had vanished, his tall frame nowhere to be seen amongst the throng of people.
“Later,” John said, tugging Sherlock back on top of him. “We’ll discuss it later.” He pulled Sherlock’s mouth back onto his, reveling in the feel of Sherlock’s lips moving against his. God, he didn’t think he’d ever get enough of Sherlock’s mouth, of finally being able to kiss him. John released Sherlock just long enough for Sherlock to retrieve the bottle of lube from the nightstand and was already pulling him back down as Sherlock slicked his fingers.
“Even if we limit ourselves to the parameters set forth in the original problem,” Sherlock said, shifting slightly on the toilet lid, “there are fallacies. For instance, how do you know that the host always chooses a door with a goat?”
Take her heart
“That eliminates one major orifice on a biological male body, two if one counts the urethra, which one should,” the man says, “leaving only the nose and ears. And judging by the rather more unfortunate stain on your sleeve…” his eyes dart down to the spot on your shirt that you just couldn’t get off, “the answer is obvious. So. Why would a young man shove an object up his own nose? Most likely answer: his friends dared him to.” He smiles at you. “How’d I do?”
“Were burned in the fire,” Sherlock said, gesturing in the direction of Declan’s lodgings. “Or tossed into the ocean. Or fed to the bloody sheep. Either way, they are most likely gone. Whatever piece of the mystery those pages held is now worthless to us.” Sherlock’s eyes widened. “
“So what now?” Mary asked. “You’ve come all this way. You’ve found me, despite my explicit instructions not to. You’re here. What now?”
“Oh,” John said, feeling as though he had been ever so slightly stabbed. “Right. No. I mean…” he glanced up at Sherlock, bearing more resemblance than he’d like to a fumbling teenager. “Do you not want it to be?”
Sherlock was busy wedging the flat end of a screwdriver between two floorboards. He made a little humming noise.
“I know,” Sherlock said.
but that was likely because it felt as if the entirety of his groin was throbbing. He was sure Sherlock didn’t mean it like that. Sherlock didn’t know how John was practically squirming in his seat, the front of his pyjamas tented, the heat from his erection emanating through the thin fabric and warming his hand.
Sherlock nodded. He suddenly found it a bit difficult to keep John’s gaze. His chest ached. One by one, the fireflies died.
John mouthed the word
“He doesn’t like me near as much as he likes you,” Gilly said.
That, of course, would all be ill-advised. Sherlock wasn’t John’s to wrap his arms around, and all physical touch the two of them shared this week would be all for show, to lure in the Holiday Killer. It would all mean nothing in the end. So instead, he lay on his back in bed—still as a statue—with his arms propped under his head, where they would be completely safe.
John managed to work his shoes off with minimal cursing. He thumbed open his flies and did his best to wriggle out of his trousers unaided. However, as soon as his bad foot hit the floor he let out a wince and fell back onto the mattress. He began an attempt at a horizontal, wiggling sort of disrobing that was likely to have a zero-percent success rate. Sherlock rolled his eyes.
John was categorically
John's jaw tensed. He nodded. "Right," he said. "Right. I suppose we could."
Sherlock blinked for just a moment, defiant, before allowing himself to crumple backwards onto the earth, elbows digging into dirt. He watched John with a breathless fascination as John settled himself between Sherlock’s legs, belly-down on the ground, mouth seeking Sherlock’s cock within seconds. The grass was cold but Sherlock’s skin was searing. John pressed sloppy kisses along Sherlock’s shaft—the sort of teasing neither of them had time for—before swirling his tongue around the head and swallowing him down again.
Sherlock’s impatience vanished. His eyes dropped to his feet. “You’ve never watched me die,” he said, his voice quiet. “Not actually.”
“I doubt we would have even been able to find him in the storm,” John said.
“You told me not to stop.” Sherlock bit at John’s lip, at his jaw, his neck.
John tipped his head to the side, opening his eyes slightly so he could peer at Sherlock. “No, I mean it, Sherlock,” John said. “Thank you. I know you were worried. I know you said you’ve never done that before with someone who… Just. It meant a lot.”
“A large number of coincidences, it would seem.”
He got a flash—a snippet of a memory, a
“I know,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock slurped at the curry. He smacked his lips, wrinkled his nose. “Needs salt,” he said. “And you’re wrong. The odds are the same, whichever door you pick. It doesn’t matter if you switch or not.”
In retrospect, he ought to have known long ago.
The boat was small, more like the dinghy they used to get to the harbor the day he and Sherlock sailed out to the island. From what John could tell, he was laid out towards the back of the thing, by the engine. He could make out a man standing towards the front of the boat, his back to John. John couldn’t quite see him, but he could tell there was another person sitting just behind him, propped on the edge of the boat next to the engine. He could feel the person’s leg just at his hip. This second man was the owner of the first voice he heard, the rough and labored one, it would seem.
The man studied his mate, eyes narrowed. “You’d best just watch
but it’s very nearly there.
“Last question, I promise,” Sherlock smiled into his mobile. “What size is the bed? The website said queen-sized, but I wanted to confirm. My boyfriend is a
John’s eyes were leaking down his cheeks. “Christ,” he said, “Sherlock.”
“A tour would be lovely,” Sherlock said. “Doesn’t it sound lovely, darling?” He tightened both arms around John again, squeezing him within an inch of his life.
Mrs. Hudson trotted down the stairs before them, smiling and shaking her head. Sherlock adjusted the lapels on his suit as John grabbed his jacket. This bit was always dizzying—the click and strobe of the cameras, the overlapping slew of shouted questions, the suspense over wondering exactly when Sherlock would snap and try to make a reporter cry. No matter how much Sherlock insisted on hating it, he seemed right in his element, dazzling everyone with his genius while John stood at his side, trying to keep things in order as much as possible. Still, there was nowhere John would rather be than by Sherlock’s side in all the madness, permanently.
The clinical director at the surgery, she didn’t even see your face before she hired you. Still hasn’t seen you, in fact. Someone sent along your CV and she saw the military training and figured you would do just fine. Half the other doctors at the practice you only see in passing. Walking down the halls. Everyone leaves as soon as their patients clear for the day. Nobody stays longer than needed. Everyone heads home to their families.
.” He pulled at the fabric hard enough to yank John’s hips forward. “Why are you always wearing so many
They crested over the top of the hill and started along the path that followed the edge of the island, the Cró at their immediate left. There didn’t seem to be a flat patch of land in sight.
All that.”
“Yeah,” John said. “More pretending to be boyfriends.”
John touched at Sherlock’s face. “No,” he said, “I didn’t mean—”
~ ~ ~
In his arm, Rosie finished with her bottle. John set the empty bottle to the side and Rosie made a little gurgling noise. Her eyes were already drooping to half-mast. John considered that the needs of infants, although many, were relatively straightforward, giving them a distinct advantage over the needs of adults.
Sherlock’s face fell open before him, eyes wide, lips parted. “You…?” he breathed.
Stepping outside to the loo to clean his teeth was a rude awakening, the dark of the night and the chill of the wind in stark contrast to the warm glow of the cottage. John washed up as quickly as he could, trying not to think about how unpleasant the cold shower would be the next morning. The cold woke him up a bit, but as soon as he stepped back inside the cottage and began climbing the steps to the bedrooms his body got the message and he could feel sleep nudging at him before he could even lay down. He trudged into the bedroom.
There was much to do.
I think it’s time you knew.
, Sherlock,” he said, coughing up water. “I’m in the bloody bath.”
*           *           *
“Yeah. I bet you are,” John said. “Any trouble breathing?”
“Uh,” John said. “Yeah. I suppose. As much fun as any person can have while hiding in a bog, that is.” He gestured down at his ruined clothes, at the mud he’d tracked through their flat.
Sherlock did not seem to notice John’s discomfort. “Dismantling security systems, breaking locks, that sort of thing,” he said. “A few of the victims made comments about it before they died, complaining about windows not closing, locks seeming faulty. Never putting two and two together.”
“Don’t we?” Sherlock said. He released John’s hand in favor of wrapping an arm around his waist and pulling him snugly to his side. He smiled at John, a delighted, possessive grin that started something flickering in John’s chest even though he knew it was fake. He reminded himself about the neurotransmitters Sherlock talked about—oxytocin and the like—but he had a feeling they weren’t exactly the culprit here.
“A little after half-six,” Sherlock whispered.
Sherlock wondered if insisting on leaving hospital so soon wasn’t a poor decision. He hated hospitals and assumed that he would be much more comfortable back at Baker Street. John would be there, he reminded his medical team. John was a doctor. He would be sure that Sherlock cared for his wounds as instructed. As it turned out, very little at Baker Street was comfortable at the moment. Sitting at his chair hurt, but so did sitting at the table. So did walking around. So did laying on the sofa—and, besides, John insisted that Sherlock only lay with several pillows propped under him, which hurt. Everything, at the moment, hurt. Hence, Plan 17.
have been?” John’s brow furrowed.
Placed strategically along the sofa—and, in fact, on every horizontal surface in the flat—were dozens upon dozens of beakers that just so happened to be filled with an assortment of gently-bubbling skin samples floating in questionable liquid.
Sherlock thought, which was a monumental task at the moment. He remembered.
all that passed between us two.
Sherlock felt a sad smile twitch across his lips. John heard him, but Sherlock repeated himself anyway. “I love you,” he said.
“We…” John said again. Then he found more words. He found all the words and said them all at once. “No,” he said. “That’s not—no. We...shagged. No. Sherlock...I mean… I didn’t… You’re…” He shook his head. “No.”
The alley behind the pub is dank and shadowy and the exact sort of place you would advise someone
is mind-boggling. What’s our entire relationship, Sherlock?” John flung an arm in the air. “If not me following you around, doing your bloody bidding? You send me off on your bloody errands, you only let me in on your little plans when it suits your fancy, you
manner. John never cared for it when it came from Sherlock and he certainly didn’t care for it coming from Lestrade. He frowned. “We aren’t…what?”
“Ah, yes,” John said, trying to make it look as if he wasn’t actively running down the stairs. “Got in just a moment ago. Met the property manager. He seems like a nice bloke.”
“You’ve seen men die before,” Sherlock said, brow furrowed. “In Afghanistan. And you’re a doctor. You see people die all the time, and certainly in much ghastlier ways than I did.”
“Good,” John said. “Because that’s the only person I want.”
“It’s the only explanation, John,” Sherlock said. “We would have noticed any boats approach the island during the day, and there is no way the werewolf could have sailed here as soon as the rains started. He must have a hideout on the island. He took the storm as an opportunity, knowing that we wouldn’t leave the cottage.”
[]          []          []
down by the beach at the time of the murder.”
“This is important research, John,” Sherlock said. “I downloaded every episode of
John didn’t pull off until Sherlock went limp and twitchy beneath him, hands flopping from his head and little moans ghosting from his lips, the still after the storm. He kissed at Sherlock’s softening cock and listened to the gentle noises Sherlock made with each touch of his lips. He nosed at the patch of damp hair at the base of Sherlock’s cock, lapped at the crease of his thighs, kissed along his hips. He felt as if he just swallowed a lungful of saltwater and his tongue tasted like the ocean and he wasn’t done putting his mouth on Sherlock, not by a long shot.
“That song…” John muttered.
“Okay.” John wasn’t about to argue against Sherlock requesting fewer drugs. He handed Sherlock his half-dose and fetched him a glass of water. Sherlock crunched the pills between his teeth and swallowed the pieces eagerly, hoping for speedy effects. John pulled a chair in front of Sherlock and sat down, pulling gauze, bandages, and a bottle of saline out of his medical bag. He gestured at Sherlock’s chest. “Shirt?”
John somehow landed the one cabbie in the entire city of London who wanted to make conversation, and he almost asked the bloke to pull over and let him out five times. As soon as John got into the cab, the cabbie had comments about John’s disheveled appearance (
Sherlock’s fingers itched. He wanted to touch John, to run his hands along John’s arms, his chest, to pull him close and feel the heat come off him, to press his nose to the damp of John’s hair and breathe him in until the only thing in his lungs was John. Sherlock looked down at his dirty hands and walked into the loo instead.
“They would keep animals in their houses when it was cold too,” Conor said. He giggled. “Imagine a donkey in your kitchen. Eating your biscuits.”
John thought.
meant for them anymore. Nothing about these past several months felt particularly normal. “Can you do that?” Sherlock asked quietly. “Can you pretend?”
“That I’m pissed off at her,” John muttered.
Your silly statement, it’s eventual,
I of all folks understand.
“You aren’t checking your mobile,” John said. “I’ve got it hidden away for the time being. You need to be resting.” John had dragged a kitchen chair into the room and was pecking away at his laptop in the corner. The dim light cast a glow on his face, digging into the lines under his eyes and along his brow. He looked tired.
“The caretaker was murdered first,” Sherlock said. “The sheep after. Six sheep now. He doesn’t seem to be stopping.” He turned back towards the photographs. “Why is he killing the sheep?”
John was about to say, but stopped himself just as the words were about to leave his mouth. “Sherlock is very important to me,” he said instead.
John heard himself whimper. “God,” he said. “Yes. That.”
“If anyone tries to take you from me,” he hissed, “I’ll kill them. I’ll tear them to pieces with my bare hands. You’re mine. Nobody touches you but me.”
“Yes it is,” he says. “To the keen eye, the world holds no secrets. All that there is to know about you,” he runs a hand down your chest, your waist, your hip, “is written across your face, your body. Your clothes. The way you carry yourself. I look at you and I know you.” And he does, of course. Know you, that is. It feels the same as him shoving inside you the other night outside the pub, that nerve-screaming sensation of
“Good,” said John. “Because you,” he kissed at Sherlock’s hand, “need a shower.”
“Is that what you do for a living?” you ask. “Solve puzzles?”
John furrowed his brow. “What?”
The three of them gave initial statements to the police and made arrangements to come by the station the following day to provide more details on the goings-on in the flat this morning. The paramedics urged John to go to A&E for further screening for a concussion, but John refused.
Until then, there was only the quiet. Rosie slept on in her bedroom and Mrs. Hudson was resting in front of her telly and the only sound in the flat was the occasional whir of a car on the street outside. The sun had slipped beneath the buildings and the light was dim. The flat still smelled of spices—John had another go at the chicken curry recipe and got the salt right this time, although Sherlock said it needed more spice. John would keep at it. Slow and steady.
“You taste like me,” Sherlock whispered.
“I think you’re embarrassing your boyfriend,” Hugh laughed. “His face is red as a beet.”
Will looked desperate. “Declan was the bastard who hid the flash drive in a bloody sheep,” he said. “How the hell else was I supposed to find it?”
“I’m not
Sherlock shook his head. He grasped at his hair. “I don’t,” he said. “I never have. This is all just an idea. An idea planted after we—” He shook his head again, fingers digging into his scalp. “And now it cannot be killed.”
But Sherlock only smiled. “That’s exactly what I like about London,” he said. “That great cesspool into which all the loungers and idlers of the Empire are irresistibly drained.” He seemed overjoyed. “Isn’t it wonderful?”
Sherlock’s eyes dropped to John’s lips for a sliver of a second. “We shouldn’t,” he said. “Anymore. Probably shouldn’t have to begin with.”
“The Taibhse Brothers,” Sherlock repeated. He glanced up and rolled his eyes at John’s blank expression. “A criminal duo rapidly gaining notoriety across Ireland as rather savvy bank robbers. Although that is a bit of a misrepresentation of what they do. They don’t just rob banks—they rob everything. Restaurants, clothes shops, even a sweet shop once.
The dream left him with an overpowering sense of unfulfilled arousal and talking to Sherlock was only making it worse and John was done pretending like he wasn’t going to touch himself tonight. His hand was in his pyjamas and wrapped around his cock, wanking himself in long strokes. He kept his other hand on his mobile, feeling for the vibrations. Something about knowing Sherlock was on the other end—awake at Baker Street, lying in bed and texting him—made the whole of John’s body throb. He let out a little moan and quickly bit his lips closed.
“That’s certainly not it,” John said. “Sherlock. Being a couple, doing the sorts of things that couples do, it
“Right,” Claire said. “The Island was home, not whatever was out there.” She gestured in the direction of the mainland and started them walking again. “Sadly, it was a death that put the whole of it to an end. A lad caught a completely treatable illness. The weather was nasty and the Islanders couldn’t get the boy to a doctor. So he died. The government put their foot down after that and put an evacuation in motion. By 1953—all the Islanders were gone.” She pointed out towards the sheep. “Save for that lot.”
The anger ought to return, John knew. Sherlock was being a dick, and John ought to stand up for himself. Preferably with his fists. Preferably until Sherlock had nothing left to say. However, the only thing he could feel at the moment was sad, and the only thing he could do at the moment was stare at the empty whiskey glass with stinging eyes. “Yeah,” he said. “I suppose it does.”
“He’s
“Taking the footage?” John asked. “A bit half-cocked of a plan, it seemed.”
John opened his mouth. Closed it. Opened it again. He was looking for words, and Sherlock hoped that he’d never find them because they were unlikely to be any good. John’s words would only take him away and Sherlock needed him here, needed him here always now because what they had just done had forged them together in some inexplicable way and if John left he would rip out a large chunk of Sherlock and Sherlock was reasonably certain the blood loss would be fatal.
The thought alone was nearly enough to make Sherlock flinch.
John made a noise he couldn’t quite control. His cock was nearly aching now. He reached underneath the blankets briefly, just to adjust himself in his pants, and his body thrummed with pleasure the second his hand brushed the taut skin. His hips wriggled, seeking out some sort of movement, friction.
“Maybe you’re right,” John said. “About us not needing to do anything. We can just pretend it never happened. Just go on as usual. Normal.”
John leaned forward, listening. The sheep were really going on about something, much more than usual. There was something different to their noises, a sort of screaming, high-pitched panic. As if danger was near.
John sighed. He honestly wasn’t sure why he bothered.
It, however, didn’t feel like pain. It felt very much like relief.
If John was being honest with himself—and he was finding that his first pint had made him particularly honest with himself—things hadn’t been the same since he’d gone back to Mary. It felt like living with a stranger, which John figured was an accurate way of looking at the situation. He barely knew anything about the woman, and the things he thought he knew were all called into question. Did she truly enjoy Earl Grey tea? Had she actually visited Spain on holiday when she was a child? Was her favorite color really red? How much of the person he knew was actually Mary (or whatever her name truly was) and how much was just a cover? Empty vaults?
Sherlock nodded. He stared at John’s ankle for a moment longer, struck with an unusual impulse to lay a gentle hand on him, to feel for the lack of broken bones himself, to rub at his angry skin with soft fingers. Instead, he stood, snatching several pillows from the other side of the bed. He tucked a hand under John’s heel and lifted him lightly, sliding the pillows underneath. John sucked in air but seemed to settle once his foot sank into the soft down.
The years, they may have changed us,
“I most
John made a little noise in his sleep—a quiet, slurred sound that sounded like the word
Sherlock waved a hand that John very much wished Sherlock would not remove from the wheel. “Couple...stuff,” he said. “Smiling. Being nice to one another. Physical affection.”
Mary knocked on his office door, disturbing him from his between-patients activity of staring off into space.
John glanced back at the wall of mutilated sheep. Little Conor seemed right to be worried about the sheep, if he was getting a front-row view of their deaths.
John nodded and Sherlock tugged him into sitting. John slipped his legs out from underneath Gilly’s body and climbed off the bed. Mrs. Hudson watched them, Gilly’s knife still in her hand, looking amused.
Sherlock researched all of the different routes into Poland by car or train or bus and calculated out probabilities while John felt largely useless.
John stomped back towards the loo, tracking bits and pieces of dead pig behind him. “Whatever the hell
“Why do you like it when I eat?”
“Sherlock,” he said again, feeling his breath stutter and halt, his brain reeling. The wind had torn Sherlock’s hair to pieces, and all John could see was a mad nest of curls at his stomach. Sherlock had John’s cock out of his trousers. Sherlock’s fingers were ice against his burning skin.
“Yeah,” John said. “I certainly did. I do.”
“May I?” Sherlock asked. The room was silent, but Sherlock’s voice was quieter.
“Some of it,” Sherlock said. “Sometimes. But it’s not quite accurate to call it
Sherlock squeezed his eyes closed. Ah.
He’s on you as soon as the door shuts, hands around your face, mouth on yours,
“We…” John could feel his face growing hot. “Shag. We shag enough.”
You stare at your lap. “Fine,” you say.
John took over driving at the halfway point, doing his best to follow Sherlock’s directions that often came immediately before he was expected to turn. For the most part, they passed the drive in silence.
“Of course,” Lestrade said. “New mum territory. It’ll all sort itself out.”
“Yes he does,” John said. “Why would the host pick a door at random? He’d run the risk of showing you the door with the car behind it and the show would be giving away cars left and right. It would make for terrible telly. The host knows which door has a car behind it and which has goats, and he only ever shows you the door with the goat.”
They drove for a while longer. The road was flat and long and seemed to point in the same direction forever. There wasn’t much to look at—just a few other cars and a line of thick trees, deep green, lining the road. Low clouds covered the entirety of the sky, giving the day a dreary feel. John wondered if his face might stop feeling so hot anytime soon.
“So,” you say, “crimes, then. You solve crimes.”
John considered turning around and walking away. He considered finding a cab and paying the driver however much money he had in his wallet to take him far the hell away from here. He considered going home, finding Mary, telling her everything and begging for forgiveness.
It was frantic and desperate and uncoordinated, their hands moving against each other with the barest of rhythms, knuckles knocking together, mouths finding each other’s for sloppy, gaping kisses. Sherlock seemed barely able to breathe and John had a steady stream of curses and non-words falling from his mouth. It would be over far too quickly, John knew. He could feel himself barreling towards orgasm and Sherlock seemed to be in a similar position, his face red and his eyes barely open and his cock swollen in John’s hand.
Sherlock glanced at him and nodded. Together, the two turned and made their way back up the hill.
Sherlock allowed a finger to trace down his stomach, down the line of dark hair trailing just underneath his navel. This was ill-advised, surely, but it was dark and Sherlock was alone and nobody would see.
A Pandora’s box of sorts opened in John’s mind, and he found himself halfway down a lengthy trail of imaginings before he could stop any of it. What, specifically, did Sherlock mean when he said he had sexual relationships? Sex is a broad concept, encompassing a variety of activities. Which activities had Sherlock partaken in? Sherlock had touched another man’s penis, surely—wrapped his long fingers around his partner’s shaft, stroking and pulling the man towards orgasm. Likely, he had another man’s hand on his cock as well. What did Sherlock sound like when he came, John wondered? Was he silent—all squeezed eyes and panted breaths? Or was he loud, an explosion of sound and movement? Had Sherlock sucked another man’s cock? Had he dropped to his knees, crouched in the vee of his partner’s legs, wrapped those beautiful lips around a straining erection? Did he swallow when the man came, or did he pull off at the last moment, stroking his partner to completion with a slick hand? Did he like it if his partner got a little rough during the act—pulling at his hair, guiding his bobbing head, thrusting up into his mouth? Or did he prefer to be in control—straddling thighs, pinning hips down with firm hands? And did Sherlock have penetrative sex? Did he allow another cock to slide inside him—from above him, legs hitched over his partner’s shoulders, from behind, on all fours on the bed? Or did Sherlock prefer to be the penetrating partner? Did he like to be the one pushing a man onto the mattress, sliding inside, making him scream?
“Still,” John said, panting a bit as they got the sheep all loaded. “It’s a bit unnerving. Criminal elements coming to the island. Killing sheep. Killing…” he gestured back towards the cottage, “Declan.”
“I don’t
Mrs. Hudson stood at the entrance to the flat, doing her best not to look directly at them. “I’m all finished up,” she said, “but the lot of them want to talk to you two next.”
” Sherlock cried again, and before John could say anything further Sherlock was on him, hands on either side of his face, crushing their mouths together. It was more a hurricane than an actual kiss, rough and wet and ground-razing. John made a surprised noise, a few of the pages fluttering to the floor as he grasped at Sherlock’s hands and tried to remember how to kiss back. He had barely gotten it figured out before Sherlock separated from him, breathless and still clutching at his face.
Sherlock ran his fingers along the side of John’s smile. He lifted his head, pressing his mouth to John’s in a slow kiss. He had missed John as well, it would seem.
“You’re—” The spots were back, and they were dancing.
“No you won’t,” Sherlock said. “You prefer to travel light.”
You scratch at your head. Clear your throat. Your stomach is a churning mess and you have absolutely no idea what’s the matter with you. “Would you…” you say, wishing your voice were steadier, “would you care for some company?”
Sherlock’s eyes sharpened, a knife pointed directly at John. He rose from the sofa, stepping close to John so that he towered over him. His height was menacing, but John was perfectly capable of taking the man down at a moment’s notice. And at the moment, he was willing.
the O’Sullivans, Sherlock said, but John had to keep up the ruse at the moment, as the skipper was within earshot.
Sherlock glanced around the house. Most of the fires had burned out, but smoke still trailed into the sky. “It would be in our best interest to limit our time in this place,” he said. “Your shooter won’t be gone forever, and it would be preferable if he doesn’t know exactly where you are. As such,” Sherlock turned towards John, a flicker of sadness flitting so quickly in his eyes that John barely had time to perceive it, “we had best move quickly. Say what you need to say, and we’ll all head back to the mainland.”
“I’ll get her,” Sherlock said, lifting himself onto all fours over John’s body. “You get in the shower. I’ll get her fed. Then we’ll trade.”
I am unbreakable, unbowed,
“Of course I’m all right,” John said, grabbing at Sherlock’s hand. “You love me.”
“God,” he gasped, “John.”
John saw a sliver of Sherlock’s shield slip away, a little twitch of a smile flit over his face, something small and dangerous. He hovered over John and squeezed at John’s hands, pressing him into the mattress. He had a thigh planted between John’s legs, close enough for John to feel his warmth but too far away to touch, to rut against. There was the tiniest flicker of fire in Sherlock’s eyes, something ominous, a spark next to a mountain of explosives.
The ringtone continued, mechanical and cheery.
Seconds later, he was dreaming.
There were hardly any stars visible in London. Occasionally one could catch a glimpse of a handful or so, perhaps more on the outskirts of town, but the glow of millions of streetlamps and floodlights cast the nights in a perpetual twilight, obscuring any chance at observing the heavens. It was the sort of thing that you just forgot about, the stars. John could walk around at all hours of the night with Sherlock and keep his eyes on his own feet, forgetting all that lay above the cloud of light that shrouded the city.
Sherlock surged forward and met John’s mouth with violence, because John was right, of course. He was right and it was terrible. All along, it would seem as if Sherlock were asking himself the wrong questions. It was never a question of whether Sherlock felt for John, or what specifically he felt for John—rather, it was a question of how much Sherlock felt for John, and for how long. And the answers, of course, were clear—
John had very little control over the smile that spread across his face, but he tried all the same. “So I’m moving into your bedroom, then?”
John shook his head. He blinked. He shook his head again. “No,” he said, the only word he was able to force from his stuttering mouth.
One thing that makes me feel sublime—
“Great,” John said. Sherlock could practically see John’s brain shift as it incorporated this new information. “So. You remember?”
The cab ride back to Baker Street seemed louder and bumpier than ever before, leaving John to wonder if he had somehow missed the memo that all the streets were simultaneously torn up and everyone in the city agreed to honk and shout at this exact hour. If Sherlock was bothered by any of it, he didn’t let on, seemingly in his own world as he stared out the window. Probably in his Mind Palace, John thought, already halfway to solving that ghost case from the night before.
“They’ll be back for you,” John said, bending to scratch at Fitz’s ear. “In just a few days.” John considered how much of his time as of late had been spent talking to animals. Probably not a good sign, he thought.
“Yes,” Sherlock panted, and John could hear it then, the sounds of Sherlock’s hand moving over his cock. John let out a moan and couldn’t stop himself, stroking himself with a fast, firm hand. His palm was dry and he could feel a slight tug of friction over his skin but he didn’t care; he was so turned on he would probably come all over himself in a few short moments anyway. The sound of Sherlock’s shaking breaths alone was likely to push him over the edge.
“The company that makes it should use that to advertise,” John said. “
It wasn’t an acceptable solution then and it certainly wasn’t now.
Sherlock explained to John more than once,
Sheep.
He swallowed. “Of course.”
Sherlock’s head tipped back towards the sky, the outline of his oft-furrowed brow, long nose, parted lips standing out against the darkness surrounding him. He didn’t move his hand from John’s. John could feel his own pulse between his fingers. He turned his eyes back towards the stars, gazing upon the universe that wholly surrounded the two of them. The stars twinkled, beautiful yet uncaring.
The further they got from the city, the more John could feel his excitement spike. It was the same feeling he always got when he and Sherlock were about to embark upon some cracked adventure. Be it pissing everyone off at one of Lestrade’s crime scenes, poring over bank records of a suspected criminal, or—yes—embarking on a thorough tour of London’s sewer system, John never felt more alive than when he was helping Sherlock with the work. Sherlock could feel it too, John knew. There was a sort of energy exchange between the two of them, a positive charge in the air that nearly made one’s hair crackle and stand on end. John had to actively fight back a smile at the mere thought of it. It was truly a lovely feeling.
He took a very long, very deep breath. “When did you find out?”
“That bloody dog,” he said.
John nearly said.
John pointed to her hand. “You’ve got the ring on.”
bed at the moment. It would be a bit rude of me to kick you out of your own bed, wouldn’t it?”
Art by
“Victorian London,” John said. “1895. This particular corner of your Mind Palace. A drug-induced stupor. Whichever descriptive language you find preferable. The question remains. How long,” John leaned forward, insistent, “do you intend to hide out here?”
Sherlock shook his head again, even as his fingers wrapped around John’s shaft and gave him a slow pull. He blew out an unsteady breath that ruffled John’s hair and tightened his grip on John’s cock, moving his fingers along the taut skin. John knew Sherlock well enough to know that he was collecting data, exploring, learning him. John’s chest ached. He made an undignified sound. Sherlock’s thumb swept over John’s frenulum, traced along his coronal ridge, darted across his glans, and John’s body shook with each movement of his hand.
Sherlock let out a noise of complaint, his head dropping against John’s chest. “But we didn’t even
Sherlock made another dying-fish flop on the bed. He gestured for a mobile that would usually be at a perfect arm’s reach from his bed, were his bedside table not relocated. “Phone Lestrade,” he said. “Tell him it was Richard.”
most of it.” He struck a hand through the air, decisive. “It was nothing.”
“You don’t think I’d know how long we’ve been together?” Sherlock asked. He was teasing, but there was a hint of
on your computer. Watson and I have been going through them one-by-one.”
Claire and Darren met the two of them just at the hill before the steep drop towards the harbor. Darren had an unhappy-looking Lucy in his arms, carrying her carefully up the hill. The wool was shaved off a bit of her stomach and John could see a pink stripe of a scar from her rumenotomy, but overall she seemed just as she had been, save for a burst of irritability over being carried up some rocks. She was all finished up with her recovery, then, ready to carry on good as new (
For once, Sherlock seemed surprised. “Ah,” he said.
“But,” Sherlock said. “My death was different.”
“Hello Doctor Watson,” Conor said once John took a seat along the edge of the boat. “Mister Holmes said you met the werewolf.”
John chuckled. “You might have a hard time convincing Sherlock of that.”
Art by
“They’ve had a full week and have made so little progress they’ve practically moved backwards. No, we’ll have much better luck if we go it alone.”
“Oh, of course,” Mrs. Hudson said. “I called them as soon as I got the sense that you lot were in trouble. I’m glad I came upstairs to check on you, though. Scotland Yard’s response times are bloody awful.”
“Always prepared,” Sherlock replied.
He wheezes, tries for a smile. “Of course not,” he says. “Knew you’d turn up.”
“Oi,” John said, sitting up. “What’s that?”
Then they both started running towards the door.
as I become this body, mine.
Will shook his head. “I told them I knew where the drive was,” he said. “They told me that if I could get the drive to them I could keep the money. Okay? So just tell me where the drive is. Just tell me where, and we won’t have a problem.”
John set the drawer on the table, peering at the paper. Indeed, he could make out faint traces of letters.
the neighbors will complain.
Sherlock’s fingers dug into his arse, moving John against his cock. “I want you screaming,” Sherlock said. “I want to be the only sound in your mouth.”
Gilly had a very interesting smile plastered to her face. It was borderline unreadable. “Did you enjoy it?” she asked.
“Sorry,” John said. “Can’t think any quieter.”
“Yeah,” John said. “The striped jumper.”
“What else you got in these things?” he asked. He lifted out a little square device with a tube at one end. He held it up for Sherlock to see, his face a question mark.
“It was good,” John said.
“Of course,” Sherlock said. He pressed his mouth to the scar, kissing at the very center of the tendrils that bloomed like petals as they sent John home from war, home to London, home to Sherlock. Sherlock ran his tongue along the shining ridges of the scar, the only sign of injury on John’s body he hoped never faded. He heard John’s breathing hitch. John’s skin grew warm underneath Sherlock’s mouth.
“As you wish, John,” Sherlock said.
,” she turned on her heel and started back up the hill, towards the ruins. “How about a little tour before we get you boys settled?”
“Yes,” John giggled, “I do.” He snorted. “They’ll be at my wedding.”
past it,” Sherlock snapped. “You’re getting married. You’re moving out. Any attempts at pretending that you aren’t absolutely gagging to do so insults the both of our intelligences. And some of us care about our intelligences.” He’d made a full lap of the sitting room at this point, ready to dip back into the kitchen.
Sherlock ran a finger in light circles around John’s hole. “Can you be quiet?” he asked.
John shook his head. He was slightly sore, but he couldn’t feel any sharp pains or broken bones. Sherlock had a few scratches on his face, but seemed relatively intact as well. His hair and coat were dusty and white, covered in debris.
“It’s not enough,” Sherlock said. “It isn’t enough to make anyone want to stay, not for long. But. I need the work, and it lets me do the work. I need a place to live, and it lets Mrs. Hudson be willing to accommodate. I need…” his voice drifted off, but the word
Sherlock nodded.
John turned to see Sherlock jogging down the path from the cottage, his coat fluttering behind him. Sherlock still looked a bit shaken, and he still had the bloody debris in his hair. John paused along the road as Sherlock caught up to him.
Sherlock would say something about the bloody dolphin, John knew. He would talk about conditioned responses, how living beings only tether themselves together because they get something out of it—food, shelter, affection. Sherlock would argue that this, what they were doing, was all reinforced behavior, a sort of call-and-response, and once the reward was gone the faux connection would vanish just as quickly as it began. Just a trick, a magic trick. Sherlock would prattle on and on about all of it but John couldn’t care in the slightest because he was absolutely, undoubtedly, and wholeheartedly in love with this man and no amount of behavioral psychobabble would ever dissuade him from something he already knew.
John glanced up at Sherlock. Sherlock’s gaze dropped to his shoes. It was hard for this not to sting a bit.
He didn’t descend the stairs. He paused in the doorway, his hand pressed to the door jamb, his back to Sherlock.
that foreshadow what’s to be,
“Not enough to keep me down,” John said. He brushed Sherlock’s hair back, stroking at his head.
Mrs. Hudson shook her head, looking as if John said something so mind-bogglingly stupid that she hadn’t the first clue how to respond.
Nothing moved on Sherlock’s face. “I suppose I have to, now don’t I?”
“The only bit I haven’t worked out,” he says, “is what the man got stuck up his nose in the first place. I’m sure I could work it out eventually, but I’ve other things to do with my day.” He nods at you.
“It still hurts,” John said, “you being gone. You jumping. I think it might always hurt. A little bit, anyway. But I’m not angry anymore. And I think I understand. Why you jumped, that is. Why you left.”
At the moment, John lay on the sofa with Sherlock draped over him, Sherlock’s nose burrowed into John’s neck and the silk of his dressing gown covering them both. Sherlock appeared to be in a state of not-quite-sleep, breathing deep and slow and content, periodically murmuring against John’s skin. John ran his hand along Sherlock’s back, feeling the bump and dip of each vertebrae against his fingers. John sighed and Sherlock’s body raised and lowered with his lungs and it was as if they were fused together somehow, breathing as one. John sighed again just to watch Sherlock move with him.
He sniffs in his sleep and burrows into your neck and it feels so much like an answer you think your throat might split in two.
love me with the kind of love
“Sometimes it isn’t,” John said, taking another inadvisably long sip of his wine. “Sometimes the lie is easier than the truth.”
John looked up, startled. There was Mrs. Hudson, standing in the sitting room with a dust-rag, apparently in the midst of her plan to tidy Sherlock’s messes when he wasn’t looking. She seemed frozen, staring at John’s bare chest with wide eyes.
It was the sort of thing Sherlock never paid very much attention to in life.
“Because—Christ, Sherlock—I’m having a bloody panic attack over here.”
your stop. You hadn’t even noticed it was approaching. You’re still holding the money out in front of you, like some sort of arsehole. “How did you know that?” you ask.
“It looked to me as if the sheep were gutted rather cleanly down the middle,” Sherlock was saying to Darren, the two of them standing calmly at the back of the boat. Sherlock’s hair was drenched with the spray and the tails of his coat whipped in the wind, but overall he seemed his usual self, standing straight and cool, hands in his pockets, as if the ground was firm beneath his feet and he and John weren’t about to lock themselves away on an abandoned island with a sheep murderer for the next week or so. Darren, a lean man, with the rough, tanned cheeks of a person who spent a great deal of time in the elements, seemed equally unfazed by the tumultuous rocking of the boat as well as the discussion of sheep-murder.
John leaned forward, placing a palm on the mattress just next to Sherlock’s head. “Do you want me to?”
John tried to shout something at the man, some cross between a demand for answers and a series of threats, but the sound was turned to a garbled nothing by the tape over his mouth. Neither man paid him any heed.
You’re a tricky little puzzle, love.
“I owe you an apology,” Sherlock said.
“Hugh, right?” Gilly asked. “He’s the one I told you about. He’s nice, but he can be a bit of a creep.”
John turned. “What?”
Sherlock moved towards the door that led to his bedroom, letting his towel drop to the floor. He opened the door with a soft click, revealing the blackness that lay beyond. He looked back at John. John was still watching, his expression calm and knowing. Sherlock walked into his bedroom and John followed.
Mary nodded. Her face was a mask again, but John could still detect traces of sadness around her eyes. She stood from the bed. “Come get me when the van gets here,” she said. “I’ll help you carry your things out.” With that, she was gone.
“So do you,” John reminded him. He set the jam on the table.
John thought. He thought very hard. He came up with nothing. “I have no idea,” he said.
“I mean…” John shook his head. “Never mind. I’m going mad, is all.” It certainly wasn’t very hard to make that particular argument at the moment, wandering around the streets of London with no purpose in mind, talking out loud to nobody, and somehow bloody near tears again. If someone spied him and reported him to the police for suspicious activity, John wouldn’t have blamed them.
John felt as if his throat were closing in. “I thought you came back because there was some terrorist strike on the city,” he said. He tried for a chuckle, but his voice was in shreds.
do you fuck him. You find the spot that makes his head tip back and his eyes flicker and you don’t let up. His mouth opens and closes and little sounds come out of him and you’re going to fuck the words right out of his mouth, you’ve decided. You’re going to fuck him until the only word he knows is your name. You’re nearly there because the
“Tie it off,” John panted. “Not too tight. Put a couple knots on it. Enough to keep it in place.”
John shook his head. “Kiss me,” he repeated. Whatever Sherlock had to say, it could wait. He nudged his face closer to Sherlock’s. Their noses brushed together. “Kiss me.”
“No,” Sherlock growled, grasping harder at John’s arse. He wasn’t sure if he could orgasm—an unfortunate side effect of the drugs that tended not to be particularly relevant to Sherlock’s life—but he needed John to come, needed to
lives here,” Sherlock said, releasing John’s shoulders and leaving him to stumble a bit at the sudden lack of movement. “But there are other inhabitants of the island, ones that our werewolf has already demonstrated that he is perfectly willing to murder.”
“You should just move in here,” Mary said one day.
“Punching somebody like that,” Sherlock said, “can easily break bones in the hand.”
John shook his head. Mrs. Hudson made it seem as if Sherlock was crushed by John’s engagement. She made him seem like some sort of jilted lover. Yet, that wasn’t the case, right? Stoic, mechanical, borderline sociopathic Sherlock couldn’t possibly
he texted Sherlock.
“Besides the headache,” John asked, “how are you feeling?” His voice was softer than usual. He was trying to keep his volume low so as not to aggravate Sherlock’s screaming head.
“Yes it was,” John said.
“Rocks?” Claire asked.
He heaved himself to his feet and hurled himself forward on the boat, letting the hopping momentum of his bound ankles send him flying at the man. He had no plan. Nothing close to a plan. Nothing was in his head except
“Social feedback,” Sherlock said.
the me inside who I have always known.
The dreams changed after Sherlock’s fall, and certainly not for the better. The dreams were predominantly about the fall itself, and soon John could practically predict them down to the moment. They would usually start with him standing in front of Barts, looking up at Sherlock perched atop the roof, moments away from attempting to fly. John would scream at him until it felt his lungs would give out, but he never made a sound. He would run to Sherlock, legs pumping with all his strength, but he never moved from his spot on the pavement. And Sherlock would fall, limbs flailing, coat flapping through the air behind him, landing on the pavement with a sound John could never fully erase from his mind. It was the sort of thing that could make him nostalgic for his nightmares about Afghanistan, all blood and firefight. He would have
important that we get the two of you out of this flat.” He stood, waving his hands for them to get up. “Regent’s Park. Get your coats, the both of you.”
“‘Fraid not,” John said. “Glad you’ve finally worked that out.”
,” he said. His voice had gone low, a rumble in John’s ear.
John rubbed at an eye. “Thinking is always good.”
At this point, John had no need to ask what Sherlock was talking about.
“How would you feel about a fire?” Sherlock asked.
“No,” Sherlock said. He waved a finger in the general direction of the upstairs bedroom. “I could…”
John sighed, running his hands over his face. The restaurant was mostly as he remembered it, minus a few touch-ups here and there and some updated artwork on the walls. There was a sweet swell of classical music that Angelo always piped in over the speakers, a soft violin that could barely be heard over the din of patrons enjoying their meals. What John hadn’t been expecting was the
“That’s what you do, then?” you ask. “Whenever the police can’t solve a crime, they call you and you solve it for them?”
yet you placed a kiss upon my cheek
Pissed as he was at Mary at the moment, he did not want to think about how close she just came to being blown to pieces.
“True,” John said. “Still,” he smirked at Sherlock, “it’ll be nice to get back to London.”
Sherlock’s mouth opened and closed. He shook his head. All the words fell out of his mind and he was left standing in the kitchen, arms dangling at his sides like an idiot.
“Just lovely,” Angelo said.
John paused, unsure what to make of
You speak to next to no one. The eyes that land on you don’t see you. At night, the robotic arms move the city around. You’re the only living soul in London, the only real person. It’s an honor you neither asked for nor wanted.
“Um. No,” John said. “I didn’t know that.” His brain was spinning a bit, and his cock seemed to be listening intently. “So. Are you...wearing pants? Right now?”
Mary nodded, looking over the boxes with an expressionless face. “Sherlock will be thrilled,” she said, “I’m sure.”
It’s really quite predictable,
“If you
A bit of him was also more than a little interested in kissing Sherlock again. He did his best to ignore that bit.
when he starts moving, the bastard, just when it’s too much. He’s fucking you in a way that would make you come in no time if you hadn’t just come moments ago and you think you might fall apart from it. He’s pressed nearly flush against you and sounds like a goddamn porn star as he breathes in your ear, all grunts and growls and panted breath on your skin.
“John…” It wasn’t clear if the word was meant to be an argument or an endearment. Sherlock’s own voice sounded foreign at the moment, but that could have been the ringing in John’s ears.
John shrugged.
Sherlock grinned and took John’s cock in a crushing grip, setting a frantic pace. John howled. He could feel it building, the swirling fury of a hurricane hitting land, breaking the whole of him to pieces. He lifted himself onto his elbows, pumping his arse against Sherlock’s cock.
“And what’s all this?” you ask, gesturing at his bulky jumper and knit cap. “Another disguise?”
Sherlock looked genuinely offended, but he stood and moved towards the door. “If we were boyfriends,” he said, “this would be a commonplace practice.”
Sherlock hadn’t been aware that he was breathing. He tried it out a few times. It seemed to work just fine, which made sense given how clever he was. “Of course not,” he said. He turned his head back towards John.
“Morning,” Sherlock said, his eyes still closed. His voice was thick with sleep. It sounded too gorgeous to be legal.
“Almost done,” he whispered.
Mary heard nonetheless. “
John took several deep breaths before he could trust himself to respond. “Yes,” he said. “That’s what I’m saying.”
Lucy bleated.
“Yeah,” John said. He turned another page, deciding to leave Sherlock’s response alone. The rain picked up a bit outside, and the sharp hiss of water pelting against the ground increased in volume.
exist a bit of an age cap where the odds of inserting objects into certain orifices decreases drastically, so best to bet the patient is a young adult, just to be safe. Best to bet the patient is a young
,” John said, “you and I are in total agreement.” He switched off the cooker and began to retrieve plates and utensils from the cupboard. He handed them to Rosie and she darted back to the sitting room to set the table.
“She’ll get there,” Lestrade said. “Those first few months, it feels like they’ll never get there. But it’ll go faster than you think.”
“Fascinating,” he said.
“Problem?” he asks, although he knows full well it isn’t.
out loud. Instead, he scratched at her head.
John chuckled. “Yes,” he said. “Yes, I suppose I do.”
John thought.
Sherlock pulled back slightly. John could feel his panted breath across his lips. John’s hands stayed on Sherlock’s face. He felt desperate to keep him.
Sherlock made a grunting noise and moved forward, pressing his lips to the crease of John’s thigh. He mouthed along John’s body, placing gentle kisses against his pubic hair, his penis, his testicles. It felt as if Sherlock wished to cover John with his mouth, to erase any traces of violence the Taibhses left on his body and replace it with love.
They passed the next several minutes in silence.
“Yeah,” John said. “That’s true.”
Still, it was more than a little lovely to have Sherlock in his arms last night, even if it ultimately meant nothing. There was something right about it, as if Sherlock fit into his arms in a way that suggested he was meant to be there all along. John found that he missed Sherlock a bit—which was nonsensical, he was only downstairs—and wished that Sherlock had been in the bed when he woke up this morning. He wished that they’d woken up together, still wrapped up in each other.
John was nearly certain he heard movement now. Something sliding, then footsteps. He thought for a moment that the footsteps were walking towards the door. Mary recognized Sherlock’s voice, then, and would respond in some manner. John almost pushed himself away from the wall to join Sherlock at the front door when he heard the footsteps retreat, padding closer to him and away from the front door.
“I hadn’t saved my work, you tit,” John said. “I’ll have to start over.”
Sherlock was looking at him, his eyes glittering in the rainbow lights of the city. “You meant a great deal to me, John.”
“And how is the baby?” Lestrade asked. “Meaning Rosie, of course.”
” John asked. “What happened?”
John smiled back, despite himself. “There it is,” he said.
“And why can’t you?” John asked.
John dropped his head. “Not unless you stop being dead,” he said. “And please. God,
“—and if that happened,” John said, “do you not think I’d be able to handle it? I was a soldier, Mary. Sherlock is practically a one-man army. His brother is the bloody British government. Don’t you think that, between the lot of us, we’d have it handled?”
“Are you all right?” Sherlock asked.
,” John shouted. “You bloody left me at a bloody crime scene in the bloody rain, you inconsiderate git.”
“You and Sherlock seem to have a…” she searched for the right word, “connection. It predates the two of us. I know how devastated you were when he had you think he was dead. I can tell how much he means to you. And John—” she waited until John lifted his eyes towards hers, “I can tell how much you mean to him.”
You blink at him. “Me?” you ask.
John rolled onto his back, watching Sherlock as his long fingers moved over the buttons of his shirt, revealing a stretch of milky skin beneath. His chest was pale in the dim light of the room, the flash drive he wore around his neck shining against his skin. Sherlock shrugged his shirt off, allowing it to crumple onto the floor. He worked open his flies, slid his trousers down his long legs, stepped out of them. He wasn’t looking at John. John couldn’t stop looking at him.
It’s him. The not-homeless man with the not-twisted lip. He’s sidled up next to you on the pavement, keeping pace despite the fact that those long legs could move him faster. He isn’t in his homeless get-up, but instead looks like he did on the Tube, with his posh suit and swirling overcoat. Those deep-sea eyes are on you again,
A large, gray object flung itself out of the ocean and flopped along the surf just at John’s right. John cursed, detaching his mouth from Sherlock’s only enough to glance towards the sudden movement, a hand wrapping around Sherlock’s shoulder.
“A very sturdy broomstick,” Mrs. Hudson said.
“For trying to kill us?” John asked. “Yeah. Not sure we can just let that one slide.”
“Clearly not,” Sherlock said. He was still smiling and John wasn’t sure he had ever seen anything so beautiful in all his life.
And now
“Patience,” Sherlock said. “If one is still and quiet, eventually they grow comfortable with you.”
Reds and blues and reds and blues. Reds and greens and lilacs and canary yellows.
To be clear, it
,” Sherlock yelped. “
“No one gets close,” he says, a smug little smile flickering over his face. He nuzzles at your nose. “I bet you could get closer. If you tried.”
“You’re an arse,” John whispered, but his voice was thick and needy.
“Right,” John said, feeling like he might be able to handle the whole of this after all. “Right. Okay.”
This world—the world above the water—was warm, so warm, and Sherlock’s body burned, moments away from ignition. Everything was hot and slick and perfect and John was there, pulling him into this new land, into the heat. The disparate pieces of Sherlock’s new body were clumsily learning to coordinate, his heart stuttering madly, blood thundering in his ears, muscles seizing, limbs thrashing and clutching, fingers digging into John, into his arms, his back, his hair, lungs gasping air down a throat raw from disuse, and language—language, finally—John, John,
Sherlock shrugged. “I told you that you might want to bring your gun.”
John thought about mentioning boundaries again, but didn’t quite see the use.
“If he asked me,” John said, scratching Lucy behind her ears, “if he wanted me to, I’d stay with him forever. He’s got to know that, hasn’t he? It’s got to be obvious.” He glanced at Lucy. “
He looks at you as if you’ve just asked the most obvious question in the world. “I was
“Eat the bloody torte,” said John.
“You don’t want this, John,” Sherlock said.
you aren’t seeing double,
Sherlock nodded. “A bit.”
When he emerged from his room, dressed in dry clothes and feeling infinitesimally warmer, there was a towel—neat and folded—sitting just outside his door. Against all of his control, John felt the corner of his mouth tug into a smile. By all accounts it was nothing, and yet this towel was somehow the kindest thing Sherlock had ever done.
dreams could be so decidedly worse than the dreams where he watched Sherlock die over and over, but it was.
John’s confusion had flipped over on itself and was now a hot, indignant anger. “Where the
“I’d say the one with the primate forgery,” Sherlock said. “A series of monkeys that were trained to pickpocket tourists and nick their documents. Passports and such. Part of an identity-stealing operation. Very curious. Very well-trained monkeys.”
“Oh,” Sherlock said. He had crawled halfway under Declan’s bed and his arse was poking up in the air. “And she has type 1 diabetes.”
behavior was being severely undercut.
“Say you’re mine.” Sherlock’s words were hot against John’s face.
“Selecting the car from three options is a one-third chance,” Sherlock said, maneuvering three of John’s gnocchi to the side of his plate with a fork, “but when the host opens a door, he reduces three choices to two choices,” Sherlock speared a gnocchi for effect, popping it into his mouth. “A fifty-fifty chance.”
Sherlock watched him, still as the ruins that stood just behind him. The wind came back through and Sherlock didn’t even sway.
Sherlock smiled, because he could see the blue of John’s eyes shining through the dark of the room. “Of course, John,” he said again.
John ran his hands along Sherlock’s sides. “I’m fine,” he said.
“You’ll need to lie down,” Sherlock said. “Elevate your ankle. At some point tonight I imagine you’ll want to sleep. You’ll need a bed for all that, and this is much more convenient than watching you fight a losing battle with your pride for an hour as you attempt another flight of stairs.” At that, Sherlock kicked open the door to his bedroom, ushering John inside.
The mobile was silent. John could nearly see Sherlock on the other end, his teeth grinding together, jaw tensing and lengthening.
~ ~ ~
“I thought you might’ve died,” Mary said to John after he stumbled into their flat, bleary-eyed and smelling objectively unpleasant.
, for Christ sake. He had darted into firefight to rescue fallen comrades. He had chased after countless criminals alongside Sherlock, had demonstrated time and time again that he was willing to fight, willing to kill, willing to die for the man. He had no earthly idea why this—
“I meant what I said, John,” Sherlock said, his voice little more than a whisper. “I’m dangerous. You’ll get hurt around me.”
Raise a glass to all the fucks
, how Sherlock somehow looked inside John and found the one thing John wanted the most at the moment and gave it to him. John sighed and leaned back against Sherlock almost involuntarily and Sherlock tightened his arms around John. John’s hands stilled on the kettle and he allowed himself a moment, just the one moment, to be in Sherlock’s arms before he started asking questions about why this was all happening. Then Sherlock pressed his mouth against John’s cheek in a manner that was meant to look like a kiss but wasn’t a kiss and John knew it was acting. Sherlock was shamming again. John’s brow furrowed. The two of them didn’t need to pretend to be a couple in the cottage, where nobody was watching them.
“I can’t see the tracks,” Sherlock said, nearly bent double to scrutinize the ground, in no way watching where he was heading. “They should be here, his footprints. He went this way. But I can’t—” His right foot went out from under him, sliding along the slick grass. He landed on a knee, his body twisted to the side. He still held the binoculars in a hand and his elbow skidded along the grass.
“I didn’t mean to upset you,” John said. He wasn’t exactly sure how—in a situation wherein Sherlock unilaterally decided that John was to be his fake boyfriend—
Mary’s eyes narrowed at a piece of paper on the table. She lifted it closer to her face, examining it. “Is there blood on this?” she asked.
John’s fingers traced the outline of Sherlock’s temples. Breathing was difficult again, but for much sweeter reasons. “I’d rather taste like you,” he said.
and the bees would hum between the buds
John woke to a shift in the mattress, the bed creaking slightly as weight was added and redistributed. It was late—or early, depending on one’s definition—and the room was still dark, only a pale light from the street revealing shapes and shadows inside. John felt hands on him, shifting him, moving him, turning him to the side. John allowed himself to be moved, still partially asleep. Sherlock’s long body slipped just behind him, his chest pressed to John’s back and his knees tucked into the bend in John’s legs. Sherlock wrapped an arm around John’s chest and sighed into the nape of his neck.
In the near-dark, Sherlock could make out John’s lips curling into a smile. John’s chest shook slightly as he chuckled. “Thanks,” he said. “That makes two of us.”
“Christ,” John breathed, his hand in Sherlock’s hair, on his cheek, pushing the sweat from his eyes. Sherlock was slowing his movements inside John, shifting inside him in slow, pulsing thrusts, each one making John’s worn body spark. Sherlock opened his eyes, looking down at John with an awed expression. John felt a smile come across his face and Sherlock smiled in return, blinking as if he was still trying to work out all that had transpired between them.
*           *           *
, Sherlock. I saw your skull, crushed and bleeding. I saw your eyes, open and dead. I touched your skin. I felt for your pulse.” The anger was large and loud, and it was making it hard to breathe. “I saw you die, Sherlock, and I couldn’t do anything to stop it.”
“I have no trouble
Sherlock lifted his head, setting his chin against John’s chest.
.” He cleared his throat. “
“Christ,” John said. “So. Is this the part where we call the police?”
? he asked.
“You lads will be sleeping upstairs,” Claire said, starting up the stairs. John and Sherlock—momentarily abandoning the head-torch—followed, the wooden steps groaning underneath their feet. There looked to be two rooms upstairs; Claire led them into one of them. “I didn’t know which room you two would prefer,” she said. “So I just chose which one I like best. The one with the bigger window. Hope that’s all right.”
“And he tried to make a run for it when you confronted him,” John said.
Sherlock knew that the whole of this was a bad idea, the equivalent of taking a shot of whiskey to stave off the pain of an amputation. It helped nothing and only hurt in the long run. It wouldn’t make Sherlock want to use his legs again, wouldn’t help him take on cases, wouldn’t do a damn thing for the constant ache in his chest. He pictured John, reclined on his sofa and smiling at his mobile while they texted, and didn’t care.
“You don’t know,” John said. “Because you’re a dog. But,” he nodded in the direction of the loo again, “if you’d wanted… If you’d felt… For as long as I’d...” he gestured vaguely, then poked a finger at Fitz, “you’d be grinning like an arsehole too.”
John allowed himself a small smile. He was grateful for Sherlock’s answer, largely because he found he didn’t want to return home at the moment. Despite their attempts to give it a go, things with Mary remained uncomfortable, and Rosie coming along hadn’t changed very much about that, except now John was uncomfortable
John tugged Sherlock’s hand to his lips, placing a kiss into his palm before returning it to his chest. Sherlock pulled him closer and nuzzled into his hair with his nose. John smiled and sighed, letting himself sink back into sleep. He always slept better with Sherlock there.
John felt his throat tighten. It suddenly hurt to breathe. “Both,” he said.
John looked up at Sherlock. Sherlock seemed open, his face—for once—sincere. That burning feeling was back in John’s throat.
John stood in the middle of the sitting room, fiddling at nothing with his fingers. He glanced up the stairs to his bedroom. He ought to go to bed, he knew. He ought to pick up his bag from where he dropped it by the door, climb the steps, and go to sleep. It was late. He ought to be tired. He should sleep. However, the thought of going up stairs to his bedroom and lying on his empty bed without Sherlock made John ache.
Sherlock had them stop in a pub for an early dinner. “Best eat now,” he said. “We might be rather busy later tonight.”
John looked like hell. His eyes were wild and his hair was everywhere and his hands were fists at his sides. The explosion that Sherlock knew would come if John found out had finally detonated, and John looked like debris. John stared at Sherlock, clearly waiting for a response. Sherlock, for one of the few times in his life, had none.
“Knowing Sherlock,” John said, “he probably said the wrong thing to the wrong person and got himself in a fight.”
“I’ll take that under consideration,” Sherlock said.
This scene can be interpreted as noncon rather than dubcon (such interpretations are valid). If you don't feel safe reading it, feel free to skip - the scene starts ~45% through and ends ~60% through. I am more than happy to answer questions or give you a summary - hit me up on
“John,” Sherlock said, but he had nothing else to say aside from John’s name anymore. The water from the falls had gotten into his eyes and it stung. It washed down his cheeks and tasted like salt in his mouth.
Black Jacket winds his way through the city. He buys a newspaper at a newsstand. He pops into a Starbucks to buy a coffee. He seems like any other bloke going about his morning routine, except that it is an exceptionally long morning routine. The two of you follow twenty or so meters behind at all times, keeping quiet and doing your best to stay out of his line of vision. He bends down to tie his shoe once and nearly spots the two of you, but Sherlock grabs your arm and drags you into an alley just in time.
Mary stepped out in front of him, her face still and serious. She was wearing her wedding dress. She had a gun in her hand.
From somewhere, a scuffle. Another
Sherlock lifted his hand and looked as if he was going to pat John on the shoulder, a consolatory touch. He thought better of it and went back to his mobile.
John nodded, forcing himself to take his eyes off the sheep.
a life. But it’s what you happen to be living all the same.
much,” Sherlock said, nearly twisting sideways in his chair as he slipped further into character. “My boyfriend and I are
but—oh! the dawn is breaking—
our officiant become suddenly available?” John asked. “Did he say?”
“You know that’s not true,” John said. He felt as though he had been punched in the gut. “There are a lot of people who—”
“Yes it did,” Sherlock said.
You chuckle. You
John smiled again. It still hurt.
“Yeah,” Claire said. “I suppose it was. We usually only hire people in pairs. Couples. Close friends. So they can keep each other company.”
“I’ll bet you could,” John said. He forced himself to turn his head away from Sherlock. Sherlock caught John’s earlobe in his teeth.
You look down into your hands. Seven pounds. Exactly. You wouldn’t be surprised if it was the exact coins you gave him, either.
“Yeah,” John said. “You must not have worked with us before.” He hung up. “On their way,” he whispered to Sherlock. “What’s the plan?”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at John. “Your use of language, as always, leaves something to be desired, Watson.”
The universe decided to spare John for just the one moment and granted them a hotel room with two beds. John tossed their luggage on the ground and collapsed onto the bed that was physically nearest to him, barely taking the time to kick off his shoes. He prayed for an immediate, long, and dreamless sleep.
Oh—what you have done to me, my dear!
John could barely make out the sound of Sherlock screaming before everything went cold and dark and the two of them were underwater.
Claire only made up one bed, under the popular assumption that he and Sherlock would only need just the one. In the haste that followed the discovery of the sixth dead sheep, making up a second bed had rightfully slipped to the bottom of Claire’s to-do list. John sighed, scratching at his head. Claire said something about there being extra linens in the café. He ought to make up the second bed, John knew. Sinking into the sole habitable bed while leaving the other bare likely sent a message that Sherlock wouldn’t appreciate. However, the thought of traipsing over to the café in the dark and the cold at this hour of the night, only to return with the chore of making up a bed, was the absolute last thing John wanted to do at the moment.
So John attempted to garble his way through an Irish accent that Sherlock quietly informed him was
“And you don’t think
“Your husband was just telling me about Declan,” he said. “He said Declan was a quiet man. Kept to himself.”
“I’m not,” he says. His voice is quiet.
The flat was pitch black and completely silent. John switched on the light on his mobile as he tiptoed up the stairs, trying to make as little noise as possible so as not to wake Rosie. He paused outside of her room. The door was cracked open and John poked his head inside. No noise emanated from the room, not the little sleep-noises Rosie made, not even the faint sound of breathing. John fumbled in the dark and switched on her nightlight. Her cot was empty. John’s brow furrowed. That was odd. Mary was supposed to watch Rosie tonight.
“You knew,” John repeated. “You knew and you didn’t… Why didn’t you tell me, Sherlock? Why didn’t you—” He closed his eyes. Exhaled. Regrouped. “How long have you known?”
Sherlock was still looking at John as if the answers to his worries were obvious, plain as the nose on his face. “Clearly, the werewolf isn’t interested in
“I was going to say the one with the butcher’s apprentice,” Sherlock said.
Not that Sherlock wasn’t distracted in other ways as of late.
was why he needed John. John could bring him back—he always brings him back. John always makes him better, better than before.
“Um…” This was already going rather poorly.
Sherlock made a grumpy noise.
“It would appear so,” Sherlock said.
“Obviously,” he says, and shoves inside.
Fitz finished his plate and ran back towards the field, not exactly proving John’s point. Lucy was milling about towards the cottage and sauntered over to John once Fitz was well and gone.
“The cooker uses gas,” Claire explained, gesturing to the kitchenette. “So you lads can make a hot meal. We’ve set you up with some of the essentials—canned veg, beans, that sort of thing—that should last you a few days. You’ll notice there’s no fridge. No way to keep food fresh.”
John took a deep breath. Sherlock could nearly hear him counting backwards from ten in his mind. “Mr. and Mrs. Thompson had a problem,” he continued. “Money from their bank account was going missing. But it was going missing in a very unusual manner.”
excited to spend some time at your cottage. It looks just
“Yeah,” John said. His eyes flitted down towards the mattress.
John noticed the change in his face, of course, and fumbled with what to do with the moment. Sherlock was not particularly certain what to do with the moment either, or what to do with anything anymore for that matter. John and Mary danced away and Sherlock watched them leave, feeling as if his skin was on fire. It seemed as if all of London were on the dance floor, crowding in around him, and the room was hotter than any room had a right to be. The lights were pulsing and that song—that bloody
“Information,” Sherlock said.
“Could it have been the caretaker?” John asked.
Sherlock thought of the other John, the one standing on the tarmac, barely able to meet his eyes. He made that John laugh once more right before he boarded the plane, before the drugs kicked in. It was a good laugh, a good smile. Bright and beaming. It reminded Sherlock of that night, the stag night, and for once the memory had been alright because it was likely to be one of his last.
“And that somebody, of course, is…?” John asked, already knowing the answer.
“You…” John was still trying to redirect his brain to focus on the topic at hand rather than mourn the sudden disappearance of Sherlock’s visible midsection. “You told them...I...what?”
“You should have gone to hospital,” Sherlock said, and he barely recognized his own voice.
, jump into their idling cab, and speed away, leaving John quite literally alone.
Sherlock nodded. He wet another piece of gauze and ran it through the cut. John cursed some more. His hands were fists in his lap, twisting at the fabric of his vest. Sherlock carried on, wiping at the wound with the wet gauze, cleaning away the excess blood from the edges in slow stages. John panted and cursed just above him, slowly tearing a hole through his vest as Sherlock worked. Sherlock, who once poked through the lower intestines of a corpse that spent nearly two weeks marinating in the Thames, found himself completely incapable of looking up at John’s face at the moment. He had a feeling that he could either continue to clean John’s wound or see exactly how tormented John’s face looked as he did so, but he certainly could not do both.
to the Island. Most folks say it the other way ‘round.”
“Sherlock,” John laughed, taking Sherlock’s face into his hands. “I’m fine.” He pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s lips, soft and lingering. He felt Sherlock relax against him. Sherlock touched his hands to John’s arms, the contact tentative.
Hearts,
“I got a haircut,” Mary said.
Sherlock lifted an eyebrow but said nothing.
Conor had called the wet of the rocks, and John found the term adequate for the hill as well. He nearly felt his feet go out from under him a few times before he met up with Sherlock.
I deal with cyphers and whispers and looks.
Sherlock fished his mobile from his pocket and tossed it at John. “First message on my mobile,” he said. “Call that number. Tell them to get over here. Quickly.”
John took the envelope from her. “Ah.” His solicitor told him to expect this parcel any day now.
“Quite alright?” he whispered. His voice was low, almost a growl, and John could feel Sherlock’s breath on his ear.
“Haven’t you ever watched a game show before?” John asked. “They’re not exactly eager to give away huge prizes to every contestant that walks through the door. So of
feel so good,” Sherlock said. His mouth was on John’s ear, teeth nipping at his earlobe, and he was right. They felt bloody fantastic together, bodies moving just so, skin lighting up against skin as if it had just been waiting for this moment. John wasn’t sure what he had been doing all these years without Sherlock pressed against him, but it was almost certainly wasted time.
“You like me because I saw you,” you say. “I looked through your little disguises and saw
but here by this hearth there is hope still for all—
However, when John arrived back at the cottage, Sherlock wasn’t there. His case materials appeared undisturbed and it looked as if Sherlock hadn’t even been in the kitchen to make tea. John narrowed his eyes, starting up the stairs.
“Married?” John asked. Somewhere in his brain, a little high-pitched noise started, like someone slowly letting the air out of a balloon.
“We call this type of hut the
“Right,” John said. He cleared his throat. “So. Um. When you say that there’s a way that we—that Sherlock and I—
“They disagree wholeheartedly with my methods,” Sherlock said.
“For fuck’s sake,” he grumbled, grabbing at Sherlock’s hand.
“That’s all you’ve got?” Sherlock rolled himself over again, propping himself up on his elbows to look at John properly. “How long have you been writing?”
The shooter’s body jerked to the side, his shoulder twisting violently. He fell to the ground, momentarily dropping his weapon. John looked back to see Sherlock on his feet, gun in hand and a sharp, determined look on his face. John glanced behind him to see three bullet holes on the wall just to his left. That, apparently, had been a close one.
“Jesus Christ,” John said, hoisting his bag over his shoulder and sprinting down the stairs. Sherlock was already in the driver’s seat of their car—a compact sedan that barely contained enough room for the two of them and their bags—when John exited the flat.
“Afraid so.”
flats. Ones that have been abandoned or aren’t rented out. He tears through the floors and into the bank below.” With that, Sherlock leaps into the air and catches the edge of a fire escape ladder. He pulls it partway down and hauls himself onto it, climbing the rungs like some sort of primate. “I saw the disturbance in dust on the air ducts,” he shouts over his shoulder, “and thought he had to be using the ducts. But he wasn’t. He was using the
A fragment of Declan’s journal that managed to actually work its way into John’s consciousness floated to the surface. “Yeah,” John said. “Declan wrote something about talking to Will a bit when he brought the tours over.” John furrowed his brow. “Odd. Will said he didn’t know Declan very well.”
“No you weren’t,” John said.
Sherlock moved his finger slowly, barely in and out. “More?” he asked, his lips quirking into a smile.
“Yeah,” John said, also realizing that he was a bit cold at the moment. “I suppose it is.” He rubbed at his arms. The temperature had taken a bit of a dip after sunset, and the wind whipping through the island certainly didn’t help.
“Yes I do,” said Sherlock. His eyes were still glued to his mobile. He was typing rapidly.
Hugh cleared his throat. He nudged Birdy. “We’d best be going,” he said. “Let these two gents finish their meal.”
and a ridiculous number of cats.
,” Sherlock gestured at the little tree blooming out of the top of the stone structure, “is the only one.”
.” John could hear something crashing below. A door slamming open. Objects shoved unceremoniously aside.
“You’ll leave bit by bit,” Sherlock was saying, crowding closer. “Slow stages. Here and there. Slipping your way out in tiny pieces. Thinking I won’t even notice until you’re gone.” Sherlock scoffed. “I always notice.”
“Oh Christ,” Lestrade said, a hand flying to his forehead. “Did you not know that?”
“Sherlock.” Both of John’s hands were on Sherlock’s face, rubbing at his cheek, lifting his chin.
Sherlock laughed, an angry sound, and stormed from the kitchen once more, resuming his pacing through the sitting room. “Not for one second have you ever given a whit what I feel.”
“Daddy,” she said. “Papa says you’re wrong about Monty.”
“Yes,” John whispered, gentle as wind.
Darren nodded at John in greeting once John managed to stumble his way onto the boat. Also in tow were Conor and Fitz, looking much more excited about the upcoming adventure than John felt.
“I know what I’m like, John,” Sherlock said. “I’m not a thing anyone should want.”
“Our official cover story,” Sherlock said, “is that we are the new caretakers the O’Sullivans have hired for the island, meant to replace the recently deceased Declan Moore. It would seem a bit odd for the O’Sullivans to hire two British fellows to oversee a quintessentially Irish tourist destination. People would wonder. Wondering leads to remembering. Remembering leads to talking. We want our sheep-murderer to think nobody is after him.”
“A downside of being moderately attractive,” Sherlock explained. “Someone is bound to stare.”
John watched Sherlock try to fight the smile that crept over his features. The thing flickered and wavered but proved to be stronger than Sherlock. Sherlock wrapped a hand around John’s face. “That sounds about right,” he said, the Irish slipping out of his accent. He pressed his lips to John’s, and John could barely hear the Scandinavian ladies hooting just beyond them.
“I’m yours,” John said. “God, I’m yours, Sherlock. I've always been yours.” He lifted his head, trying again to catch Sherlock’s lips on his. Sherlock remained just out of his reach, the corners of that bloody mouth of his lifting into a sly smile.
“Hello poppet,” Gilly chirped as soon as John answered the phone. “You’ve arrived at the cottage, then?” She appeared to be at her flat, seated on her brightly-colored sofa. Everything in Gilly’s flat was brightly-colored. It looked pretty, but it gave John a headache at times.
“It was a necessary component to the unraveling of the mystery,” Sherlock said. He pulled the blankets up higher over his shoulders, nestling closer to John. John was warm and sturdy next to him. “The blog is meant to be a scrupulous documentation of the precise science of deduction. Leaving out a single detail is like trying to build a house without support beams.”
“Keeps me warm,” John said. He did his best not to dwell on the notion of Sherlock tugging at his clothes.
“How old is your daughter?” the cabbie asked.
“Have you, um…” John scratched at his head, “seen Sherlock?”
“This morning,” Sherlock gasped, his mouth still on John’s, “you said you wanted this.”
the situation was, John didn’t care. He would suffer through all of it, if it meant Sherlock was there. John felt as though he might cry again, and he had no earthly idea why. “Whatever you’re up to, I can help. What do you need?” Sherlock was so close and John could smell him, the smell of his shampoo and aftershave and the wool of his coat and all the smells that caused John to choke on his sadness over the past year.
The air left John’s lungs. “God,” he whispered. Underneath the blankets, his cock throbbed. He couldn’t believe how hard he had gotten, and how quickly.
“Perhaps the problem could also be solved if
“She’s rather a lot,” Mrs. Hudson said. “Isn’t she?”
John caught Sherlock’s hand at the wrist, stilling him. He ran a thumb over the smooth skin, the delicate spot where the tendons met. “Haven’t you figured it out yet?” John asked. “I’m not leaving. You can’t be rid of me, Sherlock. You’ll have to rip me out by the bloody roots.”
You shake your head, mostly just to still the rattling in your brain. “I—”
“You could have said no,” John said. “You probably should have said no. Why didn’t you say no, Sherlock? Leave me to sort out my own mess?”
would have stopped listening.”
“Mary?” he called out again, walking back through the upstairs hallway, flicking on lights as he went. “
“Like I said,” Sherlock’s thumb stroked over John’s chest, “useful.”
The restaurant Sherlock chose turned out to be quite nice, and a bit fancier than John was typically comfortable with. The lights were dim and candles flickered across the room and on the tables. John swore he could hear faint classical music playing from somewhere. He wondered if he was underdressed, with his jeans and jumper. Sherlock, of course, was never underdressed. With his immaculate suits that hugged the curves of his body and accentuated his lean figure in the best ways, Sherlock always looked like something that ought to be on display somewhere posh.
you are,” Sherlock said. “I need you to go to Barts and—” he turned, his brow furrowing as he laid eyes on John. “You’re wet.”
Learn me like a lesson plan,
“It’s not
“I type just fine,” John said.
The sheep stared at him, unimpressed.
“And you’re less of an arsehole around children,” John said.
,” John moaned against Sherlock’s mouth.
The whole of John’s body was growing warm. “Sherlock,” he breathed. “Do you love me?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“The presumed
“Right,” John said. He was dripping onto the stairs.
“Um,” John said, finding their lack of death to be much better news than Sherlock did at the moment. “Luck?”
” Conor was yelling. “
Claire and Darren walked them into the building marked
dull,” Sherlock said. “They weren’t even being clever.”
Sherlock’s mouth was open again. His eyes looked deadly. John had absolutely no intention of shutting up.
John shifted his weight onto his good leg, thumbing open his flies. “You’ll have to cut these off me,” he said, nodding down at his trousers. “There’s scissors in the first-aid kit.”
Rosie burped and didn’t spit up and John found the whole ordeal a massive parental victory. He stood, scooping Rosie into one arm and his mobile in the other.
Nothing was lonely or boring about the emptiness if John was there.
John unbuttoned enough of Sherlock’s shirt to uncover the majority of his torso and pushed the material off his shoulders, down his forearms. John’s palms followed the soft fabric as he slid it off Sherlock’s body, the warmth of his hands moving down Sherlock’s arms. Sherlock nearly reached out to him, placed his hands on John’s thighs, enacted Plan 1. He figured it was the painkillers, slowly starting to take hold, dulling his senses and turning bad ideas on their head. John’s eyes were on the bandage in the center of Sherlock’s chest. His mouth was a tight line. He seemed more affected by the sight of the wound today than he had been for the past few days; he must be feeling particularly guilty today.
“I can’t,” Sherlock said.
The man—Sherlock, apparently—rolls his eyes. “Please,” he says.
Sherlock considered. “You’ll let me carry you?”
John sat on Declan’s bed, the mattress creaking underneath him, as Sherlock painstakingly examined the sleeves of each of Declan’s jumpers.
who don’t know a single thing about you. You keep a blog filled to the brim with all your little thoughts and perceptions of me without ever once sharing any of them with me out loud. You pledged your life to a woman with no intentions of actually giving it to her. You speak of the merits of love and yet you have absolutely no idea how to engage in it.
” Sherlock read, the glow of the mobile shining off the sheen of sweat on his face, “
“Was anybody else on the island yesterday?” Sherlock asked.
“We’re just hoping you can get to the bottom of this quickly,” Darren said, “is all.”
stuff.” He positioned a nail over the board and readied his hammer. He glanced up at Fitz again. “Not even with Mary.”
in a fight.”
“You always do,” Sherlock said. “Eventually.”
John covered his face with his hands. “Shit,” he said.
“If it had been the other way around,” John said. “If you were the one in danger, if I was on the roof, I would have done the same. If that was the choice—be dead or watch you die in front of me—I would have jumped too.” He rubbed his hand across Sherlock’s back, feeling the braille of the scars that lined his skin. “You’re a bit too wonderful not to be in this world.”
“Then it’s a fifty-fifty chance.”
Sherlock chuckled. Laughter—that was new. He quite liked it.
Sherlock continued staring at the floor. “I may have convinced the offending couple to call off their wedding.”
“Not exactly,” Sherlock said. “It doesn’t make a lot of sense to flee to a city where one has no contacts. She would need to assume a new identity once there, different from the one associated with the plane ticket, and quickly.” Sherlock fingers flew over his phone. “Fortunately, I’ve maintained some of my Amsterdam contacts from my...” he glanced at John, “time away.”
“I…” you say. “Yes.”
Sherlock gripped John’s arse, lifting him up, pressing John into the brick wall behind them. John moaned in assent and wrapped his legs around Sherlock’s waist, his fingers digging into the fabric of Sherlock’s coat. From this angle, Sherlock had easier access to John’s jaw, his neck, his collarbone, and he made good use of this privilege, his tongue moving across every plane of skin he could reach. He could feel John’s pulse pounding through the veins in his neck and he sunk his teeth into the spot, listening to John gasp into his hair. Sherlock rolled his hips forward again and John cried out, his head hitting the wall with a dull thunk. Sherlock repeated the movement, shuddering slightly as he felt his erection rub against John’s through their trousers.
“Because,” Sherlock said. “You chose her.” His face flickered for just one moment, the barest glimmer of emotion shining through before he closed up again. “She makes you happy,” he said. “She’s what you want. I am to see to it that you have what you want, what makes you happy.” His eyes lifted from his mobile, and it seemed as if Sherlock allowed himself to be back with John, his face open and warm. “I want you to be happy. Always.”
“The journal pages,” John breathed. “The ones that were missing.” John reached in and pulled the pages out. They were crinkled and a bit worn, but they appeared mostly intact.
you’re the pain I’ll always choose.
, printed in large, scrawling text. There wasn’t. Instead, someone had scribbled something on it—a note, written in flowing black ink.
“That’s something, at least,” John muttered. He cleared his throat. “So. Based on what I remember. You were...behind me?”
John shrugged. The mood had been going strong since Sherlock’s brief exile. John accepted that being worried about Sherlock was to be his natural state at the moment.
Sherlock’s footsteps paused just at the landing. He didn’t move any further. John pictured him standing just at the entrance to the sitting room, surveying the scene. Deducing. Nothing was amiss downstairs, but leave it to Sherlock to be able to detect danger from nothing. He heard a squeak in the floorboards, a light shift in weight. Sherlock turning, glancing up the stairs.
Somewhere in John’s rapid-firing, disjointed mind, he felt quite like the biscuit-thieving man at the moment. It both did and didn’t make sense simultaneously.
“Cameras,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock chuckled. “Is it?”
“Did you know,” John said, “that we’ve been together over four years now?”
Sherlock propped himself up on an elbow, gazing down at John with an amused expression. “Of course we can’t
“For part of the day,” Claire said. “We left before dark.”
, he said, fingers running over the edge of a photograph.
“Nice place,” John said.
“Fair enough,” Lestrade said. “Just don’t expect me to put out.” He winked.
Lucy lowered her head and tugged at a blade of grass with her teeth. She began munching slowly.
“Inconsequential,” Sherlock said.
John only ran faster.
Sherlock tugged at the seams of John’s vest, drenched in sweat, and John lifted his arms as high as he could muster at the moment. Sherlock peeled the slick fabric off John’s skin and tossed it to the side. It had bloodstains in spots and would likely be binned along with the remains of John’s trousers. John shifted on the bed, wincing as he tried to lay back.
(See the end of the chapter for
It starts with fingers bleeding,
John pinched at his nose. “Jesus. Sherlock.”
I’m versatile, as you can tell.
John was afraid that Sherlock would pull his hand away as soon as Hugh and Birdy disappeared, but he didn’t. He ran his thumb over John’s knuckles, his gaze dropping from John’s once more. Neither of them spoke, and John found himself rather unsure of what to say at the moment.
John crept back over to Sherlock, taking care to point the gun away from him. He crouched at the other side of the window, listening.
John texted. In truth, Sherlock was right. He would have preferred rhubarb. But the knowledge of what kind of jam he preferred was something a boyfriend would possess and Sherlock was not his boyfriend. Sherlock was very clearly not his boyfriend. Sherlock would, very clearly, never be his boyfriend.
,” John said.
John sighed and smiled despite himself. The smiles were hurting less and less as the night wore on. “Why not?” he said.
Sherlock stared at John with disbelieving eyes. “You run
have those feelings?”
(See the end of the chapter for
John did as instructed, sliding off the sofa and crawling over to Sherlock, who had sidled up to a window and was peeking out of the corner of the curtains.
each other, they can’t survive without the other. The two together create something larger than themselves, something that builds and grows and takes over and
I wore the cast for two long months.
“It doesn’t matter,” Sherlock repeated. He finally lifted his head, looking back at John with glossy eyes. “I am uninhabitable, John. I know what I am. I know
but I cannot paint the warmth of you
“Silver bullets?” John asked, a little smile twitching at the corner of his mouth.
“Can we…?” John asked, breathless, his fingers dipping lower, seeking Sherlock’s center. “Do you have…?”
John caught up to Sherlock in the field, although he could see from a ways off where Sherlock was headed. A sheep had met its end in the night all right, and John didn’t need to get particularly close to know that it had been sliced through the middle like all the others. The rain had taken hold of the sheep’s blood and entrails, sweeping them down the hill in a long, gory trail. The remaining sheep seemed to be keeping their distance, and John couldn’t say he blamed them.
Sherlock nodded, his fingers still tracing the outline of John’s face, enjoying this perk of his recently-developed fine motor control.
to the individual in question. And that, as you can imagine, does not happen very often.”
“Have you solved me, then?” you ask. Your voice sounds distant.
Mrs. Hudson is going to have his skin when she finds out.”
“Wouldn’t want that,” Sherlock said, and licked a thin line up the length of John’s cock just as he pushed his fingers as far inside of John as he could. John let out a string of disjointed words, a muddled-together set of
John reminded himself.
John sat up on the sofa, doing his best to straighten his hair. “May I point out,” he said to Mrs. Hudson, “that you advocated for this.” He gestured between him and the not-closed bedroom door, through which Sherlock was currently changing.
Mary turned from the cot, leaning her back against the wooden rails as she looked at John. “We aren’t going to be able to do this,” she said, “if you keep being so angry with me.”
It was only when Sherlock was fully inside, his hips flush against John’s arse, arms wrapped tight around John’s chest, pulling John as close as he could, that John could feel Sherlock’s heart hammering, knocking against John’s back. Sherlock’s breathing was unsteady and his arms were shaking slightly and he pressed the softest of kisses to John’s neck and John loved him so much it was like a physical pain.
” he shouted behind him. “
He lands his deep-sea eyes on you and blinks once, just once. That blink is enough to let you know that he didn’t plan for you, didn’t see you coming, didn’t anticipate you approaching him in this Tube compartment, asking about his artificially-twisted lip. Then he looks away, his face a chalkboard filled with nothing.
John cursed, the mobile nearly leaping from his hands as he tried to catch up with Sherlock’s ramblings despite the flurry of incoming messages.
“You’re always wrong,” Sherlock muttered. “You’d think you’d be used to being wrong by now.”
with doors that were slammed and friends that fell through,
“Sherlock...” John started.
he had said with all the pride of a child who recently learned to count to ten.
,” John hissed. “Give me a
We have quite the storied history,
Hugh wriggled a bit in Sherlock’s grip, but Sherlock held him firm. “I was just paying you lads a visit,” Hugh said. It was difficult to see, but his voice sounded like he was attempting a smile. It also sounded like he was not very successful in his attempt.
John,” he said. “He’s interested in the sheep. Which,” Sherlock narrowed his eyes, glancing over John’s shoulder in the direction of the back half of the island, “neither of us are watching at the moment.” At that, he pushed past John, heading for the path that led back to the east side of the island.
“Don’t think I am,” John said.
*           *           *
The tub hadn’t even fully drained by the time they were back in Sherlock’s bedroom, collapsed in a tangle on Sherlock’s bed. They had barely taken the time to dry off and were still pink and damp from the water. John’s hair was dripping and Sherlock’s curls were a frizzed mess. John watched little beads of water drip down the curves of Sherlock’s chest and wanted to lick each one off him individually. He wanted to lick every inch of Sherlock, if he could. He decided to try.
“Christ, Sherlock,” John warned, but he didn’t move his mouth from Sherlock’s.
And Sherlock did.
John had a little chuckle at the thought of Sherlock Holmes being careful, and his stomach pointed out that it was now feeling ill for two reasons. “I’ll just see how he’s getting on back there,” John attempted to drawl, rising to his feet only to nearly be knocked over again as the boat shuddered over yet another wave. He stumbled his way towards the back of the boat, looking and feeling a bit drunk. Fitz trotted along beside him, staring up at him with what looked to be an amused expression, as if John was the funniest-behaving human on the whole of this ship.
“No electricity means no light,” Claire said. “Previous caretakers found it best to plan their day around the sun. Wake up early, get to any chores and exploring you need to do in the morning, turn in once the light fades. We’ve stocked you up with plenty of candles, and you’ll find two head torches in the cupboard there, but it can still get quite dark out here at night. Coming from the city, you might not be used to the dark.”
John looked up at Sherlock. “What are you saying?”
“I didn’t know you had nightmares,” John said.
So John did.
“I’m not done with the thumb one yet.”
The food they had was a motley assortment and John struggled a bit with the gas cooker, but he somehow managed to piece together a meal that seemed mostly edible, something with rice and beans and vegetables and a sauce that tasted somewhat acceptable. He reckoned that it was a toss-up regarding whether or not Sherlock would eat, but he fixed him a plate anyway.
“SHERLOCK,” John shouted. “
“Why are we following him?” you ask.
” Gilly had popped off the ground and appeared to be jumping up and down. “You’ve made me so
Mary chuckled, her face sheer amusement. “It would seem your bar fighting days are behind you, Doctor Watson.”
harder on her, now didn’t he? He sat down on his bed, heaving a sigh. The conversation he was to have with Gilly—whether in person or whether she forced it out of him over the phone—was certain to be long and thoroughly unpleasant. They’d had rows before that lasted longer than John thought reasonable, and those were only over small infractions. Gilly was likely to want to discuss his desire to break things off because he was in love with someone else for a
Angelo’s brow furrowed. “I don’t print
John nodded.
“We’re just…friends,” John said, although the word didn’t seem to fully capture what Sherlock was to him anymore. Mike Stamford was John’s friend. Greg Lestrade was John’s friend. Sherlock was...something else. There were times when it felt as if Sherlock were the center of John’s life, the lens through which John saw the world, the reason John got out of bed during the times when he couldn’t think of a good enough reason on his own. Mike and Greg were nice blokes, but to lump Sherlock in the same category with them seemed a gross oversimplification as to what Sherlock meant to John. “Good friends,” John clarified, although even that seemed not quite right.
“Indeed,” Sherlock said, turning another page. “If Declan was in trouble with the Taibhse Brothers, I’d say he made some regrettable decisions indeed.”
The edge started to come into view; John reached for it desperately. It would be a big fall, he knew it as he got closer. He could almost imagine the sound of Sherlock’s moan when he would cum. Almost.
“Bollocks! What?” Horrified, John lifted his shoe gingerly but didn’t see anything. He looked back to Sherlock only to see the detective sniggering, “Do you really believe every word I say?”
Sherlock spent a good fifteen minutes shivering on the shore, stubbornly refusing to frolic about in the water like some dopehead. But he gave in once he realized that John was no longer giving his tantrum any attention.
Those… weren’t echoes.
It was possibly one of the best cases they’d had together. Sherlock was on absolute fire, his eyes had never before seemed so bright and his entire form had been shaking nonstop all day, (mostly due to the fact that he had yet to eat in the past three days, but also possibly a mixture of adrenaline and excitement). The stakeout had been barely twenty minutes, both John and Sherlock waiting by the warehouse, prepared to see the face behind the multiple kidnappings. The moment they had spotted him, John had seen the gun. He had thrown Sherlock to the ground without warning and the shot rang not a second later. Sherlock gasped and tried to lift his head,
For a second, John was concerned that he was hearing things, but a quick and painful pinch and then a jump out of his bed confirmed that the sounds were most definitely real and coming from the other side of his bedroom door.
John felt the bright blast of pain and he felt his body cry for an immediate retreat, but that instinct was battered down in the wake of his years of training. In a coordinated series of moves, John kicked the fallen knife away, twisted out of the man’s proximity and swung a strong kick right to the man’s forehead. He was out cold before he even touched the ground.
His fist started to move faster, precum oozing out in copious amounts. Each squeeze and tug brought him deeper into his fantasy.
Then the door opened.
God he’d give anything just to touch his flatmate. Just to feel and watch Sherlock masterbate and give in to the animalistic desire of his body. Just once!
John didn’t waste any more time, he rushed over to the man with the gun, and slammed his whole weight into his back. The man fell forward and the sickening crunch of his arms told of more than one snapped bone. John kept one knee on the man and swiftly took the gun and unloaded its rounds, stowing the bullets into his pocket. Without missing a beat, Sherlock managed to get a leg behind his attacker and head-checked him onto the dirty cement.
He only needed to shoot once, a purposeful miss, to alert the man. Then, there was a chase, the man had clearly made a runner for it, knowing that he was far outmatched in number and skills. John and Sherlock bolted after him, Sherlock once again using his perfect London road map to their advantage. They leapt past taxis and narrowly missed several pedestrians walking on the crosswalks. Swiftly, Sherlock climbed up a building to quickly get access to a deeper alleyway, John right on his heels. Then, they both saw the man right beneath them jumping on some bins to get over a fence. With perfect synchronization, they smashed down into the kidnapper right over the bins.
So... this was originally going to be a one-shot. It is now a two shot... if it turns out to be a three-shot I am going to just throw my metaphorical pen onto the floor.
But there was no doubt that Sherlock Holmes, the fucking gorgeous consulting detective, was a major component to why his hormones refused to die down.
The first touches of his orgasm were coming and Sherlock felt as though he were on an electric live wire. He wanted to continue, oh god he needed to! His fist was flying on his cock and his legs were splaying more and more and he was thrusting… but he had to stop! He needed this to take more time! It couldn’t end now! Fuck, he was getting past the point where he could make that decision, his hand was on autopilot, and his heart was pulsing at a wonderfully high rhythm.
It was a case, of course. A seven on the Sherlockian scale, and by all means an active seven. There were no less than four chases that happened over the course of the past week. One of which was in the countryside and spanned over a good three miles. Granted that was less of a chase and more of a fast-paced tracking, allowing John to finally make use of his old field-training. Today had been a combination of a stakeout, chase, fist and gun fight and then an ultimate arrest.
Edging had been one of his more favorite ways to masterbate as a teen and he was proud to say he had perfected it to an art; knowing the exact second that it would be too late and knowing just when to stop. His heart rate slowly came back down, his previously nonexistent senses now came back online and he found that he was seeing his room again and hearing the old pipes groaning and hearing the echoes of his desperate fapping.
The hand would have had long, thin fingers that could wrap around him perfectly. Manicured nails and a soft, somewhat cool touch. He imagined the skin to be light and creamy, perhaps on the side of delicate and well-defined so he could see each tendon pulling those fingers taut.
John could be in fatigues, perhaps his gun was holstered, and he would be touching Sherlock. Tugging his hair and cradling his head and telling him how good he looked and how brilliant he was, and how badly John wanted to cum in his gorgeous mouth.
“Prick.” John said, not unaffectionately. The cab stopped by and they headed back to Baker Street.
After laying on the rocky sand for a solid minute to catch their breath from the ridiculous turn of events, they realized that it was much colder outside of the lake. Adamant that they were not about to walk around in soaking clothes, and realizing that they had at least another two hours until they could expect some help from the yard, John promptly stripped himself down to nothing but bare skin and hopped back into the lake.
John breathed deeply, subconsciously searching for the smell that never failed to arouse him, and frustratingly failing to find it. His hand moved slowly, leisurely, feeling each vein as he passed his hand over the head. Eventually, he made for the lube, needing this to be faster and smoother.
“How the hell did you see that? You were fighting off the other geezer with a knife!”
“Thought the cacker looked a little dim.” John sniggered.
John started giggling which made Sherlock snicker which, in turn, made John snort and laugh louder.
“You two are bloody idiots!” Greg huffed, three or four other coppers came with handcuffs to detain the robbers and that left Greg to stare at John and Sherlock with as much disapproval that he could.
The first man they had tackled on the bins had broken his leg, and was out of ammo, the other man with a gun was trying to aim for Sherlock and was clearly not experienced in handling firearms. The man was shouting for his knife-wielding friend to get out of the damn way, and tried shooting at Sherlock. His shots went far and wide and the other man either didn’t hear him or chose to ignore him as he continued to trade swipes and kicks with Sherlock.
“Indeed. The second gunman is a bed wetter and it appears he wet himself when he saw you running at him.”
He ducked and swerved, delivering a powerful downward punch to the man’s wrist, before kneeing his way directly up into the man’s liver. There was a sharp wheeze of breath and the knife fell, then the giant righted himself up. His left arm came with a sharp hook and just barely missed John’s cheek, but the man’s elbow met the mark.
