The fact that she hadn’t said his name to the others seemed a glaring red signal too. Tony was sure everyone present minus Thor knew about Ivan by now but for some reason she didn’t want them to know she thought he was alive. Why?
The guy wearing the smirk wasn’t in uniform but Steve could tell he’d served just by the way he carried himself. That sort of training just never left you, and it was the easiest way to spot another soldier. The guy’s scent blockers were good. Even Steve’s serum sensitive nose couldn’t pick up his designation what with the crowd, but what he could pick up was distinctively sharp, lacking the muddled and slightly sour undertone that came from those who’d been subjected to domestication drugs. It was only noticeable if you knew to look for it.
“Cap, Iron Man, status report.” Natasha demanded over the comm.
“No, that would be extremely rude. I’m inviting Tony to dinner,” the tom answered with a grin, his eyes flicked to Steve who was watching them both now, not quite able to hide his distaste for the idea.
“Seems highly unfair,” Steve grumbled, and Thor winced as he added, “Wasn’t her idea to be a war hostage.”
From triumph to trouble and more trouble on top, to this. Whatever
The Winter Soldier might be a ghost story, but Tony had a fairly good idea now how to get his attention.
He crossed the short distance between them to grab the tom by his shoulders and pull him in for a kiss. A chaste kiss by Tony's standards but it was warm and sweet, and it made it easier to nuzzle against Bruce's chest and make sure he smelled like Tony's just in case anybody was in danger of forgetting.
All the tension that had been in her body a moment ago melted away, replaced by such a confident mask that if the memory wasn’t burned into his brain he’d be tempted to think he’d imagined the way she’d looked so vulnerable when he’d first walked in.
“I like tom-person.” Bruce suggested. “but Tom-guy has a certain amount of pizazz. It’s very you.”
“Natasha?” he prompted, but her eyes were fixed up on the picture and Tony wondered if she’d even heard him. She was keeping her emotions tightly guarded, but Tony couldn’t muster up anger over it now. They were alike in that way, each preferring to lick their wounds in private, holding together in solitude and hiding their bleeding wounds from the vultures they knew to fear.
Tony blinks in surprise, unsure what sort of answer Yinsen is looking for. He knows that when teachers as questions they’re looking for
“When you’re an engineer you’ve got to learn that half your job is realizing what a shitty job you’ve done and making it better. Iron Man mark one is a pile of sheets and bolts somewhere in the Afghan desert. Do you think I should have just stopped there because the first model wasn’t perfect?”
The thief curses in Hungarian as he is roughly searched. The officer, finding Tony's small wallet glances about. Spotting him standing with Yinsen beside the car his eyes widen in recognition. Few people are rich enough for private vehicles and everyone who doesn't know his Uncle Isiah says Tony's the spitting image of his father.
~*~*~
On the surface it might have appeared that only Tony really mattered. Tony was the queen. He was the one with the ability to tie them all together. But that was the surface for you.
"And we're not any closer to figuring out what they wanted with the kats at the shelter?"
"It's been recording him. Even if the tracking chip was destroyed shortly after it was planted I knew I could get him to talk to me before he disappeared again. Cute kitten like me, falling right into his arms? Of course he was going to talk. But I didn't get much and I was worried it wasn't going to be enough, so these additional soundbites are a gold mine. JARVIS and I have been working on a deconstruction device for modified sound bites." Tony explained waving a hand at the mess of his work station.
“Mr. Stark, after winning this landmark court case how are you feeling? Do you have anything to say to the people’s fears that allowing kats into doctorate level programs will irreparably damage the integrity of our educational system?”
Neither it or the playroom that Hughard builds him full of mechanical toys that click and whir as their pistons and cogs move so that Tony can finally go to sleep without crawling into bed with them.
He watched with the others as the lights dimmed, unsure what to expect as JARVIS began a projection show and Tony began to talk again.
Bruce had a point Tony thought, swallowing thickly as he observed the silently playing videos from new perspective. Without the clinical lenses, it was suddenly easier to appreciate how young they were, how they threw themselves into their mission with fervor and how they worked together with familiarity and the kind of ease that only came with intimacy.
Tony grimaced. He did not doubt that Barnes didn’t have much practice with shields and bonds, but T’Challa had a point. Somebody out there had knowledge of the Alurio that they shouldn’t have, and they’d already used it to create soldiers. He couldn’t discount the fact that the mercenaries might be connected in some way to the KGB.
"I am sorry to disturb your rest my friends. But Tony your presence is needed."
“Thank you for agreeing to come.” T’Challa murmured, ending the not uncomfortable silence. They both seemed to have a lot on their minds. “And for agreeing on a fresh start. It means a great deal to me.”
Ivan shoves his trembling flesh hand into his pocket and quickens his step.
He’d never seen Natasha looking so done in. It wasn’t helping his panic any or the sharp twist of guilt in his gut as he felt realizing that she’d placed herself at risk for him and if she died it would be –
“You ought to think about cleaning up too if you’re going out.”
Fuck.
“Look Tony, a man just blew up in a public shopping center. Fifteen dead, including a mother and her two children, multiple people in critical condition. People don't feel safe, and they need to know that the same rules that apply to them apply to everyone. You can't be special.”
“Neat. Are you hungry? I’m starving. Missed out on lunch. What do you like? Cheese burgers? Pizza? Indian? Ever had lobster? I could go for some lobster.”
“My cologne really not doing it for you?”
The adult thing to do here was at least hear the man out. Fuck but he hated adulthood. Whose crummy idea was that?
“Starks on level two and it looks like he’s made some friends. I have visual but I can’t get to him. Got a glow stick I can’t get rid of.” Natasha reported.
“That I needed the quickest way to get inside his head. I did it didn’t I? I got inside his head,” he answered sluggishly as Natasha laid her fingers against his temple, as if she could still feel the pain throbbing there, even though Tony was pointedly shielding them all from it.
“Do you really think you can burry your past that easily?” It snarled at them.
“You gonna be alright?” Rhodey asked and Tony rolled his eyes.
“You’re sharing sensitive information with your teammates?” Pepper sounded pleasantly surprised by this. “I’m impressed. Does this mean I can count on you keeping your head down and letting someone else take the risks for once?”
Glancing coldly back at Luke he sneered, "Maybe that’s what you and all the other conservo-nazis on the planet think, but for your information, I chose to belong to Phil and he chose to belong to me. That is how a relationship works."
The problem is Tony. The problem is that while future him seems undeniably happy he can’t deny there’s something not quite right about the way that whole scene had played out. He’s seeing it all differently now, as if someone has applied a colored filter and there’s no going back. He has this sneaking suspicion that he can’t shake but that he isn’t going to give voice to. It’s just there. This sense of wrongness. This mystery he could unravel (except he won’t).
"Yes Sir," Tony answers promptly because he's not stupid enough to get on Hughard's nerves when there are torpedoes at stake.
“You may want to consider it.” Pepper reminded him as she handed him the second bundle in her arms, a large stack of file folders. “If you’re serious about this whole island thing you need senatorial sway and Stone has more than a few in his pocket. Twist his arm a bit. Try not to snap it.”
“You’re gonna train me to be an
“Quiet, quiet he’s on!” Amory calls, turning up the volume on the TV as a reporter thrusts a microphone under the nose of the handsome young fel who fills their screen, larger than life somehow. He’s nothing like them, timid mousey creatures that they are. He’s full color, sharp in tooth and tongue, and he’s just so
He’s a dog with a bone, and his masters have learned it is better to use that than to fight it.
Obadiah, like always, seems to know the question at the top of his mind without Tony needing to ask.
Damn him, but Tony was tempted to believe he meant it, to read something that wasn’t actually there into the praise – into a gift that could have been any expensive trinket, but was armor instead. Amor fit for a Queen. That strange fluttering in his chest died swiftly though at what the tom said next.
“Incoming!” Tony shouted a warning, and Steve looked up and only had just enough time to bring his shield around to avoid being kicked in the chest by the dark clad figure of Prince T’Challa as he dropped off the ceiling beams.
“Yeah. I’m good, just in the middle of an evolutionary crisis. So, okay. New plan. I need a tiny screwdriver. The tiniest one you can find. Be fast. I’ll be upstairs.”
“I’m with you. One hundred percent. You know that.”
“That was quite the match,” Coulson noted as Tony and the rest of those just finishing the game filed into the observation booth. The agent was eyeing Prince T’Challa speculatively. “Hopefully getting punched in the face isn’t going to result in an international incident?”
"Really? Because I bonded with Natasha without much of a problem. Maybe because she's not such a self-righteous asshole."
JARVIS who was neither funny nor helpful, brought up Tony’s schedule with the date marked in red.
A completely expected but no less enthusiastic for it cheer went around the hall and when the rabble had died Bastet turned to Thor’s mother who was standing with his father a ways behind the bride.
In Tony's defense, he's had a lot on his plate what with dying again and trying to fix everything so that his people are taken care of if he croaks before he's ready. And Tony was so not ready to die, but it wasn't like fate ever bothered asking him when it came knocking.
"Is that your way of dodging the question Debar? It's not very good. JARVIS how are we on the CAT-MAN algorithm?"
Amory nodded, a relieved smile curling his mouth he went back to his work, fingers flying through blue dots and binary codes with renewed confidence.
“I apologize.” T’Challa returned shortly in reply. “I should have been more precise. I meant you are not bonded and you do not share his scent. Among our kind, that means you are still free to entertain suitors.”
[Pause for unintelligible murmur from crowd]
Ivan narrows his eyes at her and grunts in perfect Spanish that she is a cheat and she’ll charge him fairly if she knows what’s good for her, as a hand slides around his waist and Wanda’s familiar scent fills his nose. It’s spicy like nutmeg with a hint of sweet plums at the edges.
“I mourned Ivan many years ago Tony.” She finally answered. “And if I have to mourn him again, then I won’t do it alone, but with the family I chose.”
“The Spiderman might be a good start.” Bruce suggested. “He saw them up close. He could maybe tell us something the security cameras can’t.”
"Not from where I'm standing.” Sam answered easily, confusing Steve. It had sounded like Sam had made a bet with someone that his relationship with Tony couldn’t be real, and if it wasn’t because he and Tony were such an odd pair on paper. But Sam thankfully didn’t leave him wondering for long.
Tony had been over all of the footage from the fight in the mall and debriefed with the other members of the team. Clint had heard the male fel she was with call the witchy fel Wanda when she was downed by one of the rebel kits. One of the rebels had been injured and down for the count. Her male companion was being restrained by the last of them. Whatever their aims, the rebels had surrendered easily when Steve and Clint had arrived, with backup following behind. They’d continued to ben cooperative when Steve explained that they were going to be taken into SHIELD custody.
Tony hummed, as if he was actually considering it and not his exits.
Lightning arced through his veins, hot and quick, burning brightly behind his eyes until he though his eyeballs would burst into flames right there in his sockets.
"Not if you annoy me by pissing off Dyson Construction before we have a viable replacement."
Tony was careful to keep the confident smile fixed on his face and his stride easy as he weaved through the crowded room over toward the bar. Something with vodka ought to do it.
“Are we going home?” Phil chirped hopefully, twisting that knife of guilt. His sandy hair was flopping as he moved his head between Nyota and his older sister. “Are we going to see mom and dad?”
It said something she wasn't ready to think about that she hesitated at the thought that Cap wasn't going to be happy about the risk she was taking. Poor Steve, whose loved ones refused to live quiet lives and let him take all the bullets and come home to dote on them. She wondered briefly if this was the mission that would do it. Every mission could kill her, she wasn't naive or arrogant enough to believe otherwise. That was her strength. She accepted the possibility of death without fear. She must trust her skillset. Her body. Her aim. Her determination to push harder and go farther than her opponent.
Coming soon: Birth of a Pride part 2, AKA the Avengers do Asgard and Tony and Steve reach an understanding. There are fireworks.
Robert's face twitched but a moment later he nodded with a sympathetic hum that sounded perfectly rehearsed.
He doesn’t have to push, but if he doesn’t… what happens to the Harleys, the Natasha’s, the Bruces, the Clints… who are coming after them?
“That is not true. Buck you know that’s not true”. He can hear Steve now, and the mist is thinning, he can see Steve, standing at the roots of a giant tree, facing a man Tony barely recognized as the one from old photos and video reals because this vision, this is all Steve, and the James Buchanan Barnes of his mind is too beautiful to be quite earthly. His skin was fucking glowing and there were flames in his eyes.
Sonia hummed lowly in thought, a hint of malice in her smile as she shrugged her dainty shoulders and replied, “on the contrary. Negro kats are a very popular breed this year. They are the closest to true Alurio as you said.”
and he grinned viciously in response.
The pull he felt towards the tower (and Tony in the tower) was a tangible thing now, but he tried not to let it scare him, or to wonder too long why Tony hadn’t broached the subject of bonding yet. He and Steve were still working on it, and once this whole mess with the Winter Soldier was figured out, he told himself then Tony would do it. He couldn’t possibly have any reason not to. Right?
“My sweet boy, who thinks with so much passion and not enough with caution.” She kisses his cheek and he hugs her tight. She rises with him, and he burrows against her chest, breathing in her wonderful familiar scent.
“For what?” Tony asked warily, brown eyes guarded and Steve could have cursed out loud.
“She likely had another ten minutes left in her,” T’Challa allowed with amusement. Glancing apologetically in Rhodey’s direction he concluded, “But I was hoping that I might have a word with you alone.”
Steve looked shocked as Tony spat out the words with vehemence, keeping unusually silent as Tony rose from his chair to jab his finger in Fury's direction.
It was strange. Clint got the feeling that Phil was saying more than he'd actually said. It left him with the feeling of having missed something vital in the conversation. For his part Luke just finished rewrapping Clint's bandages, and stood once more.
Thor related distractions were at a steady 10% likelihood due to having to split his time between Jane’s, the tower and Asgard.
Except, This is Clint and (Tony sniffs) he doesn't smell fearful or under duress. He's not a victim and he's far from helpless. Though his claws are in and he looks calm and composed sitting there perched on the couch arm, striped tail curled up against one leg, Tony has seen first hand how 'not a victim' Clint Barton is. If he says he wants to shack up the boss man Tony trusts that he knows what he's about.
“Getting close to you was necessary by any means. It pains me to say that because I know it is the reason you will not believe me when I say that doing so was a pleasure I had not anticipated. The conflict I felt in my purpose for being here is the closest I’ve ever come to regretting the love I bear for my people.”
It was a little slice of heaven on a cold winters night, and Tony could appreciate how romantic a gesture it was. Business dinner his ass. The cuisine was his favorite (curtesy of his mother, who had never let being sold to a French jewelry merchant make her forget her roots in Sicily) the private setting was just as he secretly preferred (no plastic smiles and carefully crafted masks for the cameras) and the song was a childhood favorite. It was kind of touching that T’Challa had put these things together about him and cared enough to cater to his tastes, until he remembered that the tom only had that knowledge because he’d gotten close under entirely false pretenses.
“The blood armor?” RaTu shook her head. “Nay, for it is a living part of us.”
Someone rapped on the window closest to Pepper and Tony smiled when he looked to see that it was Rhodey, in full uniform and looking very serious about the whole affair as he opened the back door for her.
There may have been an alarming incident the first week when Fury had showed up to yell at him for experimental at home medical procedures, and he’d thought rather vehemently that the man should go jump off a bridge, and to everyone’s astonishment the guy had stopped mid rant and tried to jump out a window. Oops.
“Natasha, six o’clock!” Bruce warned as the leopard spotted Dora Milaje that T’Challa had called Nakia landed on the bridge behind her, a gleaming ivory hilt - of what Steve had already discovered for himself (most unfortunately) was some sort of energy blade - clamped between her teeth.
“Of course. The Benu is an old African myth. Any textbook would have told you that Ms. Romanov.”
Oh great. Just what he loved.
“Good.” He keeps his eyes lowered in shame until he feels his father’s firm arm come around his back and he smiles as he is lifted into his father’s arms and nuzzled soundly as they begin to walk again. He’s going to be the Black Panther one day, as mighty a Hunter as his uncle, but he’s happy that for a few years yet he’s still small enough for his father to carry.
He doesn't even look at her. He can't know that in minutes she'll be dead, not when he's seventeen and stupid (selfish) but he knows now how it will end, and sometimes he lets it play.
They were so different from one another, too different maybe, and Cap was bound to realize sooner or later Tony would never be as good a person as he wanted to be and then what?
“Wow, that’s overstating things a bit don’t you think?” Tony shot back, insulted by the very idea that he’d been so outclassed by his opponent that he’d needed rescuing from a literal child.
“Are you both ready?”
Of course Clint was fine with his wing-pack but it was against the rules to use it in game, so this match at least was a draw.
“But the son of a bitch is the best man I’ve ever flown with.” Rhodes finished with a firm squeeze of Sam’s shoulder. With a grin he released the slighter man with another small pat and turned with the clear intention to exit. “He’s also a big fan and wouldn’t shut up until I introduced you. Is my work here done?”
"Every last inch." he replied with a snap to his tone. "It's still in beta phase right now, cause when Thor said wedding I wasn't expecting to have to fight off a dragon, but I'd still bet it against anything you've got."
When Tony's first heat had come, Robert had been all for "allowing" Ty to see the Stark kitten, as if he hadn't been pushing Ty to woo him almost before the onset of puberty.
"I'm sure you don't. But it is so very sad isn't it, how some of your kin could be so reckless as to leave progeny abandoned on a hostile world? Won't you now show them the kindness their ancestors forgot?" Firgga asked with a pleasant as pie smile, and Tony was beginning to really like Thor's mom.
"How long have Helen and Bruce been a thing?" he leaned down to whisper in Tony’s ear.
“Just be friendly to him Tony, we need this contract. The stock took a dip after that story they printed with you and that woman from Exon . Now settle down, I know it was my idea to chat her up but I didn’t tell you to let her cuff you to the damn bed post. Then the silly bitch loses the key. I tell you boy you know how to pick em.”
“What to take notes?” Clint scoffed. “You don’t care what any of those old windbags are saying anyway. And you don’t read any of the briefings, so why should I waste my time putting them together when we could both be doing something much more fun?”
Pietro is certainly quick, but he lacks Wanda’s discipline and keen eye for observation. Sometimes this is good too.
"And while some of us are lucky to land in luxuries lap, I'm sure you'd agree that while suicide rates and wrongful deaths due to mistreatment are still at a staggering high in this country, that finding a solution should be our primary focus?"
"I believe you Rogers. That's what baffles me. You don't even like Stark, but you put yourself between him and what amounts to a bomb. Is that because of the bond that nobody wants to acknowledge is growing between all of us, or are you really just that noble?"
“It’s not a problem. That’s actually what I wanted to talk to you about.” Tony withdrew the thin bundle of folded documents from the pocket of his suit jacket and placed them in the young woman’s hands. “It’s the deed to the condo you’re staying in. I’d like you and Harley to stay there, indefinitely.”
He’d never thought to have a real friend again, or anything close to a partner, but there it was. He cared and Tony seemed intent on all but elbowing his way past Bruce's defenses, so when he cooked (and the probability of Bruce making a meal seemed to increase the longer Tony spent locked up in his lab) he did it on the common floor with getting Tony to eat in mind. By the time the others had moved in and established something of a normal routine it had just seemed to stick.
Maya Hansen was standing near the operating table, a pair of security types on either side of her, clearly there to prevent her interference as Killian leaned over Tony who was conscious now and cursing furiously at Stone, who was standing at the edge of the table closest to his head watching the proceedings with a dark expression.
"Cuddling with Stark?" Steve arched a golden brow with a huff of breath. "I think he'd try scratching my eyes out first. He doesn't like me very much."
“Changing it?” Tony asked innocently. “No just some minor upgrades.”
That light show that had gone off in his head... Steve didn't even know how much he'd needed that until it was happening. His eyes stung, like he might start crying and he grimaced at himself.
“That’s not your call Captain,” Coulson reminded him but with a wry twist of lips he concluded, “But in this instance Director Fury happens to agree. He’s assembling a SHIELD strike team to handle this issue directly. Pride Avengers will consult. The public needs to see you’re willing to be a mitigating force against potential Gata threats.”
“Tony! How’s that drop looking?” he panted into his comm link, gritting his teeth in frustration. Above him he heard the quiet clinking that meant T’Challa was back in the rafters again, watching and smirking down at him.
“Sir? I feel I must remind you that Prince T’Challa advised that you take bonding slowly.” JARVIS, the worlds biggest mother hen chose that moment to rain on his parade. Tony made a face.
Steve had read up on the war in Afghanistan, but there had been nothing about furthering the Gata-Soldier project in any of the debriefs he’d been given.
“And even if we succeed it’s not like we’re just going to wake up one day and we’ll be home again.”
. And though he didn’t say it expressly like that the kid seemed to get it because he turned and ran from the room, and not a minute too soon because a second or so after he disappeared from view Tony heard the front door being kicked open.
This was... playing. This was nibbling on ears, rubbing whiskers and twining tails because it felt good. The sort of kittenish behavior that fed the dark belly of the porn tubes, and that Tony had abandoned long ago outside mutually beneficial one night stands when he realized how quickly a purr was construed to mean asking for it.
It was quiet in the room except for the sound of breathing, some harsher than others, and Natasha watched silently as Tony swallowed back his emotions, drawing inward behind walls that seemed all the more glaring now for how close the touch of his mind had been only seconds before.
"That might be so," Luke allowed with a small nod, peering deeply into the middle distance as he pondered. "It is still strange, to think on the legends I was told as a boy, not just as stories traded by old men but as a part of history. I am realizing that perhaps I do not know as much about the world as I thought I did."
Steve grunted, smiling through the discomfort of thin sensitive skin stretching for the first time, to come back with, “Could do this all day.”
‘Are you alright’ his eyes asked, and she let her brooding slide away for the time being. She was getting awfully maudlin lately, and sooner or later she’d deal with the root cause, but now she needed to focus. She nodded slightly in answer to the unspoken question and turned her attention back to their guests.
“You all laugh but I’ve dated some toms. Had a guy try and pee on me once, and listen no hate, no shame, but that’s not my kink.”
His name had become a plea on Steve’s lips and Tony could have stopped it, he even had the frantic thought that it would be the smart thing to do, but he didn’t.
“Yes! I’ll be at the tower and somebody needs to take care of the others. You’ll be my eyes on the inside. The shelter is the safest place to be right now, but don’t worry. From all the stories dad told us, you’ll see plenty of action before this is over,” Nyota promised with a grim smile.
Bonding or no bonding people were still going to be people, and just because she saw him up close and personal didn’t mean Natasha was going to think any better of him than anyone else.  Well, Tony couldn’t change who he was and he wasn’t about to start now.
**~8~**
Which meant interviewing educated Gata applicants and reviewing their contracts with Pepper and his crack team of lawyers to assess the best way for Stark Industries to buy them. On the other end of the Resilience project, there was an ever-growing list of shelters and owners seeking an easy way to get rid of unwanted pets and strays in a humane fashion, that allowed them to feel better about themselves.
"Sorry." he mumbled, remembering what he’d been thinking about before Sam and Rhodes had interrupted. "I'm still getting used to this whole mating thing."
"Bruce it's nothing."
When Tony was twenty-three years old the supreme court had ruled that kats were entitled to any equites and properties left to them and could, in conjunction with a licensed handler, control their own estates so long as they were mentally fit to do so.
Tony didn't like to think about what his mother was to Howard Stark.
Tony would have laughed but at that moment Clint and their adversaries collided. The two suited villains rounding the corner at top speed only to skid to a stop when they saw Clint waiting at the end of the hall, bow drawn because he was a dramatic asshole.
Coulson looked like he might say something, but he decided against it. He nodded shortly instead and said with a small smile, "Thank you Tony."
"He got angrier, more withdrawn, and when they showed up to send him to war it really messed with his head. He was so pissed when I told them they'd have to take both of us, when I told them I'd let them do their experiment on me but I was just happy we could stay together. Bucky got more and more reckless as the war went on, volatile, picking fights with some of the rougher guys in the unit. They started to call him a Biter and that was dangerous because if they thought you were a danger to humans they put you down.
Luke doesn't flirt. Luke is a sober and serious professional at all times when he and Clint aren't yanking each others chain. Hell if you'd have asked Tony for his opinion seconds before now he'd have said that the guy was kind of judgy.
"My father in particular I think would be scandalized to hear someone called it that. I shall enjoy telling him." A warm voice above Tony said with a chuckle, and Tony glanced up to find Luke Debar leaning against the back of the couch smiling down at him. Jarvis hadn’t announced his arrival but then again with a party in full swing and an unusual mix of people coming and going it made sense to drop the formalities.
An older fel woman let out a cheer and a more jubilant round of applause followed it.
“If I may interrupt?” Pepper interjected as she came sweeping in on her towering heels, halting Thor who was gearing up to reply.
Seeing his expression Bruce chuckled. Though he fiddled some with the tubes still implanted under Tony’s skin, Tony knew he was only doing it to touch him. Bruce’s need to touch him was almost louder than his thoughts but Tony didn’t mind. He found an answering need swiftly rising up within him until it was as sharp as an ache.
He knows his grandfather used to own the yard before his father did. Uncle Isiah and Nonno still work there. He wonders if they are some of the ones causing trouble. He doesn't doubt that uncle Isiah would and Obi is right. Mama would never let Hughard fire him.
"You've been talking to Natasha?" Tony asked, poking at his bond with the Russian just to remind her that he had her number. Interfering matchmaking grandmother that she was trying to be.
(See the end of the chapter for
No, Captain, I can’t say we’ve had the pleasure before this.
“If you’d feel more comfortable in your uniform you could probably get away with suiting up for the big fancy photo op at the airport, but dinner is a definite black tie affair.”
“We’ll need a new energy source for the transporter. We burned out the reactor.”
"I'm standing here talking to Captain America, trying to meet Ironman and you want to talk about star struck? Nah man, I'm just trying to avoid an issue. You were giving off some pretty intense pheromones when I walked up. You're not going to bite my hand off if I go for a shake are you?"
First things first.
He got the feeling Clint knew anyway.
Why bother? You’re still going to love me just the same whether I do or don’t.
Longing... furnace... he
“We’ll find him Steve. Sooner or later he’s going to surface somewhere, and we’ll be ready.” Tony assured him. Steve mustered a smile in response but it was thin.
“Slow down?” he laughs into the wind. No. He will do anything but that. There is nothing to fear. There is only the power of the beast between his legs and the wide blue sky above. This is the best name day he’s ever had.
Dad could love all of them equally and likewise, Papa never let them forget that just because Nyota and T’Cael were biologically his, didn’t mean he loved Teddy any less and they were not to let their cousins in Wakanda pick on him just because he didn’t have royal blood like theirs.
It was obvious to Tony now that Natasha not only knew that, she was afraid of it.
“Drink your tea Tony.”
He wonders how Vonkov knows he’s a Jew when Tony himself doesn’t even know if he is one or not.
“There’s fish in it Tony.” Steve pointed out, and Tony attempted not to bristle as Cap arched a blond brow at him pointedly, like a mother imploring a child to mind their manners. They’d not talked much since returning to the tower. Natasha’s wounds and dealing with extremis had claimed Tony’s focus, but there was an unusual tension even for them running beneath their limited actions. It made Tony think of festering wounds, but there was little he could do about it right at this moment. His answering smile was full of teeth.
Who are you? What are you here for?
"This nigger?" The officer asks incredulously as if he can't believe a word of it. "They were probably in it together you know. You can't trust these people."
DO NOT CHASE AFTER THEM!
Because it was obvious to him who Steve must have danced with if not pretty girls. He could picture it well enough two boys goofing off in the privacy of their room, mimicking the popular dances they saw on the television. Maybe slow dancing, wishing they could be somewhere like this, with low lights and surrounded by warm bodies. In the open.
He’ll remember how strong she was, how each of her blows rattle through him, but he’ll say this for pure rage, it makes him stronger. She won’t beat him because if he has to die it’s going to be with his teeth buried in her throat and that’s that.
“Excuse me Your Highness, but you don’t mind if I steel Tony away for a dance do you?” Steve asked the wakandian prince with as pleasant a smile as he could muster given the anger simmering just under his skin at the sight of Tony’s hand held in the man’s hands. This close Steve’s serum heightened nose had begun to pick up the scent of heat on Tony’s skin, deep and spicy with that telling edge of sweetness that made his teeth tingle.
“I know.” Darren heaved a wistful sigh and cast Tony a reproachful glance. “And now my life is so dull. Why did we have to get old and settle down? I mean whose idea was it for me to get married?”
The guy’s hair was literally steaming on his skull now. What the fuck.
“Somebody tell me what’s going on.” Steve demanded, crossing his arms.
Tony and yelped as Natasha grabbed him hard, yanking him out of the way as Killian, still struggling furiously with catsuit man nearly slammed into them both.
The three toms blinked at him in shock and Steve crossed his arms to smother his urge to fidget.
"Wasn't his tom old as balls?" Clint asked, mouth puckering in distaste as Amee and her family drama unfolded on screen.
"Not really." Tony wasn't going to discuss his mother. Not with this woman.
“Aren’t we all?” Tony shrugged.
Tony really should have been more embarrassed by the thought that he’d given two of his teammates a front row seat into his sex life, but he’s just not the cat for that. So to speak.
Suddenly it was just all a little too overwhelming: the rapid cycle through rage, terror, and unspeakable gratitude. Unless something had gone dreadfully wrong with the arc reactor he was pretty sure his body was rattling. He could use some of that nasty tasting tea right about now.
Off with their heads Madame used to say, of foes and friends, and her little widows complied.
Tony's eyes flicked back to Bruce.
But according to his birth records Tony is a kitten (a pretty little kitten) because people are jacked up and his masculinity is measured by the size of his dick. Which is average mind you. Just because we can't all be hung like the toms.
“I’m sorry I walked out on you.” Steve apologized with an aching heart. “I shouldn’t have left you alone with this.”
The tension in the room had elevated, the elegantly dressed dinner guests smiling viciously behind their hands and muffling titters and for a moment Steve was back on the streets of Brooklyn outside David’s Barbershop, some slow eyed creep whistling as he and Bucky walked by –
“I had my suspicions when I saw the stone.”
“Yes dead. Has been since the forties. But if we discount the years Steve spent frozen, then for about a year in awake time.”
The Peppers. The Rhodeys, the Happys... he can count them on three fingers; but the way things stand now with the team, and the way Steve looks at him and says 'together' made Tony believe that might be changing.
Enjoy!!!!
Even though he was being an idiot Natasha swatted his hands away and helped him.
"Just on this one?" He teased. "You do know that I'm always right? I have the math to prove it, seriously I made a chart once."
“Clint? Clint Barton!” Tony sighed, wincing a moment later at the way the shirt under his blazer stuck to the sweat drying on his back. “You know I never thought I’d be so glad to see you again, but I stand corrected. And to answer your question, you can’t change a tire if you don’t have anything to change it with. I can’t believe the rental place didn’t include a spare.” Barton smirked at him, obviously knowing something Tony didn’t.
But unless he wanted Natasha to make good use of those claws of hers he needed to explain it to someone.
Pietro appears on Ivan’s other side, rifling through the wallet Ivan had held in his hand only a second before for the correct amount of bills, grinning like the cocky kit he is. Of the two Pietro’s scent is sweeter. It’s sugar plums and the wind in your nose after fresh snowfall.
“Ivan!”
"Bruce, light of my life. You wound me. You're supposed to be on my -" Tony hissed as Natasha's hand slid under his shirt and rubbed slowly at his belly, the purr rumbling louder in his throat. " -sside. Fuck I hate you Romanov."
She batted her long eyelashes at him in a coquettish fashion.
It was silent for a long moment, with Tony staring at Steve and Steve staring at Tony, the captain stubbornly working his jaw as he worked through his thoughts until Natasha broke the silence.
“Definition?” Natasha asked, passing on her way to the fridge, the tiny silver bells strung through her hair jingling as she walked. In her red and white fur lined coat, white body suit, and slinky thigh high’s, she made for a very battle ready Mrs. Clause; and Tony was pretty sure those were miniature flash grenades nestled in with the bells in her hair, but hey. Festive!
Last night is a good option. Last night when Bruce hadn’t been standing in the middle of the room making him think about life altering shit, because even if he had been Tony wouldn’t have had a single brain cell to pay him any mind.
Next to them Helen giggled and Bruce shook his head as Dr. Salek buzzed around his side of the bed, checking wires and connections.
“It sounds like we need to split up.” Teddy said in a decisive sort of way, his shoulders straightening.
She looked a lot denser than Tony would have expected for a woman of her size, with solid bone structure. She was angular in a distinctly feline fashion was mostly naked except for the skin-tight armored suit she wore. The scales moved with the suppleness of leather but had a distinctly metallic sheen to them. Tony found himself fascinated by the small delicate looking scales and wondered if she'd let him examine them if he asked pretty please.
But Natasha couldn’t kill him. Well she totally could have, but she hadn’t because she’d felt the same pull he had. The same utter certainty that they belonged to each other.
Tony's mother had been a show kitten. Howard had always had expensive taste.
“JARVIS tell Pepper I’m on my way out, I just need to change.” And douse himself in sent blockers.
“Thank you Tony,” Steve breathed out in a rush, pulling Tony tightly against his chest, but not before Tony missed the way his eyes had clouded with tears he refused to shed and Tony’s chest clenched like a hand had reached in to squeeze his heart. He held Steve tight, tail winding protectively and possessively around his leg like a third arm, as if daring anyone to try and separate them. This close Steve couldn’t hide the way his body was trembling with shock.
“Don’t kid yourself Steve, you were sick of me. Was probably easier for me to go when I did. That way there was nothing stopping you from shacking up with Carter. The house, the kids. Everything you’d have to give up to stick with me.”
Thinking of his brother never failed to ignite a hollow ache in Thor’s chest, the throb of a wound unhealed, but it would have done them both dishonor not to think of him at Yuletide, so it was not a pain without some sweetness. He hoped that Loki would relent some of his bitterness and allow their mother to visit him in his cell. If he would but show a little remorse, Mother could perhaps convince their father to allow him to join the festivities.
FURNACE!
I’M IN A MEETING TONY.
Jena took a shuddering breath and squared her shoulders, eyes leveling with his in determination.
They stare at it in horror, recognize their name splashed across the side. It’s the last thing they see.
Tony Stark. Peter had been in the middle of repairing the web shooter that had gotten fried when he’d battled those jerks in silver pajamas. He’d thought those elctro-shock gun thingies they had were cool up until he got hit with one of them.
“Not your fault J, Good work.” Tony praised, taking off after Barnes, not needing to check that Natasha was right behind him. They had to get to Barnes before he got himself killed.
“You’ll have to forgive our brother. He was just released from a mental institution.” She apologizes to the old woman without a hint of humor on her face and the old woman gapes in shock.
Tony tensed when he felt finely boned fingers slide into his hair, rubbing at his skull, but he relaxed as Natasha's scent washed over him and he felt the familiar tingling in the back of his skull.
"There are over a hundred different ways to break a human hand." she mused, as if someone had asked the weather, and Tony laughed into his drink.
He couldn’t say what it was about the guy that put him on edge, it could be blamed on his ‘sensitive’ state and the guy’s unfriendly company mug shot, but whatever. He wasn’t going to ignore his instincts.
What was there to say at this point? Rallying himself Tony swallowed back the bitter retort that wanted to leap off his tongue because (what even was the point, and) he was supposed to be winning the man’s confidence and forming an alliance. Not antagonizing him.
“Stop that! We’ve already got one team icicle. I don’t need you freezing on me.”
Could he stand? Tony wasn’t sure he could even breathe at that moment.
The fact that they called Tony that (something monstrous and deadly) like it was somehow cute had angered Steve, but it was hard not to let first impressions get tainted by such a barrage of negativity at once. Hard not to instinctively judge the sheer excess of wealth and hedonists waste that Tony so casually indulged in when last week (last week seventy years ago) Steve had been on rations.
He and Hughard are alike that way.
Steve turned his head, kissing the inside of his palm. It was all the answer either of them needed.
“The sites secure.” Natasha assured him, a knowing smile somewhere in the gleam of her green eyes. “Once you get Jarvis installed up there we'll have twenty-four-hour surveillance."
(See the end of the chapter for
When Thor had shown up with Harley not even pretending like he was there for any other reason but to see Friend Tony, Steve had nearly blown a fuse because Harley was ten, and did Thor have any idea what a risk this was?!
Captain America and Bucky Barnes, poster duo for Human and Gata codependence. Cap’s Gata side-kick was depicted as the worst sort of lap-kitty, the perfect example of what it meant to be a good boy. He’d wanted to be that once. The good boy someone could love.
"Oh he's really sweet. I like him." Kitty purred turning in her boyfriend's lap to nip his ear playfully. "Watch out Petey-pie I may have just found my next husband."
“What?” he asked, but Princess just shook her head and waved the question away.
“Sounds a lot like his creator.” Bruce mumbled distractedly, already back to concentrating on his work.
"SHIELD is in the middle of taking out a contract with Viastone." Fury let drop.
Thankfully Tony didn't keep her waiting. From his pocket he produced a square metal device, small enough to sit in the palm of her hand, which she caught easily when he tossed it to her.
"I wouldn't suggest that."Coulson returned calmly from where he stood beside Fury at the head of the table. "Time travel is not as far outside the realm of possibility as it used to be."
"It wasn’t the right call, but she was just trying to protect you and that should count for something," Steve pleaded earnestly on her behalf and this time Tony did roll his eyes, anger sparking in the center of his chest and simmering low.
"Don't mention it." Tony waved away, and with a pang in his chest he thought,
“Don’t annoy me Thor or this time I will take your head.” The woman hissed, the air thickening with the sweet notes of her affection to betray the lie in her warning. Tony wiggled his nose at the strong scent, noting to himself that these guys were liberal as fuck with their pheromones. The motion caught the woman’s attention and her eyes fixed on Tony and the other Avengers who were standing awkwardly behind Thor watching the reunion.
She glanced up from her work to look at the television. Yep, the host had this perfectly jelled hair and these stupidly punchable blunt little white teeth. He kept flashing them at dad like he expected Tony to just roll over and spread his legs or something. He was trying to come off as all serious ‘big shot investigative reporter right here’, but the effect was pretty much ruined by the major case of fuck me eyes he had going on.
Tony wanted to snap at him to stop calling them kits already, as if Tony wasn't running the company that had left his in the dust, as if Natasha couldn't kill him without staining her gown, and they all hadn't made a commitment to put themselves between destruction and his sorry ass.
“Ah.” Tony murmured. “That explains why Tigger the tiger freaked out when we called his Queen our Bio-mommy, but MiKall is full Kǫtrdýr isn’t she?”
“J, give us the footage from the stores again.” Tony instructed and the A.I. immediately complied, the grainy security footage recorded at the onset of the event beginning to play again on the large screen. It’s all normal at first. Shoppers going about their business, enjoying a little weekend shopping until suddenly a kat in silver armor jumps up onto a jewelry counter and begins shooting randomly into the air, presumably shouting for everybody to get down by the way people start diving for the floor.  He’ accompanied by two others, both noticeably shorter and as Tony carefully watched their movements he thought to himself, younger. They were kids, and they weren’t shooting as randomly as he first thought.
He had never expected to be happy again after losing Bucky. But he was with Tony and the team, so even if none of them knew what the future would bring, Steve refused to consider any alternative but that Tony's operation was going to be a success and they were all going to come together and build their Pride. If he was wrong he'd deal with it when it happened, but at least Tony would know how he'd felt.
This changed everything.
Tony was about to send a response when JARVIS interrupted.
“Sir,” JARVIS’ voice interrupted his contemplation. Tony perked his ears. “There is an event unfolding in Washington.”
“I thought Stark industries didn't make weapons anymore?"
"It's just ten after seven Sir."
Just about when Clint had lost himself to his own thoughts, out of nowhere the guy murmured almost distractedly, "But in America it is custom, isn't it? You take the name of your masters."
He expected Phil to ignore his griping (the way he usually did) seeing as Clint had already dressed and armed himself by that point. But Phil leveled him with this look, the perfectly stoic expression Clint knew Agent Coulson wore when he was about to deliver bad news to somebody, devoid of all personal empathy, and Clint knew it was going to be a bad morning.
“Unless more than one assassin wears the title.” she rejoined quietly and Tony shivered. There was something very messed up going on here. He could feel the wrongness of the situation creeping across his skin, and Natasha’s hurt was an incessant buzz in the back of his consciousness despite the stubborn wall she was keeping around herself. He realized why a moment later.
"It is old magic. The secret to its beginning lost, but each of us are born capable of wielding it. We spend many years teaching our kits and they can not be considered true adults until they have learned."
That was the other really big difference. Though she walked on two legs like they did, if she’d approached them on all fours Tony might very well have mistaken MiKall for a large jungle cat. She was covered head to toe in fur. Her eyes were big and round, her pupils green and yellow and slit in the feline fashion. Her fingers were thick and heavily clawed and her feet shaped like paws.
Right. The last thing his teammates needed was Tony fumbling around in their heads like some virgin on prom night.
For a blip in time they agreed to a mutual blindness of each other’s greatest faults and cannibalistic tendencies, agreeing to enjoy the best of each other. It was the madness of Alice, and that was why she'd been taught that love was for children, because only a child put faith in such willful fantasy.
Dressed and call ended, Tony finally made his way to the kitchen, his mind turning back to checking in on Natasha and breaking the news to the team that their afternoon plans were canceled in favor of team practice. Yay!
“Can’t be us. We’re well and truly out there and Clint and Phil are even more ancient news than we are.” Tony prattled and Steve, smiling fondly, gently touched his elbow, as he introduced his new friend.
“Well then.” Tony clapped his hands together decisively with a devilish grin in Steve’s direction. “Lead the way Captain.”
"Are you okay?" She asked only with her eyes, but with their bond she might as well have spoken.
Natasha responded with a slow nod.
They were a warrior culture not unlike his own people and put a great deal of importance on the hunt.
Tony bit his lip, emotion welling behind his eyes though they remained stubbornly dry. Steve wanted to smile.
You know that old saying, that a cat always lands on their feet? Totally untrue for kats.
He'd seen Steve drive a number of times on Avengers calls, but for some reason he'd expected that outside of a mission Steve would drive more like... well more like a speed limit obeying citizen and not a thrill seeking adrenaline junkie but hey, it was great to learn new things.
She didn't.
In contrast not far from where they’d stopped, Bruce had asked Miss Cho for a dance, and the two were talking quietly together as they swayed gently to the music. His throat was bare, hers was adorned by a thin silver chain, a heart shaped tag hanging from the end. It was a thin, delicate little barrier between them, but it might as well have been a wall. But despite it, there was color high on both their cheeks and a strength to their grip where their fingers entwined. It made Steve smile to see.
Beside him Natasha made a considering noise, her own brow furrowing in thought as she scrutinized the blond tom, who, Tony would give him this, stared back at her with the fixed expression of calm only a true showman could master.
She’d done everything she could to carve out the girl who had knowingly sipped from the bottle marked poison but she’d not succeeded and denial was fools bread.
, but the unmistakable will of a woman who has decided that she wants the life inside her because it’s hers.
“Fair point,” Tony allowed. “But that is why it’s an official meeting within Stark Industries. Pepper will be there along with the hired guns. And the lodge will have all the security I can throw at it. I’m having JARVIS installed up there as we speak. If Killian is stupid enough to attack either me or the lodge in broad daylight with dozens of witnesses he’s welcome to but he won’t get away with it. Besides he has no reason to suspect I suspect him or even know his name beyond his public work.”
“I told you why I didn’t want to get pregnant Ty but it didn’t matter to you. I made those blockers because I knew you and Stone were the kind of bastards who don’t hear no! And guess what asshole, the answer is still no!”
Pro Tip: Phil Coulson acts like he's a professional but secretly he's still a kid in a beaver hat somewhere in bum-fuck Wisconsin and it's 1974.  If your name is Steve Rogers he IS watching you sleep. You're not imagining it.
Those butterflies in Tony's stomach had turned to galloping horses by the time he met Steve in the garage just a little after nine pm that night. Per Steve's instructions he'd dressed down in a very date appropriate sweater and jeans (Balmain because he was one of the few designers who accounted for no two tails being exactly alike when designing pants for Gata, that and Pepper always said the black pair did fantastic things for his ass).
“We are putting the first pride on American soil together Stark.” Coulson pointed out, sounding tired, and there was a part of Tony that felt uncharitable (low even) for being such a pill about it given how majorly he’d fucked up that night; but Tony had never been good at holding back and his mistakes aside, it was the truth.
Bruce was behind on his work and had taken the opportunity to stay up late that night, but around the time he started getting seriously irritated at himself for not being able to completely focus he decided to call it quits. Better to not get worked up about something easily fixed by hitting the hay.
"How come?"
"You joining us Steve?"
As soon as he got out of this bed he’d have to make a trip to Queens and speak to the spider-boy, or whatever he was calling himself.
“But she’s definitely had better days.” Tony interjected. “And on that note, do you know what keeps going through my head? Why don’t I have blankets yet? Where is my sandwich? I thought I gave a detailed list and yet…”
When Tony made it to the roof Rogers didn’t appear to have moved any from the spot Thor had told him he'd be. He was still standing at the edge of the rooftop, his elbows braced against the edge staring out at the great city with a rather disturbingly unblinking gaze.
“Why does Teddy get to go!” Kate snapped. “What about me and Tommy?”
The mall was laid out arena style. Thick marble columns held up the floors, and the shops on each floor surrounded a center court. Steve and the others were still fighting their way through the panicked crowds in the Macey’s on the first floor.
Shit. A blast from Stark’s gauntlets slams him off his feet and sends him skidding across the floor.
“Wish I could boss,” he muttered firing another arrow at the guy, backing up further.
So why not?
“It wasn’t his fault. They programed him like he was a machine to remember whatever was convenient and then replace it with something else as soon as it wasn’t. Sometimes they left him with no memories at all. He was just a thing to them. We both were, Steve. And when he compromised me they terminated him and the pregnancy.”
Yeah, about that.
“Does it please the houses gathered here, to see these two bonded?”
The kits giggled again as Tony sighed dramatically, flipping the pages of the storybook noisily to find his place again.
"You will join the lineup of houses who wish to participate, and if you are not selected by either the bride or the groom you will not be allowed to hunt, but fear not MiKall will select you and the Captain as a favor to me." He rushed to explain to them in low tones as the selection was about to begin. "You will then be allowed to choose which hunters from your Pride you would like to accompany you and the hunt shall begin."
The red studded boots were just all Tony, and the white silk jumper her wore wrapped artfully around his powerful legs. It was cinched at the waist with a mesh band that looked thinner than smoke and did little to hide the olive skin beneath. The long sleeved top was stitched effortlessly to the band and was more sleeves than not, with how much of his chest it left bared to the world. His ordeal with Extremis had seen the arc reactor removed along with all of the evidence that it had ever been there, which filled Steve with an odd pang of wistfulness. Tony must have felt the same way because the only hint of ornament he wore was a necklace of his own making, a long silver chain that ended in a metal disk, fashioned to resemble the missing reactor.
So he’s only been dating Steve Rogers for a week. It has been an excellent week mind you. An A+ week in anyone’s book. He’s been attentive. He knew for sure because he’d only missed JARVIS’ set reminder once due to engineering zone out. The handy alarm is a great reminder to ask himself “Have you spent at least sixty uninterrupted minutes with Steve today?” and if the answer is no, to fix that quick.
"Sure in theory, but it's about what is easiest to manipulate on a nano scale, what isn't going to trigger the attack of white blood cells while also not poisoning my body. If there's another material on earth it's not coming to mind."
“And I’m too old to believe in Santa Clause Tony get real.” Harley rolled his eyes from atop his perch and Tony scoffed rudely in response.
Tony thinks that's that, because Vankov is the teacher and Ana is just a servant and Vankov can discipline however he likes (it’s not like Tony’s parents are there to take an issue) only a few moments later Jarvis is there, telling Vonkov that he has to go and that Tony’s lessons are done for the week.
Next to him Catman had gone perfectly still.
“But what if they take you away? What if she sells me like she said she would.” he asked in a meek voice that actually might have hurt Tony’s heart to hear but it was hard to tell in his current condition.
“Does no not mean no in your country?”
Well, thoughts feelings and predictions? You know I love them.
They don’t have a lot of books but once Becca figured out they’d taught themselves how to read, she’d started bringing them home from her work at the local library branch.
Ma hadn’t been wrong. He’d have given it up if she’d only told him.
"Come again?" Tony gaped at him, because he couldn't have heard that right.
“Similar links have been confirmed in the study of human twins, and are not uncommon among domesticated Gata across a wide spectrum.” Bruce added to the debriefing. “However, these bonds lack the depth and strength of what we know of historical Gata-Gata bonds. The data we have collected from the successful bonding of Mr. Stark and Ms. Romanov supports working theory that a full bond will change our cerebral wiring to create a codependent symbiotic system… What we’re calling uh, a marriage of minds.”
Tony snorted and looked away but he couldn’t block out the man’s voice as he finished.
“My mom should be at the dinner. Mrs. Keener always falls asleep to the soap operas, so I sneak in sometimes when I need something.” Harley explained on a whisper as they crept through the back door of the house. His mother left a key for him there under a pot just in case he ever needed to get inside, as his grandmother tended to lock him out and forget to feed him.
Ah. Tony realized now that it’s too late. Fury had needed Tony to take control and had known better than to try and tell him to do it. Clever. Oh well, he couldn’t really be mad at getting exactly what he wanted. Especially when he’d be walking away from this whole thing with his independence.
Tony could be.
“Because bad things keep happening to people… and when you’re strong and you can fight back, and you don’t, then they start to feel like your fault.”
Despite how taught with tension his body was he hadn’t so much as moved an inch, and Tony knew he wouldn’t take until invited to.
"Some of you shall peer into the folds of time and glimpse futures yet possible, while yet others will see the past. More alluring, and more dangerous for that, is the possibility of seeing all that might have been. Sight has saved many Prides over the years, and destroyed others. The wise know that the benubro is a guide, and not a given. Destiny is in the hands of the builders. I wish you all sure hands."
Zola leans over the soldier where he is strapped in the bed, sweat from the sweltering heat in the room dripping down his brow and his round glasses glinting in the strange blue light.
Emotions got overwhelming (too much too often) and sometimes you just needed to lose yourself in something or somebody else. That didn’t make it less. Not to Tony, not by a longshot.
Oh crap, he was looking at her now. All understanding and tender, and too damn knowing. Nyota hunched, her tail arching defensively as she turned her head away from him, suddenly finding it hard to meet his eyes.
He didn't know what it said about him that there was a part of him A-Okay with that.
Tony smiled with his teeth.
"Guys?" He called again, not expecting an answer; he nearly jumped a foot when a voice readily replied.
“Gross.” Teddy mumbled and she heard Riri snicker over the com.
For the safety of the public you understand.
“It can’t just be Natasha.” Steve insisted stubbornly, as if he was defending her against the teams scrutiny. “I have them too and we’re not… we’re not as close as you and Clint.”
~*~*~
"They say we are here to right the wrongs of the past and to protect the future. They call it Pride and they say it's a chance at freedom, a chance to break away from a system that has all but destroyed us, and all we have to do is be willing to fight the battles we were already fighting; but here's the thing you gotta remember about a deal that seems too good to be true Cap. It is. Every time."
On the stage MiKall and her groom were trading their vows in answer to the question of whether or not they would be pleased by their union and then as was tradition the couple turned to Bastet and asked if she would be pleased by it.
"I was hoping for at least ninety-nine."
“A geriatric citizen is an old person, usually someone from the last living generation. Or you know, Captain America, although he cheats by being ridiculously young and fit. It’s not very fair to the rest of us.”
Bruce, still kneeling over Steve gestured to the two SHIELD medics who came forward again warily, to help load the captain onto a stretcher.
“I knew that you wouldn’t miss the hunt!” The woman was saying as Thor, grinning broadly, swung her in a wide circle as if she weighed no more than a pillow.
“And you don’t think you matter to me? Did it occur to you that protecting you matters more to me than just about anything right now? Natasha replied, her eyebrows crawling upward in disbelief as an edge of frustration crept into her tone. Her gaze cut towards Steve meaningfully as she growled, “And it’s not just you Tony, you know it isn’t. It’s everyone.”
This is the beginning. The Furnace. His maker is always here in this room even though the soldier serves new masters. The soldier always returns here, at the start of every mission. It is part of his genesis.
Or rather, he blinks and he’s back in the surveillance van with Wanda and Pietro. Pietro is in the back, fishing through his bag where he has stashed provisions for their long stake out, muttering something about how boring SHIELD agents are, presumably unconcerned with the soldier’s lack of response.
If the time ever came when the two countries were at odds he’d have already developed ten different ways to make her think twice about trying to take the house in the split.
“A little jerky on the takeoff but the landing felt alright.” Clint shrugged and Tony had that look like he was going to take the wingpack off of Clint and start tinkering right there and then. Steve quickly intervened.
He could hear Pepper in his head, telling him that he deserved to be happy, but his heart was still beating rabbit like in his chest, and some manic little voice in his head kept whispering ominously that winter was coming, until he had to bite his lip to sop himself from breaking out in giggles like a crazy person.
“Is she really the Black Widow?” Harley whispered on a bated breath and Tony just about gave up. “I mean, she looks like her but-”
star in the middle this time – and then through his body. For a moment Captain America looks down shocked, and then he crumples to the floor, his face ashen as blood begins to soak through the front of his uniform.
"Bruce, if I haven't chased you off for good, you're welcome to come with me. There are only four facilities to infiltrate and I know I'd feel better with you at my back."
God help him them both but he hoped he never did. She'd been hurt by so much already.
The gold rings in her ears tinkled as she turned her head to stare intently at the general but otherwise she didn’t even make a sound. Not that anybody needed a translator for the threat in her body language. Yikes, the woman gave off an air so lethal even the humans could feel it. With most of his brain power focused on talking to the ship Tony kept having to fight back the instinct to lower his eyes and flatten his ears back to show submission.
Tony and Steve had to duck to avoid the sythe-like blade at the end of the woman’s tail as it whipped over their heads. He couldn’t tell whether the blade was a natural part of her anatomy or a part of the battle suit she wore because the suit molded to her frame so seamlessly it might as well have been painted on.
"What's up Buttercup?" Tony looked now at Thor as he continued his work, hands flying across the console in front of him.
“Hi there.” Tony managed to grunt, wincing as he lifted his arm to get a look at his hand, which felt like he’d stuck it in a campfire. Ugh, and it looked like it too, bloody and raw with violent burns, his repulsor a smoking ruin of twisted wiring and metal. He took a deep breath and let it out slow as a low chuckle emitted from his masked accomplice.
They were doing the impossible, seemingly of their own free will, and despite the threat they posed they were beautiful, just because they existed.
"Because their meat is tasty and consuming their bone broth expands the mind temporarily. It allows the Pride to see what blessings or omens the new union may bring."
“Does Schulz have family, someone who would know if he signed up for any test trials, any risky new procedures?” Rhodey asked.
"Kǫtrdýr are known for their prickly temperament when they are in season."
His face is shadowed in the firelight, partially hidden by the thick coat he wears and the long hair that swings freely around his face. He drags them close and manhandles them until they are laying on the ground and crushed close to his chest. His sent surrounds them, thick and headier than the smoke, and their heart taps wildly in their chest going from terror to something else.
Tony tilted his head to consider Steve closely, looking for any hint of uncertainty. Truth be told, the thought had occurred to him before this.
Then there’s the fact that Rogers is just sickeningly sweet and in the face of such wholesomeness there’s no helping how Tony just softens. Steve’s the kind of guy who thinks about you just because, and thinks of thoughtful shit to do for you just because he happened to be thinking about you.
"Not that kind of doctor." Bruce reminded him with a small smile of his own. He'd almost not been any kind of doctor since it required a degree, and up until Tony had won a landmark court case that had allowed him to run a mega company like Stark Industries the idea of allowing a kat education was still controversial let along a PHD. But Tony had a knack for pushing through barriers and turning people's own weapons against them.
“I don’t think we could save them that way even if we could get there, and even if we could we’d just be running from incursions until there wasn’t anywhere to run anymore. We could spend the rest of our lives running or we could do what we have to, to stop the incursion from ever happening altogether.”
“I trust you.” Steve repeated, just as firmly and decisively as when they’d started, and Tony’s smile warmed into something real.
Slowly, too slowly, the ship climbed into the sky, rising above the city into a blood red morning as the earth heaved and crumbled below them. Buildings were toppling around them like poorly stacked towers of blocks and the ARK tried desperately to weave around the falling debris.
And by god was Steve in a state. His aura was still inky and black, roiling like a pot on low boil on the edges of Tony’s consciousness – a pool that no sane man would step into, but no one had ever accused Tony of complete sanity.
But Wanda’s unconsciousness had been a rouse and when Steve had suddenly taken off, she’d unleashed her power, taking everyone by surprise. She and her partner had escaped, along with the rebel kit whose powers mimicked her own. The other two had been knocked unconscious during the blast. They were in SHIELD custody now. Fury had been calling all morning because so far no one had been able to get them to talk or to crack their identities. It was the suits they wore. The tech was too advanced for SHIELD’s engineers to disable and the kits weren’t responding to orders to reveal themselves.
His Ma had said the same thing about their less than perfect tree that she said about every cough or illness that Steve had ever came down with.
"That’s the problem with running a company and being on the Avengers Ty, so much less time for beauty pageants."
"Ah, I see our small friend is still irate with me." Thor chuckled, easily stepping over the robot with his long legs, narrowly avoiding a vicious pinch from his pinchers as Tony, who was over by his workstation looked up from his work just long enough to snap his fingers in a scolding fashion at the bot.
“You want me to stay here?!” The boy demanded incredulously. “But what if the Keener wakes up?”
Tony turned to bolt after Natasha who somehow managed to cover a lot of ground even with a gimp leg. His ears picked up the sound of booted feet running toward them that could only mean the backup was coming. He hoped she knew the way out of there.
“I devoured those stupid comics, the ones that made you out to be a paragon. The perfect man. The guy with human superiority and all the gifts god should have given them instead of the Gata.”
Oh wow. Tony had no idea who makes the guy's gear, because he thought he had the market cornered on wing packs what with the little beauties he'd created for the F.A.L.C.O.N. project, but these things out classed his baby birds ten to nothing.
Ugh, there he went with the earnest face and the soothing scent that made her just want to curl up in a ball with him and purr the damn day away. Despite herself Nyota felt some of the fight begin to leak out of her.
If he hadn’t discovered Stane’s double dealing and decided to spite the man, Tony would likely still be Obi’s property; and considering that Obi had organized his capture and torture by terrorists – yeah, Tony would raise a toast to his old man’s sour grapes any day.
“You yanked it and it flew.”
Fury let his fist thud against the desk and snapped.
. He wanted to get closer. It was taking everything he had not to sink inside Steve’s thoughts and stick to them like honey.
He succeeds, but he doesn't live to know it.
and some things are just better done with your hands.
“JARVIS! Run a facial recognition.” Tony barked and a moment later the A.I. Chimed back with an answer.
“Nope.” Tony popped the P.
Of course Tony's parents had warned him away from such 'wicked' establishments, but Tony knew by now that half the negativity was really just to put pressure on interspecies unions. But still. Pepper really would bite him a new asshole if he was photographed in a kennel club again without warning her.
When they reach the apartment building Mama grips his hand extra tight and Tony looks anxiously at her. She stands and stares at the building for a moment, looking strangely lost and Tony squeezes her hand.
“Don’t you think it’s curious that right in the middle of historic peace negotiations, the Khrah pull a one eighty and murder him in his bed; or are you just too happy that this means we can keep selling weapons under the table to feed their decade long civil war to care?”
They nuzzle their cheek against brown hair so dark it’s closer to black and settle their chin between the boy’s furry ears and hold on tight, breathing in the scent that tells him this boy is kin.
Rhodey had been catching them up to date, his frowning face looking out at them from one of the cars many portable screens. “Tony are you sure about what you’re doing?”
His eyes are fixed on Becca’s body. Eyes wide open. Not sleeping. Not breathing. He struggles for breath. Struggles to breathe around the balloon of pressure building in his chest. Sick terror and a bone deep hatred filling him up like a noxious gas until he feels like he’ll pop.
"Good luck Tony."
(Wrong! That bastard was the one who wasn’t worth shit.)
One week later
Ty's brow darkened at the subtle insult and Tony's grin widened.
“You must be feeling especially protective. Then again we all are.”
“He is a human mutant?”
Tony’s taken great pains to never take a tom’s teeth since.
But now he can’t breathe and the dark is creeping in. The sensation of falling deepens and the breath freezes in his lungs like ice. He thinks he screams.
The soldier had been on a mission involving a delegate with a taste for fels in heat, and Pietro had picked the wrong thick-headed bodyguard to try and pick pocket.
“Not important. What are you working on?"
Tony found his mouth tilting upward in amusement. It was Early morning in New York and even though nobody knew it’s exact location Tony was a hundred percent certain there was at least a seven-hour time difference between them. A fact he often forgot when some new idea or thought struck him and he sent a message to the ship.
So Tony loves challenges, but unsolved mysteries chafe at him and the mystery behind Ivan, the assassin they call the Winter Soldier, is itchier than most.
*~8~*
“Did you get ahold of Killian?” Tony asked instead of answering that, his eyes flicking back to Pepper’s hologram square. She looked decidedly less impressed with his non answer.
Displeasure. Interesting.
“Was that a question?” Tony had to ask, because Luke was more flustered than Tony had ever seen him before and it was so far from his usual calm confident demeanor that he couldn’t help but wonder if Bruce was right and he was asking too much.
"That's alright J, thanks for trying. We knew he'd catch onto us sooner or later. Show me what we got before we lost contact."
“He’s a ghost story Tash.” Clint replied in a sympathetic tone. For the benefit of a very confused room he explained, “The Winter Soldier is credited with over two dozen assassinations in the last fifty years. Nobody is that good for that long. This line of work sort of guarantees permanent early retirement.”
felled
Thor sniffed, a trickle of irritation winding through him. Typical Midgardian. The ornaments were little characters of the volstags that pulled Thor’s chariot back home, carved by Asgard's finest woodsmith and they were treasures. The actual beasts had been a much-beloved gift from Loki when they were just old enough to start adventuring away from home and which made their likeness all the more precious.
“I – he knew you were undercover, somehow.” Steve explained with a visible wince, still not looking away from Natasha. “He even knew what color your eyes were. I think he knew because I knew…”
Yinsen is helping the driver load the packages into the car, and Devi is giving Tony some new words to learn when it happens. Tony feels a hand slip into the pocket of his trousers and yank and by the time he turns around the older boy who has just robbed him is already disappearing into the crowd with Tony's spending money and his journal with his engine specs.
“Good, Norman Osborne isn’t making radioactive spiders for fun.” Tony drained what was left of the coffee in his mug and set it down with a clunk, closing one door of conversation before he looked back at them both and opened another.
“I’m sorry Ayeba, but it has been that way since the beginning of our people. Since Namer lost his heart to Neithotep and vowed to hold her as queen in his heart upon the stone.” Tony’s widening eyes were drawn to the place where he knew the Nehe stone rested against T’Challa’s chest.
The bullets pinged off the shield, doing nothing at all to scratch either the blue rings or the strange star painted in its center.
“And then I remembered what Tony said about the bite.” Steve rushed on, desperate to explain and suddenly feeling like he couldn’t have shared this with anyone else (couldn’t bring himself to admit how colossally ignorant he’d been and what he may have lost to anyone but the most pragmatic of critics). “After the serum we – well it was a war and we lived in close quarters with the rest of the Howlies so there weren’t a lot of chances to be together. But we caught a break one night.”
"I'd like to know that as well." Phil piggybacked onto the question. "As Tony's handler within SHIELD I should have been informed."
"He sends me something broken knowing that I won't be able to resist trying to fix it, he knows me and he knows more about my biological imperative than I even do at that point, and he's banking on the fact that once Clint is in here," Tony tapped his chest emphatically, "that I won't be able to walk away from what they're selling. And he's right. I take the bait, even when I know there's a hook.
"What should I wear?"
T’Challa’s tail twitched in an irritated fashion but chose to say nothing on that topic, commenting instead, “Had you been born in Wakanda you would have been raised at court, where my mother would have taught you everything a Queen needs to know. I regret that I don’t know enough to help you in this area, but I will ask her for all that I can when I return home.”
A moment later Cap and Bruce appeared running down the gangplank toward Tony in various states of distress. Bruce, still in the clothes Tony had last seen him in looked haggard and twitchy, like an addict who hadn’t had seen a bed or a fix in a dangerous amount of time. Steve looked less unkempt, but there was something brittle about his expression as his eyes flicked over Tony and the damage he’d left in his wake.
“Oh Your Highness, I’m sorry have I been neglecting you? I saw you talking with Representative Adams and assumed she’d be thrilling you with highly exaggerated tales of her importance for at least another ten minutes.”
It tasted like a plant, that is to say pretty terrible, but there was a sweet edge to it that helped it go down, and it was pleasantly warm as it worked its way through him. Like swallowing a bit of sunshine, it stayed warm all the way down and smoldered somewhere in his belly in a way that might have been alarming if it wasn’t so damn relieving.
“Stark are you there?”
“Sex kittens.” Sonia amended with a sniff and a dismissive wave of her hand. “I’m sure that none of them were innocents.”
Tony’s distress was tugging quietly at the back of her mind but she let it be for the moment, the line between being somewhat touch starved and touch resistant was thin when it came to Stark, but she could appreciate it. She had trouble finding her own lines when it came to letting others close.
“Ha! Told you.” Harley crowed even as Clint was crying lies, but the kit was having none of it. “Captain America doesn’t lie. Right Tony? You said he was fundamentally incapable of lies and that he was delightfully paradoxical.”
It was like watching someone slash the air from his tires, the way that the color slowly drained from Steve's face as he stood before Thor who stood before them both in his princely alien armor, his tone more grave and sure than any of them had ever heard it.
Wanda says he needs to smile more.
He supposed that with his packmate and his partner’s mental health on the line it would be beyond petty to let centuries of Alurian medical knowledge go to waste over a little thing like ego.
Natasha shrugged.
Avenger alerts were less predictable but held fairly steady between 32-58% likelihood.
I TOLD YOU ONCE THAT A QUEEN DOES NOT RELINQUISH WHAT IS THEIR’S, NOT EVEN IN DEATH. IF I SHOULD CHOOSE A MATE OUTSIDE OF THE PANTHER PRIDE, MY MOTHER MAY CHOOSE TO RELINQUISH HER HOLD ON ME TO ANOTHER QUEEN. SHE WOULD BE SAD AS ANY MOTHER IS SAD TO LOSE HER CHILD TO THE WORLD, BUT SHE WOULD TAKE COMFORT FROM THE FACT THAT WHETHER SHE IS LIVING OR DEAD I WILL ALWAYS BEAR THE MARKS OF HAVING BEEN HERS. I CAN ALWAYS COME HOME.
"I've been scanning Sir, there was a small blip a few moments ago but it is difficult to say whether or not it was an error caused by the hit that compromised the suit."
It’s the Italians who want reformation, who are losing jobs and land to more and more Austrian homes and businesses. It’s the Italians who whisper in corners and plaster posters on walls and ask themselves why they farm, pick, and build for a monarchy that sets them apart and thinks of them as second class.
Slowly, silence settled over the yard and Tony, panting for breath over the dizzying amount of pain he was in, pried open eyes he hadn’t even realized he’d closed.
"She would never! How dare you besmirch my lady's name!" He lunged forward with curved claws extended and Tony had only a split second to process before he'd jumped in front of Clint and knocked the guy over the edge of the Skiff with a repulsor blast.
It was warm in her palm and with the pressure of her grip she heard the mechanical whine of mechanisms shifting and releasing. When she opened her palm the little metal box had opened down the middle where a soft blue light was now emitting from the crack in slow measured blinks.
"We'll things are different now." Steve meant it, with every fiber of his being. "He's not alone, and if it takes him all the time we have left to realize that so be it."
He heard Steve grunt in pain as T’Challa caught him on the face with his claws before Steve managed to ram him backward with his Shield, driving the tom over the side of the bridge; for a moment Tony thought it was over but T’Challa nimbly latched onto one of the under beams and swung himself around to begin climbing the sleek metal as easy as a tree.
to think about all the time, it gets real cluttered up there. Do you ever have that problem? I suppose you don't, but trust me it's a nightmare. Somebody should invent something that does all the remembering and the sorting for you – hey!"
“JARVIS!” Tony hollered, sliding out from under the machine. “Are you just letting people sneak up on me now? What if he’d been AIM?”
One minute Tony was sneering up at Ty elated by the thought that even if he was tortured and killed here, that at least he was fairly certain that Tiberius Stone was eventually going to get exactly what he deserved, when the sound of gunshots burst in his eardrums.
"You are a worthy Captain, and a warrior of distinction Friend Steven. I am honored to fight beside you and under your command; but Anthony is Queen. It is a truth we must recognize. You most of all, if you are to have a successful union."
“Alton Osborne didn’t have his son’s bastard drowned in a sack or anything half so wild. He simply did what the wealthy always do with their mistakes and hid it under the rug. That rug being his oldest friend and most loyal employee, Nathan Parker.”
“I’ve got Clint, he’s alright,” Natasha’s voice came over the comm. “A bump on the head and a fractured rib but it’ll heal up in a day or two.”
"Unfortunately finding my boss mixing his food and foreplay wouldn't even be on the top ten list of things I wish I'd never walked in on."
They forget how to sleep unless it’s pressed against a warm body and there are so many bodies in and out of their bed Obie jokes they should install a revolving door.
“That can’t be good.” Tony muttered. Steve shifted to get a better view of his phone, where JARVIS was helpfully uploading information about the incident and playing the news clip in the corner.
"He is a valiant protector." Thor looked fondly after the bot and Tony smiled. "As I said before, would that you had many such as he and I would not so often fear for your safety."
"A lot of what I remember from when I was growing up is either gone or has changed so much it might as well be." Steve hadn't let go of Tony's hand as he meandered toward the door where the loud music was coming from. Up close it looked to be a nightclub, though the sign out front reading Belles wasn't exactly forthcoming. The beefy pair of dudes guarding the door was what gave it away.
“He is dead and gone,” Natasha murmured, the wind grasping the words and whisking them away in a flurry of snowflakes as if to answer.
“So, you keep up with the science journals I see.” Tony said, drawing Peter’s attention from the ceiling and Peter nodded.
*~*~*~ Four Weeks Later ~*~*~*
The library catches Becca stealing a book and they sever her contract. Mr. Banner charges into their room that night and grabs her by the hair.
Some weirdos in rubber hazmat suits had decided to pay a rehabilitation center a visit, which meant Clint was being woken up at precisely 5:48 AM, ten minutes before the Avengers alert went out, because when you slept with the boss you got the early bird special.
Tony promised Steve.
"Yes, but she decided mommy knows best. Keep up Barton. " Tony recounted, rolling his eyes and Clint gagged.
“Some massaman curry, larb, and the braised soft crab. Double our usual tip if they can get it here in twenty minutes.”
Right. Not this time.
“Bucky?!” Steve’s voice rang in Tony’s ears, sounding desperate and hopeful even over the comms.
"Natasha?" He prodded and she blinked, chastising herself for losing track of the conversation like that. She was getting sloppier and sloppier these days.
It still happens all the time. Whose gonna believe a kitten anyway if they go telling tales about the master?
He must have seen the coming refusal in Tony's expression because Thor's tone got very somber and cajoling.
She made the mistake of grabbing one of the orderlies, just a terrified guy whose only there because Tony had handpicked his staff because he’s someone that Tony had felt genuinely cared and wanted to do good for the kats who stayed there.
“Yes, I should be the one who goes.” And just as he had that night in Tony’s room Prince T’Challa lifted Tony’s hand to his lips and pressed a kiss against the back of his palm in the strangest most sincere gesture of
He’d messed up in exactly the way Xavier had painstakingly warned him against. Too wrapped up in pain and fury to consider the consequences of unleashing his power upon a vulnerable brain. He didn’t stop even when he heard Barnes scream like that, wouldn’t have stopped until he’d turned Bucky’s mind to jelly if not for Princess. Somehow, she’d been able to reach him through that cloud of rage when no one else had. And he’ll get back to that later, because while it’s pretty clear there’s something going on there he needs to get to the bottom of, it’s not even in his top five at the moment of shit to handle.
That was him, always having to take credit, to stamp his name on things, to push and poke and make others eat their words.
Ivan jerked with a start, slamming back into reality as if he’d been dropped into his body from a great height. Somewhere between falling and opening his eyes, Ivan changed.
"Yes Sir. Thank you for everything you did for us. It saved lives."
“My mother N'Yami is Queen of the Panther Pride and the head of the Pride Council.” T’Challa laughed at some private joke. “But she is not the queen of Wakanda. That title belongs to my Second-Mother Ramonda. She is a very sweet woman, since you ask.”
Steve predictably turned an embarrassed shade of pink while Tony grinned into his cup. Natasha rolled her eyes at him while Clint made a gagging nose.
He'd been so sure that Howard would want to breed him with some ancient tom in some old as balls family with piles of molding money, and would never agree to let his (not) son mate with a Stone. He'd loved the idea of running away with his first love and when Ty had been holding him possessively and yaking away about the kits they were going to have, Tony had felt amazing in a way that  he hates to remember now.
“Yes, but is it Steve? I mean could you say ‘here comes Captain America, everyone’s favorite tom-guy with a straight face?” Tony countered and Steve rolled his eyes.
The big brass, they all want to get close as badly as he does. They all think the Prince of Wakanda is going to step off that plane and that no matter how pro Alurio the guy is, that they can persuade him around to seeing things their way. Man to man so to speak. And why shouldn’t they feel that way? That’s the way the world works and everybody there knows it, including Tony.
It certainly meant more choices. No more choosing between death and fighting somebody elses wars.
Tony whirled around catching Steve mid move.
But T’Challa hadn’t said anything he hadn’t been wondering and putting together in the back of his mind since this whole thing started and he realized that Barnes must still be alive.
“Oh yes Mr- I mean Tony.” Peter scrambled to get the zipper open on his backpack and then carefully remove the robotic arm he’d made with Ned for their Eighth-grade science final that fall.
“That’s Princess McBroody to you, foolish peasant.” Nyota teased, flicking a bit of crumbled bacon Riri’s way. The other girl dogged, her striped tail swatting at Nyota’s under the table as she made a face at her before heaving a sigh.
Looking up at the others once more, his gaze caught Steve's and stayed there as he took a breath before the plunge. "I have something I want to share with you all, but it's... Later. It's for later."
He almost slows, his thoughts confused for a moment before the fog shifts and his directives become clear again. The stranger doesn’t matter. Pietro doesn’t matter. Only the mission. He’s closing in on the Walsh girl and the kat trying to escape with her. Ivan raised his gun and fired, testing. The shot pings off of the silver suit the kat wears. They stumble out of surprise but keep going when the Walsh girl tugs them up.
“What? What did I say?”
"You’ve been hanging around Stark too much.”
Bruce stared at him for a long moment and Tony felt like the toms eyes were trying to see through his skin. Just when Tony had decided he couldn't take it anymore and opened his mouth to divert Bruce's attention to some other shiny problem, like his inability to be on time for his own meeting, Bruce drew himself up like he was gearing to confess something profound and Tony kind of wanted to jump out the window.
"That is very nice Tony." Thor, who had a giggling Clint thrown over his shoulder for some reason, beckoned at the end of the hall. "But it grows late and I fear your Midgardian constitutions were not prepared for the strength of the broth."
Tony didn’t expect an immediate reply. Prince T’Challa had as much on his plate as Tony did with mounting fear and public suspicion. The rebels and the assassins had been lumped together in people’s minds, and there was no escaping the fact that the rebels were being financed and outfitted by a major power. Was it Wakanda? A powerful foreign government with anti-American sentiments and Gata soldiers at the ready? Was it Tony Stark whose weapons and suits were so similar in design as to be uncanny?
“Any actual truth to that flattery?” he drawled, too, well relaxed, to even hold on to the resentment. T’Challa just smiled, watching Tony sip at his tea to be sure that he drank it all.
Bruce winced as Tony rambled through his list of reasons why 'Tony's problems with heat are not Bruce Banner's fault' and shook his head.
He'd known that Tony was upgrading his armor since the battle with M.O.D.O.K. had damaged the mark he'd called the sentinel, but he was impressed by what he'd managed to accomplish in such a short amount of time.
SHIELD had been watching the ring for a while and Fury had been just impressed enough to offer Clint a gig as a spy in exchange for sparing his life. They called it contracted rehabilitation service. Clint didn’t have much of a choice about it because they don't bother putting kats in jail.
Bruce had been twenty-five when it happened. Working as a lab 'aid' under Ross's guardianship and well aware that it was his mind behind his department's success and that he'd never see a stitch of credit for it unless he pushed.
"Sir, you have engaged the suits sentry mode!" JARVIS noted in alarm even as Steve shouted.
As lost in the mist as he was. The (not) Loki had said. Yeah well, bad news for the cuckoo-bird but Tony didn’t need to rely on his eyes to find his team.
"Must be one of those halfling things. Not currently capable of pulling my armor out of my bones, pretty sure I'd have noticed by now, but I've got a work around I'm kind of proud of."
“We’re not kits anymore.”
Princess rolled her eyes.
“Ironman do not engage.” Cap snapped. “Wait for the rest of the team. We don’t know what we’re dealing with.”
He got the strength (extra heapings of it actually, Steve's super strong even for a tom) the speed and heightened senses and a healing factor thrown in for superiority's sake; and to most of the world Captain America is still a human being, still worthy of admiration and respect.
His flesh jumped beneath her fingers as she trailed them down his ribcage, chasing away the disturbing memory with the solidity of the present. The past could not haunt you if you stayed in your present.
There are certain memories that are bitter that Tony indulges in like medicine.
*~*~*
"Are you in pain? Did I hurt you? You've gotta grow some thicker skin Debar if you wanna win in the big leagues. You should hear the stupid jokes I throw at Rhodey."
Tony wanted a king. A king for a kingdom, and somehow Steve had to be ready for that.
“I’m wounded Romanov,” he teased, placing one hand gently on Natasha’s shoulder to subtly nudge her back. She stared at him with a baleful expression but shifted as he guided and Tony considered it the best he could ask for all things considered. He turned toward Nakia and T’Challa, gesturing with open palm and not unintentionally bearing his wrist. The effect was somewhat diminished by the wrist guards he wore but he didn’t think the symbolism would be lost on the pair of toms.
"I've put in some of that canned fruit you like. For you and your boy," Mr. Allen says with a low murmur, even though the kit hasn't asked for any. He winks with one kind brown eye and says, "My Marilyn really enjoyed your get together. You're a good boy."
"My Nonna and Nonno are Jews.” He admits for the first time to someone else, though he gets the feeling that Jarvis already knows. “So is uncle Isiah. Mama was one, but she converted. Only it doesn't seem to matter very much. Uncle Obi thinks people like Herr Vonkov would lose respect for Stark Industries if they knew we were related to Jews and he's right. People don’t like them."
“I am?” she scoffed with a bright little laugh, like he was a child who'd said something ludicrous but endearing.
He's nine again, and it's an Excursion Day with Yinsen which Yinsen says means the world becomes the classroom and Tony just knows means he gets to go outside and do something approaching fun.
‘The truth is… I don't want to be pregnant right now.’
She and cap had been on a mission for SHIELD as part of a new strike team that Fury had put together. They looked a bit jet lagged but weren't sporting any injuries that Bruce could see with the naked eye. But despite looking like he could use a sit-down Steve didn't venture further into the room.
“I hear you Big Green. I’m good. We’re all good I swear.”
It was possible that their mystery woman was a Rhodes but the likelihood that she was another kat was higher and Luke, even if he wasn't the right gender, was the right ethnicity and had already mentioned having a sister.
God this place was a dump, but thankfully it was practically a treasure trove of odds and ends, little homemade devices that were obviously childish in design but rather ingenious in execution if Tony said so himself.
Taking a deep breath and struggling for calm Tony turned, extending a hand toward the floating hologram display still hovering just above their heads and wiping it clear with a swipe of his hand. A few more quick gestures and he had the folders pulled up from the project that had quietly consumed him since that day Steve had come to find him and tell him that all of his hopes for the future were based on a fantasy.
All eyes turned to Tony, who pulled his fingers from his mouth to gesture for the kits who were clambering around their heroes to pepper them with questions and play with the bits and pieces of their costumes, to take their seats again.
"Yeah, sure, whatever you like Katniss. It's not like you're gonna get banished from the island. Unless of course it's for bad taste, because you know, purple." Tony answered with a grimace, going back to tapping on his tablet, happy that neither his voice nor the stupid tail and ears give away the tension keeping his body tight.
"Your knowledge of Alurian history leaves a lot to be desired Clint." Luke was shaking his head, a bite of disapproval in his tone. "The purpose of a pride is not to conquer as you westerners seem so eager to believe, but to build and protect what is built. But from my observation you and your teammates are barely a team, let alone the seed for a mighty civilization. You haven't even won the heart of your queen yet."
Steve’s mother would have told him he still had to live. Hell Bucky would have told him that, and Tony… Tony was a good man. Bucky would have liked him. This could be a good thing.
To the suddenly hushed hall she said,
"And if they wanted the kats for profit how come there haven't been any other attempted thefts on this scale?"
Tony had to fight a blush as the kit stumbled over the words. Steve’s eyebrows arched as the kid blathered on.
“I am Maru! Destroyer of the seven tribes” he declares with his best roar as father chuckles and swings him back to the ground.
He wanted to be able to close his eyes to sleep without worrying that Pepper was going to come running in telling him that AIM, Stone, or some other bastards had broken down his door and stolen his people while he slept. He wanted a government that wouldn’t just sit idly by if that happened and dish out a check to his assistant for her property loss.
The guy did velvet tones really well. A plus. Tony was sure it made all the kittens knees go weak.
"No." Thor frowned in confusion, looking between the three of them. "Coulson and Clint have decided to become mates. Surely they came to you for their blessing?"
“Tony, Tony please, just listen,” Steve reached again to grip Tony’s arms and squeeze gently, interrupting the desperate flow of words and Tony snapped his mouth shut mulishly and turned his head, maybe in an attempt to hide just how upset he was becoming again. “You’re right. Absolutely right. I handled it badly and I’m not proud. The only thing I want you to know is it wasn’t about you. I’d be… Tony I’d be so happy to have kits with you someday. I’d be… so honored.”
Tony having already worked open the back of the phone and cracked open the casing on the system unit to get to the motherboard, glanced up sharply from his work to pin the woman with a glare. The kit’s distress washing through him like a wave made his hands shake and he tried to blink away the sensation. He needed steady hands for this. He needed to get a message to the team and put together a working repulsor and he only really had time to do one of those things, unless he took some major risks.
“They will not be eating the walls but the garnishing, and they are not all that hairy compared to other beasts. They are very slender, beautiful, creatures with pelts as white as snow and long red beards.” he corrected him once more, because really the comparison between the two just couldn’t be made, and Tony's expression was well worth it.
I had to rent a swimming pool just to have a place to stash all the hate mail. [He winks, and the audience laughs nervously] No, in all honesty it’s been wonderful, and people have responded to our relationship very positively. And I don’t like to think of myself as dating Captain America because yikes that sounds like red, white, and blue balls doesn’t it? [Stronger laughter from audience] As for Steve, I like being with him. He’s amazing. Annoyingly so at times, but what’s a guy gonna do?
Ah. There it was.
The only one less judgmental of Tony's general sluttyness was Steve and-
So yeah. He never would have predicted Phil, but Natasha had completely blown his mind. He’d never encountered anyone like her. He’d been sure he was going to die on that mission and kinda okay with that outcome because he was tired, and truthfully going out against someone like her could only be epic and at least he would have had the adventure of it. Phil would have been sad but that’s the thing people don’t get.
“I want to go home Ny.” T’Cael said what they were all thinking, his voice small but heavy. Teddy put his arm around him.
"Are you often suicidal Mr. Stark?" Even with the heavy modulation from his mask Catman's tone was chastising. It was probably just his imagination but Tony thought he could feel the man quivering against his chest, locked as tightly to it as he was, as if the guy's nerves hadn't quit jumping yet.
“You look so wholesome and American right now, I can’t decide if I want to salute you or blow you.”
Nyota Stark has never been frightened of much. Even after the destruction of their entire universe, she’d been the one to rally the others together, to boost morale and insist on finding a way to survive the incursions.
He claims not to remember it when he’s a sullen teenager and his mother tries to speak of it later.
"I have run the algorithm against a dozen other stored security images in my database Sir, all of them register as matches with ninety seven percent certainty." JARVIS answered.
With Clint she might have risked it, but she didn’t have enough experience with Tony fighting outside of the suit to be certain of what he could and couldn’t handle. She was keenly aware of his vulnerability now, smelling the blood oozing from the lump on his head, eyes flicking between the thick metal restraints leaving bruises against his wrists and the pale glowing light of the arc reactor shining from the center of his bared chest.
So far things were going exactly to plan. The mall was full with weekend shoppers. Nobody was paying any attention to Bucky and his companions as they window shopped and loitered around the Apple store.
Next up in part two: Extremis kicks Tony's ass and Natasha bites a poisoned apple, AIM is pretty desperate to find a kitty they lost. Oh and there's this kid. Just Tony's luck.
Tony turned toward the four-foot eleven inch problem on his hands, and if his tail swatted Steve in the ass with the motion it was purely by accident.
complicate things. Tony's determined to unravel the mystery on their hands and to continue their quest to find the Winter Soldier. Well, they find him alright and he's quick with a knife. Who would have guessed.
“That won’t be necessary Sir. He is still in the tower.” Jarvis replied, sounding pretty damn close to bashful and Tony frowned.
Clint loaded three arrows at once, because even though he hated to lose them, he was only going to get one shot at this. With inhuman speed and grace he leapt over the steel counter, twisting in midair as he went to fire one last hasty shot.
“A lot of us believe very strongly that a lot more can be done to help those liberated from the fight rings. They can still find purpose doing something that matters.  They don’t have to die.”
“One of us could get hurt.”
“I love you too.”
"Like walking off a tower while in a stupor. Jesus Christ who even let him up there?" Tony grumbled already untangling himself from the others and crawling from the bed.
Tony opened his mouth to decline (because there wasn't a chance in hell) but at some point the rest of the team had begun to make their way to the bar, because they were suddenly all there, forming a deceptively unthreatening cage around Tony and Natasha with Ty trapped in the middle. He looked understandably uneasy about this.
“Everything about this situation is odd.” Tony grumbled in reply, drumming his fingers restlessly against the table. His focus was on strengthening their security but that was hard to do when he still had, no idea how they broke in in the first place.
“I know why you didn’t.” She’d said, fierceness waring with sadness. “Screw Norman Osborne. You let me handle him. I still think that Tony Stark is kind of a jerk. I get he’s up against a lot but a jerk is a jerk and you know how I feel about that; but if this is what you want baby then you should go for it. Don’t let anyone stop you from reaching a dream. Especially not Norman Osborne of all assholes. And don’t say asshole.”
It was exhausting, not because Steve didn't believe those things, but because they needed to be said at all. And the fact that it had to be so often just made him want to punch the next person who asked. Tony thought that was hilarious, but Steve didn't think he realized how close he was to actually doing it.
“No. Extremis is targeting the BX. We can’t take the risk of the serum being destroyed before the fusion has a chance to take.”
It’s also why Mama isn't supposed to teach him Hebrew or any of that other 'Jewery' but thankfully Mama doesn’t mind and Tony picks things up quickly. Hughard didn’t even want him to learn Italian, but even Obi agreed that was overkill. Tony has to run the business someday and it's a useful skill to have.
Somebody asked in a comment on one of the chapters about the titles. Yes, it was lyrics from Hasley's Castle (as is this one). I take the titles from song lyrics and pieces of poetry that speak to what I feel is a major theme or element in that chapter. Because I'm a dweeb like that :) Aaaand if you haven't figured out, Castle in particular is like Tony's theme song for this fic. Pretty sure my roommate thinks I'm organizing some sort of revolution by how often I'm playing that song and furiously typing on my computer.
Clint ran, using all of his speed and reflexes to scramble over long tables and stay ahead of the guy barreling through tables and chairs behind him, eyes scanning for a bit of cover.
Tony snorted in disbelief, like Steve was having some sort of a go at him, his arms still horribly tense beneath Steve’s hands.
This is a dream. They knew it the first time they had it, but it’s a dream so miraculous it’s burned in their mind in perfect detail to be played over and over again in sweet agony.
“Cease fire! I need all units to stand down! That’s an order!” Steve commanded over the open SHIELD line because that was what he was good at. Getting other people to listen to him and follow his direction, without wasting precious time on questions. That and he trusted Coulson to take things from there and get SHIELD and the local authorities in line. “Iron Man, get the girl. Widow’s on her way to you. Hawkeye and I will deal with the others.”
“And I’ve got them.”
“Mr. Barton, you have successfully incapacitated Captain Rogers, however you have suffered a fatal fall. I must declare the match a draw.”
It was a god damn mess down there. You couldn’t even walk around without a collar stating your name, your owner and basically your business for doing anything besides rolling over in somebody’s bed or playing fetch. They’d figured that out the hard way their first attempt at touching ground when someone had noticed they were without tags within twenty minutes and suddenly they were being chased by animal control.
"Thor!"a feminine sounding voice called, pulling their attention to where a horned figure in golden armor was standing on a raised dais with what could only be one of the Kǫtrdýr.
“Guys! Guys! We’re home! I mean we’re not but- the broadcast, JOCASTA!” Amory panted, calling as he waved the tablet in his hand which was playing some sort of video clip.
She blinked slowly before looking away from the head of the table murmuring out of the side of her mouth, “Elevated body temperature, a decrease in motor functions and oversensitivity. I think Tony’s close to another heat.”
He got himself a pretty kitten, and when she was old enough he began experimenting.
Another man might have been touched. As it was, Ivan could only feel the irritation of clashing directions within him. The wrongness of their words grating against a feeling of rightness so deeply imbedded it required excavation of a sort.
(See the end of the chapter for
If he lived long enough to see it all through this would be astronomical. He’d only really discussed this part with Pepper, and Natasha only knew as much as she did because the emotions surrounding that conversation had been high and he was still learning how to filter things through their bond.
This Sunday: So Tony slept with Steve and it was awesome, but Bruce is worried he might be pregnant and this is slightly less awesome (maybe). And you know, Tony always thought he'd be the one freaking out about an oops baby, but he's got nothing on Steve. Maybe they should talk about that? But, Pepper keeps inviting T'Challa over for playdates because Tony suddenly sucks at diplomacy, and yeah it's irritating how easy he just charms his way back into his friend's good graces, but at least that bet he makes with Clint means Tony gets a chance to kick his ass in the name of protecting team honor. The Avengers (minus Hulk and Thor because fairness or something) against one Black Panther, it's no contest.
“Really?” he asked presenting the phone, where Peter noticed with dawning horror a clip of him in the Spiderman costume he’d made taking out a pair of thieves in the subway was playing.
“No. No. And yes we do. A bunch of punks who think they can raid
But there was little to do now but have faith in them all, to be the men and women he knew they could be, the ones he was proud to fight beside. The ones he'd stand against his own father to defend. They deserved to take back what was stolen from them.
Rhodes displayed the patience of a saint, though he had to close his eyes and speak very carefully to do it.
Leveling with Clint, Natasha and Bruce, Tony continued apologetically, "the independence clause in your contracts are dependent on a successful completion of a Pride bond. Natasha has the legal grounds to play hardball with SHIELD. Clint belongs to Agent Coulson who despite my bag of issues and personal bias, has proven to be the exception to the rule. So it turns out, good call on that one."
“I’m so sorry Anthony.” Mrs Sousa says. She squeezes their shoulder. Her fingers are getting brittle with age but the grip is still strong.
“She’s right Tiberius, and it isn’t his fault.” Killian said and Natasha’s eyes tracked him as he moved around the table. Mentally she tallied the number of security guards she’d counted plus those gathered below who might present a threat. She might be able to disable Killian, Stone, and the two closest guns and still have enough time to free Tony but she didn’t know what condition he was in and doubted even if he was healthy enough to walk that they’d be able to make it out of the building unscathed with the number of guns she’d counted.
But it was too late. What had happened while Tony was under the metaphorical knife seemed to leap out of his head, unfolding inside Tony’s brain clear and crisp as a Friday night picture.
But the minute Tony started thinking about the possibility of bonding with Steve his heart started to pound, and he could barely restrain how eager he was. In truth he and Pepper had so much more to do they could have stayed at it all night, but she got tired of Tony’s twitching and longing looks toward the door and finally called it quits.
"You're a good friend Tony, and I'm really happy to call you that. That's more than enough for me, and if you never want to be more the only thing I'll lose is a maybe. I'll still have you, as long as that's what we both want... It's what I want. I just thought I should tell you that."
Prides can’t be separated, or at least not easily. The members are all connected mentally, psychologically, telepathically. There was a lot of mystic mumbo jumbo shit that scientists haven't had much opportunity to weed through and pick out the myths from the facts,  but there have been cases of bonded kats healing faster, learning faster, and even finding each other across oceans.
“No” he immediately, barked. “Get to Tony. I’m alright. Right behind you.”
It was cold. Natasha had stopped being able to feel the pain in her knee awhile ago, and she knew the numbness that had stolen through her body and the sleepiness that now dogged each passing minute were not good signs.
“Cold night to be outside like this.” he tried, emptying his head of that line of thinking because he wasn't an idealistic child or a moony teenager, and nothing about that future had been certain. Don't get attached.
(I’m not the one who watched their mother murdered.)
~*Three days earlier *~
“Do we get to work on the suit!” he blurted, and Tony rolled his eyes heavenward.
“Cause I kind of figured the whole spider boy thing was pretty special. But I guess I should have realized Norman made that sticky web stuff I found so genius.”
“I’m ready to proceed now.”
"He's asked if you require assistance," JARVIS informed him a moment later and Tony's ears flattened in distaste. He knew what that meant. Coulson would send Cap down and Rogers would come with his dark cloud of disapproval and attempt to bully Tony into acting like a good kitty.
“You need us to babysit you mean.” Kate muttered darkly but she Nyota could feel that she was resigned to it and that was the best she could hope for.
In the story of Hansel and Gretel the children outsmart the witch and find her treasure. They get to go home to their father who is free of the wicked woman who forced him to forsake them.
The Avengers try and stop a robbery at ViXon but they quickly learn they are out gunned by their enemy's advanced technology. Along comes a spider just in time to
story. The precursor to Project Rebirth and known best to the public as Bucky Barnes, Captain America’s fierce and staunchly loyal lap kitty.
Sam sighed, and turned back to him and said, “But they don’t give us something like this for nothing. There's always a catch."
If T’Challa felt any pain from his thinly covered feet smacking against vibranium he didn’t show it. The agile tom rebounded off the surface of the disk and used his momentum to flip backwards and land at a crouch, but not before his leg came around to try and kick Steve’s legs out from under him.
"See Bruce, I totally have this guy," Tony stuck his tongue out at Bruce. "And Thor we're not talking about literal mating. It's an expression from chess. It's a strategy game."
"No. My friend Bucky, he was a fel..." Steve replied gently with a wry smile. "Couldn't walk five steps without him hanging on you when his time came."
“I told him to stay back.”
Well he thought the cost would be heavy but today at least proved to be the exception.
A laugh bordering on hysterical bubbled up in Tony's throat before he finally let it loose, letting the tension drain out of him.
They weren't the worst battles that Tony had ever been part of but they were time-consuming, aggravating and dangerous in his current condition.
That needed to stop, he berated himself. The island was too important and he’d be damned if he lost it because he couldn’t get over a bruised ego.
Tony has loved Captain America since he was a kit. But Steve Rogers? He started falling in love with Steve on a rooftop, with a starry sky above their heads. He slides the rest of the way naked in a shower just the way you’re not supposed to because he’s Tony Stark and he’s just classy like that. Oh well.
"I don't. You want to get yourself killed, fine. One less pain in my ass. But you can't do it on my watch. I'm not answering for why your stupid ass fell off a building."
Undomesticated 'feral' gata have been illegal in the United States since 1812. Unless of course you're a circus attraction like Barton. "Come see the wildkat, the last of its kind" makes for a gret headliner but there's got to be a show, right?
There were plenty of agents with thin files deployed on suspiciously vague missions. But none of them were Gata and the ones deployed close enough to do a few side gigs weren’t feral.
"So the motorcycle was a good idea." Steve deadpanned and Tony rolled his eyes nudging him in the back.
But Clint wasn’t called Hawkeye for nothing. Shooting a moving target that moved as fast as Steve, while that target darted between hedges and posts, while he himself struggled for his balance might have been impossible for most sharp shooters, but not for Clint Barton; because Steve only had a second to savor the sweet rush of victory watching the archer fall and his disk begin its return arc, before something whacked against his back with enough force to make him stumble.
That ought to make the people on capitol hill happy Steve thought, because it was just the sort of thing they liked. The chance for big press and to look like the good guys when really Stark Industries had done all the work and would foot the bill while the community got its feet under it. They'd see it as harmless. Why not let the discards go off and play at being Quakers when they got free economic production out of it. They'd probably want to take advantage of it once they realized, like they did with the labor camps, but Steve knew Tony would never allow that to happen.
So I decided to leave T'challa's official arrival for next chapter because this one felt complete without it. I'm particularly interested in how you think Steve did. Haha did he take T'challa's advice? And better question, should he take T'challa's advice? The jelly was strong. :P
“Stop the incursion? Girl, are you crazy?” Riri gaped at her. Which was kind of bad because to pull any of this off she really needed Riri to have her back, but Nyota really couldn’t blame her for her skepticism. T’Cael could, but then again, T’Cael had gotten super protective of her and Teddy since their parents had died.
Also a bonus appearance from Kitty Pryde in this chapter.  :)
"Yeah we had some good times." Tony allowed and Tiberius jumped on the opening.
"You think they bonded with humans?" Natasha asked slowly and Tony's mind raced with the implications even as Luke nodded with a certainty that boarded on grave.
"Tony would have to sell me all those stocks he bought.” She pointed out nonchalantly. Tony wasn’t fooled by it though because her next question told all.
But anyway, the point. The point was now he was programed with the world’s most annoying regenerative virus so he was back to square one.
"I don’t like that he’s keeping the team in the dark." Steve insisted lowly, anxiety twisting in his stomach as the implications of what he was seeing in all those fancy displays slowly sank in. He wasn't a brain like Tony but he wasn't just a pretty face ether and he could see what was behind the bones of this and the risk was high. Maybe too high.
There are years of pageant shows and plastic smiles, performing tricks for Howard’s friends and associates because even a failed experiment has some use.
Natasha was infected and for people like her love was always terminal. The bottle would disagree with her one day, but before then there was work to be done and apples. Always apples.
And it was an organism. There was no earthly equivalent for it but the metallic like material that formed the Benu's scales and likely its entire skeleton was in actuality a highly adaptable (not to mention complex) living organism.
That just wouldn’t do. Not when Tony was so close to breaking the chains once and for all.
“Which I was very grateful for, considering my life’s work had just gone down the drain. When I left AIM I thought I took everything with me, and I didn’t think Killian was reckless enough to try and continue without me.” Maya looked at Tony. “But when I saw you fighting that woman on the news I recognized her symptoms. They match the test subjects who failed. All of them eventually self-destructed the same way.”
He didn't like it, even though he'd agreed to make it.
“It means he looks pale and gross, kind of like a slug.” Harley explained confidently with all the tact of his ten years. Swallowing his mouthful he perked up in his seat looking toward Tony for confirmation. “Is that right?”
Tony had created these blunt ended arrows that while certainly not fun to get struck with didn’t break skin. The obstacle course was set up so that Clint had the advantage with many high perches but the disadvantage of a minimal amount of cover. Steve had one of the practice disks that Tony had created because there was just no way he was going to risk injuring one of his teammates using the real thing.
The guy had to be fresher than compost if he didn't know who Clint was.
"Fourteen months and still getting used to it."
The only thing that hadn't changed was the color scheme. As always it was painted brilliant shades of red and gold, and Thor wondered what RaTu and the others would think of it. He did not have to wait long.
“Of impaired judgment.” The tom admitted softly. “Of making a mistake that would come back to harm my people. I am unfamiliar with being unable to trust my own judgment and I can only apologize for any wounds you have suffered as a result.”
"I know you’re lying Tony." The tom clenched his fingers and tugged warningly on the dark strands of Tony’s hair. "You were mine remember? Did you think I could forget how you smell when you’re ripe for it, and what it smelled like when you ruined our future together?”
“I don’t have to justify myself to you. But I couldn’t even if I wanted to.” Jena wilted, and Tony blinked in surprise as the fight leaked out of her so suddenly. Silence descended heavily as she twisted her hands, and Tony didn’t know if she was searching for words or for an exit. After a long moment, she looked up again, blinking back the threat of tears.
“Your western clothing is too restrictive.” One of the she-toms denounced, her spotted tail swishing. “A hunter’s best and often last weapon is their body. But by all means, continue to be ashamed of yours.”
She gestured with her head and Tony's eyes followed hers across the room to where Barton was standing in a group that included Thor, Bruce, and the gaggle of bureaucrats they appeared to be entertaining with some wild story. Clint looked happy, calm, self assured and Bruce even managed to look more comfortable than Tony would have expected.
“You call them Gata, as the Greeks did and moments ago Mrs. Fujikawa referred to them as Neko-Yokai. No one east or west refers to them by their true name and that to me seems the methodology of an oppressor.”
"Yes.” She answered nonplused. “I advised him not to tell you, but I knew he would."
“Wakanda has many skilled warriors, but the Dora Milaje are our best. Nakia and her sisters have been training in the art of warfare since the age of five. I think they can handle themselves.”
The basic idea was to be the first to take the other out and of all their practice simulations he knew it was Clint’s favorite.
“Kid’s right.” Tony sat up with a groan, wiping at the trickle of blood beneath his nose. God damn.
“Hey Honey, I’m home.” Tony called out from the door as he kicked off his shoes, because he was a master of wit, and Steve stuck his head out from the kitchen and smiled at him.
T’Challa despite the bruised eye he was sporting laughed, white teeth flashing.
"Jung owed me a couple of favors so I called them in. He thinks he got the better end of the deal." Tony replied, taking the opportunity while the tom’s back was turned to scrutinize him closely, searching for any signs of injury.
“You’re an easy read Rogers. Don’t take up espionage.”
“Hi! Yes. Yes, I’m Peter. Peter Parker Mr. Stark. It’s, uh, very nice to meet you.”
“Ty please,” Hansen pleaded. “We’re not here to hurt him.”
"All of the tests have shown that BX can successfully bind with hydroxyapatite ions, so there is minimal chance that the organism won't be able to fuse itself to the bone, which is calcium rich." Luke ventured into the tense filled silence to explain, but Steve was anything but mollified.
She and Clint had been gone a total of six days. Besides an annoying itch of discomfort in the back of their minds, Tony and Bruce had found themselves missing her in a strangely tangible way, the ache for her return and the longing in the pit of their stomachs all too physical a sensation. But all and all as far as their lives as Avengers were concerned, nothing that couldn’t be soldiered through so long as nobody got hurt.
“Me,” he answered and Nyota blinked at him, not sure she’d heard right.
“I’m not… I’m not smart enough to come work for you. I’m just a kid.”
"Mama. Is the surprise in there?"
“I’m gonna be an Avenger someday.” He blurted, cheeks pinkening with embarrassment but he held Tony’s gaze to show him he meant it. It was what he wanted. He’d known he’d wanted to fight by Tony’s side ever since he’d seen that first battle on the television when he’d killed Master Stane in front of the entire world and admitted it later with three life changing words. I am Ironman.
It's been like that from the beginning. Tony meets Rhodey for the first time down in the city, at the docks.
The Avengers leading the way as the first government sanctioned pride, it had opened up the door of discussion for forming other units in other cites in the future and the necessary changes that would need to be made to the strict domestication regulations.
"The Avengers aren't slaves either Luke." Phil spoke up, drawing the eyes of both toms. "They are under SHIELD supervision but they have been granted the freedom to form a pride body and to govern themselves accordingly. There is preliminary talk of providing them with political immunity but more would have to be observed of pride function and dynamics for the World Security Council to even consider granting something like that without precedent."
Until then.
“Istanbul. The Stark job. To name a few.”
"When?" she asked, eyes narrowing.
And then of course everything sped up and before anybody could really get their shit together she had leaped into the air and climbed Steve like he was a tree, flipping him over onto his back with athletic gusto that Natasha would have wept tears of pride over, and is making the man roll for his life to avoid the furious lash of her barbed tail.
The fels, they were almost destined for the heat house unless they were lucky enough to be considered too ugly for brothel work and then it was off to the labor camps. The toms were lucky if they got the camps but if they hadn't had their domestic shots it wasn't likely.
Because the last thing he wanted to do in front of Captain America was have another fucking panic attack. Thanks but no thanks.
She sounded so damn smug, so damn superior as she looked down her nose at him and decided he was too weak to handle the truth, and just like that Tony was done.
“Come again?” Steve gapped, brow furrowing in confusion. Had she not fully grasped what this meant?
What did he expect? That just because Fury threw them all together and told them to make like a pride, that Tony was just going to spread his legs and take one for America?
"Gross man," Rhodey complained even as Pepper was shaking her head and muttering with a long suffering sigh.
“Possessive. Ruthless. Unpredictable. I’ve a long list of flaws. And I’m not the only one who has ever been called that. Right Sonia?”
Island - and in the very public speech you're going to make, about how fervently you believe in change and cleaning out the trash in the company dear old daddy built, you're going to announce your endorsement of Judge Powell in the senate race.”
Okay usually that's a bald faced lie that anybody in their right mind who'd ever seen a shampoo commercial would know the truth of –
“Sir, I have located the information on the victim of Tuesday morning’s explosion. Would you like me to summon the rest of the team?” JARVIS announced before Tony could come up with a biting reply and the cloud of irritation hanging over his head briefly cleared at the prospect of finally getting somewhere on the AIM front.
He wasn't the only one to have woken either. The large plush bed they'd been given was more like a giant feathered cushion and best that Tony could remember the six of them had piled onto it and fallen into drunken sleep.
“Tony no don’t hurt him!”
"The kid!" Tony blurted, suddenly remembering the cozy den, and Harley putting together a model airplane with his grandfather. "Harley is he-"
~*~*~
Tony fluttered his eyelashes in Senator Stern’s direction who was leading the nervous titter of laughter from those close enough to hear before turning back to T’Challa with a pointed sniff.
“Can’t we just open another portal closer to the future?” Matai asked, looking up at his older brother. Amory shook his head.
“Nice. Wrap her up tight kid.” Tony called to Peter as he hoisted the struggling girl into the air.
The little glare she shot him told him before her thoughts did that he was right.
Like a magnet, Tony went to Steve and kissed the man. He had to push up a bit on his toes, but Steve leaned down to meet him, the motion seamless. Steve’s mouth tasted like welcome, and Tony smiled against his lips, heart thudding wildly.
“Fair enough. If it makes you feel better that’s not the worst name I’ve had to say with a straight face this week.”
“She’s a nasty woman from a movie, but she isn’t looking for you because I’m an asshole and it was a bad joke. Sorry.” Tony apologized. “And you guys aren’t going to be sold again. If you want to go live with a nice family we can arrange that, but it will be your choice.”
“He’s out on bail, but our lawyers got the judge to sit a while before posting.” Answered Pepper, looking every inch the kat with cream. “I’m sure he and Hammer had a lot to talk about. He wants to plea bargain.”
"Too early to know." She answered with a small shrug. "It's easy to see why they'd have a vested interest in pulling Stark away from Pepper. They could force him to make weapons again."
Tony could weather it. Every storm passed eventually. This one would too.
But speaking of Clint, Tony knew far better to fall for an undercover agent in a mask for god's sake. Catman got major points for cleverness and the second sexiest tech Tony had ever touched (his babies would always be first for him) but he didn't even know the guy.
Before turning to make his way toward Pepper, leaving Tony alone with T’Challa. Which meant it was back in the ring. Game face on.
When Natasha had been a kit training in the red room she’d had many handlers, but the Madame was the one that the others had answered to, the one that everyone had known to fear. Natasha used to call her Red Queen in the privacy of her own mind, before she'd realized the foolishness of believing her mind was impenetrable. Natasha could still summon the exact tone of her voice and mimic the imperial way she'd given commands.
Steve frowned. She was lying to him. Not about her suspicions for Tony’s increasingly odd behavior, but for the reason she’d been alarmed a moment ago. Something had rattled her and it hadn’t been an oncoming heat flash.
When Tony walked in Natasha was the first to look up as usual. She looked deceptively well, but the devil was in the details. The way she held her mouth was too tight, indicative of discomfort and she was sitting on the counter. Something she normally berated Clint for because of hygiene, and Tony knew that Clint did because it was the only perch in the kitchen (besides under the table itself) with any cover from sniper fire.
"Tony you can't seriously still be mad that I -"
“Tony’s got a point.” Natasha backed him up. “You’re still new to Gata instincts, and they seem to be pretty strong where mating is concerned.”
