“Yes,” I admitted, since there was nothing for it but to own up.  I searched my memory for traces of him in the tales, some charismatic seer or psychic.
“Right.  Fire,” John ran to the kitchen.
I sighed in relief.
“Doctor Watson has no free dances this evening,” Sherlock said serenely, but his face was too still for serenity.
I licked my lips, shivered at the last effects and exhaled slowly.  “And now,” I began, indicating my open hand with a glance.
“First visit to Summer should always be Mid-summer,” she continued gaily, pouring the tea and setting it in front of me.  She straightened up.  “Oh, but it wasn’t your first time, was it?”
“Perhaps he would like to be her guardian and have control of her assets for nearly twenty years,” Sherlock said.  “It’s a mundane reason, but often more than sufficient.”
From this vantage, too, a phalanx of mighty trees swept past the Manor from the north, but at a distance.  Immediately before its east wall, there was a sward.  Perhaps this was where the trees had been felled to clear the way for the building of the Manor, letting the mighty stones come on their carts along the road which curved out of the trees to the south.
“So, we are to believe that this inanimate object hopped off its platform on the lawn, slipped through the trees and chased the deceased across the bridge, and in an effort to elude her pursuer, the deceased shifted to her alternate form and attempted flight,” Sherlock scoffed.  “Unsuccessfully, I might add.”
could remember.  What it was about this spot that had inspired so many tales, I was never sure, because London teemed with places that boasted a bloody past and a ghost or two.
I hadn’t been sleeping much since the preparations for this ball had disrupted our life far more than Lestrade and all the wayward beasts of London ever had.  I ran the back of my fingers down his cheek.  He’d shaved, but his hair looked as though it hadn’t been combed in days.  I hadn’t seen him sleep at all.  He shuffled closer, rubbed his forehead against the side of my stomach and wriggled one arm behind my hips.  It wasn’t the best position in which to take a nap, but he was drifting off and if I roused him enough to get him to stretch out on the bench, he was likely to leap up and return to his concocting.  So, I buried my fingers in his snarled curls, leaned back against the cushions and let my eyes roam over the mysterious chamber of the apothecary.
“Can you be silent, John?” he asked and his hand stilled on my cock.
“And he’s intercepted some communications that suggest they might be connected to a couple unsolved arson cases here in London,” Greg added.
, colloquially known as the German cockroach,” Sherlock supplied.
I took a sip of the wine, stepped over the legs and re-situated myself facing him.  The port felt warm going down, a substitute for the heat we had lost as the sun travelled to its zenith.  The light was dimmer in our room.
“A natural moat,” I said.
“I’m sorry,” I said.  “And Marseille?”
“And I want to make sure Mike’s meticulous handiwork isn’t damaged by careless bathing,” Sherlock said.  He rinsed his hands and lathered them anew.
“Oh, um, hello.”  The man standing in the hall peered around John into the apartment.  “Is Madeleine back?”
“Mike brought me, well, his friends did.”  I looked around half expecting to see them there, the cast of a student production of
I hummed my assent around the forkful of fish I had already put in my mouth.  “How was Wiggins able to do it so quickly and quietly?” I managed to say after a minute.
His curls brushed past my cheek when he nodded.  “Me, too.”
I felt the tip of my tongue run over my lips.
I may have been run around London until I was nearly starved, but now I was certainly being fed.  I considered how modest the size of the bowl was and decided I did have a little room left.  I took the dish.
With a tad less agility, John followed suit.  “Lots of things we’re likely to see in the morning,” he murmured.
I glanced at Molly.  Greg was seated beside her now, holding the plate of food.  He whispered something in her ear and she giggled.
Sherlock’s nails dug into John’s hip.  Sherlock shouted.
I sat in the chair facing him, distracted somewhat by the array of dishes on the low table between the chairs.
A new song floated down to us, Sherlock on his violin and Molly on the grand harp.  They played beautifully together.
“What are you…”
I reached out, rubbed the ebony fur behind one ear.
My voice lowered to a croon as the gap widened.  When two semi-circles lay side-by-side, connected by some supple hinge, a ripple ran through the metal.
“With Redbeard, it was the colour.  His clothes were always russet.  A thick, knitted jumper with corduroy trousers for winter and oxblood shoes, and for the summer a brushed cotton shirt and denim trousers, brown denim, a rusty brown, and leather sandals.  He preferred to be barefoot most of the time though.”  Sherlock rubbed his fingertips against his palm.  “I can still feel the textures.”  His brow furrowed.  “Maybe his clothes weren’t really that colour.  Maybe they just looked that way to me.”
The last bit's a new habit that I blame on my therapist.  Blog, she urges.  I haven't typed a single word that I didn't delete soon after, well, as soon as I figured out how to do it, but I’ve started thinking in narrative, describing experiences to myself, no matter how mundane, hoping to concoct something I can post to get a respite from her soft-voiced insistence that I should blog.
Groggily, I read out the words.
"John!" Sherlock shouted from the other room.
For an instant, I thought Holmes would take his arm, but, with the briefest look at me, he extended a hand towards the stairs and they descended.
“Yes, Mrs Hudson and Mrs Turner were very pleased with your appetite.”  Sherlock set his phone aside and slid down next to me.  “As was I.”
His palms stroked down my back, curved beneath my buttocks and lifted me onto the very tips of my toes.  “No need to be quick,” he crooned.
“Trust your ear.”  He leaned to the side and snapped off a long spike of small purple flowers as he went.  An inconvenienced bee buzzed after it.
Oberon extended his arm towards Mycroft.
I whirled around, banishing from my mind images of the other, less demure, fountain I often saw from my balcony.
“How much did you see?” she asked as she crossed to John’s chair and sat.
“You’re trying to get me to lurk around Baker Street to watch for Puck without owing me another favour,” Sherlock said.  He had his legs back; he supposed he could try sitting up again.
He raised his glass to me.  I reached for mine and returned his salute.
“Whatever process was happening, was happening at a speed faster than that,” Sherlock said.  “It always seemed instantaneous to me as a child.”
“Will it skew the perspective?” he asked.
“Its tensions are of a different nature,” he replied and got to his feet.  He held his hand out to me.
John’s hands stilled in Sherlock’s feathers, the otherness of Sherlock’s words more arresting than the feel of wings beneath John’s fingers.  He slid his hands back onto skin, reached around Sherlock and pulled him closer.
The streak grew larger as it glided towards me.  With a flutter, a bird alit on the parapet a metre from my face and presented its sharp-beaked head in profile then turned to regard me.  Its dark, gold-rimmed eyes gleamed.
Sherlock crushed another berry and dropped it into the cup.  “A puzzle where you hand me the key,” he sneered, “is hardly a challenge.”
“Bring your harp.  Its voice goes well with the bells.”
The air shimmered.  Siròc took flight, gliding around the oak on the waves of heat.  All across the clearing people began to hum.
“Ah.”
“It’s uprooted, but I could find no claw marks on it.  I believe it was a natural death,” he said.
“Maybe toast or cakes to go with them?”
My legs slipped from around his shoulders.
To the accompaniment of a rhythmic, metallic ting and the occasional splash, we glided forward.  "Are there fish in here?" I asked.
The outside of the windows glittered with reflected sunshine.
John opened his mouth, gave a farewell lick before he sat up.  “Your favourite will have to wait until we’re healed.”
“Good to know,” I said, burying my face in his hair and inhaling the scent of lavender.  My pulse sped up.  “And the music?”
The weight of John’s arm was pleasant.  Sherlock tried lifting his head after a while.  His vision swam.  John’s blood was remarkably sweet.  He closed one eye and waved his hand at the light.  Perhaps darkness would help.
“Oh, it’ll take years before Mrs Turner and I know all of them, but we’re getting there.  We have a special notebook of ingredients and recipes for you.  Of course, Sherlock got us started.  The things he can figure out just by taking a sniff of someone.”  She smiled fondly and gestured at the door to the hall.  “Shall we, dear?”
We ensconced ourselves in the window seat closest to the minstrels’ gallery.  Only one of the windows was open and steps hadn’t been placed by them.  Sherlock leaned against the wall of the niche, I against the frame of the closed window.  When he’d settled his legs across my thighs, he sighed.  I curled one hand around his ankle, found the posterior tibial artery pulse point and savoured its beat.  An attendant came with a tray of food.  I looked at them and felt ravenous.  Sherlock shook his head, but I took a plate of fruit and raisins and nuts and another of sweets and sat them on the cushion by me.  I thought I could probably tempt him with the sweets after a while.
“Jesus Christ, help me,” the syringe-wielder screamed, his voice rising higher with each syllable.
Time had passed, although there were no clocks, no ray of sun or moon to provide a clue as to how much.  Sherlock was beside me, the rise and fall of his ribs a reassuring rhythm beneath my arm.  I smiled to myself.  I had finally lulled him to sleep.
It was a plea.
I swivelled on my seat until I had a leg either side of the bench and watched the northern side.
Greg started tapping keys on his phone.
“Yes, many of our friends think we are quite mad to be swimming in all seasons.”
Wide-eyed, I looked up from the cards spread over the desk and saw Mrs Hudson appear in the doorway bearing half a cake on a plate.
Maybe.  I stared some more.
“And then?” John said to Ms Swann.
“Oh, James.  You chose your path early and no one could persuade you to change direction.”  She lifted the hem of her robe, stepped over the sputtering border and glided, a few centimetres above the floor, to the centre.  She stared at the thistles beginning to flower beneath her feet. “It was never going to end well for you.”
“Sherlock.”  John set the mugs of tea on the table and took the laptop off Sherlock.  “Wake up.  We need to leave soon.”
Sherlock looked up.  “It comes in flashes, your insight.  Like an eye that is recovering from an injury that swelled it shut.”  He frowned.  “Your protective spells are mainly unconscious.  You don’t know how you’ve done them and you don’t know how to undo them.  Even I haven’t seen past most of them.”
She does.
"You can have them take the bodies away," Sherlock said, peering out over the water.  "We need to go hunting, John," he announced and took off at a run towards where our boat had been.
“At the A&E.  Probably taking an oath of sobriety; I think a lager or two might have been involved.  I’ve never seen two boys trying so hard not to show how freaked out they were, but the clinging to their mother gave it away.”
I halted, my breathing oddly loud.  I looked back.  The bookcase had shut.  I wet my lips and whistled a fragment of the tune.
“Oh, yes, sir,” he said.  “Mr Billy said I have the knack for it though.”  He draped another length of young ivy over the back of the sconce and stepped off his box.
“A side channel of the river,” he explained, setting the cooled metal aside on the work bench and placing something else in the flames.
“You understand what you need to continue to do to retain that,” Mycroft said and fluttered his fingers at the pearl.
Holmes’s brows lifted only slightly.  “But she didn’t want to go alone and asked Mary to accompany her and you went along to protect both ladies.”
I sat up.  Sherlock must have changed his mind.  It made sense, we were in this part of town and it was very late.  I might as well sleep here.
“No,” he replied, and upended his cup of wine.  “But you’ll know what shape your steps should take.”
I tilted the box up to check the bottom; much of it was water-stained as well.  The packing tape sealing the flaps together had peeled away on one side.  “I’m surprised it held together long enough for you to get it up here.”  I lowered the carton gently and went to the kitchen to find a recycling sack.
“Madame Willow let go of Mr Morrow’s hand and rested her own on the envelopes.  She sighed and nodded to Mr Morrow to proceed.
“Sir!” a voice called.  More running footsteps resounded across the stage.  There was a metallic clang.
"I didn't have a chance to observe their researching skills," I replied.  It was true, but I also had not really been paying much attention to them.
“I can see it as your doctor and I can feel it as-”
I passed one to him.  “There’s already quite a lot of black crêpe hung about,” I observed, “why more?”
"Look more closely," Sherlock said.  "It's hand spun as well.  Note the pock marks on the chest.  He's survived small pox and those small wounds near his groin are from a recent application of leeches."
“You’re resisting, John.  For this one, you must follow my lead.”
“I think the child was here until Adamantine had her brought back.”
I smiled at that.  “It’s a complicated one, but I’m improving.”
“Keep watching here.  I’m going to check the other side,” Sherlock said and dashed under the bridge.
“But you succeeded,” Sherlock said.
I reached for it and leapt across.
I dried my feet on my cloth and put my shoes back on.
“And when I whisper your name in the dark, will the reply always be, ‘I am here’?”
“The Riddle Song,” I murmured, thinking to hum along.  Old memories stirred.  My mother had sung Harry and I to sleep with it as children.
“I think he’s preening,” Sherlock murmured.
“Are you strong enough to be doing that?”
So, I had made myself comfortable before hefting the venerable tome onto my lap - legs up on the sofa, back against the armrest facing the laboratory and the sliver of bluish light escaping from its ever so slightly open door.  Through it I could hear the faint clicks and whirs of the equipment Sherlock was using to analyse the bioluminescent toadstools he’d found sprouting in a damp corner of the courtyard the day before.
He had turned his gaze towards the fire.
"Take care, you're near the edge," he said.
“John?”
“Oh?”  Sherlock lifted the metal out of the flames and set it on the work bench on the other side of the fire.  He selected a rasp from his tools and set to indenting and filing the cooling metal.  I still couldn’t see what it was.
“She asked to see the photos on my phone again.  I never got around to forwarding the rest to her and the one I had sent wasn’t as clear as the later ones I took.”
“Somewhat less than forever.”  He sighed more melodramatically than before and held out his hand.
I spotted Disraeli’s name in the headline on its way past.  I left Sherlock to its perusal and tackled the knot in the string which held the next layer in place.
“She probably knew.”
John gestured towards the empty park bench behind them.  “Shall we?”
“I doubt Director Willoughby was thinking clearly,” I said instead of bringing Sherlock's hand to my lips.  “When you told him to instruct his staff to check the entire collection for art with any connection to swans and they kept radioing back to report more missing items, I thought he might have a cerebrovascular accident right there and then.”
“Copulating?”
The images on the court cards had had a similar effect on me.  They weren't stylised like the pictures on most court cards; they had the clear lines and rich hues of etchings that had been hand-coloured.  They had gold accents and gilt edges as well.  Without doubt, theirs was a sumptuous court.   I had turned the first picture card this way and that, much as Mrs Hudson was doing, to appreciate its many details and enjoy how they glittered in the light, and then...and then the picture of the raven-haired knave had appeared to wink.  I'd set the card down as though it were hot, and turned the rest of the cards over in quick succession, paying next to no attention to the designs on their backs.  I had been hoping to dispel that illusion of movement by examining other cards, but instead the illusion had multiplied: a gleaming dagger had spun, a chin had lifted, a cloak had slipped off a bare shoulder and the faces, well, the faces had all been one, and their eyes had all turned to meet mine.
Yes, yes.  And yet.
I ducked into the WC and found the light switch.  It boasted an old-fashioned toilet with the tank mounted on the wall.  A basin faced it with a narrow window above it and my toiletries in it.  I set them next to the stack of towels and sundry bottles on the narrow shelf that ran the length of the small room and rinsed my face in the icy water the tap provided.  Gasping, I grabbed one of the towels and kept the water from dripping down my neck.  My pinkened face appeared in the mirror over the shelf as I lowered the towel.  Behind me, I could see my dressing gown hanging on a hook on the back of the door.  I turned around and felt the cloth.  It was definitely there.
"John," Lestrade exclaimed, clearly feeling no such qualms.
Heat rose to my cheeks.  No doubt, a rosy hue came with it.
His gaze left my face and travelled along my body.  “We do have certain other things we need to do from time to time.”  He set the flask aside and stood.  From my vantage on the floor, he seemed incredibly tall and then, from on high, garments began to fall.
Her cheeks grew rosy, but her eyes stayed firmly fixed on the picture in her hand.
“I sent one of the Irregulars to Lestrade’s home with a message to pay us a call here in the morning,” Sherlock said.
“All over, even in London there are three more - in Epping Forest, and atop the hill in Greenwich…”
Sherlock jumped into the shower.  I was still clinging to the edge of the basin when he jumped out again and disappeared into the bedroom.
“I had heard you’d found a green one,” he drawled at Sherlock with a familiarity that brought my hand to the hilt of my dagger.  “But I could hardly believe it.  They are so terribly rare.”  He turned then to look at me much as one might assess a classic car or a racehorse, I supposed.
A wind blew along the river, swirling Sherlock’s hair about his head.
“You know that’ll appeal to me,” I said, stretching my legs and slipping off the cushion so I could get closer.
“Was the cloth upon the table floor-length?”
He shivered again and rose, rubbing his arms.  Silent-footed, he limped to the open window, steadied himself on the windowsill.  He lifted the sash higher and leaned out into the bracing air.  A light blinked green and the halted traffic growled to life below him.  On the opposite footpath, pedestrians winked in and out of existence as they passed lighted shops or the dark facades of more diurnal enterprises.  John shook his head and drew in a breath.  Sylvan dreams fell away.  The moon crested the housetops, bright and full.  John ran a hand over his face.  Roofs and chimneys cast shadows on his shirtsleeves.
With a long pole, he pushed us away from the landing.
I went and sat, albeit with lingering misgivings.  Seated, the dog was nearly as tall as I was.  Mrs Hudson added a plate of small cakes to the tea on the side table by my chair.  The dog eyed them, nose twitching, and I wondered if it…he…would lunge at the food.
The willow quivered.
The water plants curled around my forearms.
“You’ll be able to find your way back to the door, the light, your ordinary world,” Sherlock said, “only slightly the worse for wear.”
I inhaled.
He shook his head.  “I don’t know,” he said and withdrew his hand.  The little chains flailed in the air.
The blood was following the tracery of our lines through the air above them and turning an ashen grey as it proceeded.  From them, a faint odour of charred flesh rose up.
He raised an eyebrow at me.  His expression becoming more curious than outraged.
“You never told me you’d brought them home,” he pointed out.
"I don't wish to theorise too far ahead of the facts, but when we are once again in the land of internet databases, I suggest we check on the locations of recent excavations for large buildings or underground infrastructure or their repair and compare them with the locations of ancient water sources both here and
There was a band of openwork gold in the shape of thistle flowers and leaves.  With more assurance, I slid it onto the ring finger of my left hand.  I smiled and held it out.  It felt good there.
Holmes held his pipe to the side for a moment.  “But your mind was changed.”
I watched his chest rise and fall.
“All right,” he said and then his tongue was busy with other things.
She reached out, patted my arm.  “Stepping through’s not easy at the beginning.”
John smoothed his fingers over the long neck.  “Is an enemy hunting you?”  His brow furrowed.  “Are you cursed?”
For a moment I stared, then I pushed my chair away from the table and stood.  “Thanks for tea, Mrs Hudson, there’s something…”  I was across the kitchen.  “…upstairs…” I called from the hallway.
“Shall we continue our tour?” he asked.
I had a thousand questions as to how he had sustained his injuries and why he had not sought more treatment than mere pain relief wherever he had been, but I forestalled them all and brought swabs and disinfectant and clean towels to the table.
I paused in my playing and turned my watchful eye from the ground before my feet to Sherlock.
I did not disagree.
My eyes opened rather wide at that, but I stretched my arms down under the water again.
I eyed the glossy pages from where I sat at the desk.  I could finish reading that.  I wasn’t keen.
Possibly Madeline was already too ill herself by then to attend to such matters.  Has nothing struck you about the symptoms of her malady?” Sherlock asked.
“For the fairest,” I said, holding out the golden apple.
“The weather can’t have changed that much,” I mumbled and opened my mouth wide to catch the snowflakes.
“There is a leech on you, Sherlock.  Not an ordinary one,” I whispered.  “The skin around it is already dying, so I’m going to cut it away.”  The only reply I heard was a slightly louder exhalation of breath.
I got hold of the tab on my zip and wrestled my jacket off, flung it over the garment bag.  I did a little dance step to regain my balance.  I considered my shoes.  I would fall over if I bent down to untie them.  I closed my eyes.  Perhaps I could sleep standing up.  In my shoes.
There were steps upon the stairs and a moment later, Mrs Hudson arrived with the tea tray.  Billy trailed behind with a stack of snowy serviettes with which he covered the tables next to our chairs before placing a folded linen on each.
I didn’t like that.  I wanted it right back where it had been.
Many readers were kind enough to want to read more of John and Sherlock's adventures in this universe, which was a great encouragement to me to write up and expand a scene that I had not been able to fit into the earlier chapters.  Thank you all!
Maybe.  All the evidence of autumn to be erased by flame.
“I bet there’s cards in there,” she continued.
“Yes,” I replied, monosyllables seeming to be the extent of my vocal capacities at that juncture.
“Your dream,” Sherlock prompted softly.
Sherlock’s head came up off his hand.
She put her bundles down, unfurled the roll under her arm and sat down on the floor of her balcony.  Her arm appeared through the railing.
“The ones I started having after you began appearing in candle flames and such,” John said.  “When our backs heal, we can try more of those positions you imagined,” he added with a knowing smile.  He rolled onto his side, his hand returning to Sherlock's skin.
“Ever the romantic,” Sherlock remarked.  “Although indeed, this is the oldest part of the abbey.  We are in a section of the undercroft between the Chapter House and the Pyx Chamber.  More than nine hundred years since these stones were set in place.  Could you hold this for me?”
The sound of the door closing eluded me again, yet when I looked Wiggins was indeed gone.
“Yes, I think we should, although I’ll try to be briefer,” I promised.
“Sufficiently interesting?” Mycroft asked.
From the first, I had stepped through onto the south-facing side of the Manor, seeing the forest from the roof, and the river running through it from the terrace at the ball.  The view outside the library windows, however, had always been of Baker Street, never a hint of this.
I shifted in his arms and exhaled.  “I’ll be able to walk down in a bit.”
Gasp would be more like it.
Near the bank, a small fish jumped. A heron struck, held the fish in its beak above the water for an instant, then raised his head and swallowed.
“I’d better come up soon before they’re trees,” I quipped and let the door close.
I took the quiver from him, my arm dropping with the weight of it.  I drew out a bolt, slid the vane into the channel and glanced about the room.
(See the end of the chapter for
“It would be a terrible breach of etiquette to bite a member of one’s host’s household and I doubt anyone would be so crude…” Sherlock said.
“I see,” I said, still less than half awake.  “So other than being avaricious, what has he been doing?”
I nodded and took a sip of tea.  From some dark corner of my brain, a peevish voice whispered, “Everyone should ask your permission.”  I drank more tea.  I knew Sherlock’s eyes were on me.
I looked over my shoulder and saw a line brightening under his other hand.  I twisted around until my back was against his chest and watched the pattern change as his lines began to glow and our colours merged where they crossed.
He kept going.
“Go ahead,” she said.  “Bring them out, but take your plants out first.  They’re only partly dried, but I think they’ll be more potent as they are.”
John bared more of his skin.  Sherlock stretched his wings and his legs, dragged his swollen abdomen over the edge of the palm and onto the wrist, stung directly into the pale blue vein waiting for him.  He was loath to withdraw, but the soft slope of John’s forearm beckoned.
I took a long drink of the mulled wine.
Over his shoulder the man called, "Cattus," then turned back to Sherlock and held out his hand.
The colours in the window before me were mostly shades of blue and violet and grey.  Beneath a stormy sky, a naked youth sat on a rocky outcropping overlooking a lake.  He cradled a lute in his lap.  The glass of his skin was opalescent, that of his wind-tossed curls a nearly-opaque black.  Ravens’ wings sprouted from his sandals, a winged cap rested near to hand.  He was half turned away as though searching the water behind him for something or perhaps waiting for an answering song.
As he strode along the path, John scanned the grass between the trees for the tall form, never for a minute thinking Sherlock would be on a path unless it happened to be part of the straightest line between where he was and where he wanted to be.  John didn’t spot him at first.  He was looking too high above the ground.  Sherlock was bent over.  Examining something, John presumed.  He corrected his course and marched through the long grass.
I followed fast, but he was gone faster.
But I couldn’t sleep.  I found my copy of
I leaned back in my chair, stretched my arms out to my sides and over my head.
“Oh, you haven’t seen them yet.  I am way behind in showing you the house, but that experiment Sherlock left you with is taking up so much of your time.  There are proper Turkish baths under the courtyard your room looks onto.”
“You’re right,” John said and watched Sherlock smile.  “There is at least one more.”
“Right,” I said, remembering the flowers that had sprang up in the wake of our dance steps at the ball.
“Would you like to withdraw your case?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock turned, the flacon he held by long, iron tongs leaving a faint cloud of fragrant steam in its semi-circular wake.
The light and the song merged into an aura around us and I confined my gaze to the path ahead, picking my way over the gnarled roots, dragging the willow behind me.
“Lie down.”
“It’s funny how sometimes you see a photograph in a magazine or a painting in a museum that has someone in it that looks just like a person you know.”
“Oh.”  My hand went up to his shoulder.  “Nothing’s bleeding is it?”
From her perch on the far right corner of the sofa, she looked at Sherlock, then John.  “Have you ever heard mute swans in flight?”  She lifted her hands from her lap with her fingers spread.
“You have, indeed,” Lord Holmes said, stepping down into the ballroom through the next windows and holding out his hand to Lady Holmes behind him.  “The birds were chirping about nothing else.  The tales will be everywhere before the sun is up.”
I didn’t know who Wiggins was.  It was very late and I was very tired, but the idea that Sherlock might slip down the stairs and into the taxi if I talked about deposits and check-out lists set me to emptying the nightstand and desk drawers.  I didn’t want to spend an extra minute in the place.
“It’s your season, John.  You must have noticed before now.”
“I see you found the key,” a deep voice said.
He heard me crying out in pain from Afghanistan.
The kettle clicked off.  “I was thinking along those lines.”  She dropped a tea bag in my mug, set two cups on the table and began pouring boiling water in them.  “As it turns out, one of Mrs Turner’s collection of scrapbooks had some photos of the construction of Chalfont Court and there had been an old terrace there that had to be knocked down first.  So, there’s an answer to your first question, John.  But could there have been things left undisturbed in its old vaults during the new construction?  I suppose, but it doesn’t seem very likely.  However, the story of the mystery carton and its old newspapers intrigued her, so she’s going to do some more research.  In any event, it gives her an excuse to go through the family memorabilia.”  Her eyes darted to me.  “I didn’t go into the tale of the cards though.”
My momentary smugness disappeared.  I opened an eye.  The faint glow of the moon blade on the table and the bands on the floor gave hints at his posture as his skin reflected back their light.  One arm was above his head, the other I felt stretched out behind my neck.  His legs were splayed, one half on the floor, the other crooked over my thighs.  My smugness returned, enhanced by relief at how much his anxiety appeared to have abated.
She glanced at the dish of holly berries on the table.  “They look prettier with leaves tucked in amongst them.  Shall I bring you a few?”
Softly, I clapped to their rhythm.
“You and Sherlock were out so late last night, I thought you’d need some tea straight away to get going,” she said, “and Billy was around to take it up as soon as I heard you turn the shower off.”
“What do you wish you were, John?” His eyes were intent on mine now.
Or maybe…
OK, fine. I didn’t notice it.
“Sherlock,” I said again.  I produced sound this time.
“Ta for that,” John said, bending forward and pressing his lips to the small of Sherlock’s back.  He turned his head.  “I’m strongly motivated.”  He rubbed his cheek over the nearer buttock.
Sherlock turned his head away and looked at the key from the corner of his eye.  “Not yet,” he said and spit on the key.  It turned to wood.  “There.”
I scowled.  I’d taken his glue pot away with me after Reichenbach, kept it on the desk in my study, used it sometimes when I edited galleys – a small, physical connection to our former shared life.  It gave me a frisson whenever I took it up as though a faint spark of Holmes’s electricity had lingered in its mundane substance.
“It was worse when he was a puppy.  He would sit by the glass for hours.  Used to upset Mrs Hudson terribly.  She’d bring him special tidbits of food to entice him to come away, when he was old enough to eat them.  He was a neonate, underweight and blind when I brought him home, so for a couple months we could just scoop him up and put him wherever we wanted him.” Sherlock said.
“I hate it when you go alone,” I said.
"Exactly."
Sherlock let out a long exhalation and stretched his arms above his head.
“It would have been easier at the crook of the elbow,” he remarked.
I drew my finger away, pulled my shoulders back and held out my hand, palm up.
I found the mooring rope, shook off the oozing bits of sea creature hanging over it and tied Sherlock to his bench, before turning myself around on mine and unlocking the oars.  Sherlock may have been able to navigate without looking in the direction he was going, but I was not.  I swung us towards what I calculated was the north bank without hitting Sherlock in the head and found the current that wanted to throw us up onto the foreshore.
The room was empty.  The table was set for one.
Suddenly, a server was at his elbow.  “Oh, I’m sorry that’s gone out,” he said.  “Let me fix that.”
“Yes, yes, of course,” I managed to say as my mind drifted back to those first meals at Holmeswood Manor.
He leaned forwards.
“We could be in Rome by now,” I exclaimed as the cart bounced and jostled us along the track.
Sherlock didn’t look up.  His eyes remained fixed on the east side of the trail.
“But now that they are all gone, what would his interest be in the child?” I asked.
I noted that there was another member of the household whose health might be part of my remit.
Sherlock considered John.  “You think she’ll still want corroboration?”
“What colour did you say this egg sac thing would be?” Greg asked.
A few steps from the street corner where they alit, an open archway in the wrought iron fence separating the gardens from the footpath beckoned pedestrians in.  Through it, they slipped into Meanwhile Gardens, two more shadows amidst the gloom beneath the trees.
I drew back, still crouched, my hand on the low wall to steady me.
“Mr Holmes!” Mrs Turner exclaimed.  “I’ve saved your favourites for you.”
Holmes smiled.  “I surprised you exceedingly that night.”
He shook his head.  “I’m good.”
Sherlock’s cheek rubbed against the pillow as he nodded.
It sounded sinister on his tongue.  I shook my head and missed a step.
No.  I hadn’t thought about the logistics of this at all.
“I have no wish to leave unless you want me to,” I replied.
“Sit,” Sherlock repeated and lowered himself to the ground to one side of those high roots.
With gentle tugs on his collar and promises of food and water, I lured Baskerville to the kitchens.
I turned towards him fully, had to tilt my head up to meet his eyes.
“Hammam?” I repeated.
I wrapped up the blade and set it back on the table.  I didn’t want to put it down actually, but I had nowhere else to keep it, being naked and all.
I shook my head.  I didn't know that.  We’ve been in this room hundreds of times; that image never changed before.
“One of you, is more than enough,” I said.
“There was no case that I knew about.  ‘Course, I obviously didn’t know everything he was doing,” John said.
, his first and last specimen for Grandfather’s album, and come to understand how permanent death was.
He faced me then, violin in one hand, bow held high in the other, like a riding crop.
“When I finished the designs, you were still asleep, so I made a hilt for your blade.”
“I thought he was going to fly right into us,” John said.
I circled, elbows out, palm striking palm.
“I’m the older, wiser brother, Sherlock,” Mycroft warned, raising his chin and turning away.
It flew at a sharp angle and disappeared over the top, not even the torn end of it showing over the edge.
I looked down and snorted.  “Probably, a good idea.”  My cloth was hiding about as much as a towel over the shoulder would after a bath.
“Too often overlooked in diagnosis,” I said.  I had not overlooked it.  Murray had suffered no complications.
Sherlock turned the pages slowly, then handed the sketch book to John.
I leaned against the railing and looked up at him.
“That you’ve invited me to a ball.”  He raised an eyebrow.  “I know your handwriting,” I said.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow.
I had donated a vial the night before.  “Sure,” I replied.  “Let me wash.  I left my cardigan on the back of one of the kitchen chairs and rolled up my sleeves.  “Only be a moment,” I added because he was standing very still and it made the room too quiet.
“Play for it.”
Mrs Hudson stood near the doorway, holding a tray.
“Oh, I think it’s
I peered over the side.  We appeared to be moving against a current.
His fingers were fast and once I was disrobed, he prowled around me with narrowed eyes, then he moved nearer and explored with his fingertips, leaning so close I could feel his breath on my skin.  He paused at my side, his hand pressed to the pink outline of the bite.
“I was dancing alone again, on a black surface, but this time I knew it was water.”
“I said all sorts of nonsense as one does when soothing an animal, and he finally settled onto the water and allowed me to feed him.  I’m not sure what he thought had happened to Alan, but he seemed to consider himself the victor in the encounter.”  She paused and glanced out the doors.  “When I felt he was completely calm…”  Her hand made a stroking motion through the air. “…and still talking to him, I managed to row the boat under the bridge, shipped the oars and offered the swan more bread.  Alan managed to slip out of the boat and jog down the path.  I tied the mooring rope to the end of the fence and got out a couple minutes later, hurried up the stairs to the bridge and left Alan to reclaim the boat when it seemed safe.  I got back here as quickly as I could, and came out onto the balcony.  The swan was swimming near the other side of the canal, his wings up, but he didn’t come to me when I called, just kept swimming back and forth across the water.”
“Not yet,” John said and stretched towards the nightstand again.  This time he clicked off the light before sitting back on his heels facing the head of the bed.
Thus, we were arrayed, when I saw Wiggins wending through the guests to Mycroft’s side.  Whatever he whispered in Mycroft’s ear made him raise an eyebrow and nod.  Wiggins slipped back into the throng.  Mycroft leaned towards his mother, then straightened and headed the way Wiggins had.  I glimpsed the top of Wiggins’ head going into the ballroom.  Mycroft appeared before us.
“You wear a ring in your ear at times, do you not?” the king asked.
“Oh, there was some arrangement when they built that,” Mrs Hudson said.  “When it was new, there was a private platform under the house.  That was part of the agreement, but that hasn’t been used in an hundred years, I think.  The tunnel and the tracks are still there though.”
I had not been sleeping well.  When I started to dream, I would awaken.  I was mad that he had left me behind again.  Perhaps I was not ready to go along, but I was still angry and so I deprived myself of the feeling of his arms around me at night.  Wherever he was, he was thinking of me.  At least that was what I thought the dreams meant.  Maybe they only meant that I was thinking of him.
“It takes practice,” Sherlock replied, lowering his violin from his shoulder.
I shuffled closer, knelt by the parapet and peered over it into the night.
“It is, dear, and I have a little information from last night,” she replied, peeking into the kettle.  “Would you like another cup of tea, John?” she called and filled it up.
I got down on my knees and peered at the small plants growing between the roots of the tree.
I lifted my arm to the side of the chair.  It might have been a step towards getting up, but it felt good resting there.  I was sitting, weight off my legs entirely.  That was pleasant.  The chair half framed me, back behind mine, seat alongside.  It might have been cosy if there hadn’t been a draught along the floor.
“No playing fields nearby,” Sherlock said.
“He stitched me up a few times before I had a doctor in residence,” Sherlock said.  “What did you tell him had happened to you?”
No, actual people.  To defraud insurance companies or escape the police.
Sherlock shook his head.  "Take a close look at that shirt, Lestrade, use my loupe, if you like."
I spotted an orange handle peeking out from under a sheaf of photographs, walked around the table and held them up.
Sherlock jingled the coins in his pocket.  Perhaps it was the effect of the surrounding silence, but the sound seemed much louder than what a few coins might be able to produce.
I looked back at the sky.  The clouds had nearly obscured the moon.
The water hissed around the burnt wood.  I pushed it deep so that no embers would remain to set the boat alight.  I placed what was left of the torch on the bottom of the skiff and lowered my boot onto it to prevent it from rolling.
I’d almost forgotten the weight on my shoulder, forgotten why I'd brought it with me.  My grip tightened on the willow.  “I’ve become rather accustomed to it.”
He snatched the box from the hearth, tucked it in his pocket and left through the door.  The stairs did not creak as he descended.  He filched a pastry from Mrs Hudson’s kitchen, saw the milk by the pots of herbs outside the kitchen door.  “You live in a good house, John,” he said.  He strolled back to the park, a mist obscuring him from the artificial eyes the humans had mounted on poles.  He smiled as he leapt over the fence, skimming the points of the pales.  “Different from the old days,” he said.  “Those eyes saw nothing, but it was interesting to watch them rot.”
We'd reached the side of the clearing directly opposite the open vista to the south, when the neighing of a horse announced the arrival of late-comers.
“He was trying to join us,” Sherlock explained, “to add himself to our pattern before it faded.”
I watched with fascination the progression of expressions on the man's face as Sherlock spoke, his words enunciated with his typical precision, their speed that of a native speaker of the tongue.
I turned more in my chair towards Holmes.  “He died while you were away.”  I shook my head.  It had been a sad, but well-nigh inevitable outcome.  “Thereafter, his wife, Kate, was taken with the idea of contacting his spirit.”
Kit turned, too, but didn’t move forward while I got a good grip on the willow.
He did not take it.  “I can write down the directions to the house on Baker Street,” Sherlock said.
I could have counted them if I’d wished, so precise was the image, but what I really wished to do was kiss that pale cheek.  I bent lower.
The resonance was returning to his voice.  I found it heartening even as the waves of pain rolled over me.  I blew out a series of short breaths.  “Wings?” I gasped.
I had managed to get my arms securely under Sherlock’s arms, my forearms resting on the frame of the trapdoor.  The squared edges of the beam were digging into the inside of my other arm.  I braced another against the floor.  “Can you get one of your legs back up?”
I shivered again.  He was getting colder.  “You, too.”
Near the horses' feet, water splashed from a rocky source, dampening the grass along its verge, darkening the sand beyond.
John sat by the hearth.
I slipped it on.  The stone caught the lambent light and appeared to hold it.  I moved to touch Sherlock’s hand with the tip of my finger.  Static electricity snapped between us before I reached his skin.
There was some dire music in his words.  I shivered.
A horse whinnied.
“And so, we grew.  I read to him from my books and showed him things through my microscope.  When I started having tutors, Redbeard would sit through the lessons with me, although he did sometimes fall asleep.  I did wonder that the tutors never scolded him for that, because they certainly scolded me when I was inattentive.”
Sherlock smiled at that.
And I watched until I couldn’t resist the urge to close my eyes anymore.
I looked back and forth between the three of them.
“The chimney sweeper moth in your album,” Sherlock said.
“How’s that going?  All the stairs,” Mike asked, eyes drifting to the cane hooked over the back of John’s chair.
“What?”
“You’re not taking the piss, are you?”
Our footsteps resounded on bare wood as we crossed the hall.
I tilted my head back.  He suckled at my throat.
After this rush of words, he fell silent.
Mycroft bent down and took Molly’s hand and kissed it.
I held it in front of my face.  It was clearer than most of the others and had split neatly in half.  I touched one of the edges to my lip.  It felt sharp.  My lip would be easier to cut than a finger.
Right.  I mean, I can improvise, but it helps to have a general idea.
Puck’s eyebrows went up and then down.  “But I am usually at court, unless I am on an errand,” he said.
I looked at the page which Sherlock indicated and whistled softly.  “That is a beautiful thing,” I said.  There was a thick border of flowering vines painted in brilliant reds, blues and greens outlined in gold inside of which a large, blue capital O framed a miniature painting of an open window in a castle tower.  “What’s it the opening to?” I asked, for such was the title over the few bars of square notes on the page.  I was afraid even to turn the page and see what followed because of the obvious age of the book.
“I am sorry, John,” he said.
Dread.
“Yes,” the man cried as he rolled on the ground.  “God, yes.”
I felt the heat spreading from my cheeks, down my throat to my chest.
"How..."
“You have a text from a Robin E. D’Arborea on your phone,” John said from the desk.
Well, I am working on the other approach.
On one of the staircases, I met the physician of the family. His countenance, I thought, wore a mingled expression of low cunning and perplexity. He accosted me with trepidation and passed on.
John stretched towards the nightstand.  “Because you told me,” John said, grabbing the slim bottle there, “and I was listening.”   He poured oil into his cupped hand, slathered it over his abdomen, down under his balls and up his cock.  He darted a glance at Sherlock, settled back on his heels and poured more oil over his hand.  “My arm around your waist would not be a pleasant thing right now.”  John rubbed the dripping oil over his thighs and back up over his cock.  “My hands on your hips though…”  John patted his thighs.  “Care to come closer, Mr Holmes?"
“Snip here,” he said, sliding a finger under a segment of string that was still attached at both ends.
The diagram for the dance had traced the pattern of a rose and as we danced the scent of roses had intensified.  At its conclusion, we bowed to one another.  All around us others did the same.  I had not noticed them dancing at all.
Sherlock glanced down at me.  His eyes, too, had taken on a silvery sheen in the fading light.
What remained to me on this dreary day subsequent to our return was a longing for the warm light that had blessed our excursion and lit Holmes’ skin in our tower.  I opened my eyes to the grey, weeping skies over Marylebone.  I missed the sun.
A shiver ran down my back.
“How did you know where I was?” I asked.
“A lot of nonsense,” I said, but I thought he was one who could inspire tales of his own.
The bird turned his head and fixed a bright eye on me.
“Nor I,” Sherlock said.  “I’ve been puzzling about it since Redbeard died. Before that though, it just was.  It was a fact that I had seen demonstrated several times a day, every day, since I was born, like the flip of a switch bringing light or voices coming from a radio.”
I touched the edge of my teeth to his nipple.  “There isn’t time, is there?” I whined and flicked my tongue over the moist skin.
I saw myself below, curled on my side, mossy log for a pillow.  Snow had dusted me from hat to boot, but I slumbered on atop a cushion of dropped needles and fallen leaves.  They had become warm beneath me.  Only my nose looked cold, the one part not covered by wool or leather.  It drew in a breath of juniper and yew and pine.  A last snowflake drifted down through the branches, green and bare alike, and landed on my nose.  It twitched and I turned my head, tucking my nose into my scarf.
Sherlock murmured in his sleep.
“Poor sod.  Londoner?”  I filled my mug and sat.
“How do you feel about Marseille, John?” Sherlock asked when I finally emerged from the bathroom.
He picked a strawberry from a brimming bowl of fruit and offered it to me to bite.  I was a little surprised, but, in this, too, I followed his lead and bit it in half.
“Mike, is that teaching position you told me about already filled?”
“He is a fair fellow,” I blurted out.  “Gazing at you, with his gazelle eyes, as though you were the morning sun.”
“I am, but I wasn’t being particularly quiet just now,” Sherlock said, “you were thoroughly engrossed.”  He leaned over my shoulder, dishevelled curls brushing past my face and peered at the drawing.  He held his right hand above it.  “A good likeness,” he said, “from memory.”
My eyes shifted to him.  I had nearly forgotten he was there, so silent and still had he been.  He was watching Sherlock.
“Expedient,” he insisted and made to stand, “we have much to do.”
“As a sea serpent should.”  Sherlock glanced at John.  “A creature best not aggravated, but a formidable ally.”
Sherlock paused in the doorway and raised an eyebrow.  “Surely, you are keen to cast your medically-trained eye over the lab results as soon as possible.”
John considered how relaxed and open the pose was and wondered what Sherlock was playing at.  The stillness of intense scrutiny, the restlessness of impatience, the languor of profound boredom – John was accustomed to all of those responses to recitals of clients’ woes, but not this studied caricature of ease.  It would make her expansive.  Sherlock never wanted that.  Details, yes, but relevant ones only and usually as rapidly disclosed as possible.
“I suppose I haven’t.”
“Biophysicist?” I asked, returning my gaze to my host.
“Is that all I’d be worth?  What an insult!  It was wise of you to forestall such a thing.”  He smiled at me.
His brows rose a little at my boldness, but he didn’t raise his head.  “If the recipient of such a gift accepts to wear it, he cannot remove it alone; giver and receiver must unlock it together.”
“Can you see him?”
“Yes, of course, heat,” he said and grabbed my hand.
John stopped, ginger snap halfway to his mouth.  “Not really.  Mike and Greg.  The Royal Mail.  I’ve done a forwarding order for first-class post.  Why?”
“Milk, please, no sugar,” I replied, pulling the lab door back into the position in which I had found it.
“Sure, right,” I said as I dragged the willow through the doorway.  The hall door swung shut behind me, as was the front door before me.  Bolted even.  But the vestibule was empty.
“Love to,” he said, “but gluten intolerance.”  He watched her brow furrow just a little.
“Very sure,” I said.
Sherlock exhaled noisily, bracing himself on one hand and clutching John’s forearm harder with the other.  “Can you guess mine?” Sherlock asked, his breath failing at the end of the question.
“You don’t need to.  I tried to tell you that before you left, but you…”
Mycroft’s silvery glow lit up the bandstand by the lake.  Night-blooming jasmine and honeysuckle grew up its pillars and snaked across its roof, the scent of their flowers radiating into the darkness.  The hum of thousands of moth wings filled the air, pierced by the occasional note of a sleepy bird.
“We usually have more lead time for dos like that,” Wiggins said and I relaxed the grip that had tightened around the knife.
I turned the instrument over, considered it from all sides.  Its pipes were made of hollow branches in gradually decreasing size.  The bark had been stripped away and the wood oiled.  The joins where smaller twigs must once have grown remained, like knuckles on fingers. The wood of each pipe was a different shade.  They were bound together with a thick string of coarse, twisted fibres.
John tapped at his keyboard.  “Ah.  Don’t think it’s that,” he said.  “Just looked her up.  Ornithologist at the Zoological Society of London.  Robin, the bird scientist, I believe.”
Fine.  I know nothing about it.  I was just making anthropomorphic assumptions.
He waved me away.  “Best not keep him waiting,” he said and followed the taxi driver round to the boot.
Opening locks and wards is like surgery.  Simple ones can be like excising a mole, but for the complex ones the song has to reach the inner workings, to see them, understand them and undo them.  After my first month, I don’t think the kitchen locks were ever meant to stop me, although they had that effect.  I really should remember to ask who they are meant to stop.
There was a denser shadow in the darkness.
“When did you see the encampment and hear the flute?” Holmes asked.
“Oh?”
Without the flicker of a candle, the musicians played on.  The clarinet joined the flute and the drum.
“How ‘bout the coffin-maker?” John pressed.
“Good,” he said and led me out another door.
“What’s that one, then?”
“I just like to experiment with desserts,” Mrs Hudson said, “baking mostly.”  She placed one dish before me and another across the table and sat down facing me.  “Although, I cook when she’s on holiday or under the weather now and then.”  She nudged the plate of biscuits closer to me.  “Take a few of those.  Bite of biscuit first, then the ice cream.”
“Ah, there you are, dear!”
“He needed something of yours to make the spell work,” Mycroft said.
“Damn my leg,” John shouted, slamming his hand down on the wood.  The tin bounced.  He glanced about.  The hall was quiet, Mrs Hudson’s door shut, its glass dark.  He turned the note over.
The room grew darker and a pain ran up my leg that I had not felt in a week.  My hand shot out for balance and my palm met his back.  A wave of displeasure for having asked that question washed over me.  I wondered what particular thing I had done that had caused me to fail or if it was the aggregate of everything.  Perhaps he desired a more compliant doctor or a less inquisitive one.  I had not wished to fail, but I was not going to let him go uncared for either.
“How hard or easy it would be, is for you to decide,” Sherlock said.
“Good.  I’ll send Kit up to stir for you.  He and Midnight are down there having a late lunch.”  She added another pot to the basket.  “I could cut off a bit of your willow branch for him to stir with.  Shall I?”
"Two two-pound coins and the coppers," Lestrade said.  There was more jingling.  "Where are you going?"
I can’t tell.
His hand closed around my ankle, the nails digging into the skin and I rocked faster still.
I moved closer.
“Once, we went to a fancy dress party and he hired a Charles II costume.  I was Nell Gwyn, of course.  But, he insisted on switching the black wig for a blond one.  He was blond and very vain about his hair,” she continued, brushing her fingertips past her own hair.  “He looked so beautiful in that costume.  I couldn’t wait to get it off him.  I suppose this artist felt the same way about whoever was modelling for him.”  She moved the card from side to side and I wondered if she was seeing any movement in the image.  “That’s why we got married a month after we met; we just couldn’t keep our hands off each other.”
“If a motor accident hadn’t removed our father from our lives, she’d probably have stayed with him until he killed her in one of his rages.  She stayed with him too long as it was.  How sane could she have been?”
The bird rapped on the glass with his beak, the sharp sound clear across the water.
He nodded again.  “There’re control samples at the back of the fridge,” he said.
The cart appeared to have disappeared.
Now, and for the past month, it has been my waking hours that seem a dream.  I open my eyes in my old room and wonder whether I ever abandoned it.  Was my marriage but an amorous fantasy?  That harrowing day at Reichenbach but a nightmare?  Or, is this return to my old haunts nothing more than a self-indulgent daydream in which I have taken refuge from my gloom?
Within, Holmes was sprawled upon the settee, his violin resting upon his chest, his bow arm dangling off the side, the bow resting along the carpet.  Through half-closed eyes, he watched me approach.
I shook my head.
“How soon could you meet me by the boating lake in Regent’s Park?  Genetic results in.”
The air seemed to flutter with his sounds and his final cry to startle the echoes into flight.
John twisted his hips and rolled Sherlock onto his back.  “I’d bite your leg if you didn’t,” he said.
“I didn’t eat quite that much,” John replied, knowing full well that the size of his dinner was not what Sherlock was referring to.
I considered my fingers.  Where should it go?
“…to anything.”
She smiled at me and got up.  “Well, let me show you what we narrowed it down to in the end.”
“People who died earlier this year?”
“There’s not much to see either.”
Well, people have done such things.
"Someone got lazy and dumped them in the river instead or someplace that empties into the river.  They weren't caught and so kept doing it," Sherlock explained.
I opened my eyes.
“The dog’s, too.  He’s only doing what he’s been bred to do.  Best not to bring him near wildfowl, especially off his lead.”  John looked up at Sherlock.  “OK, fine.  Rant over.  You were in such a hurry to get over to the Pond, I’m surprised you stopped for the dog.”
With one more glance at the wall, I shifted my attention to the rocks that had so easily come loose.  “Selenite – from Selene, so it’s moonstone?” I asked, moving my hand a little under the candle light and watching the pearly reflections.  I was trying to remember some of my youthful geology, an enthusiasm that had followed my astronomy phase and preceded my medical one.
Sometime while I had nodded off, everyone standing around the pyre had settled down, to eat or rest I supposed, so that now the only people standing were those approaching the oak through the shadows streaked with moonlight.
Sherlock crouched down behind me, reaching over my shoulder to take the newsprint.
“Oh, for…” Sherlock snatched the phone up, glaring at it.
I took a wander about the flat.  We have dozens of pencils and biros, sharpies and highlighters scattered around.  One was sticking out of the skull’s left eye socket.  But I only found two coloured pencils:  red and blue.  They were actually two ends of one pencil.  I would have preferred a broader palette, but I’m good at making do.  I sharpened both ends.
I whistled the door closed behind me and pulled the willow limb further inside before letting it down.
“Would never,” Sherlock said.
“Except for this,” he said.  My moon blade dangled from his hand.  “And your dressing gown…” He dropped the chain over my head.  “…and your slippers.”
He stood, hand upon the open door, and regarded her.
Accidentally achieved or not, I couldn’t help feeling chuffed.  Who knew I had latent engineering skills.
I coughed.
“What?” I asked before his tongue darted out and tasted the blood from its source.
Nope.
The pressure brought back the warmth and still John held on.
“What’s he checking in his pocket?” John asked.  “Do you think he’s armed?”
I reached up, unclenched my teeth and drew the spoon out of my mouth.
In this case though, he had simply ascended a flight of stairs to a tower, which I suspected marked a corner of the Manor.
I blinked.  I sniffed the tea.  I’d opened a new box of teabags to make it.  Sherlock couldn’t have done anything to them, could he have?
I scowled.  “Ye-es,  I...did."  An image came back to me.  “There was...a sandstorm.”  I narrowed my eyes as though trying to see through the swirling grit.  “It was red…sandstorms look like that at sunset sometimes.”
He’s a skilled masseur.
The fire had burned low.
From the hall, Alan looked back at John.  “At least I see her swan and his mate now and then on the canal.  They always remind me of Madeleine.”  He raised his hand.  “Take care,” he added and headed down the corridor.
Her little boy tugged on her skirts.
Once he had, I regretted not having stroked the blade once more before relinquishing it, to catch another glimpse of a Sherlock I could never know.
“Things looking a little different from the last time I came down to the apothecary,” I said, looking at nothing but his sinuous movements.  Somewhere near I could hear water.
Hardly moving my lips, I continued.  “Are the steps to it inscribed on my skin?”
“No!” He shouted, striding back through the door. He took a deep breath when he stood before me again and regarded me from beneath lowered brows. “We have begun,” he said quietly.
John was doubly glad of his serviette.
Sherlock huffed.  “Second best, then.”
“I was.  It was after my last exam.  I'd stayed up all night revising, came home in the afternoon and collapsed on my bed.”  I rubbed my thumb across the back of Sherlock’s hand.  “I wanted to sleep for a week, but Mike came home and woke me up.  It was closing night for his girlfriend’s play, she’d given him two tickets and he didn’t want to go alone…and his girlfriend had a friend in the cast…”  I gripped Sherlock’s hand more tightly.  “He made me coffee and eggs and toast.  I was starving as well as exhausted and after gobbling up the food, I hated to say no.”
“Anytime.”
He stopped turning.  “Lift your arms,” he said.
“Won’t you come in?” Sherlock said.
“Leave it,” he said then stopped short.  “No, return it to your quiver.”
“Are you all right?”
From out it, up ahead, I heard Archie’s and Charlie’s voices.
“You used the ulnar artery at the cubital fossa,” he said, leaning nearer the paper.
, freely, happily.
I heard him set the book on the night table.
Sherlock was staring at the keyhole.  John thought Sherlock must be deducing Ms Swann’s drinking habits from the scratches on it.  Maybe John was.
“Mike…Doctor Stamford wanted to get together for lunch.  He’s free this afternoon,” I said.
“Oh, Puck, I nearly forgot,” Oberon said.
I plucked a shiny blackberry from his dish and popped it into my mouth.  The flavour took my whole mouth.  I guessed that they were also in the wine.
“I knew you were a madman the day I met you.  I wrote about it on my blog,” John replied and took a piece of toast.  “Yet here we are.”
“We will be right behind, if you would be so kind as to wait until our cab has arrived,” Holmes said.  “There are certain observations I can better make from an external vantage point and there is a stop we need to make along the way.”
“If people haven’t returned from a journey, or a battle, or a sea voyage, a possession dropped into the fire that brings no shape, means they haven’t died,” Sherlock explained.
“Mm,” Mycroft said and gestured towards the Jaguar.  A driver leapt out and opened the back door for him.  “I take it you wouldn’t care for a lift home,” he said.
I heard the fluttering of birds’ wings, felt their feathers at my feet.
Maybe he was testing the strength of my decision or aiming for a spot of humour.  I could only focus on how little space there was for the two of us to stand between the armchairs, his height all the more pronounced because of how near we were to one another.  My eyes fixed on the fair skin visible at his throat where his collar was undone.  I could see the pulse at his throat and repressed a smile.  My proximity was perhaps having some effect on him.  I wanted to count the beats with my fingertips; see if I could make them speed up more.
We used to walk up the other side of the road to rugby games in the park, my schoolmates and I, peering over the cars and between the buses, whispering to one another despite the noise of the street.  What was there supposed to have been at the Manor?  I thought back.  What wasn’t there supposed to have been?
I tried to turn it again.  The lock resisted, so I pressed harder.  If it broke off in the lock, Sherlock wouldn’t be able to pick it.  I pushed anyway.  “Do not break,” I warned it.  Reluctantly, the key ground through another full rotation.
I blinked.
When have I not been fit?
“What are we hunting?” I asked, raising the crossbow.
There was a note atop the biscuit tin on the mantelpiece in the hallway.  It bore his name in violet ink.  John hung his cane on the edge of the mantel and inhaled:  ginger and nutmeg and something he could not place.  She was inventive in her cooking, was Mrs Hudson.  He unfolded the note.
He’s too tense.  That only ever means danger.  And I want to understand what kind.
“It shifts with you?”
“I am so sorry, John.”
In the event that at the time of my death any Child of my body shall be unmarried and shall not have attained the age of twenty-one years, then and in that event, I name, constitute and appoint my only sister, Madeline Anabel Lenore Usher, as Guardian of the Person of said Child or Children with all the powers, rights, duties, privileges and liabilities of a Guardian under the Laws of England and Wales.
“John.”
“Everybody desert you this morning?” I asked.
John played a little higher, took another step backwards, then another until he was by his bed.  He set aside the clarinet and stretched out a hand, palm up.
The waves boomed, briny drops fell on John’s back.
The cloud had followed him.  It was raining softly.  Water trickled over his shoulders.  It added to the steam.
“The fellow dozing against the log over there, despite the fellows on either side of him singing what sounds like a drinking song.”  I nodded towards the group.
“Or, scavenger hunting.”
“That’s thoughtful of you,” John said.
“Maybe,” she said, walking towards the table.
He moved his arm to his left.
I looked about, holding my knife point upwards along the inside of my arm, ready for when I understood upon whom I might need to use it.
“You belong in the wood,” he said.
Ms Swann refocussed on him, held her hand a little above her head.  “Someone around my height, a slim figure, all in black.”
In our meanderings, we passed several stairways leading down from the roof, but I would not venture to use any but the one we had employed to ascend or the other we had taken down when the time to return to the library had approached.  I had been thinking to go up again before bed, but I persisted with the research too long and the likelihood of getting lost would have been rather high.  I had a desire to see the moon from up there, but resigned myself to leaving it for another night.
“We shouldn’t make them wait too much longer,” he said, stepping back.
“Soon,” John reassured as he pushed gently.  “Very soon,” John repeated and grasped Sherlock’s hips.
The lines on his brow smoothed.  He rested two fingers on the deck for a few seconds, then lifted more than half the cards and set them to the side.
“So, I went." She nodded.  "He had seats, you see, to watch a tournament of some fancy card game, I didn't even catch its name I was so distracted by him sitting next to me in his dinner jacket, but the decks had green clubs and the French initials for the picture cards."  She smiled.  "He'd bought me an evening dress of plum silk for the occasion.  It was a very glamourous casino.”  She patted the lid of the box.  “I wonder if the cards in here are like that.”
"Have a rest," Sherlock said, stooping to pick a pebble from the ground.  He stood, tossing it from hand to hand and pivoting slowly.  He peered past us with narrowed eyes as though he would memorise every detail of the terrain as he turned.
“Remainder to the son in the first instance, but if he pre-deceased his mother, then to…”
“Thinking will be clearer after both,” I murmured, rubbing my chin.  There was two days’ worth of stubble there.  I drained my cup and peeked into the teapot in hopes that there would be enough for another cup.  There was not.  I replaced the delicate china top and noticed my hand.  The scratch from the thorns was nearly gone.
It would not have surprised me to see a patent leather slipper and a stockinged shin appear atop the step.  Instead, a black-booted and trousered leg was our first glimpse of our visitor.  The rest of his person emerged in a graceful motion, clothed in contemporary fashion, his colours ebon.  He paused a moment on the pavement, then straightened his waistcoat and strode to our door.
“Then I would like to know how you communicate with the falcon,” I said.
“It’s called browsing,” I replied, eyeing the tattered box on the desk.  “What’s all this, then?”
“I closed the window in the hallway; it’s started to rain.”  The voice was louder.
I shook my head.  Beneath the table, I inched one of my stockinged feet forward until it was on top of one of his bare ones.
If Sherlock didn’t have something to keep his mind engaged, he wasn’t likely to sit still long enough for me to do any serious drawing and that was pretty much the star around which my days orbited unless we were running around for a case.
“Yeah,” I answered slowly, thinking about the power of naming and the crowds that had flocked to the opening days of the exhibition, murmuring and jesting and taking photos in the courtyard and posting them with captions like "Renfield and Me".  I considered the vastness of the internet where the statue's nickname would have been echoed in reblog after reblog.
I curved my hand onto his inner thigh.  The skin is nearly hairless there and incredibly soft.  “Yes, but not now, with this…this thing looming over us.”
“It was all right.  When we went out on the water, he was always a b… Look!”
I mounted the stairs slowly.  Holmes had little in the way of family and I had none.  A former colleague of mine would not be likely to include Holmes in the address, an old acquaintance of Holmes’ would not be likely to include me.  A member of staff at Bart’s or a member of the Force might well do so, but they would be unlikely to use such stationery.
"Ah, Molly, I see you've met John.  Would you like to assist me while he recuperates?"
Sherlock nodded.  “His littermates had been stillborn.  The whole lot deemed a disappointment to the team in charge of the breeding experiment.  They were going to put him down.”  He looked at the floor.  “He was shivering on the long, metal table.  I put him in my coat pocket.”
was coming to an end.
Sherlock dropped the remaining gold on the cushion next to me.  “I’ll help you with the rest,” he said, settling on the floor and lifting up a narrow braid of gold and silver.  He grasped each side and pulled.  The capped ends opened.
I shook my head.  “I thought Willoughby was going to fall to his knees when that cupboard was opened and everything appeared to be in there.  Possibly, kiss your shoes whilst he was down there."
“And what is this?” Oberon said, extracting a gold-tipped white feather from the cobwebs in the box and holding it up.
Mrs Hudson used a gilt ladle to scoop an apple out and set it softly in a small bowl before spooning sauce over it.  She offered the dish to me.  “See what you think.”
“I want to hold you a while longer,” Sherlock said.
“Welcome to the side of the angels, Doctor Watson,” he said, delicately inclining his head towards me.  “If you’ll excuse me.”
John learns that one of the terms of employment is that he must remain at the Manor, unless accompanying Sherlock elsewhere, for the entire month of his probation.   He doesn't think that's all that different from being in the Army.
We had reached the edge of the woods.  The cool of the shade welcome after the bright sun of the sward.
Mr Chatterjee brought two bowls of steaming soup to the table.
Age cannot wither her, nor custom stale
“Always.”
She pointed behind us.  “Their section is along the wall by the passage to the music room.  Time for that later though.”
She leaned over to see the manuscript better.  “I remember how that was.  I didn’t have the patience for it when I was young.”
John looked up from his notebook so quickly, he almost swept it off the table.  A variation on the hackneyed line of ‘who are you and what have you done with my…’ Sherlock, flashed through his mind.
He groaned and I relented, drawing softly away with light kisses.  I looked up.
I held my breath until the last reverberations died away.
The memory of the pain came back to me.
Sherlock stared at the wall.
A gust of mild air pushed the balcony doors further open.  It carried the faint spring scent of the flowers in the courtyard mingled with the stronger smell of the roses that had bloomed all winter long around my balcony.  I closed the file, the corner of the sticky note a splash of colour dividing the length of the folder’s age-bleached cover.  Hopefully, I would have a chance to tell Sherlock my theory during the day; perhaps some physical evidence survived on which we could test it.  I tugged the towel from around my neck and rubbed it over my hair.  Clothing or a bit of jewellery maybe?  I didn’t know how long such things were kept; perhaps the paper record was all that remained.  Such basic questions.  Despite how much I had learned, I was still a novice, well, an apprentice perhaps, but it would be another chance to show him how I was taking every opportunity he gave me to learn more.
“It is,” John agreed, nodding at her.  He couldn’t help thinking of Mike Stamford’s grin that first day in the lab at Bart’s.
“I cede to your superior knowledge,” I said, thinking that he could smell like a polecat and it would barely dim his allure.
“Thank you…I think,” I said to his back.
“I’m so happy you’ll be staying...John.  I knew Doctor Stamford would have a good recommendation for us.  I could feel it in my bones.”  She smiled and looked around the garden.  “You know, we do have lights we could turn on out here.  They’re rather pretty…”
Chapter 2 prompt: Number 4 (Deck the Halls)
He stood at that and gathered up a stack of what looked to be receipts.  “Some of our investigations will have to wait for the morning,” he said.  “Shall we repair to our room?”
I touched it lightly with my tongue and was rewarded with a smile once more.  I licked more liberally, drawing his fingers into my mouth.
Sherlock hopped from the branch, the wings that opened as he fell had grown green and translucent.  He stopped, hovering over the acorn cap.  He sniffed.  “The key’s been dipped in poison.  One of Puck’s by the scent of it,” he said.  “Does he know the key's missing?”
“It happens too fast live.  It's little more than a blur,” Sherlock said.  “Watch.”  He clicked play.
He set the case on the coffee table, sat on his bed and ran his hands over the scuffed wood, the chrome fittings at the corners, the worn leather around the handle.  It looked remarkably like the case he had had as a child, right down to the uneven “W” scratched into the side of the handle.  He unlatched a clasp. The second one resisted.
“Do I have time?” John succeeded in asking.
“No.”
A full photoset may be seen
I checked my cards.  My eyes grew very wide and my hand darted out to cover most of them.  "What..."
I glanced up.  An open wooden tower supported a large bell near the top.  It glinted flame-like in the firelight.  I turned my head.  I could hear the rushing of water in the dark behind Wiggins.
I took up my fork.
“Anything else?”
I set the empty salad bowl aside and took a peek into the covered platter.  Two roasted birds sat on a bed of rocket, small roasted potatoes and large mushrooms circling them.  I inhaled the spicy steam.  My appetite perked up.
I stood before the fountain of wine, trying not to stare at the figures around the silver tree trunk that looked so much like Sherlock and me.
Sherlock rose to his feet and grabbed it.  “You may be sorry you did that,” he said as he stomped away.
The seconds stretched out; the pressure increased.  My toes curled in my soft new shoes and I shouted so loudly I’m sure my voice carried up the chimney and frightened the pigeons.
John complied.
“Gather your cuttings first, John,” he whispered, his lips brushing against my shoulder.  “Fill your bag to bursting, then I’ll take you right here.  You needn’t move at all.”
My eyes dropped lower.
He nodded, eyes still fixed on the woods.
Holmes was already leaning out the sitting room door and giving instructions before I had time to stand and stretch – a few bones crackled and I heaved a great sigh.  It was a relief to share all of this with Holmes.  I started to grin at the pleasure of bringing such a fine puzzle to him, to hold his interest as I obviously was.  My smile faded.  What would he make of the final chapter?
Everything got grayer.  I glanced out the window to see if it had started to rain, but the sky appeared unchanged.  I read the message again as I walked to the lab to consult the notebook.  My appetite had disappeared.  Attending to the lab work immediately held a greater attraction than eating, but after perusing the new entries and checking the samples I saw that there was nothing to be done for another two hours.
“Good, good,” Angelo replied, his eyes bright.  “Whatever you want, I will make it myself.”
lit up on the screen.  I glanced over at Sherlock and caught the side of his grin.  Maybe I’d try to draw that aboard ship.
Only the talons digging into the bark of the branch, kept Mycroft from falling off.
“To feast on me,” Sherlock said matter-of-factly.
I stared.
I stared at the printed pages that hid him.  “Retracing your steps?”
The sound stopped and the swan closed his eye.
“But you’re not one of them,” I checked, to be sure.
“My jumping onto the departing lorry,” Sherlock said, hand moving up John’s calf.
I held up a finger.  “Don’t tell me yet.  Another day or two and I’m sure to get it.”
“Oh.  I see,” Corvus said, wilting.
Sherlock huffed.
I walked to the bedside where Sherlock was leaning forward, reaching for something.
“You haven’t shared that adventure with your chronicler, I see.  Just as well, although I am sure you would be most discreet about it,” Dean Bradley continued.  “As I will be about today.”
"You think something's followed them here?" Lestrade said.  "But even a thousand years ago, there weren't sharks living in the Thames."
John’s fingers wavered between keys.  He was looking up.
“Well, if seeing my hair in curlers was what she was curious about, then she went away satisfied.  Otherwise, no,” Mrs Hudson said.  “I had reporters, you know, lurking around here for months.  They tried all sorts of things to get information from me.  I thought it odd that one would pop up after all this time, but she seemed like one of them.”
There was a rush of breath.
His fingers had returned to their fidgeting, twisting the black medallion dangling from the end of his watch chain back and forth.  I could see that the gold and black band he wore on his left ring finger had writing upon it, but I could not see more than a capital ‘R’ from where I sat.
Funny.
“Is that why the food at the Manor is the best I’ve eaten in my life?”  That pleased her, but I hadn’t said it as a compliment, although it was that, too.
Sherlock smiled at that and held out his hand.  It was full of berries.  More kinds than I’d noticed when I’d looked in the cap.
I took a deep breath.  “Like the sharing trees?”
“Yes,” I said.  “And I have such very good ones.”
I looked around the book-lined room, paused at the doors to the laboratory and again at the glowing embers in the hearth.  “Yes, I guess I do.”
He seems too fond of his own jests to be a real one.
"It's a good thing all the parts we lopped off fell into the boat," he informed me.
There were eyes.  I did pages of them trying to get the colour right, and, I must admit, there were a number of mouths: pouting, yawning, smirking, frowning.  There were several bare feet:  flat on the floor, up on the desk, dangling over the arm of his chair, crossed at the ankle and balanced on the armrest of the sofa.
“And now you do.”
She pointed to the iron palings by the steps.  “You see where the fence is?  That’s the edge of the Manor land these days.  On the surface anyway.  The cellars go out under the road and below the basement level of the buildings on the other side.  They’re quite the labyrinth, they are.  Best not to try exploring those on your own.”
I gripped the arms of the chair, the sound of my name echoing in my head.
“You’re not actually injured, you’re feeling my injuries,” he answered, his fingertips rubbing circles at my temple.  “Of course, the shock of extreme pain could kill you.”
John winced.  “Want me to put in a good word with the landlord?” he asked, switching hands and pressing the scalded one against his lab coat.
I looked over my shoulder at the path and the trees and underbrush beyond.  There was a rambling rose growing up one of the trees.
“I suggested he take a break for a while, but he’s not going to stop until he’s done,” she said when she came out.  “But you, young man, need to get some sleep before we go foraging tomorrow.”
I nodded solemnly.
“I’m not?”
That surprised me.
“Oh,” I said and some new web of sensation ran through my body.  “It is.  Please, sit.  I’m fine.”
“You want the jugular,” he said as his head emerged from the cloth.  “You’ll need another sheet of paper for that.”
I began to salivate.
“It acts as a catalyst,” he explained.  His lips had grown pale, his skin faintly grey.
“She would like a consultation about a friend who hasn’t been in touch for weeks.”
Sherlock leaned forward, tucking his knees under him.  “Can you forgive me, John?”
My breathing levelled out and my grip on my cane relaxed.
“Clever.”
“The wood won’t burn,” John hissed.  "I've used all the matches."
“I do not wish to be poisoned,” I said, just to have it on the record.
“Stand,” Sherlock said, appearing behind Wiggins’ crouched form.
I stared at Sherlock.
He hummed more insistently.
“I could try to save face and say I haven’t made my mind up yet, but I have.  If he wants me to stay on, I am definitely agreeing,” I said, “so no matter how it works out, I wanted to thank you for the opportunity.”
“Why?” I asked around a mouthful of egg salad.
The room grew dim and the wind picked up.  I switched on the light in the corner and closed the sitting room and kitchen windows, made myself a cup of tea whilst I was at it and grabbed one of Sherlock's spare magnifying glasses from the table.
Mycroft’s gaze went from my hand to my face as he worked one of the rings off his left ring finger.  It had a thick silver band, serrated along one edge, and curving upwards to hold a dark, iridescent stone in a claw.  He had another like it on the same finger and they both resembled the stones on his scabbard.
It had been twilight when he had finally awoken feeling rested.  He had breakfasted on pollen, rolled about in it then stuffed his pockets with as much as he could gather, in handfuls or on gold-coated leaves.  He took one out and munched on it.  They had helped get him through the night and this far into the grey morning.
I couldn’t hear it land over the hum of the crowd, but I saw a tremor shiver down the branches in front of me.
His hand slid off my back.  He leaned to the side and pressed his palm over a part of the inner edge of our design – on one of his lines.  It grew more distinct near his hand, a pale silvery-blue.  The colour spread, grew more intense.
“Can I come, too?  Please,” Kit pleaded.
Sherlock’s breath was moist at my groin.  I adjusted myself, sunk a little lower against the cushions and tried to distract myself by considering the ceiling.
I realised that I had clasped it and thought I might go up in flame.
I glanced up.  Siròc still circled above the top of the tree, the light feathers of her underside golden in the firelight, the tops of her wings silvery in the moonlight when she dipped a wing to turn.
I clutched him close.  “Sherlock, I’m not sure where we are, but it isn't the grove.”
The finest face and the neatest hands,
Then I would like to test the smoothness of your skin with the tip of my tongue.  I was grateful that those words did not escape me and hoped he could not see the mental picture that had accompanied them.
He began walking towards me then, his hand dropping to his chest.  Lithe, my love.
“You took to being sequestered very readily,” he remarked and I saw him counting up signs that he’d missed.  “And you saw things I didn’t think you’d be able to see.  And you’ve learned very fast.”
“Not yet.”  He took a folded sheet of paper from his jacket and placed it beneath my foot.  “Put your weight on that,” he said.  I stood.  A pencil appeared in his hand and he traced the outline of my foot with it, muttering to himself.  “Sit.”
Before I finished, I felt Sherlock’s other foot sliding over mine, his cold toes pushing up under the leg of my pyjamas.  My breath hitched slightly when they reached the skin above my sock.  “Let’s see what we have,” I said.
