John considered telling the truth, then immediately worried James would stalk him. “Yes. Tonight.” He went the rest of the way up the stairs, and into his room, grabbing his rucksack and putting a few clean work shirts into it, some smart trousers, jeans, pants… and finally the photos of the baby, and his pregnancy notes. He zipped them all up, and slung the bag onto his back, marching for the stairs, again.
“Yeah, well, after you left last night, I realised I was being a bit of a prick. And you’re not just a colleague. I’ll feel better knowing you’re safe, in every sense.”
Months dropped off the calendar, and John noticed his relationship with the young omega settling from frightened distance to close company, where they would sometimes sit together on the sofa, but never touching. John had meant what he said about leaving Sherlock alone, and Sherlock seemed grateful for it. He passed the summer exams easily, and when school broke up for eight weeks of holiday, John took four of them off with him.
He turned off the bedside light and lay down, being the big spoon even though Sherlock was taller, wrapping an arm over his chest. He inhaled the scent at the healed site of his mate's bonding bite. "I love you."
“Now, Sherlock,” Tabitha looked at the youngest alpha. “We need a statement from you, today, if you can, about why you think you’re a good choice of guardian for John.”
“It’s not a case of wanting,” John said, his voice hurting, “it’s… I love him. If we’re bonded… I might kill him, if I leave. He’d never forgive me. Never.”
He normally took his binder off as soon as possible. If John stopped over, he'd have to hide his figure, somehow. Maybe two t-shirts and a hoody would be OK. If John didn't look too close, and they didn't touch.
“Must be. Anyway, the family want Sherlock to have his baby – your baby, sorry – and then get into negotiations, but… We’ve kind of started courting, and you know what that’s like.”
Sherlock hummed, and followed John to the changing room. “I’ll give him a date to move out. He’ll be going to his parents’ for Christmas, anyway.”
“I know, it’s ok.” John stood to take his turn. “I get why you asked. Just… trust me, ok? When I say that it’s not the right time.” He picked up the bowling ball. “And Ryan, one of the alphas over there has his eye on you. Watch your back, eh?”
Sherlock bit into the sensitive flesh around John's nipple as he thrust into John. The man jolted as he moaned, scrabbling at Sherlock's back, pulling his hair and gripping his head as if trying to simultaneously pull Sherlock away and keep him where he was, lapping at the bite, which would soon bruise.
“Uh,” John groaned, and closed the fridge door. He put a hand to his belly, feeling how in the last day, his stomach muscles had started to give up the fight, and a slight rise lay under his hand, too small to see, but enough to feel.
“I…” John swallowed, and tried to gather his thoughts. The silence was oppressive. The things he wanted to say didn’t seem to want to come out. “Eurus? Did Sherry tell you Sherlock and I are expecting a baby? You’re going to be an auntie.”
“Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god…” he tried to fight down the panic that was rising. John moved the hand on his back and went to hold him tight.
Sherlock nodded, keeping his eyes on his plate. John realised he’d only eaten half a slice of toast.
"A brief reply would have done. And anyway, I seem to have gained access to the files," Sherlock spun the monitor around. "Colonel Mathers is rather more invested in keeping this conflict going than she ought to be."
“And good luck with everything, sir,” the corporal said, sympathetically. “Long-distance… is pretty difficult, I know.”
“Well… you said yourself, a line has to be drawn. This… could be where we draw it. Start again. If you wanted.”
Sherlock’s happiness evaporated instantly. This wasn’t what John wanted. It didn’t matter how much it meant to Sherlock, this was going to be devastating for John. Sherlock knew what it was like not to choose this life. He needed to help John understand. And to understand that it wasn’t he who caused it. “I didn’t…” Sherlock pulled himself up on the wardrobe. “John, I wanted…”
“He has put you up for a long time, though,” John said, shuffling closer on the bed as Sherlock held the booklet aloft. “It’d be nice for him to see you graduate.”
“Sherlock,” John said, “I’m never going to agree to it, you know? I don’t want to be turned, and I don’t want to be bound. I want to stay me.”
“Your father works for Citibank,” Sherlock nodded at the notepad with the bank’s logo on it. “That bank only has a few large branches. And you’re obviously American.”
John grit his teeth as Sherlock either missed or deliberately avoided his prostate. He huffed out a breath. "Christ, Sherlock, please..."
“Eurus is our father’s mouthpiece,” Sherlock said softly. “He’s using her beyond the grave. Even though he abused her terribly, she believes what he told her almost religiously. She believes she deserves to be where she is, and she believes it is her own fault for being an omega. Likewise, she believes our relationship was ruined by you.”
– a classic novel Sherlock had only heard about. It was supposed to have been written by an omega, and had been hailed as a historic work for decades before the author was discovered to have been a fraud, and an alpha who had used the book to spread his opinions about omegas throughout society.
John didn't doze for a long while, his fingers often tracing over the bite mark at his neck, where a nasty looking bruise was beginning to form, as it always did when Sherlock took blood from someone.
“I never wanted to bond with an omega,” Sherlock said softly. “I never had the flash of lust, or love, that gets talked about. I saw having a bond as being forced to give up my freedoms, and… a lot of people found that difficult to understand. Even Mycroft, and he thinks the same way. I think he wanted for me what he didn’t find for himself.”
“Sherlock…” John’s voice was ragged. “You smell so much of him…” He leaned back, aware Sherlock could feel his erection pressing into his leg. “You… and him.”
John was going to crack. He’d managed more than half a day but now he was losing himself. He hadn’t spoken in words since he bit Sherlock, only growls and hisses that were more animal than anything else. It was a matter of time before he lost himself completely, and attacked someone. Sherlock would have no hope of stopping him.
“What happened to Eurus?” John asked. His eyes were closed, and he was back on a drip for fluids and painkillers. He badly needed to sleep, but his skin was aching through missing his baby. It was as if she was still attached to him by some invisible cord, and he could sense her, even on the floor above.
John took Sherlock’s hands again. “It doesn’t change anything. Ok? I swear to you, it doesn’t change anything. I don’t regret seeing that picture, because I don’t believe it’s something for you to be ashamed of. Ok? I know… I know you’d like to think that nothing existed before you started transitioning. But you existed. You did, and I’m so glad you did. Because it meant I was able to meet you. You were still you. You were. I know it.”
John shrugged, but Sherlock could see his hands shaking. “Just some… crap about omegas getting pregnant.” He put the chocolate down on the counter. “I stormed out of his car.”
Mycroft frowned. “Yes. Quite a sophisticated line of attack. Instead of taking your life away, they’re trying to take something you actually value…” He glanced back at the house, where the dead woman was still inside. He’d left a card, as was polite, explaining how she died. There would be no repercussions, of course. “You will have to protect him, you realise.”
It did seem awfully difficult to deny that, now he thought about it… and the other night on the sofa… that magnetic draw towards John. How Sherlock had wanted their hands to come into contact, yet feared what would happen if they did. John had been the one to move away… but then he was an omega, even if he acted like a beta…
The classroom door crashed open, and four teachers, all betas, ran in. The two strongest ones went to restrain the alpha students, whilst the others bundled Toby out of the room, his eyes wide with shock, trousers soaked to the skin by the stuff pouring out of him.
“That’s how I met my mate,” Mrs Rivers went on, not noticing. “We were engaged before, but I’d never met him. That’s seen as a bit out of sorts, these days.”
"Right. But yeah... stuff happened, and then we ended up shagging. And just... never stopped. I don't like him. As a person. But he's always there."
“Oh.” Sherlock almost looked disappointed, as if he’d rehearsed the argument and now wouldn’t get to do it for real. “Really?”
The thought of Sherlock’s mouth and face and nose and hands so close suddenly made John heave, and he had to brace himself on the wall as he swallowed hard. He drew his shoulders up, and ran his own hands over his exposed skin, as if checking for breaks. There were none, of course. Of course there were none.
. He could hear his own heartbeat, smell the lilies in the hall, taste iron in his mouth from biting his own tongue.
John sighed. ‘I’m surprised they haven’t asked about her scent. She already doesn’t smell like me. Still, I’m awake, now.’ He shifted on the bed, gritting his teeth as his abdomen throbbed. ‘What’ve you been calling her?’
“Sherlock missing out on his inheritance is more than simple missing out on money,” Mycroft picked up his tea. “The inheritant line would drop to the next of kin, who, at the moment, is in an asylum. If he inherits, as sole heir, his carers have the responsibility for money and land and titles in their hands. And they will want him to bond, I can assure you.”
By the time he looked back down at his basket it was almost overflowing. And he didn’t even have any bath stuff, or nappies, or muslin cloths, or –
Another sigh. “I can track his phone. If I am able to make contact with him… Do you want him bringing home?”
Sherlock shrugged, then turned away from John. "War is difficult on everyone, Captain. I expect you’re not the only soldier here with nightmares. Your guilt does you no good."
Sherlock paused at the top of the stairs to the lounge, watching John put his briefcase down, and take his coat off. The scent of John’s den was very much in the omega’s nose, and for the first time he felt nervous. He used to live here. But a lot had happened in his time away. His sense of smell was much, much keener. Not enough to detect hormonal changes in the people around him, or to smell fear, or an oncoming heat of a fellow omega, but on walking into the alpha’s den, Sherlock was immediately on edge.
Sherlock had put him there. He hadn’t known what else to do with him. His eyes were still open, so Sherlock had put coins on the lids to try and hold them shut, the way people used to in the old days. He daren’t remove them to see if they had worked.
Sherlock clicked his tongue. “How wonderful for you to reconnect with old friends, John,” Sherlock smiled, the smile most definitely not reaching his eyes. “You’ve certainly fallen on your feet.”
“It was productive,” John shrugged. He didn’t feel nervous around Mycroft, for some reason – as though the oldest Holmes brother was less of a threat to him, or understood him better… Maybe it was just the way he spoke.
“It’s not a case of them not wanting to,” John sighed. “They simply aren’t able to process it as wrong. They’ll fight tooth and nail – I’ve seen newly bonded omegas with terrible wounds, and torn bites – right until the bond happens, and then nature forces them to submit. It isn’t something I’ll condone. And nor should you.”
It was terrible luck that the subject Sherlock liked the best was taught by the teacher he liked the least. Mr Robinson was old, stuck in his ways, and liked to set homework that would take longer to complete than an extra taught Chemistry lesson. His only saving grace was the fact he recognised Sherlock was academically gifted, and treated and taut him as such. And Sherlock filtered this down to John, who seemed to be benefiting greatly from them sitting together. They both did.
Eventually, he knew, either Lestrade would knock the door down or Mycroft would materialise in the flat. They knew he’d gone after John.
“Can so,” John said, his voice soft and low. “You smell like books, and lime-scented bodywash, and my jumper, and chemicals from the lab, and your skin has a scent… Just enough to make you
Sherlock's black skinny jeans didn't fit him anymore. John noticed they hadn't been through the wash in a few weeks. His mate hadn't mentioned it.
Two days ago, there’d been an ambulance on his street. Siger Holmes, Sherlock’s dad, had been taken to hospital. John didn’t know the details, but he guessed it was serious by the way his parents talked about it in hushed voices when he was around. He didn’t even know how old Siger was -older than his own dad, that was for sure, but he didn’t seem old enough to get seriously sick.
They’d barely spoken. Just unwrapped each other quickly, shedding layers atop the bedclothes, Sherlock throwing off his school shirt for the first time, revealing the tight binder that compressed his chest. John had kissed it, kissed Sherlock, his throat and neck and shoulders, over his binder, his arms, his wrists, hands, stomach, swirling his tongue around Sherlock’s naval, kissing the dark hairs than trailed from it, down to his underwear, kissing over the fabric, mouthing at the hardness hidden beneath.
But he didn’t comment. Just let sleep take him wherever it would. He didn’t need a destination. Because he was travelling with the best passengers.
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock reached across the table, but John withheld his hands. “John… I have lived my whole life thinking that I didn’t care about om – about relationships,” he changed his words carefully, for which John was grateful. “You don’t act like – you act like a beta. You want to be one. You pass flawlessly as one. You intrigued me, and I enjoyed your company, and… John, I don’t regret what happened last night. Not at all. But to continue it…” he sighed. “I honestly don’t know what to do.”
John didn’t laugh. The air in the room felt very thick, all of a sudden. “Sherlock… are you looking all this up?”
“I mean someone who works in paeds,” John chided. Then took Sherlock’s free hand. “Sherlock… I can’t begin to tell you how proud I am of you.”
His parents had been trying. It would be a lie to say they hadn’t been. They used male pronouns around half the time, and Sherlock’s father had bought him some cufflinks, though Sherlock had spoiled it by pointing out that all of his shirt cuffs had buttons.
“John,” the doctor who’d spoken before said gently, “you’ve only just come out of a synthetic coma, and we really need to assess you before we can let you –”
Harry looked thin. She had always been what their parents called ‘bonny’, but now there wasn’t a scrap of meat on her. She looked extremely thin in the face, especially.
for certain, but they knew I’d be going somewhere… Omegas are expected to be polite and so on, aren’t we?”
“I’ll leave,” he said, suddenly. “I’ll find somewhere else. I should have. Before now. But everything happened with Greg, and –”
“Yes, it does. You can one to spend time with someone without mating with them. Good god, you’re all still teenagers.”
There was no ceremony to mark their official coupledom, and almost nothing changed, except a few walls began to crumble.
“Less often than it used to. Times are changing. Omegas aren’t married off in their teens, anymore. Back in my day, it was first heat bondings that were the fashion.”
John was already up, having taken a day off to wait for Sherlock to come home with his results. He was just setting the table with cereal, toast and fruit. “Morning,” he smiled, and Sherlock felt a warmth spread through his chest from being looked after.
The male solicitor representing Siger stood. “We wish to retain John’s guardianship, as Sherlock is still in full-time education, and John was forcibly removed from Siger’s home, without his permission.”
It was Sherlock, and not Sherlock. Sherlock’s sister, was what he would have guessed at, without knowing. The girl in the photo had very long, dark hair, down to her elbows. She was wearing a school-uniform grey skirt, and tights, and shoes with heels. She carried a handbag-style schoolbag, not a rucksack. She looked happy.
“Mates,” John said sadly. “Nothing else.” Already it seemed like their quick shag was hours, rather than minutes ago. “Unless you want us to be.”
“It’s fine, I thought we were being burgled, or something,” James glanced at him. “You’re loud when you run.”
“No, it’s not,” John agreed. “It doesn’t matter, anyway. It doesn’t stop anyone doing anything, or being with anyone, no matter what they… are.”
Sherlock gave the newspaper sign another glance as the lights changed and he walked across. He needed to clear his head. Perhaps Molly was still at work. She tended to be, in case he needed her. Sentiment. And yet it worked to his advantage. It hadn’t always been the way. On the very rare occasional instances Sherlock had indulged in sentimentality, it had never worked out in his favour. Molly was both proof and denial of that. Perhaps that was why Sherlock kept her around.
“Ffffffuck me,” Sherlock sobbed, his begging turning to desperate moans as John pushed inside him. His entrance was a hundred times more sensitive than usual, and eager to be fucked.
John surged up into the kiss with what seemed like relief. He kissed back with hard determination, quickly escaping the hold on his face and grasping Sherlock’s wrists.
“Is it my scars?” James said again, not turning to look at him. “Before I had them, you… we… but now…”
did you do to me, Sherlock?” John eyes flashed like rubies in the afternoon light. His mouth was open, fangs bared, his shoulders set in an animalistic way Sherlock had never seen before. John was running on instinct, and Sherlock would have to talk him down.
“Don’t say you’re happy about it,” John pointed a finger at him. “Don’t you dare. I never wanted this. I wanted… I… fuck, I was going to leave you to try and stay safe and I…” he balled a hand into a fist and smashed it down onto the floorboards, going straight through. “I wish I was dead,” he said, humourlessly. “I really do.” He brought his hand up and looked at it, at the splinters falling away from his skin. “And instead I’ve got to kill someone else.”
) yawning, accepting a plate with a bacon sandwich on it. “Thanks. Oh, you’re brilliant, you are.” He took a bite out of it and made an obscene noise.
“Well, then, what is it?” she turned around in the passenger seat. “Sherlock, we are trying, but we need you to talk to us. Do you want me to book you in for more therapy?”
"Fucking hell," John hissed against his palm, and tried to thrust into Sherlock's grip, but Sherlock but his free hand on John's hip, and held him still.
Sherlock cocked his head, never breaking his gaze from hers. "Not very admirable of you, not owning up to what you worked so hard to accomplish, Colonel. Tell me, do you think you'll be more ashamed if you admit defeat while your humiliation is minimal, or when the truth is pried from your lips, and the people who wished to believe you --your daughter, for instance - are disappointed and devastated by the crushing reality of the monster you are."
‘No,’ Mycroft said honestly. ‘I can’t say I do. But I don’t like this, Sherlock. Something isn’t right about your story. You look ill talking about it. I don’t believe what happened was consensual.’
It felt like the end of an era. Next time John saw Sherlock, he’d be getting ready to leave for Cheltenham, for two years of training. They’d have John’s going-away party, and then that would be it. It was all over. The love that John had been nursing for Sherlock for the past decade almost had come to a dead end. There wasn’t going to be a fairytale ending, and their lives were splitting off in two very different directions.
“Uh,” Sherlock put his phone in his blazer pocket. “Yes. Mummy rang last night. They should be back this weekend.”
“But then I saw him have his first rut,” John said. “And he looked… vicious. Strong, and angry, and just… out of control. And it was like everything made sense, even though I didn’t want it to. He was an alpha, and that’s what they were like, and he was going to want to do… that, to me, at some point. And it was like realising that we were different, and… and I was just an omega, and there was no way I could fight him off, and even then I wasn’t supposed to?”
“…yes. He’s a detective. And a friend. We’re fortunate, really, that he picked up the case. If Siger is accusing me of kidnap, things could become extremely difficult.”
But the man didn’t seem to be listening. He wasn’t looking at the luggage belt, either. He was looking at Sherlock, his nostrils flaring as he inhaled. Sherlock wasn’t looking, he was leaning to try and see the suitcases. His neck was craning to see around the old lady in front of him.
“We are taking Mrs Trevor down to theatre now,” the doctor said with a warm, comforting accent. “She will deliver the baby by C-Section. It looks as though the baby will need a little help with his or her breathing, so we will have team ready to help them as soon as they are out.”
‘I don’t know, she seems very popular,’ Sherlock pointed out as Sally Donovan walked past for a third look. ‘You should have one come in regularly to cheer everyone up.’
And then it was over, as Sherlock panted hard, the boys retreating, Mycroft on the floor, hand to the back of his bloodied skull.
They were in his back garden on the picnic blanket, looking up at the darkening blue-black sky. Sherlock was lying back with his eyes half-shut, his curls spreading around his head. John had his head turned to look at him.
“Either way,” John sighed, “that future is out of reach. All you have is tonight, Sherlock. That’s all I can give you.”
Sherlock took a stride forward, and John shuffled back a step out of fear until Sherlock was looming over him anyways. Their eyes did not part. "And how, John, do you know that?”
“Not – that’s not the reason…” Sherlock tried to think. “I just don’t get a lot of time to do make friends. I do a lot of after-lesson activities, and now I’m in my own dorm room…”
John stepped back. And then forward again, overriding his omega instinct to back off. “I don’t think that’s the case.”
“When John was staying at Sholto’s. I went around. Took him a few gifts. Told Eurus about it… it was the most interested she’d looked in anything I’d said for years. She asked about him. I thought it was a family thing. She… they lived together. We lived together. I thought she might miss him.”
“Yes, you did,” John said. “Victor, if we all have to live by the mistakes we made when we were sixteen, the world would be a very grim place.” He shook the alpha’s hand. “Good luck.”
Sherlock got the message that night, when he opened his laptop to start his homework. He’d been back at the school for a couple of weeks, and had hardly had a moment to himself. When he wasn’t in lessons he was at violin practice, or etiquette coaching, or the additional science tutoring Cam had arranged for him. And at the weekends, he was taken to Cam’s house by car, and stayed there for several hours until the school chauffeur took him back again.
It was the fanciest place John had ever been in. So fancy, in fact, that when Cam requested a children’s menu for him, they didn’t have one. John chalked that one up as a victory for himself – Cam’s attempt to belittle him had only made himself look foolish.
“I’ll get your case and things,” Siger said, helping Sherlock out of the car. “You and your mother get inside, it’s freezing out here –”
He looked feral, his mouth open, fangs down, eyes watching John’s movements the way a cat watches a mouse.
Sherlock stared for a moment. Then took a handkerchief from his breast pocket, and mopped John’s tears. “I can’t say anything,” he said, sounding strangled. “I… with Victor… this is the same…”
It was a deep, languid kiss that continued as Sherlock lowered John onto the bed, still supporting his weight so John was entirely in his hands. John moaned as Sherlock worked his mouth open, tongue slipping inside with a firmness that was dominating enough to make John’s hands grip tight onto Sherlock’s sleeves. He moaned again as Sherlock tasted him, possessing John’s mouth as John wanted - needed – him to possess the rest of him. John dropped his jaw further, and Sherlock’s teeth scraped against his lower lip.
“We need to see the city….” Sherlock looked at their clasped hands. “In that vision… we were always running. We need to see… what’s going on.”
“I see,” Sherlock took his ID back, his long fingers brushing John’s hand. “Well, now you know. See you Friday, Doctor.”
Sherlock sat back in his chair. He knew he ought to thank his brother, but didn’t feel like doing it. He wanted a cigarette.
John hummed, and planted another kiss on Sherlock’s cheek. “Does that mean you’ll wear that nice purple shirt again, after?”
The thought made John croon softly, then sob again as his insides convulsed, searching for the cock, the knot, that would provide the family he suddenly wanted – and not finding it.
“I’ve been speaking to Mycroft,” Sherlock held up his phone as John came out of the bathroom, a towel around his waist.
John could have grown up to be a beautiful, cherished mate. Instead, he’d run away and become someone who looked more like a beta, and acted like an idiot.
“It’s one of the perks.” Mycroft walked over. “I owe you thanks, though, Dr Watson. For patching Sherlock up. He would never have gone to hospital.”
“The opposing legal team may make the case that Birdie needs a traditional family set-up. Are you bonded or married?”
“I mean there are worse things than being bonded to me,” Sherlock said gently. “I know it seems a long way away, but I have no intention of –”
“Are you going to be ill?” Sherlock asked as John paused, halfway up the stairs. “You’ve gone so white.”
“Mum didn’t want us to be too early. Catch?” John tossed him a present. “If you hate it, the receipt’s in your card.”
Sherlock suddenly regretted his choices. John would think he was dressing like this for Victor. Which… he sort of was… but not… really?
“Not that extreme,” John fitted it over his mouth and nose. “Before it happened, how long did your man say they’d been here?”
If John only knew what an act of submission it was to give your veins over to someone, then perhaps he wouldn't trade Sherlock in this way.
“No,” Sherlock panted. “Just  - just go slow. I can…” he winced, gripping the pillow under his head in two hands. “Ow.”
“I suppose he has always been polite. And it isn’t as though they’d be completely alone…” Violet tapped the steering wheel. “Sherlock?”
Sherlock made no move to pull him away. If John wanted to torment himself by staring at the pedestrians, he was welcome to it.
. The Work helped. Being a detective. Working alongside humans was tolerable enough. He became a fixture in the police force, handed down like an heirloom to the next detective deemed hard enough to handle him. Lestrade had ignored this tradition, and marched up to Sherlock at a crime scene and asked him to take a look at something more interesting. That had been curious enough. The fact that Lestrade – a human who knew nothing but the dominance of vampires – spoke to Sherlock like he was an annoying member of staff who sometimes delivered the goods… that had been worth sticking around for. And this was how Sherlock had repaid him. Putting him in the path of a new vampire whose sanity was threadbare.
“What happened to Molly?” Sherlock turned to the angel. “She wasn’t at Bart’s… What happened to her?”
“She’s not. Not physically,” Sherlock smiled sadly. “There are more reliable sources than Sherrinford to learn biology from. Here,” he pushed open the door to the library, and went in, John following.
“No, we don’t need to be going at it to be in love,” Sherry smiled. “I sought Alfie out at a family gathering after hearing about his… preferences, in terms of sex. That is, he hated the very idea. I had no desire to be used in that way, and I put a proposition over to him. He was agreeable, and we started courting, and it was lucky that we liked one another enough to build a relationship before my heat struck again, and we bonded. Siger was furious, of course.”
, Sherlock,” John rocked his hips, gently fucking Sherlock’s mouth, in no danger of choking him but the thought alone was doing both of them in. Sherlock held tight to John’s thighs, feeling the muscles move under his hands, trying not to gag as John’s cock rubbed over his tongue, pushed between his lips, the taste of pre-come already dripping down his throat.
John’s stomach tightened. He could feel the baby flipping about, high on adrenaline. “Please don’t,” he tried again as they tried to shove him against a wall. He raised his hands to catch himself, skinning his palms open on the brick. “I’ve got – I’ve got a boyfriend at home,” he lied, desperately, “he’ll be waiting for me, please, fuck, don’t –” he sobbed as hands reached around for his belt buckle.
“I knew it,” John smiled, and putting his hand at the back of his mate’s head, closed the space between them for a kiss.
“Yes,” Sherlock nodded, quickening his hand, moving hard and fast as John thrust into his hand, and then came with a moan muffled into the pillow. Come spurted from John’s cock, running down Sherlock’s hand, making him gasp in surprise and delight.
“Ok,” Sherlock licked his lower lip. “But what if you had to choose between the machine and – her,” he pointed at the screen at the leading lady, all lipstick and curls.
"Yeah, it is," John said. "They like the medical staff to use it, in case we have to leap into action."
John showed the woman out, and then came back, sitting on his side of the bed as Sherlock rested their daughter on his outstretched legs. Her little arms went up beside her head, as though she had been flattened. It was funny.
At the scent of her mother, Birdie began immediately to rootle around, searching for milk in the familiar calming scent, her mouth pressing over John’s skin in vain.
Sherlock went red. “John, I’m sorry, you’re right, this is… your decision.” He smiled. “Sorry, I shouldn’t try and tell you what to do.”
“You’re very young, John,” Sherrinford added. “He probably wants you to finish school. Sherlock never had time for the uneducated. Why would he want a mate without GCSEs?”
“You’re so tight,” John breathed against Sherlock’s erection. “You’re going to feel so good on my cock. So tight, so wet… I’m going to stretch you so full you won’t be able to
“I know. Like I said before, the line is drawn,” Sherlock lifted both of their bags, and John’s inner omega trilled at the display of strength. “We don’t have to look back, now. Only forward. What’s done is done.”
“You don’t need to thank me, you idiot,” John smiled. “I’m not doing anything aside from being a glorified incubator.”
Sherlock looked like he’d like to say more, but picked up his backpack. “Do take care, though. Listen to Mycroft, if you can stand it.”
Sherlock’s ideas of morality were very different, as was his appearance. His hair was as dark as it ever was, his skin pale enough to look otherworldly, not just anaemic. His red eyes gleamed with interest. It was obvious that, despite all of his complaints and threats, he couldn't stay away once Lestrade waved the scent of a puzzle under his nose.
Sherlock sniffed in confirmation, and John realised what an idiot he’d been, not asking more about Sherlock’s bullies, and what they said and did to him. They looked down on him because he was an omega. And yet he was, by all accounts, the cleverest boy in the school. And handsome and funny and interesting, and… John gripped the arms of his chair in a sudden wave of possession.
“I’ve had sex with omegas,” John said honestly, “in and out of their heats. But it’s always been consensual. Ok? I’m not the kind of alpha who barges in and stakes a claim. I’ve never bitten anyone. Never gotten anyone pregnant. I’m…” John sighed, and smiled. “I’m not trying to convince you to do anything. I’m just letting you know that, if you decide you want me for more than a kiss, I won’t make you do
John cleared his throat. “When. Erm. When I was… bitten.” He swallowed and moved his mouth awkwardly, and Sherlock knew John’s fangs had dropped again. At the word ‘bitten’. He wanted to
John pinched the bridge of his nose. “I should have decked him one. Suspension be damned. I should have ripped his fucking head off.”
“Better. Thanks.” John swished his mouth again, and got up, legs wobbling. James knocked the seat down, and John perched on it, pulling the towel around himself, suddenly aware he was only wearing boxer shorts.
John dropped his hand, balling it into a fist at the memories. His heart thundering at the stress the old mental images had forced onto him. They’d slammed into his head with no warning. Possibly the openness of therapy less than an hour ago was part of the problem. Maybe it was the fact James was here. Maybe it was the fact James wasn’t John’s alpha, and John’s womb was currently occupied.
The thought was quickly erased as John wrapped two hands around Sherlock’s cock, and began to slowly work him, holding firmly and then loosely, changing his grip and his touch and his rhythm so much that Sherlock couldn’t get control. He really was about to be tormented to orgasm. Pleasure was building inside him, John’s ever-changing fast-then-slow motions meaning Sherlock didn’t know whether to hold off or even how to.
Sherlock kept a straight face. "Did you think I was asleep?" He asked, opening his eyes in time to watch John jump. That did make him smile.
“We’ve only just met, and you’re asking me to go and look at a dead body with you? Don’t you usually save that sort of thing for a third date?” John teased. The part of him he thought of as his inner omega squirmed in delight at the chance to flirt.
“I know,” Sherlock forked up a twirl of spaghetti. “John… I am grateful to you. For looking after me…” he hesitated.
at his window, and John nearly fell out of bed in shock. He twisted around in the duvet, and went over to the window, peeping through the curtains.
“Sherlock!” John grabbed Sherlock by the dressing gown and pulled him down, giggling, wrestling him into the covers. “You’re impossible.”
“It’s ok, Oliver,” Sherlock forced a smile at the beta boy. “I was just looking for somewhere quiet to make a call.”
"I won’t. If you tell me no, I won't do it,” he amended. "It takes trust, and… you don't even like me." He released John's jaw, his hands instead feeling up John's firm torso, his fingertips raising red marks where they pressed into the skin. "It can enhance the experience, if you're open to it, but panic can cause fainting."
John’s face managed to look understanding, without pitying. It was a feat Sherlock had seen few doctors manage. “I’ll bear that in mind, should the discussion arise with the team.”
‘Wow,’ Sherlock said, his heart sinking like a stone. So, Cam had made good on his promise to help John. That didn’t feel nearly as joyful as it should. ‘Wow, that’s… amazing. It really is. Congratulations!’ he forced his features into a smile, and squeezed John’s arm with his free hand. The arm was harder than he remembered, and he felt a shiver run over his skin.
“How the fuck are you still single?” John muttered, thumbing over the thin, sensitive strap of skin at Sherlock’s glans.
“You don’t have to have sex just because you kiss someone,” John said. “You don’t have to go all the way because you’ve given someone
“Mm,” John mumbled to the soldier beside him. “Can I ask… do you know much about the Royal Medical Corps?”
“You’re not offending me,” Sherlock pointed out. “But don’t say that to John. He’s very self-conscious at the moment. An alpha taxi driver refused to pick him up, yesterday, when he got a smell of him.”
The sun wasn’t quite beating down, but it was unseasonably warm for April, with no breeze whatsoever to ruffle the baby leaves sprutting on the boughs.
“Need to…” Sherlock’s eyes were unfocussed – he was giving into his primal omega side to for his own mental protection. He groaned, and then, his back tensed, and John realised he was pushing.
“God, no – I –” James stood up. “John, I wasn’t trying to frighten you off, jesus. I was just teasing at you. I… I’d never put you out on the streets, you know that, right?” he stood right in front of John, concern radiating off him, making John shy beyond reason, his skin tingle, and a strange sort of wariness creep up the back of his neck. James wasn’t his alpha. He was
Then, the pain came back, with barbs this time, tearing through his abdomen like heat-pains, making his knees go weak. If he’d been standing up, he would have fallen over.
“Here.” John turned back to his bag and brought out a book he had with him. It was a simple guide to water-life around the rock-pools and the shallows, and had a few engravings included as illustrations. He opened the book at random and held it out to Sherlock, who took it and gawped, mouth open like a child. “It’s a book,” John said.
“I’d better. I’ve got all sorts at James’. Clothes and work stuff, and baby things… We’ll have to do two trips.”
Lestrade stood. “Come on, then.” He started walking, and Sherlock followed him. “So, you were living with a friend? Not your parents?”
“I look like I’m smuggling a beach ball,” Sherlock said miserably. “She’s kicking me in the ribs again, too.”
“Morning…” John poured, and set the jug back down. He picked up his spoon, and twirled it, worrying. “Mycroft… are there any… any picture of Sherlock, before… before he…”
“We can talk about it,” Sherlock said, his voice sounding strange. “But first, we need to get you transferred out of my father’s guardianship. Technically, you still live with him.”
Sherlock flipped his paper over. Algebra. Formula conversions. Easy. Sherlock pulled his scrap paper closer, and started to work through the problems. He’d never done algebra until he came to this school, but it was like codebreaking – easy, once you knew the key.
“Just dawned on you, has it, Watson? An alpha needs an omega who can read and write, and do the maths to run the home. Not one with letters after his or her name. You think you’re here for a free ride? That’s Sherlock’s job in the arrangement.” He laughed again, and turned to his mate, who leaned in close to scent him.
Sherlock’s arms were around him, holding him tight as milk began to leak from John’s chest, soaking through his gown.
John could have sworn that the ghost of a smile crossed Mycroft Holmes’ lips. The man nodded. “I’ll see you a week today, Doctor Watson.”
John was typing quietly, looking up over the screen every now and then at the sad-looking omega. He tolerated the uncomfortable mood for around half an hour, before asking.
Sherlock let out a noise, somewhere between a laugh and a sob. He took the ring – the plain, platinum band – out of the box, and stuck it straight onto his left hand. “Yes, of course, you idiot.”
“So, you looked at my internet history. Well, the joke’s on you, because there’s nothing even slightly incriminating on there.” John swallowed.
Sherlock stared, confused. ‘But… you’re married. You like omegas as people. You tried to help me. Why is Joseph any different?’
“My parents owned a few properties, so they’re mine, now,” James did that thing rich people do where they avoid eye contact as if that’s going to make them less rich. “I’m staying in a flat in Kensington.”
John groaned, and covered his eyes. As if he didn’t have enough to worry about. Now he just felt sicker.
Melody hummed. “John, at any point, did anyone ever tell you about sex that isn’t for procreation? About making love, or sexual pleasure?”
“I think we need to speak to Dr Blume,” his mother went on. “I think your dosage is too high. You’ve been all over the place, lately, locking yourself in your room, coming out unwashed and twitching –”
“Everyone either envies you, or covets you,” Cam said, in a voice that brooked no argument. “If your parents haven’t told you as such, they are failing you.”
A smart 4x4 followed it, pulling onto the drive. One of the back doors opened, and a girl got out, pulling a face at her new home.
The creature looked down at them both, and then back to John's face, before speaking again. It didn't sound cross, at least. Was it asking another question? What was going
Sherlock went for the door. “I wrote my number in your diary. If you need me… like this, again… Perhaps… if we keep our distance, our bond will break, as my parents’ did.”
“You have no idea,” Sherlock said darkly, “no idea what you tearing our bond to its limits did to me.”
“It means,” Lestrade seemed to realise he was talking to a not-quite thirteen-year-old, “do you want to take him to court? So he can be tried and punished?”
Sherlock smirked, and shrugged the jacket off, hanging it back up on the hanger before going over to where John sat on his bed. “It’s a shame we have to wear uniform when we go back.”
‘I need you to look,’ he said, turning around. ‘I need you to get down and look. I’m sorry, Sherlock, I know you’ll never look at me the same way after this, but I need to know what’s going on down there.’
Sherlock didn’t shout at him. He actually smiled. “Maybe.” He picked a riding crop off the wall, and John suddenly tensed.
“Once,” Sherlock admitted. “They came over to drop off some of his things. I can see why he took up drugs, to be quite honest.”
John blinked – it was unusual, but not unheard of, particularly when the family was entirely alphas and omegas. He had had two female grandmothers, but he couldn’t remember their names. It was somewhat saddening to think he had no one he could ask. As Sherlock and Mycroft chatted names over him, he realised he’d never asked what happened to his parents’ home, their possessions, all their paper-work… he’d only been ten, when they died, but surely someone still had them, somewhere.
“I am,” John said. “But Sherlock… you realise that things can’t be exactly the same? The last time I saw you…” he winced, “the last time I saw you, you walked into my den, smelling of some other alpha – smelling of sex with an alpha who wasn’t me. I never realised… I never acknowledged, I mean… what you meant to me until that moment. I wanted only to keep you safe and happy, because I care for you. And for you to choose someone else over me… Deep inside, it help like betrayal. Like you didn’t care for what I’d done for you.”
Sherlock pretended not to notice. “You’re not cooking are you, Mycroft?” he turned to ask his brother. “I’ve been living on ramen all week.”
Sherlock and John did not argue. They left the building and got into the nearest cab and went straight back to Baker St. Birdie wasn’t there, she was spending some quality time with her Uncle Mycroft, and as a result, Sherlock and John were half-naked by the time they got into the lounge. It was panicked undressing, fingers skidding over buttons and seams threatening to tear as they exposed one another’s skin. Kissed scraped and fingers gripped as they fell onto the sofa and rutted together like teenagers before slowing down and letting the tension inside them both give way to exhaustion and relief.
Finding that fine line between clingy and comforting was not John’s strong point. Having lived alone for so long, and now being so in love, it was difficult to know how much to leave Sherlock alone. The young omega’s mood-swings were still going, and sometimes he’d come to John for a cuddle, only to push him away and sulk in his room for hours. Sometimes he’d sit working quietly at the table, and then act offended that John hadn’t come over to kiss him. On the flipside, John welcomed every touch Sherlock chose to give him with open arms. But Sherlock was his own person, and if he wasn’t naturally a hugger, then John couldn’t force him to be.
“Do forgive me,” he smiled, “I was reading, and listening to music. Franklin told me you’d arrived. Mulled wine? Sherlock – fruit juice?” Cam nodded at a waiting maid, who bobbed a curtsey, and vanished into the kitchens. “Go through, go through, the fire is lit in the drawing room, so do be careful… and there’s something for you, Sherlock, on the table…”
John was aware of the change in attitude, even if Sherlock didn’t realise he was doing it. It was subtle, but it was there. Sherlock’s eyes would flick over to watch if John was lifting something heavy, or if he chose to eat something out of the ordinary (Marmite on carrot sticks was a current craving of John’s).
‘Well, it’s not every day we get you home, is it?’ his mother beamed. Her smile fell slightly. ‘You’re thinking about Switzerland, aren’t you?’
John gave a small smile. “I’m going back to the flat. I need to tell him where I’m staying. In person.”
Sherlock clicked his tongue on the roof of his mouth. “So… is there anything I should… know? About…” he looked at John’s stomach.
“If I should?” John blinked. “Should?” His heart sank like a stone through water. Sherlock was saying John didn’t deserve him. John wasn’t good enough.
Sherlock had made a point of being slightly less bristly towards her, since Christmas. Molly had responded by flirting outrageously, and Sherlock had attempted to tolerate it as best he could. It wasn’t easy.
“D-do you need me to stay with you?” Victor looked at John again, as if he was a threat. And John could hardly blame him. John was clearly fresh out of the army, with a crew cut, muscles, and a camo jacket.
Well, John had a mint tea, which he mostly ignored in favour of looking at the small print-outs of the ultrasound photos.
John’s stomach contracted around the rich food, and he had to look away, at the floor, to stay grounded.
The alpha in his grasp twisted free, and bared his teeth. “What is he to you, old man? Not your son, that’s for sure. Your servant? Your rent boy?”
Victor blew out a breath, shifting on the sofa they were sprawled on, his parents out of town as they almost always were. “Sherlock…”
“Excuse me,” he said again, as he got to a group of plain-clothes officers. “I’m looking for Detective Donovan?”
“It’s ok,” John held onto Sherlock’s hips, guiding him into an easy movement that felt wonderful for both of them, Sherlock rolling his hips as well as moving up and down, looking down delightedly at John, as if he was pleased he could coax such noises from his alpha. “Oh, god.”
"I'll call for a nurse. Your dressings need to be changed," Sherlock said, reaching for the call button.
John picked his fork up again, and sipped at his sugary tea. He didn’t want complaints about his blood.
"You have to admit though," someone else chimed in, "he is a bit feminine. Like... He's obviously gay, but there's gay and there's that. He's like... Really girly."
It wasn’t that, at all. John loved Sherlock the man, not Sherlock the alpha. John loved the Sherlock who had bought him Easter eggs. The man who had taken him to the museums, and done his homework with him, and cuddled him on the sofa as they half-watched films together. The one who had waited months and years for John to be ready for him.
John’s mouth twitched. “Yes, well. Greg, thanks for having me, you can ask for me direct on the FRU, next time.”
John put his own cup down, and carefully stood out of his chair. He went over, and hesitated in front of Sherlock, before throwing caution to the wind and setting himself on Sherlock’s lap, one leg either side.
“May I take this?” he asked. “I want to show my brother. This is the most wonderful thing I have ever seen.” He held the book out over the water to make his meaning clear.
All John wanted to do was eat, be with Sherlock, and nest. It was what he craved, more than foodstuffs. He felt dehydrated with being away from Sherlock for even a few days, though they had text every day, and even sent picture messages late last night, when Sherlock asked John what he was up to, and he threw caution to the wind and sent Sherlock a photo of himself in the bath, the bubbles preserving his modesty.
Later, much later, John would curse himself for not leaning up, cupping Sherlock’s face and kissing him. He didn’t even know he wanted to, not really. He wanted to be with his best friend. He loved him, I the boyish way that childhood friends love one another. But Sherlock was right – they were changing. And so was John’s love for Sherlock. It was deepening, and sharpening, carving itself onto John’s heart. Indelible.
It was a few weeks since they had been so intimate – a combination of John’s night shifts and Sherlock’s exams has meant they were too tired to do much more than cuddle and occasionally stroke one another’s bodies to climax. So, when John undid Sherlock’s zip and started to ease his trousers down his thighs, the omega shuddered in want, biting his lip as his cock sprang free.
The boy’s pale blue eyes softened, just a touch. “You get good grades, I’m sure you won’t have to worry.” He looked back at his planner.
‘Yes, he did. How could you? I thought…’ Sherlock had to look away to control himself. ‘I thought you were better than that.’
. Not stare into space as though the air was full of white noise, and he wasn’t a father, and it was just some news not worth listening to. He hadn’t spoken. Why hadn’t he said
A man walked around the nurse, and stood in the doorway. He gave a cautious sort of smile. His hair was shorter, and he looked tired, but…
“So, that’s it, then, is it?” Sherlock said, getting to his feet. “I prevented this. But isn’t… doesn’t that mean that my work is… done?”
Sherlock’s lips grazed John’s hand as he spoke. “Will you stay with me?” Warm breath on the alpha’s skin.
“Yep,” John licked his lips nervously. He’d come for his medical on his own, though Sherlock knew it was happening. The alpha had declined to accompany him, choosing to flounce out of the flat, instead, in a whirlwind of alpha scent and annoyance.
“That was an experience,” Sherlock said, when they were finally dismissed. He was carrying a bag full of the leaflets and equipment and toys John had been given on the way out.
There was a silence. Both men watched Birdie kicking her legs as she played, and John tried not to let the rising panic he was feeling get a grip on him. He wanted to badly to scream, or cry, but the part of his mind that had taken orders and gone into war-zones for seventeen years knew how to stamp those feelings down. He had a mission, and he would do his best to see it through. There was no way he could allow
“Oh, fucking hell,” John stood in front of the mirror, eyes boggling at himself. “Shit.” His staples were taken out, and the effect was… shocking.
Sherlock swallowed, feeling his Adam’s apple bump against John’s fingers. ‘I had a case. But I’m back now.’
John’s growl crescendo-ed into a snap that ended with a fierce alpha kiss to Sherlock’s jaw. “Uh… sorry.”
Sherlock swallowed. He was due another heat in the summer. He wasn’t looking forward to it. The pain of the first one was fresh in his mind. He didn’t feel sexy in heat. He just felt agonised. He didn’t feel like touching or kissing, just like wedging a hot-water bottle down his pants.
He flipped through them, tempted to open them but knowing it would be painful. He put them aside, and took out his laptop, instead, checking his emails. There were two from his commanding officer, asking him to RSVP to a medal ceremony, and one from James Sholto.
“God, I’m sorry,” John managed to blurt out, Sherlock’s lips chasing him even as he spoke. “I don’t know why –”
Sherlock gave a soft little cry as John kissed his nipple, and his hips twitched, making John pause in realisation of what he was doing.
Sherlock just looked out of the window. His face suddenly felt very hot, though he knew his mother would be cross if he pressed it against the glass.
Thank you for all the support with this fic! It means a lot to me to see so many lovely comments, kudos and subscriptions!
“They have to, there’s not enough omegas to go around.” Sherlock put his hands behind his head. “I don’t really think about it, much. It’s not as though I need to think about it until I’m an adult, is it?”
“Not really,” John said. “If you’re unhappy enough to run away, I like to think you’d tell me so I can take you somewhere safe. And besides… I don’t want you to be unhappy. Ok? I’m going to look after you.”
He looked back at the table. “I don’t know. I…” he took a deep breath, which shook slightly. “I think it… I only feel safe at Mycroft’s. I want to stay there.”
“I like it,” Sherlock giggled, his freckles showing up over his blush. “I wouldn’t mind that as an end result.”
“He isn’t asking you out to talk about work, you imbecile,” Sherlock stood. “Honestly, have the hormones finally reached your brain? Lestrade is asking you out with romantic and sexual intentions, do you understand?”
The relationship between creator and created was not exactly like that of a parent and child, but there was a keen dependency on the part of the turned. They wanted to be with the one who turned them, as close as possible. The exact nature of the desired relationship varied from pair to pair, but it was the closeness that mattered.
John made an ‘uh-hm’ noise in his throat as Sherlock nestled against his chest. He kept his hands firmly on his thighs, for a moment, watching Sherlock play, taking in the way his hair curled at the back of his neck, the slight bumps of his spine, his skinny arms and shoulders that pressed against John, seeking contact.
“Oh, definitely,” John half-laughed. His back touched the wall. From where they were, no one could see them. And they’d hear someone coming before they were ever spotted. It was an ideal hiding place – perhaps the only real secret spot in the villa.
“We have to take into account your welfare as an omega,” the solicitor shrugged. “Surely you don’t think a university campus is a safe place for an unbonded young man like yourself?”
“So it is…” John almost went for another hug, but reined himself in. “You take care, Sherlock. You can email me any time.”
“Let you… be here,” John didn’t try to push Sherlock’s arms away, but moved inside the embrace. “It’s not what either of us want.”
“Sorry,” Ryan said. “I have a fiancé, but he’s younger than me. Mum wants me to go on scent blockers. But… you know. I like a few guys at school, and… I don’t know. Seems like Quinn got the happy ending, even if he is fifteen.”
“I didn’t realise I wanted that,” John said, blushing, “until you chose Victor outside of a heat. I think… if you’d been in heat, and desperate… I could have dealt better with that. But it wasn’t your inner omega who chose Victor. It was you – Sherlock Holmes.”
John kissed back, hardly daring to believe what was happening. Sherlock’s skinny legs were either side of his own, his long, spidery, fingers on his face, and
Sherlock gave John’s arms a small squeeze, then went to get his bags out of the car boot. John rang the doorbell, feeling rather sick.
“It’s not stupid,” Sherlock tore his hands away, and wiped his face again. “It’s…” he took a shuddering breath. “You already have to put up with me not having a… And now you’ve seen what I used to…” his voice dissolved, and he started mouthing wordlessly.
“No, Mrs Trevor will have a general anaesthetic, and we will come to tell you as soon as we know how the baby is.”
“I will,” Sherlock looked back at the bag of gifts. He could barely lift it. His father came over to help him with it. Sherlock let him take it, and stood for a moment, awkward, as he hadn’t been excused.
“Yes, but knowing my parents, it will be the first of many,” Sherlock carried on typing on his laptop. “Be thankful it is the first, and the good champagne will still be flowing.”
“I have to,” John went to kiss his neck, and Sherlock’s head fell back. “You make me feel like it’s ok.”
“Stop!” John hid his face. He tried to calm himself, counting to forty heartbeats before Sherlock spoke again.
“Ouch…” he looked down at where his fingers brushed his cuts, unhealed and sore, from being kept tight and bound all day.
Mr Thorne looked as shocked as if Sherlock had slapped him. ‘Sherlock… I didn’t hurt him. I’m not proud of – of cheating, but I certainly didn’t abuse Joseph in any way.’
“Sherlock, go and choose what you want to keep,” John sighed, pulling the scarf down. “I’m not going to ask you to burn everything or erase years of your life. Go and choose what’s special.”
John knew how to keep his face impassive, and not surprised. He and his parents had been told there was a possibility of one of two options for John to end up engaged to. It looked like it had already been decided.
Sherlock screwed up his face against the sight and gasps of the people crouching around the Bunsen burner, heating up spoons, and falling back hard as the oblivion hit their veins.
John slammed his laptop lid down. Then regretted it, telling himself that giving in to alpha instinct was both immature, and pointless.
Sherlock dashed into the bathroom, and John heard him curse the waste of water in the unused bath. It had been a nice thought, but (and John gripped the bedclothes tight as his body pushed without permission) it was too late for that, now.
John waited until they’d checked in (enduring the inevitable comment about their relationship status), and dragged their things to their room, where… okay, there was one enormous bed and one sofa, which of course was sufficient for the two of them, since Sherlock preferred thinking on the sofa to sleeping while he was on cases anyway. But John supposed he could see where the comments might have been coming from… not that it was anyone’s business, regardless.
Sherlock was analyzing a soil sample to determine its geographic origin when he heard a creak on the stairs above him.
"Just you and me, isn't that how it's supposed to be, Sherlock?" Moriarty  purred, the red dot never wavering from Sherlock's forehead. "It always comes back to you and me."
“Finally!” Sherlock cried, and leapt to his feet.  He was out of the restaurant and pacing on the pavement before John could even get money out of his wallet to settle the bill.
“His son, the patient for whom he was picking up medications,” Sherlock said.  “Jason Hollister, medical student at Cambridge; only 23 years old and losing an ugly battle to cancer.  I didn’t even need to see the local news story to learn that much; the fundraiser photos were all over Facebook.”
(Sherlock took this opportunity to unceremoniously fling Overton’s coat away from himself, in the general direction of furniture but clearly nowhere in the vicinity of the coat hook.)
you it was a bad idea,” John said.  “But if I’m trapped in this cell with you for the next sixteen hours, I’m certainly not going to spend it fighting over something we can’t change at this point anyway.”
when it always, inevitably, ended in tears?  If John didn’t find another Mary, he’d surely reach the limit of what he could tolerate from Sherlock eventually and leave anyway. This is what indulging in “happy” got him.  Better to be out here in the icy darkness, with the wind whipping around him and numbing him. Better to be alone.
“Ouch.  Well look, you berk, I don’t know what you did to deserve it, but I’m sorry the evening went the way it did and I was hoping you’d come inside and see this last thing before you go back to brooding out here where you can catch a byronic illness and expire.”
He felt a hand squeeze his hand.  Long, thin fingers.  Gripping almost so hard it would bruise.  Sherlock was here, he was safe.  John relaxed.
Then they paused for a moment to catch their breath, and made eye contact.  Sherlock could swear he saw the almost-manic hilarity in John’s eyes relax into a… a sort of a fondness, he thought.  But as soon as even a trace of the beginning of this thought crossed Sherlock’s mind, one of those buzzing jolts ran through him, and he turned away from John both physically and mentally.
Sherlock grinned, then said “We’re stopping home for a few things, then we’re off to Cambridge.”  John raised an eyebrow, and Sherlock continued, “You don’t have a shift at the surgery until Tuesday, and unless I’m quite mistaken, just this morning you were hoping for the distraction of a case to… keep me busy,” Sherlock enunciated the last bit to show his disdain.  “So, I’ve already booked us train tickets.”  He held his phone up to John’s face, displaying a confirmation page, then dimmed the screen and stowed it in his pocket in one fluid motion.
John bolted awake with the metallic-electric taste of fear in his mouth and his pulse rushing past his eardrums.  It wasn’t the usual hot sand and searing pain of Afghanistan that woke him, though.  It was Sherlock’s blood streaming past his ice-blue eyes and pooling on the pavement.  But now the quiet darkness of John’s room enveloped him, and he consciously tried to calm his gasping breath and thundering heartbeat.
Sherlock glanced down to see a red label shouting “PRESS ME!!!”  He did so, and the noses of all the reindeer lit up.  “John, no,” he said, turning horrified eyes on his friend.
Sherlock was still striding off ahead of John, expecting him to keep up.  “Just two more locations, John, and then we can —”
A moment later John entered the sitting room through the far door and sat down without saying a word to Sherlock, then attempted to pretend to read.
been through?” he said sarcastically, but John could hear the slight unsteadiness in his tone behind the defense.
It definitely wasn’t the first time they’d ended up on the wrong side of a jail cell, and it probably wouldn’t be the last.  This time they’d been caught breaking and entering without a warrant, and the police who’d arrested them weren’t impressed by Sherlock’s “consulting detective” credentials.  And when Lestrade came by to see them in his capacity as their Mycroft-appointed babysitter, he had no sympathy for them either.
Suddenly, John's eyes snapped open as though something had startled him.  He turned to find Sherlock still lying next to him, regarding him with a fond, slightly bemused expression.
Moriarty paused, then shrugged and turned back. "Oh, what the hell. Yes, John?" he responded politely. "Last words, I presume?"
John looked up from this email to see Sherlock at the kitchen table, holding what appeared to be a swatch of John’s favorite jumper over the flame of a lit bunsen burner.  John rolled his eyes vigorously and began to type--
Sherlock looked down at their entwined hands and blinked a few times, then looked up at John.  “I — are you sure?  Because I don’t see where you’ve gotten anything out of it but pain…”
Visiting Sherlock’s folks for Christmas was kind of tradition at this point.  In addition to being an excellent time, it gave John an excuse not to go to Harry’s (although he always felt a pang of guilt when he thought this).  And John’s presence at least
"It’s an ugly Christmas jumper, you daft git; exactly what you asked for," John said, not looking up from his laptop.
Once again, John had stewed until he boiled over and was taking it out on Sherlock.  “I just c-can’t believe — “
"Sherlock, that’s… heehee, wait, let me get mine."  John reached over and fished the second jumper out of the bag.  He put it on without removing any of the tags, then pressed the button on his own sleeve.  As promised, the snowmen’s eyes lit up menacingly.  "It’s like something out of Doctor Who," John said, giggling.
He fervently hoped John hadn’t noticed anything strange about his behavior since last night (or at least, not more so than usual; he was glad his frequent habit of becoming terse and uncommunicative covered a variety of sins).  He still wasn’t entirely sure what was causing the distracting symptoms yet, let alone was he prepared to explain why he was staring again to a possibly irritated John.
"Really," Sherlock said disbelievingly.  "I'm not just imagining this, you really came and got me this time?"  He put his hand over John's, hesitantly at first, then twining their fingers together.
John correctly took this to mean that Sherlock had concluded Dr. Armstrong already knew about Jeff’s disappearance, and was covering it up. Her unwavering hostility only confirmed this for John.
I suppose it might have made some difference if Gibson had just been honest with her from the beginning, but she was bound to go off the deep end eventually whether he’d stayed with her or not.  I don’t blame him for seeing a chance at real happiness and trying to take it… and I don’t think that’s what led to their deaths, either.  I think it was all the years of him
The next time John woke it had just gone daylight, and Sherlock was deep asleep in the bed next to him.  He looked younger, softer somehow.  John thought about all the traumas and sorrows that lined Sherlock's face when awake, and was overcome with a fierce, constricting affection.  He lay awake with it for a good hour, watching the sun climb the wall.  But eventually he must have gone under again.
“Hey, that’s required ‘professional development.’ I don’t want to listen to them either, but it’s an easy way to get a few CME credits,” John complained. “If you’d let me go to more conferences I wouldn’t have to resort to webinars.”
"I know you hate how you think it slows you down," John said, sidestepping the taunt, "but a few minutes of maintenance now is going to greatly improve your transport’s performance down the road, and you know it."
“Jooooooohn!” Sherlock whined, then launched to his feet again and began pacing.  “You’re not listening.  I need a case!”
Those were the reasons John let himself consider in so many words, anyway.  He tried not to acknowledge the separation anxiety that had simmered in his gut last year, when he still wasn’t sure if Sherlock would be inviting him along again.  (And when John had finally worked up the nerve to say, carefully offhandedly, “Tell them I say hi,” and Sherlock had replied with an eye-roll, “Don’t be obtuse, John.  Of course you’re coming,” John was a little embarrassed about how relieved he’d been.)
"Jesus, you did this?  Thank you, Sherlock," John said, shoving the food in his mouth and washing it down as fast as he could.
"So, what do you want to do now?" John asked, as he unsteadily corkscrewed the bottle open and topped off Sherlock’s glass.
“I don’t know about ‘we,’ but I’m glad I’m being included again,” John said.  “What happened then, you just let her drive off?”
“John, I know may not always find it worth my time to uphold social conventions, but you do realize I’m not actually an unhinged lunatic?  Of course I let her drive off.  I didn’t want her involving the police, for one thing.”
"You should probably go to work; you're late already," Sherlock said, looking back at his microscope, and John didn't know whether to feel relieved or rejected.  But then Sherlock took a deep breath and went on, in a low voice like a purr, "But when you get home, don't expect to waste a lot of time
Sherlock opened the bag and found what looked like a crystal dish, wrapped in paper.  He raised an eyebrow at John, who giggled and said, “Ashtray.  Nicked it from the Gala last night,” and handed him a glass of wine.
They’d been sneaking around a derelict warehouse by the river one night, investigating a gang that moved stolen property.  Unfortunately, Sherlock hadn’t anticipated that several members of the gang would
Sherlock’s focus drew back from the middle distance and locked onto John. Eyes wide, he said, “John, I --”
However, hiding in the darkness only made him feel colder and more alone, and gave him ample opportunity to imagine all of the horrific dangers that might have befallen Sherlock.  He was starting to revisit the white-hot anxiety he felt when he saw Sherlock with the murderous cabbie, and the blind panic of the lab at Baskerville, and he knew the gut-wrenching pain of Sherlock’s fall was right around the corner.  To keep himself steady, John focused on how all of those traumas turned out to be manufactured, empty, pointless; and how all of them were inflicted upon him by Sherlock, for reasons Sherlock never felt it necessary to share with him until after the fact.  At least the heat of John’s anger kept the sharp, cold fear from clawing at his throat and constricting his breath.
“I hadn’t anticipated being gone so long,” Sherlock replied, still not quite apologizing, “and I hate that so little came of it.  But I do think your day was a bit more fruitful than mine… if Roberts came home separately and hours apart from Armstrong, it’s not likely she’s involved.  Still a possibility, but I won’t concentrate my efforts on her until more evidence points in her direction.”
"No, it’s… fine," Sherlock said, still hovering in the doorway.  "I was analyzing earlobes in various states of decomposition when you called out for me, so —"
John aggressively clicked the red X on that window, then opened his email, hoping for at least a 7 with which to distract Sherlock.  But the only new message was from one of his former rugby teammates from his old Blackheath days, Cyril Overton.
“I suppose after the trip through Winter Wonderland and the visit to the museum on the same day, it is a bit much to expect you to keep having fun,” John said.  Then after a minute, Sherlock felt a hard thwack in the middle of his back.
"Hang on," John interrupted, frowning at Sherlock in a fond way (an expression that only John’s face seemed to be able to manage).  "I was trying to compliment you; don’t spoil the moment. No, I mean with Woodley.  I don’t regret anything — "
“Oh, don’t worry,” Sherlock said, “I’m prepared to take precautions that will keep you safe if that turns out to be the case; but I thought you needed to be aware of the possibility.”
“You,” she said, in an odd, flat tone.  (Perhaps it was just lack of the hostility she’d consistently shown them in previous meetings.)  “I should have known you would -- never mind.”  She turned to the people behind her and said, “Come in.”
“Dr. Armstrong, I am incredibly sorry for what’s happened here today, and for intruding on it,” Sherlock said.  John waited for the “but,” but it never came.
It wasn't the first time the git had booked them a single, insisting he wouldn't sleep, then invaded John's bed in the middle of the night.  "He must maintain the pretense of being superhuman," John thought groggily, "good thing he can trust me to keep his secret."
"Jim," John called out from the ground, his voice remarkably normal for how much blood was pooling under him. Sherlock sank to his side and began searching for a wound, but John never took his eyes off Moriarty.
Sherlock noticed the sniper's laser had vanished, although it seemed that  Moriarty had not. For the first time since  he'd walked back into this wretched pool building again, Sherlock let himself begin to hope. "Oh, I don't know," he said, "I rather think we'd burn each other up. Too much alike. John now, yes, he's different. Easy to underestimate, I'll admit I'm guilty of it myself, but also... right behind you."
It was going on half past four, but it was already starting to get dark.  A cold, drenching rain had been falling relentlessly on London all day.  John and Sherlock had been out in it, visiting their suspect’s usual haunts and interviewing her friends and associates.  To keep himself warm and to fend off his overpowering instinct to hibernate in all this gloom, John drank an endless series of lukewarm, acidic coffees that tasted faintly of stewed cardboard.  At this point he felt hollow, used up, swept out; as cold and tired on the inside as he was on the outside.
“Yes, absolutely,” John replied, just as Sherlock called back “No need!” from the top of the stairs, then disappeared around the corner into the hall.  John wasn’t sure how Sherlock knew where Jeff Staunton’s room was, but he obviously did; so John shook his head at Overton and said, “Never mind, let’s just follow the bloody madman.”
He spent a decent amount of time contemplating the futility of sentiment, and how well the weather matched his mood. What was the point of
Dr. Armstrong sighed, and then John could see her red-rimmed eyes, and recognized her apparent calm for exhaustion and grief.  “Get out of here, Holmes,” she said with no real conviction.  “You’ll not profit off of this family’s sadness.”
Apparently Armstrong could too, because she studied Sherlock’s face, brows furrowed, for a long minute.  Finally, she nodded.  “I believe you,” she said.  “Now go.”
"It was no trouble," Sherlock said, not taking his eyes off his microscope.  "I'd already made a pot of tea for myself, and it's hardly difficult to put bread in the toaster and push the lever."
“Well, that’s the odd thing.  They both appear in the photos of several social events they both attended, but never directly interacting with one another.  They’re in the same college at Cambridge, but have never taken a class together.  According to Cambridge records they even come from the same village, and yet they appear to have never met.  And now, tragically, Jason’s illness has progressed to the point where he’s withdrawn from school for medical reasons.  The very day that Staunton disappeared, in fact.”  Sherlock paused and made The Face at John, indicating that the rest should be obvious.
“Hardly a dead end, John,” Sherlock replied. “In fact, that’s why we’re here. I chose this particular room for a reason.” He stood up and pulled back the curtain, and from the sofa John could see a tidy, quiet residential street. “Armstrong lives just over there, in the one with the blue door. I thought we could have a good, old-fashioned stake-out.” Sherlock let the curtain fall, and sat on the sofa next to John. “Well, I thought you could. Since I’m familiar with the area, I should scout around and see what she’s been up to recently. You can observe her house while I’m out, to see if anyone drops by, or reveals themselves to be inside.”
Instead of replying, John just smiled, then threw the second one he’d already prepared and dashed off behind a hedge, just as Sherlock scooped and tossed his own snowball.  They were still laughing and scuffling around the pavement when John collided with a random passer-by, who harrumphed at them. John pulled an exaggerated “Excuse me!” face at the stranger’s back, and they giggled even harder.
welcome here, as long as you want to be.  Even if Himself’s being awful.  The invitation’s not to do with him; it’s from me.”  John had flushed a bit and stammered his thanks, but she waved him off dismissively and said “Of course, my dear.  You should know by now, you’re family.”
thing had been a terrible afternoon, and Sherlock had gone to have a secret cigarette on the roof of the flats when John was having a nap. It should have just been a gift from Mycroft, but to offer to pay for The Portland… that was family behaviour. That wasn’t what someone who wasn’t family did.
“Yes,” John said quickly. “I know that once he’s had a heat he’s legal, but still…” he put his pen down. “I live with my fiancé. If it happens to me now… I’ve got nowhere else to go, man.”
“John, ignore him. You’re not a target simply for being with me, or without me.” Sherlock adjusted his cuffs. “Paranoia helps no one. Mycroft, you need to leave.”
The woman at the desk gave him directions, never taking her eyes off of him, fear very obvious in the way her heart leapt at the sight of Sherlock's ruby eyes.
“With milk.” Sherlock smiled, keeping his eyes closed. “I’ll admit I have enjoyed this side of being pregnant… you running around after me.”
“I thought she was me,” John said. “In another life. But… She’s just her. I’d never do anything like that, to anyone. I’m not like her. I thought I was, but I’m not. I thought we were the same, because of what happened to us. But… I don’t… We’re not. I could never hurt someone like that. Even if I hated them. I’m not her, after all.”
Sherlock's eyes scanned the mess of soldiers. They rested on one, who wasn’t making eye contact with anyone at all, eating his dinner in silence. He hadn't even looked up when Sherlock had sauntered into the hall. A conditioned response.
“There won’t be a precedent,” John said after putting Birdie down for the night. “If an alpha wants to claim a fallen omega’s child, he can. Birdie is his property. He made her.”
“Um…” John thought about the six weeks of being holed up in his room, doing his homework. He’d only really come out for meals, and to make a trip to the dentist by himself, though Violet had made the appointment for him. John had spent the summer reading; working his way through the library. He’d deliberately chosen to read through every medical dictionary, Sherlock’s A-Level Biology textbooks, and anything science-based he could get his hands on. It felt like a sort of petty revenge for having his future snatched away – they couldn’t steal his knowledge and memories, could they?
John swallowed again. "If we're going to do this," he said, "I don't want to be afraid. And right now, I am. I want... this, but not... that." He glanced at Sherlock's parted lips. "Not this... time."
John knew Sherlock worried Pixie would be an omega, from this reaction, but it meant nothing. All children were blank slates, seeking comfort from their parents, no matter anyone’s genders.
“I think the baby’s moving,” John said, his voice sounding very detached. “I think it likes this drink.”
He put a hand to his stomach, under his t-shirt, feeling the bare skin, wondering when he’d start showing, start feeling the baby moving.
“Must’ve felt safe,” John leaned up to kiss him softly. Then a horrid sinking feeling crept down his chest and settled in his stomach. He felt his mouth turn down against his will. “Sherlock-“
“I don’t have to do a lot of things.” Sherlock propped the door open, and leaned against it, watching the corridor. “But I do them.”
Sherlock turned the violin over in his hands, and then tucked it under his chin to try it. Someone snapped a photo, and he frowned, taking it away and putting it gently back in the box.
John looked away first. “Just… please, keep it to yourself? It’s not obvious, yet, and I like this job.”
“I know, and I loved you for it,” John sighed. “But why can’t you think like that, now? I’m not trying to get hold of you because you’re my alpha, or any alpha. Sherlock, I miss you so much it’s like grieving every time I think of you. I miss the Sherlock I left behind – the one who tried to help me. The one who let me go, go to live my dreams. What’s become of you? Who’s been whispering in your ear?”
“I don’t think you’ll be waiting too long,” Sherlock groaned. “I need to get out. I need to move around.” He sat up, wincing at his body. “John… I’m worried about it.”
“He vanished as he let go of you,” Sherlock clarified. “He let you fall to the ground after killing you.”
to be Cam’s mate,’ he snapped. ‘I don’t. But he’s in his sixties and he’ll die before someone in their twenties. That’s what it’s come down to, for me. How fast can I be a widow? How’s that for ambition?!’
"...you," Sherlock repeated. He moved away, ready to dive. Then hesitated. He reached out, and touched John on the chest, his hand over the his heart, as was custom. "Until we meet again, John," he said.
John frowned in confusion, then inhaled, trying to smell past the beta smell. It was there, just a hint.
“Just… keep your calm. As much as you can. You need to be there for him, more than ever. He’s going to need you. He might hurt you, shout at you… but he will need you there. He… is going to have to grieve.”
“Sherlock…” John cleared his throat, “even if you have an internal, there’s no way to be sure. If you’re a beta, you could still have a womb.”
Sherlock looked up at last. “Is there any reason you’re taking so much interest in my personal life, Mycroft?”
To stay meant either risking another attack like the one with the silver, or else promising to let Sherlock change him. And that was what John wanted the least.
John reached down, and took them both in hand, Sherlock’s slender, beta-average cock looking positively small against his own, which looked positively obscene. He pulled gently, letting Sherlock gasp, covering his mouth with his hands as John worked them together, heat against heat, hardness against growing hardness. John thumbed over Sherlock’s soft foreskin, pushing it down with his thumb, exposing the delicate and sensitive glans beneath, and feeling the slickness of pre-come leaking gently from the pin-prick hole at the tip.
“You don’t have to kill them,” Sherlock sighed, ignoring the two deaths he had caused that evening. “You really don’t.”
“God!” Sherlock tossed his head, apparently not know whether to stay still or not. “John, this… this is so… fuck!” He thrust up again, so John had to clamp his hands over the omega’s hips, planting him firmly still on the sofa as he sucked at his cock. The display of dominance made Sherlock almost purr, relaxing against John’s touch and letting the assault of pleasure on him continue, whining and gasping at the sensations as he was held completely still.
,’ he said uncertainly. ‘But… do you even think you don’t know how you got into a situation at all?’
“God, I wish I could hate him – that beta,” John said. “I’ve met him. He’s… nice. He’s kind, and he’s not a bad person. He works in a pharmacy, helping people. You couldn’t make it up.”
John inhaled sharply, the oxygen waking him up enough for him to register a bright room, white sheets, a nurse either side of his bed. Hospital. He tried to get his mouth to work. ‘Uhhhh…’
John forced himself to stand out of the chair, though his entire torso felt as though it was both on fire and plunged into ice water simultaneously. Sherlock watched him, face full of concern even as he was given a robe and a hairnet and a face-mask.
“Me too,” Sherlock let himself be pulled closer; going soft and pliant in John’s hands seemed like the easiest and most natural thing in the world. He eased over John’s thigh and hip until he was snuggled into the alpha’s firm chest, John’s hands running over his pyjama-clad body. Sherlock hadn’t quite had the confidence to sleep nude; though John had, and the alpha’s cock was stirring against Sherlock’s body in a way that made those pleasant shivers return, along with a sort of drawing ache inside him. “Mm…”
Sherlock scowled. "Don't be daft, John. Of course he didn't do it. Just look at him. I do, however, think he was coerced into changing the documentation of the incident."
“…why does she hate me so much?” John opened one eye. “She hates me, Sherlock. I thought she disliked me a bit, but…” he put a hand to his empty stomach.
"You should know better than that at your age. You'll just have to hold on until the bell." Robinson went back to his laptop.
“John, I have to report you as living here, ok? That’s to keep social services off your back. Mycroft is obviously capable of looking after you, and I believe the story you’ve both told me. Now, answer me this: Do you want to press charges against Siger Holmes?”
Sherlock laughed, too, and he looked so shy and amused that John seized his hand and squeezed tight. In the cool water, their feet met and touched gently, tickling.
‘Not for a couple of days at least,’ the nurse agreed. ‘You had a couple of transfusions, and surgery, you need to stay here where we can keep an eye on you.’ He glanced at John, shrewdly. ‘I know you’re a first-time mum, but you need to think of your own health as well.’
“Didn’t though.” John reached a hand out, and Sherlock took it. His hand was cold. The vampire looked well enough, only frightened and worried. John cleared his throat without thinking, then groaned in pain.
As they were indoors, Sherlock had settled for a thin t-shirt with lots of bold colours on it that was distraction enough.
"Yes - but I'm not telling him. I can't just... What if he hates me? What if he thinks I've been lying to him? I've not."
“For the first time, yes,” Sherlock winced in sympathy. “After that, never again, if you… can.” He doubted it. No one gave up fresh blood. Not forever. And they had forever, now. A small smile bloomed on his lips, and he moved over towards John. “John, I know this wasn’t… but if this has to happen…”
“But a half an hour,” John said. He slowed their skating, until they came to a stop, in the centre. He put a warm hand to Sherlock’s face. “You need to exist, Sherlock Holmes. You must.”
“I think so,” John closed the toilet lid and sat on the seat. “Do you want anything to eat or drink?”
“I don’t really want to speak to you,” John said, halfway up the stairs. He could smell alpha, now – the wrong alpha. The scent was thick, like a bin on a hot summer’s day, and it was souping at the back of John’s throat, repelling him. He’d spent the weekend wrapped in Sherlock’s arms – his mate’s arms. And this… felt so wrong he almost heaved. “I’m getting a few things and leaving. I’m moving out. I’ll be back for my other things tomorrow.”
Sherlock pinched the bridge of his nose. “John, I love you too… you can’t ask me to sit back happily and wave you off to go and be bloody well shot at!”
“Once you’ve settled in, we can add a little more character to your room,” he said, watching John open his suitcase. He frowned. “Is that your only case, John?”
“Well,” she said gently, “it isn’t as though she’ll know if you don’t, but… it might make you feel better.”
John didn’t argue. He half wanted to go back to sleep. But then when the nurse opened the door to go out, Mycroft glanced in and said: ‘John, there’s someone to see you.’
Concentrating for Sherlock turned out to be lying prone on his bunk, hands steepled beneath his chin as he stared into space, apparently thinking.
Tomorrow would be stressful - being there when a superior (hell, almost everyone's superior) was questioned.
“Calm down, darling,” her husband said. “They’re likely just coming to introduce themselves. We can call around properly once the vans have gone.” He opened the door –
But the feeling made it almost impossible to move. John was pliant against Sherlock’s mouth, his body soft as the vampire fucked him hard, though not fast. And then Sherlock, too, was moaning against him, and John felt the vampire’s cock swell and throb and pulse inside him, and he lost the ability to think at all.
“Then go to your appointments, and listen to what she says. You’re lucky enough to be able to pay for your treatment, but after your… slip-up… you need to convince her this is a decision you’re making in sound mind.”
“He should. Before someone else takes his place,” James shut the fridge door, and got his own mug out for tea. He clicked the kettle on, and turned back to John, who made sure to keep his face impassive.
Sherlock stared up at the angel – no doubt left in his mind as to John’s nature – and shook his head.
John was very glad it was dark, because he could feel himself going bright red. “So…. Tell them that!”
They were outside, Sherlock pacing, John standing with his helmet and bulletproof vest on, hand on his gun, the sun shrouded in cloud, but the heat incredible.
He left the rest of the rugby team, and walked out into the crisp January air, his breath misting in front of his mouth, making his lips burn. He pulled his scarf up.
Sherlock took his hands. “John,” he said firmly, “I don’t know what happened between you and Sholto, last night, but the fact you’ve struck him says enough. And let me say this to you:
“I don’t quite believe that,” John said. But he reached for his bag, anyway. “Let’s get this eaten, then. It’s a long ride back.”
“No, no, it’s fine,” James insisted. “It makes people curious, I’m used to it. And it’s not like we’ve never –” he stopped, his mouth clicking shut. “Anyway.”
“I’m going to move in with Sherlock,” John said. “We’ve already talked about it.” He put his food down, the urge to eat it long since disappeared. “I’m going to bed. I’ll clean that up, tomorrow.” He walked past James, to the stairs.
Sherlock raised his hands. “Calm down. I’ll call 999, and see what they say. You’re a doctor, you can… talk shop to them, if you need to. What do you need?”
If Sherlock hadn’t been biting his lip to hold back tears, John might have laughed, it did genuinely look funny. But this wasn’t the time. He got out of bed and went to hold his mate.
“Yes.” Sherlock leaned his neck to one side, and felt the vertebrae click. “It was fine. I had it under control, and it wasn’t anticipated to become a problem.”
“He’s immature, and they’re the same age. They’ve know one another for years, Mother, you can’t deny their friendship. Has the Watson boy ever put a foot wrong?”
Mycroft’s lips went thin. “I’m here to serve you with this,” he dropped a medal onto the bed, “and this,” a wallet of papers landed on top.
John smiled, trying to ignore the ache in his cock. “I guessed as much. Look, Sherlock… You know how I feel about you. I think you’re the most special, clever, amazing omega – no, person – I’ve ever met. And because I think that, I’m not going to bite you to help you get over a break-up, ok?”
John let out a soft moan, his cock at half-mast already. “I…” he swallowed, and cleared his throat, before grasping Sherlock on the shirt front, and yanking him down into a hard kiss. It broke fast, Sherlock’s eyes shining with delight. “I will fuck you,” John breathed. “Right now, if you want.”
“Ah,” Sherlock panted, forcing his way inside, up to the knot, gasping as he gripped hard at John’s hips, until he could go no further. He groaned, running a hand flat against John’s stomach, feeling the bulge of himself pressing against John’s insides. “Uh, my omega. Mine. My…”
Craig glanced away. “My sister…. Didn’t get the same chances as you. She… got too sad.” He looked up, into Sherlock’s face. “Our mum and dad cut her long hair off, and buried her in a suit and tie.”
John said something positive, but Sherlock adjusted his grip, and tried again, this time drawing a circle, or a squashed-version of one at least, another line, and another. It was fascinating, and rather enjoyable. He could image doing this for some time.
Sherlock unwound his arms from John’s legs, and looked at the fastenings of his trousers. He’d simply pulled them off, before, but that didn’t seem necessary, now. He unhooked the fastening, and pushed the buttons through the holes, making a mental note to ask John how they were made later, before lifting John off his lap completely. John cried out in surprise as his entire weight was supported by Sherlock’s arms, but it was no feat of strength for the sireno, whose strength was many times that of a human. He pulled John’s trousers off altogether, along with a tighter and shorter pair he had on beneath, before re-seating him in the lap of his many arms, John’s bare legs now wrapped around his waist.
“No,” Sherlock shook his head. “Not until Mycroft took you. There’d always been something… not right. With Siger, and omegas. Eurus, yes, but… Even with Sherrinford. Sherry bonded with Archie because Archie didn’t hit him, he told me. I thought it was a joke, he always had a strange sense of humour.”
Warnings: Sexual content, including vaginal penetration. Misgendering, self injury, and transphobic slurs. As always, be mindful of your own triggers.
“Need to speak to John Watson,” Sherlock puffed out, shoving his fingers deep inside, as more slick ran down his skin. “Now.”
John felt surprised. Lestrade didn’t strike him as the type to blush. “You’re not… married, are you, Greg?”
“Hm? Oh, yes…” Lestrade made a point of not looking at Mycroft. Sherlock resisted the urge to roll his eyes at them. “Where’ve the omegas gone?”
They stared at each other, the years they’d missed hanging between them like a thundercloud, threatening to burst. John’s eyes roamed over Sherlock’s face – that handsome, striking face of pale skin and dark hair and pale eyes that shone like blue-green opals, that clever mouth, a smart-mouth, even. John had missed it. Missed all of him.
“God, I love you,” John pulled Sherlock close, a hand on his baby bump, kissing his bond-bite, scenting his hair and neck, kissing every bit of skin he could reach. “Do you believe me, now? That I still want you?”
“In the car, and all the way to the hotel I kept thrashing, and scaring myself thinking about what I wanted from an omega. I’d never felt like that before. I haven’t since.” Sherlock looked at John. “Siger sent for an omega, one he’d chosen for my first rut.”
Sherlock zoomed in on John’s face. He was forcing that smile – it wasn’t the genuine one Sherlock remembered. He looked well, though. Maybe a bit tired. That could be from work, though.
“God, I hope so,” John drained his coffee, and the two of them started walking over to the scene, when a couple of officers ran ahead, clearly trying to stop something.
John wasn't the only one in the showers. The block was a hastily-constructed breeze-block and plastic affair, with water that was lukewarm at best, but John had had worse. He soaped up, and scrubbed himself clean quickly, ignoring the doubled heavy breathing coming from the other side of his cubicle. There was no such thing as privacy, in the army. He considered running a soap-slick hand over his own semi-erect cock, since he wasn't planning on seeing James, then decided against it. He had a sneaking suspicion Sherlock would know, if he did.
“Sherlock… I know things have been a bit… We haven’t been as there for you as we ought to have been, but… We’re worried about you.”
John blinked, realising. He was being let down gently. Refused. Sherlock didn’t want him. “I – I see. Ok.”
“John could be a doctor,” Harry sad. “He always wanted to be.” She looked at Sherlock. “You should at least let him try.”
Sherlock paused, slightly shocked by his own brain. ‘Well, no,’ he said carefully, ‘but it’s obvious? He shares a bed every night, you can tell by the posture of his shoulders. He parks centrally in the bays – he’s used to leaving space for someone else to get out. And he wears a wedding ring,’ he added.
“Yes,” Sherlock hung up, moaning into the sofa cushions as he slid his digits in and out. They weren’t long enough, weren’t thick enough… He took hold of his cock with his free hand, and worked it, quickly getting himself off with a cry, come splattering his chest.
James’ eyes followed its path, before John wiped it with his sleeve, and James looked back at his empty coffee cup.
“This is bull – ridiculous,” John stopped himself from swearing at the solicitor, who looked downright weary at having to speak to an omega. The alpha man was looking down his nose at John as though he’d rather be talking to a turnip. He had, so far, directed all his comments and questions to Sherlock and Mycroft. It had taken months to even get to this point – John had just finished his GCSEs, and was anxious to know whether applying to Sixth Form was going to be a waste of his time.
Sherlock looked away. John wouldn’t like it if he tried that. He’d said so. He wasn’t interested in Sherlock.
They didn’t touch, for a moment. Sherlock held himself up, hovering over John, their nakedness not connecting, not yet.
on his lap. Not an omega in heat, or a beta turning on the charm. Just… Sherlock. John wanted… to make love to him. But that didn’t have to mean sex. That meant what they were doing now – holding one another, inhaling the closeness of themselves, gently rocking their bodies together with no destination in sight.
John looked at Sherlock, whose jaw had gone very stiff. “But… no one would try anything whilst I was with Sherlock, right?”
“That’s right,” James said, bitterly. “I don’t even care, anymore. You can just know. I’m done protecting both of you. Sherlock, John and I fucked, the night of his graduation. And here he’s been, living with me.”
Please note, this chapter is in Sherlock's POV. It also contains a non-graphic depiction of sex between 16yos.
‘Typical,’ an omega boy – the only one in the group besides Sherlock – was leaning against the frost roof-railing. ‘You say you want to do something and they’re all
“It’s a Stradivarius,” Sherlock said. He looked at John. “The last one sold at auction for… a lot of money.”
“I’m doing Biology, Chemistry, Physics, and P.E.,” John said, wondering why the boy was retreating further into his shell. People normally gave in a little when someone was trying so hard to be social.
‘Yes,’ John didn’t see the point in lying. ‘Anyone who says it doesn’t is a liar. It felt like my head had been smashed in.’
“And I highly recommend talking to the alpha involved,” the doctor added. “You said you want to give him the option of being part of this, well, he needs to know, first.”
