"Wrong how?" he questioned, not beating around the bush this time--not filtering what to say to Steve beforehand.
“I don’t know Babydoll, I kinda like the fact that I get to keep my secret talent all to myself and my husband. Just to have his reaction and his alone…
"Would that ulterior motive be the fact that leaning over the engine would've given me a perfect angle to gaze at your beautiful body?" Steve stepped closer to the brunette. Tony took a further step forward, a little bashfulness creeping over his facade.
“Why are you really helping me, Steve? Is this some sort of dig at me? Saying that you like my smile and-“
"Oh, did I?" Tony retorted, feigning mock-forgetfulness, "Well, then. Thank God I'm here! Regardless, I fixed it." Tony proudly held up a device to Steve - some sort of bracelet, it looked like to the blonde.
He knew Steve would outright beat his father to oblivion once he said the words, but Tony couldn't hide anything from the one he loved.
'Tony's been in the kitchen for a while now... I'd better go check on him,' Natasha wiggled out of the burrow of pillows she'd formed with Wanda and slipped into the kitchen. Thankfully everyone else was (concernly) too invested in Thor and Clint's racing game to notice.
"Alright, kotynok, how's about we make some of your favorite chocolate-chip pancakes and drown them in gallons loads of ice-cream?" Natasha widened her eyes dramatically and comically rubbed her stomach. She licked the corner of her mouth in a
He gave Natasha’s hand a comforting squeeze when her foot-tapping didn’t ease up. She was drumming her nails incessantly on the arm of the couch and it was very concerning to the rest of the team to see her so unhinged.
"Well, now's the time to change that," Nat shrugged nonchalantly. She could try all she might to hide it, but Steve saw how pressed she was going to be on the matter. Although he couldn't figure out why she was so determined on it…
"Well," he sighed, trying to make his voice light and humorous, "I'm the best you've got, Stark. So, let me channel my inner Sarah Rogers and help you out!"
“Oh no, of course not, my baby doll,” Steve rubbed Tony’s arms up and down reassuringly, “Howard may have done those things, but I’ll never be mad at you just wanting your Daddy when you’re scared. ‘Cause you’re always so brave. My brave, beautiful boy.”
Now comes the intimacy that hopefully you all were dying to read!😄 I tried to make it as heated and romantic as possible, so bear with me
“I’ll get you some water, and then you and your friend over there can wait patiently until news comes,” she cocked her head towards Happy heading their way with paperwork in his arms.
"Don't break your head over it, Buddy- we're a pretty messed-up species," Tony clapped him on the shoulder heartily.
“Love of my life/ You’ve hurt me… / you’ve broken my heart / and now you leave me / Love of my life, can’t you see?/ Bring it back, bring it back / Don’t take it away from me, because /you don’t know what it means to me…”
Tony breathed in a deep gulp of air and instinctively clutched at his stomach. But Bruce didn't seem to notice- he was simultaneously trying to talk to Tony
do that to me again, you hear me?" Nat glared at him. The next thing Tony knew, she was pulling him close to her, nuzzling his head. Shocked, but ultimately not so surprised, Tony put his arms around her comfortingly.
Natasha came into the compound living room and found Steve sitting by the window, rocking Morgan slowly in the chair.
Yes, I know the first two prompts are food related, but Doughnuts are at least Tony's favorite food and I have a sweet tooth!
Cuddling up against the front of the couch by the fireplace, letting Steve wipe away the motor oil from his face, Tony felt the relaxation flow into his muscles. Steve tenderly stroked the cloth over Tony’s cheek and nose, then after, kissing the spots he cleaned.
Natasha's heart tightened. It wasn't just her alpha instincts wanting to protect Tony; she hated seeing her friend so distraught like this!
Steve had had it mounted on a stand and worked with Bruce in the lab (more so, just actually dropped it off and ran out of there as soon as possible, before he set Bruce's hair alight again!)
An alpha’s/ beta's knot wasn’t just something that you experienced with sex any day of the week. It symbolized much more.
She touched her forehead gently to Clint and Bruce once she got to her room, thankful for them setting it up so perfectly.
me. But, I'm afraid that you don't have Doctor Strange's abilities to create portals like he does kotynok, so waiting and staring at the door won't do much."
The open-floor plan of Steve's living room and adjoined kitchen was littered with sketch paper, stacks of canvases; pencils, charcoals and tubes of paint littered the floor! And watercolor paintings, shaded sketches and pastel artworks hung across the room from one side to the other, pegged on to washing lines!
“Come on,” he continued, “I’ll make you a smoothie and then we can watch you lose your cool over some dumb stunt video fails on YouTube.”
Looking up, Steve saw Bucky with his own tears in his eyes. He'd probably figured out, or he remembered what Steve did to him before this happened.
His whole body filled itself with warmth, and a sense of safety surrounded him; a safety that only his daddy could provide.
So, if you didn't quite see it, this fic and its chapter titles are based off of Lady Gaga's dialogue in A Star Is Born 😝
"Yeah," Steve sobbed, a wavering watery smile on his face, "yeah, yeah it's me. Oh, Tony, you have no - you have no idea how sorry I am. How I-
She scratched the spot behind his ear that was basically irresistible to him. Tony's purring made Nat feel warm inside; she was doing her job successfully.
Nat noticed his blush, but didn’t comment on it. She merely quirked an eyebrow, giving Steve an assessing stare.
Slowly, carefully, at a steady pace so that Tony saw each movement and could back away anytime he wanted.
‘Okay… disadvantage here: not so many people at eight a.m. on a Tuesday morning, but hey, what can you do? I have the element of surprise, since I’m in a seemingly vulnerable position, so I can shove past, but that relies on speed and coordination, which I don’t have because of the whiplash…’
aren't in the room?" his tone was airy, cool and collected; still sharp and possessive though. It immediately curdled Steve's skin when the doctor said
Nat seemed to read his mind, “Since she’s her father’s daughter, you only have to worry about her sarcasm.”
"Your doctors are nothing compared to those of Asgard!" he yelled tearfully, storming out of the room.
"Can you keep that a little quiet? Didn't bring one for the whole team," he joked, closing the trunk. Steve sighed. Hopefully he'd get his chance to show Tony that the genius
She became immediately captivated by his magnetic personality and she was drawn in deep, curiously hoping to uncover the man beneath those masks...
It was everything Tony wanted! Steve licked at Tony's bottom lip, seeking entrance, and Tony was hit with another wave of heat and passion, as he explored the deep cavern of Steve's mouth.
“I don’t know how you all can stay so calm when I’ve searched this tower inside out for two hours and still, there’s no sign of my love!”
and the floodgates of emotions poured through: ‘He needs me- but- but I don’t understand- he-I miss him, I miss my alpha – he’s ill – but what he did, I-“
was what he came for. Whether it be the rush, or just wanting to prove himself, Steve was purely focused on the aspect of a race, no matter the challenger.
A surprised chuckle bubbled from Steve’s chest. He wrung his hands together, still a little anxious. But he knew he owed it to himself to move on from this hurt. He owed it to Tony.
Steve came down to the garage floor, but stood apprehensively outside, staring at Tony’s silhouette through the glass while the genius obliviously continued with his project.
He took Tony to his room, nodding to his mom in the kitchen that they would talk later. Sarah loved Tony. She and Tony's mother, Maria, had been best friends in college.
It was a surreal few seconds. Steve wasn't sure if it was the evening breeze blowing by, but he could swear something in the air shifted then. Something
Steve's entire seed filled Tony up and he dazily nuzzled Tony's chest as the brunette absentmindedly played with the blonde's locks.
“You don’t want me anymore, Steve,” he whispered more to himself, but Steve could hear it through the door. His heart cracked even further.
Steve coughed weakly, his limbs fumbling as Happy helped him to his feet. Both Rhodey and Pepper still shot him glaring looks, but they gave him some space. The rest of the staff stood shell-shocked for a few more seconds, before Jenny confronted the group.
,” he moaned in ecstasy, letting the sweet pumpkin cake and caramel melt in his mouth and consume his senses. The cinnamon spice was a perfect balance that provided that savoury taste. It was light and fluffy, but the caramel filling was dense and sweet and it was all just perfect!
Tony suddenly felt like he was no longer there. He was floating instead. He was floating light on the wind. His soul was ascending beyond his body.
Oh, goodness, I- I’m sorry- I didn’t know-“ the scientist cleared his throat awkwardly as Nat and Wanda broke away, smirking. Wanda went to squeeze Bruce good-naturedly in a bear hug, pecking him on his temple.
me again in this universe? Or... would it have taken the existence of another, for you to ever respect me again- for me to earn your respect and your love? For me as a teammate again… or- or as a friend?"
They both needed a break and Tony couldn’t wait to spoil his alpha with the huge number of sightseeing tours, multiple platters of foods from his favorite Italian restaurants and endless hours spent on their own private section of the beach. He’d supervised the renovation on their beach house, personally, to make it as artistically perfect as possible so that it suited Steve’s taste so he’d be able to sketch peacefully by the sea.
A little bit of fear. Some hesitation that was hidden behind three stone-walled facades of seriousness to cover up the vulnerability lying beneath. Tony would
Tony was, admittedly, a little fearful at first about the team coming by to try and cheer him up, but he could already feel the familiar giddy laughter flow through his body like a cool and crisp autumn breeze, carrying warmth. It felt
Tomorrow will be another day. Miss Rogers would go with Jarvis to collect Tony's things and have him stay here for the next few months until he turned eighteen. Then he wouldn't have to worry about Howard anymore.
At lunch that afternoon, when Tony still hadn't calmed down and his anxiety was becoming worse and worse, Nat snuck in a sleeping tablet into his sandwich and put him down for a nap.
Steve's eyes narrowed murderously, but, before he could say anything, Clint spoke up again, "Nat threatened to close the vents
The two friends had gone out for drinks, because Steve had felt pretty petty, like a child, and he wanted to get drunk and forget about his selfish feeling of loneliness.
Steve cheered along with his sweetheart babyboy - so happy to hear that hearty laughter! - as he gently swung Tony's body back and forth, along with his own, while pirouetting on the mattress like an idiot.
"But right now," Bucky continued," he won't want to listen to anyone. And we're in no good condition to reason with each other. I'm certainly not, with what you did to him and me. But I guess I should be used to being used and manipulated... And I don't even know why, but I'll at least make you some tea before I go.”
Scrambling up, off the bed and fumbling for his underwear, the blonde’s whole being was plummeted into the reality of what was happening. Bucky hastily covered himself and simultaneously looked for his clothes too.
He couldn't help but give Tony the most whole-hearted smile that he ever could form! As if the brunette was the brightest star in Steve's universe. And he was!
"Knotting is special… but, you didn't finalize the bond. By biting your mating glands I mean. I would've felt or smelt that much. So… it
"Mmmm..." Tony hummed contently as he snuggled up against Steve, using the crook of the blonde's neck as his pillow.
Tony’s guard didn’t fall that easily, but Steve’s eyes were this pure shade of soft, pastel blue, letting you lose yourself in his gaze and in his honesty. It was hard to say no to such a sincere gaze.
Natasha's nails dug into the blonde's skin, drawing droplets of actual blood. He was completely pinned.
“I’ll pay for your groceries, but that’s all,” he choked out, wiping his eyes hurriedly. He got out his wallet, “What did you buy?”
He pulled the both of them back against the pillows and wrapped one arm around Tony's back, pulling him close; his other hand lightly stroked the curls at the nape of Tony's neck.
Wanda turned around to peck her on the cheek, “I helped Bruce load him into the car. He’ll take Thor home.”
Steve's heart thrummed erratically against his ribcage. Daring a look at the genius, a crumpled smile formed on his face.
Rain poured incessantly against the windows of the compound. It was a dreary evening, but Steve was determined to make the most out of it. He had it all planned out perfectly.
“Ss- Ste-eve? S-Steve is- is…? Are- are you--?” Tony’s voice was but a mere meek whisper as he witnessed his mate make love to another omega not even 7 feet away from him!
She chuckled, "That's great Tony. You just focus on feeling good, that's all. But how's about we get you off the cold floor, huh?"
Natasha would refuse every single notion of it, but Tony was busy shopping for ingredients for Nat’s favourite strawberry ice-cream cake!
Grabbing a plastic container off the shelf, Steve made his way over to the tiny rodent. He could hear squeaking and shuffling. Opening the cupboard, Steve gasped as he found a whole family of mice munching on the rice and sugar packets!
Tony felt the gravity as they had swung through the air, so he knew that this was real life. He felt his daddy's arms securely holding him from underneath, so since his daddy was well enough to do that, then his daddy was okay.
He turned his head. The man looked tired. In fact, Steve was surprised there was no glaring, no hateful bite in his tone… nothing. He filled out one last page and then focused on Steve.
He rubbed the back of his neck and subconsciously continued rambling as he jogged up the stairs, “Okay, okay, yeah, that’s- that’s actually
It's my first time writing smut 😅 I only read about this stuff, so hopefully I can "take what I've learned?" and create 'the mood' ... #sebastian #TheLittleMermaid 😄
I do hope you liked this chapter. Now, since I'm starting school, and exams are in two weeks, I don't exactly know when I should be posting, but hopefully it'll be sooner than a month, before my exams. Otherwise, I apologize in advance for the long wait for updates!
Steve clasped Tony's hand in both of his own and brought it up to to kiss each knuckle softly... so tenderly...
But he wanted to take them away even more! He wanted to hide Tony from the world. He'd received enough cruelty from humanity to last a lifetime!
I just haven't had a chance to prioritize or sum up enough energy to write really and it's just frustrating, because I want to write, but mentally, I just have to get through that wall.
Hey everybody!!! I'm feeling so pumped with energy, I just had to finish my next chapter in this fanfic and I'm working on the next one as I'm posting this.
"Oh, My Sweet Omega, you don't have to be embarrassed. It's an unfortunate thing to go through, but it's normal. Oh, it's okay. I'm here to take care of you."
So, as you can see, I have updated my tags with warnings on character death, so you all go into this knowingly if you choose to continue reading!
Tony did have his nanotech armor with him, so one wrong move and he wouldn't be fooled by Steve again!
Steve’s heart broke. He knew the two Avengers had grown close since Nat helped cure Tony from palladium poisoning during her days as Natalie Rushman.
So this is the last letter that I received and wrote for: the letter "Q". I knew I wanted one of my letters to be a poem. I'd always wanted to write one for Steve&Tony. I do hope you enjoy reading it!
It sounded so much like a plea. He needed someone he knew would help him without asking too much or crossing over boundaries. Natasha understood.
His walls fell and he crumpled slightly, the strings cut. Nodding, Stephen turned back down the passage. Steve watched as his form retreated. His body immediately felt drained.
“Hi Tony,” replied Nat, fond amusement in her voice. She paced a long kiss between his shoulders and began softly caressing his plastered curls away from his eyes.
"Oh?" Nat grinned slyly, but she quickly turned it into a pout, "Who says so, Antoshka? Aww, I guess
“W-were y-you – you a-and – and h-him-?” his voice came out tight, and quavering as he looked between Steve and Barnes “Your… you’re kn-knot- I can… I can sm-smell the—the scent, but – you-? You gave him… your kn-knot?”
“Even superheroes like you need some help sometimes,” the captain finished, placing a kiss on Tony’s cheek.
for the former playboy's head and heart to change, but seeing the good come from it and seeing Tony change into the person he was today was something really wonderful!
But she was so caught up in her thoughts, she didn't see Little Tony hiding by the door frame. He was sucking lightly on his thumb and listening in to Nat's worried muttering.
He stuttered in a few breaths, staring hard at their interlocked hands, and then once again, into Steve’s midnight-blue eyes. He only saw pure sincerity.
It was a new physical bond that was made. An omega trusting an alpha to take care of him/her. Because it all solely involved the omega. The
see that vulnerability. So, to the untrained eye, the genius brunette just looked like a businessman with a stoic expression. But Steve saw the weariness behind those eyes. And he comforted himself on the prospect that maybe Tony was relaxed enough to let those walls down a little bit, around Steve.
“So, I guess I’ll just go get his favourite toys from the room then. He must know that his daddy loves him
Happy’s eyes saw through everything in Steve. It was oddly refreshing to have a calm council from someone who hadn’t resented him yet.
Steve felt the vibrancy of it thrum through his body and his soul as he pulled up his Merc alongside the other cars in the wide street. The other racers bounced to the steady base vibrating through the ground. Everyone was dressed in neon-colored clothing, branded jackets and shoes and chains and bracelets jiggling with their bodies.
The captain shook his head and decided not to question it. He pulled Tony to his side and gave him a peck on the forehead.
Nat smiled as she marveled at the way Stephen's eyes shone just like Tony's whenever he'd go on about a new invention or a scientific development he'd been researching.
"I'll be sure to tell him that," she said softly, squeezing the doctor's shoulder on her way to order Tony's sandwich.
The rest of the night followed fairly well, with the only inconvenience being a sharp shooting pain in Steve's stomach that made him throw up until early morning. Bucky and Sam had half a mind to take him to the hospital, but after taking a couple painkillers, Steve brushed them away and said goodnight.
Panting and groaning as he shrunk against the cabinets, Tony's eyes watered as his heat began... and he had no idea how he was going to get through it...
Happy smiled, “But don’t get ahead of yourself. There are still things to sort through. Like this paperwork for example!”
Every racer was cheering excitedly and running up to his car as Steve came down from his high. He took a couple more deep breaths until he was sure his heart rate had gone back to normal. Between the racers surrounding his car, he could make out Nat pulling up beside him.
He continued to pepper little kisses all over Tony's face and neck-- occasionally blowing a raspberry too! - until Tony's soft giggles filled the room once again! It was music to Steve's ears
“We’ll figure something out Hon, don’t worry about it. Thankfully it just looks like it’s just these little guys in the area.”
"NN-Nat? N-Nat... d-d-don'tttt... P-Please..." Tony's thin and breathless voice was almost too quiet, Nat almost didn't hear it, but the scent of his fear was enough to knock through her haze.
Tony couldn't blame Bucky for sticking up for Steve - the man was his best friend. And Tony wanted to end this whole debacle as much as everyone else wanted too.
All the heaviness of sleep and anxiety finally crushed down on him. Tony couldn’t help a few cries escaping him. He clutched at Steve desperately not wanting to let go.
Bucky pushed his hands against Steve's back, counter-acting Steve's feet scraping against the tiles as he refused to go even an inch of Tony's room's doorway.
There was Steve and Bucky standing in the doorway, covered in mud and grime, but smiling goofily like complete idiots at the love of their lives!
Spluttering sobs could be heard on the other side of the door and Steve’s heart tightened in iron chains. He’d made Tony cry!
Walking on Cloud Nine the entire way back home, Steve threw on some music and blasted the speakers as he cooked up some spaghetti and meatballs for dinner. Sam and Bucky came in absolutely gobsmacked when they came in to check on their friend and found him singing along to Back In Black with a whisk in his hand!
"This might sting just a little," Steve warned, "I'm ripping the band-aid right off." And with that, Steve began to lightly smooth over the septic with the cloth. Tony's skin was warm to the touch. The muscles beneath flexed with each small movement. The captain found himself admiring Tony's physique. The mechanic was quite lithe and well-built. Though, it caused a confusing feeling to bubble up in Steve's chest.
A kiss that was woven from the past's heartbreak, as well as the promise of happiness for the future!
Both of Steve's hands came up to frame Tony's face, gently. Steve's hands were big and warm and so careful with Tony. As if he was a precious treasure.
Nat would be lying if she said she wasn’t on edge. She couldn’t help her friend. And that was the worst thing that could ever happen: being useless.
Tony groaned, pushing away slightly, “But I still have so many plans to go over. You go so long, Muffin. You go get comfortable and I’ll be up in about… Give me half an hour.”
He pulled back slowly, kissing his forehead; stroking Tony’s cheek. “It’s okay, Dolly… It’s alright. Here, let me clean up your beautiful face-“
Tony was now stroking the hood of the car preciously like a prized golden statue. Steve found himself smiling even wider.
Still, Tony felt the guilt and embarrassment flood his cheeks at arriving unannounced at their home so late.
“I’ll let you in on a secret, Antoshka,” she whispered, stroking his curls. Tony’s wide eyes blinked up at her.
He was surrounded by the warmth and love that Steve held for him as the song continued to play. The warmth of Steve's body heat... The warmth of his soft skin against Tony's...
To go and check for himself where his daddy was. His Little-self still knew that he would be experiencing the on-comings of a panic attack soon if he didn't
He suddenly felt so woozy. So tired and flushed. He put a hand to his chest, trying to rub away the aching. Tapping a few times on his phone, he transferred his money to store’s account and made his way to the exit.
The brunette must have surmised Steve's anxiety in the blonde's pale face, however. A calm wave of pheromones brushed around Steve. Inhaling the scent, his shoulders immediately relaxed and he exhaled deeply.
Steve and James were late and she was stressing about Tony's Little State. The two avengers were a day overdue and Natasha wasn't sure how much anxiety Tony could still handle in a tiny four-year old body. He wasn't equipped for that. Tony's anxiety would be worse as a Little and Natasha had never looked after him long enough to sooth Tony once he got to that state.
Steve’s small voice flowed through the door, trying to reach his mate, “Oh, Sweetheart, please, I- Babydoll, can I please see you? Can you let me in?”
But Tony stood up again to go and get a drink of ice water from the kitchen, and he pretended to ignore Nat's curious gaze that followed him. It was times like that Tony wished that she wasn't the best spy he'd ever known.
"It was Howard," he confirmed softly, mumbling his words so quietly, Steve had to lean in close, straining his ears.
Nat immediately grabbed a scent-blocking rag from her medicine cabinet and wrapped it around her nose and mouth. The cloth was able to filter out any pheromones given off, so she was still able to control her primal urges.
I want you, Sweetheart! I want you more than anything Doll! I don’t deserve to have you... You are the
"Quite poetic isn't it? Instincts brought us together and... instincts were our downfall," he turned to the alpha, shrugging off-handedly. There was silence for a good twenty seconds.
He wanted to duck his head down, sheepishly, in embarrassment, but Steve's hand lifted Tony's head up to face him and Steve kissed his forehead softly.
I will break each one of your bones six different ways, so help me God!” Rhodey’s glare was venomous and laced with fire, melting Steve’s body.
, Tones, no matter how many times you do it, I still think getting voice-mails from AIs is weird!” she chuckled, expecting to see Tony smirking right back at her in his suit.
As soon as Happy pulled up outside, Steve was out of the limo carrying Tony protectively through the doors, to the front desk.
Even female betas and alphas had the genetic ability to change their reproductive body parts in order to be compatible with their omega partner to take care of him/her  during heat.
The ache, the burning, had cooled. His slick had Nat slide in smoothly, soothing his walls and bringing sensational relief.
The rain put a stop to a date that Steve organised for him and Tony, but knowing this supersoldier, he wouldn't let the rain stop him. And he had to make it up to Tony in the best way possible.
Rocking back and forth, Tony’s sobbing went down to just a few hiccups. Hot, salty tears still stung his eyes and his nose was red and snotty.
It was true, so that meant that Steve would protect it. He would protect Tony. He would cherish Tony and fuss over him, he would be a sickening mother-hen and spoil him day after day!
"Uh- Uhm- yeah, yes- yes, I - please, if you… if you don't mind," Tony coughed, not meeting Steve's eyes. Steve clenched his teeth, regret dropping like a boulder in his stomach.
"A little forward of you to get me into bed, Cap!" Tony teased and watched the soldier turn beet-red within two seconds!
As soon as he reached Tony, he clutched the genius’ hand in his own. “Don’t worry my princess, I will save you,” he declared with all the fake determined honesty in his eyes.
Laughing lightly, Tony saluted, turning around on the hospital bed, his back facing Steve once again.
Finally, the strange omega turned his head towards Tony, his eyes still closed from pure bliss, but once they opened, the pair of steely grey-blue eyes focused on Tony.
He wrapped Tony in a bear hug as he sung the verse, hoping to convey the message: Tony could always come and find safety in Steve's arms, whether he was in this headspace or whether he was back to his regular adult-self, that Steve still loved just as much!
Steve nuzzled his baby boy's nose as the next lyric followed and he couldn’t help but let out a soft giggle at the relatability.
"What happened between you and Steve was his own fault. It was caused by nothing more than Alpha rage and pitiful manipulation. That's a problem for
She paced fiercely across the living room and debated whether or not to call Pepper or Rhodey for back-up. But Tony wasn't dumb - even as a four-year old. He'd know something was wrong if Rhodey just pitched up here off-schedule.
As Tony changed into an oversized jumper of Steve's and some pajama pants, Steve took note of the bruises that spotted Tony's back and chest. They were a mottled shade of blue and purple, raising Tony's flesh in uneven dents.
“What? It’s just a simple sleeping incantation. It should knock him out for a good amount of hours while he dreams
It was then all black and then blurry for all about twenty seconds. All Tony felt was the dull ache in his lower back and head. His whole face scrunched up, trying to force the pain down. He stayed down on his butt for a few more seconds, moaning softly. Then, slowly, Tony got up on his knees. Massaging his temples, he gradually opened his eyes to his surroundings.
In order for a female’s body to change, a signal is sent to her brain, and the brain activates extra cells to form and change to a male’s cock.
Caressing the tears off his boyfriend's cheeks, Steve placed one last kiss on his nose before heading to the bathroom for the first aid kit.
"I'm looking forward to it as well," Steve replied. He was greeted by a heap of Tony launching into his arms!
Thankfully now, Tony was asleep, so that was a problem for later. And the mattress worked as pad/absorbent. You wouldn’t need to worry about messy bedding.
The captain was a very good amateur actor, Tony would give him that. But being trained by Nat when they went on missions together had it's perks in that field/area.
Bruce managed to program it to make sure that little hearts would also pop up each time Holographic Steve blew Tony a kiss!
"We both agreed that I'd wait outside while you go in to visit and that's what I'm sticking with," and with that, Steve turned and briskly walked back down the corridor.
Tony’s face was still in disbelief, his one eyebrow quirked up in question. Steve gave another sigh.
"What's there to be confused about?" Tony's eyebrows were scrunched together adorably, his expression perplexed.
Tony grinned, "Peter actually made me watch a Disney movie, Zootopia? And... every moment, I just couldn't help but see you instead...in place of the main character, Judy Hopps! She's the, uh... the first ever bunny to become a cop and who wants to fight for justice and is just so completely giddy and optimistic and idealistic- you name it! But, she's also incredibly sweet and positive too. She's resourceful and just as much a conniving sarcastic!"
But then there was a silent, unanimous agreement that passed between their eyes, confirming the fact that they both knew they weren't really
It signified a new reality that was taking place. There wouldn’t be a pill that had to be taken, it wouldn’t have to be just meaningless sex to satisfy needs whenever both partners engaged in physical matters.
And that was the exact moment the dam of laughter finally burst! Everyone was soon heaving in deep breaths of oxygen as faces turned beet-red and Tony was dubbling over on the ground, desperately clutching his chest!
Tony hitched in another breath as the words left Steve's mouth. The soldier didn't open his eyes, but, he held up one of his own arms and covered Tony's hand with his own, holding it in place with enough grip to make his message clear: he never wanted Tony's touch to leave him!
He looked into Tony's deep chocolate pools that were glossed over and shining with unshed tears, and Steve's own eyes softened to the baby-blue color of a summer day.
The good thing about being a supersoldier is the ability to carry extremely heavy weights, but Steve found it
When it came to the people closest to him, you could see Steve's facade- his mask - crack at the edges. He would get desperate, and Captain America wouldn't be the one talking down a villain that held one of them at gunpoint.
On one hand, he didn’t know Tony that well, so he didn’t know if it would be overstepping a boundary to go and talk to him.
I hope you all still love it and yes, based on the votes, I'm going to finish the book in this installment, since only three, or so, more chapters will be written.
Reaching out tentatively, she softly placed her hand to his forehead and nearly flinched herself at how hot his skin was to the touch - like a steel car burning in the sun at noon.
"It was like… one minute, I'm- I'm hanging over this cliff, but my leg is trapped under this boulder, so I'm just hanging there and
He stared back into Steve's eyes as he felt a warm, calloused hand cup the side of his face tenderly.
Steve drew in a breath and looked to the genius. Tony was still and expressionless. He was waiting for Steve to make the first move.
” Steve chased after the brunette but Tony had already locked himself in the bathroom. He’d enabled the alpha reinforced door layer too.
"Alright Rookie," she nodded, "you surprised me…. You have my blessing to date my brother. And you have my respect." She gave him a good natured punch to the shoulder for extra measure.
Fair warning, this is a sad ficlet and so will the next one be. It takes place post-Endgame, where Natasha lives, but Tony still snaps his fingers and doesn't make it.
With some reluctance from Pepper, but a bit of convincing from Nat, Steve hesitantly walked into Tony's room, feeling like a trespasser. The guilt ate at his heart and stomach, clenching tight. He limply took a seat beside the unconscious omega. With fingers shaking, he lightly clasped Tony's hand in his own.
is just going to my brain all the blood, the adrenaline- just clouding my head and it's aching and throbbing. And I think I'm gonna burst. But then… then something frees me and I'm… and I'm
Today, however, the doctor was on point, because his robots caused twice the amount of destruction and casualties and the team left the fight with their vitals relatively low. It
Tony catapulted himself over and latched himself to Steve while Natasha stuck to Bucky like velcro and kissed him senseless!
thing that’s ever happened to me… “ the blonde’s voice turned regretful, “I just... I didn’t see it because I became too selfish… I didn’t think…”
Looking at Steve, assessing whether or not he cared enough to listen, Tony was surprised to find that the blonde was actually looking at Tony
"Yes, Steve?" Tony replied slowly. He looked to the soldier as if Steve was the hardest puzzle he'd ever had to solve.
Pepper kissed his cheek, smirking, "We'll check on you later, Billionaire Philanthropist. Enjoy the jelly and Spanish soap operas!"
Steve's head turned up into her steely gaze, his eyes still wide with fear and disbelief at Tony's abusive past, but he never broke eye-contact.
Having your alpha partner knot you, meant that you both fully trusted each other and your partner was willing to help you through your heat. It meant that you both were ready to bond and start a family.
Clint and Bruce hauled ass upstairs while Nat trailed after slowly, carrying Tony bridal-style and clutching him protectively to her chest. She continued whispering soft, sweet nothings.
"After all,"  Tony spoke again, "it's us- we'll work it out. We always do, because… because I love you."
He gave Tony one last kiss on the forehead before looking up at the ceiling and called softly, "You know what to do, Jarvis."
“I know it’s scary. And I knew you had to be hiding someplace totally unthinkable, but you also wanted to be around Daddy’s stuff and keep warm, right?”
“Happy to be of assistance Captain Rogers,” the AI replied happily. One would dare say he sounded relieved that Steve had come.
He paused on the landing, shrugging off-handedly, “Maybe. I don’t know... I’m not really sure. I don’t even know if you’ll like it, but I’m just so happy to be home and see you!”
The statue was placed outside the Avengers compound in the front garden. Countless people would stop by and bring letters and gifts for Tony or the other Avengers. Sometimes daily or weekly, but always often.
The genius giggled softly. Steve hugged him tighter, "Now, what do you say we get cleaned up and I spend the whole day with you in bed and listen to your stories? I missed your voice, Love!"
"Aww, my babydoll, you don't have to apologize. That's it, just let it out. There you go... Aww you're so so brave! You're so, so good, my little boy!... My brave Little Tony!"
After waving Wanda goodbye, Bruce turned to Nat. She knew why he stayed longer to say goodbye. They both shared a look. Nat was equally as worried about Tony as Bruce was.
“He told me to tell you in case he couldn't, himself. He told me he was scared of your reaction. I know he loved Mom, but you were His Only.”
"Instead of pushing Lang through time, you might've wound up pushing time through Lang. It's tricky. Dangerous. Someone should've warned you about it." Tony indignantly looked off to the side, albeit a little bit smug and Steve couldn't help but sigh again.
, let me in,” Steve pleaded. He rested his palm against the door, hoping to reach out to Tony through the wood. “Let me please explain, I- I-“
Whenever I make my fics post-Endgame and have Natasha live, it's based off of this fic called, I'll Carry Your World - it's a Steve/Tony ship fic where they go to Vormir instead of Clint and Nat, but they survive.
So Tony wasn't sure if Steve was being serious or if this was some kind of trick. His defenses sprang up.
Tony still couldn’t think. His brain refused to work. It was in a glitch. It was like hitting a brick wall every time. Everything was so confusing.
Steve knew he felt angry; he saw the bitterness in Tony's eyes, behind his shades, but he also saw the weariness still. He saw Tony's fragility.
"Hey, Nat!" Steve chirped, "I was just on my way to see Tony and… wait, what's wrong?... Why are you crying?"
His tears of relief nearly burst through and he tried blinking them back, breathing in so shakily that Steve started slowly rubbing small circles over his back.
"I wouldn't know," Steve replied, "He and Sam have been quiet, in their honeymoon phase of the relationship, I guess."
Tony scrabble up messily, collecting his groceries and the stranger’s, babbling apologies back and forth.
Happy’s car was nearby. Without a moment to lose, Steve picked up Tony bridal-style with the basket and all, and bulldozed his way through the crowd to Happy’s limo.
Natasha’s eyes twinkled happily at the love Wanda showed her. She leaned over to kiss her tender and slow. A content hum bubbled out of Wanda and she moaned as the kiss deepened. They were completely unaware of an equally oblivious set of footsteps entering the kitchen at that moment.
As Jarvis switched on the lights, Steve sat up and saw Tony kneeling at the foot of his bed with one of his arms still gripping Steve's right leg.
He held the genius closer as they sat on Steve's bed, the only sounds being Tony's dying whimpers and Steve's voice humming softly.
" she laughed, while rocking him steadily up and down, walking around the penthouse, thinking that the movement would get the excitement out of him.
“When I grow older/ I will be there by your side to remind you / How I still love you… How I still love you.”
Tony knew he should have called; he had his phone with him and he thanked God that it survived the fall, but he didn't think to call on the way over.
"Aw, there's nothing to apologize for, my Antoshka. You've been so good. You're so brave and smart. You make everyone
"Really!" she whispered back, smiling, "You have no idea how many times I've seen Uncle Bucky physically drag him away before he changed his mind and decided to take you as a stowaway!"
"How about you stay by me Antoshka, so I can tell you more stories, huh? It's not gonna be any fun if I have to tell it to myself."
Steve led Tony to his bedroom to sit him down on something bigger and softer and rubbed his arms comfortingly.
Turning back to walk to Tony’s desk, he saw the genius clutching his arm, his teeth clenched in aggravation.
brave for telling me. Because even superheroes like you,” Steve tickled the little boy’s chest, making him giggle.
There was so much desperation in Steve’s voice, it made Tony’s breath stop. He looked at Steve again-
“We should give him some space. It’s no good trying to talk things out now,” he bent his head solemnly, running his sleeve over his teary eyes, “I know I'm gonna figure something out that's worthy of an apology- I don't know about you."
Tony was beautiful, no doubt about it, but she would just be laying by his side – all he needed was an alpha’s knot. Most couples loved the foreplay during sex, but it was quite easy to build towards a knot.
Steve's eyes softened and he even sniffled a little bit as he replied, "Oh of course, Tony, I'm yours!"
"All I'm saying is… you were left alone with barely any physical contact, any emotional contact or reassurance from me that I still loved you while I was working. We would, sure, go to bed together and wake up beside each other, but those moves were robotic, expected. There were no little moments of surprise kisses and cuddles and spoiling one another-
“Aw, you know, I’ve been meaning to brush up on my baking and just felt like surprising you. Now, tell me what you think.”
Tony let out a shaky breath and popped the trunk. It didn't make the situation any easier with Steve standing just a few inches away from him.
“Honey,” Steve chuckled, biting his fist to conceal his laughter, “Is this all over another spider?”
“You wanna go down to watch Harry Potter with the others, or stay here and let me read you to sleep?”
When they parted, it left Tony moaning and panting. Steve laughed breathlessly, "Hold on now, we don't want my mom hearing anything further."
and the next thing Nat knew, she and Tony were barreling across the carpet, wrestling each other to the death!
"That complicates things a bit," Steve whispered, a faint smile forming. Tony shook his head, smiling as well, "Since when have we ever done things the easy way?" They both chuckled.
Blowing out a deep breath, Steve threw caution into the wind. He stared into those chocolate-brown orbs he loved so much. Deep pools of fiery emotion that made Tony who he was.
With a half smile on his face, though his eyes were slightly devoid of that blue twinkle. The dark circles underneath gave him the appearance of a pale banshee.
Tony rubbed her arm reassuringly, "Well, I'm okay, so don't worry about me anymore. I've got a whole game-plan going: I'm gonna move back into the Tower, catch up on SI and-"
"I can't believe I did something so cruel to you… And I know I'll never be able to take it back, but I'll try, Tony - I'll try forever, because even if you move on, what am I without you? My life is empty. And I miss you. Please come back to me, Tones… please come back… "
“Yeah! Daddy talked about you and told me stories about how you led the Avengers to battle!” The little Stark mimicked punching the air, fighting invisible villains.
Steve entered the garage to find his genius going over countless holographic plans and blueprints. His hands maneuvering through the air skilfully. The captain smiled adoringly. His Love was so brilliant, Steve couldn’t be prouder. However, that also meant that His Love overworked himself to the bone almost every day. Thankfully, Steve knew how just the trick to change Tony’s mind about going to sleep.
"What did you think about?" he asked. The genius paused, twirling his fingers and fiddling with the blanket.
Natasha sighed in relief. She then made quick work to undress him of his soiled clothes. Tony would never stop hating himself for this. The two of them were close, but it had never occurred that Natasha would see Tony in his most vulnerable form. He’d never let it go that his biology had gotten the better of him and that Nat had to do this.
Steve’s breath hitched. He turned to face her. Brown, hypnotic eyes. Soft and gentle. She kissed his cheek, then leaned down to snuggle his neck.
He growled as he shoved Tony's pants and boxers down, off of his legs and threw those across the room too!
Steve smiled, "Thank you for taking care of my Tony, Nat. I know that it must've been hard with me being late, but I saw how good you are at calming him down. I admire the bond you've created with him - it's wonderful that he has someone like that to care for him that way. So thank you Nat. You have
"Shh... shh, now... hey, it's okay... It's okay, Tony, shh… There, now, it's alright… Shh… shh… You're okay… You're okay."
It was already ten p.m. and there was still no sign of the inventor during movie night. Rhodey had some time off from his Air Force missions, so he was spending the few days at the tower.
Natasha’s hysterical screaming could be heard throughout the entire communal floor. Steve and Rhodey exchanged side glances of wide-eyed worry. This had been going on for six minutes and neither Tony, nor Natasha would back down.
“Oh, would you just quit your ‘mother-henning’ Rogers!” Tony bit out through the pain. A huge burn covered his left forearm, his skin all shades of red and pink.
The thoughts tumbled over and over in Tony’s head and his heart turned with every beat of sadness, longing, confusion and frustration that pumped through his nerves.
“Worrying won’t help!” she replied breathless. She sat him down on the couch and wrapped a blanket around his shoulders.
The whole process only takes about six minutes to form and to dissipate once more, once the intimate course is finished.
” He kissed Tony sweetly, revelling in the feel of his lips against Steve’s own. The sweet taste of coffee flowing through his mouth.
When an alpha or a beta would give their knot without protection, it meant that both partners fully trusted each other and were ready to take their relationship to the next stage.
For one moment, Clint stood unbothered in the doorway, snacking on some cashews, but the next, they all immediately spilled from his hand and scattered to the floor once he smelled Tony’s pheromones in the room. His eyes became saucers.
The alpha brought a fist to his mouth, willing the lump in his throat to pass, blocking the tears, "He said that Tony had made a statement in his will that if he passed, but he still remained fertile, he'd given his egg cells to me, so I could do what I wanted with them… back when we were still partners… Well, naturally I didn't have a single clue what to make of that."
“Well, you’d better come along, because you got some paperwork to fill out and I can’t carry Tony alone.”
Steve then took that as the opportune moment to clear his throat loudly like the jerk best friend he was, "
Tony felt the tears fall against his face as Steve kissed him heartedly and his heart clenched. He clutched Steve's back to pull him closer.
One of Tony's eyebrows was raised in silent questioning, the only tell-tale sign that he was truly confused by the turn of events.
"I just want peace," Tony smirked, holding up his signature two-finger 'peace' sign. He leaned against the car and looked to Steve, more serious this time, "Turns out... resentment is corrosive. And... I hate it."
sorry,” Steve rested his forehead against the door, his palm still resting on the wood next to his head.
Limping faster, Tony hobbled towards the front door, adrenaline pumping through his veins, giving him the will to push on.
Five seconds in which Tony held on to Steve's hand. A soft and gentle grip that made Tony feel grounded and yet elated at the same time.
The Rogers family would think nothing of it, though. And Tony loved them for that - more than his own father.
The front doors banged open as a bull-angry James Rhodes scanned the room frantically, locking his eyes on Steve Rogers. Steve gulped. He practically scrambled out of his chair, backing away as Rhodey prowled forward.
“Okay. Bruce, you and Clint get my bed ready upstairs with enough medicine and snacks and water. Wanda, I’m gonna need you to stay down here and get everything cleaned up, okay? I’m sorry, Sweetheart.”
Smiling fondly at Tony, who was cuddled up in Steve's lap and squealing whenever the soldier tickled him!
The brunette then took a curious glance at his car and something in his eyes sparkled in an almost child-like wonder. Steve found himself smiling wider at that.
"Well, I don't want any of that," he answered, drawing Tony closer, rubbing his back slowly, "I just want Tony. I just want stubborn, fearless, intelligent Tony. I wanna tell him how much meaning he gives me. With his ideas on fighting techniques, his ideas on clean energy and even the arguments that we have. He makes my life interesting. He makes me wanna get up in the morning. And I like that… I guess… I guess I was just too afraid to admit it. To him or to myself."
Another sigh left Bucky's chest. Shaking his head, he decided to push it aside while he visited Tony.
That hopeful soldier inside of his heart stood up tall and proud, and stated loud and clear in his mind:
He'd fight against the cosmos if he had to, to change the course of his future so that no version of himself would ever hurt this beautiful man before him! And to
Steve leaned in for another kiss, laughing darkly and Tony was more than happy to give it. The captain could taste the sweet caramel as he kissed those soft, supple lips and became lost in the feeling and the taste of Tony.
“So,” Steve started, hesitantly, hoping it would partly break her anxiety of the building, “What did you want to talk about?”
Usually, he would blame it on just too many cheeseburgers and beer, but he'd only had two burgers so far and his alcohol tolerance was the best in New York!
" Steve couldn't help his sarcastic tone. He was tired, and the last thing he wanted was another disagreement between him and Stark, even when the captain was honestly trying to help him.
The next few minutes were filled with Steve tenderly applying disinfectant and bandages to Tony's cuts. He then applied some cream over the visible bruises on Tony's body; tomorrow, he'd do the rest after breakfast.
He flipped an eyebrow, "When were you planning on telling him you lifted your foot off the throttle at the last minute to give him the benefit of the doubt?"
Tucking Tony in with the softest cotton blanket, she gave a kiss on his forehead and quietly slipped out the room.
“Well,” Natasha sighed, slapping Bucky’s shoulder, “she wants to learn some martial arts from me and... she saw your motorcycle parked in the lot, so she wants riding lessons from you as well.” The red-haired spy smirked, clearly enjoying this.
"Hhmm?" he murmured softly, smiling at Tony happily. He wanted every motion, every expression that he made, to convey nothing but the love he felt for Tony.
Bucky smiled mischievously, "Punk, there's no way you're backing out of what I'm about to tell you!"
Looking up to Steve's loving gaze, Tony felt the warm glow blossom in his heart. It made his breath stutter.
His hands roamed over every part of Tony and his long, lithe fingers traced every crevice, traced every dent and dip of Tony's body as carefully as if he were studying a road map.
that his teammates were taking this so nonchalantly. Tony had been de-aged to a tiny four-year old and Steve could name six hundred ways Tony could die in the Tower alone, and God knows how many other ways, if he got out in this storm!
The sensual moans and grunts flooded Tony’s ears as he stood frozen to the spot and he feebly wrapped his arms as tight as he could around his mid-section. He tried to keep his body from shattering into glass pieces. The air was fully knocked out of him. He felt so dizzy and confused.
This, in turn, earned an indignant squawk of protest from Tony, a little offended, a snicker from Nat, a blush from both Bruce and Steve who rubbed the backs of their necks, embarrassed, and scoff from Clint!
Two more sets of footsteps were heard running into the kitchen. Wanda gasped and scrunched her nose at the flood of scents overwhelming her. Clint was busy trying to distract Thor from Tony and tried to push him to the door, but the God of Thunder wouldn’t budge. Between an omega in unexpected heat and two alphas about to tear each other’s throats apart, the team never had a quiet night to themselves!
Bucky's jaw was clenched tight as he looked away from Steve to the door. He was seething in his weeping cries through his clenched teeth, as his tears fell like silent waterfalls over his face.
Natasha heard Tony's whimpering and turned the corner to find Tony rocking back and forth, his eyes were glazed over and he repeated the same thought to himself.
being the keyword there, Miss Romanoff,," Stephen retorted, "Even though that bond is there, it won't hurt to tell Tony that he has options - options that can make him happy as well."
That made her heart collapse for a split second. They only knew so few people they could trust to help them. So if Bruce was uncertain, their options just became thinner.
"Yes! It's quite remarkable. Stardust DNA is passed down through a selective few descendants from the families of the Luminals - the ancients created on Earth around the same time as the Atlantians. Tony and Mr Rogers must have that DNA, so their bond goes back eons. Now, through that bond, their subconscious, their- their gut instincts are in sync. It's like a whole other thread of communication formed besides the obvious one of talking."
The dark cloud hanging over Natasha cleared a little when she saw Tony sound asleep in her room- curled up in the blankets like a pup. Nat smiled. She loved the omega dearly; to have Bruce say Tony was sick with A.D. worried her much. Without Steve, Tony’s body was going into overdrive. His complete submissiveness and quiet; his cycle being completely out of control and his constant nausea were only a few of the symptoms, Bruce had explained.
Steve fisted Tony's shirt. Without breaking eye-contact, he whispered, "Will you let me make love to you, my beautifully amazing Nick Wilde?"
"I missed you too, Tony! I missed you like crazy! I'm never doing that again, you here me? I'll never do that to you ever again, I'm so sorry, Tones! I'm so sorry for everything. I-"
Tony... You're--you're so hot and tight!" Steve grit out as he pistoned in and out of Tony's hole relentlessly.
"No, Tones, no, no. Don't you dare blame yourself for this," Steve protested, rubbing slow circles onto the scientist's back, "
... I hurt you so bad. I was a monster! So cruel and merciless and you didn't deserve that shield coming down- I-"
For the next few minutes, Steve rubbed up and down Tony's back trying to console him, as his sweet doll cried out the last of his nightmare.
"Says the man who initiated the kiss in the first place," Tony retorted, his nose scrunching up adorably as he teased back at his boyfriend.
Suddenly, he heard the sound of footsteps coming towards the communal living room. Smiling, the captain pressed a button on a remote to play some smooth jazz music.
He caused Tony to become like this... but now, thankfully, he had Steve as a caregiver who loved him. A whole team who loved Tony.
With one last knowing glare thrown at Steve by Nat, the elevator doors slid shut and a certain genius and supersoldier enjoyed each other's company, as they rode up to their floor.
It's from the scene where Ally visits Jack in rehab and he asks about their dog, Charlie and Ally says: "Ah, Charlie's great - Charlie's adorable. He just sits by the door or lies like this (imitates Charlie lying on his paws) Waitin' for Daddy... We're both waitin' for Daddy..."
Blinking open his eyes and drawing in a huge gulp of breath even though his lungs protested severely against it, he made his decision to fight the pain.
And there the couple sat but the fire, content in each other’s company and enjoying sweet things while the rain continued its pitter-patter outside.
"I, uh... I have something I gotta give to you too, actually. Uhm, c-can we just make a stop by my rooms first?"
Natasha’s reputation as the most feared assassin and spy was not exaggerated. She was trained to read people. The dark and cool hardening of Stephen's eyes was not lost on her.
Tony could see Steve's hands clench and unclench, tightly, rapidly, in fists - the tell-tale sign that he was now at a
"No, no hey… hey, shh, come here. Come here. Let me see those eyes," the captain cradled Tony's chin so he faced him again.
Steve brushed away the stray hairs from Tony’s forehead and peppered kisses all over his face and nose until his giggles filled the room.
" Steve said, smiling warmly at the genius and chuckling at how flustered he was, "when was the last time anyone ever gave you a hug?"
Something flashed across Howard's face, a spark of recognition, but it was gone before Tony could fully decipher it. "Bad?"
His chest was caving in. Steve knew it. His broken heart was reversing the serum, and he couldn't breathe. He was back to that scrawny kid from Brooklyn, and this was an asthma attack, it had to be. "He- he said-"
The next morning, Natasha entered the kitchen and grabbed an apple, looking smugly at Steve. He was at the counter, laptop open, with a confused face on.
"Cooled coffee is for losers!" Tony snarked, twisting away from Steve's reach. Refilling his cup, Tony eyed him long enough to groan and retrieve the half and half. "Fine. You win."
The man screeched, high pitched and loud for such a big man, and jerked the reins he had on the dragon to turn toward Steve. "How dare you injure my beast!"
Snorting, Steve handed him the spatula. "Turn the bacon in three minutes. You're reminding me why I don't cook naked!" He tossed the last part over his shoulder as he pulled his pajamas on.
It's Michael, the angel who took him to that beautiful clearing to die. Tony feels the ghosts of his injuries, and his hand goes to his chest, where the arc reactor once lay.
Not a single one held more interest to him other than the idea that maybe, just maybe, he could be with Steve.
Every head popped up at the name called from the desk, happy to have confirmation as to who he was. Steve growled low in his throat.
indeed a good man - a great one even - and he deserved Steve's friendship. He deserved a better father than someone who would lose himself into drink and violence.
That earned Rhodey a real laugh, and Tony was glad to give it. He hadn't felt human in days, and this? This was nice. Rhodey knew him. Rhodey would take care of him. "If it's any consolation, I completed these suits prior to Howard deciding to jump forward several decades."
"And the fridge," Steve added, opening it, "All things we can all eat, down to the condiments." He picked up a bottle of soy sauce, "See? This one is gluten free!"
Natasha - out of fucking nowhere, mind you - had plopped right in front of him. And probably sheared at least ten years off his life. Thank God his lip reading skills were sharp even when his heart was threatening to pack up and leave.
Dropping his head in his hands, Steve groaned. "I'm so screwed." His head whipped up, and he pointed at Howard who was laughing harder if it was at all possible. "No! Don't! I didn't mean it like that either!" But he was giggling himself, though his face was flushing badly. "Oh, crap."
Because when Tony was upset, he felt like his emotions were out of his hands, and it was imperative he regain some semblance of agency in any way he could. Controlling the tone of the dialogue helped.
He woke again several hours later to the sound of the radio and Steve humming along. He was folding laundry, seated in the armchair.
Chuckling, Coulson looks at Tony fondly. "Yes, the one and the same. I haven't met him yet, but I hear that Bruce is a very kind man, despite the Hulk." His head dips. "I don't hear—I know. It's hard to code switch sometimes. He's very sweet. Good heart.
"Fuck," Tony muttered, pushing the vibrator in just a little deeper. What was it about Steve's hands that set him off so much? The long fingers, the strength behind them...the fact that he was impossibly strong but still so gentle. It sent a shiver through Tony's body.
Cast the spell and if Steve was found in the future, he'd be taken right to him. Consequences be damned. He wanted to know where Steve was, find him sooner. Worrying about things like getting back was insignificant. He'd find a way back. He always landed on his feet. He'd be fine.
Kissing his head, Steve smirked. "No complaints here either." He picked up the baking pan with the bacon, "I love your belly."
Moving to the sink to clean his face properly, Coulson continues with his original train of thought. "My charges are mine; they will not be yours. You are only here to learn and help. But I will introduce you to the ones that I'm currently in contact with.
Pausing while adding more milk, Steve gave Tony a harassed look, "As tempting as that is, it could mean no you."
There was Tony. And there was Robert Frost. Or rather a collection of his poems that Tony plucked from the shelf by Steve's bed as the door clicked closed behind them. Tony knew exactly where it was because he knew Steve. He knew Steve read through that collection often, that it was a comfort to him. Tony himself had read from it
There were a few things that Bruce knew for certain. One, he was angry - which never boded well for him. Two, he cared for Tony and the rest of the team more than he ever thought he would allow himself to. And three, he was sick and tired of being passive about the entire situation. Tony was his best friend, even if Tony also had Rhodey and Pepper, and Bruce knew with a deep understanding
The chatter dies away as the attention falls on Steve. He smiles at them, meeting each of their eyes one at a time before landing on Tony's.
The sketchbook landed with a plop on his bed, and the charcoal right after, his wrist flexing like it did so many times with his shield. The movements were practiced, honed, and accurate.
"You slept pretty soundly using me as a body pillow," Steve says it like a question, asking permission even though he's already pulling Tony to his chest.
"Clint got a few hours of fun in with two mad scientists." He waited until Steve had pulled the blankets up before clicking off the light. "See you in the morning, Steve."
"Hey! Watch the goods!" But it was nice to hear Tony laughing, who knew how much levity he would get over the next couple of days.
Pepper knew that it might mean she would never meet Tony, but she loved him enough to take that chance.
"I'm gathering that I do something to this Tony in the future. And that's why I'm universally hated?" He spoke, popping a strawberry into his mouth. "Whatever it is, I haven't
The idea tempted her. With what Hill had revealed at the library, it seemed so much easier to run than to face the problems back at the tower. The two block walk from the New York Public Library to Avengers Tower was not nearly long enough to fully gather her thoughts. The sinking feeling in her chest had less to do with the coolness of the early spring air and more with the heaviness she felt knowing she had to explain to Howard that he was unable to go home. She didn't even want to
This sets Steve off again, and Tony realizes that, no, he isn't completely okay with what had happened in Rochester, but at least for the moment, he is in good spirits. Tony has succeeded in that.
There are no words as Steve slips into the bed beside him or when Tony haltingly moves so he's curled up against him. He lifts his good hand and cups Steve's cheek, bringing him down to press a soft kiss against his mouth. Steve's eyes are blue like the gem that gleamed from the cross around Petra's neck. They shine and catch the sun just like it did, drawing Tony's gaze even when the clouds hide away the sky and cast long shadows across Tony's face. Shadows like fingers. Like belts.
All around him, Tony watched as the eyes flickered like street lamps. He remembered other eyes, sadder eyes. Eyes of his teachers, of businessmen, the scientists he worked with from a young age. Their eyes sliding quickly to the exposed bruises on his wrists, or his black eye, or the stains of tears on his cheeks. To the ghosts he had behind his eyes.
"Where's the fun in that?" Said Natasha, dipping some toast into the leftover hollandaise sauce on her plate. "And what about you?"
"Nats," he said as he slid into their booth, using one of his nicknames she wasn't fine with but for whatever reason allowed him to say, "If this about the whole subway fiasco, save it."
in quick succession, and scurrying away before the mother could recognize him. It wasn't until he was hastily putting his groceries on the counter at the checkout that he heard the little boy again.
When she calmed, she dabbed her eyes and grinned, "I don't know how you assholes did it, but I love each of you as I would my own stupid brothers. I should hate you for that."
In answer, Steve took him in his mouth again, bobbing his head lightly and pressing his tongue along the base as he did so. His hands slipped down Tony's waist to his hips, and he kneaded the flesh softly, dipping his head to suck lightly on the underside, until he hit the base, where he pressed a small kiss. "C'mere." He said, pulling Tony to the bed and gently laying him down. "Let me take care of you." And he was pushing Tony's legs up, kissing along his thighs, pressing his tongue where his leg and body met, and teasingly nipping at the skin of his ass.
"Tony," Steve tried again, stepping closer, his hand lifting to touch Tony's shoulder but stopped halfway. Tony's entire body had tensed up. He wasn't ready to be touched, not until he was able to climb out of the hole he had descended into, the hole that Steve had dug for him.
On his small kitchen table, he dropped a carton of half-and-half, three spoons, and a Ziploc bag of sugar. It wasn't as refined, but it would taste just as good.
, that Tony adored each time he felt covered and protected by him, apparently served another purpose. Howard - the nosy bastard - hadn't seen that it was
you can go shower, and I'll be back in a jiffy." With one more deep kiss, Steve stood and scooped his bottoms from the floor, tugging them on before pulling his t-shirt over his head.
way." He shot a glance to the back of the room, his eyes defiant. "They were so wrong. So incorrect that they had me cornered in their lies. Afraid of my own diagnosis.
"Let me fix your lipstick, Trudy." His voice is rich with age but sturdy still as his eyes lock onto hers. They crinkle at the corners, a soft blue that lights up when he looks at her. "I've always loved this color on you." Without being asked, the nurse hands over a tube of red lipstick, and the man's hands shake as he applies it. "Oh, oh!" He fusses and takes another tissue from the nurse's outstretched hand. "A little smear here!" He licks his thumb and wipes before using the tissue to get the rest. "Just perfect, sweetheart. My most beautiful gal."
Natasha had to hold back a laugh, from the vents, she heard a snort, and shot the wall a dirty look as Steve frowned at his laptop. "I don't know," she turned back, "probably public records."
Tony continued, quoting the poem, and Steve couldn't help the little grin that was forming as Tony attempted to break it down. "That's innocence. Eden was innocent. But it couldn't stay that way. We can't stay that way. But that doesn't mean it's not still good. Autumn and winter are still beautiful. They're just different."
Tony nodded and slid another plate from the cabinet. They helped him load it up, never questioning what he was doing, because they knew.
"Jesus, Steve, sit down." Taking his arm, Bruce tugged him over to the couch. It wasn't that Steve went willingly, although he certainly didn't fight it, but black spots were dancing across his vision, and his body moved of its own accord. "You gotta breathe, Steve." Bruce kept his voice calm, rubbing soothing circles on Steve's back. "In and out, that's it."
needed time to digest. He was similar to Steve in that regard, maybe in a different way, but it was the same need to have a few minutes to work through whatever was going on in his head. Tony just processed some things quicker.
Tony's laugh was bright, "Steve, are you aware of what I did to those stories?" Steve shook his head. "I touched myself. Every time. I imagined it was you, your hands, your fingers...your tongue."
Tony's arms flailed out to the side, one smacking down on Steve's upper thigh, and his head fell back against the bottom of the couch, "That was
He licked the toy, before dipping it into his mouth, loving the feel of it on his tongue. For a moment, he closed his eyes and envisioned that it was Steve's, swallowing down on it and sucking like the fucking pro he was. Coating his other hand with lube (and that was no easy feat to do with one hand!), he pushed his fingers inside himself, two right away, loving the feel of the slight burn, and stretched himself.
Shaking his head, Rhodey boinked Tony on the nose with his cookie. Twice. Like he was waking him up. "Nope. You survived. You broke through to the other side. You may have at one time been a victim, but not anymore. Not now."
Seeing Howard's shocked face and knowing how stubborn Dum-E could be, Tony took the ball and tossed it, hitting the far wall and sending Dum-E reeling after it. "Your own. And Fury is going to get paperwork for you to be an official citizen. I don't know if you heard, but the public knows who you are." Dum-E returned and Tony tossed the ball again, watching as it rolled into a corner and his robot frantically tried to grip it. "He thinks we should roll with it. You'll still be Howard Stark, and we'll find a place for you. Whatever you want."
Pulling off his shirt, Tony stepped further into the room, letting his hips sway in the way that had Steve's eyes following his every movement. "You
Howard made a face and grunted. "Fine!" But as he turned to leave, he threw over his shoulder, "Nice to meet you, Steve's Nice Assed Lady Friend!"
"Actually, yes. Stevie made this lovely, and very British tea for us, like the wonderful homemaker he is, and we should drink it." Rhodey was trying to diffuse the tension, and Steve had to admit he was good at it.
"You as well. I know this is unconventional, according to Michael, but I appreciate your patience." He jogs down the steps to the center of the room and shakes Coulson's hand.
"Ah, so you know about JARVIS as well? The artificial intelligence, that is." She fanned the menus out, running her finger over them before plucking one blindly. "Indian. Good, I could use some spice."
"I don't think it ever really bothered me. I just-" he shrugged, looking a bit sheepish, "I think I was too busy with propriety. With what was expected of men."
He expects reprimanding because, really, he's asking for it. But Joseph just chuckles. "Joe is fine if you're comfortable with it." Then, sitting in the armchair, Joseph hands Tony a thick pamphlet. "Michael should be here shortly," he says, sitting back after Tony takes the pamphlet from him, "he wants to ask you personally. But I don't see the harm in cluing you in."
They had just finished putting the groceries away and telling Bruce what they learned when Steve entered into the kitchen, not looking happy.
He had thought they made progress, had thought they were moving past Tony's fears. Whatever Tony had to tell him was serious enough to bring all of that back to the surface like boiled rice in a pot. Howard's chest tightened in anxiety. "Whatever it is, Tony, you can tell me." He tried to sound calm and steady, everything his own father never was.
"Your point, Rogers?" Stepping back, Tony gestures to the hallway, "Go get bundled up. We leave in five."
She plucks a file from a container on the desk and flips it open. As she does so, a new one appears to fill its place. "Welcome to Heaven, Mr. Stark. Oh! I see here that you're a special case! That
Tony's face was red when he glanced up, hiding it again quickly when he saw they still weren't alone. "Steve, fuck," his hips shook and his ass visibly clenched around the toy.
"If we promise not to interrupt," Rhodey spoke up, his head cocked to the side, "will you just-" he gestured mildly, twirling his wrist, "-you know, just say it?"
And even then, that was blurry; it was like he was several different people in one and none of them were Tony Stark. None of them were at all familiar, and, not for the first time, Tony wondered at Steve's patience and understanding of him. The months through his sickness had been long and not at all easy to deal with. Tony knew that. He knew he was irritable at times, and others his mood would slam down and vanish like the contents of his stomach.
He didn't think so. But Steve knew beyond anything else that he would do whatever it took to make Tony happy.
Logically, he knows that although he's dead, he's still able to live. But it's just so far from anything he knew or understood that the cognitive dissonance that it causes sends him into another fit of beating against his bed. His emotions are everywhere. Relief that he's got another chance but despair that he wasted the first one. Guilt over the fact that Yinsen died, even though he knows Yinsen wanted it. And fear.
That was the wormhole. This is tumbling sky. A vast expanse of blue dotted with clouds. Twisting, turning, free falling until he sees the green of the grassy meadow coming closer. A dandelion. Bright yellow in the sea of green. Closer. Closer. Then nothing.
"A spell?" Steve's arms, which had been folded across his chest, fell in disbelief. "A spell? Are you serious right now? Have you
"Hell yeah. That's half the fun." The glint in her eyes had him questioning his safety. And maybe exciting him just a little.
Nodding, Tony reached for him, pulling Steve up to stand and grabbing at his slacks until he could push them down over Steve's thighs. "That's the most beautiful cock I've ever seen."
"I concur, sir. I am no fan of this Alexa." The AI spoke and Steve chuckled, it almost sounded like JARVIS was jealous.
"Cocoa, huh?" Tony took a drink and hummed in appreciation. "I don't care how old you are. You're never too old for hot chocolate." He wrapped both his hands around the mug, savoring the warmth.
Steve never did figure out what Tony was thinking about. He was prone to that, of getting lost for a bit, swimming through his thoughts like he was trying to wade in the rough waters of Robert Moses Beach right before a storm.
Tony struggled weakly for only a moment. They weren't usually so affectionate. But if there was one thing Rhodey had learned throughout his years of knowing him, it was that when Tony felt off, he needed the contact. It grounded him in ways nothing else could.
He needed to pull Tony out of his own mind, something that Rhodey was infinitely better at. But Rhodey wasn't there. It was just Steve. And he'd have to be good enough.
It was a phrase all of them had heard at one point or another. Something Howard had screamed at him constantly while growing up. Steve hated it. It renewed his fury at the elder Stark, and he felt frustration start to bubble up within him.
"You're a reckless fool, and I should walk away from you and save myself the pain of ever losing you." Tony feels Rhodey's arms tighten around him, showing him that no matter what he says, Rhodey isn't going to let him go. It's comforting and precisely what Tony needs.
"I don't know," she said honestly, "it's not usually information I offer up. But it looks like you need a friend, so do with that what you will."
Thor had seen enough. "You are my friend's father?" he said dangerously. At Howard's nod, he continued, "And you have a problem with whom he has fallen in love with?"
He fumbled for his hearing aids, standing and backing away from her. "What the fuck, Nat?!" The world became a loud, annoying rumble as he clicked them on. She had been talking, and he had been ignoring her.
"Using your big boy words, I see. I'm not sure if I should be offended or not?" Inch by inch, he was guiding Steve back onto the bed. "Was that supposed to be a compliment?"
Steve led Bruce into the kitchen, gesturing to the stainless steel appliances, "All yours. Do you want any help?"
"Perhaps, but you're miles from where 1961 is. Seeing how ferocious you all were about protecting them I-" he paused, his hand hovering over a spoon. "I realized that my ideals are outdated in these times, and as a scientist, it's my job to adapt with new developments, not harbor old ones. I wouldn't be a very good engineer if I didn’t."
Tony pushed down on the vibrator, sending the tip up and into his prostate. "Ohh, fuck, Steve...fuck!"
Bruce wasn't about to mention that owing Steve apparently meant owing Tony as well, "Consider it made."
Mind made up, Howard slid off the bed and padded silently to the hallway. Small lights at the baseboards led his way. There was a chance that Steve was already asleep, but if he knew the soldier at all (and maybe he no longer did), Steve was laying wide awake, his own thoughts spinning around like a carnival ride. He took a moment to prepare what he was going to say (he wouldn't call it groveling, but that's what it was) and knocked three sharp raps on the door, pushing it open without waiting for an answer.
"Bigger pain in mine, but thanks for the unscheduled time off." On the television, Rhodey watched as the Bad Guy of the Week
Disappointed, Tony sits back, sulking. "Boo. But understandable." He lifts his hand and points at Coulson, "But when we get there, you've got a whopper of a story for me?"
"Will you listen to me! Rhodey is almost here-" She batted his hand away when he tried to shush her in question.
She was gentle, as much as she could be anyway, but Natasha shoved Tony into the backseat and slipped next to him quickly. Happy shut the door and moved faster than Tony had ever seen him back to the driver's side.
He gave her a sheepish grin, "Just trying to lighten the mood, honey-cakes." Neither he or Steve bothered with shoes or socks. It was cute in a way, and maybe if Nat wasn't dreading breaking their little bubble, she would have pointed it out.
It was a while before he was called to the back, and the cold and sterile room was just as medically ugly as it was the last time. The nurse took his blood pressure (still a little high), his temperature (normal), and weighed him.
Taking a seat, Tony gestures for Coulson to do the same  "Really? Follow the gossip rags? Or do you love technology?"
He had taken it upon himself to inform Pepper and Rhodey of the situation. Tony wasn't about to, because God forbid he ask for help (never mind the fact that Clint was the same way).
"Everything? A lot of takeout, but then they all started cooking, trying to help. We thought it was the processed foods," Tony shrugged, his empty palms up and open like he has nothing left to give.
Natasha traded a look with Clint, a silent conversation born from their total understanding of one another. Clint sighed and blew the air from his lungs out in an audible whoosh.
"Howard, no! You need to back up!" The Other Guy didn't like people in Bruce's face, and though he tried, he felt his control slipping.
As soon as the words leave his mouth, his eyes go wide and his face turns red. Tony's mouth drops in shock. "You're in love with me too?"
He's on his third mug full when the elevator dings. Bruce is still talking quietly to Natasha, but he tuned them out some time ago. He hopes it's Thor. Even Clint. But Thor… Thor gives the best hugs, and he could really use one right about now.
Rhodey put his arm around Tony and pulled him close. "This is a fucked up situation, Tony, you don't have to be all macho about it, you know."
Steve didn't even grace that with an answer, not that Bruce expected him to. As much as they had teased, he knew Steve was close to the edge concerning the entire Howard situation. And who
Steve was absolutely awestruck by him. Completely infatuated with how one man could be so beautiful. He kept thrusting, moaning as his balls drew in tight, and Tony tightened his muscles around him, holding him and whispering love into his ears as Steve moved.
Tony tried his best—he really did!—to blink away the tears that filled his eyes. Hearing it from Thor, of all people, made it sound so much more real. Doubt still swam inside him, but maybe, if Thor thought so...
"I've never been so excited to read about a wall falling before." Pushing his chair out, Howard walked with Steve toward the grill. "Need any help?"
"FOR SCIENCE!" All three voices rang out as they ran back to the tree line, ducking just in time and laughing the whole way.
"Right. I'll, uh, just hang out with Steve." Howard gave a hopeful smile toward Steve, and Tony inwardly winced.
And maybe that was why she was fighting so hard to give it to Tony. Going against everything she had thought about Howard Stark and pushing for a reconciliation. It wasn't going to be the typical father and son relationship, but it could be the closest Tony would ever have to something akin to normal.
"Probably live a less complicated life." The timer went off, and Steve cancelled it, moving to the oven to remove the pan. "They good?" He gestured to the potatoes.
Not that he couldn't take care of himself, of course, but even the strongest didn't exactly like being stared at like a pigeon stares at a zeppole.
"Goodnight, Mr. Stark," Tony turned, just a little, into Steve. Enough to to show he needed comfort, but not enough to be obvious about it. "J, get the lights."
"Why don't you go flying? It's been a while," Steve tried, tempting Tony with the one thing that almost always put a smile on his face. It didn't. His brows furrowed, looking up at Steve with a darkness behind his eyes that twisted inside of Steve.
The comments on StonyFan1918's most recent story were getting interesting. As a writer, they loved every comment, but sometimes, the fans of their stories got a little weird:
Steve had almost forgotten he held Tony in his arms, so used to his weight, and he blinked down in surprise. Tony stared up at him, his face a mix of complicated emotions.
"You'd tell me, right?" He cupped Tony's face, gently rubbing his thumbs back and forth across his cheeks. Eyes closing, Tony leaned into the touch.
So this was initially going to be longer, but the chapter was looking to be about 17,000 words, so I had to cut it off. Good news is that I have a head start on chapter three!
And anyway, it wasn't like there was a rule saying that there was a cap on how many best friends one could have. This wasn't high school. But Bruce had been alone so long that it was hard to just let go sometimes and allow himself to be loved.
Stomach gurgling in a plea for food, Steve pushed aside his own discomfort and gestured to the toast, "Take a bite?" He could see Tony was fighting with his own body's needs versus his want to curl up and pretend he didn't exist. "Just one?"
"Hi, Bruce, so nice to meet you." She widened her grin, turning on the charm and moving to face the next man. Clint Barton.
He was stronger than Howard, taller too, but this was Howard Stark. This was an imposing figure, a man he had seen in some regard throughout his entire life. Television, newspapers, magazines… He was larger than life. It was sheer chance that Rhodey became Tony's roommate the year before, and sometimes it bothered Rhodey immensely at how easily it could have been someone else. Someone less patient, someone greedier.
They make it to the park in record time, considering the slippery conditions. If they landed on their butts once or twice, only the beginning of the Sunday morning commuters saw it. It's barely half past 4, much too early and snowy for even Manhattan to awaken just yet, and when they reach the park, they are gloriously alone. It's not common to attain that luxury in the city, but the best chance is on a cold and weathered Sunday morning. Tony wonders at their luck. At least this way, there will be no paparazzi to take their photos, no fans to gawk and point, and no parents to glare that two adults dare take up space and snow from their children.
Rhodey nodded, falling into parade rest, though his tense body language looked anything but restful. "Speak."
Honestly, he didn't know how anyone put up with them if they were like this after only a day apart, but Steve wouldn't trade it for anything in the world. He reached around, fingers finding where they were connected. Tony's rim was stretched wide and dripping with the spend from Steve's previous orgasm. He moaned, the pads of his fingertips pressing against the muscle and rubbing upward to stimulate Tony from the outside, pulsating against his perineum.
His voice was deep, like the roots of a mountain, steady and concrete, he held the harmonies up, never letting them fall. He was married with two daughters, Hedda and Katrine, two weirdly Norse names.
He jolts awake, the movement setting off the pain. Steve is by his side in an instant. "Too soon for your pain medication, Tony. Breathe through it." He mimes, exaggerating his own breathing. He looks foolish, but Tony hurts too much to laugh. "Like this. You're okay, Tones. That's it."
"But it's a start." He was graced with a broad smile, "Get dressed, I'll be good and wait in your living room."
And then they had argued. Fought about him. Like it was the beginning of his and Steve's relationship and every get-together with Rhodey ended with some misguided shovel talk and an argument about what was best for him.
He allowed himself a moment to pick his clothes, at the very least giving himself some form of autonomy back by digging through his drawers and freeing a pair of lounge pants that were at the bottom. It felt a little like control, and it did more for Tony's spirit than anything else had.
All of this after Tony had curled up on Steve's lap on the verge of tears. They were supposed to be comforting him. Protecting him. Instead, they had been coddling him - no matter how much Tony had needed it - and spoke for him like he was incapable of independent thought. They should have known he wouldn't want it. Steve knew this, damn it, he knew Tony didn't like to be babied, that as much comfort as he allowed himself to receive he needed to counteract it in some way.
yet, but just being there trying to find an answer had him in higher spirits than he had been. It was an
Tony turned, pulling Steve's neck down to kiss him deeply, swiping his tongue along in the inside of Steve's mouth. "Custom fits? I can certainly appreciate that."
Tony just gave him a look as he pressed the side of the phone to turn it on. "You'll be the coolest kid in New York City for about a month until everyone has one."
"You'll be going back to the desert. Your friend is currently searching for you, and he's close to your crash site. Just walk, and he'll find you." They've changed Tony into clothing resembling what he was wearing when he died and ripped, dirtied, and stained it accordingly.
"Mr. Stark," Rhodey held his hand up to quiet him, "those are a lot of questions I'm not sure I can answer."
The woman smiles, "Oh, my husband always calls me that!" Her voice has a tremble to it, and her hand quakes as she reaches up to cup his face. "Blue eyes, just like yours. Oh, he was so handsome!"
meant that Howard had to be really careful about every move he made when Bruce was around. Any little thing could set him off. And smashing
Bruce's cheeky reply had Tony throwing his head back, barking a laugh, "Then maybe you should be a better cook!"
They sheepishly tried to help as the bus boy cleaned up the broken pieces of the cup, muttering apologies and trying to dab the spilled water with their cloth napkins. He brushed them away, "All good, sir and madam, it goes this way a lot."
"I said--" Howard shuffled forward, looking down and back up to catch Steve's eyes, "--I'm sorry. I reacted badly, but I don't-- What I mean to say is--" He paused, taking a deep breath. "I couldn't imagine anyone better to be with my son. I know you'll protect him and love him. But if you break his heart, I will slaughter you. I know a guy." He ended with a smile and a shrug, but all Steve could see were Tony's eyes, filled with tears, ending the very relationship Howard was approving.
Never before had Tony felt so on fire with arousal without having all that much attention paid to his cock. His body was trembling with need, and Steve was still fully dressed. Tony clawed at his shirt, trying to pull it over the blond's head, and Steve laughed quietly.
"Yes. But it's worth it. You know it. That's why you haven't jumped down my throat yet. Tell me I'm wrong." His voice was challenging, and she was taken aback momentarily by the passion he spoke with; however, he was right.
"Tony's!" Bruce could feel the edges of his vision going green, and he shook his head, trying to shake away the Other Guy. Hulk was probably as protective over Tony as Steve was. "This isn't a you versus Howard thing, Steve. The only side we should be on is Tony's."
Maybe Rhodey hadn't always approved of the relationship, but these days, he could think of no one better for Tony to be in love with.
It took a few discreet calls to the right people to make the custom Snellen Eye Chart and some clever hiding to keep his assistants and the other doctor at the office from finding it before Tony came in. Lucky for him, Bucky was working tech the day of Tony’s appointment, and what were best friends for if not to unobtrusively switch out the normal chart for the dirty one? Maybe he owed Bucky a bottle of Johnny Walker Blue, but to be fair, Bucky already owed him for Steve introducing him to Natasha the spring before.
"Your father–" Hill almost spits out, and damn, what's her problem anyway? "–didn't have the technology that we have."
"Stay," Natasha said sternly, pointing at Howard and following Clint outside. Howard didn't move from his spot against the glass, still gleefully watching as the suit dismantled. She slid the door closed, hurriedly whispering to Clint, "Does Tony know you contacted him?"
Steve was grinning, the rage faded from his eyes, and he was looking at Tony with a deep affection that had the genius' heart pounding. "Tony's resilient. Nothing gets him down for long." And was that pride he heard in the soldier's voice?
They handed each other their clothes, dressing silently, before pressing themselves together once again to kiss, a final moment, they thought, to drink each other in. Steve held him, running his fingers through the brown hair, and peppering kisses down his neck, soft and chaste.
"Oh good, I hate to leave leftovers." She chuckled at that. "Where's the bathroom? I gotta take a leak." He asked, and she raised an eyebrow but pointed down the hallway.
The problem with a teenage inspired make out session on the couch wasn't the act itself, and it wasn't even anything to shake a stick at under normal circumstances. But Tony had told Howard to come to the suite when he was ready for bed. And Steve hadn't realized that more than an hour had passed and he was still necking with his boyfriend until they heard the three sharp raps at the door. Steve fell to the floor with an embarrassing thud.
"I'm fine. Lunch will do me good. Though I find myself surprised you'd willingly leaving the tower again. That's three times in, what? A week?"
Tony’s fingers curled, nails digging into the pale skin of Steve's back, just under his shoulder blades, leaving deep red streaks as the pounding set him off balance, his body jolting, barely able to hold on. His legs, shaking around Steve's hips, stuttered as they wrapped tighter, hooking at the ankles to keep them wrapped around Steve. "More," he begged, his hands inching up to Steve's back to grip him and guide him down into a wet, open mouthed kiss. "Fuck! Right there!"
Tony left him to say goodbye to the others and took the elevator when it came back up from the lobby. He stood leaning against the back wall, feeling serene and hopeful. "J? Where's Howard?" he asked as the doors closed. There was a nervous twitter in his stomach. It felt the start of something. He wasn't sure what, but it was good. It felt like the pieces within him were finally, finally clicking into place. He was going to be whole. It felt absolutely
Tony's throat made a sound. He nodded and stood. This was new. Usually his partners took their clothes off for him. He wasn't actually sure he could do this. And for Tony to not be good at something, well, that was a fucking travesty. He tried to think back to all the times he'd witnessed others display themselves. Hookups, porns, even strippers.
Steve nodded, closing and opening his eyes to clear the fuzziness that had crept around the edges of everything he could see. He still felt wrecked, like a book with the pages torn out. You could still read the story, but it was in no order, just strewn across the floor in a haphazard mess. "Yeah. Thanks."
Steve sat forward, resting his elbows on his knees and loosely clasping his hands together. He looked over at Howard, fully getting why Howard would feel that way but knowing he needed to stop Howard from making the same mistakes he had. "Tony is a lot more vulnerable than he lets anyone see, but not much more than anyone else. I know you want to protect him. He has that effect on people. But, Howard -- and I can't stress this enough -- he doesn't need to be shielded from everything. Take it from someone who made that mistake. He'll understand. I think he already knows you're afraid, and he's going to do what he can to alleviate that."
you called her a swamp beast!" The pillow lands with stunning accuracy, slamming into Tony's face. It would have been funny had Tony not cried out in pain, and Steve's angry face melts into concern. "Tony? Tony, I'm sorry! I didn't mean-"
The man was shaking his head, "I think we forget sometimes, when a person is famous that they're still human." Tony felt his face heat up even more. All this blushing was going to be bad for his reputation.
"Tony," Steve says softly, continuing the comforting massage of Tony's scalp, "I'm going to take you to your bed, is that okay?"
"How do you say, ah yes. Eating ass." Bruce said, "Steve Rogers, your super secret crush, eating your ass."
Looking satisfied, Rhodey took another bite of his cookie. He swallowed and chased it with a gulp from the mason jar. "You admitted it." He bumped his shoulder with Tony's. "That's what you needed."
In answer, Tony shrugged. He opened his mouth to speak, but a knock on the door stopped him. Another nurse entered.
But she wasn't listening. She tossed a pair of clean jeans and briefs at him. "Keep the hoodie on; it's adorable. But change your pants." And walked back to his dresser to pull out a pair of socks.
"You grow attached," Coulson shrugs, giving Tony a weak smile. "When someone's time is up, it's up. At that point, we can't intervene. We're told, so we don't blame ourselves. It's a feeling like intuition, but it's not coming from yourself. You just know that it's their time, that they are going to die. Like how you know your own name, or when you see a simple math problem like two plus two, and you
"Hurry up, I'm next!" He swatted at Tony with the spatula, laughing as Tony jumped out of the way, narrowly missing getting hit.
"Uhm, sorry? I guess, I just don't know any of you." Really, he never did have much of a sense of self-preservation.
She looked incredulous. "Firstly, how is that not treating him any differently, secondly, of course he's not okay, his dead father is in the guest room!"
Steve's inhale was stuttered, and the smile slipped from Howard's face. "What's wrong? Did something happen? Tony just… He kind of ran past us, but I didn't think -- Steve! Steve, what happened?"
"So you said." His grin was devilish. A good look on him. "And how sensitive is that prostate, really?"
Dropping back to his heels with a clunk, he cradled the yellow container of his very own nectar of the gods against his chest protectively. "Does it?"
Howard was drunk. And Natasha realized she may have miscalculated in her attempt to make the situation better. Contrary to what Clint and Tony liked to say, alcohol
She didn't really know what was going on. Despite all their years of knowing each other, Tony was still very good at hiding things from her. Had she known, she never would have interrupted his sleep.
The distraction was working. Tony ceased his talk of Howard and let himself fold into the pleasure, little moans each time Steve pushed back in and whiney breaths when he pulled out escaping his throat.
"This ugly old thing?" Tony teased, turning in Steve's arms to face him. "And yes, please. I feel like we've been trapped in here for days."
Clint let his head drop onto his arms and Thor pat his back with a smile, "We are so screwed." His voice was muffled slightly by his shirt.
He was never going home. He was never going to see Maria again. They had only just begun, had only just started to get to know one another. He liked how feisty she could be, liked how her family was affluent but still held a charm that danced to a boisterous, vibrant beat. How she was still so soft despite the incredible energy of the rest of her
Rhodey wasn't just a best friend. He was an anchor for Tony. Kept him from floating away when he fell too far into a building frenzy, shook him out of his own head space when the science took over everything else, and got him piss drunk when the memories of his father threatened to suffocate him. When he needed to escape his trauma, just for a few hours, before he could lock it away again and pretend to be okay.
More pieces. The picture was becoming clearer. "You are a different man than Tony knows then? Closer to the one Steve was acquainted with?"
He frowned, looking hurt, although she was fully aware he really wasn't. Clint was nothing if not a little self-aware. And there was no way he could be friends with her without being able to take a good jab at his ego. "I want a divorce!"
"I know. But you're not alone here. I'll make you your own workshop, and we'll find you meaningful work, and obviously, you can live here." As happy as Tony felt, he knew Howard was going to need time to adjust, just like Steve had. "I'll get you your own apartment. Floor. Whatever. Other than the guest room, we're kinda out of space on the Avengers floor, but there's plenty to be had in the tower. You have a home here."
"You look 44 to the rest of the world when your wings are away?" Tony tries to clarify. It's important he gets every detail right on the first go. It's how he learns. If even one fact is off, it upsets the synapses in his brain and derails his learning process.
Time split in two. And the Howard on the side of the spell was pulled by his navel and tossed through time, landing in a flash of light at the feet of two men, although he only had eyes for one.
"No!" Steve yelled, stepping closer, his body language full of fury, "No! You were thinking of yourself! Which is what you
"I think that settles it," Michael says, standing. "You'll get to continue being you. We don't know what's coming—and something is—but you will be an asset. That I know for sure."
"So," he said, leaning back in his chair and looking at Tony and then Steve, "enjoy your one day vacay? Howard was beside himself that Tony didn't emerge all day."
He meets Clint first, and by God do they hit it off. Tony is completely annoyed with himself, but he
"Tony, please, stop. Look at me. Did you have breakfast? Do you want coffee? Let's get some coffee." He turned, just slightly to the door, an open invitation to leave the lab. Step one.
"He might. But Steve-" Tony looked up at him, his face pleading. "-He also might not. I'd rather have a chance than none at all."
"Howard was completely shocked. Before you put a hit on the guy, he's actually fine with it, but his reaction was stunned and didn't go over well, understandably."
"Something like that." Tony muttered, wound too tightly to correct him. "Listen, do you know if, I mean, does Steve...?" He trailed off, not sure how to phrase his question.
"I'm not a monster, Steve. Not yet." Howard found his voice, but it was still a bit weak. The sentiment hit where it was supposed to, and Steve felt a pang of… something. A long ago memory of friendship, maybe.
"Fellas," Steve began, always the one to rally the troops, "maybe this is a good thing." He spread his arms out, inviting them to see the positive. "We're at a new label with a manager who might actually know what she's doing!" Of course, Tony had to ruin it.
would have that much of an effect on him. Trying to regain some control, Steve smirked, though it didn't look as much like someone trying to exude confidence as much as it did an overeager puppy. "Mr. Stark," he took a breath to calm the squeak that bubbled up over the name, "is your insurance going to cover this?"
Resigned, Steve nodded. "I know. But you're not the one who's going to have to deal with Fury if he finds out." It was almost comical how easily Steve scooped Tony up, and even more so when Tony let out probably the cutest sleepy whimper any of them ever heard and
He made a sound, one of contemplation and amusement, and she smiled at it, envisioning his face with a little smirk. "I would talk with Howard, and I would talk with Steve. I would speak with Tony after. Explain my side, and ask what he wants. Then-" the lilt in his voice went up, and she heard the joke even before he spoke it, "-I would break out the best mead I had and drink with all of them!"
Turning a page on the menu, Rhodey laughed. "If my mother knew half the things I say to you that I wouldn't dare to say around her or anyone else, she'd skin me alive."
The query made him smile softly. "That would be telling," he teased, holding his index finger up to the side of his nose.
"Is it?" Steve purred. He let his fingers trail along the waistband of the briefs, dipping into the front, and pulling them down until Tony's hard-on popped out. "Now that's pretty."
"Tony, Tony, come on, man." Bruce is cupping his face, his eyes wide with worry. "In, two, three, four. Out, two, three, four, five…"
I just want to say that Cara is a dedication to all us fangirls out there, myself included! WE ROCK!
Coulson nods. "My current charges are a bit spread out," he says after wiping his mouth with a napkin. He's still got a smear of syrup on his chin, and Tony points to his own to tell him. Grumbling, Coulson rubs at the spot but only manages to get pieces of napkin stuck to it. "Pancakes are undignified."
But Steve wasn't about to look the proverbial gift horse in the mouth. He snorted and lifted the plate from the tray, "Have at it." He was just glad Tony was calming. Pissing Tony off on top of everything was grounds for making Steve sleep on the couch, not that he wouldn't deserve it. Regardless of how much Tony fought to be so independent and
As twilight settled around Manhattan, they woke curled around each other to missed calls and hungry stomachs. Tony made sandwiches while Steve texted the others, telling them they were staying away for the rest of the evening and would remerge the next morning. It was a break both of them needed from the insanity of what was going on.
"It's going to take work to get you back to that, but let's talk about why this happened in the first place."
Bruce snorted in the most unattractive way. "Not even a little. Unless you count being drunk on science."
With an unmasked smile, Tony leaned up on his toes and kissed Steve's nose, causing the soldier to crinkle his face, "Love you too, now, can we talk about Howard?"
"You're welcome, Mr Stark. Regina is going to come in and draw some blood. Don’t eat or drink anything after midnight and come back tomorrow for the rest. But this way we can get the CD panel in quicker."
The sweat was starting to cool on their skin, and he felt Tony shiver from it. Kissing the side of his head, he gently lifted Tony off of his length, loving the way he quivered as he pulled past his prostate on the way out. "Come on, angel, let's get cleaned up."
Bruce scoffed,"What am I? A savage? Of course there's cheese in it." Tony gave a genuine laugh. He knew Bruce was playing along and he loved him even more for it. He heard the door open and the sure-footed steps of Steve as he walked across the living to the kitchen.
Throwing the ball, Howard answered, "What question is that?" He chuckled as Dum-E scurried after it.
"That would be nice." From one of the drawers in her desk, she picked up a bag of Hershey's Kisses and slid them across the wooden surface. Chocolate always helped to placate Tony, and he shook his head in amused resignation before shoving his hand in the bag and plucking out a handful. She knew him too well.
"Steve, I want you to hear me-- oh shit! Sorry!" He was definitely not expecting Steve, distinctly post coitus, in bed with someone. He laughed loudly. Steve's bed sat with its head against the wall to his left, and he had a side view of the couple scrambling to hide.
She was contemplative. "Okay, true." Popping her index finger up into the air, she mused, "Point, but - and hear me out here - what if we just removed his big toes?"
Lips swollen and red from the kissing (and dear God, was that a good look on him), Tony stumbled to the door, taking care to adjust his pants to hide his erection. "J, lights on!" He hissed, trying to flatten his hair before swinging the door open. "Howard! Uhm, no, right, ready for bed?"
"Yeah," Steve lied easily, upset with himself for doing it as soon as the words left his mouth, "had a few pieces of toast before I came up here. Some of the smoothie too."
It turns out that becoming a guardian angel and entering The Protectors program entails a lot of paperwork, which is ridiculous because Heaven should have something better in place already. Tony dutifully crosses every T and dots every I. He reads through
This Howard wore a SHIELD t-shirt a size too big and sweatpants that were probably a size too small. His hair was disheveled, and he looked like he had one hell of a night. His hair was still black and thick, still good looking, still with that charming smile Rhodey hated that Tony could do too.
The last thing Howard saw before he closed the door was Steve flopped backwards on the bed, throwing his arms over his face.
Tony nodded and stood, grabbing his overnight bag and walking off the quinjet, his legs wobbly and weak. He walked right past Thor, Bruce, and Howard in the living room, ignoring their attempts to garner his attention.
Tony never thought he would find the happiness she spoke of in another person. They always seemed to let him down, time and time again, but laying in Steve's arms, he feels something inside him ignite. A small, struggling flame, a short, barely there wick, and Steve is the hurricane lantern, surrounding him. Protecting the weak burst of light he emits. Cajoling him to grow brighter and fight against the wind, to weather a storm he's so familiar with that it's like a blanket, soft and warm, comforting in the memories it possesses. The threads weaved together in what was, what is, and what should have been. It protects him from the cold rain.
"Your job doesn't put you where you need to be to watch over your charges. So consider this one of your lessons," with barely concealed curiosity, Coulson moves to the workbench, reaching for the toolbox, "learning to adapt to what your charges need. Natasha and Clint both work for SHIELD, so you need to as well."
Howard threw his arms out to gesture to Steve, only managing to slide off the stool instead. He fell to the floor with a plop and promptly burst out laughing.
She huffed, amused, and took the cup, settling back against the pillar. "At least I didn't scream like a little girl."
Clint groaned and looked down at his tired dick, it gave a jerk. "Fuck, I gotta build up stamina to do this."
The nurse said nothing as he removed it, moving his arms to shield her from viewing his thinness. But she was a professional. Didn't even bat an eye, just velcroed the strap around his arm, put the monitor on his finger, and pressed start.
Standing up straighter and lifting his chin, Tony let the words sink in before he spoke again, his voice even and strong. "I have celiac disease."
that didn't come with a contract, even if he never admitted it out loud. She saw him on the days his anxiety rang so loudly he could barely leave his bedroom, and she saw him triumphantly beat it all.
bridge. The one from the story. His face once again flushed, but it was weak, since most of his blood had rushed to his cock.
It was hard to formulate the words. Even knowing that if he could say them to anyone, it would always be his best friend. Turning to once again stare out the window, Tony watched as the rain let up. He took a deep breath and focused on the lightest part of the clouds outside, the sun pushing through stubbornly.
He nodded, his body slightly tense at the thought of someone else touching it. But Steve was careful, sweet. He kissed the center, the scars around it, so reminiscent of one of the stories, but somehow so real. Tony wondered how long he had wanted to do that.
all the damn time! Like unless he had something to offer, he's worthless! Jesus," his face swung back and forth between Clint and Natasha, "You guys
"This way, Tony. Time to meet Fury and secure yourself a position here." Not waiting for him, Coulson takes off out of the conference room and down the hallways toward the director's office. Tony can't help himself; he glances back at Natasha, who's standing by the elevators. She raises her eyebrows at him, and he zips back around.
"I'm sorry, you should see your face. You look like a seven-year-old tattling on her brother." When Clint just blinked at her, unamused, she shrugged, "I think I'm hilarious."
"Likewise, Doctor," Tony breathed, moving to catch his other nipple, giving it the same treatment. Steve retaliated by sliding his fingers close to Tony's scalp and pulling -- just the right amount, and Tony's knees almost gave out at the pleasure that gave him. Steve carefully leaned him back into the chair, and Tony's legs automatically lifted to brace on the arms.
"Not possible," it was Tony, sauntering in to refill his coffee, "I have fake files on record." He paused. "Wait, why?"
"Tony, oh my angel, you feel so perfect." This was going to be quick for him, a fast and hearty fuck, just the reconnection they needed. It was why he had brought Tony so close to the edge. He knew he wasn't going to last long. His own need was far too deep at that moment. Too great to control himself for long.
There was a pause as they contemplated that, and Tony had to admit that it was probably the best course of action. "What movie?" He started toward the kitchen, gesturing for everyone to follow. "Comedy? Drama?"
"Didn't mean to interrupt! But, ah, Steve? Relax, it's just me. Your lady friend is safe! I don't steal! Promise!" Holding his hands up, Howard shot his best innocent grin. "But I will offer my congratulations on having a little piece." As unexpected as this was, perhaps it meant common ground between them; he would take any opening he could (and so did Steve, apparently).
Letting out of breath through his lips, Tony offers him a smile as consolation. "Thank you, I mean it."
It's a horrendously bad idea. He knows it. But he's had a crap day, and his resolve is running low. "Let him in."
"Nat?" He hears Bruce say, but it's gargled by the pounding in his ears. Turning his back on Bruce, he moves to the kitchen, his body feeling too heavy and cumbersome. Awkward. Like when he was first getting used to it after the serum.
"Oh, wow," Tony said, impressed, as they reached the exhibit. The photographer had taken photos of individual pieces of rubble and constructed them together to form an arch around the door to the room. "That's actually kinda cool."
She had seen Back to the Future, probably too many times given Clint's obsession with the franchise and it being a comfort movie for him, but Tony still looked pretty damn solid. Maybe it wouldn't affect what already was. Marty McFly went to the past, not the future after all.
God, if Steve only knew. Just being around the man made Tony feel more secure than ever had before. He felt safe with him, something he couldn't remember ever feeling, save for maybe once when he was a child, and Maria Stark had been sober enough to spend actual quality time with him.
Steve's fault, but he couldn't shoulder the blame alone. He wasn't strong enough for that, he knew it like he knew he loved Tony. The serum made his body strong, but it did nothing to prepare him for how his own stubbornness could cause things to go so wrong. Howard had caused this, maybe unintentionally, but he did. Steve just exasperated it.
"I've noticed he doesn't do well with carbs." Clint responded. "Seems all the meals he got sick with had them."
"I'm not disputing that." Feeling bolstered, Rhodey set the coffee on the tray. Tony ate the apple slice, took a long drink of the coffee, and went back to the sandwich. Rhodey felt his heart lift, just a little, but it was something.
"Oh fuck," he moaning, using his thumb to scroll down the page. He needed his other hand, but he had muted Jarvis. With a loud grunt, he called out. "Un-mute, Jarvis, put it on the fucking screen! Oh God, I want Steve to fuck me so bad!"
"-Enough!" He leaned forward and put his hand over Clint's mouth. "I swear you wait three months for my guard to drop then you bring up Steve just to see me squirm." He paused. "Cut that shit out." Clint's tongue darted out to lick Tony's palm, "Ew! I don't know where that's been!" He wiped his hand on the tablecloth like the gentlemen he claimed to be.
"Rude." Steve tossed the piece of lettuce he had retrieved from Howard's hair back at him. The jokes didn't bother him; he knew that Howard supported their relationship. Crude and juvenile humor was just how he showed he cared.
The smoke in the speakeasy was overwhelming. Swirls of it curled around the patrons, dancing in the dim lights and fluttering around the tea cups and coffee mugs filled with moonshine. Tony "Bright Eyes" Stark sat surrounded by his business associates, one leg up over the arm of the chair he was on, the other tapped on the floor along with the music blaring from the last minute band. He was waiting for someone, though it was anyone's guess who, and sucking on cigarette after cigarette, sipping on soda water, and ignoring the Candy Girls who giggled and flirted with him. He just wasn't interested.
He giggled. Tony Stark legitimately giggled. "I love you too, you know." And Steve laid him on the bed, pausing to kick his shoes off and help Tony with his before laying between Tony's legs and kissing him like it would save both their lives.
It was too much to digest all at once, so Tony took a shower instead. It was, after all, the best 'think box' out there. He let the water wash away the day and scrubbed his body clean, all the while obsessing over every detail he had missed:
Natasha had managed the armchair, crossing her legs at the last minute and pretending to study her nails, Thor had tried to sit on the sofa, but missed entirely, thudding to the floor and acting for all the world that he meant to do it. Having managed to beat them all to a seat, Bruce looked the most natural, if only the scientific journal he had picked up wasn't upside down.
A woman standing on Steve's other side peered around him to look at Tony, "That's never okay! Doesn't matter who ya are!"
In between their sweating bodies, Tony's cock rubbed against Steve's abdomen, leaking and smearing his precome against their skin. His arms wrapped around the solid back of the soldier, hands splaying along his shoulder blades. Steve pressed his body down, to rub against Tony's cock, eliciting moans and pants from the smaller man.
She shrugged, "I'm good at what I do," and smiled that evil smile she had. Man, was she good at that. "Also, you're off your game when you're hungover. Might want to work on that."
"Something stronger, if you don't mind." He gave her a nod as she pulled the whiskey from the shelf. "Two steps forward and one back, huh? Dinner went well, so I guess…" Holding his hands out, palm up, he raised his shoulders and dropped them. "This is a mess."
There's no answer, and Tony gingerly leans back. The moment he settles his weight onto his calves, a burst of pain flares through his left foot. "Fuck!" He tries to swallow the sob, but it's too much. He hurts from head to toe. "Guys, please, I'm hit. I'm down. Anyone?" Silence, and Tony reluctantly lifts his right hand to check his com. It's gone.
"I don't know what you're taking about." But if Tony had been facing him, he would have seen the pleased look on Steve's face.
"Yeah, it sounds like celiac disease. The symptoms, I mean. Could be anything really. You said he goes to the doctor tomorrow?" They nodded. "Tell him to have the doctor do a celiac Panel. He's probably anemic from it as well."
With a kiss, and his hands on either side of Steve's face, Tony spoke in a husky voice. "Come in me, Steve. Fill me up. I want to feel you. Oh, God, Steve, I love you so much!"
Gathering his dirty clothes and throwing them into the hamper, he called out to JARVIS, "Can you please tell Tony breakfast is ready?"
"Then doesn't Tony deserve the same chance now that it's been brought before him?" she implored. "He's been given an opportunity we can only dream of!"
"I know many of you are wondering exactly what business I have here. And I think some of you have figured it out." He looked out at the curious faces, smiling lightly to set them at ease as well as himself. "I've been in the news a lot lately." He gave a sardonic grin as laughter rolled through the room. "Some wild accusations about my appearance. That I'm anorexic. Bulimic. That I have cancer." The room quieted.
Tony is restless, slipping in and out of sleep, his hands constantly sliding along the cushions, under the comforter, behind the pillows. His eyes snap open into panic before dissolving into acceptance. It's a cycle. Sleep for fifteen, wake up. Search. Resign. Sleep for fifteen.
Despite it being easy to assemble, he took his time, adding milk, protein powder, and a handful of spinach for the nutritional benefits. To satisfy his need to actually see Tony chew something, Steve used the ridiculously small frying pan to cook up an egg and a slice of ham and pulverized an avocado with a little too much gusto than was strictly necessary.
"Tony!" Steve gasped, suddenly all too aware of what the genius was about to see, but Tony quieted him.
Shaking his head, Rhodey pulled Tony close and wrapped his arms around him. Tony sighed and let his head fall to Rhodey's chest. "It's a start, Tones, and I'm proud of you for doing that. Just a little more, okay? And then we can come back here and binge watch Gilmore Girls."
"I've never known you to second guess yourself like this." She didn't answer him, so he continued, "No, I think you're right. Tony needs this. And maybe we all need this as well. Some bull shit about catharsis or something like that."
"My plan is to spend my life with you, how's that?" System overload. Too schmoopy! Tony moved to pull away, anything to keep from those pesky feelings he'd been having too many of lately. But once again, Steve didn't let him. "Nope. I'm not done hugging you yet."
"I was not giving you an option, Stark." Two large strides across the room, and he was in the front of the smaller man, towering over him. "Where are your quarters?"
"I'm here." A voice by the door said, and Nat wheeled around to see Rhodey leaning against the frame. "Haven't seen Bruce or Thor, and according to JARVIS, Howard is reading in the guest room."
Tony laughed as he turned toward the cupboards, wiping his eyes and snagging two dessert plates. "You know, I knew someone like you in college. He would get stoned off his ass and make anything and everything sound like the most delicious fucking thing in existence."
It was almost two weeks before the next story came out. Tony was sure it was done because Natasha wanted him off the scent.
Surprise! I had created this chat as a way to plan out the last chapter and had never intended to share it, but then I figured, what the hell? It's fun, it made ME laugh while making it, and maybe you guys would enjoy it as well. So, enjoy some campy bonus content.
Chuckling, Nat kissed his cheek, "I'll bring you a turkey sandwich from the cafeteria. Yes, with an iced-coffee, don't worry!"
“We’ll work it out together, Antoshka. We always do," She rubbed his back reassuringly," And you’ll be alright. I’ve got you right here in my arms.”
The spicy scent of pumpkin and cinnamon filled the kitchen, as soon as Tony stepped out of the elevator doors. It was overwhelming, but it was delicious.
His hands roamed over Tony's sides, fisting his shirt and the genius gasped and panted heavily at the touch.
Settling together on the couch, Tony cuddled closer to feel his husband’s warmth like a blanket surrounding him on a winter’s night. Steve pecked a kiss on Tony’s head.
"No," the blonde responded, equally as stubborn, "then I'll clean you up. And we're not done with this until you tell me what happened."
. Females were gifted (or cursed – whichever way you looked at it) to change their assigned reproductive system to suit their partner- if their partner was a fellow female, an omega or both.
His mouth fell open as he rocked back, losing himself in the sensation. Tony bared his throat and Steve wasted no time-- rocking his hips while he kissed and nibbled at Tony's jaw, at Tony's throat.
time this month you’ve pulled an all-nighter, for three nights straight and I’ve had about enough! I will
Steve shuffled himself back up against his headboard with Tony in his lap and gently juggled him up and down with his knee... Stroking his baby's back up and down in as much a soothing pattern he could do.
"Well, yeah," he replied, "Sure, you make me so angry, I might as well blast you just to shut you up-"
Rhodey rolled his eyes, squeezing Tony's leg comfortingly, "Don't worry Tones, you'll be out of here soon enough to put my nerves on high alert once more."
After a few moments of silence, he sighed, deciding to dive right in, "Nat said you needed help with your injuries."
It couldn’t have been more universally complimentary: Steve was the artist of the past and Tony was the scientist of the future. Yin and Yang.
“Okay,” he mumbled, getting in next to Tony. Happy nodded, satisfied and determined and sped his way to the hospital. And if he saw in the rear-view mirror how Steve cradled Tony’s head to his chest, ever so gently, well… then he said nothing.
This was all new again and Steve had just brought Tony home to his apartment for the very first time, like after their first date.
The red-head would never have so much fun in any other place than when she's with Tony- toddler or normal. She'd never admit to it straight off the bat, but spending time with him in his lab and helping him with his inventions and playing with DUM-E, was the most fun Natasha had ever experienced since working for SHIELD.
Tony ducked his head sheepishly. Steve cradled his chin, staring lovingly into Tony’s eyes, “I mean it- you’re my one and only, Mister.”
On that note, thank you SO SO MUCH to EVERYONE who stuck around with me while I wrote this fic and being so patient and supportive! I really didn't think this story would blow up and be the most popular of my works, but thank you to each and every one!
"We have a lot to talk through," he stated, "You and me. I tried my damn hardest to bury those feelings but I couldn't. And… and I don't want to, but - but we do have some boundaries to work out, Steve. Only then can we work in a team again. Only then, can we work towards me trusting you again. "
So, this is just a small interlude telling you guys that I do have 2 chapters in the making as rough drafts - I don't want to neglect this story, it has grown close to my heart 💙
, he's a genuinely good racer. He has potential, so I let him have his victory. And… I want my brother to be happy. So he doesn't need to know. "
Getting a proper look at the man he loved atop the kitchen island, Steve couldn’t help but giggle softly.
“Yeah,” she sighed, “But it seems like one of you is persistent not to receive my help picking up his mess.”
"I… I couldn't stop him, Steve… I - I couldn't and… and I couldn't even bring myself to call you, I-"
‘It’s like talking to Nat and Tony in one person,’ Steve sighed, mumbling a ‘yeah’ in response. Jenny seemed satisfied with that and went back to her work.
Tony and Bruce idly sat chatting about a new engineering experiment on the sofa, behind the two gamers, when a hot, sudden wave of nausea overcame him.
Tony had won her respect the day she read about him inventing the arc reactor in nothing but a dark cave in Afghanistan, surrounded by terrorists out for his blood.
and the hate and the mistrust. And then the sadness came. It was like going through the five stages of grief. But then- then it felt really good when I reached the acceptance stage."
My exams are finally finished!!! Aahhh!!! So hopefully I'll be able to update more - I'm so glad to be back in action with this story. I do hope you all still love it, so... Yeah! 😊😄 Let's get on with the show!!
Steve Rogers stood outside the Compound with his head hanging low; his hands on his hips and he contemplated the next step forward.
"But why would you associate something as glorious as music with a term alike to sickness or violence?"
Hate it or love it, I do hope you were satisfied with the conclusion to this series - maybe because I love this universe so much, I'll include a small fic or Steve raising Morgan with the Avengers, but I'll see.
He couldn't be surer of anything else when it came to his love for a genius named Anthony Edward Stark...
that mice mate and multiply by the dozen? Do you realise what that can mean for the compound? For the electricity and wiring and for the health and sanitation of this place?”
“Only if you promise that you felt the same way,” her voice was possessive. Steve loved that. He loved that she still wanted to protect her dad’s feelings with dignity.
"Tony... Tony, it's all right, shhh" Steve's heart broke to see Tony cry so suddenly. He helped Tony to stand up and gripped the brunette's elbows securely.
, completely sarcastic? He’d just… just freeze over and go quiet. Like he was afraid of- of overstepping a line or some Alpha-Omega boundary. Like a proper little housewife omega.”
She mostly exaggerated her movements for Tony's entertainment, but the thought of Tony's chocolate-chip pancake recipe really was quite appealing. Tony had taste!
The toddler wiggled under the covers and snuggled closer to Nat, settling in and playing with loose strands of her hair.
The ride in the elevator was peaceful and quiet. Tony snuggled up like a kitten into Steve’s body and neck and Steve never wanted to let go of the feeling he had, when Tony was in his arms, right then and there.
Steve suckled one of Tony's nipples and he felt his love arch into the touch, groaning softly. "Ohh Steve!"
Jenny was Tony’s height, but like the genius, she held the power to become the tallest in the room with her powerful energy. It was genuinely terrifying.
I quite like the sound of that. I think we should watch Game of Thrones more often if it causes you to act like this.”
" Tony hugged himself into a ball, he gripped his knees and rocked himself... back and forth... back and forth... as he repeatedly called out to his Daddy Steve while still in the aftershock of his nightmare.
It wasn’t until Nat arrived ten minutes later, that the tension in the air thinned a little. She gave a nod to Jenny at the front desk and slid in between Steve and Tony’s kin, being the middle-man (well…
"I trust that you won't bust my engine, so you're welcome to take a look if you want," he offered, gesturing to his car. Tony's jaw dropped to the ground.
"We weren't together," continued Steve, holding Tony close as they made their way down the ramp to the group.
Tony sat and read the get well cards his teammates had brought for him while he was comatose. The ones from Clint and Thor were highly enjoyable to read, with little stick figure cartoons drawn amongst the text. The loving smile never left Tony's face.
They both shuffled swiftly back out and closed the door, so Nat could get Tony settled. She was the only alpha he trusted, and was fully capable enough to take care of him.
"She didn't threaten to cut off my balls," he said, exasperated. Steve rolled his eyes, knowing this wouldn't go away anytime soon.
When they pulled apart, Steve grinned at how debauched Tony looked from just a kiss. He was flushed pink and breathless. Chuckling, Steve pecked another onto Tony's nose.
