“We?” Wade asked tentatively.
“Say something?” Tony questioned, setting through the last commands. In two minutes he would know if it worked, then he would be able to see if anyone was still in his tech.
“Alright. You’d better get over to and tell Mary that I said you could both have a corner piece, before she gives them awa-wah!” Tony wrapped his arms around Steve as the boys rushed past him, nearly knocking him over. “Okay, we know that bribery works especially well on the boys.” Steve chuckled a little. He lifted Jamie up so she could give a sloppy kiss to Tony. “Mmmmm, yes, now I feel much better!”
"Mr Steve." Peter saw him and gave the super soldier a tired smile, happy to see him standing, and looking better. Steve looked over and smiled at Peter, walking to meet them.
"How do you know?" Steve asked, frowning a little.
"I'm taking a hit for the team! The team of America, the team of Earth." Tony smiled at Steve. "And you should be honored to date me. I'm a billionaire, consistently on every important list of Sexiest Human of the year. Do you know how many people would kill to be in your position?"
“We gotta learn how to protect our family!” Peter barreled on next. “If we start when we’re young then we’ll only get better! And we’ll know how to use it all for good! How am I going to help take care of Jamie if running and hiding doesn’t work?” Wade glanced at Peter, then leaned in to whisper in his ear. Steve strained to listen, but frowned a little when it wasn’t a language he recognized. Peter shook his head a little and looked back at Wade. He murmured something else quietly, then Wade let out a little huff, then shrugged and nodded.
"Stark, we need a plan of attack!" Steve couldn't believe that Stark was just going to jump after this guy, with no plans for anything! How was this man a good father for Peter?
"Sometimes you can sleep when doom and destruction are in the same room with us, and times when we've actually lessened our list of worries, you're up all night." Tony pressed a kiss to the side of Steve's head. "What's on your mind?"
“How did you become leader of the Avengers again?” Tony narrowed his eyes at Steve. “Seriously, how did you manage to hide all of this sass and attitude from Fury?”
"I can't keep myself locked in a bathroom for that long," she whispered back. "And Steve is the one in trouble."
Tony let out a shuddered breath, back arching a little. “I can,” he took a breath, trying to put his thoughts together from the intense feelings rushing through his body. “I can feel your fingers against my skin. I can feel the ridges of your fingerprints.” He could feel Steve’s heartbeat through his fingers, and it was like it was vibrating through his body. He gasped when Steve’s hand trailed lower, brushing against his erection as he pushed the sheet off of his body. “I, uh,” Tony licked his lips as he tried to focus. “I felt, the fabric, every fiber.”
“I like the way she thinks,” Tony said, looking over at Steve and Bucky, pointing towards Meg. “I knew there was a reason that I let you talk your way into my Tower.”
Steve escaped to the kitchen, taking a deep breath and closing his eyes. He didn't need to be thinking about how he wanted to be on that couch with them, with his arms wrapped around Tony. It was just that morning that he managed to get Tony to agree to a date. Steve was still trying to play it cool, to pretend he knew what he was doing. While his friend, Meg, was being an immense help, he couldn't help but miss Bucky. Bucky and his Ma had been the only ones who knew that sometimes he felt the same way for guys as he did for gals, and his best friend had always known exactly what to do. Not that it ever went anywhere, with either gender, since he was so small and sickly, and after the experiment he was too busy with the War.
"Like, he doesn't want to be around me, but he doesn't say anything because Peter likes me." Steve frowned. "I don't think he's ever actually said my name. He usually calls me, Neighbor"
“I’ll give you a rub down later,” Steve said with a smirk, letting out a small ‘woof’ of air when Tony managed to elbow his stomach.
"If anything I think I became more awkward when dancing," Steve admitted. Tony's ears perked a little when he heard the guitar of a song start, everyone recognizing it immediately. Except Steve of course.
Tony narrowed his eyes up at the speaker a little. “Watch out, I’m already coding something. It wouldn’t take me more than a minute to go into your coding.”
"You know it's the right call," she answered back right away. "We don't need Stark's approval to leave the Tower."
Turning off the TV, sighing a little, Steve grabbed his keys, and messenger bag with a couple sketchbooks in it, and left the apartment. He was starting to feel cooped up in the apartment, and Peter didn't get out of school for another couple of hours. Mary was working with Coulson today, and Steve had eagerly volunteered to watch Peter. Drawing seemed to distract Peter from remembering that his Dad was unable to visit right now.
"You just woke up," Tony argued. "As cliché as it sounds, you do still need to rest, ease yourself into being back in the real world."
"There is another way that I know of," Loki spoke up. "Tis a way that you know to work even on me for the truth," he said looking at Thor.
"Sir, I believe that young Master is having a reaction to the peanut butter." Tony's blinked and Rhodey looked up from his pot. "His heart rate is becoming elevated, and I'm detecting swelling around his eyes, and his tongue."
"I have to share you even more?" Yeah, that's what Tony didn't want.
When Bucky and Meg had volunteered to stay back, for the sake of Peter’s party, Tony could see the disappointment roll off of Steve. Disappointment in his team members.
"Jarvis, classify new arrival as Young Lady Jamie," Tony said, shooting Steve a small smile. "Full name to go on record, later this week."
In these moments, they weren’t superheroes, or Avengers, or anything special. They were two people, on a rarely, if ever, taken vacation with their kids. And that’s how Steve wanted to keep it, snapping silly pictures of his boyfriend that made their kids laugh.
"-but I like having a little more information to go off of."
"Are you going to call?" Mary asked. Tony wrinkled his nose a little; Too many people actually wanting him to do the responsible thing when it came to himself. Let him work on one thing at a time, and right now that was being a father, no, a Dad, to Peter, and working on the Mark II armor. Wait.... that was two things, wasn't it?"
"We're still dating, let's not jump any steps," Tony told the boy with a smile. Peter hopped over, then pulled himself up to sit between Tony and Steve, in both of their laps. The two men had to move their arms to rearrange, but they didn't mind.
"I think I've been doing pretty well with the Twenty-First Century, Tony," Steve said back to him.
It was the sound of soft whispers that greeted Tony back to consciousness. He was on something soft, so he figured it had to have been his bed, and his brain was working to catch up with what had happened. Why shouldn't he be in his bed? He had been sleeping right?
Tony tried not to roll his eyes, with a smile, when the tall malt glass was placed on the counter, two long straws in it. He locked eyes with amused blue ones across from him, letting Steve reach for the glass first, going for the cherry on top. “If you take that cherry, I will use my Italian leather shoes to ensure that the night ends with dinner.” Steve tried to give him a pout, but Tony just hardened his gaze and stole the cherry by the stem from between Steve’s fingers. The blonde shot him a smile then used his finger to steal a large dollop of whip cream from the top. “You didn’t!”
"It was your father's idea to bring in Zola, to SHIELD. It would make it that much easier for Hydra to grow." Tony swallowed, biting the inside of his cheek to keep from charging at the man. He walked to the side of the lab and tapped on one of the vials holding a blue liquid. "We have your first test subject, and we're very positive about the outcome of this test." He felt Wanda's gaze from behind him, outside of the glass, and he was forced to get up from the chair to approach the container. Tony hoped that it would be another animal.
"Will you be donating your own time, as well?" Someone shouted above the rest.
Tony started to move then, tried to push away, to get away from Steve. Steve just continued to hold on, trying to get back up as soon as possible. He could feel Tony's chest heaving, drawing in water instead of air.
Steve watched Tony, watched him dive into the newest problem on his plate. He knew what was happening, but he doubted he would be able to get Tony to stop. The man was looking for something to keep busy. Peter was asleep, so now he needed to focus on Mary, but he wasn't allowing himself to go in and see her.
"Heaven forbid you and Wade should not go to the same school," Mary said, taking her key out to open the door to the apartment. Peter pushed the door open, smiling up at her, before taking off his jacket. "You can just put those bags on the table, Steve, thanks."
“I suppose I now know why there’s so much sliced meat,” Tony said, offering a plate to Steve when he walked in. “It’s kind of hard for me to mess this up.”
Tony had already moved Peter to his lap, a plate of waffles in front of them. "It's not Saturday, Daddy."
"Emotioned out?" Steve questioned. Tony happened to notice that one of his plates was almost empty already. How did the man manage to eat that much food already, and have a conversation? All without talking with the food still in his mouth? Maybe Tony should ask Steve for a blood sample, study that super soldier metabolism. Maybe he could use some other perks to get better results in the workshop.
"Tony!" Mary was still there. Tony couldn't let this man hurt her, or get to Peter. The electricity was starting to short out the suit, the HUD was flickering, and there was a lot of red in his vision. This had to stop.
“I was gone, I have no control over him, or her,” Steve started saying as he walked, Bucky falling in step besides him. “I wasn’t even in the country, I have no knowledge of destruction that did or did not happen.”
“That should be a fun day.”
"Monster pets, that they cloned," Clint said, leaning back in his chair. "They considered that a success, so they think it's okay to move onto humans??"
"You work entirely on commission?" Tony asked as Steve put the piece back in its resting spot.
“No superheroes,” this time she did let herself smile, but Tony knew that it was because of her next comment. “But I have treated other celebrities.”
The woman raised an eyebrow at him, looking a little disbelieving at his claim, but there was still a bit of a smile on her face. "You listen to Backstreet Boys?"
"They want to lock you out," Obie continued.
"Maybe you used to be an alcoholic, but you can control yourself around Peter," Steve started to refute.
"We need more time," Yinsen murmured and Tony blinked. "I'm gonna go buy you some time."
Jamie made a little whine, but she let Mary put the skirt on her this time. Steve could tell she was pouting from the little huff she made, but didn’t resist anymore. “There we go. Yes, you have the Rogers stubborn streak a mile long, but you also know when it’s time to be reasonable.” Steve pursed his lips a little. “There, all done up and dressed. Come here.” Mary picked her up and the little girl leaned against Mary’s shoulder. “Yeah, you’re just a grumpy gus, not getting enough sleep, huh? I’ve seen it before, first in your brother, and then in your cousins. I am well versed in the ways of you younglings.”
"Not the first to say that," Tony replied with a smirk.
"It just has to be something that you care about," Steve said not unkindly, and Tony shrugged a little.
"Because of Jamie?" Tony raised an eyebrow when Peter seemed to curl up a little more on top of Tony, tilting his head down. "Cause she's gonna need so much attention now?" Peter was not warming up to the newest addition.
Mary tilted her head a little, looking at him. "Anthony Stark, mighten you be actually ready to look for something that might turn into a serious relationship?"
"Easy to hold onto that child like ignorance when your Hero is supposed to be just a person printed on a piece of paper," Bruce said quietly. "Why do you think Peter has Captain America sheets? Tony introduced his son to what was his strongest ally as a kid. Everything Tony does is an attempt to not be like Howard." He leaned across the counter, really staring into Steve's eyes. "Think about every time you've heard Peter talk about his Dad, or see him interact with Tony. And think about what Tony told you earlier."
Tony lifted his head a bit when he saw William walking over, leaning over the couch a bit. "I think there's something on my stomach, but I can't tell. Does it look serious?"
Drawing up short, Tony felt his body run cold. His steps were slow and deliberate as he saw Mary rocking on the ground, holding onto Rachel, sobbing softly. He swallowed when movement caught his eyes, the doors opening and William and Steve were coming out. Sound was washed out as the older man ran over to his family, and Tony only saw his mouth moving, calling a name and there wouldn't be a response.
"Yeah, tell you what," Tony interrupted that. "Do a weather and ATC check." He looked towards the exit of the garage. "Start listening in on ground control."
Tony’s eyes were fluttering and Steve reached out to pull him closer, freezing when Tony gasped, almost keening in pain. “Tony?” He turned his head when the room became a little quieter, Bruce leaving the room with Jamie. He could still hear her soft cries in the hallway and he teared up a little as he looked back at Tony.
"Stand down, Iron Man," a voice called out to this side. He barely turned his head, catching sight of a man with an arm around Meg's shoulders, and a gun to the side of her head. "We have the Captain's friend, and I'm sure you don't her blood on your hands."
"Yes, let's," Mary nodded, turning away from the window. "I'll never hear the end of it from Tony if he beats us."
"Last year Earth had a visitor from another planet, who had a grudge match that leveled a small town," Fury was telling them, managing to look at all of them. New Mexico. "We learned that not only are we not alone, but we are hopelessly, hilariously, outgunned." Tony couldn't help but wonder if SHIELD had had a hand in getting the government involved in wanting one of Tony's suits. The Iron Man suit would be ridiculously overpowered with the tesseract. "And you're not the only threat. The world's filling up with people who can't be matched, they can't be controlled."
“Shhh,” a gentle voice brushed past his ears. “Try to hide.” Tony bit back a whimper of pain. This voice was not one he had heard before, and there seemed to be nothing sinister behind it. It vaguely sounded like a woman’s voice to him. “Too much pain. I help.” He briefly wondered about the way that it spoke in broken sentences, but that quickly became less of a factor when the burning sensation started again. “He tries to find you. But cannot. You stay until he stops.”
"Just about everything," he nodded. "Even in the suit, he looks good as a Dad, don't you think?"
"Nope! Everyone dances to this song." Tony wrapped his arm around Steve's when he went to move from the dance floor. "Even Agent is doing the dance!"
"We'll tackle it," Steve told him, smiling that smile that made Tony feel a little fuzzy inside. "Like couples do."
"No!" He twisted, pain lancing through his body.
"I can't come to see the hero of the hour?" George gave him an obviously fake smile, well aware that the paparazzi could see them. Tony knew the smile well, he had perfected it at age eight. "We used to have something."
Steve reached into his pocket and pulled out another phone, a bigger one, then tossed it over to Coulson who caught it without looking.
"I wanna know everything that's decided," Wade countered back, still hugging him tightly. Bruce and Sam silently stepped away, heading back towards the group by the tables.
"Daily," Tony confirmed. "It felt like such a waste of my time!"
Steve pulled back a couple centimeters, still feeling Tony's hand on the back of his neck. "I don't mean to push-" Tony pulled him back down, kissing him again, drawing a soft moan from Steve when he started to pull on Steve's bottom lip with his teeth.
Anyways! Here you all go! Enjoy! Bwuahahahahaha
Bucky moved to help Tony and Natasha was there to stop him from getting closer, guns holstered as she used her own martial training.
“We’re good judges of character. Most of the time.”
"Uncle Bruce?" Bruce raised an eyebrow. "We haven't seen each other in five years."
“Jerk,” Steve grinned at him.
The room was painted a medium blue, but the walls were covered in lots of Peter's drawings, actions figures on shelves against the walls as well. He had custom Captain America sheets, and Tony swore that Steve may have blushed a little, seeing the little bit of hero worship from the boy. Tony had let Peter do whatever he had wanted to the room when they first got to New York.
"Why are you encouraging this," Tony said, shooting a meaningless glare at the Captain. "I don't have room in my house for half of New York!"
Tony let out an exaggerated sigh. “Yeah, I figured that was it. Peter is by far, more adorable than I am.” Amber eyes looked at Steve. “I have a confession. I had you move in so I could spend more time with Jamie. She’s far cuter than you are, Rogers. I need to raise a girl alongside my boy to make my life complete.” Steve snorted with laughter, and Tony couldn’t help but smile. “Stop being too good for me.”
Walking out into the dining room, he put the bowl down in front of Peter, who grinned widely, and accepted the spoon form Steve. "Thank you!" He said without prompting, and Steve smiled at that.
Steve had looked through all the clothes he had brought, kicking himself that he didn't bring anything that he thought would be nice enough for a press conference. Not that that was anything he ever thought he have to prepare for, but he didn't want to go in jeans, or khakis, but he wasn't seeing much of another choice.
“Why don’t you take Uncle Bucky down the hall,” Tony said, setting Peter on his feet. “I have to finish getting Jarvis back up, and I’ll be over with Jamie and the twins, alright?” Peter nodded then hurried over to take Bucky’s hand, and they left the apartment. Tony looked over at Mary, tapping a few more things on the tablet. “You going to be okay here alone?”
"Your Mom amuses me," Tony said, smirking a little, causing Mary to hit his arm as she walked by. "I think she might be one of my most formidable foes to date!"
"I'll give you the signal before the song start," Coulson said as he finished getting the corsage of lavender straight. He walked over to Steve, tugging a bit at the end of his jacket, and nodded. "Probably time to get the boys." Steve put a hand on Coulson's shoulder and smiled at him.
"Daddy!" Peter shouted, wrapping his arms around Tony's uninjured side. Tony tightly wrapped his arm around Peter, holding him close, and trying to turn him away from the assailant. Tony swallowed and looked back over at the mysterious man again. "Please don't hurt my Daddy."
“Oh Tony,” she murmured and started to rub his shoulders. His body was extremely tense, and he was trying to hide just how much it had affected him. Perhaps it was time that Pepper intervened, at least tried to get Vee visitation rights.
"Who is this?" He asked in his accent, exhaustion creeping through.
You're all amazing, and I love you! Enjoy the chapter!!
"One good thing about your Tower being chosen as Alien HQ." Steve smirked as Tony shot him an unamused look.
Tony had to admit that Steve blended in quite well with his dark sunglasses on, and beard growing in nicely around his face. If someone were looking for Steve Rogers, they wouldn’t find him like this, not right away. He kept stealing glances at his ass as they walked around the park, though, looking fantastic in jeans.
Tony rolled the words around his head, thinking through all the possible outcomes "You really shouldn't trust me with that responsibility," he said slowly. "I was just kidnapped for five days, and spent four days with an evil organization that tried to control the world through manipulation."
“Mr Steve would totally fight a dragon!” Peter proclaimed and Tony grinned slyly at Steve.
"Meg?" Mary asked.
"I just gave you a pen," Tony said, looking at him. "Everything else was planned out by Peter, or just something that always happens on birthdays. I didn't really do anything." Steve just smiled a little, nodding. He knew that Tony hadn't easily given up his collection like he did.
"Did you have a nightmare?" Tony asked his son and felt his little head nod. "Do you wanna tell me about it?" There was no answer, Peter sniffing, hands gripping Tony's shirt. "You know, I had a nightmare tonight, too," Tony told him. Peter moved his head, peering up at him. "They get scary, don't they?" Peter nodded. "But they're just dreams, and they're not real, and if we can just open our eyes, then it all goes away." Tony wished it could be that easy. "Did Wade help you wake up?" Another nod.
Tony went for another swing around, coming in flying for a punch to the head, making Thor see stars for maybe a second. He was already raising his arm, weapons popping up, Thor ready for a swing, when a shot, and a glancing blow off the armor caught their attention.
"Had about eighteen months to get used to something that wasn't sleeping on a cot when I got out of the ice," Steve replied. "Thanks for the concern, though." Tony couldn't help but note that Steve was still holding onto his other hand. His hand was released when they made it to the elevator. "When was the last time that you got any sleep?"
“You wanted the dramatic exit,” Steve murmured to him and Tony smiled.
"No, I'm not," Tony shook his head. "You raise him, you do everything with him, and for him, and I just show up to reap the rewards. He's going to grow up thinking I'm the fun parent, or he's going to think of me as the absent parent." Mary tilted her head a little, watching Tony. This was a completely different man. "I show up a few times a month. Three out of thirty days, that's just sad, Mary."
When Natasha told him the assassin had a name, and who he was, Steve felt something heavy in his chest. From everything he heard, there was no way that he or Tony should be alive still. That didn't sit right with him. Then there was their own uncoordinated attack on the highway.
"I think I have an idea of why Peter wants to stay home, though," Mary said, a hint of mischief in her voice. Tony hummed, acting all put upon, but he wasn't as bothered as he wanted them to think. The only thing he wasn't happy about was being in 'the neighbor's' apartment, where his son was apparently staying.
"Don't," he growled, giving Steve a shake.
"Are the boys setting something on fire?" He asked, just really not feeling in the mood to talk to anyone.
"No kill order has been issued," Bucky murmured, sounding more soldier than human. Tony watched him out of the corner of his eye, picking up Jamie to burp her. Steve looked at Meg. They all saw the blank look come over his face, ready to assume a new mission.
“I’m sorry, baby,” Steve murmured against the side of her head, peppering her with soft kisses. “I’m sorry, I’ve got you now.” He started to rub her back when she started to hiccup. “Yeah, you’re okay now. Let’s go see Daddy.” She nodded a little, hands gripping his shirt tightly. Steve caught Bruce and Bucky’s eyes, nodding to them before moving back to the bedroom. He knew that Bruce would want to come and check on Tony, but it looked like the scientist was willing to wait.
"Steve, the SUV outside is yours right?" Tony looked at the blonde, and he nodded. "Great. Kid," he snapped and pointed at Meg, "Pack a change of clothes, you're staying in style tonight at whatever hotel I put Steve up in while he was staying here."
"Call me Tony, in fact, tell them that Tony Stark sent you," he continued. "Wade told us about Jackson, that he helps you. I'm assuming it's because your job doesn't exactly offer amazing health benefits."
The weather for the wedding was perfect, something that Tony and Mary had fretted about. Just a light enough breeze, not too much to drown out the voices at the ceremony. The sun was out, but too bright, fluffy white clouds lazily gliding through the sky to cover the harsh glare, but keep the day looking bright. There was no wedding party, and forty-two guests were in attendance, not including Peter and Wade who stood up front with Mary and Phil, (respectfully), each holding onto a ring. Pepper had accepted Tony's handkerchief to keep dabbing at her eyes, in an attempt to keep her makeup from running. She said that nearly everyone cried at weddings. Tony wiggled his nose when the newly-wed couple shared their kiss, swearing that he was just chasing away a sneeze. That awful burning feeling, of a sneeze, of course.
"You okay?" Tony nodded at Steve's words. With the arc reactor so close to losing the rest of its power he didn't have time make conversation. The latch swung open and he reached in, pulling out a mess of wires. "That looks, complicated."
"Blessing and a curse," Tony mumbled. "Did she sleep alright through the night, J?"
"Yeah, well, I need your help right now." Tony noted that Rhodey was sounding a bit serious.
"You must have been deep inside your mind at that point." He let Steve get a little closer to his face, most likely checking his pupils. "You were trying to get away from me, before I could pull you out of that little pit. Looked like you could have hurt yourself even more."
"Sir, I'm sorry to interrupt, but there is something that I believe would be in your best interest to see." Jarvis's voice rang in the hallway and Tony almost thanked him for distraction. Tony reached in his pocket for his phone when it buzzed with whatever Jarvis had found. There was a news clip and Tony brought it up full screen, turning the sound on.
Tony gave a little whine, turning into Steve’s side. “I was kind of hoping that you might have forgotten how long it’s been since I went there.”
“That’s different,” Tony said with a wave of his hand. “Peter would never let me forget it anyway. Neither would Mary. Do you know what I was doing a year ago?” He poked Steve’s chest a little.
"Sir, my proxim-" Jarvis was promptly cut off in the middle of his warning, and Tony's arm pulled Peter a little closer. The lights flickered again before going out, the comm in Tony's ear giving a slight static sound before going out. Someone had hit his tower with a powerful EMP.
," Tony murmured as he titled it and added Iron Man and Back In Black. "I swear, it's like he's doing this on purpose, just to drive me crazy."
"Do you know when she might wake up?" Tony interrupted. Steve nudged his arm a little, and Tony gave a little apologetic wince to the Doc.
"I was requested to make it," she told him from across the table. "I'll be watching your loose hands, Anthony." Tony scrunched up his face when she used his full name.
“Nothing in the Tower is safe,” Steve finished with a nod.
Steve’s chest was burning, he was in need of air, but he needed to get to Tony more. His gloved, frozen, fingers were grasping one of Tony’s wrists and then Tony’s other hand was shooting out and wrapped around Steve’s neck, and started squeezing. “Is there no one you save?” Tony’s eyes narrowed at him, blue eyes flashing, and his hand tightened. Steve was suddenly gasping for breath, eyes widening as ice water was pouring into his mouth and down his throat. He was drowning again, in that damned plane, and he had failed everyone, had failed to save anyone.
"Very much," she replied with a smile.
“And how many times were you kicked out for sneaking in at night to try and teach yourself?” He continued. “Until finally, Mr Streeter let you come in twice a week, only cause he didn’t wanna haf ‘ta call the cops on you. Also, cause those first several black eyes weren’t doin’ ya no favors with your Ma, or the ladies.”
"Is he disappointed?" Tony asked as he grabbed his plate and a fork. Steve tilted his head a little in question. "I was supposed to give him and Wade a fun weekend." Tony closed his eyes and took a couple of slow and deep breaths. Sentences with more than four words sometimes left him feeling out of breath.
Tony hadn't been handling things well after The Battle of New York, and she thought that maybe something was getting better between him and Steve. Steve said that Tony had talked to him, but he wouldn't say about what. Mary was glad that Steve was so loyal, protecting him, but in some ways Tony's behavior hadn't changed at all. He was still only sleeping when he passed out from sleep deprivation, staying in the workshop while Peter was in school or asleep, and only eating if she or Steve brought him something. The two men had gotten closer, and she thought she caught them kissing once. Perhaps it wasn't enough, yet. She cared about Tony, she had since Peter was just a baby. He was the father to their son, and one of her best friends.
"Still got a lot to catch you up on then," Tony replied. "Speaking of time, what time is it?"
"Good night, Tony," she smiled at him. Tony looked at her for a second, then nodded, giving a little smile. He continued upstairs, pausing between the doors to his room, and Peter's room.
Tony just sighed a little and ran his hand through his hair. "Just tired, is all. It really was a perfect day, for them. They deserve it, specially after this summer." He glanced over at the dance floor, someone starting to sweep the floor. "Everyone had fun." Pepper leaned over, rubbing the back of his neck a little with her fingers. When Tony closed his eyes, he saw a laughing blonde trying to dance, sparkling blue eyes. Everyone had fun. Tony opened his eyes again. "Now it's time to plan Peter's birthday party. Never a dull moment in my life."
"Har har, but you're not wrong." Tony opened a drawer and took out the small bottle of pain-killers he had gotten from the hospital. "But, neither is he. They'd be closer, and she wouldn't have to worry about getting Wade over here when she goes to the hospital. It would probably be a little easier on them financially, as well. Single mother and all that."
"You two can't do experiments while pregnant," Steve said to both of them as they walked down the hall. "I should haven't to tell you that."
The breath had been stolen from Steve's lungs at the news. She was alive, but in a coma. Her injuries were serious, so they didn't know how long until she woke up. Coulson didn't say it, but he knew the doctors had said it; If she woke up.
"Guess I'd better make it fun for you then," Steve called back, shooting him a little smile as he stepped into the elevator. Tony licked his lips when the doors closed, then looked down at the floor. Steve had kissed just outside of the gym, leaving Tony toeing the separation of the floors.
Steve took a deep breath, watching the sun set from the roof of the apartment building, sitting in Mary's borrowed lawn chair. He assured her that he still remembered what watching the fireworks was like, sitting in a lawn chair at the highest point you could find. Bucky would go scout out a place for them, usually not too far away, and if his Ma could get the night off, she would follow them. She always requested the Fourth off, wanted to spend the whole day with her son on his birthday, but that didn't happen too much. Steve never minded so much, Bucky was there, and his Ma always made a little cake for them to share before she left for work. He knew that she had to work, and that the night of the Fourth was always the busiest for the hospitals, for the Nurses and Doctors.
Steve stumbled a tiny bit and Tony took his arm, then leaned in to kiss him. “You were entirely unprepared for that ride, weren’t you?”
"I don't want to be rational about it," Tony grumped, slouching back a little on the couch.
"Tony, you can't fly everyone to Africa for Peter's birthday." Mary was looking between Steve and Tony at breakfast. Steve was cooking and Tony was pouring juice, and a coffee for himself. "I know he likes the zoo, but we're not going on a safari."
"Tony!" It was a different voice that shouted his name, they had sent someone else. "Tony, open your eyes." Tony growled and kicked his feet again, trying to kick up where he thought a head might be. "Tony, it's Steve! Open your eyes."
"If I don't start getting some answers-" Steve started to growl out before Loki started talking.
"Because someone else told me, and don't I feel like the fool now." Tony blew out some breath. "You swear you didn't assign her to me?"
“I will kick you out of your own Tower,” Meg warned him.
"Right, I'll take the call in the guest room." Tony pressed the journal into Steve's hands. "Read it, I’ll be back."
"Keep this up, and you boys might have a future in fashion." Tony stood up, buttoning the first button his jacket. "I think we all look good enough to go visit the bride now, what do you think?"
"Now that Peter's older, old enough to know that I'm not around as often as I used to be, he's a sad little sack of child, and it's killing me." Tony managed to pull off an epic pout that Rhodey could easily imagine on Peter's face. Like father like son. "But, that's where my genius comes into play, once more. I'm going to strike a deal with you, Papa bear-"
Jamie was burbling happily, more confident in making more noise now, and almost fell on her back when she finally pulled Steve's sock off. He put his hand behind her and let her rock herself back forward. "My toes are a lot bigger than yours," he said as he wiggled them for her to see. The sock went flying to the side, and he thought he saw it land on top of a smaller sock. One sock found, one more to go. Steve turned his head the other way then yelped suddenly when he felt little fingers pulling on one of his toes. His hand flew to his mouth, laughing at himself at the shock, and saw Jamie leaning in to examine each of his toes.
Steve nodded a little as he listened. “So, now we start trying to track her through surveillance cameras?”
“But I’m not wrong.” Tony smiled, turning on the bench to face Steve. “If you want to take over the festivities for our one year, I have no issue letting you do that. If you have no plans, then I’m sure I can come up with something.” He leaned in to kiss Steve softly. “We still have a few weeks yet, and I’ve got to search for a new school for the boys.”
Mary's husband, he would have been Dad. If he were still alive, Pete would probably be his. Mary wouldn't have walked into that bar, and she wouldn't have gone home with him, both of them drunk for two different reasons.
"You what?" He asked, turned to face Steve. The blonde's face was turning pink, but he never looked so determined, shocked, but determined.
"No, and you ain't telling her if you know what's good for you," Bucky pointed at him with his metal arm. "She's as likely to try and hit me as you are."
“Don’t call me that.” Tony sucked in a breath and jumped at the voice right behind him. Jamie looked up, letting out a happy burble towards Bucky. The man just raised an eyebrow at her and poked her hand with one finger when she held it up towards him.
“The good movies,” Peter said confidently. “Annnnnnd, characters that can be found here, so he can get a picture with them.”
That night, they’d stay up with Peter and Jamie, helping them burn off the last of the sugar rush. They’d all be wrapped in a blanket, in the big bed, a movie marathon playing. And when the kids had fallen asleep, Steve would lean over, kiss Tony slowly, tangle their fingers together until they were resting over the sleeping kids. Tony would fall asleep first, and Steve would soon follow, a small smile on his face. There’d be no nightmares that night, and they’d all get the much needed rest owed to them.
“The asshole had it coming!” Tony huffed with a pout. There were still a few lawsuits out there against George Hayes, and the press was still waiting for Tony’s big reveal about the relationship that he had promised them. He kept reassuring them that it would come, and that he hadn’t forgotten about it. He also praised them for putting in an effort when it came to Mini-Me.
"I want to hear everything," Tony told him, Peter's smile infectious. He then reached out one arm to snag Wade around the neck to pull him over to them. "I saw you trying to sneak up on me!" Wade just giggled, a little maniacally Tony thought.
“Alright, alright,” Tony said quietly. He sat up, slipping his shoes off and tossing them out the way, then pulled off his jacket. He turned, moving up a little, and was able to lay down, and curl up a little, feeling comfortably warm and covered. Tony could see how Arc would have been the perfect companion during the war when camping out in the open. Ruby climbed up, nesting in between Tony and Arc’s fur, happily purring before falling asleep. Tony pushed his face into the fur, eyes drooping shut as Arc’s warmth lulled him to sleep.
"What are you talking about?" Mary sounded confused, and Tony tried not to snort.
As he pulled the door open, he threw an arm up to cover his eyes and he started moving again. "I wonder if this counts as your first kidnapping," Tony idly wondered, quietly. He didn't want to let anyone else know where he was. There was more gunfire, and shouting, but it sounded a bit away. "I mean, this is a rescue, but you weren't taken from a safe home. This is, literally, the opposite of safe."
“This is so Cool!” Peter exclaimed, grinning and moving the light saber around in one hand, then to the next hand, trying his hardest do all the smooth movements they had seen.
"Mom and Dad are thinking about taking Peter and Wade to Disney World when school ends." Tony turned to look at her. "To give all us a little break with everything we've been dealing with." She bobbed her head back and forth a little. "They'll come talk to you about it later in detail, but, I don't think it's a bad idea."
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony snorted as he stood up from the bed, cracking his shoulders and back. "Like father, like son, huh?" He and Bruce headed back down to the lab.
"Not at all," Tony said, still looking through one of the drawers. He huffed and closed it before standing up, heading for the door. Rachel put a hand on his arm and Tony turned to face her, expecting her to tell him how selfish he was, how he should be-
Tony was about to open his mouth when Rowan let out a particularly loud burp for her size. "Ha! Tony grinned, lifting her up in his arms. "I win!"
"Weapons status?" Tony breathed out, as he jumped at Stane. The giant arm of the suit caught Tony, and started to squeeze.
"I wanna see him," Tony said with preamble.
Steve held onto Jamie, bringing her as close to his chest as he could. He didn’t like all these people in the Tower, in their bedroom, so close to Tony, and their daughter. Technically enemies. He wasn’t lying before; he wasn’t sure if Jarvis had alerted the other in house Avengers yet, or not. Her certainly would have put Mary and Coulson’s floor on lockdown at the very least. He watched as Wanda’s fingers almost danced near Tony’s temples, the red reaching out. Watched Strange’s hands hover over hers. Saw green wisps dance between the two pairs of hands, connecting their fingers with sparks. Then Tony’s body gave a jerk.
“You are too good for this world, much less me.” Tony leaned forward to kiss him gently. “Well, you can keep AIM on your own list, but they’re still pretty far down on mine. But I’ll feel better knowing you’ve always got our backs.” Steve smiled against his lips. “You’d have been proud of the boys though, they’ve been putting those lessons you and Barnes have been giving them to good use. They protected Jamie like experts.”
"You were the one who said that if you were going to have a kid, it was going to be a girl," Tony retaliated, unable to look away from the baby. She still managed to have that smell that all babies had, Tony called it that 'new-human-smell.' He vaguely remembered huffing Peter like an expo marker when he was this small. He wondered if it was just a Universal law that all babies, clones or natural, needed to small that good.
“Can’t,” Tony murmured, leaning his head back against Steve. “Was waiting for you.”
"No, wait!" Not yet, he need it open for just one more minute.
"I heard him, whoever he is," Wade said motioning towards Bucky. "He's talking about my Dad." Steve crouched down to one knee and nodded. "He made someone hurt Peter's Dad and Granma?"
"Yeah," Steve nodded a little. "Made a few friends out there, and there's one that could use the phone better than I could. You could probably get some data off of that one that looks better than mine."
. AU is AU, and I'm going with this.
"There's, uh, there's an ER half a mile that way." The two men looked over at Meg's shaky voice. "That was intense." Steve leaned over, gently patting her arms, and checking her over for any injuries. "I'm okay, just not sure that my legs are going to support me right now."
"Forty-one steps straight ahead," Tony started to say. They'd been over for days now. "Then sixteen steps, that's from the door." This was the map that they would use to get out, this was Tony's map to get back to Peter. When they were out Tony would pay to have Yinsen's family moved to wherever he wanted, he'd get them a nice house, a car, whatever he wanted. "Fork right, thirty-three steps, turn right."
Pepper tilted her head a little, looking at Tony. “You’re naming them after gemstones?” He nodded a little, never taking his eyes off of the moving eggs. “I think it’s sweet,” she told him with a smile. “Tell me the others.”
“Something about repayment,” Steve said as he darted to the back of another house, pressing himself close to a window to listen inside. “Wilson has Wade.” Tony cursed, and Steve cupped his hand around his ear as the signal started to crackle. “Tony, I’m losing you. Jarvis has my location. I’ll be back soon.”
"Weren't you helping Tony with the rebuild?" Bruce glanced at him, then went back to what he was making. "Getting the windows in on all the livable floors?"
"That's right, Petey," Tony said quietly, a tiny tremor in his voice. "Daddy's here, Daddy's got you." Mary looked at Tony, blinking when Tony claimed the title of Dad. A few silent tears rolled down Tony's cheek, sitting down on the couch to hold onto Peter, showing no sign of letting him go. "Oh, I missed you so much, I missed you everyday."
“I made some friends out there, and I found a groove,” Steve continued like Tony hadn’t said anything. But suddenly Tony was smirking.
"Anthony, I do not think-"
"You should tell your Dad about Star Wars," Steve said to Peter when the boy took a breath to actually eat.
"You boys may wanna step inside soon," Natasha said to them. "It's gonna get a little hard to breathe." Engines started to come to life when she finished her sentence, and Dr Banner's eyes widened a little. They both walked to the edge, craning their head over to look down.
"Hey there, Cap," Tony said, the picture of cool, calm, and collected. "Giving up your kitchen duty for tonight?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"Why does it matter?" Mary asked him, eyes narrowing a little. Tony took the paper out of his pocket, handing it to her.
Tony shook his head a little. It was a trap. If he breathed in too much air, he would cough again, and then he wouldn't be able to get any to his lungs, to his body. But, if he stayed like this he wouldn't get enough air to his body anyway. There was a hand gently pressing to his, lifting it and placing it on a wet, but strong chest.
Peter just nodded and continued eating happily. Steve met Tony’s eyes for a second, before they went back to their own food.
Tony wrapped his arms Peter, pulling him into a hug, kissing the top of his head. “I think, that you should ask Steve yourself. But, I also think that he’s going to love the idea.” He felt the smile spreading across his face, and a slight tingle of what could have been tears. Tony dropped messy kisses on Peter’s cheeks, pulling a little giggle from him. “I have it on good authority that he feels the same about you.” He could feel Peter’s face grow little warm, but knew that he was probably smiling. “How about you go get changed and take a shower first, yeah? He’s still going to be a bit in the bedroom, and you are a stinky boy!”
"Because, Bruce only kicks you out of his lab if you're becoming a pest about results, or you're too vested," Steve said, moving to sit up now. He grabbed Tony's hand and pulled him into a sitting position on the bed. "And it was pretty obvious that Bruce had kicked you out when you said that he was in 'ignore-the-world' mode, and you weren't with him."
Tony had pre-planned the firework show, setting up furniture up on the roof of the Tower. Coulson and Clint helped Mary to the roof, and to the outdoor couch up there. Peter snuggled up between Mary and Coulson, happily waiting for the fireworks in the sky to start. The Fitzpatrick's weren't far from their daughter and grandson, and Bruce and Clint claimed two chairs on the other side. Tony leaned against one of the power boxes as colors started to explode in the sky.
“Not too long after I woke up here, and I went with Mary to SHIELD, I was working on testing the limits of my strength. There had only been a few times in the War that I had done that, but I wasn’t actually paying attention to anything.” Steve worried at his lip a little until Tony reached over and gently tugged his lip down. “I mean, I had really only spent a few years in this new body of mine. I still felt like an awkward newborn fawn, or something. I’m so used to being the sickly little five foot nothing, under a hundred pounds, boy from Brooklyn that got in way over his head.”
"How did you know that??" She exclaimed.
"I'm sure it'd be like candy land for him," Steve said. "He's still at the hospital with Peter, but he should be back soon. He called a little bit ago and said that Rachel's looking really good. They were going to stay with her for a bit to let Coulson and Mary get a little time to get out of the hospital."
Steve had managed to destroy a punching bag, specially made to withstand his strength, then went to take a shower. He was dressing in his quarters when there was a knock on the door. Fury was standing there, looking at him. "We found a match for Loki, in Stuttgart, Germany. You're up, Captain."
"An attack just outside of Stark Industries doesn't stay quiet for long," she told him. "I'm trying to stay ahead of it, to keep Rachel and Mary's identity out of it, but there are a lot of reporters looking in to this. There are pictures of them from every smart phone within a three block radius popping up on social media, including one of you carrying Tony back into the Tower and refusing an ambulance for him."
Tony hummed and nodded as he grabbed a sauce pan. "My mom was Italian, and I fell in love with it the first time she made it for me."
"This is Jamie," Steve said, walking over to the couch so the boys could sit properly again. "Just like Rowan is Miss Meg's daughter, Jamie is mine."
Peter nodded. "A doc looked at me, then helped Daddy. They said that we're both gonna be okay."
"And he's had nearly two years to get used to songs from the future."
“It’s a good thing you’re single, or someone might be getting jealous.” Mary rolled around from behind the couch, in between the couch and the loveseat. She glanced at Steve briefly, a little smirk on her face. He just raised an eyebrow and made a pointed look at her left hand. Tony didn’t notice any of the looks.
"I feel like this should be a violation of my basic rights," Steve commented, but didn't move from his seat on the bed.
"Hello?" Oh, Poohbear did not sound happy.
Unbeta'd, don't own Marvel stuff, and don't the song that belongs to Kelly Clarkson. (link to song at the end)
"Nah, Peter went to sleep a little after nine. I didn't come down here till ten." Tony glanced around the workshop slowly. "What time did you say it was?"
"Are you trying to appease to the Italian side of my family, Rhodey?" Tony asked as he walked over to grab the box.
"Maybe not that long," Steve said after a second, realizing that she was indeed talking to him. She got out the car, slamming the door shut probably little harder than usual, and turned to face him. "Less than a minute really."
"Jarvis doesn't have much footage that we can actually use." Bruce came back over to her, handing over a Starkpad. She looked down and saw Tony cleaning up the pool room. He was in mid turn, almost as if someone had called out his name. The video blinked out a little, like a glitch, and suddenly Tony is falling back first into the water. As his body went under the water Steve was running in and diving into the pool. There was no way that Tony should have been able to reach the bottom of the pool that quickly, but it felt like an eternity before she saw them run in and Steve coming back up with Tony in his arms.
"I'm adding that to the secret list." Mary raised an eyebrow when she heard a female voice talk over the music, the song fading away.
"What were you even doing out there?" Pepper looked like she was ready to murder him with her eyes alone. Tony glanced around, not seeing Rushman, but she hadn't been on the jet with them on the way to Monaco either. Just one more person he didn't have to explain Peter and Mary, too, to keep them safe from.
"Is there something that comes after direct?" Mary asked, raising her eyebrow.
"Hey boys." He had practiced this smile in the mirror. "Having fun in Disney World?"
Steve froze for a second, looking over at Tony. The only kind of sign he could get was the little head tilt, other than that Tony’s face was blank. He wasn’t sure if he had made a mistake or not, and he wasn’t getting any clues from the man in front of him. It was also the first time he had ever heard Tony refer to her as Aunt. “Um, yes. I hope that was alright.” Steve’s face flushed a little when it hit him. “Oh! Oh, tony, I’m sorry! She hadn’t met any of the girls before. You probably wanted to do that! I’m sorry, Tony!”
"Oh no! Oh, I want to see that happen!" Tony had to lean against the couch as he laughed. "This is what your crappy music gets you!"
Tony dropped his head down a little. "Snuck this bottle up here a while ago, after you left to DC. Don't know why I did it, but I knew it was easier. Peter was in school a lot, staying down at Mary's more often than not, I was either here or in the workshop and couldn't exactly leave the Tower. Only person who would really come up here would be Pepper to get some signatures, and that's easy enough to avoid if I needed too." His eyes flickered over to the side when Steve's thumb started to rub his knuckles. "My liver is still pretty shit. I once spent an entire week, seven full days, drunk. I mean, just constantly drinking, keeping that feeling going, never sleeping longer than two hours so I could keep having drink after drink."
“Sir, I would remind you that this suit has been untested for live-“
Wanda tilted her head, looking past Steve, making him move just a little. Her brother, Pietro, stepped closer, but Wanda put a hand out. “The girl still lives,” she said, and Steve’s eyes narrowed a little. “He kept his word.” Her eyes shifted from Jamie to Tony.
He pushed himself back up and practically growled. "Now there's that guy."
"If I didn't already know your AI, I'd say it was weird that you're talking to your house." Tony whipped around when he heard Mary's voice. He staggered a step back when something slammed into his legs.
"No you're not," Steve told him quietly, but confidently.
"So, full disclosure," Tony started, "Agent and Mary are dating, relatively seriously, too." The Doctor glanced at Steve for a second, and he just motioned between to Coulson's room. Steve was actually a little happy to hear Tony going back to calling Coulson by his ridiculous nickname. "As soon as he wakes up, he's gonna wanna go see his lady love, so what are the chances that he can move from the bed?"
"By some force of miracle," the woman in question breathed out.
(See the end of the chapter for
"He's going to have his own problems to deal with, soon," Tony said, trying to throw the attention off of him. "It's not everyday that the world sees a long lost superhero come back from the dead."
" Tony's eyes widened when he heard Peter's voice. He whipped his head around to look, but nothing had changed around him. Wanda backed away then, fingers over her mouth.
"Just what we need though, one more person to look out for." Tony let out a little sigh. "I don't know if we have to worry about them coming here, though." Steve raised an eyebrow at him. "When I was escaping the compound, they caught up with me just before I got outside. I'm not exactly sure what happened, but they let me leave."
“And it’ll never leave this room,” Tony replied, smile going a little wider and Steve couldn’t help but give a little chuckle. “The kids are around, too.” Steve could read everything that Tony wanted to add after that. The kids were around, and he didn’t want them to ever think that he didn’t love them, didn’t want them to think that he wouldn’t do everything for them. He wanted to be the parent that he never had, to make sure that they felt comfortable, and never doubted if Tony was being sincere with them or not. Especially since Peter, and Wade, were becoming old enough now that they might see Tony doing interviews, or some of his older stuff, and they would be able to tell right away that Tony’s public persona was not how he acted at home.
Tony rubbed the back of his head, wincing a little. "Well, kind of." He took a breath. "There's really going to be no easy way to say or explain this." Steve glanced up at him. More than anything he just wanted to grab Steve and start kissing him, wrap him up, get back to the Tower, and never let him out of his sight again. He wanted to forget about Hydra, about the visions that he saw, and what he was forced to make.
Tony closed his eyes as he flew through the Leviathan, blowing it up from the inside, and he didn't want to think about how much cleaning the suit was going to need. There was a faint blue glow behind his eyes.
"Tony? Are you alright?" Yup, he was still there, still listening.
Tony swallowed. "I should tell you, that if anything happens to me, Peter gets everything," Tony told him. "I guess, at this point it would go to him, and then to Mary because Peter's too young, but that would go to you and Rachel until she wakes up. It's all set up like that, dozens of lawyers making sure it's ironclad."
Tony gasped when those same sharp things were pushing into his skin, then started to drag down, like scalpels cutting down towards his fingers. His mouth opened in a silent scream when he felt the cuts sliding down his middle fingers. They lifted, but then were poised at the base of his index fingers, the process repeating. Each finger was sliced, and tears had started to collect at the corners of his eyes.
Tony sneered. "Yeah, I got that. Plan-"
"A lot," the blonde answered with a grin.
"No worries," Bruce assured him. "I can always send over the scans, too. I'd almost rather he stay in one place than keep moving around, makes him much less of a target right now."
"You can't eat me!" Peter tried again. "I'm not food! I'm a boy!"
"I'll be back in a little bit, okay?" Peter nodded and Tony kissed his forehead. "Then we'll head back to the Manor once all our business is sorted."
Tony nodded. "You know where the key is." Tony took Peter from Bruce's arms, the little boy putting his head against Tony's shoulder, eyes mostly closed. Steve grabbed his shield, and the trio was off, headed back to the Manor.
You're all amazing though, and I love you!
"What do you mean?" Steve asked carefully, leaning forward.
"Yeah. Family is important."
"Okay, yeah, but doesn't mean that I won't find something else!"
"At least you were there," Steve told him. "You could have given up altogether." Tony hummed and nodded a little. "Then, I guess we learn together, on a lot of things."
"That sounds like the Steve Rogers approach to parenting. Anal Retentive Trying." Steve didn't try to keep his grin off his face that time. Bucky pushed his arm and stepped back. "Fine, we'll be up there. I'm not going to promise the safety of you other teammates though if they try to corner us again."
“Why do you get the big bed??” Steve chuckled as Peter cried out, the two obviously getting into a pillow fight.
"He fell asleep a little before I did, so about two hours." Tony held the door open for him and they went for the elevator. "I would think that he should be ready to wake up anytime. I'm willing to bet that if you put a Wade within ten feet of him-"
"That's what I was trying to go for, I think." He rubbed at one side of his temples. "Put in microwave to activate."
"This," Steve touched the top of the leather bound book with two fingers. "The only thing that changed after reading this, was how strong I see you. What was planned for you, what they were doing, and to see where you are now? To be able to be here with you? That's what really matters."
Tony stood by the newly installed glass (glad that he could finally take down the plastic after having to wait over the weekend), a glass in his hand, staring outside as the night lights of the city started to go out, the sun giving enough light to wake up the city in full force. He tensed for a second when he heard a footstep behind him, but relaxed again when Mary came up next to him.
"Not a half bad idea," Steve told him. "Thanks, Tony. I appreciate the offer."
Tony let Peter sprawl over his chest, palm firmly over the arc reactor and his fingers curling a little. He was half asleep, but his eyes weren't closed all the way, and Tony let his hand rub gentle circles on his back. "I'm going to redo the penthouse," he said quietly, and Peter shuffled his head a little to look at Tony. They were back down in the workshop, on the couch, where they had been napping earlier in the day. "There's going to be a lot more room."
"If our intel is right, it's located in DC." She looked at Steve. "We’d have better luck if we moved the operation to the Triskelion."
“I’m sure there are a number of things you should know,” Tony quipped, closing his eyes, hand resting on Jamie’s stomach as she tried to pull her shoes off. “Quit that, trouble-maker.”
"Are you sure that this is okay, Mr Stark?" She looked back at Tony, and Steve could see some shock in her eyes. She must have just found out that Tony Stark was the same as Peter's father Tony.
"Sounds like you're going to have your hands full," Tony said, taking another sip of coffee. The visiting alpha shows that the previous offer is appreciated. He has no want to take over her claim. Steve shook his head a little. Perhaps he should stop falling asleep with the animal channel on.
"Gah! Dammit woman!" Tony threw his arms up in the air. "First Steve, then Mary, now you??"
Tony grinned as it started to come together. He wrapped his hands around the small sphere, the atom, then threw them out, spreading his arms. The two scientists were bathed in a blue glow, Tony grinning. "J?"
"You don't sound too excited about him going on a vacation." Steve said as he kissed along Tony's jaw. "Are you upset that you aren't going to be the first one to take him there?" Steve hadn't been to Disney World yet, either, he knew it could be different with a parent and their child.
“I don’t think I could pull off the same look,” Steve said with a small chuckle, catching the smile on Tony’s face. He always got that soft, almost shy, smile when Steve and Peter interacted. “If it’s alright though, I’ll go with you guys. We can all get a haircut at the same time.”
“You’re more than welcome to come see what’s up,” he answered as he hopped down the stairs. He didn’t look back to see if she was following, but saw Vee hop up to the Eevee Table. Tony blinked when he realized what had happened.
"Isn't it? Peter picked it out for me last Christmas." Pepper snorted softly and kissed Tony's cheek.
Gunshots and explosions were above him, so he knew that he was underground, but now he ran into the problem of getting out without some of the soldiers doing a double-take. "Why does this place have to be made out of concrete in all the wrong places?" He muttered. There was a tug on his shirt and he looked down to see blue eyes staring up at him. "These are not the type of people we want seeing your good looks, sweetheart. Help me find a way out, yeah?" He ducked down underneath a desk when he heard boots running towards them. Six soldiers ran by, carrying several large containers that Tony didn't have enough time to look through.
I'm so happy by the reception to this story! You guess me go 'D'awwwww'.
“I’m pissed because they exposed my boyfriend to the public.” Steve sighed and shook his head. Tony reached over, gently scratching his beard. “Means that goes away sooner than we’d like.”
' Tony jumped a little bit, looking at Steve, amusement practically burning in his eyes. '
Tony held out his hand, asking permission to use the pen, and Steve put it in his palm, smirking a little internally. Did this count as handing something to Tony, again? Tony held out his arm and placed the top of the pen to his shirt. The rectangle on the pen lit up, showing the color of Tony's shirt, and the tip of the pen clicked out. "You now have the color of my shirt at your use." Tony grinned at the pen. He placed the end against Steve's skin, and the screen lit up again, changing to his skin color.
Obie put his arm around Tony's shoulders, leaning in so only they could hear. "Tony, who do you think locked you out? I was the one who filed the injunction again you." Tony thought that his face had gone pale, the blood rushing from his face at the words. "It was the only way I could protect you."
Tony looked at Rhodey, his expression serious, no room for error, no misinterpretations. "You are the only one allowed to use the suit." Rhodey blinked. "I trust you, Rhodes, whole-hearrtedly. And I won't let any other person into this suit." Tony turned back to the Mark II, putting a hand on the chest piece. "This suit, it's a weapon in their eyes, and they'll use it in ways I never want to see it used. I'm trying to destroy the Merchant of Death, but I can't if i think for even a second if I'm going to be manipulated, again." Tony tried not to think of Obidiah.
"Of course, Sir," Jarvis' voice echoed from his watch as he took the stairs two at a time. At the fifth floor he was informed that the elevator would be waiting for him up on Seven.
"Twins sleep better when they're together for the first several months, and do you see anywhere else to put a second one?" Meg said, walking to the kitchen to put the covered dish in the fridge.
"Alright, I'll make you a deal, Petey-boy," Tony said, and all three occupants on the bed looked at him. "I'll let you and Wade stay here to catch up with Agent, and I'll put away your stuff, but you both have to help put dishes in the dishwater for dinner, okay?"
“I actually thought you would have said less,” Tony hummed as they walked out of the room, following behind Peter.
"To be fair, Captain America is a pretty upstanding person." Steve grinned at Tony, before looking back down at Rowan in his arms. "Steve Rogers on the other hand-"
Tony quickly turned around again. He gasped when a hand grabbed the back of his neck, throwing him forward, plunging his head in water. He tried to hold his breath, but he had had too little warning. Water made its way into his mouth, down his throat, and he tried to stop, but he started coughing, more water shooting down his throat, quickly losing his remaining oxygen.
"Don't say stuff like that." He made a face as he looked at the diaper. "I'm getting cloth diapers tomorrow."
There was a pause on the phone. "Tony?" Her sleepy voice echoed through the workshop. "What time is it?"
“I wasn’t the one in a coma,” Tony interrupted. “I wasn’t the one stabbed by Loki. Got away with a couple busted suits, minimal concussion, and a sprained wrist, which is functioning back at ninety percent now. I got off relatively unscathed compared to others, compared to those that didn’t come back.”
Whatever it was, whatever had passed into him with that scepter, it took his worst fears and gave them life. It played with him, then gave him a solution, just within his grasp, but with a price. It tested you to see how far you were willing to go, and it knew how far Tony was willing to go now to keep Peter safe. Tony had shown it his weak points, and it was relentless in its attacks. Even as Tony fought he could hear the whispers, could see the images of Peter in his mind, saw Tony, older, as Howard; and it told him that none of that would happen if he only accepted the power they offered him.
"What were you thinking!" The car had barely started moving before Pepper had started yelling at him. After what had happened, they weren't going to stay longer in Monaco. Happy and Pepper picked up Tony from the prison, where had talked to his mystery assailant, Vanko apparently, and Mary and Peter were already back at the jet. Now that Tony was no longer bristling with the anger for the Russian man, he was antsy. He wanted to hold onto Peter, to know that he was alright, to know that he was safe.
Tony jumped back as the man cut through the burning car, pushing him closer to the fence. "Pepper gave me this!" Mary shouted again, pulling up a red suitcase. Bless Pepper and Happy. Tony jumped up on the fence, climbing up as far and as quickly as he could. Mary tossed the suitcase, Tony reached out for the handle, and the fence was suddenly falling backwards as a whip sliced through the links.
"Well, I know what will help you get to sleep then. Jarvis, if you could?"
"No one can keep Tony under constant surveillance," Mary commented. Pepper noted her casual use of Tony's first name, and it seemed that she was starting to put things together. "Today has no connection to what happened almost three years ago." Mary just wanted all of this to be over. There was a tangled knot in her stomach that she just couldn't shake, and she didn't like it.
Someone tried to grab his hands and he pushed back at them. No, he couldn't let this happen, he needed to keep Peter safe! He couldn't protect Mary, he needed to protect Peter!
Tony hummed a little. "Avengers meeting time." Steve nodded, grabbing the little glass to fill with water so he could rinse his mouth. "Bruce said he'd probably have some test results ready early afternoon, too."
"That's why you found her." Bucky nodded. "I've read some of the files.... How did you get away form them?"
"He still has work," Tony told him. "He'll still have to leave the Tower."
"We know who you are," the woman spoke first. There was Mary's fiery spirit. "I think that everyone in the world knows who you are now."
They did battle a little longer as they ate the malt, and Steve practically fought him to pay the bill. It wasn’t until Steve reminded him that he had his own bank account, and that he was pretty sure that Peter and Jamie weren’t going to use all that money for college.
"It's cold, and now Tony Stark is coming."
"As long as they can get a stable version of the serum to work on human DNA," Bruce interjected. "They barely had something stable with the animals."
Tony drummed his fingers on the table. He didn't like it. Pulling out his phone, he checked his messages, and Jarvis brought up the orders to show that they were moving Meg to a hospital in New York, and would likely be there for another day of observation before being discharged.
“Did you steal that pokeball?” Howard accused his son, turning his attention back to the little boy. “You know you aren’t supposed to go into the lab unless I’m here. And you’re forbidden from looking through classified items.”
“Sorry, baby,” Steve pressed a gentle kiss to his temple. “I don’t wanna wait too long though. You shouldn’t have used the suit.”
"I know! It's gross when old people kiss!" Clint had slipped in the room and nabbed Peter around the waist, spinning them around once. "It's like they're eating each other’s faces!"
Steve put a hand on top of Peter’s head from behind. “Bucky, this is Peter, Tony and Mary’s son. Come on in guys, the food still has a little bit of time to cook, but I’m sure that Peter can keep us entertained. What do you say, Petey?”
“Fine!” Tony let out a breath. “It doesn’t count.” He pointed a finger at Bucky, that Jamie reached out to take in her hands. “But, she better not add in those last consonants until after she says my name.” Meg snorted as her phone started to ring. Tony turned his gaze to her and she just gave him an innocent smile in return as she picked up her cell.
“All Handlers need to be proficient in combat,” Bucky filled in.
"Still dealing with my own Daddy issues, thanks Howard," Tony muttered and rubbed circles on Peter's back. "But, I'm trying, and I gotta think, that maybe, that counts for something. Right?" Tony looked back at Mary, the question in the air, the question in his eyes, lingering inside of him.
“I told you have they protected her two weeks ago, right??” Tony sat up a little, making Steve move with him, but smiled. “They both totally took that sibling stance. ‘No one can pick on her, cause we’re the only ones who can do it.’ Made my concussed head melt at the sight.” Steve’s hand gently rubbed the healing cut on the back of his head where some glass had cut. “Yeah, it’s an actual crime that she hasn’t met her Uncle Rhodey yet, and that Peter has seen Uncle Fly-boy in a while. He’s secretly replacing you with another fly-boy,” Tony stage whispered the last sentence. “Steve brought back his own Air Force guy. And he’s black!” Steve frowned, hitting Tony’s arm lightly.
But, Tony thought he didn't really have to worry about that at the moment. Jarvis was still running the equations for different elements to replace palladium, but so far there was nothing even close. It didn't mean that Tony was giving up, not by a long shot; he planned on being around for Peter, and Mary, but Tony was a futurist. And if he didn't find something soon, Tony wasn't going to have a future. Why drag someone else down with him in some kind of relationship, only to possibly break their heart? Not worth it.
“I’m lucky to have kept Peter out of the spotlight as long as I did, so we just need to reaffirm that cameras are not to approach him, but it’s not secret. And I’ve never hidden the fact that I’m bi,” Tony pointed out. “I need to talk to Steve about this tonight, though.”
"He was following you last week, and he was following us two days ago," Steve told her, and her face paled a little.
"Eat, Daddy," Peter said with a smile, waving the little fork. "Birfday pancakes!"
He heard Arc huff and turned the other way. Vee was not happy, so Steve wrapped an arm around her to hold her. Something made a little moan, turning in Arc’s fur. Tony. And Ruby. Tony was sleeping against his Arcanine. He tilted his head a little, looking at the genius. He was dressed down, probably falling asleep as soon as he got off the jet, and his face looked peaceful. Soft and relaxed for probably the first time that Steve had ever seen it. He caught Arc’s eyes who looked comfortable enough, especially with Ruby sleeping on the top of his head.
Loki tilted his head at Tony, then smirked, and Tony felt a little sliver of dread. "Then I will simply have to get to your mind." Tony frowned, and tried to jerk back before the point of the scepter was suddenly at his temple. All he saw was blue and a small voice in his ear before everything faded.
"Neither am I," Steve said evenly. "He's got the same blood on his hands as Loki does. Right now, we've got to put that aside and get this done, to get Peter back." He watched Tony, watched the man glance to the wall where the blood still was. "Now, Loki needs a power source, if we can put together a list-"
“We won’t be here for lunch!” Tony called out causing Mary and Steve to raise an eyebrow. “I’ve got plans before the party and fireworks. I’m taking Steve away from here.”
“Oh yes,” Bucky said with a smug look.
Tony was chewing on the inside of his cheek at Wade's words. He wondered how bad the boys Mom was, what kind of cancer she had, and if she should really be out and about. He was glad that he hadn't sent her out alone, and the volunteers would have called if something had happened. But in the morning Tony wanted to talk to her, he could help her.
Jarvis was constantly scanning the area as Tony flew closer, then pinged on the outside of the barrier. "The disruptor has a twenty foot radius," he told them. He could see all the cars on the street that were still parked, and the cars that he been driving down the street and died as soon as they hit the energy field. "It can kill a car, so keep the Jet away."
“Speaking of,” Steve said, motioning over towards Peter. The boy was motioning with his arm, Jamie once again on her feet and holding onto Peter, for Tony to come over and take his place. “I think that it’s time to play it up for the cameras.”
"He's done that to me a couple of times," Steve told him as he pulled off his shoes and socks next. Tony watched Steve in the mirror, smirking a little. His next move was usually pretty humorous to watch. Steve slid open the shower door, frosted glass today because Jarvis liked Steve more than Tony apparently, then swiftly pulled his shorts and underwear off and hopped in the shower at the same time. One day Tony would get Jarvis to quit frosting the glass doors.
Jarvis let the ding of the elevator reach him, stirring him from his thoughts, and he straightened his tie a little, before quickly pulling it off and shoving it in a drawer of the bar. He unbuttoned the top button of the black dress shirt, slipping the envelope in the pocket of the gray vest he wore and headed towards the elevator.
"I'm going to need time." Tony needed Banner for his arc reactor. And Tony needed time with Peter.
Tony made a motion with his hand for Jarvis, and he heard the call pick up on the speaker overhead. "Tony?"
"Have you ever been drunk?" Mary asked with a raised eyebrow.
"Then don't take my stuff," Tony shot back, the face plate lifting.
“I gotta be strong for mom,” Wade mumbled.
"Oh my god, are you okay?!" She moved forward a little, knowing that Coulson would take care of Peter, no matter how much she wanted to keep him with her. She couldn't let him get hurt anymore though.
"You've foiled my plans!" Tony exaggerated his movements, trying to reach around Mary to get to Peter. "I can't tickle him anymore!" Peter was giggling, grinning, face red as he caught his breath. "I guess that means that we have to go eat breakfast. And then, was there something else?"
“Peter might need glasses in a year or so,” he told him, finishing the food then leaning over and stealing Jamie from him, successfully this time. He set her down in his lap, holding onto her hands. “I know that kids can get weird about needing glasses, so I’m trying to head off the possibility of a big negative reaction.”
"Are you meeting someone for lunch?" Steve asked suddenly. This was something that he usually would never do, something that Tony would do honestly, but he was tired of eating all his meals by himself. After nearly two weeks traveling, he had found all the good spots to eat, and for once he'd like some company. He never had to worry about eating alone, or even in silence, back in at Tony's Manor.
Woooooo! Thank you all again!
"Who gets fed cherries." Tony nodded and she smiled. "Now, I've checked with my Doctor, if I don't eat like, three hundred of them in a week, it's not unhealthy to the babes. So, maybe you should do a round while pregnant, and a round not-pregnant."
"It really wasn't my best, I'm slipping. I blame the kids, and Captain Sad Eyes."
"The only disappointing thing in here is the scum in front of me," Steve growled out. "I would get out of here if you know what's good you, and it would be wise if those loose lips suddenly figured out how to stay closed." Steve grabbed George's collar this time, pulling him back to open the door, and shoved him outside. Steve slammed the door shut, locking it, letting out a breath. He turned around to see both Tony and Rachel looking at him, the former with a look of shock, and the latter with a pleased smirk.
“I’m a little surprised that you’re doing a vacation for your birthday,” Mary said, sitting down next to Tony’s head on the bed, looking down at him. “Do you even know what a vacation is?”
"In Ohio," Tony answered, eyes still on the Starkpad. To be fair, he hadn't started keeping tabs on Steve until day two, and that was because Peter had asked about him. "This is atrocious," he muttered. "What kind of travel playlist is this?" Bruce raised an eyebrow at him. "He's listening to Mandy Moore!"
"That's Vega," Peter told her. Mary point to another one. "That's Altair. Polaris is over there," he said as he moved his arm. The night sky had been projected in Peter's room.
His hands reached for the handle down to his workshop and pushed it open quickly, flying down the stairs. In retrospect he was lucky that he hadn't tripped. He reached for the workshop door, but it didn't budge. He growled then looked at the scanner, pressing his thumb hastily to it. He had put this in for something like this. If he had been too drunk, or incapacitated in some way, if he shouldn't be in the workshop for his own safety, then he wouldn't be able to get in. Jarvis couldn't override this, unless it was an emergency.
Tony had had time to think while making his flight overseas, boosting the suit as far as he dare push it, having put a new palladium core in, just in case. He had chugged an entire forty ounces of chlorophyll before suiting up as well, just to be at peak performance. He was going to take this asshole down. He hurt Mary, he hurt his son, and he hurt Tony. Tony Stark did not take that lying down.
"Jarvis, where's Tony?" Steve asked as he got onto the elevator.
He moved from his doorway, leaning next to Mary's father. The older man glanced at him, and Steve instantly knew that this man had served, there was some kind of military look that passed, before he nodded, transferring Tony's care to Steve. Steve took one of Tony's hands, then gently guided his forehead to rest against Steve's chest. "You're doing great, Tony. Listen to my breathing, match the rhythm. In through the nose when I go up, out through the mouth when I go down. In, and out." He started to guide Tony's breathing.
"In a coma." Tony froze. Everything in his body just stopped working. Tony looked at Coulson, really looked at him, and he knew it was true. He could see the slight redness around Coulson's eyes, the worry lines pulling at the corner of his eyes, the tense stance. Oh gods.
"Tony," Steve frowned but Tony was waving it off. "I kind of do know him," Steve confessed, and it was now or never. "It's Bucky, the Winter Soldier is Bucky Barnes." Tony stared at him. He made very deliberate movements then, getting a mug, and pouring his coffee into it. "Tony?"
"Yeah? I remember some of the jokes that you told me," Tony said, smiling at him. Peter's fingers traced the circles of the arc reactor.
"I have Peter," Coulson reassured him immediately. "He's safe, I'm not going to let him out of my sight." Tony closed his eyes a little, letting out a breath of relief. “But, we need that engine running again."
"Sir," Jarvis interrupted Tony and Bruce's conversation. "There's activity on Captain Roger's playlist."
"You are an evil man, Steve Rogers."
Steve's eyes widened when he saw the kid pull the stunt, like it wasn't dangerous at all. Tony must have felt the same way. "They're inseparable at school, because apparently Wade spends a lot of time in detention for, inventive, stunts."
"You think I'm going to take chances like that?? I'm not about to find myself stuck in the first fifteen minutes of a Supernatural episode."
"No need to sneak that in, it's true and you know it." Tony kissed her knuckles a little. The red head looked unimpressed, but didn't pull her hand away. "You're also the best chance we have at pulling Barton away from Agent's room. He'll try to hide away in there."
"Loki's going to drag this out," Steve said, looking over at Thor. "So, Thor, what's his play?"
The room exploded with shouting and moving, Thor grabbing Loki's arms and pulling him back, shoving him up against the opposite wall, Steve shouting Tony's name and lunging towards Tony, Fury and Hill each drawing their weapons to point at Loki, who had started to actually giggle. Tony gasped, then felt the burs dig in around his lips, fine silver points easily sinking into the skin. Pain flared up and he felt Steve's hands catching his arms, holding him up.
Steve was in the kitchen working on dinner, Jamie in a jumping device that let her wander around while Steve kept an eye on her. He heard the front door open as Tony and Peter came back and saw Jamie's head perk up too.
"Of course I do," Tony said smiling back at him. "I want everyone who comes here to see your stuff. Cause then when they ask who made it I get to say, 'Why, that was made by my amazing son, Peter!'" Tony put on an exaggerated posh accent, stretching out his arm in show. "'Yes, I know, 'tis amazing and much better than anything that your six-year old could make. Sell it? Why I could never part with something that is considered priceless to me!'" Peter had started giggling, and it soon turned into a full bellied laugh as Tony continued with his silly voice. Tony couldn't help but grin down at his son, pressing his face to Peter's neck and blowing a raspberry, making him squeal with laughter this time
When Mary let go she quickly unlocked the door to the apartment and ushered Tony in. He set the box down and Mary went around turning on lights. "I'm sorry if it's really late," Tony said quietly. A little part of him wanted to wake up Peter, but another part of him, a new more responsible part of him, knew that Peter needed to sleep. "I guess, I just couldn't help myself."
"Thank you, Tony," Steve said before Tony could continue in his rambling. "You didn't have to."
"I'm not cranky," she mumbled under her breath. She turned and picked up the mug that held the coffee, and held it in offering. Tony eyed the mug carefully, then started to inch forward before he was in front of her. He took a sniff and accepted the mug, making a pleased sound at the first drink. "I'm sorry your boyfriend didn't tell you I was pregnant."
“Daddy?” Peter looked up when the two men walked in, getting up and scrambling over to them, wrapping his arms around Tony’s waist. “Is everything alright?”
"I'm sorry," Tony panted out, sliding out of the bed, stumbling on his feet. He couldn't breathe. "Sorry, I'm sorry," he kept repeating, looking around the room. Where was he? He couldn't remember. Blue walls, drawings all over. Peter, this was Peter's room. Tony's head whipped around, looking for the little boy, but didn't see him. "Peter," Tony panted, stumbling past Rachel, heading for the door. He didn't hear the woman calling his name behind him. He needed to find Peter.
“Mary,” Steve said with a choked off chuckled. “He helped save the world, and Tony may or may have told me it’s okay to just keep calling him Bruce.”
He heard the baby give another whimper and Tony opened his eyes. They had created a child, it was living, breathing, moving, in front of him. And they wanted him to use it like a piece of trash, make it into another tool for them. No matter how Tony felt about the science of clones, they had created life, and this was a part of Steve. He wasn't going to let them doing anything to her.
"The one that blew up," Bruce stated, more than asked.
"It could be for all we know," Clint grumbled out. He still held his bow in his hand, poised for a fight if he needed it. Natasha turned, forcing his shoulder with hers, and they both left.
" It was the same voice from the Chitauri attack, the same smile that always looked like it was filled with dark blood. "He'll be pleased that you came to Him."
“And quiet, you’re forgetting to say quiet.”
"Okay, well, that's what the Iron Man armor runs off of, Arc Reactor tech," Tony told him.
Only a few moments later, Tony was going down the stairs to the workshop, punching in his code, and pushing the door open. "Jarvis, you up down here?"
Clint and Natasha were up front, and Bruce was secluded to the side, his headphones on, trying to unwind from a Code Green. Steve and Tony were on their own with the unhappy baby. Tony glanced at his sight-for-sore-eyes boyfriend and made a decision. "Let me try something."
"The action wouldn't go unnoticed, or unappreciated, Sir," Jarvis spoke up and Tony rolled his eyes fondly.
"Where'd you get that arm? Hmm?" Tony spoke, knowing that the others would hear him now. "Please tell me you didn't get it from HammerTech."
"Tony, he did something to you back at the battle," Steve started and Tony narrowed his eyes a little. Traitor! "You didn't act like the others, though."
“Seems like it would just make sense,” Tony said with a little shrugs, trying to stay casual about it. “Julie’ll be in the hospital for nearly a week this time, so he should just have his own room with us. Plus, there’s some kind of kid friendly art market some or other happening upstate. Should be relatively paparazzi free, for the most part.”
"It's not like I can't stop back over to my place to get some clothes." Tony's nose wrinkled a little, Peter really wanted to stay here, and apparently there was a reason, and going back over to the mansion wasn't like it was required. He could take Peter with him when he got his stuff, and they could say hi to Dummy, Butterfingers, and U, then. Those three bots honestly adored his little boy, and that always warmed his heart. Tony would just have to be careful, to always have his hat and sunglasses by the door, just in case. Not that he really planned on seeing anyone while they were there.
Steve had taken him on a tour of the Avengers floors last month, after one of the training sessions, so Bucky knew where to go to grab a spare set of sweat pants, socks, and a tee for Steve. He dropped them on a bench, then took a seat. Old memories came back to him every so often, and lately a lot of them were of Steve, before the serum. He and Meg had managed to find a system where he was able to almost meditate, without actually meditating, and unlock his old memories. As he did that though, he was remembering things from the Winter Soldier, and now they needed to work on a system where he could start to come to terms with what he did, what he was forced to do. Bucky needed to work on starting to forgive himself as well.
“Just the way you like it, huh?” Tony asked, taking his own spoon to get his own share from the top of the malt. He bit his lip when he felt Steve’s ankle start to wrap around his own. “Never said that old fashioned was a bad thing.”
Tony was able to ignore the horrible thought in the back of his head since the first time that he saw Captain America, in the flesh. At least until the battle was over, and Loki was in custody.
"Yeah!" Peter put his arms up in victory. "Mr Steve, will you be here for my birthday?"
"Yeah," he said softly, tearing his eyes back up to the man. "Yeah, I'd do anything for my son." The man's eyes widened a little, and Tony smiled softly. "Got a six-year-old waiting for me at home. I'd really rather be back there with him, than here dealing with that," he said with a motion to the crowd outside. Tony stood up, reached inside his waistcoat and pulled out a card. "My private line is on the back of this one," he said as he leaned forward to slip the card in the pocket on the front of the man’s shirt. "I'll be working on different projects all over the city, state even, and I always need good security. Give me a call, we'll get something worked out." The man just blinked, speechless, but managed a nod. Tony gave him a little smile and went back over to Pepper and Steve.
“Evelyn seems excited this morning,” Pepper called out, and Tony just smiled with a shrug.
"There's no way they would have been able to replicate the exact serum that Erskine made, so the next best bet would have been to just make another Steve," Tony said with a little nod, taking in the information. Jamie took one of Steve's fingers, as if she could sense that he was a little agitated. He flashed her a smile, one that only grew when she answered with her own smile. "Even with Howard there to point them in the right direction, his notes wouldn't have-"
"It's almost as if someone came down to the workshop and dragged me to my bedroom." Tony shot Steve a glare over his mug. Steve just smiled.
"Oh, it work," Tony muttered. "It works so well, that's it killing me."
“We absolutely can. Let’s dish about why you’ve been working on so many different suits.” Tony let out a groaned and leaned back, slouching down on the couch. “We both know that you would have fought Steve more on coming here if there wasn’t something happening.”
"You're cheeky," Tony accused.
"Dadddddddy," Peter whined when he couldn't get past Tony. Tony was talking quietly with someone outside, and Steve was curious. Tony peered over his shoulder, smirking at Peter, then moved as he opened the door.
"It is to me, and I've got no work crews," Tony kept going. "I've sent them all off to help rebuild around the city, still on the clock. And I've spoken with Pepper, and we've already rerouted a lot of funds to go towards rebuilding and volunteer efforts. The Expo Venues have been refitted to house those who lost their homes, or who can't get to their homes right now. We've got soup kitchens and food pantries coming as well to make sure that they get food. With the exception of the Expo, it's all done anonymously. The donations will show up in the expense reports at the end of the quarter, for those that like to try and check the spending of big businesses, but I don't care about the publicity. It's all about getting the city back on its feet again."
"A month??" Tony exclaimed. "And in the meantime that just gives them another month to keep working on their experiments, possibly torturing people with their unstable science!"
“Your Papa is so considerate,” Pepper said as she cooed at Jamie in her lap, ignoring Tony. “Dressing you in an outfit that I picked out. He’s a good man, yes he is.”
"Is this a submarine?" Steve asked. When he had arrived they had just stayed in the water. It wouldn't be out of place for a carrier to be in the water, for SHIELD to have a mobile base.
"I can't comment on something that isn't already public knowledge," Tony told them, prompting raised voices. "All you need to know is that a group of us came together to defend New York, to defend the world, and we'll do it again, if and when the time comes. Now, I must ask, are there any other questions not related to my son, Iron Man, Captain America, or the Avengers?" Tony wanted them to talk about the rebuilding effort. That was too much to ask though.
Tony felt utterly exhausted, in every single way. He wished that he could just ignore everything, bury himself in his workshop until he passed out from exhaustion and got some sleep, let others deal with everything on their plate. But he couldn't, he knew he couldn't. This was rapidly becoming an Avengers problem, and they needed to put a stop to all of this before it got even more out of hand. It wouldn't be long until the government was knocking on their door, and Tony knew that a lot of the blame would be coming his way. He was the government’s favorite scapegoat.
"But, I thought that Boba Fett was a bounty hunter," Steve said with a little frown. He had only seen one of the Star Wars movies so far. Tony kept telling him to wait, that he was going to make a big night out of it, because the movies had to be done in style. "Don't only Jedi has light sabers?"
Wade was frowning heavily, confused, but upset. "My Dad did this? He attacked Peter's Granma?"
“I’m sorry,” he said, catching the attention of the Eevee. “You just looked so lonely, and you must have been in the ball for so long. He’s not around, and I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to remind you. You must be so sad.” Eevee lost her defensive stance as he talked, tilting her head a little. “I just wanted to play with you, maybe try and cheer you up.” He bit his lip, trying not to cry. He didn’t want her to feel like she had been abandoned, or forgotten. Didn’t want her to feel like no one cared, like he sometimes felt with his parents….. Like he felt with his Dad. Tony sniffed and quickly wiped at his eyes when he felt the wetness building. He couldn’t cry, because Stark men didn’t cry.
Once they had crossed the bridge it didn’t take too long to get out to the apartment building. Tony and Steve had decided that it would be easier for Steve to take Peter through the apartments to get their stuff, and Tony would go with Wade to the hospital. The hospital was only a couple minutes away from the apartments so Tony and Wade would most likely be back by the time Steve and Peter were done. Tony leaned back to kiss Peter's head when he and Steve got out of the car, waiting until they were inside before heading to the hospital.
"You remember when Daddy said it would be a good idea to buy a few boxes of cupcake mix?" Peter nodded. "This is why. Everything's alright, but we should probably, most definitely, open some windows."
“Hello, Evelyn my dear. Who did you bring with you today?”
Mary and Coulson were the first agents inside the room after blowing the lock, Pepper behind them. Everyone drew their weapons, her senses on high alert. They saw a suit there, off to the side.
Tony slowed his movements a little. He hadn't thought of a way to tell her about what happened yesterday. He was still a little shaken just thinking about it. "Uh, well, it went well." Mary looked at him, eyebrow raised. "We haven't even spent that much time together for you to know if I'm full of shit or not."
“I’m putting an embargo on entering my head,” Tony decided. “You people are already driving me crazy.”
"He was going to kill, Tony!" She shouted back, getting on the defensive.
"We are capable of not dying when Mom and Dad are gone having fun." Coulson stared at Tony. "Ouch, Agent, that look, it hurts. You need to cut that out, you're the new step-dad to our son."
“I’m unbelievably relieved to hear that.” Steve stripped off the top of his uniform and Bucky could see the bits of exhaustion in his shoulders. He remembered seeing the same set in a much smaller body, something that had followed up on the heels of breathless coughing, sleepless nights, and too much ignoring his limits. Their team had been going out and searching for stolen relics and artifacts from SHIELD and destroying Hydra bases. Bucky was more than happy most of the time to let them go out as he was still working on his memories, and he and Meg figuring out how to actually get the Winter Soldier under control.
He stopped, leaning his back against the wall, crossing his arms in front of him. "He told me he loved me." Mary's eyes widened a bit as she looked at him. "Really, I think the timing could have been better, but I asked him to move in with me first, and that was horrible timing first." Tony looked up at her, but she could see his eyes dancing in excitement. "Then your mom calls, and he comes by, and does this just, sickeningly romantic thing. I mean, really, he can't be human with some of the stuff he does."
“Feels pretty good, doesn’t it?” Steve asked softly with a smile. “The not being alone part.”
"Cool!" He hurried off to his room, completely ignoring Jamie. Steve and Tony agreed to let it go for a couple of days, as long as he wasn't actually mean to her, and then they would try getting Peter to interact with Jamie more.
“You think this has something to do with Wilson?” Steve nodded grimly at Tony’s question. “Be careful, take a comm unit.” Steve leaned down to kiss him quickly, then kissed the top of Peter’s head. “Pops is gonna find Wade.”
“I’ll be sure to say that when I reach Forty,” Tony smirked. “And again at Fifty, when he’s still a young, blon-“
There was a picture in multiple posts, of Steve and Tony walking into the office building, holding hands as Steve reached for the door handle. There were a few different shots, but they were all caught after they had gotten out of the car, and with the names of those who worked in the building in most shots.
Jamie leaned forward as much as she could, and grabbed at the dress. Her little hands were messing with the ruffles, but she wasn't throwing it. Steve shrugged and counted it as a win. "Okay, but here's the deal, I need you to not make a fuss when I put it on you. And I will be putting socks and shoes on you, so, you know, don't kick those off." She looked up at him as he spoke, still holding onto the dress.
