Which was how he found himself in his current predicament. Mycroft was belittling him in his kitchen about how inept he would be as a parent. After John’s (brilliant, amazing, fantastic) suggestion that they look after Finn themselves, he had called Mycroft for help in making it happen and now he was bearing the brunt of his brother’s ‘feelings’ on that. Sherlock had already given the other man a fairly long speech on their capabilities and why it was the best thing for everyone, including Finn, but Mycroft was persistent.
One last miracle indeed.
John sighed “I’ve already been asked this question and my answer hasn’t changed. I am so confused.” He was frustrated and Sherlock could appreciate the feeling. “The last thing I remember is being in Afghanistan and getting shot.”
Finn smiled and sighed. “I was 10 when I met Sherlock. He had been working with the homeless network and he was trying to find the man behind a human trafficking ring. That man turned out to be my father, well my biological one at least. Sherlock met me as part of his investigation and....I liked him. He was kind to me and he treated me like I was.....worthwhile.” John was trying to process what Finn was telling him. He had so many questions, questions he was afraid to ask. He didn’t feel like this was the moment to ask them, if there ever was a ‘good’ time to ask.
He had moved out of 221B not long after the ‘funeral’ and hadn’t been back since. It felt like what he imagined a drug trip would feel like, sat here with the dead Sherlock Holmes, nursing their wounds.
Sherlock and John navigate married life
Molly laughed and pulled away from her grip on Sherlock. “See that’s what I am talking about, be obnoxious like that with John and you might get somewhere.”
Finn arrived at the hospital and was immediately greeted by Molly. She was without her usual white lab coat and looked beautiful in a flowery blouse, jeans and cable knit cardigan. Her hair was in its usual pony tail. Whatever the bad news he was about to hear, Finn was glad that he had his family’s compassionate friend to help him through it. He had had the biggest crush on her growing up that had faded into simple admiration, as he had aged.
There was a silence from John at this, before the doctor slid to his knees, in the dirty alley they were still hiding in. “John this is really no time for a blow-“
Sherlock guffawed and said “Well he has definitely trumped me today.” He stumbled back to his sitting spot, before taking another drag of his cigarette and burying his head into the heels of his hands.
John was still too stunned to fully react. He finally sputtered “Was that a moan?”
Finn’s expression was pained. “You know Pops is never happier than when he is by your side. He would be berating you for blaming yourself.” Finn put on a fairly bad impersonation of his father’s voice “You know not everything is always about you Sherlock Holmes.”
“I think I convinced myself that you would be over it by now....over me....and perhaps a little angry, but that you would see the funny side. Call me a cock and be done with it.”
How did he get here? Indeed.
“But I’m not” John said firmly, but quietly “I can’t live my life second guessing every move I make. I have given it a good go – the best I could do and I am glad I did. But your outburst made me realise that we are always going to have this cloud over our heads and I can’t live my life like that. I have already lost twelve years, I don’t want to lose any more trying to live a life that’s not mine.”
John had been on a date, if you can believe it. John almost didn’t. He hadn’t been on one since Sherlock jumped and the fast approaching year’s anniversary had made him realise how much his life had....stopped. He had stopped seeing his friends, stopped writing the blog, stopped dating. He realised he had been here before, renting a bedsit with his gun in his desk drawer...wondering if today would be the day that he finally used it. In that instance he had - on a murderous cabbie. He didn’t want to think what he would do this time round given the opportunity.
“Of course I have bloody noticed Sherlock and shouldn’t that mean something to you – don’t our vows mean trust and fidelity.”
As always this is just for fun and I don't own Sherlock. Warnings at the end of the chapter.
“And you’re unbiased?” John asked, sceptically.
Sherlock pulled the violin off his shoulder. “You would remind me that it wasn’t real, that I was safe, that you were safe, that....that I wasn’t alone and then you would....hold me.”
It had been a year almost to the day since Sherlock had jumped.
He still had his second chance.
There was still no sign of his memories coming back and Sherlock was unsure about how much longer he could wait for them. Nothing seemed to be working to trigger them. Finn had initially suggested ‘True Love’s Kiss’ might work and Sherlock had rolled his eyes at their son. Now at this point the detective was willing to try anything, but he didn’t feel that such an action would be welcome.
“I teased you with the obsession with another man.”
His chair.
John started to well up himself, as he caressed his son’s hair “I’m happy too.” The euphoria he felt was unparalleled. To share a memory with his son; one that was so emotive and important. To have comforted him in a difficult moment. For his words to have been cherished, for them to have impacted a young boy’s life.
“...and who made me realise I couldn’t live without you.” Their eyes held each other’s at this admission and John’s thumb stroked his hip, where the doctor’s hand had come to rest.
John grabbed the pained man’s hand “Sherlock I have no intention of giving up. I’m sure the memories will come back and if they don’t, we will figure it out.”
Mary was everything that Sherlock wasn’t and that’s why John liked her. She was polite and had a regular job. She understood social cues and didn’t have dead body parts in the fridge. She also knew nothing about him, couldn’t tell what he was thinking or any of his habits. It had been new, a blank state, a fresh start.
She had planned it all – she would set up a crime scene, just like James' suicide. She would then work her way through some of the places that meant something to Sherlock and James: the lab where they first met, the roof, the pool. While he was obsessed with figuring out what was going on, she would kidnap John and make him wish he had never met Sherlock Holmes. She would torture Sherlock by torturing John and him knowing that it was all his fault. Their happily ever after would fall apart.
Sherlock had paused in his monologue and own attempts at getting ready. He had gone over to John to look him in the eye. “I would never leave your arms for Irene Adler.” He had clarified, before he had given his husband a hard kiss on the mouth.
“And if you were planning a special....night”
“Morning” he mumbled.
“Dad!” Finn shouted in disdain. He stood up and pulled his hand out of Sherlock’s grip. “That’s what you choose to say to me right now?” He questioned, as he looked down at Sherlock. “Can’t you hear his voice in your head, saying it’s a bit not good?”
He made to move towards the bed to embrace John, to kiss him and hear his voice. He was in touching distance of the scratchy hospital blanket covering John’s knees, when he was abruptly pulled back and away from his goal.
“Bart’s”
It hadn’t mattered to her that he had taken a little longer to fully appreciate what they had together – what they could have been together. She had been happy to wait. She had known how important he was and that she would always be basking in his undeniable genius.
But he had already broken Sherlock’s heart once and he had already tried to have a relationship with him. Yes John was selfish, but he wasn’t selfish enough to play with the other man’s emotions again. To give him hope, when he is so messed up and confused himself. What if he asked for another chance and he was unable to make it work again? Maybe he wasn’t sure if he wanted to marry Mary, but it would give Sherlock the absolute closure he needed. If he thought that John had truly moved on, if they got....divorced, then Sherlock would finally accept the truth and he could move on too. He could find someone else, someone who knew what they wanted and who would love Sherlock the way he deserved. He could then see how things go with Mary and if the engagement doesn’t feel right, he can call it off at a later time. He switched off the shower, he had stayed in so long that the skin on his fingers had wrinkled.
Apologies for the gap in chapters, although this one is a bit longer than the others. Thanks for all the comments and kudos! Warnings at the end of the chapter.
Finn enters Sherlock and John's life.
She had known the detective wasn’t dead, even a fool could have seen that. Apparently John Watson was a fool. She had almost felt a little empathy for him. The men they loved had been lost because of their obsession with each other. ‘Almost’ being the operative word. Nothing would stop her in her vendetta to bring down Sherlock Holmes.
“Like you have?” The other man asked, his voice breaking.
John opened his eyes and saw an unfamiliar, yet familiar ceiling.
“Eww don’t mention him when we are naked.”
woman caused him great emotional turmoil. He finally looked at Sherlock and was sure that that turmoil was written over his face. “Are you seeing her?”
“Of course not John- Don’t be ridiculous.” Sherlock stated incredulously.
He hadn’t had a cigarette in a long time.
He had to hope.
The dawn reminded him of the doctor’s words last night about this being a hallucination. “I’m still here.” He ventured, voice still croaky. John looked startled that he had spoken and confused by his words. Sherlock could see when the penny dropped in his mind.
His son looked sad at this and leaned forward to place a kiss on his father’s forehead. “I love you.”
“One whole year Sherlock. You let me grieve. You let me sink back down to that dark place I was in before I met you. Was it some kind of joke?”
And this moment was important. Whatever happened next, whatever conversations had to be had, he wanted to cherish this most important moment. He wanted to live it.
There was that praise kink again, as Sherlock felt the first flutterings of arousal in his veins.
“Come on Sherlock it’s a ten – at least!” Lestrade emphasised, as he stood at the bottom of John’s hospital bed. “We can’t solve it without you.”
“I never thought that Sherlock would ever do simple.”
“John?” Sherlock questioned, as he still knelt on the floor.
He felt a hand grip his shoulder in acknowledgement and used the support to open the door and face the music.
John’s emotional outburst had reset the mood, causing Sherlock to act tentative around him. He wasn’t used to that...
He had been standing in the living room, coat on and ready to go and his curly haired detective hadn’t emerged from the bedroom. A text from Lestrade had come in early morning and John had been woken from a lovely deep sleep by a very excited Sherlock ‘Come on John – it’s got to be at least an 8.’ God knows what had happened in the intervening moments and John was too tired to stand around waiting like an idiot.
It had been 9 months since he had left Baker Street and he had been flailing about ever since. He had found a bedsit and lived there for a while, seeing Finn frequently and Sherlock scarcely. That’s when the dreams had started, first about a gun in a drawer and a lonely life. He had wondered if they were memories, but had kept them to himself.
The detective paused in thought and then he came back to himself, as he raised his hands in the air in front of his face. “That’s it John!” His excitement surged through his movements and he kissed John firmly on the lips, before rushing out the door and shouting “It was the dog walker! Lestrade follow me!”
John had been fierce in that conversation. He was in soldier mode and he wasn’t backing down to one of the most dominant people he knew. The best of it all was that that fierceness, that passion was for him. For the first time in his life he had felt overwhelmingly aroused. It had shocked him so much that he had almost missed John’s vehement refusal of anything sexual between them that immediately followed. The words had felt like a lead balloon, dispelling his arousal and causing Sherlock to block out any other stirrings or feelings for John Watson to surface.
John could see the reality of the situation settle over the other man’s facial features, he felt like the worst person on the planet and he didn’t know what to say. Anger started to bubble inside him, replacing the earlier anxiety.
Maybe it had been a bad idea to come back with him to 221B....
“God, you are the most infuriating man!” John finally managed to get his words out. “If you had just listened to me the first time or at least try again a second time-“
John almost regretted using that word, but it was the truth. “Yes” he confirmed “this is the home that Sherlock and I have made for ourselves.”
“Yes alright Sherlock” John interrupted as a small giggle escaped him, followed by a quick kiss to the detective’s lips “Despite how well I know your body, it’s still a bit unusual to greet someone in the nude when they come over to see you.”
John was very much on board with this change in pace, tendrils of arousal starting to move through him.
“Yes well. I only put it on to test your deduction skills.” Countered Sherlock with a smile.
John tried to steady his beating heart. Was this actually happening? He would always look back at this moment as the one that changed Sherlock and him forever. It also scared him to think that they could have easily not had this conversation. They could have continued being ‘friends’, not exploring or admitting how they really felt.
“I told you had done the impossible and become my friend.” Sherlock paused for effect at this and John squeezed him a little tighter. “Then I flaunted my naked body at you,” a burst of laughter came from the other man, “before teasing you with an interest in another woman.”
Lestrade’s next words broke his thoughts “But Mycroft isn’t why I’m here. I’m here for you and for him,” a stern finger was pointed in John’s direction. “Because I care about you. John wouldn’t want you losing yourself in this goddamn hospital room, getting closer and closer to the day we find you in a drug den.”
John and Sherlock ride the wave of the aftermath of John remembering
Bloody hell he was confused...and sleep deprived.....and bonelessly tired. He felt...vulnerable and a little lost...his head was so tangled up.
The thing is he was already married, even though he couldn’t remember doing it. Does it still count? It certainly did to Sherlock. Neither of them had mentioned the ‘d word’ since John had left. He hadn’t wanted to bring it up with the detective, as it felt cruel and unnecessary. Now however they would need to get the ball rolling and get....divorced. Maybe his engagement would be the kick up the backside they needed to get things sorted and for them both to move on. He was sure it wouldn’t be easy, but it had to be done eventually and there was no reason to draw things out.
A feeling of emptiness and sadness swept through him, as he made his way out of Baker Street. He swallowed back tears and reassured himself that he had done the right thing.
Of course he was attracted to John, but he had not expected this...comfort, this security.  He shouldn’t have expected anything less from John, he had always been tactile with his girlfriends and those he cared about. He had witnessed Sherlock’s doubts and had soothed him with reassuring words, but now.....now he was physically reaffirming this by holding him. This was a new dynamic that was now open to them after their declarations. Maybe John needed this too. Had he thought of this during his death? Did he crave it as much as Sherlock was realising he did? He can’t remember the last time he had been held like this, most probably by one of his parents when he was a child.
Molly didn’t fall for his diversion tactics however. “Is he out of the picture? Have things developed?”
His pride had been hurt. He had felt stupid for believing the lie, for not seeing the clues Sherlock had left him. He had felt like an idiot for grieving....for falling in love with a dead man (although maybe he would not admit that bit as often to himself). The worst thing was that Sherlock had done it all for him. All those unmentionable things he had seen, felt and done had all been for the people he cared about.
Sherlock nodded in agreement “Well love does make you lose all sense of decorum.” He looked at John pointedly “So hopefully Finn won’t run off into the sunset with her, if she does reject us completely.”
He must have looked quite a sight. His distinctive curls were stuck to his forehead with sweat and the look of sheer determination on his face would put fear in anyone.
“Believe me Pops I don’t want to be talking about your love life.”
Back in the apartment John grabbed Sherlock loosely by the lapels “So that’s not the first time Mrs Hudson has caught in the entryway then?” he asked, with his eyebrows raised.
smiled.
Finn didn’t want to think that his Dad would turn to drugs, he had never seen it himself, but he knew enough to know it was a possibility. “Whatever happens I won’t let there be an alternative. I promise.” He vowed.
Sherlock looked struck dumb by this. “Right...brilliant...I mean.....yes of course..  if you want to....of course.” He was fidgeting and looked completely lost “Do you mean now?”
Things with Sherlock on the other hand were... strained. They had moments where they connected, like the night they were both kept up by the storm, but a lot of the time it felt like they were both walking on eggshells around each other. John because he was scared of saying or doing the wrong thing, of not remembering something vital. John was also scared about asking about the past. If the detective ever shared a memory with him, he got this pained look on his face and John could see how difficult it was for the other man to relive those shared moments. Sherlock because....John wasn’t sure why the detective was being so....cautious. He was tentative in their interactions and overbearingly polite. John can’t imagine he would have ever fallen for such a person, so he had done his own bit of deducing and had come to the conclusion that Sherlock wasn’t entirely being himself with the doctor.
Of course Sherlock knew that name – why wouldn’t he? “Bloody hell Sherlock that’s a low blow and you’re the one that’s got a blooming dominatrix moaning on your phone!”
Sherlock is struggling with how to act around a John that doesn't remember him.
Sherlock had contemplated John’s movement, annoyed at himself for not being able to put together the perfect, simple proposal.
Back to the present.
“Touche” Finn conceded.
Sherlock smirked and looked over to the other man. “I will make it up to you my dear doctor. Besides I haven’t been able to show off to you for so long.”
“When they make the ordinary extraordinary.” Finn said, smiling. John blushed and looked down at that. Warmth bloomed around his heart and spread through his body. He would never get used to Sherlock and the way he felt about him – maybe that was when you knew.
Back where he belonged.
“Well tonight certainly was.” John continued without letting Sherlock finish. The taller man remained silent under John’s scrutiny. “How did you think that was appropriate? Did you think we would have a laugh about it? ‘Oh look there’s Sherlock!’ ‘Oh yes he was dead wasn’t he?’ ‘Oh yes I had forgotten that. Oh what a laugh! He’s back from the dead! Do come and sit down and join us.” John finished sarcastically.
“I don’t think he could help with this” Finn mumbled.
“So when are you going to move back in?” The voice attached to those legs broke his daydream.
His finger had found its way to his lips again, a mirror of the kiss they had shared earlier, his mouth soon replaced it to bring about their second kiss.
Sherlock giggled, John had never seen him so carefree. “Sometimes we just couldn’t help ourselves.” His blush reached the top of those ridiculously high cheekbones and John traced it with his finger. He was beautiful.
“Yes”
(See the end of the chapter for
“No John of course not” Sherlock stood up now too. “How could-“
“You’re dead!” he repeated more enthusiastically. “I watched you jump from a roof and bleed out on the pavement and now your sitting here in ‘your’ chair in bloody Baker Street...and you’re dead.”
And then there was Sherlock, who he was tentatively becoming friends with again. He....missed the other man, even though they had only spent a short time together, the detective had got under his skin. And then he was still getting  the odd moments of memories....or what he thought were memories – what else could they be? They would hit him at odd points in the day and sometimes smother him in his dreams at night. John had only been able to catch whispers of them, before he would lose grasp of them all together. He had been keeping this information to himself (except the one Finn had caught him out on that day at the park), but he had started to write them down. He was perhaps getting too hopeful about them, but he wanted to put the pieces back together of the jigsaw of his life. The memories were almost providing him with these pieces, but he didn’t have the picture on the box to work from and he almost felt as lost as ever.
“Tea?” he called through, trying to bring some normalcy to the situation.
“Deadly”
He couldn’t answer that question.
“I do.” The other man raised an eyebrow. “I plan to look after you and Dad for as long as I can.”
Since then things had almost got back to normal, well Sherlock and John normal. The detective was just glad that their names were being said in the same sentence again.
“Sherlock-“ The taller man cut him off with a kiss. John relented to the welcome, passionate force. Sherlock felt all the pent up emotion of the last few....years pour through his lips. He consumed John, their kiss deepened and their tongues met. Sherlock was using one hand to guide the kiss via the smaller man’s neck and the other to crush John to him as close as humanly possible via his lower back.
After his heartfelt statement, he had thought they were going to die and that Sherlock was shaking with tears. Then his detective had looked up and grinned at him. In that moment he had known that they were safe, both literally and figuratively.
In another flashback, Sherlock contemplates the future.
The day he would propose to John.
Irene Adler’s moan echoed through the flat, causing John’s supressed anger to bubble to the surface. “She’s alive then?” Sherlock remained silent “You bloody saved her didn’t you?”
“Noted” he gulped.
“Sounds thrilling.” Sherlock deadpanned.
“You...” John continued between breaths “absolute.....bloody.....cock.” His breath hitched at this and his face started to lose its hysterical mirth. His laughs turned into sobs, as the tears continued to flow. His breathing was coming out stuttered, as he moved his uninjured hand to cover his face. Trying to hide his uncontrollable emotions from his ex flatmate.
He had been so excited to see John again and relieved to finally tell him the truth. No more lies, no more secrets and he could get his grumpy, lovable flatmate back. He had been almost bouncing with anticipation. Unfortunately their reunion hadn’t gone to plan and, as the blood from his nose had been running down his face, he had suspected he maybe had done something a bit not good.
“I know” John said, his eyes soft “but it exposed what you are feeling and it helped me understand why I feel so inadequate.”
John seemed stunned by this and Sherlock saw  anger also rising in his eyes. “How dare you-“
He needed a fix.
Finn has an important question for John
“Well you do make the ordinary extraordinary my dear doctor.” Sherlock interjected.
“Thanks”
“You” John looked down at Sherlock’s raised eyebrow “Jumping around like your shoes were on fire because of that dog.”
“Then what’s with this performance Sherlock?”
We are back in the present day with this one. Warnings at the end of the chapter.
That had been....thrilling, a feeling he hadn’t had in a very long time (well that he could remember having anyway). Sherlock had been on a mission to catch the dog walker and it had led to them chasing the woman across the city. It had also involved them getting chased by a very disgruntled Jack Russell. John had watched Sherlock jump in the air in his Belstaff to avoid the yapping creature and that was an image that would forever stay in his head. He giggled at the memory. They had barely made it back to 221B in one piece.
‘I wouldn’t have had one’ John thought, but kept that macabre thinking to himself.
Sherlock woke up gasping and shivering from his nightmare/memory. It had been a long time since his subconscious had taken him to that awful place. He instinctively reached for John beside him and found cold, empty sheets. His heart plummeted as reality came back to him. John no longer shared his bed, he no longer comforted him after his nightmares....he no longer held him as they slept to help keep them at bay in the first place.
“You ok?” he heard in the periphery of his thoughts. He looked down at John, who was still wrapped around him. “I’ve been trying to get your attention for a while.”
The detective had jumped up and started reading aloud the details of the case – a murder that Scotland Yard couldn’t make any sense of – what was new? John had already been pulling on his pants. “Well at least it’s not Irene.” He had murmured.
John’s answer was a stunned silence. He could feel the intensity from Sherlock’s gaze.
“No I did” Molly smirked at his put out look “Anyway don’t you want to see the ‘very interesting’ thing I have for you?” As she lifted a bag of body parts up into his face.
“I have faith that our son won’t have fallen in love with someone so delicate to be put off by a lover’s tiff.”
“Why?” the dark haired man asked, exasperated. “We both acknowledge it was an intense situation and I snapped.  It’s not like this has been easy. You know enough of me to know that I’m not perfect.”
“What else could you be doing? Why would you choose to go out with her instead of joining me on the case?”
There was a long pause as Lestrade digested the doctor’s words. “I guess sometimes life doesn’t go the way you expect it to.”
Sherlock looked at his now cold tea “I could not leave the business unfinished” He explained.
“I don’t know what you are talking about” he feigned ignorance.
He looked expectantly at John, but Sherlock could not control himself. “Your father has remembered!”
She had continued to monitor them, because the game was not over. Him simply forgetting would not be enough, she needed Sherlock to know what she had done and why she had done it, whilst rubbing a little salt in the wound along the way.
Lestrade snorted and gave John his own long stare. “I don’t want to think what his life would have been like if you two hadn’t shared that bloody flat.”
John giggled “I’m a bad influence......and we did spend our wedding night at that murder suicide last week.”
Another update, sorry for the slow progress, but I am hopeful I will get to the end soon. This chapter is anothe flashback to the past and does have changing POVs and jumps in the timeline, hopefully not too confusing. Also I wanted to say that I know in the real world it would be very unlikely that Sherlock and John would be able to foster/adopt a child and the process would not be as straightforward as I have made it sound. I have used Mycroft to get around that and a bit of artistic licence!
Finn seemed to consider his point for a moment and then held his father’s hand. “I would take your story over not having it at all.”
“Right, so now I’m an incompetent friend.”
John smirked “Your secret is safe with me.” He looked down into his cooling tea “What would I do for you?” At Sherlock’s curious look, he elaborated “When you had a nightmare. What would I do for you?”
Sherlock stopped tuning his violin at this, “I’ve never thought of it like that...yes I suppose it is....Don’t tell Mycroft.”
'GAY MARRIAGE LEGAL!'
Watching him fly up into the air and slam down on to the tarmac had brought her some satisfaction, as she had made her getaway. She had gotten home and had been disappointed at the outcome, although she had reasoned that confirmation of John’s death would bring her some closure. However that confirmation had never arrived.
“We are not anybody else John, we are you and me – we can just do whatever the hell we want. We already know what we are in for with each other, most people would take this long to accept your taste in jumpers.” he joked, which earned him a frown. “We know the very worst and the very best of each other.”
“I love him too.” Sherlock said uselessly.
“Tell me about it.” John implored. “Tell me about our lives together.” Perhaps it would help John remember how he became worthy of such a man.
“Ugh God don’t be sickeningly loved up, us sad singletons can’t cope. Was the ceremony just as bad? You and him staring into each others eyes like the rest of the world didn’t exist?”
John gave him a dirty look “Git” he verbalised, as Sherlock swept in the kitchen.
Sherlock held him like he would never let go. He had never had chance to just hold the other man. Does he get to do that now, just hold John whenever he wants to? He had never sought human contact before. He had had sexual encounters before, mainly in a drug induced haze or for a case. He had never had any sort of emotional attachment to it, he saw sex like food or sleep – just another requirement for his transport. But with John he had had urges to....hold him in the past. His hands, arms, head – his body. Especially when a bomb had been ripped safely off it or when he was stood over an empty grave, mourning a man that wasn’t dead.
John’s responding smile was genuine however “I still can’t get used to you calling me that.”
“Dad?!” he heard Finn say exasperatedly.
(See the end of the chapter for
Here's another chapter - if you are still with me on this. I do have an outline in place and I am slowly but surely getting to finishing this fic. Thanks for bearing with me. As ever this is just for fun! No warnings that I am aware of.
“I wish I could remember that it was.” John looked at him and half smiled. “I was hoping something would come back to me, even something small.” He looked at his feet and coughed.
“Yes...No....I don’t know” He sighed and tilted his head on the back of the sofa, so he could look at the ceiling. “I’ve woken up in this strange world that I never would have imagined I would be in and I don’t know how to adapt.”
“This changes everything” he unknowingly repeated, as he looked John firmly in the eyes.
Sherlock stared at the headline on the newspaper that lay in the gutter next to him. He was on a case and spending some time with his homeless network. He had been waiting for over an hour for his contact, huddled on the pavement and trying to blend in. He had noticed the newspaper about 10 minutes in and it had been taunting him ever since.
(See the end of the chapter for
“What are you giggling at?” Sherlock said from his place, sprawled on the entryway stairs.
“It was after my return from the dead,” Sherlock began “but before I revealed my feelings to your father.” He swallowed, remembering that uncertain time, being filled with anticipation. “He had forgiven me for being dead, but we were still finding who we were again together. I knew I was in love with him, as you know, I loved him when I jumped. I was however in denial about it. To me it was a disadvantage, a lesson that your dear Uncle Mycroft had taught me. Yet during my year away, being without John was the worst thing I had ever endured at that point. I knew then that it was unavoidable and there was no way to.....un-love him.
“I’m glad that this won’t affect your relationship with Finn” Sherlock managed to get out. “I don’t know what to say, except beg you to stay....but above all I love you. Unconditionally. And I want – no I need you to be happy. If this is what will ultimately make you happy, I will let you go.”
The doctor matched his passion and intensity and it flowed between them. It wasn’t like kisses they had shared in the kitchen before. Ones that had led to sex on the table or a blow job by the sink (although Sherlock hoped they would follow soon). This kiss was more than that. It was a desperate outpouring of emotion; of joy, of relief, of almost forgotten hope, of grief.
Hang on wait.
What the hell was going on? Why was he being pulled back? Was something wrong with John, could he not touch him? He looked at John for an answer, as he continued to struggle against his captor. He took time to really ‘see’ him. His look was confused, frown lines formed on his forehead and his face was lacking a smile.  There was the smallest hint of fear behind those blue eyes and Sherlock knew, he just knew.
As ever with Sherlock, John was a bit startled at the topic of conversation. “Is this one of those occasions where you think we have discussed this already, but I actually wasn’t in the room?”
John was facing the kitchen counter at Sherlock’s home, waiting for the kettle to boil. He was watching the water as it started to bubble and it felt like the anxiety bubbling in his chest.
John’s awake, but is he really?
That seemed to silence the detective, but his mouth was twisted in frustration.
“I wish I could remember her, even just to tell her how angry I am.” John could feel himself getting upset, tears threatening to fall. “I had this wonderful life, a gorgeous husband, an exciting job” he looked at Finn “a wonderful son.” Finn smiled. “She has taken that all away from me.”
“Ok let’s not expect too much.” Finn joked. “But you and Pops.....” his face looked hopeful “....you’re doing ok? Especially with the whole girlfriend thing?”
“No – thank God!” They laughed and moved on to other topics.
“Where did you go? The registry office?” he asked.
“Well life is never boring for the Holmes-Watson family.” Finn concluded.
Sherlock shuddered at the word and he could see Mycroft’s delight at his expense. “I was referring to you, my nephew and despite my best efforts your husband,” He paused for effect “who is now out of surgery.”
Back in the present Sherlock and John recover following a case
When he was growing up he hadn’t entertained the idea of marriage not because he didn’t want it, but because he was ignorant of it. He had despised love, because he was ignorant of it.
Lestrade rolled his eyes and Sherlock could feel the anger from his remark (and maybe the situation in general) radiating from him. His hands were on his hips, his teeth clenched. He sucked his lips in and seemed to make a decision “You know what I do”
John balled his hands into fists in frustration. He couldn’t talk about this with Sherlock that wasn’t fair, but maybe John was a little selfish and maybe he was in over his head and maybe Sherlock was the only thing that made sense right now.
The detective nodded. He looked down at his hands still gripping the toilet rolls and the glare of his wedding band caught his eye. Extracting his fingers from their purchase, he fingered the ring with his right hand. “I was trying to access my mind palace before. I had this silly notion that if I could remember everything- if I could spend some time with him there that I could remember enough for the both of us.”
“What?!” Sherlock’s melancholy train of thought was completely blown out of his head with that comment. “Why would you think that? How could you ever think I would do that to you? That I could ever love anyone else?”
Finn looked surprised and upset. “But he can help, we can look at ways to get more memories back.”
Molly’s heart broke a little at that. “At least you will know it’s because this....tragedy has changed him, not because you weren’t entirely yourself. I’m not gonna lie and tell you I have all the answers and I know what will get John back to you. But I know that John is attracted to danger and things that are unique. If that doesn’t sum you up in a nutshell, I don’t know what does.” A small smile graced the detective’s face. “Sherlock you have also got to remember that this isn’t all about John. You have been through a tragedy too. In a way for you it’s worse, because you have all your memories and you know what you have lost.” Tears started to seep out of the man’s eyes and Molly wiped them away. “You need to give yourself some time to deal with this too and not worry about what that would look like to John. Talk to him, take him on a case for Christ’s sake – try to get some of your own normality into your life again. Stop trying to be something you think John wants and start being the man he loves. If there is one thing I know about John Watson is that he isn’t interested in anybody that is meek and polite.”
John grabbed Sherlock’s face in his hands, he couldn’t listen to anymore. “Sherlock" he croaked out, he was upset to see his husband in such a state. “What are you talking about? I was just about to say the exact same thing to you and beg your forgiveness.”
“Yeah, we did. The only appropriate places that we could think of for us to get married were a crime scene, that swimming pool or the roof at St Bart’s. None of those are licensed, so we decided to just keep it simple.” John confirmed. There had just been Mycroft and Finn at the short ceremony and there had been no meal, no best man’s speech and no first dance. Just straightforward love (with a dash of obligation for Mycroft). John wouldn’t have had it any other way.
“Well let’s ride out this emotional, moment together, before we try to get back to sleep” Sherlock suggested. His eyes met John’s over Finn’s head and they both smiled. He held on to their son a little tighter.
John sighed and looked into his coffee, as he processed Greg’s words. “That’s good to know I was happy.....”
“Oh good let’s tell Mycroft, I love proving him wrong.” Sherlock smiled and John mirrored the expression.
Simple.....John was simple. He would have the answer! He would unwittingly provide the information to plan his own perfect proposal. He had jumped up and joined John in the kitchen, dropping a kiss to the doctor’s forehead before he had wrapped his arms around the smaller man’s waist.
He had changed his outfit four times, did he try to be suave and cool? Formal with suit and tie? He had settled for wearing what he normally would, jeans and jumper. There was no point in trying to be anything else but himself, he just hoped that that would be enough.
She had set up the murder perfectly, but what she hadn’t planned on was the nosy neighbour calling the police. She must have slipped up somewhere – made a sound or there had been too much curtain twitching going on. The police had arrived before she could get away and she had been so angry and frustrated. The plan could have all fallen apart if she had been caught. Finally the world’s only consulting detective had shown up, along with his husband.
The taller man looked at him incredulously “Is that so hard to believe?”
This time though there was nobody waiting with a crash mat, no code word to set a plan into motion, no assurance he would survive the fall.
(See the end of the chapter for
The shorter man didn’t seem to have registered what the detective had said. “But you are married to your work.”
And now Sherlock was running, as if his life depended on it......and maybe it did. His Belstaff was flying behind him and his long legs were striding as fast as he could make them.
The lies and deceit that apparently Molly Hooper was worthy of. He would have expected bloody Mycroft, but Molly....that was a hard pill to swallow.
John was struggling in this new world he had found himself in. The last thing he remembered was the pain of getting shot in Afghanistan. There he had been surrounded by brutality and danger and now he had woken up with a husband and a son. Apparently he had got shot a long time ago and John could feel the truth of that in his bones. He could see it in the corners of his eyes and in the colour of his hair. “And the young man who was here before is our son?.” He continued.
It didn’t help that Sherlock hadn’t been pestering him. He had had barely any contact from him at all and Sherlock had never initiated it. Perhaps something in the way that John had reacted that night had got through to the detective. It seemed that he had actually given John some space. Maybe he was actually in touch with someone else’s feelings for once....and wasn’t that a scary thought.
The advantage of having been ousted from Moriarty’s inner circle was that she wasn’t on a certain Mr Holmes' radar when he had set out to dismantle it.
The other man nodded. “You can see him in a few moments, they have taken him through to intensive care. I have secured a private room.”
The detective’s laughter halted and he admitted “I wanted it to be perfect.”
“Oh and your the reward? A lanky bloke with no social skills and a weird job that nobody has ever heard of, yeah a great catch there mate – what any man would dream of!”
Sherlock’s heart dropped at John’s words – something was wrong? With what? With them, with him? Something must have shown in his eyes or his face, because John quickly retracted his words “No I don’t mean it like that, nothing’s wrong with us.” He reached his hand out to Sherlock across the table. He paused and brushed their fingers together. “I love you Sherlock, never doubt that.” The detective would never tire of hearing those words from John’s lips. “These past few months have been.....extraordinary.”
John rolled his eyes and moved to put the kettle on. “We have talked about this.”
John’s memory of that day was hazy, but he had a general idea of the events of the day. He remembered chasing the woman down the street, grappling with her, seeing the fury and anger in her face....her very familiar face.
John was awake and he hadn’t been there. John had finally opened his eyes and what was the first thing he saw? Some dreary hospital ceiling? It hadn’t been Sherlock that was for sure. Had anybody been there or was he on his own? Sherlock had promised a long time ago that he would never leave John alone again.....he had to get back to him and keep his promise.
“Is that really how you see yourself?” Sherlock looked away. “You are so much more than that Sherlock.” She used her finger to draw his chin, so that their eyes could meet. “John and I aren’t fools, we wouldn’t fall in love with someone who was only those things.”
Finn laughed and then sobered “It was for me.” And the emotion behind it took John’s breath away, he squeezed the boy’s hand. “Basically it’s helpful to have the man who is running the government as a brother.”
“Stop” Finn’s voice was once again strong “Just stop” Sherlock could see the tears now running freely down the boy’s cheeks. “You survived your fall, we have to believe he will survive his.”
“I could say the same to you you jealous git!”
“John’s dead” was all he said in reply, as if that explained everything.
“Delicate?” Sherlock queried, he was starting to look worried and confused. “Are you ill?...No not ill you would not have made tea....you would have made me pay attention.” Sherlock started to look at John now, really look at him. He could feel himself being scrutinised by the other man. “You are freshly showered, not unusual, but your fingertips are slightly drier and more wrinkly than usual....meaning you spent longer than needed in there.  You are also failing to hide a blossoming hickey by buttoning your shirt all the way up, suggesting that you had company.”
Finn was asleep in what looked like a very uncomfortable position in one of the ghastly waiting room chairs. They had spent a while up on the roof, mainly in a thoughtless silence. He didn’t think either of them had had many words, Sherlock had had none. He had managed to get his son to open up about his new girlfriend, although he had deleted the details now. Finn would have to tell John everything again anyway, if he woke up.
“Hello” John had chuckled “Out of your mood then”
‘Oh God don’t bring that up’ John internally pleaded.
Sherlock would always have blurry memories of that day, but one thing would never leave him....the sight and sound of watching John fall. He didn’t get a note, he didn’t get a crash mat, it wasn’t a ruse. It was real and crushing and irreversible.
His life without John Watson would be unbearably dull, although he would not know it. And a life with John Watson was actually a life with love, which he had once found so disgusting and ridiculous. He would gladly hold hands with the doctor walking down the street. He would unashamedly snog the life out of him in public and they often did on a case. He told him he loved him fairly often, although likely not enough. They had blazing rows and hot, heavy, dirty sex. He also had discovered he liked cuddling and nuzzling and soft kisses and slow, sensual sex. He would also gladly murder anyone who would ever hurt his John (not that the doctor would allow it of course, but the thought was there). So he had become the thing he had despised.....normal. He was in love. They even had a child now to complete the family picture.
“And almost got me and my date killed”
Thanks for keeping with me on this one if you have got this far! Another glimpse into what happened after Sherlock's fall. This one hasn't been beta read, but as always all mistakes are mine. Warnings at the end of the chapter.
John felt groggy as he massaged the kink in his neck. He hadn’t slept very well last night.
He had asked Finn if he would meet him here, so they could spend some time together one on one. The boy was living at halls in Uni and most of the time he had spent with him had been with other people, mainly at Baker Street. Things with Sherlock had been difficult...strained....and he wanted to spend some time with his son out of that environment.
Well if he had to imagine his life in the future, being married with a son would be pretty lovely. Especially when his spouse was bloody gorgeous. How the hell had he managed that? John coughed and looked down at his hands in his lap. He glanced up to see that his husband was half smiling. “What? Is this your deducing thing?”
“Well you weren’t meant to find them or go looking through my stuff.” John was trying to take the high ground before he gave in to those lustful eyes. “I give these tags the upmost respect and I wore them with pride. They are not available to fill out your sexual fantasy.”
Finn rolled his eyes again, but gripped his hand tighter. “Never and you know it.”
Mentions of torture, death, car crash, murder and suicide. Also I am not very nice about Mary.
John had already seen them as a family and didn’t need a court of law or a piece of paper to prove that. Sherlock could tell however that John was scared that it could be taken away from him at any moment. Every time a case came up, he grilled Sherlock on the details and how safe it was. He was reluctant to leave Finn with Mrs Hudson or Molly, in case the boy wasn’t still there when they came back. He reprimanded Sherlock several times that what he was saying was a bit not good, effectively shutting the detective up. Finn always looked on them curiously in these moments and often questioned why John was behaving this way. John had no answer without baring his soul to a 10 year old, so he had tried to cut back on his mother hen, worry wart tendencies. Once the adoption had become official, the man had physically deflated with relief. He had slept for 48 hours and couldn’t stop smiling for a week. He was happy to let Finn out to meet his friends without asking 100 questions and was making plans for holidays and Christmas, confusing Finn and Sherlock no end to the sudden change.
“I like your jumper.” Finn interrupted. His voice was strong and confident, but he gulped and looked up at Sherlock after he said it.
‘Don’t worry I won’t’ John thought, as he laughed and was gladly led to their room.
“Finn-“ How did he word this delicately? “Please keep this information between us. No Dad, no Uncle Mycroft. I can’t give your father hope, Christ I don’t want to give myself hope. This could be it. This could be all that I remember.”
Right?
His son laughed “Ha, well maybe I can teach him some lessons too.”
Sherlock cut him off with a kiss, it was the first one he had initiated and he could see that it was a good way to shut someone up. He brought his hands to John’s head, holding him securely in place and bringing the kiss to an end. Their eyes opened and found each other’s again.
Sherlock was a little stunned at the doctor's words “Er...yes” he stuttered “I guess you could say that.”
“Thank you Mrs Hudson” interrupted Sherlock, who was now completely flushed in embarrassment. John giggled again. “John and I will now go upstairs, so we can finish....”
He couldn’t help anyone. He couldn’t leave, he could barely stay.
“If she can’t handle that then she won’t be able to handle the rest of us.”
Adjusting to having Finn in their life, in his life, had been the biggest challenge he had ever faced, his most difficult case, his most emotionally compromising situation. He had had moments where he didn’t know if they would get through it, but he had never doubted it would be worth it and he would never give up on Finn, on John or most surprisingly on himself.
Finn halted him with his hands “I want to help you with this ‘new’ life.” He explained. “Plus how can I help other people and get them to move on from their past, if I can’t deal with my own?”
“Only to you” John countered.
John and Sherlock try to come to terms with John regaining his memories.
The younger man broke at this and turned to his Dad’s shoulder to sob. He hiccupped out some words “You....were...meant....invincible...” Sherlock’s heart broke at Finn’s words, perhaps his little boy was still in there somewhere. “Tell me how it happened.” Finn begged.
Wow can't believe I am finally posting this chapter. We have come full circle and you will find dialogue from the prologue here. Thank you as ever for all the feedback. As always this is just for fun! Warnings at the end of the chapter.
He had remembered he had a husband, a family. He had been overwhelmed, with thoughts, emotions.....memories. He hadn't known how to process any of it. He had felt a headache coming along, before he had fallen asleep in his chair.
The detective’s eyes widened, as John came closer and wrapped his arms around his tall frame. He tucked his head under Sherlock’s chin and the taller man was frozen for a moment; his arms, still holding his bow and violin, hung unmoving at his sides. His brain caught up with what was happening and he dropped his precious instrument, to wrap his arms around his husband. He tentatively brought his hand to the other mans hair and rested his cheek on his head.
The doctor lightly slapped his hand to quieten him before grabbing it and holding it in both of his. It was at this point that Sherlock noticed John was only on one knee...oh God....
John nodded, unable to speak. He knew he was doing the right thing. All he needed to do was find the will to stand up and leave. Deep down he had held out a hope that the elusive memories would return. Even until this moment it turns out and as soon as he stands up he will have admitted defeat. The miracle he was waiting for wasn’t going to come.
“Don’t use my own lines against me Finn.” John laughed as he continued walking along the path. He stopped once he realised his son’s presence was no longer beside him. He turned around and found the younger man had stopped dead on the path, his coffee cup dropped to the ground.
“It’s never going to be easy Pops,” Finn interjected “whether you do it now, in a year or in ten years – it’s always going to hurt him. But you need to start living your life.” Finn sighed “It’s not easy for any of us, but we are both really glad you are here. Dad may be a little less happy at the moment, but I don’t even want to think about where we would be if you hadn’t survived that fall. And of course we both  love you and want you to be happy.”
John was watching Sherlock prance around a corpse.
“Who almost killed us both”
“Sherlock" John whispered, in shock. The detective went over to the other man and gathered him in his arms, as he joined him on the floor.
So we are flashing back to the past again in this chapter, hopefully to get a bit of background on their relationship. Also I appreciate that when gay marriage was actually legalised in the UK might not fit in with the time line of this fic, so I am using a bit of artistic license with that.
“Yes?” he replied as he turned to face his son.
The words were like a bucket of cold water to the detective’s heated anger. It was so strange to see the body of the man he loved, (adored, cherished) spouting such awful things about him. It was like the nightmares he had had when he came back from the dead – they were becoming a reality. How had he found himself here - how had he lost almost everything he cared about to be left with a  man who said such things?
John blinked and looked up at his husband. “I love you.” He whispered.
She pretended to be looking at her phone, before looking up at Finn at the right moment to catch his eye. “Finn!” She exclaimed in mock surprise. “Fancy bumping into you.”
“You bloody bastard.” John spat. He could feel his anger rising.
The case was a mediocre 5 and did little to distract Sherlock from his disastrous attempt at a proposal. Why would John ever say yes if he couldn’t ask him properly?
First she would witness the joy of John instigating and finalising the divorce with Sherlock and then once they were married (and she had lauded that over the detective for a while), she was going to kill John Watson. And she would make sure Sherlock Holmes was there to see it and that he knew it was all his fault.
"Sherlock when has anything we have ever done been perfect?” Well John had a point there. “We fell in love over corpses, bombs and a fake suicide. We found our son in a drug den and our sex life is pretty much co-ordinated around cases.”
Back in the present - Sherlock waits for John to wake up from his coma
Lestrade and his gang of incompetents had been appreciative of John’s return. Murmured comments of ‘He’s less of a freak with the doctor back’ had led to John bruising his knuckles again. Sherlock had found it quite amusing when he wasn’t on the receiving end.
John snatched the shirt out of the other man’s hands and doused the small flames. “Hey!” Sherlock protested.
He looked at the blank, lifeless, hospital walls and wished he had a gun to keep him entertained; although he was far from bored, it would at least provide a distraction. He could pretend it was the faceless woman who had put them in this mess, in this chaos. In the blur of the moment, she had got away. Sherlock hadn’t been focused on anything else but John at the time. She had been wearing a hooded jacket and the detective hadn’t seen her face....but John would have, as he tried to tackle her to the ground. If he woke up, he would be able to provide a description....they could find her.
“Yeah it was good, I just wish I didn’t have to go through all this ‘paperwork’ you know. I wanna be helping people now.” Finn replied, as well as ordering a sugary coffee with the waiter.
He splashed water on his face and looked at his reflection in the mirror. Who is John Watson? The doctor still hadn’t been able to figure that out and these dreams were not helping matters.
Sherlock eyes widened, as if he realised what he had just said. “In life generally....no. In this....yes?” He finished, as if he wasn’t sure himself.
Married. Him and Sherlock were married, willingly and everything. He took the band off and looked at the engraving inside:
Sherlock has a moment to be shocked by the reaction, before his son continues. “That’s absolute bullshit and you know it. You are withdrawing, pushing me away. I am your son. You chose to be my Dad. I wasn’t.....I’m not some biological obligation. You chose me and you know me and I know you. I won’t let you hide behind your ‘stunted emotions’ - that ship sailed a long time ago, when you met Dad.”
“Yes! I want to find out about every noise you can make, every spot that is sensitive – what will make you scream my name.”
“Oh of course, well don’t let me stop you.” Mrs Hudson.
Sherlock’s eyes fixed on the pale man lying on the bed in front of him. Looking back it was a clichéd scene, like something out of those hospital dramas John made him watch. He had a breathing tube protuding from his mouth, there was a constant beeping from the intimidating machine beside the bed and his bruised and battered faced made his husband barely recognisable.
John’s eyes widened dramatically and his eyebrows reached his hairline. The detective kissed him, with his arms on the blonde’s shoulders and his hands in his hair. John’s hands found his hips. “You’re still naked” he murmured.
Sherlock’s face remained impassive and emotionless, but John could tell that his anger had affected the other man. “No of course she didn’t John, she worked for Moriarty. Why would you think that?”
“I miscalculated. “ Sherlock mumble dejectedly.
Sherlock hadn’t known what to say to that. They had eventually come to a charged silence, which was broken when John had thrown his mug across the room. The sound of the ceramic smashing against Baker Street’s walls, releasing the tension that had built up.
Mary had been inconsolable, heartbroken.....suicidal. What had she to live for? Part of her had wanted to give up, give in and never look back, but she loved James too much for that. She would never give up on him, no matter what he had said or done. She would prove once again that she was worthy of him, prove that Sherlock Holmes was not worthy.
Finn smiled "Well...."
“Sherlock!” The doctor finally broke the tirade with a loud shout. “I know what I am doing with a man, I can assure you.” He leaned a little closer and gripped Sherlock’s hip tight. “And once I am through with you, you will know it too and forget any other man or woman you have ever been with.” A shot of arousal coursed through the detective at the words. The doctor’s eyes held his with determination.
That day had changed his life and here he was again.
When he woke up.
The beautiful man looked a bit shocked at the question. John hadn’t really thought how much this must be affecting Sherlock, too lost in this new reality.
He rushed passed a nurse and almost pushed him to the ground. He ignored the subsequent shouts of angry annoyance that followed. He noticed that people kept out of his way after that.
“Sherlock have you got porn playing on your phone whilst we are with our son at dinner?” he asked, bewildered and angry.
This adjustment had involved a lot of cigarettes, tears, anger and not much else. He received daily visits from Finn with food and demands to go to sleep. Despite Sherlock’s protestations, Finn wouldn’t have it that his body was only transport and that he needed more than the 40 cigarettes he was smoking a day. The detective had snapped that if Finn had anything harder available, he would be more than happy to take it. Finn’s eyes had gone cold at that and Sherlock had felt the chill in his veins, immediately regretting his words. Before he could stutter out an apology, Finn beat him to it.
Finn grasped his hand “I’m Finn, nice to meet you.” John smiled and looked up at Sherlock, who was grinning like he had planned this all along (he probably had).
He wanted Sherlock to want him....to need him. He knew how desperate that made him, but he still hadn’t been ready to forgive the other man. His therapist had said that he was angry and hurt and he needed time to process things....John however had come to a different conclusion.
On his way to heard Lestrade murmur to John. “Are you sure you’re sure about this?”
The dreams.....were they really memories?
“We have always found a way to muddle through together, since we first met. I have every confidence we will do the same on this occasion.” Sherlock had opened his eyes again and was staring right into John’s soul.
Finn rolled his eyes. “Dad you know her name is Mary and of course I would never do that to you. I won’t even invite her to the wedding of we ever get married if you don’t want me to.”
“No John” Sherlock’s voice was hoarse “Please....enough. If you are going to leave please....do.”
So he had ‘put himself out there’ and had arranged a date with ‘Jackie’. She seemed nice enough, with easy smiles and an uncomplicated life (she didn’t look like she kept body parts in the fridge) and John found her to be a welcome distraction. She by no means led him out from the fog he was under, but she provided some light.
Warnings for mentions of infidelity, death of a child and overdosing. Hospital situations and corpses included too.
John tried to calm his nerves, as Finn passed him the rice. Meeting Rachel had gone well, she seemed lovely and both teens seemed smitten with each other.
The reality of his current situation is starting to hit Sherlock.
The detective returned the smirk and grabbed his doctor around the waist. “I guess I’ll have to suffer and give you the blow job then.” He murmured before swooping down and snogging his husband. It became quite heated, it had been so long since they had been on a case and it was good to have John beside him, teasing him, loving him. His hands were moving down to John’s arse when the doctor pulled away.
They had been out for a few coffees and John had been planning to treat her to a meal out that evening. He may have been hoping they could take things a step further and was planning on bringing Three Continents Watson out of the closet to seal the deal.
He was therefore startled when John had called him amazing, extraordinary. That had given him a warm feeling in his stomach that he had rarely felt before. He still got that feeling when John praised him to be honest. Back then it had unsettled him so much that he had put off John’s flirtations at Angelo’s, stating he was married to his work. Something which John had taken very much to heart it turned out. He had cured John’s limp to dazzle him more, but treated John as he did everyone else, putting him out of his mind and abandoning him in favour of the case.
“10 minutes Sherlock? Solve it in 5 and I’ll give you the blow job.”
Right now her face was pale as she walked towards him, her expression worried. She released the arms that were wrapped around herself to pull him into a hug.
“I was going to ask you to marry me!” Sherlock blurted before he could stop himself. John’s eyes widened and he looked at him in pure shock. The detective put his head in his hands for what felt like the tenth time today. “I was going to ask you to marry me” he said more calmly “and you ruined it. It was going to perfect and I was going to give you a blow job and everything.”
“There is no easy way to do this Sherlock and I am trying to be as kind as I possibly can be. I’m sorry that-“
He was currently smoking his fifth in a row, out of the waiting room window. Night had fallen over his glorious London, but he could no longer feel its beating heart. The city held no vibrancy at this moment, it was dull, grey and lifeless – just like Sherlock was.
It was a bit breezy, the wind ruffling John’s grey hair. The park was moderately busy for a Thursday afternoon and there had been a natural lull in conversation.
The other man almost rolled his eyes as if irritated. “It’s only a six.” He dismissed. John felt like pointing it had been an 8 when he had wanted his doctor out of bed this morning. Sherlock preceded to take the tags out of the box “But these are a 10- an 11 even.” His eyes found John’s, alight with wonder and possibility. “When you said you were finally going to move your stuff in here, I didn’t even think about finding these.”
“Due to the significant length of your relationship with Mary, to be up all night engaging in sexual intercourse indicates a celebration of sorts and a big one at that.”
John moved from his position on the coffee table to perch precariously on the edge of the sofa, next to Sherlock’s knee. “I wish I knew how to play the violin” he said wistfully. Sherlock had a small smile on his face at the reference, he had soothed John’s own nightmares by playing his violin at all hours. It had always gone unspoken between them. The vulgar version of John from his nightmare started to disappear at this. He came up into a sitting position, jostling John slightly.
John looked back to the other man and his experiment and did a double take. “Is that my shirt?”
Before the detective could answer, his phone rang and he leapt for it like it was a lifeline. Lestrade was on the other end and he jumped at the chance to escape this awful situation.
“Trust you to make a bomb a symbol of love.” The doctor smirked.
Warnings for this chapter: hints of suicide, hospital scenes, description of car accident, mentions of blood and stabbing.
Back in the present for this chapter. As ever this is just for fun and thank you for all the comments and kudos! Warnings at the end of the chapter.
He walked over to the left hand window in the living room, behind his chair, itching to pick up his violin and drown reality away.
He turned round to face the other man, who had once again sat himself on the sofa. His eyes were focused on John and the older man could see the bruise he had put there blossoming on that distinctive cheekbone.
They had automatically found their way back to Baker Street and it had seemed like the most natural thing to do. He had fallen asleep to violin music in his old bed, with hope for tomorrow.
The detective reassessed the 200 roses that covered the living room of 221b. Some were in vases and others had been broken apart, petals scattered over every surface. There was a circle in the middle of the room where you could still see the carpet and that’s where Sherlock planned to propose to John. He had gone to Molly for advice about the best way to go about it and, after the initial squealing and shock at finding out what Sherlock planned to do, she had told him he needed to make it as romantic as possible. So he had googled ‘What is romantic?’. The results had been....varied to say the least and had confused Sherlock to no end. Lots of sites suggested PDA and unexpected gifts, which didn’t really seem appropriate for a marriage proposal. Whereas others suggested basket weaving and skydiving together, but the detective didn’t think that he would be able to get a ring out and ask John to marry him when they were hurtling through the sky together (or when he was trying to navigate a basket).
“And I wasn’t there...”
John blushed in embarrassment “We can’t all be consulting detectives.” He bounced back.
John enjoyed watching Lestrade, as he stared at him, his mouth agape. “You do like a bit of drama you two don’t you? You couldn’t have just bloody told me?”
For Finn however, the adoption had sparked a significant change in his behaviour. He had always been fairly cautious in his interactions with both John and Sherlock. He had of course had emotional outbursts, but usually because he didn’t understand this new world he had found himself in and he got frustrated with himself. He had been seeing a counsellor and John and Sherlock didn’t press him about what was discussed in these sessions. They had got him into a very good school for pastoral care, meaning his emotional needs were everyone’s priorities rather than his academic abilities. He tried a lot of new things, some of which he hated (football and knitting) and some of which he loved (reading and table tennis), and he seemed to be finding himself more and more as time went on. He became confident in asking questions if he didn’t understand what was going on (like why Santa had never visited him before now at Christmas  - John had fielded that one like the soldier he was) also if he was curious about something (like why Sherlock and John couldn’t get married – Sherlock had been on his own for that one and had floundered, but got through it).
John’s eyebrows lifted in challenge at Sherlock, before he knelt down and met Finn’s eyes. “I like you Finn, I think we are going to get along just fine.” The boy broke into a beautiful smile and John held out his hand. “I’m John Watson, a pleasure to meet you.”
Sherlock smiled faintly and handed him a steaming mug of tea, before joining John on the couch with his own cup.
2 years before
“What?!” She exclaimed. “Why do you want to be normal? You despise normality!”
“Before he forgave me, I had been.....not me. I had been careful, polite and considerate.” His son let out a bark of laughter in disbelief at this. The detective half smiled, a mischievous glint in his eye. “Once I had his forgiveness however, I felt I could be myself again. So I pushed the envelope a little bit and caused some mayhem at Baker Street......”
He had completely turned on her and everything she had worked for came tumbling down around her. He had ridiculed her ‘ramblings', he had accused her of being jealous, disloyal and crazy. He had wanted nothing more to do with her. He had said he would do her the mercy of not killing her, as he had 'liked her a bit once’.
John turned round to look at him, as he finished hanging his coat up. He was slightly surprised by the other man’s tone. “I was working.”
Sherlock nodded “Of course. If our son lets us."
And now the bloody madman had turned it all upside down again and John was still reeling from the shock of it. His hand still ached from the punch he had landed on one of those ridiculously high cheekbones and he was currently sorting out some ice to sooth the pain.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I know” Sherlock interrupted “You asked me not be dead. I was there.”
Being dead had been a not boring experience too, but for different reasons.
“Don’t ever let me go again Sherlock....please” the other man’s voice was thick with emotion and the words almost broke Sherlock's fragile heart.
Sherlock was feeling his emotions prickling his senses “Well if you take me on a case, I won’t be here for him to wake up to.”
“I’ll be in touch.” John offered, as he kissed the other man’s cheek. Sherlock nodded and gestured with his hand to indicate he should go. John could give him this, he could give him his privacy to fall apart. He turned and walked out of the door, grabbing his coat on the way.
Sherlock and John go on a case together
Sherlock stared at the scene in front of him. The red seemed to overtake his senses, the colour was everywhere. He had spent a long time staging the scene exactly how he wanted it.
John always knew the right thing to say and his whole endeavour seemed ridiculous now. “Does that mean you would have said no?”
“But I do!” the detective cut her off. “I can’t lose him Molly! He stares at me so blankly, without a shred of love or even happiness in his eyes and that’s with me being nice and polite! What would he be like if I was truly myself? Inconsiderate, abrupt and narcissistic? How would he look at me then huh?”
Their eyes met at this and Sherlock nodded in brief understanding.
John had turned back to the task at hand and the blog, some of the things that Sherlock apparently had deduced had seemed incredible, if true. John had never seen it for himself, not really. Sherlock couldn’t do it with him, as he likely knew everything there was to know about his husband and the detective hadn’t really tried.
He had nodded in disbelief and had settled in for the night on the sofa. That had been in the early hours of the morning and he must have fallen asleep.
He swiftly spun out of the room, giving John his first glimpse of his trademark Belstaff flair. He was once again moving through the hospital, but this time he was moving away from John. He didn’t see anybody he knew in the corridor, which was just how he needed it. He deduced the surroundings and located the nearest supply closet. A quick pick of the lock later and he had ensconced himself in there.
John put his hand to his head as the snippets of a long forgotten conversation floated round his head. He could feel the frustration and the.....jealousy of his past self, but he couldn’t fully remember the context, just that this woman....
He decided at that moment that he wanted to know this side of Sherlock, just as much as he loved the unstoppable force he had known. He also knew that he would forgive him. He wouldn’t tell Sherlock that yet of course, but he knew that he would forgive him. That he would,  whatever the reason behind it, because that’s what people do.
His endeavour was abruptly interrupted, as Sherlock’s door burst open, revealing the man himself. “A case John!” the detective exclaimed. He was actually dressed and was shouldering on his jacket, as he moved through the kitchen.
John had listened, clenching his fists and noticeably holding his tongue at times, but he had managed to keep his anger in check....for the most part. He had let out derisive snorts and rolled his eyes at various intervals. He had blurted out questions when his frustration got the better of him.
John felt as lost as ever.
“Do you want to talk about it?” Greg asked gently.
This kiss had more passion to it and soon their mouths were opening up to each other, tongues dancing. Sherlock pulled his doctor closer, their bodies coming together. John’s hand had moved up to his neck and was pulling him down to him as close as possible. They were snogging like he had heard people did when they were teenagers. John eventually ended the kiss and pulled him into a tight hug.
He was speechless and he grabbed his hair in frustration. This was it, this was the final straw – the man he knew was gone and all he was left with was this ghost to haunt him. He finally pulled his hands away and stood up straight, looking the other man directly in the eye. With as much determination as he had in his being he finally spat out “You are not my John and you never will be!”
“Oh no you were there alright, I saw you as you were about to leave with Sarah.” He almost spat her name and the doctor was amazed that he had said it right.
“The way he spoke about you was so full of....love and I had never witnessed or experienced that before. I wanted to meet this man, who was worthy of my Sherlock.” Finn laughed “It’s so embarrassing to think of that now, how much I was in awe of him.”
John shook his head as another glimpse of his past surfaced in his brain. He looked at Sherlock’s expectant face and half nodded, before leaving Baker Street. He couldn't answer the man's question out loud - too much of a coward to say what he really wanted to.
But maybe Sherlock was ok with that, because he could do something about it. Even though he knew suicide wasn’t the real end game, he knew in that moment he would have done it anyway. To save them. To save the lives they could live.
“Due to the significant length of your relationship with Mary, to be up all night engaging in sexual intercourse indicates a celebration of sorts and a big one at that.”
...and everything had changed.
During his subsequent time away, he had worked with an unrivalled determination that he didn’t know he possessed to destroy Moriarty’s web. It had been difficult, but he had wanted to get what needed to be done as quickly as possible. He had needed to get back to John.
“Thank you Molly”
“Not from where I was standing.”
Once John had moved out, she had known she had to act quickly, she wasn’t going to miss her chance this time. She had believed those two would probably find a way back to each other, they always would.
John rolled his eyes “You show off to me every day, what makes this any different?”
If he woke up.
Finn blinked and looked away, Sherlock squeezed his hand “You don’t have to stay strong either.” He implored.
We are flashing back to the past again, as Sherlock and John face the challenges of raising a child. Warnings at the end of the chapter
And what did normal people do? They got married.
“It’s not an advantage, as you have physical evidence of right before your eyes,” Mycroft threw back at him “but it is also unavoidable, even for people like you and me. I know that now.”
John snorted at that, of course it was always about Sherlock Holmes. How true that was.
This chapter is another flashback and you will probably recognise some nodds to THAT moment in season 4. This is how I would have liked it to go and with Mary out of the way I thought I would play out what could have been. I own nothing of course and this is all just for fun. Thanks for all the kudos, I'm enjoying spreading my artistic wings!
Once again his ordinary doctor had quieted his brain and given him focus. And he was focused, he had left Lestrade in his wake and rushed to the hospital.
His ‘forced’ confession. He had forgiven Sherlock and the detective had ended up making a joke of it. Of course he had – what else had John expected? Tears, hugs and an outpouring of emotions? Had he forgotten who Sherlock Holmes was?
John looked at the hand and looked back at ‘Anderson’ and did not return the gesture. “Mr Anderson, whether I have regained my memories or not I don’t appreciate you speaking about my husband in that way and would kindly ask that you leave us both to do what we have come here to do.”
Now that Sherlock and John are finally together, the detective wants his doctor to move back in to Baker Street.
“Coo-eee!” Mrs Hudson’s voice broke through his thoughts “Sherlock dear you have a visitor!”. Her head popped round the doorway and he smiley disposition fell as she saw him. “Oh Sherlock! Why aren’t you dressed and you have a perfectly good shirt that you are ruining!”
“Former" John clarified, embarrassed at his slip of the tongue. “Perhaps we should agree to not discuss our romantic....endeavours with each other anymore"
“Neither did I” The doctor admitted. He had been just as surprised as Greg when Sherlock had said he wanted to marry him. “He must have been bored when he suggested it to me.”
Warnings: descriptions of hospital situations, mentions of drug use.
“It’s a close thing Sherlock, but he’s not gone yet. He’s going to need to fight for it, but he’s got a chance.”
“You said she meant the most to you.” Sherlock tried to speak, but John wouldn’t let him get a word in. “And if that’s the case Sherlock, you should grab it with both hands.” His voice had a frayed, emotional edge to them.
Sherlock grinned and grabbed John round the waist, pulling their bodies together. His breath was hot against his ear as he whispered, “Oh my dear Watson, who said we are going to need a bed.” John then found himself yanked in the air and thrown on the kitchen table (he would never admit to the surprised yelp he made in the process).
John nodded in response. “At the crime scene, after you deduced who the killer was from my....stupidity.”
The smaller man laughed and finally pulled away from the embrace. “I’m sure he can come out of retirement.”
Mary had asked him to marry her.
Sherlock had surprised him on the day with this little addition to his ring, which didn’t help his nerves. John understood what Sherlock was trying to say. They knew each other better than anyone and still loved each other for it. That their friendship was at the core of everything and that would never falter. Who knew what was round the corner? John had already had so many unexpected twists and turns in his life, mostly for the better, but no matter what his best friend would be by his side – that’s what Sherlock was promising.
One thing he was sure of was that he had never been more in love with the man in that moment. The near-death experience may have helped, but John knew it was more that that....bigger than that.
He had his family back.
“Please John" he interrupted again “Please come back to me. I’ll fight for you, I won’t give up on you – on us. I never really did. Please don’t give up on us either – on me. Please don’t marry-"
Sherlock was watching the kettle boil, as he listened to Finn carry on about Rachel – his girlfriend. When had their boy become old enough to have a girlfriend?
John turned up not long after him, whilst Sherlock was investigating the corpse and the room. They were in a terraced town house on the first floor in one the bedrooms. There was an attic floor above and ground floor.
“Yes" he almost sobbed.
Sherlock was bouncing a ball of elastic bands off the lab wall, not quite a squash ball, but he wasn’t planning on faking his own death today. He was sat on the floor in Molly’s lab at Bart’s, Belstaff off and shirt sleeves rolled up, bouncing the ball off the opposite wall.
He loosened the embrace and looked John in the eyes again. “So you see, my dear doctor, we have done all the necessary components of courtship, I would call it a few years of interesting foreplay.”
“That last one isn’t so normal Sherlock.” John had finally found his voice.
“Finn” he breathed aloud, turning to stand and wrap his arms around his 19 year old son.
“Would complete you as a human being.” John finished for him determinedly “And if you have an opportunity you should take it. Whoever it is, whether it’s Molly or Irene. If you love somebody, you should tell them, take the risk, because before you know it that chance is gone....seemingly forever.”
“I know” John sympathised “But think how much more you can help, once you have your education.”
Blue eyes looked up and met his. Hands reached out and grabbed his forearms, Sherlock was sure he was the only thing keeping the man upright.
“Actually I already asked him” Finn said nonchalantly.
After saying goodbye to Lestrade, John made his way home to Baker Street and found Sherlock laying on the sofa in his mind palace. He had already checked that Finn was safely asleep, before he went to the kitchen and flicked the kettle on to make a brew before bed.
“It is neither of your Birthdays soon and a job promotion would only really excite one partner. Pregnancy would not be an automatic celebration, due to your situation with Finn and myself. So that only leaves...” John could see the moment the penny dropped in that brilliant brain of his.
And now she had convinced the stupid army doctor to marry her.
“About pride and respect?” he queried, as the doctor nodded. “You are the person I respect most in this world and what I am most proud of in my life.”
Sherlock halted at this and considered. He looked at the cold cases strewn across the room, in his usual messy fashion. John would have something to say about that, he was sure. The hospital room had started to resemble Baker Street, except without the warmth and homeliness. He didn’t want to admit it (and he never would out loud), but Lestrade was right. John wouldn’t want him camping out here and, as he looked over to his unmoving husband, Sherlock was losing that hope that he would ever wake up......and the longer Sherlock stayed here, the sooner he would have to face that fact.
“I don’t think you plan to deal with pathetic old men.” John scoffed.
He had gone to visit his best friend.
“But what if I’m not enough?”
He had survived his fall and he had returned to John....John had to return to him. He had to.
John held him tightly, breathing him in. Would this be the last time they did this? “Sherlock-“
“Excuse me?!” he could feel his Captain Watson voice permeating every word.
Thanks for the comments and kudos. This is a flashback scene from when Sherlock returns from the fall. This breaks away from canon, as it has only been a year since Sherlock jumped, although I have used elements from the show. Hopefully it isn't too confusing, I will be jumping between the two timelines until we get to the scene in the prologue. Hope you enjoy! Warnings at the end of the chapter.
On seeing Mary Finn’s smile dropped “Oh hi Mary" he said awkwardly.
The statement stunned them both in to silence and the adrenalin and the fire seemed to seep out of the room, but the tension remained. Sherlock didn’t regret the words, but the conviction in which he had said them was wavering.
“Mmmhmm” the detective had replied into John’s hair. “I was contemplating an experiment and I think you can help”
John’s eyes opened again to find Sherlock’s, but he continued as if he hadn’t heard his words. “I took you to the circus.”
What followed had been the best years of Mary’s life since James' death. She had revelled in Sherlock’s misery, as he had watched his husband disappear before his eyes. John Watson could no longer remember Sherlock Holmes. What better torture than that? It had been brilliant, it had been exquisite and it had been all because of her. James would be so proud, she knew it.
John stared at him “.....but I don’t know if I can ever be that man again.”
He felt John’s hand pull him to a stop in the middle of the kitchen and he turned to look at him in confusion. “John?”
“Hmmm it was mainly before you were together. I never asked, but I’m guessing once that happened you made him sleep on the sofa.” He laughed and John tried to smile “But my sofa is always available to you John.”
“You would have married someone else and I would have done something a bit not good and been sent somewhere where no one could find me –“
Sherlock was very much resisting the urge to wrap his arms around his doctor and protect him from his demons. “Nightmares?” he offered instead. John looked resigned, as his eyes found Sherlock’s, he nodded “I was having my own, so you didn’t wake me.”
“It’s called a mind palace.” He clarified.
Who knew it could happen? Sherlock and John examples of a healthy relationship.
I'm slowly but surely getting through thia fic. I do have it all planned out - I just need to write it! Thanks for stickimg with me if you are still here. As ever this is just for fun.
“I tried to woo you with a double bedroom at a cosy B&B.”
Finn sighed “Is he worried?” At John’s frown, he continued “Since...” he gestured to John. “He’s been asking how serious it is, how I feel about her, whether I really want to tie myself down. I think he’s trying to save me from heartbreak.”
“Like you were wrapped up in her?”
The doctor frowned and grabbed Sherlock’s arms, to pull him back into a loose embrace. “We have just found each other.”
Finn's smile widened “But you do in Dad’s eyes and that’s all that matters.”
“Yes, Finn.” ‘Sherlock’ replied.
That was one thing that John was definitely sure of.
“Yes!” John smiled and let out a relieving chuckle. “We might not have our family.”
“Oh so Sherlock and I used to fight a lot then?” he asked.
“John I-“ Sherlock tried to explain, but John held up his hand. “I think we have talked enough for now. I’m going to go and I don’t know when I will be back.” John said with a frightening finality.
Sherlock nodded and Finn grinned at his uncle, before stepping past him out of the room. The detective took a deep breath “Lead the way Mycroft. Let’s go and see my husband.” His brother nodded and followed Finn’s path down the bustling corridor.
The detective frowned “I didn’t say I was obnoxious.”
“I sense a but coming along”
John snorted and laughed, the moment broken. Sherlock smiled and swooped down to kiss him, stopping him mid laugh. The kiss was soft and long and full of mirth. John revelled in it.
“Don’t give him ideas!” He laughed and then there was a natural lull in the conversation. John rarely talked about his relationship with Sherlock, well except with the man himself and there tended to be more doing than talking with his husband. He looked down into his pint and swirled the remaining liquid around his glass, unsure what to say next.
Now John had kissed him.
“Tea would be lovely.” He quipped, as John rolled his eyes.
He turned to face the other man and John stepped back. “Your husband.” He said, because, even though he wasn’t the man he had known, John had never been stupid (despite what Sherlock thought sometimes).
It had been a few months since he woke up from his coma and he was still trying to adjust to the new life he had found himself in. He had gradually started back at work, doing shifts in A&E, which (like everything) was taking a while to get used to, especially after the chaos of Afghanistan.
Ok that’s how.
“Yes, but your stupidity helps the process.” Sherlock replied.
John was staring at the ceiling, unable to sleep. Mary was snoring softly beside him, probably knackered from their earlier activities. John however hadn’t been able to switch his brain off, despite his physical tiredness.
Sherlock knew John was right, but “I wanted to be normal....for once. I wanted to have what everyone else has. A normal life.”
“Careful Sherlock” the other man warned, anger lighting his eyes.
Sherlock was not dead.
Would that be the last time they kissed?
“Come on.” Lestrade repeated “John’s already on his way, let’s get you to the hospital.”
He would remember Lestrade saying “Right come on Sherlock they are getting him ready to move. Do you want to go in the ambulance or with me?”
He was with John.
Wisps of the dream were floating through his mind, but he couldn’t quite grasp on to them. The arousal coursing through him though certainly confirmed the nature of the dream though. He closed his eyes in frustration, he wished he could remember or at least have finished the dream.
“Huh finally admitting you feel more than lust for our dear detective inspector Mycroft? Your super villain facade is slipping.”
John was sitting in Sherlock’s chair.
Sherlock Holmes was back and maybe John Watson was too.
“But I’m not....he’s not. I’m walking blindly through a life that everybody understands, but me. I’m trying to live in someone else’s shoes. I’m trying to save a marriage that I don’t remember vowing to. I am trying to be a father to a son I don’t even remember meeting.” Finn was crying at this point, slow tears running down his cheek. “Oh god, I’m sorry” he put his head in his hand “I shouldn’t be saying this to you. I should be supporting you, protecting you from this. I can’t even get that right, some father I am turning out to be. Forgive me.”
He suddenly felt hands massaging his shoulders. “Having second thoughts already?” Sherlock murmured in his ear.
“Sherlock would you just-“
Sherlock’s eyes widened almost comically at this. It definitely hadn’t entered his normally brilliant head then. John continued “Or foster at least at first. See how we fit, we could at least give him a safe space and....love, until he finds his forever home. We can make sure it’s somewhere perfect for him, even if that place isn’t with us. I don’t know how safe our lifestyle is for a 10 year old, but we can adapt and maybe.....with some luck and hard work we could be his forever home.”
“I hate how you both can read me like a book.” John admitted, shaking his head.
“Sherlock Holmes, you tried to create the perfect proposal for me and I ruined it, but despite all your meticulous planning what you just said was bloody brilliant and I wouldn’t trade that for all the roses, candles or blow jobs in the world. I don’t think I can match that with my own words, but I'll try my best to be as romantic as possible." Sherlock smiled. "Before I met you life was pretty.....grey and you have brought so much colour to it. You challenge me and make me a better person. There is no one I have ever met that I have connected with the way I connect with you. It feels so natural and so.....perfect and it’s the imperfect moments like this that makes it so. I want to spend the rest of my life with you and I don’t need a piece of paper or a ring to give me the assurance that that will happen, but I would love for the world to know that we are each other's. So my dearest detective, will you marry me?”
“Sherlock....you just faked your own death and I forgave you.” The other man paused for effect. “There’s not much worse you can do than that.” Sherlock opened his mouth to speak, but John put his finger up to halt him “And that’s not a challenge.” He warned.
Sherlock smirked, oh it was good to be back.
All these thoughts ran through John’s head, but he wasn’t brave enough for any of them to come out.
“And Finn would have been without us.”
But Sherlock was definitely aware of the doctor’s presence now, despite his current intense text conversation with another man. Said gentleman had actually interrupted their morning bedroom activities, which had also been suffering recently. He had almost resented the text from Lestrade as it had come in.
