Despite claiming to be in my literature class, Castiel doesn’t show up. I don’t see him for the rest of the day, either.
“Hey there, pretty thing,” a low voice says from behind me. I jerk when a hand touches my naked ass cheek. It makes the person laugh, the sound dark and awful. “Don’t be afraid little omega. I know you’re confused. No one was helping you. No one taught you your place. We’ll take care of you, though. We’ll help you be a good little omega for us. You can just shut your tiny brain off and stop trying to even think. Just let the men handle things.”
“Now stand for me.” Dean uses Castiel’s knees to heave himself to his feet. He situates his arms behind his back and looks at Castiel for his next instructions.
“Can’t turn down an invite like that.” I slowly climb onto the bed, stalking him like he’s prey until I’m settled between his legs. “Can I touch you too?”
slave. Willing or not, that’s who I was. Once I let go of that, it was like I was free to figure out what else I was about now.”
He hopes he can work out some sort of arrangement with Castiel Novak. Dean would never force or pressure Castiel for sex, but he thinks he might burst if he tries to go the rest of his life without it. If Castiel wants their marriage to be professional instead of sexual, that’s fine, but the sex issue will need to be rectified somehow. Dean Winchester does
That wasn’t what Dean was expecting. His eyes involuntarily glance toward the hall that leads to the playroom. “Well, it’s kind of a funny story, actually.”
Dean, however, looks like a kid on Christmas as he lounges on the u-shaped couch in the dressing area of a fancy boutique he reserved for the afternoon, he and Benny enjoying glasses of champagne as Dean watches Castiel get measured and prodded by the tailor with a childish grin. He's
“Is he gonna let him come?” Castiel asks in a breathy, needy voice that makes Dean want to drag him away to the nearest dark corner and fuck him up against the wall.
Frowning, Dean closes the fridge and cups the side of Castiel's face. "Be honest with me, how much have you eaten since you came here?"
“Yeah. I’m sure.” Alistair pats him on the shoulder, then winks at Castiel. “Have fun tonight, little red. Don’t let the big bad wolf scare you away.”
The doctor catches his reaction, pausing with his pen hovering over the chart. "I'm sorry. Am I incorrect that you are engaged to Mr. Winchester?"
"God no." Dean laughs. The sound draws a breath from Castiel before the man laughs a little too. "Just soon. It's time, don't you think? We're strong enough now."
"He doesn't want me!" I sob, cutting Castiel off. Maybe the alpha can fix this. Maybe he can tell me how to be a better omega for Castiel. I turn to face him, needing him to help. "I dunno what I'm doin' wrong."
Castiel even smiles. "Mhhm," he hums in agreement, moving his head to nuzzle at Dean's hand that's resting on his cheek.
“Speaking of live-in relationships,” Charlie says over the rim of her cup, smirking. Everyone perks up except Dean - and they all notice that, every set of eyes falling on him.
“I’ll talk to Bobby when the moon is new. Hopefully, I can convince him to work with us. At the very least, he has to admit that the boy is going to need to know. Even if it’s Bobby that tells him. Even if we’re not allowed to be involved.”
Before Castiel can ask any questions, he dribbles lube over the sound and begins to press it into his slit. Castiel jerks, Dean easing up right away. The monster in him pouts, but he remembers the rules. No lasting damage.
"Thanks. And I could try to, ya know," Castiel trails off again, the blush traveling all the way to the tips of his ears. "I mean, if you need it. I don't want you to suffer. So, I could, ya know. See if I can do it."
I take his hand, his bare skin much warmer than mine. Something pools in my stomach. A warmth. Then a shiver as a particularly hard gust of wind passes by us. I drop his hand and curl my arms around my waist with a laugh. “It’s colder here than I expected.”
"Maybe you could tell Dean what we've been working on together these past 2 years?" Same tone as before. Not a question.
Castiel nods, something heavy and unfamiliar clogging his throat. He coughs, trying to clear it, but it’s still there, choking him as he whispers, “He said he still loves me.”
Not knowing what to say, Castiel just nods. The panic is still there, thrumming right beneath the surface, and he’s afraid it’ll burst again.
“Room service.” Benny’s voice is high and accented with… some sort of accent. Whatever it is, it’s awful. He does this little waddle and places the tray on the side table closest to Castiel. “Bon appetit!”
Bobby pauses on the doorstep. I listen to his heartbeat, stunned to hear it remain steady. He knew. He already figured it out. Bobby confirms this, turning back to speak to my father’s face. “He has the gene, but he never presented. John took him away from here. His only wish in life was to keep Dean away from this. Out of everyone, you should respect that.”
Dean stares at the table as he considers that. He laughs under his breath when he realizes they aren’t helping with a damn thing. “Guess they don’t do much of anything. Think it just makes everyone else feel better to know I’m on them.”
"First question," Dean says in that steady, low voice of his that he sometimes uses in the playroom when he's considering what to do next. He's stalking in front of the man as he speaks, expensive dress shoes snicking seductively against the cement floor. He looks unbelievably sexy. "How long have you been working for the angel's?"
"Okay." He wipes his face with the sleeve of his sweater before meeting my eyes. His heartbeat picks up again, and despite our thread being the way it is, I detect a bit of fear. "Please don't do that again… with Benny. I'm not your property, and I can take care of myself."
“At breakfast. Just rip it off like a band-aid. Then Sam knows everything too. We can have each other’s backs.”
Dean watches Castiel awkwardly pick at something on his knee that doesn’t see to actually exist, his fingers trembling as they move. He can tell Castiel didn’t think it was stupid. It’s clear that Castiel wants to try it. “Make an appointment, then. We’ll go.”
Knowing things will just get worse if he focuses on Dean, Castiel decides to look around instead. The restaurant is nice.
Clinging to Dean like his life depends on it - because it does, doesn't it? - Castiel asks, "Am - am I really a Winchester?"
“I want you to be happy,” I tell him quietly, needing him to understand this. “That’s all that matters to me.”
A quick glance at the clock has Castiel smiling. "You're 3 minutes away from coming. Are you excited?"
Unable to breathe, let alone speak, I just nod and let go. I shouldn’t have let him take it. My locker combo is on it. My entire schedule. Even my student account for lunches. But, for some reason, the strangest fucking reason, I trust him.
So, Castiel makes a decision. He steps forward, puts a hand to Dean’s forehead, and says, “It’s going to be okay.”
Dean rolls off of Castiel's body, off his bed, hopping up to his feet. He grabs his shirt and angrily tugs it on. "Whatever. I'm just gonna go home."
Castiel’s head snaps up, his eyes widening. “Are you sure? He - he knows everything. He’ll want to talk about our past.”
“What made you dream about having children, Castiel? You’ve never let yourself even consider such a thing.”
Castiel shivers when their skin touches, then sighs in satisfaction. Their hard cocks press together. Both leaking. He feels Dean’s chest hitch as he tries to control his breathing. Tries to stay calm. It makes Castiel smile to know that he has enough of a pull on Dean where he can unravel the man.
"Who is eating the fancy feast if there's no cat?" Castiel looks between the two of them, clearly thinking he has them beat. "Who else besides a cat, huh?"
When Castiel wakes up the morning after the coffee incident, Dean pours a cup for him and sets it on the table in front of Castiel. “This way you don’t even have the chance to spill.”
Dean just smirks. Gabriel sees it and lunges. He gets a good swing in, connecting with Dean's temple. But then Dean is using his momentum against him, turning them so Gabriel is suddenly pinned to the wall. Dean holds him there with one hand on his neck, and the other clenching a fistful of his jacket. Gabriel doesn't back down. He just growls and spits out, “You hurt him and I’ll fucking end you.”
"Get the fuck outta my head," Dean growls, crushing his red solo cup in his hand and not caring when beer sprays everywhere.
“Than’ you,” Castiel says again, probably unaware that the topic has shifted. “Thank - thanks’y - th - than’ - thank y’ - ooooo - than’ you - thank-”
Max is in a glittery, sequined suit jacket that looks like a goldish color. His pants, undershirt, and tie are all a simple black. There’s a pink rose on his lapel and a bouquet of matching ones mixed with other shades of pink and red roses in his hands. He also has some sort of… crown on his head. It looks like a wildflower crown that kids would make, but it’s rosegold instead.
They try again. The plug is at the same level, but now sir is reaching around and groping him through the front of his pants, Castiel able to feel how the front of his panties are getting soaked in precum.
"So?" Castiel prompts. The nerves in his voice are clear, and when Dean glances at him he's shifting his weight back and forth from his left foot to his right.
“What does the future husband think of him?” Ketch asks before Dean can answer Cole. “What was that kid’s name? Castiel?”
“Just for that day.” Dean looks over at Castiel again. This time, though, he keeps his gaze focused on him. He stays quiet until Castiel forces himself to look back at him. When their eyes lock, Dean says, “Everything you did before that was the old Cas. The bad Cas. The Cas your father made you into. I forgave you a long time ago for being him. But the Cas that left me that day? That broke those promises and abandoned me?
. I helped him. Taught him. We - I - he -” Castiel pushes off the couch and walks toward the window. He watches as Dean stands up, only for the doctor to coax him into sitting back down.
Castiel looks over Dean’s shoulder and makes eye contact with his best friend, who is still kneeling but has lifted his chin to watch the two of them. Gabriel shakes his head slowly, eyebrows pulling in. An apology. Regret. Grief.
“In my defense,” I whisper. “I didn’t know if you would still be here or not. I thought maybe you’d wake up while I was gone and head home.”
Dean's phone starts to buzz just as he's sitting down at his favorite off-campus coffee shop. He pulls it from his pocket and smiles at the unfamiliar number, hoping it's the boy that spent the night in his bed. "Hello?"
Dean's heart races, the beat of it so intense it clogs the bottom of his throat. He takes another swig of Jack Daniels as the phone continues ringing. It's late. Sam's probably sleeping. Or out having fun like a typical college kid. He could be -
As Dean strokes him with the pad of his thumb, the gorgeous man talks to Castiel in a low, soothing voice. “This affects nothing. Your worth does
“Shhh. Hush, now, sweetheart. Hush. I’ve got you. You trust me, right?” Castiel nods frantically, tears falling down his cheeks from where they’re spilling past his blindfold. Dean’s chest aches. His poor, sweet boy. So good for him. Always so good. But always so strung out and anxious too.
My own body tenses for a moment as I look up at him in surprise. All it takes is his hesitant, yet dopey smile for me to admit the truth though. “Yeah, Cas. I love you.”
Everyone assures him he’ll find out any day now. That not everyone figures it out by their sixteenth birthday.
Charlie scoffs. "First of all, I'm a dom like him, and he trained me, so I've gotten to watch him in action quite a bit. Second of all, people in the community talk, and that man is the holy grail. And
Benny takes a simple light blue pocket square that matches the dress shirt beneath Dean’s vest and suit jacket, placing it in Dean’s pocket with a presidential fold.
Benny is clearly unaffected. It doesn’t even bother him that the boy talked to him in a very rude tone. “Castiel, hey man. This is Dean.”
Feeling himself getting close, Dean reaches around to the bunny’s front and takes his tiny penis in his large hand. The boy gasps as Dean strokes the soft peach fuzz that dusts the extremely sensitive appendage. Little moans and pants and, “Alpha, Alpha, Alpha’s,” fall from the sweet bun’s lips as he both tries to escape the hand and tries to push harder against it.
“Well, for one, he’s too well behaved. No fun at all. Two, he looks for relationships, which I don’t do. Or, well,
“I know.” And Castiel does. He knows. It’s just… “Is that why I cut myself? Because… because I like it?”
They have their first fight 24 minutes after Dean's feet hit the Seattle sidewalk outside of the airport. Castiel is driving, and Dean is fiddling nervously with his phone. He was trying to work up the courage to ask where they were headed, knowing at some point he'd have to be honest to Castiel about a decision Dean made before coming.
Dean’s nervous - like, about to piss himself, can’t get his hands to stop shaking, wants to beg Castiel to bring him home RIGHT NOW, nervous - but he does his best to hide it. He gives everyone his charming smile, makes the oral surgeon laugh, and winks at the nurse. He declines the extra blanket even though they warn it might get cold. He chuckles at the old school little movie he has to watch that explains the procedure. He hides his shaking hands beneath his thighs. He makes jokes at Castiel’s expense because the gorgeous blue eyed man looks like he might pass out.
Castiel bites down on his lip, not sure what to do now. He wasn’t prepared for a third party. Does he beg for mercy? Beg Benny to help him? Or would that scare Benny off?
Dean squirms, clearly trying to hide his face, but Castiel holds his chin in a tight grip to keep him on display. It just makes Dean’s blush ten times worse. Castiel kisses each red cheek, then rubs the tip of his nose against Dean’s. “I’ve missed that blush of yours.”
Castiel makes a face, but it’s clear he’s fighting a smile. “I mean, that sounds much more boring than what we were just doing, but if you insist.”
A choked growl escapes him and he quickly pulls back, turning his face away from me as he inhales. His body is trembling slightly. His blinks are hard and fast. His breathing is labored.
The man locks up, body going taut as he stares at Dean in true fear now. Dean chuckles at the reaction. It wasn't hard to find out who this man is. It was even easier to find out who he was working for. The angels had kept him off the payroll as if that would stop Ash from figuring it out. All Ash had to do was look at the idiot's phone records. He's been at the Angel mansion every day for the last 2 weeks.
“Shhh.” I slide my hand beneath the hem of his sweater, skating my fingertips along the buttery skin of his side. He shivers, goosebumps rising beneath my touch. When I reach one of his nipples, his breath hitches. “That feel good?” I tease, thumbing the nub until he’s moaning again.
Knowing he’s right, I take a deep breath and lunge forward, shifting mid-air. The two of us land in unison, paws digging into the soft ground. It feels good. Really fucking good.
The need to calm and comfort Castiel bubbles up in Dean’s chest and he can feel the power to do so in the tips of his fingers. He clenches his fists at his sides and steps back. “I’m sorry.”
Sam says something about not going in the fucking ocean when it’s this cold out. Gabe says Dean’s feet will be like blocks of ice.
Two hours later, after bingeing the first six episodes, drinking their beer and eating every last crumb of food, and turning pruney despite the bath keeping the water warm, they finally get out of the tub and pathetically stumble to the bedroom as they try their best to hurry and dry off.
Dean touches a row of gags of different sizes and shapes. He opens a heavy wooden chest that comes up and out, presenting him with three wooden shelves. One displays dildos and vibrators. Another displays anal hooks and beads. The third displays a variety of plugs.
"Okay. Cool. So, um, this is Cas. Castiel." The boy clears his throat before laughing awkwardly under his breath. "I'm the guy-"
“That’s for punishments only. The collar holds most of your weight, though your knees resting there helps a bit. It chokes you but not fully. Not enough to make you pass out. Just enough to keep you floating and dizzy. And the fucking machine built into it there, it’s made specifically for this piece of furniture. For safety reasons, it’d be quite the gamble to use a regular machine. This one can only go so hard and so fast. It’s also attached to the sensors in the collar that keeps track of your pulse. It stops fucking you and an obnoxious beeper goes off if your pulse gets too low or too high.”
Castiel tries speaking. He tries very fucking hard. Whatever noises that come out of his mouth, though, aren’t words. They’re barely even proper syllables. Is this his prostate? He didn’t even think that was real. Well, obviously it’s real, people can get prostate cancer and all that, but he didn’t think this part of it was real. He figured that was just something they made up for those cheesy romance novels he most definitely did
With a shudder, Castiel gives into his desires and sucks sir's cock greedily. He still tries to be quiet, wanting to preserve at least a
Gripping his hair with two tight as fuck fists, Dean pins Castiel’s head to the mattress and starts to ride the dildo, giving Castiel no chance at having even the illusion of control. Dean’s cock bobs above him, hitting his forehead from time to time and smearing precum against it. Castiel starts crying again. He’s not sure why.
“Okay. So, this is the magazine.” Dean says loudly as he holds up a rectangular hunk of metal that has bullets stacked inside it. He places the magazine at the bottom of the gun and shoves it in hard until it clicks into place. With his left hand, he grabs the top of the gun and pulls it back - racking it, as Castiel remembers him saying. Dean looks at Castiel, making sure he’s watching, then arranges his hands exactly as he had with Castiel’s and flips the safety off with his thumb.
Just as Dean’s daydreaming about Castiel giving him a blow job in the back of that sweet Camaro they’ve been working on in shop class, Dean hears a locker slam shut. He startles but doesn’t think anything of it because that’s normal to hear. Sure, it seemed a bit louder than usual, as if it had happened right over his shoulder, but still.
“Well, if that’s the case, then thank you.” Dean takes it, hoping Castiel doesn’t see the way his hand trembles when he reaches out. “He didn’t poison it did he?”
Castiel shivers. His hole clenches so hard the part of the anal beads that are still sticking out of him bobs in the air. Dean nearly chokes on his own tongue as he imagines what that squeeze would have felt like on his cock.
Castiel’s just fucking glad Dean stepped into the room in the first place. Everything after that has been a fantastic surprise.
As always, thanks for you patience and awesome comments and general greatness <3 I love each and every one of you lovely people!
The sound comes again. Louder. Metal instruments on a table, clinking together, a daunting sound in the otherwise silent dungeon. Castiel swallows a whimper.
After a brief moment of awkwardness, Dean tentatively wraps his arms around Jimmy’s body and pulls him in so he’s the little spoon to Dean’s big one. “This okay?”
Those blue eyes go wide again as Castiel parts his lips to respond. He quickly clamps his mouth shut and looks down at the bubbles. This time, Dean knows for sure that Castiel is shifting beneath the water. He wonders if the boy is touching himself with the hand that's down there. The mental image makes Dean shiver. When he forces his eyes back up to Castiel's face, they get locked in a heated gaze.
I wish I could tell him that, but it's not my place. My place was to get him through his heat safely. I did that. Now he has his mind back, his consent back, and until he invites me, I'm not welcome.
“No.” Castiel tightens his grip on Dean and looks down at him, meeting those beautiful green eyes so he can show him how serious he is. “No, Dean. I don’t care about any of that. Not unless you want to share it with me. Okay? I just – I just want to know everything you’re willing to tell me about these past two years. You’re a new person. Not the old Dean, but not the Dean I knew either. I’d like to get to know
“Dean!” Castiel squeaks. He presses his two tiny hands against Dean’s chest and shoves. When Dean doesn’t move, Castiel stomps a foot and growls, “Out!”
the True Mates thing. And sure, you're attracted to him, but how many normal humans are attracted to people who they've never even met or people they aren't in love with? That's just biology."
And then sir is pressing his lips right against the opening of Dean's ear, whispering in a hauntingly calm voice, "Come for me, slut. Come on my cock."
“Castiel?” Castiel lifts his chin, looking at Dean. Dean’s smiling warmly at him, but his eyes hold a devilish need in them that sends a shudder through Castiel. “Your coat.”
“Good boy. Not so bad, hmm?” Chuckling, Dean pats him a little on the ass. He ignores Castiel’s whine of protest and turns back to the toy he chose for Castiel.
Dean points out the living room, the dining area, and the kitchen. For the first time, Castiel speaks willingly. "Another kitchen?"
“They didn’t know about any of it at first, but they took things surprisingly well when your dad presented and everything that happened happened.”
This tingling sensation begins in Dean’s fingertips and travels its way through his body until it’s firmly wrapped around his heart. He’s thankful he’s not allowed to talk right now because he’s certain he’d begin to cry.
Castiel takes a breath. “It exposes your ass better than almost any other piece of furniture or bondage pattern. Uninterrupted spanking, whipping, toying around. It’s quite uncomfortable to try and fuck you in it, but that’s not the point anyway.”
When Castiel tilts my head to the other side, exposing the second half of my neck to him, I whimper. Something sharp and hot zings up my spine. My hips move on their own, grinding me down against his denim-covered erection. The
“Lucifer smelled him through you, Castiel. Through your threads. When you left the store and Lucifer spoke with Dean, he couldn’t pick up on anything but human. Since then, not a single one of us has been able to pick up a scent from him. There’s nothing.”
The two of them go quiet again. A car passes after a while. The first Dean's seen since they pulled over. He wonders how deserted it is out here where Castiel lives. He wonders if that's more or less dangerous, as far as the whole new identity thing goes. He wonders if Gabriel lives nearby.
“Why are you here, Castiel?” Dean asks as he mercifully holds the massager in place so the boy doesn’t have to worry about it. “Here in my chains, getting hurt, at my mercy. You said you’re scared, so why are you staying?”
“Yeah! Ya know, Oreo cake or Oreo ice cream or - oh, this one hole in the wall restaurant downtown has this layered pudding thing with Oreos and it’s fucking delicious.”
Everyone in the room freezes. He feels Dean's grip tighten on him and tries to squirm out of it. "Let go!"
"I just… I'd miss," Castiel tries to look away again, but Dean doesn't allow it. The boy sags in defeat, blushing all the way down his chest and to the tips of his ears. "I'd miss
“Then it’s settled.” Dean takes Castiel’s hand in his and starts to tug. “Let’s get some rest, okay? You can call your therapist in the morning.”
“Fantastic. Never better.” I pour myself a mug of cold coffee and stick it in the microwave. The buzzing hurts my head.
"It's a Metallica song. Two actually," Dean says, as if he's the one who got the tattoo. As if Castiel wouldn’t know. "Is that what inspired it?"
“It is.” Castiel stares at the thing, trying to figure out why he bought it. At the time he had loved the thought of using it for Dean. Now he hates himself for it. “Don’t worry, we won’t - it can go.”
Dean’s touch isn’t sexual, just thorough and comforting. At least, that’s what Castiel thinks. Everything feels jumbled and far away. Castiel can’t be sure.
Dean licks his lips again, chuckling under his breath when Castiel mimics the action by licking his own.
Needing some space to breathe as all of this tries connecting in my mind, I push to my feet and start to pace. I’m smart enough to sink into the woods a little so no one looking outside from Dean’s house can see me.
“God, I really thought you’d be better than this.” He leaves the sound where it is, same with the massager, and goes to the wall. There’s a particularly brutal cane there. If he maintains control of his hits, he won’t draw blood.
“Oh, you’ll get me, baby. Don’t worry about that.” Dean pushes off the bed and stands up. “When and how is the question.”
Both times I ended up at Dean's house. My dad dragged me back each time, growling ferociously, sending things like
A heavy weight lands in Dean’s gut as he stands there in his socks, his belt unbuckled, unable to fucking move. He sees the blonde woman walk in his peripheral vision, but the thought of speaking to her now makes him feel itchy and cold.
"Does that fucking digust you?" sir growls, but he fails to hide the slight tremble in his voice. The terror that Castiel
- if they try to reject this. There are cases of omegas doing exactly what you wanted to do with your uncle. Of running away. Of trying to make it on their own. It never works.”
Castiel moans as he parts his lips. Sir slides his bow tie between the gap and ties it around the back of Castiel’s head so that the bow is gagging him. It’s not exactly effective, but Castiel gets a glimpse of himself in the mirror and it sure makes up quite the picture. If sir’s dark, heated gaze over his shoulder is any indication, the man likes that picture a lot.
Now they both lean forward, excited smiles on their faces. I can’t help but lean back a bit. They remind me of sharks in the water, just having smelled blood.
want. You aren’t important.” Dean walks forward, backing Castiel up until the boy is pinned against the wall. He presses his thigh against Castiel’s denim-clad erection. His brat throws his head back and whines. “Now, we’re going to go do something very important today. You’ll need to be on your best behavior, and you’ll need to pay attention. Understood?"
Rolling onto his side, Castiel gets up on one elbow and rests a cheek on his open hand, looking at his brother. Gabriel is crying too. Not like Castiel, not openly, but his eyes are bright red around the edges and they’re glazed over.
And Castiel would step up behind Dean. He would grip his hips, reveling in how tiny his hands are on the fully-grown man’s body. His dick was small. His father promised it would grow. Puberty had just begun. Castiel felt relief that he was small in this moment, because the slave already hurt so much, and at least this would be better than his father or Gabe’s father. At least this would be a bit of a break.
Dean stares at the door that leads to the bedroom. He’s terrified that this messed everything up. Things were going well between them, and then Castiel got sick and Dean crossed a line. He should have never taken his boxers off. He most definitely shouldn’t have told the doctor about the cuts after he found them. Castiel would have wanted him to keep that private.
The moment Castiel has me alone, he backs me up against my locker and takes my chin between his thumb and forefinger. I shiver beneath the touch, but I still manage to avoid his eyes. His hand lingers on my face for another second before he drops it. The paper in my hand crinkles between us. When I look down at it, I see he’s gently holding the corner. “May I?”
A sharp swat to his right thigh makes him jump in his restraints. “Watch yourself. You’re on thin ice. And if you’re going to be sassy, the least you can do is address me properly.”
It takes the boy a few seconds to register the order. Then his rhythm falters and his cries get louder. His hips seem to fight him, but he finally gains full control over himself after a few more seconds tick by. His body is jerking violently.
It just gets worse when sir’s sadistic side peeks out and he takes Dean’s cock in his hand. Dean bucks his hips the best he can, not even sure if he’s trying to escape the touch or chase it. Sir just grins, stroking him roughly a few times before returning to just holding it as he fucks into him.
“I won’t be suspending you like the boy at the club. I won’t be suspending you at all. This is just to keep you in place. It’ll be similar to me tying these ends of the rope to the bed frame, okay?”
Dean interrupts sharply, this time catching Castiel by surprise along with the poor tailor. "He's a Winchester."
"Oh." I stare at Dean through the window, my heart racing. Heat. The poor boy is going to present and go into heat. He's going to be so confused. So terrified. I have to be there for him. “Dad, what am I going to do?”
Are there even words that exist to describe how Castiel feels right now? If there are, Castiel can’t think of them. Not in this moment. Not with Dean’s lips wrapping around his earlobe and his fingers fiddling with the heavy chain connecting Castiel's two nipple clamps.
Amused, I chuff at him and press my nose against his leg to show him I understand. He nudges me away and grumbles about being nothing but an oversized mutt.
“I think you have me confused for someone else,” Jimmy says slowly, trying not to panic as the memory of his dream fills his mind. He shudders as he hears the evil laugh echoing from the nightmares. It sounds a lot like this man before him. Too much like the man before him. “You should leave.”
Castiel nods in understanding, his expression sad. “He didn’t tell you because he took you away from here. An omega’s gene is only activated when they’re around werewolves for a long enough period of time. Otherwise, there’s no point in making their body go through a presentation and frequent heats, when there’s no werewolf there to breed them. They-”
Rolling his eyes, Castiel groans and laughs at the same time. "There ya go, makin' me describe feelings again."
“Like that?” Dean teases, repeating the action. Castiel’s eyes focus on him, the glaze disappearing as the boy uses the sensation to ground himself in the room. It’s a talent Dean hadn’t expected him to have yet. He figured he’d have to let Castiel drift in subspace for as long as he needed before bringing him back down, possibly without doing anything sexual tonight. Instead, Castiel is owning the scene in his own way. Keeping one foot on the ground so he can enjoy both the mental
. It should be our decision if we want to be together. I don't care about the Novak name. I don't care about my stupid trust fund. They can cut me off if they want. I need you, Dean. I
"Oh." Castiel walks toward the fridge, risking a glance over his shoulder. The man looks at him like he's confused, and maybe even worried. Castiel might take a little extra time staring into the fridge just to avoid seeing that look again. It was very close to pity.
“I’m going to talk with Bobby. You just keep an eye on the boy. You’ll probably be the first to know it’s coming on.”
He has to catch his breath for a moment before he takes the first step outside onto the deck. He walks slowly, taking it all in. There are white Adirondack chairs to the right and the left, and an oversized hammock stretched between the corners of the house and the roof of the deck, hanging in the air. And straight ahead, after taking a staircase that consists of six steps, Dean’s feet are in the sand.
All I knew growing up was that Bobby Singer hates the wolves, and he has too much knowledge for us to be able to survive him. He's never tried to hurt any of us, but that doesn't mean he wouldn't put a silver bullet in me if he caught me snooping around his house where his omega nephew lives.
Tossing the scalpel back on the table, Dean searches for a better instrument of pain. He decides on a pair of serrated pliers. His eyes stay glued on them as he walks back to his victim, Dean appreciating the weight and look of them. He hasn't used these in a long time.
Castiel nods. “Yeah. That’d be kind of nice. It’s sort of embarrassing to have to remind her of it everyday. I mean, I know logically she’s not going to forget, but you know what I mean.”
It takes Dean a minute to answer this time. “Sometimes I want it dropped, like when it’s something that really is okay, something small. But most of the time… I’d like to talk about it more.”
All I can concentrate on is this white-hot heat suddenly blooming in my stomach, working its way through me until I'm sweaty and shivering.
Flipping Benny off, Dean glares at him and says, “No one likes you,” before slamming the door in his best friend’s face. He can still hear Benny laughing from the other side, but he leaves the asshole behind, heading for his bedroom. Dean’s possibly never ran faster in his life. He forces himself to slow down as he approaches the bedroom door, not wanting to come barging in and scare Castiel.
“That’s insane.” I laugh under my breath, convinced that my dad is fucking with me. “He’s a presented omega. He already was at the grocery store. I could smell him.”
After a few seconds of the tensest silence of Castiel’s life, Chuck sighs, realizing Castiel isn’t going to speak to him.
“Hush now.” Sir’s hands grab his ass cheeks and spread him apart, putting his hole on display. Castiel buries his face against his arm to hide how hard he blushes. He’s never felt so exposed. It’s dirty. Slutty. Wrong.
Dean turns back to look at his boy that’s strapped to the spanking bench across the room. He frowns when he sees that Castiel’s muscles are taut again, and he’s breathing hard. The wheels in his mind are turning so fast Dean swears he can hear them grinding in the open air of the playroom. Whether his boy is panicking or curious or just excited, it doesn’t matter. Dean’s supposed to take everything away for him. To shut his mind off.
." And it's easy again. So very easy. He doesn't care that he's desperate to come. He doesn't care that his balls are still throbbing from sir's harsh treatments or that his ass feels stuffed too full and his stomach feels slightly bloated. He doesn't care about anything but the simple truth: Castiel is untouchable because Castiel belongs to Dean Winchester.
Castiel is placed in front of a wall of jeans, the tailor talking about fits and styles and materials. Designs. Faded versus dark wash. Something about ripped knees. All Castiel keeps hearing is three words on a loop. Three words that will certainly be his undoing.
“Sir!” A rough hand on Dean’s bicep yanks him backward, sending both him and the person who grabbed him to the ground.
That last one for sure. At least right now. Just those questions swirling in my mind is too overwhelming. My heat might be over but I still feel wrung out. I shove back any lingering thoughts and force my mind to relax for a little while longer. I can worry tomorrow. Knowing my anxious self, I'm sure I won't have much of a problem with it at all.
He flicks his gaze up to look at me and I don’t have enough time to avert my eyes elsewhere. Then I’m caught. If it’s even possible, they’re brighter than yesterday.
Castiel closes his eyes. He hadn’t even been thinking about that aspect of his life. The whole depression and anxiety thing had been put on the back burner while he panicked about the whole forced marriage thing. What will he do now when he wakes up empty? When he, for no reason at all, turns from happy to hopeless in a matter of hours? When he has a panic attack that hits him so hard, he throws up or passes out? Gabriel won’t be there to comfort him, or bring him junk food, or lay with him for hours in silence just staring up at the ceiling. Gabriel won’t be there to talk him through his attacks. Gabriel won’t be there to help him come down after them.
I keep my eyes closed, lips tightly pressed together. If I open my mouth, words are going to pour out, words that I won’t ever be able to take back, words that terrify me. She knows anyway, though.
There's no hiding behind his mask when he's on the arm of Dean Winchester, something Castiel realizes rather quickly. They haven't even gotten inside the building yet. Cameras are flashing frantically, reporters asking questions. Some are about social lives and legitimate business deals. Others - the more ballsy reporters - ask questions about mafia rumors and the whispers of war brewing. Castiel is in awe of Dean as he watches the man smoothly field each question.
Why this strong, aggressive, gorgeous alpha wolf wants to be with Castiel, Castiel has no idea. He hopes after he gets a taste, Dean doesn't realize he was wrong and go running off.
Dean smacks the riding crop against his nipples hard, left then right, sending both clothespins flying in rapid succession. Castiel shrieks, then starts writhing and choking on air, head shaking viciously back and forth as Dean continues smacking the end of the riding crop against the bright red, nearly purple, puffy nubs.
Dean snorts. Then he deflates against Castiel, releasing a deep sigh. “I love you too, ya know. Love you so much, Cas.”
Closing his eyes, Dean promises himself that he’ll figure this out. It can be fixed. He can fix this.
Castiel closes his eyes, pretending Dean is in bed beside him instead of 1,864 miles away. "I'm not angry, Dean. I was afraid. I can't ever lose you. Not like that. If you leave me, I'll survive, but I wouldn't survive you dying. Understood?"
When Dean says nothing, his throat clogged up by an overwhelming swirl of emotions, he hears Castiel mumbles under his breath, "Probably stupid."
"I promise. Benny has been keeping me updated, and the few things that needed my attention were handled by me just sending emails or telling Benny what to do."
Castiel’s fingers slowly wrap around the black lace boxer-briefs. He stares down at them in his hands, nervous and aroused.
When Dean removes Castiel’s clothes, he starts to shiver and his teeth chatter, but Castiel doesn’t react. Doesn’t even seem to notice. He just stares slightly to the left of Dean, barely blinking. Dean doesn’t have time to worry about it. Not when he sees the angry red cut that’s just barely peeking out from the edge of Castiel’s boxers.
“Very, if you’re not with someone you trust fully. But if you find someone you can let go with completely, it’s the most freeing thing you’ll ever feel.”
“Dean,” a man says to my uncle’s left - someone I’ve never met, but who radiates power and for some reason makes me want to get to my knees. Somewhere, in the back of my mind, I hear a whispery word. An idea.
Gabe summarizes it all up by saying, rather unnecessarily, “It’s not possible to take something like that down.”
There's a pause, but it's much briefer than he expected, and when Sam speaks, there's the ghost of a smile in his voice. "Was it good?"
“Be like me. Promise them you won’t have kids, you won’t fuck with the family line, and they’ll just write you off like they do me.”
“Deal.” Dean cups the side of Castiel’s face, dragging his thumb along his cheekbone. “Except I’m a stubborn bastard sometimes and I can be a real idiot, like this morning, so we might fight.”
“Yeah. He’s a inventory stock and assistant-” he swallows, the man’s hands heading to his waist. “-manager in training at the Home Depot.”
He yanks his phone out of his pocket and collapses to the ground. His eyes are too blurry to look at the screen, but Dean’s fingers somehow manage to dial the number he has memorized. Castiel answers almost immediately.
It takes a minute, but then they're approaching the massive wooden doors that lead to the Master wing of the mansion. An armed guard is standing beside them, and he nods at Dean while Dean walks up to the door and puts his hand against a censor.
"You do." Dean keeps pressing forward, refusing to let the boy's hole stop him. He's slow, gentle, but persistent. "I think it has something to do with why you came down here in the first place. You needed something tonight. You needed to see me at my worst. I want to know why."
"Of course." Castiel's heart races just thinking about it. "My biggest fear is you realizing you can't do this. Can't be with me. I'm terrified I'll lose you."
“Then how…” I feel my stomach curl as the information begins clicking into place. Presenting. Heats. Breeding. Revered. Precious. Gay. Your body is changing. “Holy fuck!”
After what feels like hours, Dean speaks again. “You haven’t been sick in a while. Do you want to try and take a bath, or sit in the shower? Or do you just want to go to bed?”
I nibble on my bottom lip, fighting the urge to look around for Castiel again. Does Castiel play football? He’s built like a football player. Larger than any of the other guys in our grade. Larger than any of the teachers, too. It makes sense. He’d be great at it.
Castiel breaks it. “They all still believe you’re dead. That’s for the best. We made some enemies when we left. Not many, but enough. There were very powerful men who wanted you. There were also some very powerful men who felt betrayed by me turning my back on them. Some of those men overlapped. Knowing you were dead and I was heartbroken seemed to satisfy them enough. Well, that, and-” Castiel abruptly stops, looking down at the table.
"I didn't, Cassie." Gabriel laughs incredulously. "After the meeting, he asked to speak with me privately. He gave me his cell number, and we talked for a few minutes about how you're doing, and what we both can do to help you."
The man tries to speak again. Probably begging some more. Dean’s not interested. He just yanks on the chain he has gripped in his hand, raising the man until nothing but the very tips of his toes are touching the cement floor. The man screams. Dean just stares blankly at him until the man’s energy runs out.
“Alek,” Dean whispers. His throat burns. He wraps his arms around his torso, digging his fingertips into his ribcage. He has to keep himself together. He can’t lose it. They’ll never let him talk about this shit again if he can’t prove that he can handle it.
When the bunny’s orgasm hits him, his whole body shudders, his tail freezing, his ears sticking straight up in stiff lines. Watching the sweet little bun unravel and feeling his hole clench around his cock sends Dean barreling towards the edge. When he sees the way Castiel’s fluffy tail twitches like crazy post-orgasm, he loses his final string of control and gives into his pleasure.
Castiel sobs in relief, the sound caught by sir's cock. He needs that. He needs it so damn bad. And sir knows. He always just
“You spent the last 3 days wearing yourself down to the point of exhaustion. Your control won’t be as good right now.”
Forcing himself to focus, Dean looks away from Castiel’s sleeping form in his bed and locks his eyes on the mountains in the distance. “I fucked up.”
Dean looks over his shoulder, smiling to himself when he sees Castiel is still asleep. "Sleeping in our bed. Cried himself to sleep. Well, almost to sleep. Then he calmed enough to apologize to me and passed out."
“Can’t say for sure, but I think you’ll be exceptional. I think, if you can trust me enough, I can make you fly so high you forget your name.”
Dean cups the side of Castiel's face and stares into his eyes, clearly searching for something. After a moment, his forehead wrinkles smoothe out and he offers Castiel a sad smile. "Let's go back to bed."
“Umm… what about Ketch and Mick? That’s still very important.” Dean nods as if he’s trying to get the others to nod and agree with him. None of them do so. “Ketch shouldn’t sleep with Mick! He’s a heart breaker and Ketch is finally getting happy again after-”
Tonight, though, my wolf is exhausted and my mind feels at ease. Acting normal with them is easier to do. Acting like I care about football, acting like I care about the current gossip, doesn’t aggravate me.
Sir nudges his arms until they’re back in place to shoot. Then the plug in Castiel’s ass is turned up at least another notch, if not more. Sir continues rubbing his cock through his jeans as he trails sloppy kisses and nibbles along the side of Castiel’s throat.
Jimmy isn’t sure about any ex’s - boyfriends, girlfriends, or otherwise. Jimmy isn’t sure about his sexuality, even. He admits to Dean, as he feels his face heat up, that all he knows is he likes
Dean's cock immediately hardens, and he can't swallow his groan fast enough. The noise falls from his mouth and makes Castiel blush. Dean licks his lips, feeling like he's a damn predator about to jump his prey, and whispers in the sultry low voice he likes to use in the playroom, "Do you want me to spank you, Castiel?"
For a moment, Castiel stays still, his hand tightening on my wrist. But then he lets go and moves forward. “Yeah, dad?”
Her shock is so sudden and explosive that Castiel is extremely glad she wasn’t in the middle of taking a drink or anything. She’s sputtering enough without that.
Castiel Novak comes from a long line of purebred angels. Not a single mixed marriage on record. He already knows he’ll be an angel. White, fluffy wings will sprout from his back, allowing him to fly in the freeing way only angels can - by apparating. He’ll be able to read minds and sense emotions. Everything on Earth will bend to his will, from the weather to a pencil sharpener. All of his senses will slightly heighten - but his vision will become extraordinary. His strength will be extreme, his life nearly immortal, but without using his hands or a weapon he can not cause harm to another. The only possible way to manipulate a human body with angelic power is to
John stares at him for a long, drawn-out moment that makes Dean’s anxiety worsen. The sigh he releases is loaded and familiar. Dean knows that sound well, having learned and memorized it over the past two years.
“Sh, sh, sh,” Dean hushes him with a gentle hand on his right shoulder. His thumb skims softly along Castiel’s bare skin and Castiel leans into the touch, even going so far as to press his cheek against the back of Dean’s hand. He may or may not nuzzle it. Everything’s a bit confusing at the moment. “I just went to get you one more new toy.”
“I bought this for you the day you flew back home after coming here to visit.” Castiel runs his thumb along the seam of the leather collar. “It’s handcrafted specifically for you.”
He should wash that off so he doesn’t get wax inside of his tight channel when Dean fucks him later.
Castiel shivers. He shifts again, his chin turning just a bit before he corrects himself and looks back at the floor. A soft whimper falls from his lips. The sound makes Dean weak.
His eyes widen, then he throws his head back and groans. “Oh my god, you’ve never drank beer before have you?”
“You,” Castiel repeats, a little more power behind it. He swallows hard and forces his eyes up. They’re blurry and unfocused. Castiel rubs at his eyes with a lazy fist, trying to see Dean better, but it doesn’t work. He lifts his head, but everything swims. Still, he manages to slur, “Sir,” and it’s enough for Dean to understand what Castiel needs right now. To understand he’s being handed all power and control.
is crawling around naked with a metal serving tray resting on his back, full of drinks that are dangerously close to spilling, his mouth gagged, two strange things on his nipples that are attached by a chain that dangles, his cock heavy and leaking between his thighs.
The moment the gag is secured, not only with a small nub of a penis filling Castiel’s mouth but also a dildo coming off of the other side of it, Castiel regrets agreeing to gags, degradation, and humiliation. Bad decision. Very bad.
Chuckling softly, I sneak out of the bed and tug on a fresh pair of sweatpants so I can go get some things for him. This happened far too fast. Supplies would be good. At least a few things.
There are two large pillows that match the material resting against the headboard, a square pillow made of dark brown fur, two short but long throw pillows that are a rose gold color, and a final throw pillow in front of them all that’s cream with slight gold stripes through it that you can’t even see from far away. There’s a dark brown plush-velvet throw blanket that’s lazily folded and draped over the left corner of the bed, making the whole thing looks like a picture in a pottery barn magazine.
The look Castiel shoots him is full of heat - and not in the sexy way - but the boy is fighting back a smile too. “I hate you. Press the damn record button.”
A door opens, making me lock up as I realize it’s probably not just these two that plan to hurt me. There’s a whole pack.
“I’m sorry. I’m so sorry, Dean.” Castiel gently rocks their bodies, trying to sooth him. Dean keeps his eyes wide open so he’s staring at the ocean through the glass doors. If he can see the ocean, he’s safe. If he can see the ocean, Alek can’t get him. “I had to make him happy. I had to, Dean. He’s powerful. His friends are powerful. I couldn’t risk him chasing me.”
Dean chokes on a laugh next to him, making Castiel blush - which he’d like to go on record by saying he never used to do before, and Dean Winchester has ruined him.
Following his gut, Dean runs to his right. He drops to his knees in front of a man in army fatigues that match his own. His dark hair is curly and matted with blood, most of it coming from a huge gash in his head. A flash of white makes Dean cringe. It's never good to have an exposed skull out on the field.
Dean shakes his head. “It wasn't just that, Cas. You hated my friends. Judged them for being demons.”
“No, Dean. You don’t have to tell me. I’d like to know, because I care about you, but we can change topics if you’d like.”
“Though, just to go on record - since I’ve been trying to work on communicating with friends and family better - you look like someone I’d very much like to sleep with
The waiter nods, not even looking at me. I can’t blame him. He’s cleaning up our mess. “He left with that friend of his. They went out the front door.” Then he glares at me. “You still have to pay the bill.”
Instead, he pushes forward and wraps his body around Castiel's, using him as a body pillow. He's exhausted again. Laughing is hard work. "Don't care 'bout b'fore. Laughin' now."
“You like cutting yourself because it grounds you and it’s a way to escape whatever current state your mind is stuck in.” When he says it like that, it sounds so simple. “Then why do you like it when I hurt you in a scene?”
The tip of Castiel's tongue slides across the seam of my lips. I open for him, shivering as he deepens the kiss. He tastes - he tastes like he shouldn't. My tongue comes alive with notes of peppermint and hot chocolate, even though it's not possible.
, since you failed to be at all useful." Dean leans forward, lowering his voice. "Second, I'm going to tell you that if you
"Make me hurt, sir." Castiel grabs Dean's hand, winding their fingers together. Dean stares at the place where they're touching. "Let me hurt for you."
"No. No, I don't think so. I was watching. He took drinks from others but… he took a lot of fucking drinks. Way too many. Think this is just a binge."
The party isn’t like any party I’ve ever been to. There’s no dj or flashing lights. There are no sexy dresses or cocktails. There isn’t even someone at the door to control who comes and goes. Hell, the party has already started before Benny and I show up, and it’s Benny’s house.
The smile Dean gives him is sad, so Jimmy changes the subject by asking, “So, do you think maybe you could teach me how to cook? I have a feeling from my limited pots and pans, and my battered chinese takeout menu on my fridge, that I’ve never been very good at it.”
“That how you want to play this, little angel? That’s fine.” Dean slips the prostate massager between Castiel’s lips, loving the way he startles. “For now.”
My eyes flutter shut as both relief and fear thrum in my chest. This is it. It was the goal. Now, his uncle won’t have a choice. His uncle will have to tell him. To explain. Then, it’ll be up to Dean to choose what he wants.
Dean keeps his hands on him for another two hours, even after he tucks the boy in for the night. He falls asleep with his fingertips brushing Castiel’s elbow.
. As strange as that is. He had me go to a psychiatrist. I got a lot off my chest, and he knows the situation, so I didn't have to sugar coat it. There are these pills he thinks will help me. I start them today. And I'm going to keep seeing him. Which makes me nervous, but it's good. He's good. Dean, I mean, not the psychiatrist. Though Dr. Warren is also very good. And-"
When Dean looks at Castiel again, he finds himself wondering if Castiel would make that promise. Wondering if Castiel’s family would even allow it, since he’s the one with such a bright future ahead of him.
"Yeah. Yeah, it is." There's a stretch of silence while Castiel soaks in his relief. Then Dean whispers a confession like it's dirty and evil. "I woulda picked you."
The man in his arms shakes his head. "No. I want you to be able to have him over. I think it was the unexpectedness of it more than him. If I was prepared, I think it would be better. And the more he's around, the easier it'll probably get, right?"
Bobby sets eyes on me within seconds. He shoves away from my father and storms over to me, grabbing the front of my shirt and slamming me up against the wall. It doesn’t hurt enough. I want him to hurt me. To destroy me like I know the Demons are probably destroying Dean.
Castiel whines, humiliated and anxious and turned on beyond belief. It gets worse when sir yanks his pants down in one quick jerk, exposing his barely-there lace panties and plugged ass to the rest of the facility. He knows logically that the men here can’t see him very well. There are little half-walls between each table. Still, a good portion of his ass dangling off of the edge can be seen, and he knows for sure that sir is in full view as he stands back.
"Look at you," sir whispers, flashing Castiel a wicked grin. "You'll let me do anything I want to you, won't you?"
“Because you’re a fucking greedy slut. Even for pain. You’ll take anything if it means getting your holes stuffed and your pretty little cock played with, isn’t that right, little angel?”
“Everyone else doesn’t matter. Didn’t we just establish that? You put yourself first, Dean. Stick to that.”
"Thank you," he whispers, his words choked with emotion. "I just - thank you. I didn't want to lose you, but what we were after my… heat. It was too much. Too fast. I'm sorry."
The man grins. “I knew it.” He does something with the desk and the boring TSA sticker on the wall is covered by a lid lifting to reveal a purple backlit minibar.
Dean gently grips Castiel's chin between his thumb and forefinger, lifting it until they're looking at each other. "What were you going to say just now?"
The man walks to his front, pushing the chair away to stand directly in front of Dean as Dean continues.
But that can't happen. It's my job to take care of Dean. To protect him, even from myself. Even from himself. He’s my omega. At least for this heat, until he's better, he's my omega. My responsibility.
“I told you what would happen if you let my nephew get hurt!” The sharp scent of silver permeates around us. I wonder if it’s his gun or his knife. Maybe both. I deserve the knife. A slow, awful death. But not until I’ve done everything I can to get Dean back first.
“Let yourself float.” Castiel brushes a few sweaty strands of hair off of Dean’s forehead before kissing it. “You did so good for me. So good, baby.”
He carries Castiel to the bathroom and cleans him up with a damp cloth. Castiel asks politely not to bathe or shower since he's so exhausted, and Dean agrees completely. They'll do that in the morning.
“Don’t be pouty.” Dean hip checks him, making him laugh in surprise. Then the brat capitalizes on the light mood by looking Castiel directly in the eye and stating, “The third shelves gotta go.”
“Of course.” Benny takes a final sip of water and pushes to his feet. He gestures for Castiel to follow him, surprising Castiel by leading him down the hallway and into Dean’s office. Castiel gives Benny a look, clearly unsure, but Benny just smiles. “Anything he wouldn’t want you to see is password protected. He won’t mind.”
“Soft breath play. Just a few seconds, light pressure. May I show you right now?” When Castiel cautiously nods, Dean reaches out a hand and wraps his fingers around Castiel’s throat. He leans forward, his other hand cradling the back of Castiel’s head to stabilize him. Lips rest against his forehead in a comforting kiss, and Castiel can’t help but relax in Dean’s hold.
“Agree to disagree,” I tease. “Anyway, he did the head tilt and I was convinced he was going to eat me. But when he came up he just, sort of - I dunno. It doesn’t matter. And then-”
“Really?” Castiel’s fingers brush along the lace covering his cock before he shivers and quickly pulls his hand away. “I - I look okay?”
“You’re a goddamn stick and you know it. Is this buffet for you? I hope it’s for you. Let’s fatten ya up a bit.”
“He drank too much when we were kids,” Dean pauses as he watches the man dump the entire mini-bottle into his glass. “Woah.” He laughs awkwardly.
Feeling my stomach flutter at the thought that I might actually be making friends here, I nod enthusiastically. “Yeah, I’d like that. Sure.”
He shivers when a kiss is pressed to the spot between his shoulder blades. “My cock is cold, pet. Do your job.”
Dean blushes beautifully before looking away again. “Forgot ‘bout that… guess biting isn’t soooo bad.”
a game, sir said so himself, but he has a feeling he's in for enough pain as it is. He doesn't need to earn more by sassing.
His panic wanes. Castiel has no idea why, but it’s a fucking relief, so he won’t look a gift horse in the mouth.
They’re convinced their fifth show will be the lucky one. Then their son Jack has a meltdown just minutes before the show starts, hating the earmuffs they were making him wear, which set off their daughter Claire into a tantrum about her ‘stinky brother that ruins everything.’
I look up at the sky. The stadium lights block out most of the stars, but a few of them, along with the moon, are big and bright enough to be visible despite the light pollution. “I hadn’t realized. I don’t pay much attention.”
“More than.” Dean tries to reel in his mind. Now isn’t the time to worry about that. Now’s the time to focus on the task at hand. They’ll have to have an entire conversation about it anyway before Dean will feel comfortable doing that scene. It’s very intense.
But then his gaze falls on Castiel's back, and the man forgets himself. "I see you're enjoying my gift."
“So? The fuck you want me to do about it, Winchester?” The guy rolls his eyes and then laughs with his jock friends. “Maybe I should hit him again.”
When Dean says nothing for a very long time, Castiel whispers, “Dean, I love you. I love you so much. Please give me a chance. Give
"You're fine," Castiel mumbles distractedly. "He, uh - he's not patient, though. We should probably try some stuff on soon."
Castiel is practically a mail order bride. A gift from his father to Dean. A commodity. He can't be falling in love with the man who made that happen.
“I didn’t mean it,” I blurt out, feeling my face getting even hotter - something I didn’t know was possible.
“Boys?” He makes a pleased sound before turning to me. It’s dark outside, but I can see his huge smile despite it. “I was hoping my radar wasn’t broken.”
"What's going on? What happened?" Castiel prepares for yelling or violence, because he knows Dean probably finds Castiel's feelings annoying and insignificant, but instead he's met with Dean's careful hands cupping his face, thumbs sweeping out to clean his cheeks. "Are you okay? Are you hurt? Did someone hurt you?"
By the time Dean pulls away, Castiel feels fuzzy and sleepy. He nuzzles the palm of Dean’s hand and yawns. Dean smiles down at him with adoration before scooping him up and cradling him bridal style.
There’s something that passes through Dean. A desire. A need. Then he glances down at Castiel and his face smoothes out into boredom. “Perhaps I’ll stop by. We’ll see where the night takes us.”
He runs through a mental check-list as he takes in the gorgeous idiot. No visible blood. Even breathing. Peaceful expression. Freckles in-tact. Still as beautiful as ever.
Something transforms inside of Dean’s chest. Something impossible to explain. Something profound. It’s like he finally steps into himself. Finally fits in his skin.
"I don't believe we've met," Dean begins, using his free hand to hold his cigarette as he speaks. The man just tugs at the leather strips restraining him, forcing them to bite into his skin and draw blood. It's such a stupid thing to do. Disappointing, really. Dean sighs. "I'll start, then. I'm Dean. And you are?"
“You’re thinking,” Dean growls. He hits him again, and it’s much harder. The leather cracks nice and sharp in the air. Before the sound has a chance to even fade, the next hit is coming. And the next. The next.
"Look at you," sir says again, this time not in a teasing tone, but in awe. "Do you know how good it feels to see you like this? To know that you trust me enough to wreck you? I've never felt so powerful. Never. You make me feel like I'm a fucking God, Castiel.
When Castiel is finally feeling better, Dean convinces him to take a bubble bath. He guides Castiel into the bathroom and sits him on the closed toilet lid. Once the water is running and Dean’s poured the soap he remembers smelling on Castiel the night he took his first bath here, Dean reaches for Castiel to undress him.
“Good.” And then, things shift. He swears he can feel it in the air. A current runs through the dungeon. Through sir. Through
"Oh fuck," Dean hangs his head. It's over now. So fucking over. "Come for me, baby. Come for me right now."
Castiel drags his fingertips from Dean’s shoulder blades to the dips above his ass. “You’ve gained weight.”
"Together," Dean echoes, finally leaning into Castiel’s touch as he closes his eyes. He smiles. "One day at a time."
“Okay.” I run a finger around the rim of my mug. “So, all of this talk… was that you trying to say Castiel can only come into the house if he’s wolf form?”
Dean pulls his thumb back to allow Castiel to speak, but not before he spreads the boy’s spit all over his pretty pink lips. He blushes all the way to his chest. “W-when can I come then, sir?"
The answer to that question is so obvious that Castiel is disgusted with himself for not figuring it out sooner. It should have been one of the first places he checked. He would have saved himself from the panicked spiral he spent the morning in if he had just opened the glass doors in the kitchen and stepped out onto the porch sooner. Then he would have seen the man he loves standing with his feet in the surf as the sun brightens the sky above.
Castiel releases the softest whimper and Dean’s body jolts with realization. That is the sound of lotion on a cock. Castiel’s touching himself right now. Jerking himself off. Just inches away, right on the other side of this door. Thinking about what just happened. Thinking about what Dean just did to him.
When Benny catches his breath, he winks at Dean. "I notice you didn't deny the whole I love you thing."
“Ellen?” Castiel asks cautiously, ready to get this thing over with so he can go hide out somewhere.
I hesitate for a few seconds, which I think should earn me some kind of prize, before giving in. Then I'm up off my bed and pushing my window open. Castiel's black fur blends well with the darkness, but the soft glow from my bedside lamp is enough for me to make his shape out. He lifts his head to look at me, doing that cute head tilt I like to tease him about.
When Bobby stands up, I turn my head to look up at him. He stares down at me with an expression I can’t place. “I told you this because I need you to understand, Castiel. I need you to see that there is a reason why I don’t trust any of you. There’s a reason why it terrifies me that Dean is like he is. I had prayed he was human. John had, too. John was convinced he was one of those rare offspring that didn’t have the gene. He said Dean was too comfortable in the city. He was too headstrong. He was too happy where he was. John said the city made him itch all the way down to his soul, and he didn’t see that with Dean. He believed Dean had escaped his fate, and I let myself believe it too. I brought him here. This is my fault. I accept responsibility for that.”
“Uh oh,” Castiel says, his soft laugh very close to a giggle. “Let me guess? Plan didn’t go that way.”
"We'll purchase you a piano for up here. Make you a music room. It's important you can practice." Dean doesn't let go of his hand, even though they're now inside the wing and at the fridge. "What would you like to eat? I can make you something. Let's see… we have," he stops, scanning the items in the fridge. Castiel watches him in fascination. "So, we have stuff for steak and vegetables, thai chicken salad, cheese risotto and brown butter scallops, chicken parmesan, or if you'd rather something breakfast related we could have lemon blueberry pancakes, scrambled-"
It's a long day of phone calls, security protocol meetings, and preparing weapons. Dean keeps his promises to Castiel, both by giving him his cock after breakfast - pumping a lovely load down his throat - and by having lunch with him. The poor boy was so wound up by then though that Dean didn't last a minute before making the decision to have the boy kneel at his feet instead. Castiel's anxiety had thankfully eased after that, the boy relaxing against him with his cheek pressed to Dean's thigh as Dean hand fed him lunch. The anxiety came back with a vengeance when Dean mentioned he needed to leave, so he had Benny take his next meeting for him so he could lay beside Castiel while he napped. When Dean brought him back for his second round of spa treatments, he had to pry his fingers free of his suit jacket. It may have broken his heart a little. Dean's hairdresser promised they'd take great care of Castiel and make him nice and relaxed. He wasn't so sure, but he had no other choice.
"It is." I apply a little more pressure to his leg. He leans closer to me as if asking for more of my touch. "Is that why you're here with your uncle?"
When his father is gone, Castiel goes to his window. He slides it open and gets on the roof. His bedroom is too high up to ever jump to the ground in an attempt at escape - though not high enough where it’d kill him if he did so- something he always hated growing up, but at least this piece of roof connects his window with Gabriel’s bedroom window. Castiel needs his big brother right now. More than anything.
“That’s great, Castiel.” The doctor closes his notebook, indicating that their time is up. He stands. Walks Castiel to the door. Pauses with his hand on the silver knob. His kind eyes meet Castiel’s. “Now, you just have to figure out how to love you too.”
They stay that way for a long time. It isn’t until Castiel’s eyes keep betraying him, sliding closed only for him to have to force them open again, that Dean sighs softly. “We should get some rest.”
“Yes. That’s - yes. It helps, at least. Not always a magic fix but - yes.” Castiel runs a finger along Dean’s collarbone. “Sometimes it’s the opposite. It feels - it feels like I’m trapped inside of my body. That’s usually the anxiety or the - the panic. Like I’m stuck inside my body and everything is caving in on me. It makes me want to scratch my skin off. Claw my way out. Cutting - cutting makes it all calm a bit, I guess? It’s something to focus on.”
Dean smirks since Castiel can’t see him, but he makes sure to keep his voice steady and low, not wanting to give himself away. “You’ll figure out when to say it and when to keep it out. It’ll become natural after a time. As a rule of thumb, if you get the urge to say it, say it. You’re pretty safe as far as
“Well - a knock on the door at 4 am, my charming smile, and a few hundred bucks, and they were willing to open for a few minutes.”
Dean swallows hard, eyes still locked on their hands. He takes a slow, shaky breath. Then he whispers almost incredulously, "You put half the shit I'd do to you on your hard limits, Cas… Or at least your soft. Hell, one of my favorite things to do to my victims is my own hard limit."
"Okay." He shifts on the floor before peeking up at me through his lashes. I notice his cheeks are tinged pink. "Will you still, um… sleep outside my window?"
The reaction is so immediate that I wouldn't believe it if I didn't see it myself. The moment he's swallowed the last drop, Dean's eyes fall closed and his body goes limp. A sleepy smile stretches his cum-coated lips as he falls straight into a peaceful sleep.
I’m still too unraveled with the realization of what Dean is to me. With the information that his dad was the same to my dad.
“Ahhhhhhhh!” Castiel tries to sit straight up, forgetting all about the ropes. He falls forward and partially onto his side. Instead of helping him back up, Dean just straddles one of his legs and comes at him from a different angle. His free hand presses down on Castiel’s hip that’s pointed toward the ceiling, holding him in place. Forcing him to take it.
Gabriel’s eyes dart towards the door before he looks back at Castiel. He's asking if he should go. Castiel feels like shit for nodding, but he thinks it'd be best for Dean as he comes down from this attack to be alone with Castiel.
“The wife is aware, to an extent. She knows he likes to fuck men. Acording to Alek, she said she’d rather him cheat on her with men than with women, and he promised to keep his affairs quiet and of the male variety.”
Dean wakes up with a jolt, his hand immediately reaching out to where he always keeps a gun velcroed to the side of his bedside table. His fingers curl around it just as someone else's fingers curl around his wrist. “Boss. It’s me.”
Maybe he can talk to Castiel about that in the future. Maybe the boy will one day let him play this game again. If Dean knew ahead of time, if he was able to prepare, this would be… well, he’d say amazing, but this is already amazing. It’d be even better, if that’s possible. It’d sure be more fun. More creative. Longer. Harsher.
“Such.” Castiel spanks him with his hand. “A.” He spanks him again. “Fucking.” Spanks him again. “Slut.” He spanks him one last time.
His brother’s eyes slide closed, and Castiel doesn’t think he’s ever seen Gabriel look so crushed. “I hope not. But he might, Cassie.”
The look Castiel gives him is half-pleading for mercy and half-pleading for more. “W-whatever you, uh… you want sir.”
“You know what,” Castiel starts softly, resting a gentle hand on Dean’s right shoulder. “That’s going to go.”
For another half-hour, Castiel just holds him in his arms. Then he hurries downstairs for some water and a quick snack, ignoring the throngs of drunk idiots. He stops by the bathroom for a damp cloth, too. Dean’s half-asleep when he returns, so Castiel cleans him first while Dean continues floating.
He can't lose him again. Not after last night. Not after the ocean and the food and the Netflix and the bath. Not after Dean knelt for him. Not after the promise they made to do this together, one day at a time. Not after Dean's bubbling laughter and goofy smile as he lay on Castiel's chest.
“This is for forgetting to say sir just now,” Dean informs him before dripping hot wax over Castiel’s pathetically hard cock and balls.
“Don’t you ever-” Dean pauses, swallowing hard when he realizes he’s close to tears. “-say Chuck was right about you. You are not damaged. You are so good, Cas. God, I wish I could show you how good you are. My good boy.” Dean presses a kiss to the top of Castiel’s head, squeezing him tighter. “I’ll spend the rest of my life showing you if you’ll just let me, babe. Please - please, just let me.”
“Oh. That’s easy.” Dean smiles, and something about it is seductive and sexy even though it looks like all of his other smiles. “Us being together.”
Alistair chuckles. “Aright. Well, I have a boy of my own here tonight if you’d like to watch a real scene. He’s a crier, and his favorite is the bull-whip.”
The two men stand up in unison, silently agreeing that the discussion is over. Dean buttons his suit jacket, adjusts his tie, and offers a hand to Chuck. They shake once, the movement curt, then step back from each other.
“Taught this one everything he knows.” Alistair leans back, looking smug. “Every time he makes you come just by hurting you, you can thank me.”
When Castiel walks back into the bedroom, his finest rope in one hand and a pinwheel in the other, he nearly trips over himself from how quickly he stops.
“Thanks.” I use both hands to take my drink, hoping it makes the shaking less noticeable. The Gatorade actually helps, at least. It settles the nausea in my stomach and makes me less dizzy. I take a few slow sips as I listen to Benny and the others talk about the football game this Friday. They all ignore me, though I don’t think it’s to be mean. More like they realize I might vomit if I try to speak to any of them.
"My parents are out of town so I'm throwing a party after the football game." Benny looks at me again. "Can you still bring the kegs?"
“Ah! Fuck!” Castiel yells when a hand comes down on his ass much harder than it did the last two times. “Shit!”
I shift, pushing to my feet in one move. He opens his mouth, probably to yell at me for not listening when he said I needed to stay in my wolf form, but I cut him off before he can. This is too important. “You aren’t taking him from here. I won’t let you.”
When Michael lifts his head to look at his father, he’s smirking. “There you go, Michael. I knew you’d come up with a solution.”
“Don’t.” I wave a hand at him, shaking my head. “Don’t. This changes nothing. I’m not upset. I’m not even threatened, man. I’m good. I promise. We’re good.”
Dean has never seen something so immensely entertaining. He knew Castiel would be in over his head, but this is just… fantastic. The man has barely entered the store and he’s already looking around like a deer caught in headlights.
. It’s only a matter of seconds before I find him. He didn’t get far, having ducked into the boys locker room just around the corner from the cafeteria.
Then, "It's really not polite to ignore someone. Didn't your boss teach you that? Oh, wait, Chuck doesn't have good manners either..."
Oh god, that’s an electric wand. He’s fucking shocking Castiel. Using electricity on him. While he's wet.
Dean runs the rope through his fingers, appreciating the feel of it. The weight. The strength. The texture. The color.
The tailor looks at him like he just grew a second head. Castiel fidgets, tugging at his sweater that's apparently too big for him.
A tiny whine escapes Dean's lips, but he doesn't argue. After the shuffling stops and Castiel assumes Dean is in the new position, Castiel purrs, "Good boy."
“A human rights lawyer. He wants to work on improving and creating laws for survivors of human trafficking, as well as sex workers. Apparently the rights for both groups of individuals are dismal, at best. Did you know that human trafficking victims can actually get
If Gabriel hates him this much, he must actually care about Castiel. He must love him. This one Dean will keep around. This one is allowed near Castiel.
“Yes. Poor little rich boy rapist, confused at the airport.” Castiel grinds his teeth before scoffing. “Don’t feel bad for me, Dean.”
It's his uncle that's the problem. Bobby Singer has hated the wolves for almost 2 decades now. He used to be my dad's best friend. Apparently, he even talked about taking the bite once. My dad never told us what happened. Due to recent events, I think it might have something to do with a certain male omega.
When Dean goes for his fifth Oreo, Castiel reaches over and takes it. “You’ll make yourself sick!” he says with a teasing laugh, hearing his mom’s voice in his mind saying the same thing. It’s the first time in… possibly ever that Castiel doesn’t ache from sadness at the thought of her. In fact, he’s filled instead with a warm sensation in his chest.
Castiel wakes up feeling itchy and uncomfortable the morning after being Dean’s submissive. It’s like his skin is too tight. He doesn’t
Then he releases everything onto the boy, every worry, ever held breath, every held back hit or thrust, every wakeful moment worrying Castiel would run. He fucks into him hard enough for the boy to struggle to breathe beneath him, his gasps for air frantic and ragged. He loves the feel of Castiel's throat working frantically beneath his hand. He squeezes, making it even harder for the boy to get air.
. He’s wearing maroon colored skinny jeans that hug his ass perfectly - something I take advantage of every chance I get by opening doors for him and ushering him in front of me to walk first. His white shirt with thin black stripes is beneath a chunky knitted honey colored sweater that hangs open, the sleeves rolled to the middle of his forearms. His shoes are cheetah print little booties that I’m pretty sure I could spend the rest of my life watching him walk in.
A soft noise to my right draws my attention, my hackles raising until I realize it's my dad. He shifts as he sits in the grass, the movement so quick and fluid I would have missed it if I'd blinked. I stay perfectly still as I wait to see what my alpha will do. This is the 3rd time I've disobeyed him. The last 2, he stayed a wolf and exerted his control. I have no fucking idea what I'm in for now that he's sitting beside me as human.
He looks at me with creased eyebrows, and I realize no one has said this to him. Not a single person, including myself, took the time in all of this chaos to let Dean know his options. To let him know he has no expectations. No deadlines. No pressure.
Now he’s managed to scoot himself forward until he’s humping Dean’s fucking leg, his body stretched out in what must be a painful position so he can keep sucking Dean’s cock, keep his arms where they have to be so his shoulders don’t dislocate, and keep his cock pressed up against Dean’s pant leg.
"It means I'm not going to order you around. I'm not going to dictate every move you make. You'll have space. Freedom. Limited, yes, but that's for your safety." Dean sighs, running a hand through his hair. "Castiel, I would like for us to be partners. Perhaps even friends. I think it'd be best that way. I don't want you to be the enemy."
Dean lays beside Castiel in their bed, propped up on one elbow with his head resting in the palm of his hand. The boy hadn’t even made it back to their room before passing out. Considering there can’t be more than twenty steps from the playroom door to the bedroom door, it’s a fairly impressive feat. Not surprising, though. Dean knew that the first scene had wrung Castiel out. Take into account Castiel had a hard time sleeping because his mind felt too cluttered, he almost lost his virginity to a man who wouldn’t have known he needed to be gentle or slow, and he had a panic attack, and Dean’s only surprised Castiel didn’t pass out sooner.
,” he continues with a smirk, “-you don’t get my cock at all today. At least not until after the party tonight.”
Castiel’s heart lurches when Dean uses the bar to press forward, Castiel’s knees nearly touching his chest before Dean uses what Castiel assumes must be one of the many hooks on the bondage bed to attach the bar. His boy came in here and looked around. He knows he did. That’s the only way he could be using all of this so easily, since they haven’t even played here yet.
Castiel is woken up when he starts to move. At first, he grumbles and tries to get comfortable, assuming he’s just tossing in his sleep. Then his stomach drops like he went over a dip in a road, and he jerks.
With very controlled movements, Dean sets the cup of milk in the drink holder and turns back to Castiel. Then he lunges. He has Castiel pressed up against the door, their lips crashing together, in three seconds flat. Castiel grunts, his muscles tensing for a moment, but then he melts like butter and gives Dean complete control.
When he finally falls silent, his body still trembling, he looks up at the doctor. The man is frowning, but there's no judgement or pity. He hands Castiel a tissue.
Dean turns in Castiel's arms and gives him a genuine smile that Dean can see immediately puts Castiel at ease. He can see why. Just looking into those blue eyes again is making Dean's heart nearly burst, and he's sure his grin reflects that. "Really. I wouldn't want it any other way. But don't tell my shrink that."
They go three more rounds before Castiel slurs a final, “Love’y,” and falls fast asleep in his arms.
“Shit. Uh.” Castiel sucks in a deep, shuddering breath. He’s not even sure if Dean would fit in him.
“Yeah. Sure.” Castiel touches the phone screen, eyes scanning. “So… I just say what I want to limit? Whatever we don’t talk about out loud, you’ll assume is good to go?”
Laughing, Dean shrugs a shoulder. Then his attention catches on where his thumb is resting on Castiel’s wrist. Dean has no idea when it found its way back there. He strokes the cut again. It looks like it was deep.
This time, Castiel gives in to the power of Dean’s grip. He allows himself to be pushed and pulled, moaning and humming in delight as Dean roughly uses him. For a bun, the boy is beautifully durable yet so sugary sweet and fragile. When Dean picks up the pace, practically slamming the bunny’s head down against his crotch, Castiel’s big ears start to flop around. Every few seconds the bunny manages to get them under control, but then Dean distracts him by gagging him with his cock or reaching down to flick one of his pretty perky nipples, and the bun forgets all about his ears, letting them revert back to their adorable floppiness.
“Yeah. That’d be nice.” Castiel really wishes Dean would look at him. He picks at the blanket nervously. “Thank you, Dean. For The Edlund Institute. I mean, I know I might not even get in, but just the chance. Just to know. You have no idea what it means.”
Castiel nuzzles his palm before flicking his gaze up, peeking at Dean through his lashes. Dean grins at him. “Hey there, beautiful.”
. The boy is doing well at hiding his nerves, but they're still there. He's leaning on Dean’s ownership and control. Dean will have to make sure to keep reassuring him as the night goes on. To keep reminding him that he's owned and cared for. That he's
“Mmm.” Uncle Bobby nods slowly, clearly having expected this, but then his eyebrows pull in and he seems to get lost for a moment. There’s a sadness to his expression. A longing.
The panic in his pet’s eyes fades almost instantly. Clearly fighting a smile, Dean asks, “Have trouble washing dishes, sir?”
Then he’s blushing again, his thoughts drifting to earlier today. When he wanted to defy Dean. Push him. The thrill it gave him to see how far he could go. To know that someone dangerous like Dean would be punishing him. To see if he could take it. And he liked it. He hated it... But he liked it too.
“To Kripke Academy across town.” Dean tries to keep the bitterness from his tone but he doesn’t think he does a very good job. “They have a near-equal amount of angels and demons. They even have two non-presenters.”
He hears Dean shift, probably to his side so he can face Castiel. Sure enough, when Castiel moves the same way, they're looking at each other. The feeling that the entire world has stopped existing, leaving just them, suspended in this moment, washes over Castiel.
“Good boy.” Dean leans their foreheads against each other, both hands now coming up to frame Castiel’s entire face. He’s once again overwhelmed with that feeling that the entire world has dropped away. All that’s left is this. Right here. Dean Winchester’s freckled nose against his, green eyes bright and loving, the scent of leather and cigars filling Castiel’s senses.
"I honestly don't remember if there was even a reason. You'll have to ask subspace Dean. Take it up with him. Real Dean doesn't spit at people."
Castiel whimpers, picturing it. Benny would be there, overseeing it all, making sure it’s done right for Dean. He’d be standing back and watching with that heated gaze of his that Castiel’s already felt before. Maybe he’d touch him. Fondle him. Whisper dirty things to him. Then they’d all leave, walk out the door without a thought to him, chuckling and teasing and shooting a warning over their shoulders that he better pray the boss is in a good mood tonight. And then Castiel would just be left here. Hanging. Vulnerable. Waiting for the master of his fate. Dean Winchester.
“Huh? What?” Gabriel shoves away from the stove like it’s burnt him too. He elbows his bowl of chocolate chips, sending them scattering across the counter. When he turns to clean them, his hand smacks the whipped cream. It lands on the floor nozzle-up, squirting fluffy white shit all over the floor. He growls in exasperation and slaps his hand down on the stove. Then he hisses and swears under his breath, the burner still hot enough to have burnt him for real this time. “
There's a soft noise that sounds similar to the whimpers from earlier. Then the door is unlocked, and Dean is able to turn the handle and enter the bathroom.
“Oh lord.” He flips me off and turns towards his room, chuckling as he mumbles under his breath, “Lucky fucking bastard.”
"Pull over!" Dean yells, yanking at the door handle even though he knows it'll do nothing. He slaps a hand against the window. "Pull over, pull over, pull over!"
Next thing he knew, he was sitting in a ball like he is now. Knees drawn up, cheek resting on them as he stares at the door. Wearing Dean's clothes. Wrapped in one of Dean's blankets. Listening to the sounds of Dean having sex. Kinky sex. The kind of sex Dean wants. Needs. The kind of sex Castiel will never be able to provide.
Then he waits for the perfect time to strike. It happens when someone spills beer on Dean. Dean goes up to their room to change, leaving Michael behind. Castiel feels like a predator stalking his prey as he silently trails behind him.
The night had started off terribly. Dean should have known better than to bring Castiel towards Alistair. He had wanted to show his prize off. Show Alistair that he found this beautiful little thing that’s more beautiful, more perfect, than anyone Dean’s ever laid eyes on. He should have known that’s not what Alistair would see.
Dean gently guides Castiel’s head until he’s resting a cheek against the bench beneath him. “Comfortable?”
When sir’s cock is placed back on Castiel’s tongue, Castiel turns greedy. He sucks on it like he’s fucking starving and this is all he has to survive on.
on it. It’s the brand of the gear, not Dean’s last name, but he knows that’s probably why Dean bought them.
“That too.” Sam shrugs. “But I’m a pain in the ass little brother who got butt-hurt over not being able to save the day. I was a teenager. Don’t judge me.”
to. He didn't care about the slaves enough to listen to them, and he was in charge of everyone else so if they had an issue they needed to respectfully bring it up or let it go. Even his father, or Gabe. Those relationships were straight and to the point. Castiel's world was black and white before you Dean. Now it's shades of gray. If you want your relationship to work, you need to help him navigate that."
"I know we will need to talk about this more when you're not so out of it, but I've made a decision." Dean pauses, and Castiel forces his eyes open to look at him. It's all he can do with his lack of energy to show Dean he's listening. "I'm going to step in now. Your body - you - you aren't taking care of yourself right now. And with this added on? At least until you adjust, I'm stepping in."
“No.” Castiel pulls away from him and puts both his hands near his face as if he wants to hide but is trying to stop himself. “No, it won’t get better. I won’t get better. I’m awful at this. I’m - I’m no good. You shouldn’t - you should pick someone else.”
Could I really live the rest of my life settling for someone else when I know somewhere out there is
Once again, Castiel is staring at him like he’s both shocked and terrified. “Passing out? Like… fully out? And you’d just… keep going? Would you even check on me?”
Dean scoffs. “Come on, Cas. We’re integrated here but you see how this place operates. To every one demon there are ten angels. There’s only one demon teacher, and Mr. Crowley has been fighting for his job the past few years because apparently they’re having ‘budget cuts’ in the history department.”
"Oh, and Benny?" Dean says, stopping Benny before he can go back outside to retrieve their package from the trunk. "Tell Ellen I'd like pie for dessert tonight. There's nothing better than pie and ice cream before a good information extraction."
Just as he's feeling tears prick his eyes, Castiel catches something red out of the corner of his eye and turns to see what it is. His panic ebbs with the distraction. He sucks in a relieved breath as he registers that the light is from the coffee pot, there to let him know the thing is turned on and the liquid is hot.
The better question is probably whether Dean will be allowed to come tonight. Considering the cock ring, and the fact that he’s being punished, Dean has a bad feeling about it.
Even though he knows logically that he’s not going to get hurt with the knife, he still sags in relief when the blade stops touching him. But then he’s hearing the same sound as before, this time louder and angrier as Benny uses the knife on his pants. A bark of laughter startles him a moment later, which is when he remembers that he’s not wearing anything beneath. He was asleep a little while ago! He didn’t care about grabbing underwear!
“Fantastic!” Dean declares before pointing at the steaming mug before him. “I’m cleared for coffee today, Cas. It’s going to be a good day. A good year. A good life.”
Castiel takes one look at him and starts crying harder. He shakes his head and shifts away when Dean kneels down beside him, but when Dean wraps him up in a tight hug, Castiel stops fighting. He just falls into Dean’s grasp and clings to him, fingers digging deep into Dean’s back as if he might try to leave.
“I can’t be.” Castiel shakes his head. “Don’t - just don’t. I’m no good. I’m damaged. My dad was ri-” Refusing to let Castiel finish that thought, Dean crushes his lips to his. Castiel startles and tries to pull away for a second before melting against him and sighing in what Dean can only believe is relief.
He's definitely going to need more booze on this flight. Enough to forget all about blue eyes and pillowy lips. About messy hair and a rough voice. About strong, capable hands and sexy smiles.
The vomiting comes in waves until I’m left with nothing but painful dry heaves. I curl up against the wall of the bathroom and close my eyes, hating that I can feel tears falling down my cheeks. I’m suddenly freezing cold and unable to stop shaking.
“No!” Castiel stomps his foot, which is adorable and bratty and makes Dean slightly worried about his future sanity. “You said we were gonna play.”
When sir’s cock is taken away from him, Castiel cries out in despair. He tries to chase it, but it’s nowhere nearby. Sir isn’t, either. He can feel it in the air. There’s no longer the heat of his presence radiating against Castiel’s bare skin.
Castiel has a feeling ‘particular’ is a word that very accurately describes Dean Winchester, but he won’t point that out. Dean’s being kind but giving Castiel some control here. The strange thing, though, is Castiel wishes he wouldn’t. He has too much damn anxiety right now. He’s so overwhelmed. Between this fancy date and their night at the club, so many possibilities and worries and potentially disastrous mistakes he could make are swarming in his head.
“No. That and - brown showers?” Castiel makes an adorable face. “I was too afraid to even google them.”
When Castiel says nothing, the doctor sighs heavily and turns towards the couch where Castiel assumes Dean is still sitting. Castiel expects Dean to say something, or for the doctor to say something to Dean. Instead, the doctor turns back to look out the window with Castiel and says, “I think you’d make an excellent father, Castiel.”
"You think he got drugged?" Rage flashes in Ash's eyes. "Did some son of a bitch drug a person in our house?"
They're making love, the ocean playing a melody for them as they come apart and fuse back together as something
Nodding, Castiel takes the chocolate again and tries a slightly larger bite. It makes Dean smile wider, and his stomach likes the smile apparently because it accepts the chocolate. It even wants more.
Dean won’t always let that slide, but he will for tonight. “I think you’d look beautiful in all of them. Should we have you try each on for me?”
“I - I don’t-” he pulls away, looking up at me with wide eyes. The green of his irises is the lightest I’ve seen - almost golden - and his pupils are fucking blown. “
“Okay.” Castiel holds his breath, trying to fight off the need to cry. When he has it under control, he says, “I’m sorry.”
"I love you," sir whispers as he pulls those two fingers out and too quickly begins pressing into his tight, nearly dry hole. He nibbles on Castiel's ear and repeats himself. "I love you. I love you so fucking much."
Castiel closes his eyes and growls at himself. If Dean didn't know about subspace, he isn't going to know about sub drop. He probably woke up panicked or maybe sick. Sad. Feeling worthless or - or it doesn't matter.
Dean feels his face heat up but he can't get himself to care. Not now. Not when he's already so desperate. "Need to be fucked. Need - need to be used, sir. Please. Please use me, sir."
“Vegas was good for getting shit out of my system, I guess. No one was looking at me. No one gave two shits what little ol’ me was up to on that strip. It was fair game.”
Unable to talk to anyone, or to even look at anyone, I slide past my dad and hurry out the door, shifting into my wolf the second I can.
, which was pretty important to me for obvious reasons. And she got it. Didn’t push me on things. When I started sobbing after she dropped a pot in the kitchen once, she just brought me a mug of tea and sat beside me. Didn’t ask questions or try to make me talk about it. She realized quick I was afraid of loud noises, so she made sure to never slam doors or bang around or anything. If she wanted my attention, she made sure to walk toward me from the front and not the back. She never tapped me on the shoulder or snuck up on me. Never raised her voice. She never grilled me on my past or my family or anything. Her whole friend group was made up of misfits, so I sort of just fit in, which was nice.”
The name must unravel Castiel's final shred of restraint because he breathes out like he's been punched and gasps, "Come for me," as his cock spurts inside Dean.
"Of course." Dean dips the cloth beneath the surface of the water to wash Castiel's lower stomach. He looks at Castiel for a reaction. The boy is beginning to pant, his face pink, but he's not arguing. "Whichever one you want to go to. We can plan it."
"Yes," Castiel whispers, remembering that day all those years ago, the two of them standing in front of the bathroom mirror. Two men who were about to flip each other's worlds. "Thank you, Dean."
“So…” Castiel clears his throat, eyes darting over Dean’s shoulder before landing back on Dean. “What do you think?”
It's actually kind of nice. Soothing. Familiar. He closes his eyes and just listens to it, blocking everything else out.
"Fuck that rule." Castiel tightens his grip on Dean and shoves him - actually shoves him - onto Castiel's bed. "I think you were made for me, Dean. My perfect little dirty slut."
Castiel's chest unfurls and he can breathe again. He talked to Sam. From what Castiel has heard, Sam would never treat Dean the way John did. Add in Dean's change in mood and it's clear the call went well. "What'd he have to say?"
“Don’t.” John sticks a finger in Dean’s face. “You make a decision, Dean. Your family, or that sadistic monster.”
Castiel hadn't expected Benny to bring up Dean, and he's not sure what to say. He settles on pure information, wanting to avoid opinions or volatile topics like Dean. "Why do I need to meet with security?"
Once the plane lands, Dean goes through the motions required to get home. Everything is a blur. Just a ton of people and noises. His mind is too distracted to take it all in, occupied by thoughts of Castiel.
. Only Sammy knows. He speaks softly, suddenly feeling like he might cry. “But little Sammy, he was safe.”
My dad turns on his heel, his eyes boring into mine. Jack's wolf isn't black, so he knows damn well it was me. His eyes flash red and I instinctively take a step back. “Were you in the woods by Dean’s?”
For the first time since the party at Castiel’s house, Dean smiles. It’s weak and slightly forced but it’s there. “As long as Gabriel baked it and you didn’t.”
“Okay. Yeah. Okay.” Dean rests his bloody hands on his hips, hangs his head, and closes his eyes. He tries to breathe, but he swears the oxygen isn’t reaching his lungs.
His tormentor just laughs softly, his footsteps moving again. There’s a stretch of silence then. Long enough for Castiel to start doubting his sass. Whatever he has coming, it probably isn’t good.
Castiel gives him a lazy nod and opens his mouth again, silently requesting Dean feed him the mini-chocolate bar. He wraps his lips around the candy, but also around the tip of Dean’s finger, staring at Dean with clear purpose as he rolls his tongue around his mouth. Dean watches in a trance as Castiel melts the chocolate against his finger, then sucks it off of him. By the time Castiel is finished, pulling away with a tired but flirty smile, Dean’s hard again. When Castiel looks down and sees that, he starts to squirm.
Go upstairs. Go to the bedroom. No, go - go to Benny. Benny’s room. I’ll shower and fucking calm down and then come get you. Okay?"
“Most of them are dull spikes. It’s actually a lot more to do with sensation, not pain. They all have different textures. Different weights. I know how much you hate blindfolds, but if you ever wanted to try some sensory deprivation, those would be something I’d like to try with you.”
Every time Castiel switches his technique, going from kitten licks to lapping at him, or going from teasing pokes to full-on tongue fucking him, Dean’s cock does a harsh bounce and fills more. By the time Castiel’s nipping at his ass cheek, the tip of his finger circling Dean’s hole in a teasing motion, Dean’s not sure how it’s humanly possible to be this hard without combusting.
“Says who?” Dean can practically hear Castiel’s cocky smirk. “I might be this new guy that’s a total sap who cries at
Then again, he hasn’t really let go, has he? He’s been complaining in his mind. He’s been trying to anticipate. He’s been trying to take control. He’s been gritting his teeth around the gag and growling and jerking.
John turns back to him, panting. “You didn’t even tell me you were fucking leaving! Just disappeared!”
“Wheeled spanking benches.” Dean closes his eyes, clearly fighting memories. He whispers so quietly that Castiel barely hears it. “Enemas. Just - no.”
“I know.” His face flushes red and he quickly looks at the football field again. “I mean - I just - Benny -”
“Woah. Hey. What’s going on here, guys?” Castiel turns his head to find Benny rushing over to them, hands up. The second Dean turns his attention to Benny, opening his mouth to explain, Castiel is running again. He hears Dean swear, but Benny says something about leaving him alone, and it must work because he’s no longer being followed.
The sob Dean’s been trying very hard to contain finally bubbles past his lips. He hunches his shoulders in and continues to cry, knowing there’s no way in hell he’s going to be able to stop at this point. He just settles for burying his face in his hands, hoping to muffle the embarrassing sounds.
I groan, putting my face in my hands. That just makes me want him more. Why can’t he just be an asshole instead?
And it doesn’t help that Dean looks the exact opposite, sitting across from him at the table, confident and sexy in his nice suit. Not at all affected.
“Wh-” he stops, his eyes screwing shut as his hands claw at his stomach. A choked gasp rips its way out of him and a surge of pain knocks the breath out of my lungs, our thread vibrating with terror.
Since Castiel doesn't actually know what this mysterious Dean looks like, he feels pretty damn awkward as he stands just inside the entrance of the coffee shop, eyes scanning the crowd for… he doesn't even know. A guy that looks like he could belong to a fraternity. A guy that looks like he had a fantastic moral compass. He imagines the guy to be cute, but that's not a confirmed fact.
"It's okay, buddy. I've got ya," Dean assures, digging in his bag for gauze. He presses it against the man's head and smiles when he's rewarded with two very bright blue eyes. They're almost surreal in this place stained by mud and blood and evil. Dean doesn't have time to appreciate something poetic like that, though. No. All Dean cares about at the moment is that the man's pupils are regular and he's tracking Dean's movements without delay.
“I was curious where you sat with humiliation.” Dean closes the bedroom door before shedding his jacket and hanging it over the back of the armchair. “I think you might have a bit of a kink.”
Castiel releases a wrecked sob when he feels the first spurt of hot cum inside of him, realization dawning that he's not going to get to come. Sir jerks once more inside him before slowly grinding his hips against Castiel's ass, filling him up with every last drop. He hushes Castiel and kisses his throat, moaning as he finds his release.
Dean looks conflicted. Almost pained. Then he's pulling Castiel into a hug, cradling the back of his head and pressing Castiel's face against his neck. Despite how he feels, Castiel finds his body relaxing.  He melts into the hold, which earns him a pleased hum from Dean.
, Castiel lines up his cock and gently nudges in. He smirks when Dean's eyes flash open for a second as he gasps. The boy behaves, though, screwing his eyes shut again once the shock has cleared.
“I just-” Castiel places a hand over Dean’s heart, and Dean’s breath catches in his chest. “Thank you for being like this.”
“It’s a bit of a… hypothesis of sorts but,” Dean pauses, cupping Castiel’s cheek. His smile is nervous but hopeful. “When you’re out of your mind, I’ll bring you down. When you’re trapped, I’ll make you fly so high you forget your own fucking name.”
When there's the slightest bump from the trunk, not from the drugged unconscious body fighting for freedom but from the drugged unconscious body sliding to the side when Benny takes a turn a little too hard, Dean grabs the back of Castiel's head and pulls him into a deep kiss as a distraction. Castiel sighs happily. He tastes like chocolate and salt, his tongue cold as he slides it against Dean's with surprising confidence.
“True mates,” I whisper, almost afraid to say it too loud. I had known. The whole time, I had known. It was there in the back of my mind. I’m not an idiot. Omegas don’t smell like Christmas. They don’t smell specific depending on the omega. They all just smell… like omegas. It’s a distinct, never-changing smell that intensifies during their heats before fading back to normal. A nice smell, yes, but a
After going through 4 more magazines, Castiel finally manages to get all of his bullets at least somewhere on the paper, and two shots in the torso like he was told.
Dean opens his mouth, probably to give a suggestion - an interesting one, too, if his mischievous smile has anything to say about it - but Castiel stops him with a finger in the air. He allows his eyes to darken, letting the monster peek out ever so slightly. Dean’s breath hitches as his pupils dilate. Castiel chuckles darkly as he watches him gulp.
Heart lurching in his throat, Dean pushes Castiel against the shelves of flour and kisses him like their lives depend on it. Castiel grunts in surprise before quickly wrapping his strong arms around Dean and holding him tight, deepening the kiss.
"Shhh," Dean whispers, using his free hand to stroke the side of Castiel's hair that isn't being pulled at the moment. "Don't try to breathe. You can't. Just relax. Give into it. Sir will decide when you need air."
“You won’t. Your dad’s mated. Gabe's mated. The rest are females. Anna is human. You’re fine. It’s just me.” He shrugs, a wave of guilt coming off of him and vibrating through our thread. “Castiel, I’m-”
“That’s such a long story - one I don’t even know, actually. My dad said he’ll explain it to you someday. Whoever it was, my dad said he’s not a problem anymore.”
“Shhh. That’s it. Just let it out.” Dean strokes a hand through Castiel’s curls, rocking them on their feet. “That’s it. You’re okay. I have you.”
This makes Dean laugh hard enough for tears to come to his eyes. "It's perfectly safe! You do remember what I do for a living, right?"
I roll my eyes without responding. I’m too focused on everyone in the hall, scanning through the crowd using all of my senses. My wolf growls inside my chest. It hasn’t spent enough time with Dean yet. It’s still having a hard time finding him. My wolf doesn’t like that. My wolf thinks we should be with Dean all the time. Why wouldn’t we be? What a silly thought. It’s
Dean starts to point to things, even though Castiel is barely paying attention. The bathroom is fucking huge. And gorgeous.
Dean's such a fucking idiot. Why did he think anything different? They've known each other a day and a half, and Castiel spent nearly the whole time hating him. But even with the fight this morning, Dean had thought something was starting between them. The conversation they had the night before, sharing secrets and gentle touches. And then tonight with the olive branch they extended.
“Hey, hey, hey, shhh,” Dean’s warm voice brings Castiel down from his mental spin. All of the thoughts still pulse beneath the surface, ready to overwhelm him again, but for now, Dean has them at bay. Especially once Castiel looks up into Dean’s kind green eyes. “Shhh. I’ve got you, baby. I’m right here.”
The two look at each other before back at him. They’re clearly confused. “No, dude. We’re paying attention to the lesson. No one’s talking but you.”
“In the grocery store - you knew I was an omega.” I pull away to look at him. He lets me, his hand loose but present on my wrist just like before. “It’s - that’s why I smelled so good.”
Castiel begins flipping through it. He’s stunned. To the point where he thinks maybe he should sit down. They’re all extravagant weddings with elegant tables and bright flowers. One is in what looks like a forest. Another is on a cliff overlooking the lake. There’s one in an open field. One in a gorgeous old barn. One in at a log-cabin lodge. There are autumn weddings. Winter weddings. Spring and summer weddings. There are classic themes like whites and creams and low lighting. There are crazy themes like a kickass full rainbow wedding for two men in glittery suits. There are simple altars. There are altars covered in flowers. Covered in tulle. Covered in twinkle lights.
“And we - we put the groceries in this cart?” Castiel tilts his head in confusion, looking far too adorable for a man so sexy and dominant. “Yes, okay. That makes sense. Okay. Yeah. A cart. Great!”
“But, full disclosure-” a small smirk pulls at Castiel’s lips. “You’ll have to do the laundry. I can handle dishes and sweeping or whatever, but laundry… I still haven’t mastered the laundry.”
“Sammy…” Dean begs, giving his brother the same puppy dog eyes that Sam has always been so good at. “Stop.”
A tap on the bathroom door draws my attention away from the mirror. I look over just in time to see a flash of paper skid across the tiled floor. It makes my stomach flip, the corners of my mouth twitching as I reach for it.
Hey all! Back with more - sorry again for the long waits, & that I haven't replied back to comments yet. My life is a fucking mess right now but I want you all to know I appreciate you all so much and your comments help me so much when I'm down <3 Thank you for sticking with me even though I'm a hot mess  <3 <3 <3
He’s recovered now. I took him by surprise, that was clear, but the man has bounced back. The smile he gives me is even more charming than before with just a hint of mischief in it. His calloused thumb runs along the curve of my finger and I’m very proud of myself for not whimpering like I desperately want to.
He takes Dean’s wrists and yanks them back, holding them down right above his ass as he reaches for Dean’s lanyard on his bedside table.
I wake up slowly, my body heavy and sluggish. Wherever I am is… dark. Cold. I start to bring a hand to my face, wanting to rub at my eyes so I can see better, but something stops me. The sound of chains clinking fills the air. What the hell? What’s going on? Where am I?
“Castiel,” Dean says again. When Castiel lifts his eyes to look at Dean, another tear falls. The pain in Dean’s expression is evident. “Would you like to go?”
He pulls the boy's head back long enough for him to suck in air through his nose, then shoves him down again. More tears fall down his cheeks, but Castiel continues to stare up at Dean like he's the greatest thing in the fucking world.
Ignoring the desperate little slut, Dean pulls out his two fingers from Castiel’s hole and replaces them with a dildo that’s two inches shorter than his cock and much slimmer. Castiel cants his hips and keens when it’s shoved into him, his hole barely resisting.
Dean swallows hard, trying not to imagine that the man is going down on his knees for other reasons. “Okay.”
“I’ll teach you.” Dean smiles softly, but something’s still picking at the back of his mind. “This money that you have, Cas?”
At some point, Castiel falls asleep. His breathing deepens, pink lips slightly parted, eyelashes kissing his cheekbones. He looks beautiful. Peaceful.
“You know, Castiel,” Dr. Edlund says conversationally. “A lot of first time parents have no idea what they’re doing. They get pissed on trying to change diapers. They become sleep-deprived zombies. They put onesies on backwards. They accidentally bring the baby out missing a sock. They show up to work covered in spit-up. They call their pediatrician 10 times a week, concerned that the baby sneezed or cried funny or looked at them in a strange way. Parents have no fucking idea what they’re doing the first time around. What makes a parent a good parent is that they accept that, and they try to learn. They care. They love their children. That’s what matters. That they
it. Otherwise, your mind won't let you into that space. And that's what was so different for you. Before, when we would be together, you would disassociate. It was a coping mechanism. But last night, you went into subspace, and that's not to cope or escape what's happening. It's just meant to heighten everything." Castiel laughs under his breath. "Now I'm the one probably not making any sense."
Dean is unnaturally nervous as he sits in the booth waiting for Jimmy Novak. He’s been a mess since he entered the restaurant. Dean wasn’t sure if he should sit, or wait in the lobby. When the woman told him people usually sit, he chose that. But then she asked if he wanted a drink and he didn’t know if it was rude to already have a drink when Jimmy showed up or not. He could really use a coffee, but that seemed like too much so he had settled for a water.
"Good.” Castiel sticks his tongue out at him. “Because you’re stuck with me. Arranged marriage and all, ya know?”
Annoyed now, Dean turns his face and blows smoke in Castiel’s direction. They aren’t close enough for him to choke on the stuff, but it’s enough for him to inhale it, to notice it. His face wrinkles for just a moment before he’s relaxing in his restraints.
Sir presses a finger into him, sighing heavily when there's already some resistance. He pulls it out and spits shamelessly onto his fingers twice. Then he tries again. The finger burns, but it goes in. The second finger makes Castiel tremble and cry. He’s not so sure about this anymore. Sir has always prepped him so carefully…
“Um, well, no.” Castiel ducks his head. “I think I’d like it actually. Like… maybe… a lot. Sorry. I should have looked into it more.”
“Yes, sir,” he says quietly as he takes the two steps and falls to his knees on the cushion. The two words sound natural coming from the boy. It makes Dean’s chest swell with pride.
“A very large vase,” Sam adds, looking at Jimmy with a proud smile. “He killed the man. Saved both of you doing it.”
“Mmm. No spanking, perhaps, but don’t you worry. Your ass will still be red by the end of this.” Sir chuckles, his hand remaining tight in Castiel’s curls. “I’m going to use you as my little test subject today. How does that sound, boy?”
Sam laughs along with him, and it feels good that he can do that now. That the two of them can look back at that dark time two years ago and see it as something manageable. Put it in perspective.
Castiel pauses long enough for Dean to open his eyes. “Are you gonna put the bluetooth thingy in your ear?”
Sir groans, palming his cock through his pants. Then he grabs Castiel by the hair and halls him up on his knees, dragging him across the flooring until his face is smashing up against sir's fabric covered erection. There's a stray bit of come there, right by his zipper.
When I hear Bobby tell Dean to get ready for school, and Dean not arguing with him, I head back to my own place in my wolf form so I can do the same. My dad hasn’t even bothered to fight with me over pretty much stalking Bobby’s house. I hadn’t told him about the conversation we had, I’m still trying to sort everything I learned out in my head, but I told him Bobby gave me permission. He raised a fuss about me missing school, but he dropped that quickly too. I think he could tell I wasn’t going to be swayed.
“What do you say?” Dean growls, tightening his grip until he knows there will be bruises on his boy’s skin. Marks. Claims. “What do you say to sir for making you feel better than ever before?”
“Yeah. On my records it claims I’m from some place in Kansas. Maybe if I go there, someone will recognize me.”
Castiel always knew he was a dick but in his mind he always thought he’d be a good dom if he ever found himself in a position like that.
“Y-yes, s-” Dean coughs and tries to move his head back toward Castiel to get some more air. Castiel just tightens the belt.
"I'm never leaving you again. I promise." He shows Dean the rag, wringing it out as he walks without caring that the floor gets wet. "Everything was starting to dry. Just wanted to clean you up so you woke up more comfortable."
With a sharp look that lets Dean know Benny is not in the joking mood right now, Benny orders, “You will call him. Now.”
Dean closes his eyes for a second to compose himself. This was overwhelming for Castiel. Even if that hasn’t sunk in yet for the boy, it will. Tonight was a huge step, not just for their relationship, but for Castiel’s sex life as well. He did a scene, even if he’s not fully aware of that. Dean needs to take care of Castiel now. His greedy cock can wait.
I’m the kind of person who watches football now - though I have to ask Castiel every few minutes what the hell is going on, and then pretend to understand his explanation. There’s hot chocolate and popcorn and a dance team at half-time that’s surprisingly talented. It’s cold, but not too cold. The perfect sweater weather. The trees are changing colors. The stadium lights add this soft glow to everything.
His expression goes serious, and I know he did. At least the important stuff. The heavier stuff. “I woke up to you closing your bedroom door, so yes.”
“Alright, alright, I’m coming.” Charlie takes her mug of coffee from the table and scurries after Dean, saying something that Castiel can’t quite make out. Whatever it is, though, makes Dean chuckle.
Three minutes later, Benny comes back into the salon looking composed, no sign of a struggle other than a smudge of blood on the knuckle of his right forefinger. As Castiel picks the scent profile he'd like used during his pampering session on Saturday before the ball, Benny says into Dean's ear, "It's handled."
Dean pretends to be distracted more than he is, pointing things out to Castiel and staring at him a lot like he can't see the world apart from him. He kisses him, their steps stumbling. He laughs with him. Whispers to him. He plays the part of idiot in love, letting their tail believe he's currently reckless.
The man tears his gaze away from him and takes a breath, notching his head like he’s resetting himself. His tongue darts out between his lips. Dean wonders what they taste like.
Two iron-clad hands grip Dean's hips and hold him still, sir using enough force to make Dean hiss in pain.
“Good.” Dean squeezes his hand once before letting go and returning to a comfortable position in his chair. “Now, my three questions.”
“Yeah.” Dean glances over at Castiel quickly before hurrying to look at the floor again. “He promises me he’ll always listen to it. And then I use it, and he doesn’t…”
It's a year and a half away, so Castiel puts it out of his mind. He doesn't even bother mentioning it to Dean. There's no point.
Dean goes back to grab the briefs in each color. Then he pauses next to another rack. He had planned on surprising Castiel with the lace briefs, then following them up with some jockstraps, one of them unzipping in the front. He had figured that was when Castiel would finally say enough.
Thankfully, Castiel just curls up in his blanket and lays back against his pillow when the water is taken from his lips. He watches Dean with hooded eyes as Dean walks around the bed and climbs into his own side. He turns the light off and rolls over to face Castiel.
"Nothing. I just - well, clothes were tomorrows priority. I didn't think of tonight." Before Castiel can respond, Dean is smiling again. "No big deal. Help yourself to anything of mine."
The familiar sound of a spreader bar being reset fills the air and Castiel moans. The sound makes Dean laugh softly as he climbs up on the bed somewhere by Castiel’s feet. He secures Castiel to it, testing the restraints, before jerking it out in one fluid motion to spread Castiel’s legs.
Castiel glances at the door to Dean’s office, making sure the coast is still clear. “Okay, you know how I told you about the whole playroom and bdsm thing last time we talked?”
“I-” Dean pauses. No one has ever asked him that. He’s never really considered it. There wasn’t much of a choice in the matter… He was the eldest son. From the very start, Dean knew one day the empire would be his. It was just a fact. The sky was blue. Earth was round. Dean Winchester would one day be king. “I don’t know.”
Slipping back into the right frame of mind, Castiel gives Dean a grin so evil that Dean whimpers. "I'll touch you when I feel like it. You're a toy. You'll be lucky if I touch you at all. It's not like you matter."
"N-no," Tamiel whispers, his eyes locked on the pliers as Dean uses them to spread blood through the man's curly happy trail. "Was just there to spy on you and-"
"I'll try my best too," Castiel promises. "I'm trying my best now. It probably doesn't feel like it, but I am."
“Is there any chance you would know who the head of my security team is? And maybe where I could find them?”
“Watch yourself, pet,” he growls, making Dean melt to the point where he accidentally coos under his breath.
"That's the attitude," Dean says sarcastically. He didn't mean for any anger to lace through the words, but it's there, and he can see that Castiel heard it.
“Mmmm.” Dean nuzzles him for a moment before pulling back so they can look at each other. “I believe we have a talk scheduled.”
“Shhh. Be a good boy. You’ve been such a good boy, baby.” He feels Dean kiss the inside of his thigh. Then the boy’s finger is gently pushing into him. It’s… more than he thought it’d be, in a really fucking good way. It’s not long before Dean is pushing in a second finger, pumping up into him as Castiel does his best to fuck downward.
Gabriel pauses his video, turns in his chair, and sighs. “Cas, come on. We both know you’re going to do it.”
It’s clear Castiel isn’t sure what to expect, his body tensing up when Dean’s fingers leave his hole. He yelps the first time Dean licks his ass cheek. Clearly, it’s not what he was expecting. The next time Dean does it, over a particularly red spot, all of the air rushes out of Castiel in a hiss. His entire body shudders when Dean pulls back to blow on the wet skin.
Castiel is thirsty. Dying-in-the-desert thirsty. But he’s certain that if he lifts his hand and reaches for the glass in front of him, he’ll knock it over from how shaky he is. They’ve been here less than five minutes, and Castiel already feels ready to bolt.
“They replaced me!” Dean pushes away from the table, standing on jelly-like legs. His stomach quakes. His chest constricts.
Close by are two dark-brown leather pieces of furniture that he can’t figure out. One is shaped like a small barrel, placed on a stand sideways, almost like you could lay on it. There are hooks on the front and back of it, and more on the stand. Castiel can’t see how that could be used for… anything. Even if someone laid on it, wouldn’t they fall off? It’s too small and narrow. And it can’t be comfortable.
The toaster falls to the floor. It startles Gabriel, but he clenches his teeth and forces his body to stay perfectly still. Ass resting in his feet. Hands on his thighs. Palms toward the sky. Back straight. Head bowed. Eyes on the floor.
“Yes. Right here beside the door.” Dean points to the black leather cushion that’s about six inches from the doorframe to their left. “Now, Castiel.”
I close my eyes and focus on my threads, checking on the pack. It’s hard to concentrate on any of them as my thread with Dean burns white hot. It's been too long away from him. My wolf is in agony. I need to let him get a glimpse of the boy in the window again.
Dean knows what that look means. He's close to being kicked out of Castiel's bed and his ass better tread lightly on the thin ice beneath his feet.
to breathe. Taking everything away and carrying it for you makes me feel more like myself than ever before."
. He was the first fledgling father let Michael help create. Michael poured all of his heart into that little angel. All of his hope for the world. He knows that Castiel could be good. If only he hadn’t been corrupted so young.
Then he’s kneeling on the cold concrete of his cell. His body is bruised. Rug burned. He’s being hand-fed. Given sips of water. His heart is aching. It feels as if he’s been cut wide open. He misses Master.
He sucks again, and Castiel cries out. He feels ready to break, and he’s not sure if it’s a good break or a bad one. Fear crawls along his skin and he tries to squeeze his eyes shut tighter than they already are.
Dean looks over at him in surprise. He’s not sure if he’s ever heard the word ‘cute’ come out of Castiel’s mouth, and he most certainly didn’t expect it to be about a child. Castiel had looked at the boy as if the small child was going to attack him at the store.
The two of them just stare at each other. It’s Jimmy who breaks first. “Jesus, that’s like… cosmic, hey? What are the odds?”
“Really?” Dean asks, unable to help himself. He has to be sure. This is too good to be true. Way too fucking good to be true. Why would someone as beautiful and kind and innocent as Castiel love someone like him?
At least Castiel's concerned frown quickly turns to a grin as well. "I'm hoping this means you're good."
No one had stopped him when he went looking for Dean. In fact, Castiel had only passed one person the whole journey, and that was one of the night guards who just simply smiled and nodded at him. When he had woken up alone in their bed, he had assumed Dean was in his office. That's where Castiel had looked first. That's also where Castiel bumped Dean's computer mouse and found the security system pulled up on his monitor, playing soundless footage of the dungeons as Dean stood in front of a naked man hanging from the ceiling. Castiel knew then that he should go back to bed. He knew when he got close enough to the dungeon door to first hear the man scream. He knew when he peeked around the corner to find Dean using bloody pliers to hold onto the man's soft cock. He knew when he watched the man he loves nearly rip off his victim's nipple. He knew when he inched closer and saw the blood trickling down the man's body in dark red streams.
He doesn't even have time to doubt himself. Some guy hands him a drink within 30 seconds, and even though normal Castiel thinks
Retracting his hand, Dean puts it in his dress pants pocket and casually answers, "My fiancé is just fine. Thank you for asking."
When I get to Dean's, I smell something that has my mouth watering. I slowly approach his window before woofing a deep laugh at what I find. It's a huge fucking slab of steak and a big dog bowl of water. A note is taped to the outside of his window.
“Mhhm.” Dean tries to glare at Castiel, but he ends up smiling instead. He can’t be mad at the boy. It’s impossible. “I don’t like the danger it puts you in.”
Castiel growls, then throws himself back on the bed. He can feel tears burning his eyes. Usually he’d fight the urge to cry, but now he couldn’t care less. His life is crumbling.
to do. But he's an excellent dancer - of course, the sexy asshole is great at everything, the bastard - and Castiel finds himself begging Dean for another dance after the first song ends.
"Oh." Castiel stares at the door. Then it clicks, and his cheeks turn a beautiful shade of pink. "Oh!"
The way he says it, smooth and seductive, his eyes soft as he looks at Dean for permission, makes Dean feel like he’s saying something much dirtier. Like,
That’s Dean’s first instinct. He needs to gag him. It’ll take that layer of panic away from him. But to take his verbal safeword from him on their first time together? That’s probably not the best idea.
Unfortunately for Dean, he doesn't have a fun day planned like Castiel. He has a meeting with Chuck Novak. It will be the first time they won't be meeting on neutral ground. Now that the deal has been sealed, Chuck is coming to Dean's company office downtown. Which might be a terrible fucking idea, because Dean is still pissed at him, and with all the confusion and emotions swirling around because of Castiel, Dean needs an outlet.
There’s a slight shifting sound behind him before Castiel says, “You go on. I’ll be here when you’re ready.”
"Absolutely. You're not going to believe me, but I missed you while I was sick. I thought a lot about you."
"No, Dean. I mean, if Castiel does not want to live here, and does not want to marry you, can he leave? Can he get out of this deal?"
“Where are you going?” he asks as Castiel opens the door, taking advantage of the fact that it doesn’t lock from the inside.
It takes Castiel a moment to process. Even then, he’s confused. "You - you said I could make myself come, sir. If - if I hurry?"
Alistair just saw pale skin that would look pretty painted red and purple. Alistair just saw a cute twink that’d die taking a big cock. Alistair just saw Dean, a mild-sadist who refuses to admit that maybe he’s a bit more of a sadist than that, standing with a sub that must be a masochist. Alistair saw what Dean would have seen a week ago.
"Yes, sir!" A new wave of energy surges through his sub, Dean coming alive as he realizes how close he is to being done.
“How did you survive?” Dean asks in slight awe, eyes locking with Castiel’s. He can tell the boy wants to look away, but he’s under that spell Dean sometimes manages to put him under, so he can’t. If Dean was a good person he would look away first and give Castiel the out. Dean's not a good person.
The flush on Dean’s face spreads down his neck and along his chest. Castiel tilts his head, allowing himself to enjoy his view. He flicks his gaze down and smirks when he sees that his pet’s cock is quickly hardening.
Considering Benny walks in before Dean does, clearly knowing his way, Castiel has a feeling the man has been here plenty of times.
“I would’ve put Poughkeepsie in the note if that were the case, dad. Just because I’m some weak, pathetic idiot that fell in love with his captor doesn’t mean I forgot everything you taught me.” Dean shoves off of the vehicle, facing his father again. The sudden rush of anger is helping him forget about the anxiety and sadness, giving him a false sense of security. “I’m still a Winchester. I’m still your son.”
The barked laughter from Dean off to the side makes Castiel smile even wider. Benny just glares at both of them before grumbling, “I hate both of you. I’m letting your asses get shot next time we’re out on the town.”
He looks up, his eyes scanning me as if he can find whatever answers he’s looking for on my face. They must not be there because he sighs heavily and asks, “Did you see any of them?”
“You can’t promise things like that, Cas.” I give him a warm smile and nuzzle the palm of his right hand. “But I love you for trying.”
“It’s a long story, son. Goes way back.” He scrubs a hand across his face. “Please, if you trust me, just stay the hell away. They hurt people, Dean. They’ve hurt a lot of people. They hurt-” he stops himself, swearing under his breath.
“Not on my own. I didn’t know it at the time, but that’s pretty dangerous to do. Like if I would have just grabbed someone and started dominating them, it wouldn’t be good. But this dom had his sub on the stage, strapped to a spanking bench, and part of the scene was letting others just come and use him. The dom oversaw everything. The sub had a safeword. Everything was kosher. You should have seen Benny’s face when I stood up and declared I was going up there.”
** also, this hasn't been beta'd so sorry if there's any mistakes, but I wanted to get it out to you sooner rather than later <3
Satisfied, sir pulls the knife away and moves back enough where his body heat is no longer tangible to Castiel. Something rattles, something metallic. “What will it be? 20 minute kidney death, or play my game?”
Dad flicks his gaze at Gabe before notching his head in the direction of the house. I have to stop myself from begging Gabe to stay and back me up, no longer hating him.
Castiel manages to grind once against the sheets before he’s screaming through his gag in agony. It takes a moment for his brain to push through the white-hot pain before he realizes what’s happening.
Ketch says, “The kiss after Ethan,” at the same time that Cole says, “When he got jealous and kissed you.”
Chuck frowns at the rudeness, but then smooths his face into a smile. After all, Dean isn't the only one who needs to keep a good public impression, and Chuck is just as aware as he is that all eyes are upon them.
He nibbles on his bottom lip for a moment before nodding. When he starts to look away from me again, clearly planning to hide, I stop. “No, no, no. Eyes on me, beautiful.”
“He’s not my sub.” Dean clears his throat, looking uncomfortable. “He’s not a sub. Anyone’s sub. He’s just curious.”
I pull away before my wolf does anything irrational. It’s less than 24 hours to the peak of the full moon, after all.
Castiel nibbles on his bottom lip, a tell Dean is starting to pick up on. “So fantasy rape then… it’s…?”
