“I remember, yes. Should I be happy to see you, or should I fear for your safety?” Donatello said. Him and Cas stared straight ahead at the elevator door.
“You should have brought her tonight,” Naomi said, who had her arm linked to Daphne’s. Daphne gave Castiel a shy smile.
The band had a rather enthusiastic saxophone player and a leader singer playing a steely electric guitar that Castiel, had to admit, quite liked the sound of. They played a riff, paused, then the whole crowd screamed at the top of their lungs-
It was raining in the city that day. The rain shimmered against the streets, making them look like dark rivers. A song played in Castiel’s head. A soft song that was almost dizzying. It made him feel like he was swaying on a ship while the ocean was still riled by a storm. Castiel traced his fingers over the raindrops that slid down the window of the cab. He sat in the backseat, his briefcase crammed between his knees and the passenger seat in front of him.
Sam didn’t waste any time admiring the car and climbed on into the passenger seat. “He does this every time we drive somewhere. Groping his car like a weirdo.”
“I would like to be your friend,” Castiel said. He stood in front of the bar, his hands in fists beside him.
Castiel thought of scolding his brother for venturing behind the bar, but he didn’t have the energy. “It’s fine, Gabe,” he said. “Just glad mom didn’t hear it.”
Dean breathed out a laugh. He wasn’t previously looking at Castiel, his eyes had been focused on the glass, but now he looked up. He had this intense look, determined in a way, and fully and unabashedly stubborn. “Aren’t there better places for that? Concert halls? Hotel lobbys? Old man clubs? I’m sure your mother would want a pianist at her weekly book club.”
Castiel looked over at her and only saw a nest of brown hair peeking out from under the blanket. “I’ll pick up more pain meds from the store, yeah?” His mother said nothing.
Dean nodded, then pulled him to his chest again. Castiel moved his hands up and wrapped his arms around Dean’s shoulders. He was practically limp in Dean’s arms. His eyelids grew heavy.
Dean bent down and opened up a cupboard under the sink. He brought out a towel and wetted it, then handed it to Castiel. “Here,” he said. “That might work better.”
A song was playing in his head, and he greeted it with open arms. It was a slow song, a song one would listen to while strolling through a library, looking for colorful titles, and ignoring the passing of time.
Dean pursed his lips and nodded to that, and Jo nudged him with his elbow. The rest of the group was circling back around to the kitchen after the greeting. Sam called out, “There’s pizza for everyone!”
One of his father’s favorite possessions was a dish his sister had given him when him and Naomi moved to their grand apartment in the upper east side after the great success of his first book. The dish now flew across the room as if it had wings and shattered on the wall. Porcelain scattered across the living room and Castiel’s first thought was how each shard bounced beautifully against the Persian rug, creating a small symphony. He focused on that, his brain shifting to the keys of a piano, his fingers stretching before him, the notes in his head falling in a decrescendo. All he knew was that his father’s face was red, his words were coming out with sprays of spit, and his fists were tight at his sides.
Castiel reached out and wrapped his arms around her torso. Claire put her arms around his shoulders. “People just go away. And there’s no reason for it. It just happens.”
“Can we sit?” Chuck said impatiently. He had been quietly watching as the room had greeted Castiel. Just a drop of red was left in his wine glass.
Castiel moved his hand up from Dean’s chest and held his chin between his finger and thumb. He kissed him, open mouthed, lazy. Dean was unraveling, and Castiel caught his eyes. They were blown out, still so green. He kissed him gently, the kisses fluttering, mindless. All intensity was elsewhere.
Dean kept shifting his eyes between him and Jo, and Castiel squinted at him. Dean shook his head, turned, and on his way to the kitchen said, “Why don’t you come get some food, Cas, the pizza is fucking great.”
“Sorry the lighting is a bit weird in this apartment,” Castiel said. “Honestly, I didn’t expect anyone would be living with me.” Wrong. Wrong. She didn’t choose this. This is not fun. She’s not your roommate. Her parents died. Castiel had no idea how to talk to an eight-year old. “Are you hungry?” Food was a start.
July came in hot and merciless. The streets steamed in the hot sun, and the familiar smell of melting rubber drifted through the city like it did every year.
Castiel stared at the song request again. He vaguely recognized the handwriting. Just from the restock lists he’d see behind the counter at Campbell’s, or the various letters and notes he saw lying around the Winchester’s apartment in Greenwich Village.
When he got there, it was already packed with people. Word had spread quickly that the famous Gabriel Novak was performing that night. A Chuck Berry song was blasting from Louden Swain, who were up before Gabriel’s timeslot, and people were cheering and dancing. Couple swung about, women’s long skirts were swaying and brushing against his knees as he walked up to the bar.
“It’s only nine, dad,” Castiel said. He slugged over to the coffee maker on the stove and poured himself a cup. He turned and leaned against the counter, watching his mother complete the daily crossword and fiddle with a grapefruit while his father chewed on bacon.
Castiel grimaced, thinking that this woman probably thought he was drunk during the daytime. “I’m okay. I apologize.” Castiel looked down at the boys who held her hands. They must have been only about six or seven, standing at about three feet tall. They were identical,
It is said that twins are so connected with one another that it is as if a string was always tied to their pinkies, keeping them together even if they’re apart.
Gabriel looked at him soberly for a long moment, then pursed his lips. “Okay,” he said. “I’m sorry.”
Castiel shook his head, feeling a small smile form on his face. “No, it’s um, German. Means “love dream” or “I dream of love.” Something like that.”
"''M sleepy." Dean sighs, eyes burning with tears as he interlocks hands with Castiel's own which is laid loosely at his hip.
Mates, huh? Dean can't even keep a stable relationship, how the fuck is he supposed to that shit with a
Castiel is down on his knees, mumbling short words of encouragement that Dean tries to digest, tries to listen but his boxers are sticky with pre and the place where John touched feels cold and hot at the same time. Maybe Dean's sick too.
The town is a few miles outside of Ottawa, tucked between tall, rocky mountains that remind him of Canadian Rockies, and towering green and yellow trees. Dean gets a whiff of fresh mountain air, he feels nauseous and relieved at the same time. It gets darker as he drives, stars are able to shine as he drives further away from air pollution. His lungs feel lighter.
naked aside from his bralette and panties and he should take those off, right? Because they're going to—
Something tugs at his belly-button; a longing sense of guilt, shame, and disgust. Pieces he can't really put together but compliment each other in a sadistic way that plays with his heart. He hooks a finger through a thick, black cord that hangs on his neck. The brass between his pecs is oddly cold yet comforting; it reminds him of Sam, w
"Excuse me, I would like to introduce Mr. Winchester." Charlie bows her head respectively and three pairs of eyes land on Dean.
When Angela walks into the apartment and sits down, as an apology, Michael pulls out a heafy bag and gives it to Angela. Angela's mood immediately shifts to one of happiness when she opens the bag and finds the bouquet with her family's colors on it then begins to cry.
Lucifer shoves his hands in his pockets. " I couldn't find him so I looked through his stuff. Apparently he was married to this woman, on the back of an old polaroid it said Andrea. I guess he outlived her and Naomi promised to bring her back."
Dean's shoulders lower and he feels a bit of tension lift off his chest as he describes the menu for tonight.
Dean stares blankly at the big letters on the hospital before he gets out the car, Lucifer following in suit.
"Would they really lie about this? If Castiel really is dying and we," Charlie looks down. "if we ignore this, wouldn’t we be the reason he dies as well?"
Deep down, Dean knows that if he eats it he'll feel nauseous the entire day so he opts to puts it in one of the doggy bags and tie it to his belt loop. If Castiel is bothered by it, he doesn't bother saying anything.
The drive to Missouri is short of thirteen hours. Between Charlie's snores and Lucifer flicking through the radio station like it's a magazine, Dean has little hopes of hanging into his sanity.
"If-if you could show yourself out? It was nice meeting you Dean." Castiel's voice wavers a little and Dean's dick pulses lazily.
Dean scrubs himself clean of sweat and urine, using the water pressure to align his mindset. This is Sam's wedding, he needs to keep his brother happy. He can do this. He
Dean's Omega howls at the thought of their Alpha dying but Dean swats it with a newspaper and focuses back to their conversation.
"Stop, stop, stop." Dean mummers into the toilet bowl, his knuckles are white from the grip he has on the rim. He can't think about it, fuck, he gets like this every damn time. Tear droplets fall into the liquid abyss below him and Dean forces himself to make a noise.
"No shit?" Dean laughs and Castiel joins with his own small chuckles. "At least you got out of that crappy situation."
Dean heart twinges at the sadness wrapped around Castiel's words and he looks up, eyes widening. "Holy shit, your nose is bleeding!" Dean quickly sets the glass down, jolting Miracle, who whines, and Castiel stumbles back and uses his sleeve to wipe at his nose.
It's a warm glow; it starts at Dean's toes and worms its way up to his thighs, his balls, his cock, the pit of his stomach, his solar plexus, his
She smells of fresh comic books and ink but her scent is light and doesn't irritate his nose. Beta then.
"Okay. I am going to hang up now." Castiel announces even though they both know Gabriel is the one who hangs up first.
Castiel lifts his head so they can kiss lazily, Dean's drool swapping between them. Castiel pulls back first, a fond look in his eyes as he stares at Dean.
Dean's cold. He's cold and he knows that's not what Castiel is asking but he needs, fuck, what does he need? He's so far gone he can't hear the music anymore.
He wonders if Dean can feel his heated gaze. If he can feel Castiel's eyes on him all day, every day, since the day he was born. Castiel knows everything about Dean. Even things the Omega might not even know himself.
"D-daddy!" Dean arches into Castiel's mouth, the sensitive nub enduring teasing from Castiel's teeth. Castiel groans, reaching down to first his cock while switching between the red nubs on Dean's chest. Castiel likes when Dean calls him that, it makes his balls draw up and cock dribble more pre-cum on his chest.
Dean exhales lowly and flexes his fingers against the pointy edge of the island. A sliver of red bleeds in the corners blurring together with blue and another growl resonates in the room making Dean's spine go rigid.
Dean unlocks the back door of the bakery, letting Miracle through the door first and stepping in after. He sets his duffle bag on the floor haphazardly, tugging out an extra food and water bowl to set against the open space next to the door. He doesn't have to fill them until later. Dean straightens his back and inhales deeply; their office still smells of pastries and printer paper.
Dean's cheeks heat and he rises to his feet then picks up his paper bag. "I should get home. Thank you for speaking with me and I'm sorry for taking your berries." he bows before beginning to walk off.
"No. We just, ya know." Dean blushes. His body is red and purple underneath his clothes and his ass is incredibly sore. "It was good, it felt like I was there but I wasn't, he took care of me."
"Alpha." he whispers obediently, baring his neck. Alpha makes a noise of sadness and backs away from the spread of Dean's legs.
And Dean can't say why he feels the need to wrap Castiel in his arms. He can't say why he almost steps forward to press a soft kiss to Castiel's cheeks.
Something twinges painfully inside of him when he shuffles out of Castiel's arms. He feels guilty for leaving Castiel alone but it's not like the Angel needs him around.
Would things be different? He wondered. Would his mate still want someone like him? Cursed? Marred with imperfections? Castiel would laugh if he had the energy.
They continue until Dean's stomach growls and his throat is too parched to say anymore words but it's fine because the top of Nordic's head is fluffy like a raven bed and Dean can feel the ghost of Nordic's lips against his knee.
"That's convenient," Dean chuckles awkwardly. "So, are you planning to come to become a leader of some sort?"
Not even a minute later, Dean's hunched over their small toilet, in their small washroom, dry heaving and cursing into the porcelain; cheeks the colour of new bruises and sweat dampening his temples. Castiel thinks he's breathtaking, tells him that when it catches Dean with his heated cheek against the seat.
I need to stop writing at 12am, somebody help. More sex in the next chapter because I got a great, terrible idea!
Five minutes later, Dean's elbow deep in the fridge, organizing the food by expiry out of habit. Even though everything should be cooked and eaten by tomorrow, Dean still finds it easier to know what to prioritize. And maybe Dean's distracted by thoughts of how soft Castiel's lips felt against the palm of his hands, how even though Castiel looked weak, the sun basking on his being made him look painfully beautiful, maybe that's why he doesn't hear John gruffly mention he's going to get another bear, why he doesn't hear the floorboards creek underneath the heavy footed man.
Charlie stands, eyes locked forward, next to where Naomi is sitting; her hands are clenched into fists and Dean can see her shaking just the tiniest bit.
Now that, this daddy situation wasn't spoken of. There were no rules about it and Dean mostly called him that in the bedroom, but maybe tonight, he could try to say it in public.
"I'm s-sorry for taking your berries! Please don't blind me!" Dean shouts, feet carrying him further and further away from the eyes and he slips and falls on his ass onto the damp grass.
"What I said, last night..." Castiel trails off with a shaky moan and Dean brings both hands to pull back Castiel's foreskin and run a finger over his slit.
"N-no, of course not! I just–you're different! A-and you don't mind that I am as well..." Dean bites his bottom lip. "I thought sex was something you would've wanted, I thought it would've made you like me."
"I. Don't. Work. For him. Anymore." Dean says slowly because he always knew Henricksen was a little dull in the head. He makes his way to get up from the cold bench.
Castiel widens his fingers obscenely, feeling the slick drip down his digits and hearing the vulgar sound of him pushing them in deeper. Dean curls his toes and tilts his head to the night sky as a shiver rakes over his body.
"I'm not going." Dean huffs as he watches garden keepers trim the hedges of bushes with such scrutiny that sweat beads at their temples despite it being only ten in the morning.
Crowley gave him a devious crooked smile, grabbed the set, then selected a key and opened up a door before him.
Like Dean had been waiting for his response, he sprang up and looked at him. He sat up in his chair beside Castiel’s hospital bed and rubbed his eyes with the backs of his hands. “Cas…damn it’s good to see those eyes of yours.”
A tense silence settled between them, but then Dean shifted closer and moved a hand to Castiel’s jaw. “Cas, you deserve to be alive,” he said.
“Oh,” Castiel said, he looked around. People were trying to focus, but he caught a few tense glares. “I apologize.”
His brother Gabriel was way out in California, working as a standup comic most definitely exploiting embarrassing stories about his kids. Michael was in Levittown, commuting into the city to work as a well-hated tax lawyer. And, of course, Jimmy had his wholesome family with his eight-year-old, Claire. Castiel ran a hand through his hair and lied back down slowly.
Castiel smiled and shook his head, feeling strangely confident about the circumstances of the apartment, despite Missouri’s ominous warning. “I’ll have to see how the next couple of weeks go, then.”
He sprung out of bed at his usual time of 5:30 am this morning but decided to stay up. He made himself toast really quick, got some coffee from a local place in the Upper East Side, betraying Ellen, who opens around 9, and then heading over to the Campbells as soon as he could. The place was open, but it was only him, a drunk in the corner and a man he didn’t recognize working the counter. He was slender, almost like a pencil, and he wore a baseball cap with red stripes down the side. He said his name was Garth. Castiel had to check twice, then another time, to make sure he was in the right place. Dean hadn’t opened that morning but Castiel was hoping that he would come by later. For now, he waited, staring at the squirrely man behind the counter and probably looking incredibly creepy.
They had just come from the doctor’s office in town, to get both him and Claire registered there, and have all of Claire’s medical records passed over. Claire insisted she still wanted to go to the same school in midtown. Not insisted, more like demanded without any negotiation, and Castiel obliged. She’s already gone through so much change; he couldn’t rip her from her school as well. He’d just have to take the train with her every morning.
Guilt and shame ripped through him. Jimmy wrenched himself away from Castiel long ago. He remembered, one night, when Jimmy came home from the movies, Castiel was sitting on the couch, reading. Jimmy came over to him and said, “Stop fucking following me.”
Charlie kissed Daphne’s hand, which she was rather confused by but otherwise flattered and flushed. They entered as a group, and Charlie said she was going to go find a table.
“This is mine,” Dean said. “The city. The bar. Out here. It’s all mine. My father can’t touch it. Back in Lawrence, that’s all my dad’s territory. If I go there, I’d be in his clutches again. I wouldn’t have anything that was authentically mine. Here, I’m me. I’m myself. I can do whatever I want.”
“I can assume that, yes,” Castiel said sadly. He felt it, a need to comfort Dean, a need to reach out to him and speak to him one on one and understand him. He knew so little but wanted to know everything, wanted to examine him, study him.
“But he’s just whining. He’s just making himself sad. He could just go and talk to that person. Then, boom! It’s fixed.”
As Dean finished pouring beer into a tall glass for a customer, Castiel swiped it from Dean’s hands and brought it to his lips. He could hear Dean click his tongue in annoyance but see a small smirk on Dean’s lips from his peripherals. He should expect this. Castiel chugged half the beer down until Dean skirted over and grabbed his wrist, making him lower the glass. “Woah there,” Dean muttered, his body close, his voice practically in Castiel’s ear.
“She called. Can you believe that? Why the fuck didn’t you tell me dad was gonna put her in a nut house?”
“There’s a place Dean used to pick up some work at. It’s called Turner’s Garage. It’s in the center of town. You can’t miss it. Dean will be there, trust me,” Bobby had said.
Castiel’s hands dropped to Dean’s shoulders and he pushed at them slightly, their lips not leaving each other’s, and now Dean was flipped onto his back in the grass, and Castiel dropped over him. For a second, Castiel pulled away and was met with Dean’s wanting expression, his eyes dark and his lips pink and wet. Castiel took both of Dean’s hands in his and gently pinned them beside his head. Dean’s breath caught in his chest as Castiel kissed him again, harder this time. He pushed his tongue against Dean’s, bit his lip ever so slightly. Dean’s hands glided up his thighs, on his hips, then swept under his t-shirt, where they lied firmly on his bare skin. He sucked at Castiel’s lower lip, pulling out a moan. Then, Dean’s lips traveled to his jaw, then his neck. Castiel practically melted down onto him, their chests aligned.
“Little bro,” he said. “I’m still in town. Little birdy told me you’ve been playing Piano at Campbell’s. I went over there today, asked the male-model looking guy if I could do a standup routine, and I got a timeslot tonight. You comin?”
“Look at him, Cas,” Charlie said after taking a sip then smacking her lips. She pointed an accusatory finger at Dean. Castiel caught Dean’s eyes and held his gaze. Dean looked flushed, perhaps from running around all night. “He’s all starry eyed.”
Instantly, Castiel’s vision went fuzzy. It wasn’t that deep, there wasn’t even that much blood, just enough to drip. But suddenly there was. And suddenly he was looking down at a floral dress covered in blood, his mother’s wrist split, a knife in her hand. There was so much blood, and her hands were stained rouge by it. His hands were stained too. Then he thought of his knuckles, bruised and scraped from when he beat the shit out of Alastair Bennett for picking on Jimmy in their freshman year. He had blood from Alastair’s nose on his hand, twirled into his palm. Why was blood so red? He didn’t remember it so red. Everything had been grey for so long.
Castiel nodded as an acceptance of the pleasantries. He looked up at Missouri, who, for a quick second, had a strange flare in her eye. Castiel barely saw it, but it sent a shiver down his back. Before he could say anything, Missouri whisked away the sour expression, pouted and said, “Good luck in that apartment. I swear, it’s haunted or something. I always get a weird feeling when I walk by it and every person who’s tried to move in leaves within a couple of weeks.”
When they reached the doorway of Dean’s room, Dean pushed Castiel into the room gently, then followed him in. He closed the door behind him.
“You’ll need to fill ‘er with gas a couple times on the way there. And make sure when you start the car you really give it a punch. The brakes are great, but make sure you step hard on ‘em. This car ain’t gonna be a smooth ride, but that’s just how she is.”
“I just thought you ought to know,” Daphne said, then she held up her hand. “But I mostly came by to check on you. Gabriel gave me your address. So, how are you?”
“No,” Naomi said. “It’s not just that. You have the same soul. And you’re both like me. We’re lonely people Castiel.”
“Let me,” Castiel said and took the lighter from Dean’s hand. He cupped his hand over the end of Dean’s cigarette, pressing the side of his hand to Dean’s cheek for support, and lit it up.
A strange, far off, orange light was shining from under the front door of his parent’s apartment. He opened the door with nerves curdling inside of him and was met with the sight of his father, sitting on the couch in the living room with a dull orange lamp on. He seemed to have been waiting for him to come home.
Dean rolled his shoulders and turned to face Castiel fully. “Look, I wish I could help you, I do,” Dean placed both hands on the bar again, bracketing Castiel’s elbows on the table. “But this club fills to the brim with people in the evenings. You’ve seen it. I’m looking for performers to keep the energy up. Jazz bands, Rock n’ Roll bands, singers, whatever. No offense, but classic piano stuff is boring. Do you think Bach is gonna make people dance?”
He recognized the boots, the jeans, the muffled voice, the grunting. He knew the crooked knees, and the freckled hands, the bulky knuckles. It hit him like a goddamn train.
Castiel looked away quickly, cleared his throat then, “Joking at the expense of others is never funny. I agree.”
They spent the afternoon on the roof of the apartment building, taking in the sun. Claire was lying on her stomach, basking in the light like a seal, and doing math problems. Castiel helped her occasionally. She’d call out problems that confused her, and he’d gently nudge her in the right direction. They slept early that night, after Castiel played lullabies on the piano and after him and Claire sat on the couch and had a session of comfortable silence, when Claire was no doubt thinking about her parents. He didn’t know what to do. He thought about his brother.
Jimmy came in and swung a drunken arm around Castiel. Infrequent drinking made him a lightweight. “We’re going home, Clarence.”
“Yup,” Dean said. He wouldn’t give the cigarette back. Castiel watched his jaw and the hollowing of his cheeks as he inhaled again, then again. “What about you? Did you grow up in the city?”
Dean turned up the music. It cascaded through the windows and leapt off the buildings and the people walking in the village. They went downtown toward the Holland Tunnel. The ride was mostly quiet. Sam read. Dean drove and the lights from the tunnel dragged over his face beautifully, like he was a Hollywood star. Castiel just sat and watched. He felt honored to be introduced into the Winchester’s little world.
"Yeah, sorry." Dean chuckles, leaning his head against Castiel's shoulder. "You want to get married?"
Castiel's hand slides up the curve of side before he slides his hand down and brushes his thumb over Dean's nipple. Dean shudders and looks up.
Dean stumbles in his steps as he follows. His Omega is purring and presenting its belly at their Alpha's kindness. This time, Dean allows a low purr to vibrate his throat.
"Tilt your head a little." Dean whispers, pulling back for only a minute then kissing Castiel with more force, sucking gently on his bottom lip. He takes his time allowing Castiel to get used to the feel of their teeth knocking together clumsily and the saliva coating their lips.
Gabriel's voice repeats in his head, like their twelve again and hiding underneath the church's stairs,
Sam angles his head towards the front door. "I think Castiel has more bags." he says before scampering off with Eileen on his tail.
Dean looks beautiful like this; all crinkly eyes that comes with his wide smile with a golden hue decorating his face perfectly while they dance on the beach, under the cliff where they first kissed. Castiel's throat and pants tighten.
Dean can only hold the gaze for a few seconds before he looks away. "You're not my therapist right now. It's cold, let's head back." Dean tugs gently on Miracle's leash to get her to stop barking aggressively at a squirrel.
"I-I want to fu-fuck your p-pussy thinking of Dean." Castiel croaks. Dean reaches and pats his head.
Dean stops behind him, eyebrows frowned. Lucifer takes a deep breath then turns around to look Dean in the eyes.
Castiel stares down at him, eyes hodded and a little red around the edges. Dean presses his legs together.
"Oh, I am studying to become an Architectural Technion. I hope go get into Garden Designs and I even have a few online classes that I am taking for it! I hope to make beautiful gardens accessible to the homeless and reduce the amount of food waste by composting into the gardens directly! It's actually very, um, simpler." Castiel's cheeks heat at the amusement sparkling in Dean's eyes. "What about you?"
"She's fine? Queen of Hell and whatnot, y'all are buddy buddy or something?" Dean bites skeptically.
Dean grits his teeth and snatches the paper, crumbling it a bit in his grip. Those dicks with wings. "Can't I just-"
"Salmacis was the only nymph rapist to date. I would never harm a human as she did. I was only going to blind you." the water ripples as a deep voice echoes around Dean. The voice ruffles free leaves and startles a few squirrels. Nordic hasn't risen the rest of his head above water, his eyes are piercing, calculating.
Naomi must notice it because she waves him off with a huff of laughter. "My apologies. I treat these kids as if they were my own. Castiel is a nephilim, you see and–" she stops herself with her hand on her chest. "Look at me, I'm rambling! How is Castiel doing? Have you two mated yet?"
Eve has control over the Leviathans which mean she would have sent them here, why? Dean isn't sure on that part but what he does know is that someone noticeable, like a CEO of a industry, would be spreading the drug. If Eve is still in Purgatory then the Levi she sent here would be the leader of making the drug, right?
Dean can see the stress and worry covering Castiel's features so he leans over, the water sloshes but doesn't go over the rim, and kisses Castiel firmly. His lips taste like honey and coffee and it's a weird combination but Dean is too in love to care about it.
"I do not want you to think less of me." Castiel strokes Dean's back; the freckled and soft skin is warm and palpable in its touch.
"Did that notebook do something towards you?" Castiel jerks his chin lightly and Dean casts a brief glance at it.
There's a hand on it's knee. Heavy and warm. Castiel tries to stop, tries to think, tries to breathe, but it's too much for him. Him? It.
better. He just misses Castiel and it's okay to miss someone who means so much to him, he can deal with it.
Droplets hit Castiel's wings, his nose, and his eyes and the cuffs as he twists and turns in the sky. He breathes in the rainfall air while thinking of Dean.
And it isn't until his tears are dry and his throat is caked with blood that he feels the mosquitos start to bite again.
"Dean," pink juts from Castiel's mouth to wet his lips and he looks down, blowing lightly at the dying joint. It burns bright in the dark, luminating Castiel's lips. "Why are you up so late?"
Charlie flips him off half-heartedly then continues to put daisies in the hair loop at the back of Sam's head. Dean reaches to squeeze Sam's hand reassuringly.
"It always smells like rain even when it hasn't rained. Your scent is the most unique among the Angels and when I met you to announce the mating, it clicked." Dean explains, wrapping his arms around his waist and shivering just the tiniest bit.
Dean sucks in his bottom lip as tears slide across his nose and his eyes flicker back and forth, clenching his legs together with a bated breath.
Dean rubs aggressively at his eyes as he walks over and falls face first onto his bed. Tomorrow he should ask his parents if he can rule until Sammy's of age then Sammy can take over. It'll be better that way; nobody will ever want to love him let alone want to mate and have a heir.
"I don't want to hear the words gross or disgusting come out of your dumb mouth." Dean bites, slamming his hips forward. Castiel thighs tighten and pushes his cock harder against the nail. A soft cry escapes from his lips and Dean quivers.
Dean pushes the door open just enough so that he can enter before closing it softly. A loud, familiar meow can be heard from a closed room door. Dean takes a look around.
daddy!" Dean grabs Castiel's hips to slam him down on his cock as he tries to fuck into the deepest part of Castiel. The feeling of being filled sends Castiel over the edge and he shoots his load between there chests in a silent scream.
"Nothing! She just described you and Castiel's relationship differently, that's all." Sam raises his hands defensively.
Dean puts his leather jacket over his two thin flannels with a grimace, sweat prickles the backs of his thighs and under his armpits and the burn on his neck throbs.
Dean rolls onto his side trying to loosen the feel of how heavy his sternum feels on his heart. There's something about not having Castiel near him that feels as if Castiel stripped his soul bare and let it hang out in the open for all the other Angels to enjoy.
Dean's ears tense and pull back at the sudden noise and his heart jerks in his chest. He takes a deep breath before pressing the palms of his hands down on his knees and pushing himself up before turning around.
"I w-wanted to, maybe, have intercourse today." Castiel admits, rocking its erection on Dean's knee.
Dean blinks and drops his hand to his side. Castiel is standing in front of Dean, a deep frown formed on his lips. Dean huffs out a nervous laugh, clenching his hands into fists to stop them from shaking.
It rattles the walls and makes Castiel's ears pull back at the loud noise. Castiel slouches in on himself miserably and closes his own door with a soft click. He slinks over to his bed and sits down on it heavily as he grabs his phone from the nightstand. He thumbs at it, going to call the only contact in his phone.
"It felt like I was dying. Like, it wasn't–my heart clenched and he looked so scared to tell me but, I said it back and the relief on his face–the happiness." Dean sighs, "It's like, shit, I can't even explain it. It hurt. It hurt but not in the way that the others hurt, no. This was–it was like my soul shifted. Like I was finally, loved, accepted."
"I can't," Dean clears his throat. "I can't do it just once. I have to do it six times within fifteen minutes of each other."
Dean stands up, something mischievous in his eyes, then steps out of his shoes and starts backing away slowly.
"We don't have to have sex, we can do it like this." Dean mumbles into Daddy's shoulder, his mind going dizzy with lust. Daddy pinches Dean roughly, eliciting a soft whimper from him.
"Party people!" Gabriel shouts, Sam and Cassie flowing behind, slamming the doors open with a practiced fashion.
"Smokings not allowed." Dean rasps, setting his basket a few washers away and the person startles, almost dropping their joint and coughs, puffs of smoke coming from their mouths.
He taps the excess off his cigarette and analyzes Benny. There's something off about him; his scent spiked in bitterness when he talked about Purgatory and twisted in fear when he mentioned Naomi.
How would Castiel touch him? Would he be rough? Gentle? Would he enjoy it? Touching Dean there? If it hurt would Castiel keep going?
"Gonna have to pee soon," Dean states, eyes already closing and breath evening out. Castiel hums and pushes his hips higher, the squelch of cum sounds the room making Dean's nose scrunch.
"Castiel, that you?" Charlie claps her hands, this time lights above them turn on and Dean can see the figure. Well, sort've. Only the persons eyes and damp hair is visible, the rest submerged into water. Dean sees something shine from behind the stranger's back.
"Fuckin' shut up." Dean mutters, a deep tug at the bottom of his gut making him nauseous. His cock is half hard in his jeans but there's tears dampening his pillow and his heart is trying to jump out of his chest.
Hmmmm, I hope you guys like this first chapter. Next chapter will hopefully be up later today or Friday.
"I'm in love with Castiel. I can't create worlds for him, I can't give him a family but I can love him and make him feel like how he makes me feel. My mom always said there were Angels watching over me and now I finally believe her. Castiel is–he's–" Dean clenches his fists.
Castiel's looks up quickly. "Of course! Any anxiety you might have I want you to tell me so you don't face any surpise attacks or shut downs."
Gabriel turns Castiel's head and stares at him, his eyes shining gold to sync with Castiel's blue. "Do you want Dean? Do you want to protect him? What–
Dean's close to hyperventilating, close to passing out because he can't get any oxygen in his body until John pulls away, steps away until a distance is between them and Castiel's head is poking through the arch.
"Naomi suggests eating human food might help with my energy." Castiel explains, a dismissive tone to his voice. Dean's eyebrows twitches downward and he leans forward to scent Castiel's shoulder.
Castiel is escorted to a curtained entranceway. He bids the woman a gentle thank you and pushes past the curtains to be greeted by his family.
also, if anyone wants to become mutuals and teach me to rollerskate or skateboard, im down. (also wanting a plug)
"That you two seemed...marked by each other. I get what she means now. It's nice to see you happy." Sam smiles. Dean shakes his head, taken back.
"I ain't here to snitch on you, brotha. I come here to smoke all the time." he says, waving the box in Dean's direction.
"Dean really is missing out, huh?" Dean licks his lips as he uses his knuckles to plug Castiel's nose before holding Castiel's head still and shallowly thrusting his hips. Castiel quickly unbuckles his pants and pulls out his erection, which twitches and bounces in the hot air.
"Nothin', Ellen. I walked across the lake to get the berries is all." he lies with a small smile and Ellen shakes her head.
Dean turns over onto his back, the cool air has his nipples hardening and sweat turning sticky from where it tingles between his thighs and underneath the curve of his back. Dean brings his hand to scratch at marred skin, its presence an annoyance like a swollen mosquito bite that won't ever go away, and tears gather in his eyes as he sinks his nails into it.
"Castiel can stay in the guest room, it's no problem." Mary looks between the two of them and Dean grinds his teeth together.
They wait until Castiel has softened and Dean is twitching with oversensativity to separate. Castiel flops next to Dean, wiggles a hand between them so it can intertwine their fingers.
"Love yourself. Love your worth and then it'll get better." she had said while snapping her gloves off and handing him an ugly blue uniform that reminded him of diapers.
Dean doesn't have time to take back his suggestion because immediately after he feels his hole loosen with something cold and drippy. Castiel rubs the pad of his middle finger along Dean's wet hole before pushing past the muscle until he's knuckle deep.
"Hurry up." Dean bites turning his face to the side and fisting the pillows underneath is head. Castiel whines, instinct making him push his hips forward but his cock slips between Dean's cheeks and Castiel shivers, thrusting jerkily. He lets out a few fevered gasps as he balls draw up and his wings flap.
Dean clenches his jaw but doesn't speak up. It's true what Lucifer says. Dean would do anything for his little brother, and if people died in the process, so be it.
It was a pathetic excuse to leave; the punches and cigarette burns didn't give Dean some pass to abandon his brother. He has the mark, the burned skin as a reminder for when he tried to leave the first time. Dean should've known leaving a second time would've been worse.
"Hey!" Dean snaps, tugging carefully at her leash and Castiel's grin widens. Dean shifts to his side, a warmth blooming in his gut and his cock fattening in his pants.
Castiel leans down, tightening his grip on Dean's thigh and lays his forehead on Dean's own. "You're going to cum, Omega?"
Castiel thinks that maybe, now that he has Dean, he can potentially talk to her about it. If he can never show her, how is he supposed to show his mate?
"Hello fellas, care to let me in to see the queen bee?" Dean raises his eyebrow with a grin that spreads easily on his face.
I thought, well, even though people probably come to you about love and stuff, that you would like it." Dean runs his thumb along the spine.
Signing, Dean walks to his room and kicks the door shut before falling face first into bed. He dreads looking up and to the side and seeing the neat, bolded lettering on the chalkboard painted wall.
Castiel nods against Dean's chest before he stops and presses his ear harder to listen to his heartbeat.
"I used to ah, drink?" Dean's cheeks heat with embarrassment. "But now I sleep or bake or whatever."
Dean brushes his lips against Castiel's, gentle, teasing and Castiel is finding it a little hard to breathe. Dean scoots closer and presses his lips gently against Castiel's
"Deal With The Devil. It's lame, I know." Dean chuckles self-deprecatingly. Castiel hums low in his throat and the erection that Dean forgot about pulses lazily in his pants.
Six times. Dean can only do it six times, that's the rule. If Dean doesn't follow it then something bad will happen, that's how it
"You are in control of everything that happens here. If you're uncomfortable with anything we can stop, we can try something different, bud."
"Hello, beloved." Cas mummers, pressing a sweet kiss to Dean's lips. Dean's insides squirm and he feels a little nauseous but he smiles and leans against Castiel.
Castiel's stream tapers off just as Dean stops fucking Castiel's thighs. Dean turns Castiel's head toward them and presses their lips together in a slow, open mouthed kiss.
Castiel bites the inside of his cheek nervously but comes up behind Dean and carefully nudges his tip against Dean's hole, eyes going wide when Dean pushes back against it.
"You caught me." Dean pants. Castiel, equally out of breath, leans down and kisses Dean with everything he has. Their lips are slippery with sweat and saliva but Dean's mouth tastes like another Heaven and Castiel will die before he loses it again.
"Dismissed." she waves the Beta away, watching as she scampers with shaky legs before she leans into Dean's space with a soft, demeaning whisper.
"'S fine, my love. I know how you get around blood, plus I could use a shower." Dean excuses. "Was it good?"
He shimmies on his boxers and pats the floor to find a shirt, most likely Castiel's, thrown on the floor and he pulls it on. Dean looks back on Castiel's sleeping silhouette before opening the door quietly and sneaking out.
Castiel feels it deep in his gut, a rolling heat that makes tears spill over his cheeks and Dean coo and tighten his thighs.
It's a silly concept that Sam and him like to call Speed Dancing. It's like speed dating but with dancing. Dean has to twirl and spin with other Alphas until he finds The One.
Reaching for a lighter that resides on the floor, Dean lights his cigarette and sags against the couch while he enjoys the temporary high that nicotine gives him.
"I appreciate it, Dean." and it may still be a tad cold, but Castiel's voice is filled with sincerity.
"And then when I woke up, Gabriel was there. He told me Michael's was going to promise not to hurt me if I left silently and he did so I left but I knew Castiel was going to take care of you. Gabriel took me to this town, he took care of me and one thing led to another. I didn't see Castiel often after that but when I did," Sam shakes his head. "I never got the chance to talk to him properly. Dean you have to believe me that I would never leave you. I wanted to contact you so bad but Castiel always told me he would check on you, he would know when I could talk to you but he said you were always in pain or that you weren't physically or mental prepared. I called you without him knowing and now, here we are."
Dean runs his hand through his hair then sways on his feet as he rises to get his suit from the closet–Castiel's own no longer there–along with a fresh pair of underwear and his toothbrush. He can shower at Sam's before they have to leave for photos. Dean shoves his feet in a pair of slippers then glances at the bed once before shaking his head and leaving.
Dean lets out a shaky sigh as she curls his fingers in Castiel's hair and roughly tugs Castiel closer. "Starvin' aren't you?"
"I'm sorry." Castiel's voice cracks and shakes around the edges. God, he feels like throwing up. It hurts. It pains him knowing Dean won't consider him as his soulmate. He quietly leaves and closes the door behind him.
"Yelling at you doesn't solve anything so I'm going to ask you calmly. Were you ever going to tell me about Mary?"
He walls back to the vanity and pulls the collected items out before flipping open the manilla folder. His fingers skim over the bolded red letters with a thoughtful frown.
Sex wasn't uncommon in Angels but Castiel wanted to wait for Dean. But Lucifer came around with comforting words and built a trust that he never thought would he broken.
How could he do that? How could he hold Dean down and shove his cock inside of him? He's protected Dean from everything he could; from Mary, from Michael so how could he be a potential threat to Dean's happiness?
Maybe there's something wrong with Castiel. He likes it; making Dean's skin red and causing the tears in his eyes. Castiel knows just as easily as he can make them shed, he can wipe them away.
"I'm not a Hunter anymore." Dean puts out his cigarette on the folder then tosses it back on Henricksen's lap.
"Do you always mix business with pleasure?" Dean asks casually. Charlie's cheeks tint pink and they come to a stop in front of two large graywood doors.
"This fuckin' shit makes me wanna commit." Dean grumbles into Castiel's pillow, wiggling underneath the blankets.
Castiel smiles softly, nods, and feels its heart speed up. "Yes, I would be honored to be your partner."
Dean stares into the vanity's mirror, his face out of frame but his naked body bared to the other dimension who can see his scars.
Dean closes his eyes tightly and sighs. "That night," he stops himself, chewing the inside of his cheek. "I wish you never saw it."
What if he really is doing it for attention? What if he feels better an hour or two from now? What if he is faking? What if, what if, what if, an endless loop of anxious belittlement.
"Lucifer asked if I could help, he didn't say why you need the information but I guess it has somethin' to do with that Alpha a'yours." Benny speculates then brings the bud to his lips and inhales.
Dean nods in Castiel's hands and exhales with a wet sniffle. "I was hard. I wanted to cum so bad, Cas, I–"
"Yeah we know your buddy. The freak that lives in the open fields down south. Keep goin' till you hit gravel and a bee keeper sign." the man gestures down the road, waving his cigarette as he talks.
"S'good, daddy." Dean sighs, eyes fluttering closed. The digits spread inside him, caressing his walls and prodding, searching for–
"You let him suck more than me." Castiel gestures with a pout and Dean's cheeks heat before giving Cas a hushed "
Dean shivers as Castiel licks up his body while leisurely pumping his cock into Dean's guts. The Omega curls his toes, the water that previously marked his body has now turned cold, but his lower half feels hot and sore and Castiel is so
Castiel grips Dean's wrists, whimpering and pushing down against the tongue. His cock bobs and the tip leaks pre-cum into Dean's hair. Castiel clenches  thighs around Dean's head and whines loudly into the room.
"Crying isn't something to apologize for. When you're around me please don't ever apologize for expressing emotion."
Dean's group of friends are loud; there's Charlie who's studying STEM, Jo who's studying mixology, Ash who thinks studying is a waste of time and goes with the motions, and then Benny who's studying business ownership.
"I really have a thing for," Dean sucks in an exaggerated gasp and pushes back against Dum's hand as he filters the feel of his pheromones, watching as their eyes get a little droopy. "Doing it unconscious."
"Don't go soft on me now. It was only two years." Dean ruffles her head and Jo tightens her thin arms around his waist. Her weight, her warmth, it's different from Castiel's.
"Anonymous tip. If we are able to get Angel of Thursday down to court or the station on something as small as a parking ticket, we would have the opportunity to question him further."
They continue until Nordic's head rests against his thigh and Dean's voice goes a little hoarse and the sun beats against his spine and the oddly colored water.
Castiel nods. He's going to start molting soon, his wings will need to be groomed and he can't, no, he won't show Dean something so pathetic.
Dean winces at the mild discomfort and his thighs tighten around Castiel's waist. Castiel kisses the outside of his ear as moves the digit in and out of Dean smoothly.
Dean dips one of the dumplings into Cas' homemade dill sauce and shrugs "I just know it's gonna be gooooodd." he answers with his hand covering his mouth.
'Oooo's echo along the table along with loud, drunken laughter. Gabriel sends an air kiss to Ellen then takes a seat on Sam's lap after the younger had found an available seat.
"Fuckfuckfuck!" Dean's back arches off the bed when Castiel rolls its hips, angles its cock just right and fucks into his g-spot. "Fuckin' natural, hun." Dean clenches around the largeness inside of him.
Fortunately, Lucifer cuts in. "It's proper and respectful to your Omega. Gabriel meant no harm, Mr. Winchester." Dean levels Lucifer with a look before putting on a kind smile.
The Deadly Sins are out to get him; Envy, lust, and greed in particular. Castiel doesn't know what he did to stir the nerves of his fellow cosmic entities but right now he wants to get on his knees and beg for forgiveness.
Lightning sparks with no sound, brightening the house's dark interior. The flash almost makes Dean flinch and his eyes close but the blue, purplish hue has too much of his attention.
Castiel covers his eyes with the inside of his elbow and presses his lips in a thin line to stop the sobs attempting to leave his mouth.
Dean rises from his crouched position, his knees creaking in the process, and gazes down at Miracle. "Walk?" Miracle barks twice, jumping up and down, her nails clacking nosily against his polished floor and small, almost miniscule, bits of hair drift to the ground and Dean huffs a laugh.
"Daddy?" he mumbles, more like slurs but who cares. Castiel hums quietly before sliding into bed with him, the pressed slacks making his leg hairs twist uncomfortably.
The snow that falls is thick, heavy and layers the city under a plush, white blanket; it makes his nose and ears go pink with the cold and strengthens the ice that his heart is encapsulated in; kids go out and build small, shitty snowmen while their parents drink spiked eggnog and lie about Santa Claus; he can watch ice skaters glide along an open pond in the park and he smoke his fifth cigarette of the day while sitting on a bench that might freeze off his testicles.
"Shouldn't you be asking your mate that?" Castiel snarks with jealousy. Dean smooths out the bottom of his dress to sit down on the bench and turns his head to look into Castiel's eyes.
"Are you feeling alright?" Castiel steps to the side as he opens the door wider. Behind him moonlight has spilled into accessible parts of the living room through open curtains, highlighting dust particles and making the area look surreal enough that Dean has a hard time wondering if it's reality or not.
Castiel has been tiptoeing around him for a couple months now, he was still showering Dean in courting gifts like panties that Dean has always been too shy to buy for himself or driving out of the province for the hell of it. Their courting had been cheesy and embarrassing and Dean fell in love with Castiel a little more each time the Angel had planned something special for them.
"Get on your back, Dean." Castiel wags Dean's head. "This will be the last time I repeat myself." Castiel lets go of the blonde locks and Dean carefully gets into position, wiggling as the pressure becomes too much.
"Are you sure?" Dean hasn't even helped Castiel with grooming let alone taking the cuffs off permanently. That topic has been glided over anytime one of them tested the waters and brought it up.
"Welcome to Deal With The Devil, what are ya havin' today?" Dean looks up with his signature grin before his brain catches up to the person in front of him.
Dean walks to over to the light switch while Castiel sets the bottle on the dresser then removes his shirt. Dean's hands shake by his sides, is it nerves? He's slept with people before. Multiple at the same time but he guesses he's never really
"Our aunt, technically. She was father's second in command aside from me but I stepped down when I met Sam. She protects all of us, especially Cassie since he will be getting father's power soon." Lucifer explains.
"Honestly, that Omega. We has to send the hounds out looking for 'em. Going to that pond–" John sighs, voice gruff and disapproving.
He takes a hesitant step towards the pond, stomach churning with uncertainty as wind brushes by him, shaking the leaves and making a shiver run down his back. Dean swallows down the nervous bout of bile rising in his throat as he stares at the slow moving waters and steps out of his shoes.
"I was scared you would think my hesitation towards myself would cause you to think of me differently."
Dean blinks his eyes open, grateful for the never ending darkness in Castiel's room. "Water?" he clears his throat and coughs for emphasis.
Dean tips his nose up and scents openly, it smells like rain. Maybe they should wrap it up soon so nobody is caught in the heavy waters.
His wings are heavier due to the metal and almost bring him down once they become fully unsheathed from his body.
The coldness of the tiled floors ground him so he can focus; there's this scent, it's heavy and gets stuck in the back of his throat like he's about to sick on the ground. It creates a pit in his stomach and reminds him of the days he spent in the hospital after the burn was placed.
"He looks so peaceful though." another snapshot is heard but this time with flash and Dean's eyes tighten as he groans.
"The Queen would like you to come down to the living area." a voice explains through the thick wooden door and Dean tosses the pillow that's on his face onto the floor with a groan.
"This is Castiel, owner of the hotel. Castiel, this is a new guest." Castiel looks up and down Dean's body before his gaze goes back to Charlie, who looks upset. Dean's cheeks get hot, maybe it's the steam.
Dean taps the mulch covered key on the door knob, biting at his lip anxiously. He can go in, he got permission, it's okay. Dean grinds his teeth together and pushes the key into the lock; his heart jumps in his chest when the door makes a unlocking click.
Honestly, he had hoped today would be stress-free. He had hoped that he could tend to his bees, he had
"Who was with him in New Zealand?" Dean puts the car in park and looks up at the hospital through his window.
"Caaasss! Right there, pleaseee!" Dean squeals, thrusting his hips up jerkily against the quivering energy stimulating his prostate from both ends. Castiel coos deep and menacingly as he presses harder against the sensitive nerves as he gets another coil to flick against Dean's nipple. Dean's legs clamp shut and he clenches down and rocks his hips down aggressively on Castiel's grace.
He walked slowly into the building and greeted the doorman with a nod. His glare seemed deeper this time around. He must have heard the news. Naomi, his mother, tells everyone updates on the lives of her children no matter if they like it or not. Castiel felt eyes on him as he walked across the lobby and into the elevator. His elevator operator, Donatello, was always nice to him. When Castiel stepped into the elevator, Donatello’s face lit up.
He was sure that he got some notes wrong. He was sure that he was skipping notes. And maybe he wasn’t even that great at playing this song in the first place. But he didn’t care. He played and he sank into his own world, and he fell in love with the song all over again. He fell in love with the person who he believed this song represented. The complicated, frustrating, lonely, achingly beautiful, and lovely person who he had fallen in love with.
Castiel tilted back to brace his good hand on Dean’s knee then he thrusted up into his hand. He tried to control himself, tried to go slow. Dean’s grip on him was fucking incredible, and he had to stifle a moan. Dean was just watching him, his eyes flitting down to his hand on his cock, then back up to his face.
Ellen put her hands up in surrender, then regarded Castiel closely. A smile slowly bloomed on her face. “You’re good. I remember seeing you play. You go to another universe. Didn’t know you’d actually wanna do that professionally, though. Good for you.”
Castiel looked up then, finally realizing what kind of conversation this was. His eyes flitted between Missouri and Crowley.
He realized that people come into his life for a reason. Perhaps it’s to teach a lesson. A small lesson tailored to what they believe, tailored to the little corner of the universe they took up.
The lunch he had with the Winchester’s and their surrogate father was one of the liveliest meals Castiel has ever had. They all laughed about movies and television shows. Sam described with passion all about the little pranks him and his brother pulled on each other sometimes. Castiel explained to Bobby all about piano and, inevitably, he had to speak about West Point.
They headed up towards Dean’s house. Dean unlocked the front door frantically, and pushed Castiel in. Castiel stumbled into what looked like a makeshift foyer. Dean grabbed his shoulder and guided him down a narrow hall and into a small room towards the back of the house. “Please stay in here. If my dad is as drunk as I think he is, he’d be fucking pissed if he knew there was a stranger in his house. You’ll be fine, okay? I’ll deal with my dad, then I’ll be back.”
His mother used to tell him that April showers brought May flowers. This was when her “hobby” of the month consisted of knowing weather patterns and relentlessly questioning the validity of the weatherman on the television. She’d bundle up a young Castiel and his twin brother Jimmy in the middle of spring when she had a strange feeling in her knees that it would snow. Of course, it didn’t. The city always got hot around April, leaving Castiel and Jimmy to have to strip off theirs coats in the cab and then carry it around school all day.
“’Round the hall to the right,” Dean said. Wine was dripping down Castiel’s shirt, making a huge stain of red. He excused himself and the party seemed to resume behind him.
Claire didn’t wake up until grilled cheese was sizzling loudly on the stove. She shuffled into the kitchen rubbing her eyes and plopped down onto one of the wooden chairs still left by the table.
For some reason, it did make him think of Dean. The way Dean schools himself and keeps him on his toes. The way Dean loved, so fiercely, everyone in his life. The way Dean, at first, seems hardened and crass, but eventually softens under your fingers and gasps when you kiss him slow. The song had a clash of notes in the middle, but by the end you could swear it all made sense.
Charlie allowed him to call up Daphne while at work. It was short, very awkward conversation, but he managed to get her to agree to come to the club with her tonight. She seemed thrilled. Castiel had a strange thought back in his head that he was proud of himself for acting like a normal guy his age. Asking girls out, being social, going out at night. But the thought more at the forefront of his mind was that he was hoping Daphne caught the eye of some single guy in the club and they’d fall madly in love.
“How’s my favorite employee,” Charlie said, coming up next to Castiel and swinging an arm around his shoulders.
Dean rested a hand on his shoulder, close to his neck and Castiel looked up at him. Dean’s eyes were soft under the yellow lights, and his skin glowed. “Hey,” Dean said reassuringly. “You’re gonna do great.”
They got on a train headed to Queens where Amelia’s parents lived. There they were, sixteen people in total- 8 adults, 8 kids - and Castiel hated the small cloud of dark they made. They were like a storm cloud, sitting in a group on the train, and people stared at them the whole time. Claire held Castiel’s hand, and it was the only thing that tied him to reality.
Castiel felt whiplash, and the loss of Dean was like a horribly cold rip through his chest. But he knew it was a good call. If Dean didn’t put a stop to it, Castiel wouldn’t have been able to control himself. They’re still in public, they could hear the raging crowd inside, and the open city street wasn’t far. Castiel sighed, ran a hand through his hair and went back inside the bar.
Especially you…I, Cas truth is, I tried. I fucking tried to think that meeting you changed things. That maybe I shouldn’t come back here simply because I didn’t want to fucking leave you. But I had to. It was too selfish. Too fucking selfish if I stayed.”
Castiel lost himself in playing, and he hadn’t noticed they were gone until a few songs went flying by. He was practicing a composition by Liszt that he’d always found challenging, when he heard someone breathing beside him between slow notes. He was instantly startled, then looked up to see Dean was leaning against the piano. He thought the room was getting darker, and the shadow that loomed over the keys was simply the day reaching the afternoon. But Dean was there, his arms crossed, his eyebrows raised.
"So good, sweetheart." Castiel praises, sliding his fingers out and gathering Dean in his arms. Dean clenches around nothing and pants against Castiel's chest.
Castiel sobs into Dean's shoulder, weeps like a child and repeats Dean's title like a prayer. Dean speaks sweet nothings into Castiel's ear, cradles it until it stops crying and there's only small sniffles and hiccuping coughs.
there we go, baby. Look'atchu gettin' stupid, ruttin' between my thighs like a dog, gonna make me fuckin' cum. Gonna make Mommy cum." Dean babbles meanly, digs his nails into Castiel's ass and growls.
"Meg doesn't work here. She's friends with–um. Anyway, when you go inside you may be asked some questions. No, I can't specify what they are. Gabriel, Lucifer, and Anna will be asking the questions. Please have your cellphone turned off and given to me. Thank you. The interview will last fifteen minutes and if you are approved then the Angel of Thursday will test you. Do you understand, Mr. Winchester?"
Dean raises his eyebrows as he casts a fleeting glance around him. "I'm guessing she can't do that?"
Castiel makes a weird sound in the back of his throat, face redder than a Leviathan's Blossom. Dean grins, grips his ass cheeks then pulls him to his ass is directly over Dean's mouth.
It's desire, Castiel thinks. A gift given by Himeros that Castiel usually rejected until when he noticed that Dean wears panties underneath his rough jeans and matching bras underneath even rougher flannels.
Castiel stays quiet and Dean looks at him from the side of his eye, eyebrows frowning when Castiel's fingers tighten on the paper bag.
Castiel shakes his head, pushing Dean's shoulder so the man can lie on his back and Castiel can straddle his waist.
"It's a little quiet and there's no hair everywhere except for Miracle's now, so," Dean shrugs, glancing away for a second before looking at Castiel again.
His throat is dry, his eyes are crusted together, and his body and neck hurt something fierce. Oddly enough, his body feels clean. Castiel must've cleaned him off while he was asleep.
At first he thinks maybe he has to wait until his senses catch up but no; usually it's there when he's fucked up at some party beating hard and fast against his rib-cage because he's pumped on adrenaline or when he's smoking a bowl on top of his Impala. It becomes a soft, slowed rhythm that lulls him to sleep underneath the starts. He presses his ear harder into the plush cushion beneath his head, searching for that repetitive
Sam was clean, had been for six years with Lucifer and Dean by his side, then Dean left because he's weak and couldn't handle a couple of hits from his father and he
His toes are buried in heavy, warm sand and the blue tides wave to him lazily; the sun is blocked by thick, pink-hued clouds but its light shines through tiny holes that the cloud can't cover; he gets a little chill from the transitioning summer into autumn wind; his jeans are cuffed up to his calves and his shirt sleeves are rolled up to his elbows; his heart beats lazily inside his chest and his stomach is full from the pizza that he had ordered earlier. He isn't sure what this feeling is, he's never experienced such calmness before. Such quietness. His body is at ease and if he had to guess of a word in the English language then he assumes that's the one.
"Good morning." Castiel greets in a low, timid timber. Dean peers up from over the rising steam and grunts in greeting, still very much irritated from their conversation last night, Castiel assumes.
"But you don't get to choose." Gabriel's voice tightens. "Dean came to me and he begged me to find you, he fell at my feet and
"How gross." Dean sighs, leaning his head back until it taps against the tiled wall. Did Castiel stay with him the entire night? Dean sinks lower into the tub. He must've looked disgusting.
"I've read that book a million times to try and figure out how I could cure myself. I think that maybe it is my fate to die." Castiel picks up the book and rises, sliding it back in its place.
"I can't control myself around you. I had to leave." Castiel explains into Dean's neck where he sucks on the sensitive skin.
Dean regrets waking up; his cheek is pressed against the cold of the toilet seat and his eyes are crusted together, last night's puke is wafting up his nose causing another wave of sick to wash over him.
Dean presses his lips together tightly and inhales shakily through his nose. His hands are trembling and he feels sweet; sweet like he just got finished crying and his throat is sore.
It's eerily quiet walking down to the living room; there's no clanging of pots from the kitchen, Charlie isn't arguing with her girlfriend over the phone, and Gabriel isn't filming porn, sorry,
"Healthy." a roundabout way of answering but it's the truth. Cas has been taking care of him. He's been taking care of himself.
It's all too sappy and romantic for Dean's liking but Castiel is calling the shots on this one so Dean doesn't have the space to complain.
On the other line, Castiel inhales and exhales lowly. "I believe I may of caused tension between us after, um, the laundry room incident. It was shown to me that I made you uncomfortable so I would prefer to say Mr. Winchester to reestablish the therapist and client relationship."
When Castiel leaves the room, Dean reaches forward and pulls the stopper from the drain then leaves it on the corner of the tub. He rises slowly and reaches for the shower knob to turn it on and properly clean himself.
Dean shakes his head, body too tense and shaky to move from the compromising position. Castiel's hand ghost against thighs and he grips them before rising from the water to carry them to the edge of the pond. Castiel gently lays Dean down onto the damp grass and looms over him while pushing his hips forward.
"Your therapist! You want to fuck your therapist!" Jo exclaims loudly, slamming herself down in the booth across from him.
Getting to the washroom is more difficult then Dean would like to admit; he knocks his hip into the frame of the bed and each step agitates the blooming chafe between his thighs.
If there's a rut then they'll be a mating bite, despite the incomplete burn when Castiel goes to bond Dean might become fertile for twelve hours.
"There isn't much on you. You have a brother," Dean flinches and Lucifer looks down. Gabriel and Anna consider them both for a minute before Gabriel picks up on the reading.
A hand covers Dean's mouth and his back curves on the armchair of the loveseat with Castiel kneeled between his legs. Dean's eyes roll up to look at the flared wings crowding over him. He can almost see the strings of odor coming from them; black and thick. His nose flares. Sulpher.
Dean exhales shakily and raises his arms above his head with a nod. Castiel bundles the fabric into his fists and lifts it over Dean's head before throwing it away off to the side and onto a pile of leaves. Castiel leans back to admire the gift bestowed upon him; Fortuna was always too good to him.
"It was always Castiel's fate to be alone, Father told us himself before he put himself to bed. He doesn't need you, he doesn't need us. Can you promise me that?"
The final stages of Angel courting are difficult. It involves baring the soul of an Angel which, essentially, would be their wings. It's why Castiel proposed first instead of finishing the courting. His wings are still a sensitive topic, Dean has only seen them twice even though they've been together for so long. Not that Dean would ever push Castiel into showing him, it's just–
"Yeah, yeah I am. Eileen's busy tomorrow and the key hasn't been duplicated, we figured it was just better for me to hall my stuff in there tonight."
"I agree. She gets mad if he even breathes around a girl, if he was doing that to her, everybody would've been on his ass." Dean agrees, licking his fingers clean of sauce before setting the tray on the coffee table and holding his wine to his chest.
"I-I liked when you p-pretended to be someone else and to-told me to think about fucking you." Castiel grabs the sleeve of Dean's shirt and fucks into his hand.
Dean looks at the glass vase next to him and shrugs. "Can we talk about something else?" Dean clenches his thighs and presses his legs together again. He's harder than normal.
"You mean getting drunk enough to the point where we spill secrets and see who remembers it in the morning?"
It's been a year and two months since he came to Poughkeepsie; almost a year since he started dating Castiel and he feels–shit, he doesn't even know.
It's a little over eleven pm, the house is eerily quiet and Lucifer is biting his thumb nail while looking down at the floor, deep in thought.
Castiel stares down at the carpeted floor, a sick sense of dread building up in his gut at the fresh blood droplet that stains it. A wave of lightheadedness takes over him and he loses his balance, stumbling awkwardly until he smacks his hand against the wall to steady himself.
Castiel smiles sadly and wipes away a stray tear from Dean's face. "I would do it a thousand times over."
Castiel raises his hand from the water, droplets sliding down his wrists to his elbow as he reaches for Dean. Dean gently wraps his smaller hand around the outstretched one in front of him and walks into the beckoning waters.
Dean jerks his thumb up the stairs. "I'm gonna use your shower and then I'll go check on Cassie and see how she's gonna set up outside."
It's rare for someone to be down here so late, the possibility of it close to nothing as the lights automatically turn off after 10PM so Dean's a little shocked to see someone sitting atop one of the dryers and blowing smoke outside the screened window.
"C'mon, Dean, wassit that you used to call me?" John moves closer, forcing Dean to back up against the counters. John leans in, his breath stinks of cheap Coors and Dean's hands are trembling and his cock is, it's
Dean opens his mouth then closes it with a tight frown. Lucifer clenches his fists and turns around again, walking in the same unwavering path without looking back. Dean follows.
"Yeah." Sam has the audacity to sound sheepish. Dean agrees to meet at The Roadhouse a little after eight, seeing as it's only six maybe he can get some sleep.
Dean rubs his hands together awkwardly. "You need any help with the last bunch?" he must have started out too loud because Castiel flinches back, eyes widening.
"What else did Jo tell you?" Dean's throat is dry, his palms are sweaty, and he feels sick to his stomach. "
Dean quickly shuts out his Omega's thoughts and reaches over to turn off the faucet. He reaches over to pick up a fancy looking bottle that reads
Dean blinks at Castiel, the Angel's smile now lazy and droopy as he begins to fall asleep. Dean shuffles and wraps Castiel's naked torso with his wing. His body feels like it's sinking into the bed and his bladder tingles with the need to pee but Castiel is snoring lightly beside him and Dean can finally start planning for
"Pizza ou hamburgers?" Castiel asks after realizing Dean isn't going to speak on the matter any time soon.
An older women with short hair up to her shoulders and glasses perched on her nose sits down at a large, white desk shifting at a stack of paper with perfectly trimmed nails.
Aaron stops Thules at some outdoor tables and sits him on one of the chairs. "I just have this feeling. You know my surveillance skills are pretty good if I do say so myself."
After two cups and listening in on Mary and Sam's idle conversation about Sam's up and coming law firm, Mary's book club, and other white noise that Dean doesn't register until he second cup of coffee.
Castiel carefully crawls into their bed and drapes arm loosely over Dean's waist. His eyes flicker along Dean's face, observing.
Dean's eyebrows raise towards his hair line and he squints at Castiel suspiciously. "That a trick question?"
"Sonovabitch, it's cold." Dean sniffles and uses his red, shaking hands to close the balcony door. Miracle, who seems to have come back from Dean's room, is chewing viciously on a rubber duck so Dean decided it's best to leave her here. He'll take her for a walk when he gets back.
And by "branch out" Dean means John dragged him from Bobby's place by his collar and forced him to work at The Bunker.
Eve turns and sits down on the back of her child then crosses her legs with a mean smile. "You'll know when the time comes." she lifts her hand lazily and snaps her fingers.
"And do you, Gabriel Novak, take Sam Winchester as your lawful husband, to have and to hold, from this day forward, for better or for worse, for richer or for poorer, in sickness and in health, to love and cherish until death do you part?"
There's a short, soft chuckle and the sound of a glass being set down on a desk. "Not a big fan of parties are you?"
"Dean Winchester?" An Angel with long red hair and a soft, kind face calls out for him. Dean slowly flexes his legs back so his feet touch the floor in front of his head then carefully unfolds himself until he's standing up straight.
Castiel takes three deep breaths before setting his phone down and beginning to take off his pants. He has to apologize. He can do that. Castiel allows his pants to sag onto the floor before laying down stiffly on the bed.
It's easier than Dean expected. Walking, he means. It's dark and his heart is about to burst out of his chest but he was born to hunt monsters. Any noise or hitch of the breath that Dean hears, he can know almost instantly where monster will be. Years of training taught him that.
Slick slides down the inside of Dean's thigh and he can see Castiel's nostrils flare. Dean finally gets his brain to communicate with his body again and he backs up to the study's entrance.
"I'm so sorry. John doesn't act like this usually. It must be the alcohol." Mary apologies. with a short, forced laugh. "It's late, I think we're going to turn in. Christmas Eve is tomorrow after all." she lets out a forced laugh.
A heated flush crawls up Dean's face once he realizes what he said. "I didn't mean—" Dean stops as he notices the matching blush on Castiel's face.
Jo delivers another round of what everyone is drinking along with a tray of shots, the group has to hold Garth back from taking anymore, while Cassie thinks.
"Onto the next place." Dean settles against Castiel once his wine is finished and Castiel kisses his temple.
Dean straightens up and Castiel eyes can't help but flicker down Dean's body, a bite of shame crawling up his spine.
"Please talk to me." Dean slides his hands down to Castiel's open pants and cups his freed dick. Castiel inhales sharply.
"Goin' up, Dean?" Garth asks with a toothy, childish grin and Dean bounces his head once as he steps inside. The iron gates creeks closed along with the solid metal door.
Dean presses his hips as far as they can go and spills between Castiel's thighs with a shaky groan. "Love you, love you so much sweetheart." Dean rattles as they continue to cum.
"I take care a'you, like a mommy would?" Dean teases, eyebrows creasing in pleasure when Castiel rubs his finger on the underside of his tip.
After Jo settles on what his makeup should be; light lip-gloss and a blush called Dandelion dusted on his cheeks and nose, his mother walks in with his father.
"I love you, Sammy." he says, mostly because he's only said it once in his entire life and John beat the shit out of him for it.
The bell signaling that someone has entered chimes and Jo, who's mouth snaps shut despite having a comeback, sticks her tongue out at Dean while taking both wet and dry glasses with her to the back.
Castiel slides his hands over the wings burned onto the ground. He sucks in a breath, nearly vomiting over the marks of his fallen brother and he curls his fingers into a first, nails scratching the floor and leaving blood in their wake.
Miracle is lapping water out of her bowl, paying no attention to the world around her and Dean pulls his phone out of his pocket.
"Chinese is what I had on the menu. Maybe a documentary on Bees." Dean doesn't miss the beeswax socks Novak has on.
Dean hums, closing the fridge. "Isn't that what the day traumas are for?" he jokes but it falls flat and Sam face shifts into one of guilt. "I'll be fine, Samuel." Sam casts Dean a concerned glance.
"Why is Debbie there?!" Dean gestures dramatically to the TV, jostling the wine in his hand. "Go away! You wanted this to happen!"
"Not a lot of therapists open around the holidays." Dean rebuttals. Novak's eyes widen a fraction and his eyebrows frown.
Dean knows how to be lonely. He's been a side character in his own life for years now so he knows how to deal with feeling invisible and how to deal with feeling outside of himself. He's painfully aware of how easy it would be to get into that rhythm again but he can't and it's Cas' fault. Cas came into Dean's life and fucking
After that, Castiel takes over the hotel. It gives him something to do, keeps him distracted and allows him to see check on Dean more often. He doesn't talk to the townsfolk and Gabriel doesn't pressure him to. After meeting with Donna, he uses a little grace to talk to people through his mind.
Dean walks over to the door and rests his hand on the handle. A warmth, almost a nauseous warmth, worms around in his gut and his heart pounds in his chest. Maybe he's still feeling anxious.
"We sent him to tail this hot shot that we suspect is a Leviathan a couple'a months ago. Sam knew what he was getting into when he said yes." bile rises in Dean's throat.
"Dean-o! We thought you got lost!" Gabriel shouts, clearly intoxicated. Do Angels get intoxicated? Dean figures they can do whatever they want in retrospect.
It's freeing in a way that Castiel never thought it would be; to take what's his. To claim it back once again. The wind rushing past the open gapes in his body is blood pumping and the Omega in front of him is dizzyingly beautiful. Castiel's heart thumps against his ribcage painfully and tears gather in his eyes. This is his.
"No, yeah, that's," Dean clears his throat, lifting his head up. "I mean for like, a walk. With the pets?"
"A Succubus case, huh. Please have a seat, we will have an Angel pick you up shortly." She gestures to a egg shaped chair to Dean's left. Dean nods his head in confusion and walks to the curiously built chair. He ducks his head, eyeing under the rounded hood before turning and sitting down awkwardly. His head knocks against the curve and he shifts around trying to find a comfortable position.
"Heavens, boy! I thought I was going to have to send the dogs after you!" his mother cries, holding his cheeks between her hands as she inspects him. "And why are your clothes wet? Did you do swimming in that pond?"
Dean flops down on the couch and toes off his boots. "Yeah, I can. I'll be drinking fizzy water and Pepsi all night."
Something in the way Castiel says it makes Dean's stomach churn uncomfortably. The side of Castiel's mouth ticks upwards sadly at Dean's shift in emotions.
Castiel widens his fingers apart carefully, feeling along the dampness of Dean's walls. Dean lets out a shaky sigh and rocks back against Castiel's finger in rhythm with the slow pull of the digits inside of him.
"It's pretty." he gestures to the descending sun then takes a drag from his almost finished cigarette. Castiel pries it from his shaking fingers and squishes it against the damp grass below them. Dean doesn't argue, he licks his lips and leans against Castiel. The two breathe in sync and watch the sun fall deeper into the water.
"Wanna see all of you," Dean mumbles, rocking back against Castiel's cock that throbs against his crack. Castiel distracts Dean by gripping his ass and pulling him against Castiel's chest so Dean's cock can rub firmly up and down his midsection.
Dean grumbles under his breath and downs three of the shots on the tray. They'll burn as they go down his throat.
The odor of rainforest, previously muted, is now back with a passion and Dean squirms in his seat. The Angel picks up his fork and brings to eat, ignoring Dean's squirming.
Dean slips out the back entrance of the kitchen, he can see a few guards at the back, chatting and not paying attention to Dean's version of
Castiel raises his head and narrows his eyes down at John as he tightens his arm around Dean's trembling body. John's eyes follow the movement with distaste and tosses his head back as he downs the rest of the dark liquid in his glass.
A rough hand exploring every crevice of one's body; sharp teeth biting and marking the fat on one's thighs and stomach; a heated body and aching heart; laughter, there's one that always throws Dean in for a loop,
That person who was following him was wearing scent-blockers and their movements were clumsy, noticeable. Someone knows that Dean is looking into this. There was a corporate name that had been voided in the file and Sam was sent to spy on someone in the big leagues. Maybe Naomi runs with them too.
"'S coming, mo-mommy." Castiel slurs and Dean makes a noise of inquiry before the clear sound of urine hits the water.
He must be a hypocrite then because right now he's grinding his toes aimlessly into crisp white snow while wearing one of Sam's sweaters, heavy sweatpants, and snow boots. It wasn't his plan; he meant to head back inside, to crawl into bed and wait for the sun to rise but the snow looked so inviting and for a second he could smell his mother out there.
Dean brushes his hand over the globe, turning it and letting it spin as he walks past it to fully take in the towering bookshelves
Castiel steps through the threshold of his home; an unnecessary addition to his place in Heaven but that's what he gets for adding a sentient...
I dunno if people are talking about it but it just hit me when I think about all the times he has mentioned Busty Asian Beauties as his like go to. I also mentioned it in a couple chapters back and I hope I didn't offend anyone by it.
"Mating. C-can we mate now?" Castiel speaks with a slight stutter. Dean sets down his glass on a nearby dresser before walking over to Cas and holding his hands.
"Oh jeez I wonder why. C'mon, you don't wanna miss your sister gettin' engaged do you?" Jo knocks the bottom of the glass gently on Dean's forehead.
He usually hates himself afterward. There's this sense of nakedness and guilt that he ends up repeating the next day. But he loves it too; he loves when his stomach clenches and his toes curl as he spills into his hand while trying to gather up the courage to shower in the mornings.
"You only ever say "I'm fine" when something is bugging you." Jo adds while shuffling through his bathroom for makeup.
"Be careful, Cassie, Gabriel is a total bridezilla." everyone around the table nods in agreement and Cassie chuckles.
"The Nymph of the pond, Castiel, saved you. You were blue in the face and you weren't breathing and he–he saved you, just like that." Mary chuckles wetly. "Good things come at a price, don't they? He was fascinated that you were different, that you were like someone in his family and he wanted you. To raise you as one of his own but John and I didn't want to give you up. We wanted you to be normal and he said that if we gave you to him when you are of age to mate then you would only be an Omega or if you found someone to like or even fall in love with."
Dean toes off his boots and nudges them against the door's frame and before he has the chance to step forwards, Novak glances over him.
"Guess we're two loners, huh?" Dean chuckles and Novak settles down in a plush armchair before gesturing Dean to do the same in the couch across from him.
"No family?" Dean wonders outloud. Novak closes the door. "None that I would enjoy spending time with."
They stay like that for a while. Castiel stroking Dean and Dean breathing in the heavily smell of Castiel, trying not to cum on his thigh. Castiel trails his finger tips up Dean's spine.
Castiel closes his eyes tightly, balls drawing up and wings ripping out of their confines as he releases inside of Dean.
Daddy's hands grips his hips to maneuver them more leisurely. Dean's toes curl in the sand and his back arches. A heavy weight pools at the bottom of his stomach and he can feel his cock twitch in his jeans.
Castiel wants to, wants to taste Dean on its tongue and lips but not tonight. "I–" Castiel gasps when Dean's knee moves between its legs and presses.
His eyes lock onto a pie that sits inconspicuously on the middle of the island with the cursive letters 'Happy Birthday' on them. His eyebrows raise comically high.
Castiel's grace seeps out and with a bit of control Castiel manages to keep himself from completely shedding his vessel.
"Good. Don't act like a fool tonight, Omega." John spits and Mary pats John's chest. "Leave him alone, John. Let's go check on preparations." she leads John out of Dean's room without a second glance.
He's not sure why he never bothered to contact Gabriel sooner. Maybe he didn't want him to get hurt by Lucifer, but nonetheless, Castiel is grateful.
"Sonovabitch." Dean huffs, shivering as he starts Baby, who was moved aways away from where Dean parked her orginally.
"Sam's coming next week, if you want to stay and see him." Mary mentions casually at dinner. Dean's thumb stops stroking Castiel's hand and he sighs.
"How did you feel when you figured out Charlie was your soulmate?" Dean interrupts, hoping to do anything to get out of this horrible conversation.
"Me either." Castiel's grip on his hip tightens and they do a soft spin, Dean's dress trails after them with a soft puff of air.
"I am sorry!" Castiel yells loudly, too loud that innocent passersby peer into their direction curious. Dean immediately steps forward and closes the door. "I did not mean to misgender you, I am unsure as to why I did it. I just–" Castiel wants to fidget, wants to clench its fists but its hands are dirty so it settles for shifting its feet. "You were so caring and you were so
"An hour. She's stuck coding for her class." Jo responds and Dean waits for the coffee to start dipping before getting a compostable paper bag and putting their honey drizzled sugar cookie inside of it. Dean thinks about putting another one in there but the rational part of his brain scolds him.
I was lonely without you too, I–Gods, you're beautiful." Castiel growls and catches Dean's lips in a fierce kiss.
And that's a slip, right? The praise that rolls out of Castiel's mouth and has Dean wet in his jeans and a wave of goosebumps up his back. Castiel seems to notice Dean's stunned silence and his lips press together.
"You can fuck off and sleep in the guest bedroom now, Mr. Know It All. You can come in before everyone wakes up so nobody suspects anything." Dean mutters bitterly into his pillow. Castiel stares at Dean's back with a heavy heart and tears in his eyes. He wants to take it back. He wants to tell Dean everything but if he does, if he tells Dean that they're soulmates, Dean will become afraid.
Dean grips his dick and strokes lazily, shuddering at each lick and suck Castiel gives to their hole. A sticky trail of pre hangs from her dick and onto Castiel's cheek making Dean's thighs clench and his heart stammer.
Castiel takes a deep breath, shifts in his chair, and stares at Dean. "I don't love my soulmate because I don't know them on a personal level. I know them on a work level, a professional level, but my affections don't go that far. I need connection and deep intimacy that I definitely won't get or feel from others which is why I tolerate things that don't overstep my boundaries. So now, I can learn to start tolerating my soulmate while having boundaries instead of loving them off the bat because then it would be fake."
Rowena sits, legs cross, eyes close and head tilted back at her throne. Two of her minions are filing her nails with an concerning amount of concentration and Dean eyes roll so hard they might get stuck in the back of his head.
"Move, d-daddy, 'm good." Dean blinks heavily with a dopey smile on his face. Castiel allows Dean's leg to wrap around his waist before he pulls almost all the way out, then slams back it.
Chuck, who sits at the end of the table with a kind smile; Gabriel who is sat in the chair on his left with whatever hooker he brought with him; Anna who is sat in the second chair at his right, next to Dean who plays with the hems of his lace sleeves nervously. Anna must've brought him here to brag, Castiel sighs inwardly. He wants to wrap Dean in plants and take over his body. He wants to take what's his.
Warning: Implied/mentioned past prostitution. Also a controversial issue is mentioned mildly. Forced feminization as well.
Chuck has wanted to spend time with his sister, Amara, for a long time now so they can be in unison but that would require God to step down and hand his powers over. Gabriel, Anna, and Castiel were his first Angels so rightfully, the power could be passed down to any one of them but Chuck has been silent on who he decided it shall be until now.
A crack appears on the window and Dean sucks in a sharp breath. It makes him cough and his bottom lip tremble when drool and foamy spit decorate his chin. He's dehydrated. But his body is too heavy to get up, too warm.
"Nothing to worry about just yet, Let's keep going." Lucifer instructs. Dean follows closely behind Lucifer, clenching his jaw rhythmically, on edge. As they walk, Lucifer's wings twitch and flap, causing leaves to fly around them and low branches on trees to shake.
"Yes." Nordic's voice is lighter now, almost like he's speaking with fondness. "Who would love you as you."
"Could'a told me issa guy you're marrying," he says (slurs) before he can stop it then speaks again because he can't find his fucking filter, "But I guess you always kept secrets from me, huh
Castiel looks up at Dean with hazy eyes while pushes his face in deeper and flattens his tongue against Dean's rim. Dean tucks their panties underneath their balls and watches as it jumps then leaks pre onto Castiel's face.
Dean flushes and nods, "It was mostly in French and fuck all if I passed that, but he said he loved me in English."
Dean sits down on the backless futon before sliding a sim card into the phone and texting Henricksen about his status. Not waiting for a reply, Dean takes out the card then shoves the items inside the drawer of the vanity.
Dean looks up again and between one breath and the next, soft lips gently press against the corner of his.
Castiel sits down carefully with his back against his bed as to not drop their stuff then pulls Dean down gently who sets down the bowl and takes out the forks.
Dean begins to walk but doesn't here foot steps behind him so he turns and sees Lucifer staring down the lit corridor, seemingly frozen. Dean frowns, walks up to Lucifer and gives his hand a friendly squeeze.
"Shit," he hisses, toes curling in his boots as he uses his nail to press into his wet urethra. "Oh fuck." he gasps, using his other hand to roll his balls between cold fingers. He's only two limp strokes in but his skin is flushed and his hips are chasing the warmth of his hand. Dean smooths his thumb over the tip, sucking in a harsh breath and shuddering forward as he spills into his hand.
"You need clothes too!" Dean gestures to Castiel's, well, everything. Castiel's eyebrows frown and smooths his hand over his lower half and a pair of sweatpants cover him.
Glass clink against glass and a sound of liquid being poured fills the room. "I see," Castiel sighs and it almost sounds like one of relief. "Would you like a drink?"
many ex-wives. But he’s always been like that around me. Seems like a crush.” Dean sucked on his cigarette; his eyes steady on Castiel’s.
He looked back to find Dean studying his face. His expression was brazen admiration, and Castiel felt heat rise in his cheeks from that alone. “I think you’re doing okay,” Dean said.
Castiel sat up in bed and remembered. He was utterly fucked. He ran away from home only to come crashing at his crush’s apartment. Yes,
Sam must have noticed the tension because the car ride home he kept the conversation afloat. He talked all about the colleges he intends to apply to later in the year, Stanford being the one he’s most excited for. Castiel asked questions with genuine interest. He was able to forget for a moment the mortifying mistake he made with his and Dean’s relationship. Dean kept silent the whole ride home.
“There was a fire when I was little. My father was off in the war. My mother ran to check on us…and she got us out of the way. I ran outside with Sam in my arms. But, she got stuck in there...”
Castiel nodded. He found that his eyes kept slipping to Dean’s mouth, then his cheekbones then back up. Dean was an attractive guy, objectively speaking. “You have a piano,” he stated.
Dean, with quick hands, undid each button on Castiel’s shirt, then carefully tugged it off, and discarded the shirt behind him.
“Dean,” Castiel said, interrupting Gabriel. His brother nodded. “Where is all this coming from?” Castiel asked.
Castiel held his breath. The two girls just stared up at Dean with eyes the size of dinner plates. Then, Claire shook her head, “I’ll never date a boy. I like girls. They’re nicer and they don’t spit.” Kaia nodded in agreement and took another messy bite of pizza.
Around dinner time, Gabriel popped into Castiel’s room and sat down next to him on the bed. He used to do this when Castiel was little and had nightmares. He’d hold out his hand and say p
The operation was nerve-wracking, to put it lightly. Castiel and Claire had to run back up to their apartment and open their large French-style window. One man was beside them, set to pull the piano in when it was brought up. Two guys went to the roof to work the lever, and two were below on the street, ready to pull the rope.
The bathroom at the Winchester household was smaller than the one in Dean’s apartment in NYC. It was almost like stepping into one of those Egyptian coffins that stood up straight. Castiel dragged Dean into the bathroom and sat him down on top of the yellowed-porcelain toilet lid.
Dean was juggling several pints of light beer, their bubbles fizzing down his wrists. Groups of women were leaning over the bar, giving him smiles bordered by pristine red lipstick and winking at him when he handed them their drinks. Castiel ducked under the bar hatch and, while Dean was looking away, took a beer from his hand that was tilting precariously. Dean turned and when he saw him, a massive smile spread on his face. “Cas!” Castiel took the beer that he saved from Dean’s hand and gave it to a man that was waiting eagerly for his drink.
“You’d love it. We should go today.” He wanted to take it back just as quickly as he said it. But Claire’s face lit up, and he knew he’d have to do this for her.
To Castiel’s surprise, Dean’s room was expressionless. It lacked personal mementos, pictures, really anything that would indicate that Dean lived here. It was strange, judging by the fact that the rest of the apartment seemed lived in a loved. Campbell’s as well was living and breathing humanity. But this room was almost sterile. Dean kept his room orderly, no nonsense.
Castiel sat dumbfounded and didn’t give an answer. He just sat cross legged on the bed scratching his head. Dean can cook.
Castiel nodded and had to force himself to speak. “That’s amazing news. I’m sorry I never knew that that’s what you wanted.”
Dean pulled away from the hug, and Castiel dropped his arms to his sides. He felt exhausted, and couldn’t help but imagine grabbing Dean’s hand, pulling him to his bed and making him sleep by his side. Maybe if Dean was beside him, he would dream. He hadn’t dreamt of anything in a while, and although it was better than nightmares, sleep hadn’t felt like rest. The ache to have him stay was so strong that he almost said it. Almost.
He got on the subway towards Greenwich village and by the time he got to Campbells, he was met with a line out the door.
“Don’t wear it out. And you better go to Biggerson’s first, young man, don’t you make me go off doing favors for you for nothing.”
“Yeah, whatever,” Dean said passively and clicked on the radio. An Elvis song was playing, Jailhouse Rock, and Sam sat back and rolled down his window. Chilly air seeped through the car but the sun coming through the glass reassured them that the day would ultimately be warm. Dean drove out of the parking lot and down the street.
“Cas,” Dean said, finally taking notice in him. “Why don’t you play something.” Castiel opened his mouth to respond, but before he could, Dean said, “Oh wait, you don’t take requests.” He gave Castiel a shit-eating grin.
Claire shifted and Castiel looked up to see her leaning against the wall beside her bed. She was slumped over, her eyes droopy with sleep. “I’m scared.”
Castiel looked between then both, then straightened up in his chair. “What would you like me to play?”
Before Castiel could react, Dean reached out, grabbed his shoulder near his neck and steadily pulled him towards him, turned him around, and pushed him up against the door.
Finally, Kelly looked at him. She held up her hand and gestured for him to step inside fully. Castiel squinted her eyes at her, then came inside and closed the door behind him. He knelt in front of Kelly. Missouri still kept her arm around her shoulders, and Kelly reached out and grabbed Castiel’s hands. His skin prickled from the contact, but he accepted it, and let Kelly wrap her hands around his.
Then, Dean started tickling his stomach, and Castiel tried not to laugh but he did, and Dean got the upper hand and flipped them again. They wrestled in the grass for a bit, Castiel pushing his fingers through Dean’s short hair and pulling at his clothes, laughing the whole time. Dean pulled up Castiel’s shirt and started kissing his stomach. His lips trailed up his chest and Castiel fell quiet, feeling his whole body shutter. Dean opened his mouth and Castiel felt his teeth drag on him, then his tongue smoothing over. Finally, Dean’s mouth found his neck and he sucked on it hard. Castiel couldn’t help but moan out but the sound was cut off by Dean pressing his lips hard against his again. Castiel wrapped his arms tightly around Dean’s neck and Dean settled down flush on top of him.
Dean smiled, like he knew what he was getting at. He half expected Dean to laugh in his face and either say:
Lack of time spent together made Castiel feel awkward, as if ice that he had spent so long chipping away at was now restored between them. “Let’s go sit,” he said. “Sorry there’s not much room.”
“Well,” Missouri started, not meeting his gaze. “I love kids. I’ve always wanted to be a teacher or a pediatrician of some sort. But I never got the chance. This is quite new, but I have noticed my friends need some help while they work in the summertime.”
“I don’t know what to think,” Dean shrugged his shoulders. He couldn’t meet Castiel’s eyes. “I just feel like I…” Dean paused, took in a sharp breath. His eyes were shiny. “I feel like a prick okay?”
There was then a knock at the door. He took one last concerned look at Claire, then got up and went to answer it.
With a polite nod of his head, Dean bid his farewell, turned, and headed towards the front of the store. Castiel could see Sam was fumbling with coins in his hands and Jessica was smiling. Castiel watched them leave the store, Dean’s shoulders moving smoothly under his jacket, his hair wild. He tightened his grip on the pill bottle, then, after a five-minute head start allotted for the Winchesters, he paid and left the store.
Soulmates. Two beings bound at the very core, destined to be together. It's childish, foolish even. If Father never made him the first Angel to have a human mate then maybe, just maybe, he wouldn't have been casted out by the others. Shunned for his ability to connect with God's favored creations.
Mary turns to him and hands him the stack of letters. "You should pick one, we want to see you mated and happy." she goes to brush his cheek but Dean grimaces and backs away.
A whisper starts at his right ear and ends at his left, begging, wanting to take him. Hands crawl up, they cup his thighs, grip his hair, and spread him like a mat. His shirt is damp with sweat, jeans uncomfortably stuck to his legs. Shit.
"S-stop, baby. Get some lube 'n put it on your dick." Dean slides his fingers out, strings of wetness connecting to the tips of them and he wipes it on Castiel's thigh. Castiel's hand shake as it opens the tube and smears some along the length of his dick.
"Was it because it was your first time?" Dean hooks his chin over Castiel's shoulder, looking down at the hardening cock in his hands. Castiel pants and shakes his head.
"Look who decided to join us?" Mary chastises playfully at Dean's ruffled appearance; messy bed hair, a washed out AC/DC shirt, and baggy sweatpants that give him a annoying wedgie. Dean shuffles quietly into the kitchen, presses a soft kiss to his mothers cheek, and pours himself a cup of coffee. Sam peers up from his smoothie bowl with a snort while John's heavy gaze lingers on Dean.
"Only on Fridays." Dean counters and walks over, leaning against the wall in front of Castiel's legs, crossing his arms over his chest.
"Do you need to take a leak?" Dean asks awkwardly and Miracle barks once. "The fuck is that supposed to mean?" Dean scratches the back of his head and sighs.
Dean puts on an easy smile. "You must be Naomi!" he extends his hand once he reaches her. Her eyes flicker to his covered scar and it takes Dean all his will not to pull the fabric tighter around his neck.
Heavy snow makes the sky gloomier than normal and it adds to the sad mood that Dean and Lucifer enter the house with. Charlie goes to greet them with a smile but saddens when she sees them.
"I know, I know. You can't stay mad at him forever, Dean." Mary reminds as if it's the hundredth time she's saying it.
Castiel sighs, irritation climbing up his spine and slowly makes his way to the bed. "I had a bad day today, Dean. I wanted my baby to make it better, that is why I left you like this. Stuffed with a vibrator, dumb, cock hungry. Maybe I was hoping for too much."
"Take a seat, Mr. Winchester." Anna gestures to a mimic couch across from them. Dean sits with his back straight and hands placed clasped on his lap.
Castiel's intestines twist uncomfortably. His other vessel was a child. His other vessel was barely ten-year-old.
"I hear that Ellen needed some berries collected and I know how much you adore her pies. Why not go collect some to clear your head?" Mary suggests. Dean's posture sags but he nods nonetheless.
"Mr. Winchester, hello." Castiel huffs out a similar pleasantry before walking into the apartment left of Dean's and setting down the box down with a pained groan. Dean angles his body so he can look inside the apartment, it's layout not all that different from his aside from the kitchen being on the right side instead of the left and a little lift from the entrance into the living room.
"My name is Castiel. Nice to meet you." Castiel clenches his hands into fists then relaxes them. Is this when he would give a handshake?
Dean thinks of a million excuses right off the bat, defensive on behalf of his mother but her own magic rivals Sam's and Sam found him easily.
"Love it, love Mommy giving me a show." Castiel goes easy because it's stupid, it's easy and stupid for Dean. Castiel slides its thumb through Dean's wetness before coming back up and going back to its job. Dean's hips jerk and his clit rises, pulses under Castiel's attention.
Castiel blinks back his tears and a small, whimpering sound escapes from his throat. He's sorry, he's so sorry.
Dean sinks further into the couch, tightening his fist and peeling back the foreskin. "Fuck me," his thighs tense and relax.
"Hey, person you're talking about here," Charlie rasps jokingly. "Don't be dicks. I can handle myself, plus I'm all the back up we've got. Also, where are we even going."
Today is the day Dean signs his life away to some shitty Alpha; he's sick to his stomach just thinking about it. But! Dean is going to sneak out before he was to get ready for the ball to see Nordic.
The two catch their breath in the heavy, sex scented room, not moving an inch. Dean pants and blinks up at the ceiling while Castiel still has its face buried in the crook of Dean's neck.
"So, why'd you come to The Roadhouse? No judgement here, the food's great." Charlie asks as they stop in front of the wood doors.
Dean's heart pounds against his ribcage, his throat suddenly dry and scratchy as he stares at the ceiling.
"You got any better ideas?" Dean snaps, putting the car in park then shutting it off. Lucifer raises his hands in mock surrender with a roll of his eyes.
Castiel imagines it would be easier for him to say 'cuddle.' but to each their own. Castiel shimmies off its pants and shirt before crawling into bed and wrapping its arms around Dean's heated body.
Castiel is gentle in his movements; his face isn't contorted in disgust but a subtle layer of understanding and concern; he doesn't seem bothered with taking care of the sheets, of Dean.
Dean puts his hand on Daddy's chest to steady himself and rocks his hips slowly. Dean shudders as his cock rocks against the front of his zipper and Daddy's cock begins to thicken and press between his cheeks.
Castiel gets up from the bed and squeezes his hand into a fist then relaxes it in a repeated motion. "I will s-see you when you get back from your family's place."
Dean straightens his back with a groan and takes a fleeting glance at everything around him as he starts walking to the Crimes Department. Everything is so prim and proper Dean could gag; everything around him is white, pristine, he could lick ice cream at these walls. The Angels walk in crisp white suits, it makes Dean's jeans look like something from the mud out of a truck show. Their wings tucked behind up like some sort of security blanket, and why are their faces so blank? Some of them spare Dean a glance, curious at the running faucet that is Dean's scent.
Dean closes his eyes and nearly slouches in relief.  "I wouldn't miss your proposal. I'll see 'em after."
Dean blinks in a slowly and licks his lips in thought. "I worked all week, no long shifts since I'm just getting back into it, I walked Miracle and made plans to go visit my family for the holidays."
Dean covers his face with his hands. How can Castiel talk so formally after he was so vulgar just last night. Dean's going to get whiplash one of these days.
"With us! Gabriel's gone, Castiel is gone, who knows what'll happen to Charlie if we leave her!" Lucifer snaps.
They walk into what Dean assumes is the room where he's supposed to strip himself of his trauma; the walls are a comforting blue and the furniture is grey instead of a blinding white and something about it irks Dean.
Dean takes a minute to digest that new information. Unaffected? Dean's never come across someone who wasn't attracted to him or his pheromones. That's fine, he's always up for a challenge.
"My apologies, I didn't mean to startle you." Nordic's eyes look sad and Dean sits up and crosses his legs, pushing his dress down in the front so he's not exposed.
Something clicks inside of him, his eyes burn, and he leaves deeper crescent shaped indents into Dean's skin.
"Anna wanted me to be as her mate so she could have a heir when she takes your father's power. But it seems like that's not what's happening." Dean tightens the jacket over his shoulders. Castiel frowns in disappointment; Angel insemination is always difficult.
She almost killed me one day. My grace wasn't as crazy as it is now and with the pain it helped keep it at bay. She was acting different or something? I–she, uh, she wanted to play or whatever and I loved her, ya know? So I said–I said yes and we–she," Dean chuckles, sniffling.
Aaron's cheeks pink and he laughs lightly. "And since we're both bottoms that would be tough. Could I still get you a something as friends?"
"You did such a good job tellin' me, Cas. You know that? You're so good for tellin' me, for telling Mommy." Dean whispers comforting words into its ear and Castiel gasps, feels a little dizzy and hot in its gut. It nuzzles its face in Dean's chest and breathes.
"You felt attacked, hurt even, it's understandable why you would want space." The plastic rustling allows Dean to get his head together. It's like scrambled eggs up there.
"I would much rather mate a confused Angel then a asshole one." Dean says easily. Castiel's wings puff in excitement.
Dean brings a finger to run down the spine of a random book, rubbing it together with his thumb when dust coats the pad of his index finger.
Castiel looks at Dean, his lips tinged red from the blood currently lazily oozing from the bite on Dean's inner thigh. Castiel leans forward moving his hands so they rest of both sides of Dean's head and brushes their noses together.
I just want to thank you all for your patience. It has been nothing but helpful and encouraging and I love you all do much for putting up with my shit.
Castiel shudders as another wave of pleasure starts at his toes and crawls it's way up to his brain making it go hazy with uncertainty.
"I wanted to impress you." Castiel rises and drops his shoulders, turning away from Dean. Dean chews on his bottom lip then looks around the room for the object he had noticed earlier. He gets up, stumbles a little because of the numbness in his legs, and carefully walks over to the record player; a thankfully modern, wood one with stands.
He does the unthinkable and drains Lucifer of his grace while he's unsuspecting and smug; Castiel traps him between the wall and an Archangel blade that Lucifer didn't discretely hide.
On the way home, he spots one of the local pounds and with a firm fuck it, pulls into the parking lot.
It wouldn't be so bad go tug one out while Sam's in the shower, would it? He already did it six times today, anymore and he won't be able to drink coffee tomorrow morning.
He holds the book tightly to his chest and ducks down, his spine bends awkwardly, and he clumsily walks behind a few tall bushes until he makes it to the suffocating area of sky-high trees.
Castiel doesn't hate Anna because Angels don't hate. They love all of God's creations after all. But he does loathe her which doesn't seem any better. He loathes how she kisses Dean with no love, how she bruises his lips with overwhelming lust and no care, how when they have sex Dean is always in pain.
"I know, I just–" Castiel groans in frustration and Dean's cock perks up at the noise. "I feel guilty for feeling traumatized."
Castiel head falls on Dean's shoulder and he makes another low noise before pushing Dean down on his cock and getting rid of the grace completely.
Dean thinks about soft hands, hands larger than his and capable of making him fall apart. He thinks about the clementine still in the doggy bag and the person who gave it to him who smells of rich coffee.
"I'm gonna sleep right here." he mumbles, eyes already slipping closed but blink open when Castiel clears his throat nervously and stands above Dean while shifting on his feet.
If this person has enough power to open a rift then why would they attack two people like that? It's clear that Sam got to something and was attacked before Castiel was but why would anyone harm Castiel? Nobody knows
"If it wasn't for Lucifer and that baby in your belly, I would've killed you." Eve laughs lightly and Dean contains the scream and tears that threaten to escape him. Not from fear, no, but from the severe insanity of the whole situation.
Colt kicks off the show by saying how he should come clean to Jess about what he's been hiding from her; he explains lazily about his infidelities and lies while Dean snaps his fingers noisily.
"We will have someone go to your apartment and gather up your things for disposal. Is there anything of importance?" Anna raises her eyebrows.
"Castiel's gone too!" Dean hollers from the room, looking and surveying the damages. There's a small puddle of black sludge of the ground emitting a foul smell and Dean dry gags before pinching his nose.
Dean's back arches when Castiel leans forward, folding Dean in half, and dragging his cock out before slamming back in repeatedly. Dean's hole is warm and tight and
Dean steps forward and takes a deep breath. "We have reason to believe Naomi is giving Castiel Leviathan Blossom. She's probably working with someone to distribute it, have more people under their control and if Castiel's dies—"
Never in a million years would Dean think he deserved this; comfort, security, and love. It's never been an option for Dean, not with the life he lived, back then Dean could probably count how many times he showered in a month on one hand. He wouldn't be able to count how many people he let use him; it's probably somewhere teetering into the hundreds. Now, Dean actually gets up to eat and brush his teeth and go to work and, well, live.
"Look at you doc, gettin' down and dirty." Dean jokes, and maybe it's because he's having a but of a day but something about Castiel getting intimate with others doesn't feel right in his gut.
"Cas isn't my," Dean waves his hand, feeling an oddly hurt at his own denial. "You know. He's my therapist, he just came for support."
He doesn't like going, Donna wants him to talk more about what Lucifer did and his feelings and his level of distress but he's an Angel. He doesn't have a level of distress, he
Sam rings his hands together under Dean's silence. The older Winchester has his lips curled into a frown, and a hand on his left arm.
"I will handle your mother." Dean promises. Lucifer sniffles wetly and nods before leaving the room.
Dean's bottle lip wobbles and he exhales shakily when Naomi finally leaves, shutting the door with a horrifying sense of finality. Bile is resting at the back of his throat like it's its second home, his limbs feel weak and heavy, aching with a new set of discomfort. Dean thinks about leaving, about packing up with Sam in the back seat and leaving this dreadful town in his rearview mirror. He can't, not when Lucifer needs Sam just as much as he does, and not when Naomi could so easily kill them.
"When's the last time you showered?" Dean purses his lips and scrunches his nose when Sam walks over to grab some of the bags. Sam scoffs as he sets down the paper on marble countertops.
"I'm gonna break your legs next time you put your legs on her." Dean threatens, only half-joking. Charlie pouts but keeps her legs in their proper place.
(Dean meets Gabriel two weeks after during break. Gabriel calls Dean short and Dean tells Gabriel to fuck a sock. They get along well.)
Mary sighs. "His family is very powerful when it comes to Jewish customs and he's a very good leader."
"Why do you always make it sound consensual? Sam won't see you as less of a brother, as less of a person because you were violated. Hell, he'd probably send the fucker to jail." Jo mutters the last bit and Dean yanks on the zipper of his bag until it closes.
Dean leans forward, almost knocking his forehead against Castiel's in his haste to press their lips together.
"How gross." Dean whispers, pulling his hand out and turning onto his side. Still, Dean's mind can't help but wander.
"It looks like you met Cassie already." Dean frowns in confusion and Gabriel opens his mouth to speak again but Dean stops him.
"Boys!" Mary chides. She squeezes Dean's cheeks. "You could've gotten sunburnt and you don't have on your blockers! You stink of rain and water from a lake," she sighs. "Go shower and have Charlie and Jo fit you for the dress Rowena made."
Dean presses harder, enjoying the feeling of Castiel trembling in his arms and inside of him. Warmth blooms deep in his guts and Dean trembles with it, feeling their own climax on their chest.
"Comin' right up." Dean tugs a pair of gloves out their box and slips them on. He starts by making the starting the coffee first and turning his head to call into the kitchen. "When is Charlie coming in?"
Dean's heavy exhale is accompanied with an overexaggerated shiver and he wraps his arms around himself before slowly trucking inside; his lips, nose, and ears a little numb from the cold but his body has already begun to warm up when he steps through the cocked back kitchen door.
Colt lets out a sigh when Jess talks about the dick pics he sent other women but doesn't sleep with the women in his house. Jess takes a sip from her beer before throwing her glasses on the table and starts raising her voice.
Dean shakes his head and Donna nods, thoughtful. "We went through techniques to help you talk to him. Do you think you could try? For you?"
Apparently, he has to love himself first. A line said by toxic positive influencers and a lady that made him bend over and cough twice when he was admitted.
Dean pats her head again before making his way to the living room Dean shudders violently and curses as he opens the balcony door, small, innocent snowflakes drift into the living room as he steps outside.
Castiel's curious fingers slide between Dean's cheeks then graze his rim carefully. Castiel stares at Dean questioningly.
He can't remember the last time he's been that close with someone. He doesn't remember the feeling of every part of his body being lit up like fireworks, that slow build up that makes his toes curl and his back arch and his throat go hoarse from moaning.
Dean slips their arms out of the off shoulder cuff and Castiel watches, enraptured, as Dean slides the dress down their body, revealing beautiful skin marked with childhood scars and blonde hairs.
"Biologically and physically. I have the knot but..." Dean shrugs, sucking in his bottom lip and curling in on himself.
Dean returned from the bathroom with paper towels, rubbing alcohol and a first aid kit. Castiel looked up at Dean’s hands but couldn’t lift his eyes to Dean’s face.
Dean blinked open his eyes then turned his head and looked at Castiel. Their faces were so close that Castiel stopped breathing. “What do you mean?” Dean asked.
“Ready to go?” Dean said. He put his hands on his hips. “We can get dinner somewhere near midtown maybe, on the way home.” He was speaking to both Claire and Castiel, as if their “home” was the same place.
He looked over halfway through the song, as the tempo increased, and saw Claire looking at him between her fingers. He tilted his head, gesturing for her to come over. She rolled her eyes and slid off the couch, then sauntered over to him and climbed up on the wooden chair beside him.
They breathed together. Castiel’s hands went everywhere. Dean kissed him all over his face, on his forehead, over his chest. Their lips met again, and it was cosmic.
“You really didn’t notice me?” he asked. Castiel shook his head. Dean laughed and sat down on the bench beside him. “You really do just zone out, do you?”
Dean was staring down at a small nick in the paint job on the car. He was silent and still. Then, all of the sudden, he started walking towards Rufus, who was standing in front of a dapper-looking couple across the parking lot. “Rufus!” Dean called out. “I’m taking off. I’ll take more hours tomorrow.”
It hit him. To be needed, he thought, was what he’s wanted all his life. Of course, love was a whole other thing.
Aunt Amara was sitting in the living room, holding a cup of tea, and she was chatting with Castiel’s mother. She wore a yellow suit, a floral blouse underneath, pearls, an excessive number of chunky rings on her fingers, and red sunglasses pushed back into her hair. Chuck was pacing back and forth, as it seemed they were disagreeing about something. Castiel stayed just out of sight and overheard the conversation.
Claire kept tapping Castiel on the shoulder and so carefully, he readjusted and hoisted Claire on his shoulders. He held her ankles and she clasped her hands on his forehead.
Kelly scrunched up her face and shook her head. “Right I’m so sorry I forgot. Um, Kelly. I’m Kelly.” Kelly dropped her shopping bags, stepped forward and stretched out her hand to shake Castiel’s. “Are you moving in?” She asked.
Moments after Gabriel closed the door of Castiel’s apartment, under the vice that he’d stay in the city for a couple more days to smooth the grief, the apartment became incredibly cold. Claire sat in her room, the door was open, and she was just sitting on the bed and looking out the little window near the ceiling.
Dean finished the sentence for him, their voices hushed and private. “You want to feel okay again? You will.”
Daphne just looked at him. “I appreciate the honesty,” she said. Castiel wasn’t sure if she understood and he didn’t think he wanted her to understand fully. “Maybe we can be friends.”
“No,” Dean said, but Castiel could feel the tension. But maybe it was within himself. Maybe the guilt had finally taken over, taken his body, and was now in control.
Silence settled between them. Castiel fought every urge to reach out and wrap his arms around Dean, hold him until he felt as though he could protect him from anything. He settled on just watching the side of Dean’s face. Then, Dean turned to him, and he looked so broken and opened up that Castiel knew the curtains had been drawn, that so little people had seen him like this.
“Aunt Amara?” Castiel said and she turned around. He could spot his aunts fashion sense from a mile away.
Nerves made Castiel wake up before the sun. He quickly dressed, packed his bag, and even stripped the mattress of sheets and folded it back into the couch. The apartment was still stuck in nighttime, as it had been when Castiel saw Dean at the sink. He was beginning to think he dreamed that.
There was a man lying on his back under an ugly gray car. He was tapping his foot to the music, grunting as he tuned the car, occasionally reaching out and grabbing a new tool. Faintly, Castiel could hear him mumbling along to the lyrics of the song.
Dean stared at the space she had just occupied for a second, then turned to Castiel with the same goofy smile. “She’s awesome,” he said, with no hint of sarcasm in his voice.
When he turned on to Dean’s street, he saw two women arguing on the corner. They seemed like they could be mother and daughter, only the older one had bleach blonde hair and pink lips. The younger one was quite modest, without any makeup and with wavy brown hair.
Castiel looked up at his mother, and she scrunched her eyebrows together, like she was confused. She changed the subject. “How’s Claire?”
“Anything to do with cars,” Dean said, passion bubbling off on him. Castiel liked how it looked on him. “Taking them apart, repairing them, upgrading them, anything.”
Castiel took a break to stretch and sit idly, sipping his cup of water. He resolved to observe the people in the bar. Soon enough, Dean came sidling up next to the platform and placed his tray on the table in front, sighing and stretching his arms towards the ceiling. He had taken his button up off and only had his white shirt on. Castiel noticed his belt, noticed the way his shirt escaped from it when he stretched.
“Don’t step on that, Castiel!” Michael had warned, and he lifted Castiel by the armpits. “Big plans for that fish. Every living being has a purpose.”
It was a usual morning, or what has become a usual morning for him. He dropped Claire off at school. She had protested, of course, but the prospect of seeing Kaia made her feel better. It had been a long summer, and she felt better going back to school, knowing that the storm of questioning faces had probably faded away by now. She had only been back for a week, but one day she met him outside with a faint smile on her face. “No one looked at me,” she said to him. “I was invisible.”
“That was shittier than usual,” Charlie said with a giggle and a sip of beer. It was well into the afternoon, and almost time for Charlie and Castiel to leave for work at her record store. But they all needed to wind down.
Dean was now fiddling with the hood of a car. He was trying to disconnect it, Castiel figured, and he was going in with a wrench. Sam sat quietly on the picnic table, drinking soda and nearing the end of the book he was reading. A Farewell to Arms, Castiel saw, and he waited eagerly for Sam’s review. He sat down at the picnic table next to Sam and flipped through the pages with pictures. They read for a bit in silence, then out of the corner of his eye, Castiel could see Sam turning to the last page of his book. His eyes skirting across the page quickly. Then, he closed the book and set it down before him.
Dean released his wrist and disappeared into a small bathroom towards the back of the basement. Castiel stood awkwardly, looking at the room, looking at the beds. Then, he looked down at his hand. It was not as gnarly and deep as he thought it would be, but the glass did slice open the heel of his hand in a jagged uneven line. It was a clean cut though, there were no residual pieces of glass that he could see. Blood covered his hand and was smeared on his wrist.
A silence settled between them as Castiel got up off the piano bench. He tried and failed to smooth out the wrinkles in his dress shirt. The stubborn ones at the elbows.
Castiel sighed and began to pick up the clothes from the ground. He piled them into the hamper, then wander to the dresser and organized the drawers. “Do you want me to read to you?”
Dean didn’t look up. “There’s coffee on the hot plate, get it yourself and pay later,” he mumbled with half of his attention, then took a delayed breath from his cigarette. He reached up, pulled the bud away, then breathed out a stream of smoke.
, and that is the truth. The raw truth. I love you. But you wouldn’t believe it. You wouldn’t believe it because I wouldn’t if you told me the same. Because we’re alike, you and I.
Around five in the morning, he woke up as if on a timer, and he heard the front door creak open, then shut. If there was an intruder, Castiel thought, this would be the best time to kill him. He was weak and tired and hungry.
Dean’s lips trailed down to Castiel’s neck, just under his ear, and Castiel’s grip on his arm got tighter. Dean kissed him, but didn’t suck hard, so as to not leave a mark. It was wet and hot, and when his lips met his again Castiel felt his knees grow soft.
Lights lined up above the bar, booths were against the back wall. Round tables were spread out in the room with ashtrays and wooden stools accompanying them. During the night, when the place was full of energy, the owner must push all the tables to the sides to make room for a dancefloor. The piano called Castiel’s name again. It sat, quite lonely, on the small platform. There was no one up there now. In fact, the place was quiet save for the four or five people who occupied some tables. They slowly smoked cigarettes and were scribbling away into notebooks. They drank coffee; the steam from their mugs mingled with the cigarette smoke.
“We’re here,” Dean said, and Sam woke from a nap he was taking. Castiel stared out the window in wonder at all the green.
Dean sat beside him, uncharacteristically quiet, focusing on whoever was talking. The day was getting incredibly dark, and soon all anyone could see was what the stars outlined. Castiel almost jumped in his seat when he felt Dean’s hand on his wrist. He looked over, and Dean wasn’t looking at him, but he could see his brow furrowed, his eyes narrow and confused. Dean’s fingers met where Castiel squeezed his fist around his wrist, cradling his injured hand. Then, he must have felt the blood.
“You’re quiet. I like quiet people. These days, all the kids your age yap on and on about whatever music they like or whatever poems they’re writing. You’re humble. I like that.”
Castiel opened his eyes and watched Dean work. He was on his third stitch. The needle burned. But Dean’s hands were steady and careful. Finally, Castiel reached out and brushed the hair on Dean’s forehead, ran his fingertips through it. Dean finished off the stitch, tied a close, neat knot, and snipped the line. Then, he wrapped thick bandages around Castiel’s hand. Dean looked up at him, his expression still hard.
On the edge of the forest was a dark green house with peeling roof panels. Next to it, Castiel could see, was a horse farm set far beyond the road in an open field.
“Sorry mama,” the boy said. Castiel couldn’t tell which was which of the twins. But, the two boys were holding hands, and one was looking down at the floor.
Castiel’s hands went up to cup Dean’s face, and Dean kissed him like the song- gentle, then hungry and Castiel wanted to pull back and ask, in his dizzy state of pleasure,
Dean looked over and pecked his lips again, then stood and stretched. Castiel looked up and watched his muscles work, he heard a pop in his shoulders, then Dean held out his hand to help Castiel stand. Castiel took it and Dean pulled him up. Dean couldn’t seem to stop kissing him. Once they were both standing, Dean took his face between his hands and kissed him gently. Castiel slowly cupped Dean’s elbows. The kiss was slow and smoldering, and Castiel almost felt like this was the most familiar thing in the world. That he’s had this for years.
Dean walked with him back to his car at Turner’s Garage. They didn’t speak. Castiel was in shock and disbelief, thinking that he failed. He
Castiel wanted to ask him his name. He felt as though he was getting wrapped up in the intoxication of everyone else in the room. The bartender had these green eyes that reminded Castiel of nothing he’s ever really seen or loved before. They were like a forest. He only saw flashes of them in the dim light of the bar, but he wanted to see more. The man had sandy hair and freckles-
Both of his parents were there, so were Luke and his wife and kids, and Michael’s wife and kids as well. Castiel thought for a second how weird it was that Jimmy and Amelia hadn’t come to the reunion. They’re never late.
Castiel gave him a pained look. “She didn’t want to go. She was crying this morning about her parents, and I couldn’t make her go.”
Charlie glared at him, then drunkenly kissed Castiel on the cheek again. Castiel slung an arm around her waist. “Ah yes, my wife,” Castiel said, trying to make his voice sound like that of a quintessential suburban man’s. “Why don’t I get you another drink, wife.”
“I never really left my dorm,” Castiel said and laughed quietly. “And I’ve lived in the city all my life.”
, underwear and crossed the room, where he sat on the edge of the bed beside Castiel and stuck a cigarette between his teeth.
A calm chatter filled the field as people began to pack up. Jody had to relight some of the torches so they could make their way back to the barn. Dean came over next to him to accompany him and Claire back through the woods.
Castiel could laugh at that. All his life people called his mother crazy and she had no idea. She used the word like it wasn’t her albatross.
Driving was truly terrifying. Bobby made him drive around the countryside for a bit. He drove through a small town, past farms and big fields. He started to get confident and raced down the long stretches of road back to Bobby’s house way over the speed limit. It felt freeing. With the window down, and the cool earl autumn breeze coming in, he felt comfortable. No other cars were around. He was sober.
Castiel scoped around the room again. The same people were seated, and they seemed so lost in their own worlds that they hadn’t even noticed Castiel’s presence, nor the conversation going on. There was even a man he hadn’t noticed before sitting quietly in a booth, drinking beer and looking like the better part of his life was far behind him. Castiel ventured anyway, “Why can’t I play during the daytime?”
“Jesus Christ you’re such a square,” Dean said. “Ignore my brother. He rambles when he’s socially awkward.”
“Has Dean helped out?” Ellen said and Castiel instead felt his face heat up. Dean, who less than twenty-four hours ago, was rolling around in the grass with him, kissing him, and making him moan. He realized he forget to check if Dean’s hickeys were still on his neck.
The sight of Bobby’s house was like stepping into a pleasant reoccurring dream. The windows were open, the sun cut through, the dog was barking and rolling in the grass. Castiel hadn’t realized how much he grew to like the house only after the one time he visited it. He had been acquittanced with the hills behind the house, that seemed to roll on for miles and miles, and the view of the Jody’s barn.
The warm welcome was seizing up in Castiel’s chest, and he suddenly felt extremely grateful for what this city has given him, and what seems like destiny that he’s found himself here. He nodded and said, “I would love to. Thank you very much.”
Missouri gave him a sobering look. “The owner- his name is Dean, right? I’ve heard you mention him.” Castiel nodded. Then, without hesitation, Missouri continued. “You grew up in Manhattan, right?”
Castiel slept for a little while more, only waking up when he smelled bacon wafting from the kitchen. He dressed himself and shuffled down the hall where he saw his mother and father sitting at the table. They were the quintessential couple. His mother wore a knee length dress that buttoned up to her neck, and his father wore a suit and tie. As a writer, he doesn’t leave the house much, but he dressed like a businessman anyway. This, Castiel presumed, was probably a way for Chuck to show him what a real man should be. A proper man, a good husband. Castiel wore a wrinkled white shirt, and a loose blue tie.
Then, he looked over at Castiel. Castiel instantly felt naked, like Dean was looking past any walls he held up, and nerves he had. Dean had a way of looking at people like that. He saw them, really saw them. Castiel swallowed.
Dean got off of Castiel and collapsed heavily onto the ground next to him, his breathing uneven. “That was…”
“What?” Winchester said. Then, seeing Castiel’s nerves clearly written on his face, he softened. “I’m messing with you. I go by Dean by the way.”
Castiel wore a coat his brother bought him as a gift for getting into West Point: a tan trench coat. It settled around his body like a bird’s wings. He felt sheltered, despite being just a layer away from the outside world.
“I think…um…it would be best,” Dean paused for a long time, like he was contemplating something. His throat bobbed. “I don’t wanna push you.” It was a whisper.
Coming back from midtown, he instantly got on the subway line that took him all the way to the other end of Greenwich. He wanted to see Dean.
The plan was simple: find an apartment. Perhaps if he had his own place then he could unpack his brain, spread out his thoughts across several rooms, store some in the kitchen cupboards, or tuck some under a bed.
Claire jumped for joy then ran into the women’s bathroom. Castiel sighed and leaned back against the opposite wall. He stared at the sign.
Castiel just stared at him closely, and Dean looked down at his cigarette until he gave in and met Castiel’s eyes. He gave him a soft smile. Then, his eyes lit up and his smile widened. “Wanna hear something funny?”
He’s been packing his things for a while now, leaving Jimmy’s things in a neat pile in the corner and slowly packing a suitcase. He packed in small increments every day in order to not scare his mother and make her realize he intended to move out soon.
When he saw Castiel cross the bar, however, Dean perked up. “Cas,” he said. “Jesus, I thought Charlie was never gonna let you go.”
“Want coffee, Cas?” If Castiel didn’t know better, he’d say Dean’s cheeks looked pink. But it was probably from the steam coming off of the stove.
Claire grabbed his hand and seemed to look as absolutely enchanted with the scene as much as he probably did. Her eyes were wide, and he could see the fire reflected within them, burning slowly.
Castiel helped Dean just like he did in April, their backs occasionally pressing up against each other’s. Castiel poured beers and Dean made fancy cocktails.
Castiel started to laugh, mostly from nerves but also from the ridiculousness of it all. “An hour? And I didn’t notice?”
“What else is there to know? Chuck’s leaving our lives,” Michael said. “Now if you’ll excuse me, I have my wife and kids to care for. Only one set of them I might add.”
“Goodnight, Castiel,” Amelia said. “Maybe you can come visit soon now that you’re back in the city.”
Castiel looked down at his hands. The sentence felt like rocks in his stomach. “I thought this would be easier.”
“I’m staying over,” Charlie said. She nodded to Jo, “She is too. We are way too drunk to get back to our places.”
Castiel dropped his eyes to his cigarette, and took a small pull from it, feeling like he was imploring. “Are you queer?” he asked.
He sucked it up and descended all the stairs he had just climbed, grabbed Crowley’s keys on the dead center of his desk, then ascended the stairs once more.
After breakfast, the three of them walked down the street a couple blocks and entered a parking lot. The parking lot was decently run-down with uneven asphalt, potholes, and rusted up cars. Castiel felt it was some kind of joke when Dean insisted he had a car, and that any second the two brothers were going to turn around, burst into laughter at Castiel’s confused expression, and then head up to Penn Station.
Castiel instantly smiled like an idiot. Claire was so young, too young to realize that it was usually frowned upon for Castiel to feel the way he does for Dean. Children were always the ones who were the most accepting, the most loving. It made him happy that she was going to grow up and be a kind person. His chest filled with pride.
Castiel ignored the pang he felt in his chest. “No,” Castiel pulled out a bottle of bleach from the back of the cabinet below the sink. “It won’t be ruined.”
Everyone was drinking far too much. There was a roaring fire, and a huge tree. People clapped along and sang to the upbeat Christmas songs Castiel had to play.
“What’s wrong?” Dean asked. He was cleaning one of the circular tables in the middle of the bar, his glass of whiskey in one hand and a towel in the other.
wasn’t much better. “No, um, Claire is my niece. I um, I have to take care of her now. It’s- may we go somewhere else?”
He got in his car and moved it up a block, turning right into an open spot in Turner’s garage. Out front, there were a couple cars stripped down to their frames, and a tall black man communing with customers. He didn’t give him a second glance as Castiel parked his car and killed the engine. The man waved the customers goodbye and then walked over to Castiel’s car. Castiel started panicking, as he realized he had no excuse for being here.
Charlie’s store was quite busy that day, and Castiel loved to see the crowd congesting the store. It was so loud when he walked in that he couldn’t even hear if any music was playing. He looked down to see if Claire was afraid of the noise, but she looked incredibly calm. She instantly looked over at the record player playing a song low enough that they couldn’t hear it, and she placed her finger on the spinning record, feeling the grooves.
Naomi stayed silent for a long while, and Castiel just listened to her uneven breaths. “I’m sorry,” she said. “I- sometimes I say things I just- I don’t-”
“How about, now here me out,” Ellen said. She walked around the counter and stood next to Castiel. She whipped her towel over her shoulder. “Swayze’s Bar. Huh? Lee might like you.”
“Who cares, Dean,” Charlie said, glowering at Dean while she said his name. “Not everyone parties and chases women like you do.”
Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Dean sit up as well. Then, as if it was the most casual thing in the world, Dean leaned against him. Their shoulders were heavy against one another, and Castiel’s heart instantly hammered in his chest. He wanted to melt into Dean entirely.
He guided Claire over to where kids her age or a bit older were leaning over the side of a glass tank, their fingers gliding through the water. Claire ran ahead and peered inside. Castiel read the sign by the touch pool. It said
Dean gave Castiel a bright smile then gestured towards the piano like a butler. “By all means, Mozart,” Dean said fondly, and Castiel tried to hide a smile.
Claire went to go sit down on the couch, and she tried to put her feet up on Castiel’s bed, but she couldn’t reach. She watched Castiel and the piano with a vague spark of interest. It gave Castiel a thrill to know she was at least paying attention to him. She hadn’t been interested in much these days, nor talked.
He got up out of bed and tried desperately to flatten down his bedhead. He stumbled into the kitchen and Dean finally turned around to greet him. Dean was wearing a white apron that said
Castiel followed Ellen to the counter. He shed his coat and placed it on the stool next to him then sat and pressed his forehead to the table.
Castiel began to pack up his things in his old childhood room. He had shared the room with Jimmy for most of his life and truthfully, it was more Jimmy’s than his. just how his whole life was more Jimmy’s than his sometimes. Jimmy was the outgoing one, the even-tempered one, the good mannered, the godly one. Jimmy had three bibles on their shared bookshelf. One he marked up with blue pen, one he brought everywhere when he wanted to reread it, and one kept in pristine condition with golden sides and a thin pink ribbon bookmark.  Castiel’s side of the shelf had Albert Camus, Dostoyevsky, Hemingway, and Oscar Wilde.
Gabriel went on to his routine, which was all fresh and new to the people on the east coast. He talked about his kids, and his wife. He talked about the traffic in LA and all the celebrities he sees; he talked about how smelly New York was these days.
He swallowed hard, pushing down nerves in the pit of his stomach, and began to play with his left hand.
They arrived close to noon, and the sun was high in the sky. Bobby was waiting for them at the station, leaning against his truck, with his hat tugged low on his face. He greeted them happily, and on the drive to his house, Claire introduced herself. Castiel was amazed at the little girl. How smart she was, how extroverted. He was surprised he was related to her, as he was never like this as a kid. He was quiet, and angry, and he wouldn’t be nice to people even if his parents scolded him. She got it all from Jimmy, and a lot from Amelia too.
Dean instantly looked shocked, and his hands tightened around the armrest of his chair. After a moment, Sam spotted him too. Sam’s face dropped, like Castiel was sad news, but then he plastered on a fake smile like it was practiced. He was tall and gangly in his chair, and he hovered over a huge book on the table before him.
need you. I need you home with me. And I know I can’t control you. I just wish I could. I wish…well, I wish circumstances were different.”
Daphne was a kind woman. She was a nurse working at a children’s hospital. She talked highly of her parents. She mentioned her studies in Colombia University. She said please and thank you and she smiled at Castiel like he was the sweetest man on earth.
When Castiel didn’t answer, Dean continued. “Why did you drop out of West Point? Like for real. Cause it can’t just be to play piano.”
Dean just shrugged and pulled out a cigarette, lit it up and breathed out the smoke. Castiel breathed in.
Come to think of it, Castiel hadn’t checked how he looked all morning, and he probably looked insane. He made his bed, which looked ridiculous in the living room but had to do. He dusted every surface. He even moped the floor. He kneeled down and took a quick peak at his reflection in the glass stove and tried to flatten down his hair.
Dean turned then, and Castiel thought it must have been a coincidence because he didn’t think he had been that loud. Dean must have heard him. His eyes filled with concern, and his expression dropped.
Dean didn’t push any further, electing instead to just observe the people in the subway car: the businessmen arriving home late from work, the young couples coming home from dinner, the homeless man who seemed to be riding the subway endlessly on a loop.
Castiel repositioned Claire and set her on his shoulders. She propped her elbows on the top of his head, and the little sharp bones dug in.
“That squeaking noise in your car is probably fine. Just don’t ride the breaks on the way home,” Dean said as he changed into jeans and tugged on his boots.
He took Claire to all the usual spots he used to love. The room filled to the top with tropical fish, the tank of jelly fish, the shark section. Castiel must have stood for ten minutes straight, looking at the jelly fish floating around under the light. He stared until Claire yanked on his sleeve. “I wanna see the place where you can touch the icky fish!”
Claire fell asleep with her head on Castiel’s lap after they boarded the train and ate their sandwiches. Dean sat across from him, occasionally bumping his legs into his to remind him of his presence. Castiel’s mind was still reeling from their kiss in the field, and Dean still had faint green grass stains on his t-shirt. They stayed in comfortable silence, watching the world outside slowly fade into darkness as the lights blurred with the speed of the train.
“She loves you, Dad,” Jimmy said. “We are just busy with school and work and all,” Jimmy said. Castiel knows his twin well enough to know that he’s lying to know that Claire doesn’t visit often because Jimmy doesn’t want Chuck’s grumpiness to rub off on her in any way. Chuck just grunted and stabbed a piece of bowtie pasta with his fork.
The woman seemed to turn sympathetic. “Oh, I’m so sorry to hear that,” she then smiled and held out her hand, letting go of one of her boys. “I’m Kelly Kline.”
They walked down the street. Dean stayed silent, and the sun dropped beyond the distant buildings. Castiel wondered if people were watching them from their houses, wondering why they were walking in the middle of the road, knowing their secrets. The densely residential, suburban-type area made Castiel’s skin crawl. Too many empty spaces, not enough light. It was getting cold, and the sky was gray.
It took a moment to register what he said, but then Castiel nodded. Another moment, then: “Wait, no. I haven’t. I’ll…” he tapered out and then glided off the stool and across to the stage. He bent down and snatched up the hat, where he saw a wad of cash inside. He pocketed it.
During the rest of the night, as the group got drunker and drunker, a stack of Elvis records had been played through and now the first one was playing again. Sam and his friends were playing charades and Dean, Castiel, Jo and Charlie were sprawled out on the old red couch in the living room, watching them play and laughing their asses off. Jo had her head on Dean’s shoulder and maybe it was the alcohol, maybe it was the truth of how Castiel felt, but dammit, he was jealous. Charlie had her legs swung over the three of them and was twirling a wine glass in her hand like she was royalty.
“Friday,” Castiel murmured. Dean was standing so close, and Castiel was unabashedly looking in his eyes, throwing all self-preservation and dignity out the window.
Dean opened his mouth, then leaned forward and pushed Castiel’s shoulder playfully. “Fuck you then!”
he said frantically into the phone. Mount- something. There’s a hospital there. He was transferred to the hospital. He had no idea how he knew his brother was there, but he knew.
“They’re so lame,” Dean said then took another small sip of beer. “Sam’s been looking for this book for a while about monsters or something. Bobby used to teach a class about old American folk lore and stuff. Well, before he moved here.”
“This it, sir?” The cab driver asked. Castiel hadn’t noticed that the car had stopped at the curb. The man repeated himself. “Sir?”
Dean laughed and went to go root into the fridge again. He resurfaced with a beer, dripping in condensation.
But he couldn’t stop listening to it. It was so uncharacteristically Dean. Dean, who was so put together, fond of strong whiskey, wouldn’t be caught dead relishing such a sappy song. Such a slow, sappy song. It was almost ironic, like some joke Dean was trying to pull. Around the fifth and a half time it played, Castiel just started laughing. It was like his whole goddamn life sputtered out on the table in front of him, being spun by the record machine.
Castiel stopped talking abruptly, and started to shiver. Although, he wasn’t sure if it was from the cold or because of how nervous he felt. Dean looked at him with such a calm expression.
Castiel remembered. When Claire was born eight years ago, after Amelia’s healthy and happy pregnancy at only the age of sixteen, Castiel was the third to hold her. Jimmy was a religious man, apparently not religious enough to “wait till marriage”, but Castiel ignored the contradiction.
They spent the next couple hours playing cards and telling jokes. Sam turned in around two and Dean promised, with a shit eating grin, that they would be quiet. Only to yell out another joke after Sam’s door closed.
“Gonna miss her,” Dean said while pouring Castiel a beer from the tap. “The little squirt grew on me.”
Castiel felt like he was going to burst. He looked around. Lucifer was still cradling his nose with his fingers, whisking away any drops of blood that trickled out. Michael was waiting impatiently and gazing out the window. And Castiel felt like he was on fire and no one was seeing it.
Simple as that. He never thought there was something wrong with him, and although he felt like he should be ashamed, he could never bring himself to be.
ave. My parents do have a bit of money. I come from a long line of rich folks who pretty much struck gold in the 1800s by owning a publishing business and my dad is a writer. Have you heard of Carver Edlund?”
Dean smiled and went to the fridge where he pulled out two beers and cracked open each of them with a metal ring on his finger. He handed one to Castiel, and he took it gratefully.
“For breakfast,” Dean yelled from the kitchen. Castiel looked over to see Dean near the stove, steam flowing to the ceiling, and the sizzling drowning out their voices. “We got eggs, bacon, pancakes, sausage. A whole Sunday morning feast.”
Then, Dean looked forward and bolted ahead. Castiel stared in shock for a minute as Dean ran down the path further into the woods. He saw his hair shake a bit in the wind and his back muscles work, his leg muscles, his ass.
Finally, Castiel found the will to speak, “My…” he couldn’t say it. “Dean, it’s not- how can I fix this?”
When he finished, he dropped his hands to his lap, and sat quietly, letting the sound finish vibrating through the apartment.
Castiel looked down at wonder at the money in the hat, then opened his wallet and packed the money away carefully. “Thank you,” he said.
Dean pushed him lightly against the back of the closet door, and his lips found his. They kissed slow and loose; the sounds of their lips parting drove Castiel crazy and he already felt himself getting hard. He wanted Dean more than he could even think, and his hands went everywhere- over the muscles of his arms, over the tightness of his shoulder blades. His fingers splayed over the bolt of his jaw and down his neck; over his collar bones and then smoothed over his chest. He brushed over his nipples through his shirt and Dean gasped into his mouth. Castiel worked that for a bit, playing Dean like an instrument, running his hands over places he knew would draw out a reaction.
Ellen rolled her eyes at him. “Look kid, I want to help you. I really do. But this place is just not a place for a piano player or whatever.”
Dean came back around and handed Castiel a grey Henley shirt that looked incredibly soft and worn in over the years. “Thank you,” Castiel said. “I…um. I’ll return this later.”
The group watched the glass settle, and then just gazed at the broken shards. “I’ll go get a towel,” Bobby said, and he retreated to his house.
There was no one around. And it was risky, but Castiel didn’t care. Screw society. Screw the rules. He knew him and Dean deserved this and more. They deserved the world after what the world had put them through.
His attention went back to Daphne when she moved away her hand. She got up slowly from Castiel’s bed and smoothed out her dress.
One thing remained between them, to remind them of their silent devotion to one another. Dean would request songs, and Castiel would strictly avoid whatever song he requested until Dean least expected it. He’d look at Dean then, and see the smile spread on his face- knowing that he was thinking about their day in the sun.
