"Phillip," Sherlock said then, and John wasn't sure how to respond.
"Then I asked since he was a detective, if he could help me if I got arrested.  He said that he might be able to help me if I did.  Then he asked why I was worried about it."
"Yeah. It's their first name."
"Well, I've got an anniversary coming up, too," Peter said after a period of silence. "Next week it'll have been one year since the last hospitalization." The group gave him another round of applause. John wondered what it must be like in that relationship if that was a milestone.
"Can you tell me one of the things that would happen if you didn't?"  John wondered if there was something more fragile than cobwebs; if their previous talk had been spun from those, this seemed to be something more careful still.  He steered them both back to the couch.  After he sat down, Sherlock blankly followed suit.
“I would like to speak to the father of the girl taken into care.”  His eyes briefly scanned the room before focusing again on his chest.
"Yes, she was."
"The one in the books or the one in the old movies?  Or the new movies?  Or maybe the BBC series from the Eighties?"  He came to stand next to them.
"We've already been there twice. I want to hear the end of the book," protested Kieran.
"Yes. It was an accident, though."
"No.  She didn't even come with me.  That was the end of it, or so I thought at the time."
"As far as I can tell."  She sounded more confident now, like the businesslike examination had calmed her.  She walked over to a cupboard and pulled out a syringe and a blood vial.  "I'll assume you're no worse of a stick than Sherlock is."  She rolled up one of his sleeves and tapped his arm before wiping it with a piece of cotton wool.
By the time John had come out of his angry haze, he heard Lou say, "The prosecution calls Moira Aherne."  He looked up to see a court usher escorting Moira to the witness stand.  She wore a dress, the first time John had ever seen her in one, and with her free arm clutched Brownie tightly to her chest.  Before sitting down, she looked out at the crowd.  John remembered that she knew he'd be there and smiled in what he hoped was an encouraging manner.  She must have seen him, because a smile flickered across her face as she sat down.
John shot him an odd look, but went back to his food.  "You can have the telly to watch if you want it."
"Correct."
John realized in that second she was not trying to convince him all of it was consensual at all, but rather to humiliate Sherlock enough that he wouldn’t be able to talk about any of this.  Not that he did now, but he was at least able to talk about Phillip.  Even now Sherlock continued to tremble, and he seemed terrified in a way John had never seen before.
"That's where I'm going, then," Sherlock said in a hoarse whisper.
"You're free to head home," he told them, still sneaking glances at the bee under Sherlock's arm.
"I asked if he wanted me to ask him about it."  Sherlock went on to describe the first conversation he had had with Phillip.  "The whole interview was tape-recorded, so I presume that you've heard it."  A few people chuckled, but Harvey merely gave Sherlock a cold stare.
"No, it's fine.  I'm just not very hungry."  This body was skinnier than he'd been in his attic days, and that was saying a lot, but Martin doubted that even in his own body he'd have much of an appetite.
He turned so his eyes were on John, but still there was no focus.  "Yes, I know, I'm sorry.  No no no no no!  I wasn't dreaming about him!  It was you!"
"Both of them."  Sherlock turned to face the wall.  "Dr.  Arthur is the only one to name a specific person as a suspect, even though the girl didn't name one.  I am curious about what led him to do so."
"We can deal with it," reassured Susan.  They had reached the street then and went their separate ways.
"I first suspected when I talked to Phillip for the first time.  Then he rang me that night."  Sherlock turned his head to the side, away from John, and stared off into the distance.  "He tried his best to conceal anything that might give away Her identity, but he slipped and called Her 'She' on one occasion.  That was when I knew."  Another pause.  "Of course even then I had no concrete evidence it was indeed Her.  But I knew and just had to confirm it.  Everything I later found would point towards Her."
"Not uncommon as a result of prolonged abuse.  It's easier to accept that somehow one's badness makes those things happen rather than the more frightening truth that there's no reason for it.  I assume the family situation was bad as well?"  John couldn't make himself respond to that, so she continued on.  "Predators know very well the children from the most neglectful or abusive families are the best targets."
"Sherlock! You can't just walk in there and start questioning her! Anyway, it's a Saturday, and I imagine her family will be there most of the day." John wished he hadn't brought the subject up. He couldn't imagine how Moira would feel being questioned by someone who never bothered with typical social niceties.
"Think of what it would be like if you didn't have any of those things," she said evenly.  She continued to look him in the eye.  She must have caught some flicker of suspicion, so she added: "No, I'm not talking about myself.  Sherlock's the one who didn't have those things, or at least some of them."
"Did the woman notice?"
"How could you have kept all that hurt in you for so long?  You didn't tell anyone, ever.  What made you keep quiet?"  The tears were a little less frequent now, and while his voice was still thick he no longer had to gasp for breath after every word.  "I know that you told your friend, but you didn't really tell him anything he hadn't guessed."
"Yeah.  I thought I should tell you that.  I didn't want to say too much before because I didn't want Her to think that I'd told someone about Her."  Another pause.  "Anyway, that day was really a bad one.  My maths teacher said she didn't know if she could pass me and my history teacher caught me drawing in class and he said I'd never amount to anything.  Sometimes right after school She'd be outside and that was one of those days.  That was good to me because I felt so bad.  I shut my eyes and She drove me to the flat and we went inside.  We hadn't seen each other in a while and She took me right to the bedroom and started taking my clothes off."  He stopped there for a moment, probably because he was embarrassed.  "That's something She always liked to do.  Said it was like unwrapping a present.  Then She took Her clothes off and lay down on the bed.  Um.  I... She told me to, uh, use my tongue.  Until then I always did what She said but everything had been so bad recently that I told Her I just wanted to cuddle first.  I told you before about that.  After we did whatever She wanted us to do we'd cuddle and hug and when I was real little She'd let me sit in Her lap.  I didn't think it was that bad to ask because I'd always done what She told me before.  But She got mad and told me to do it.  Said that if I didn't She'd never let me go.  I knew then I should just do it but I just stood there.  That just made Her more mad and She stood up and grabbed my arm.  I was scared then and I tried to get out of Her hands and to the door.  Then She pulled me back so my arm was behind my back, and She's strong, you know.  That's when I felt the bone break.  I fell to the ground and She picked me up by the shoulders, punched me, and threw me back on the bed."
"No idea," she said matter-of-factly.  "My mystery tenant is there."
"And that was that?"
"I'll be over as fast as I can.  Baker Street, right?"
John wasn't sure how he managed to hear it, since the door wasn't particularly noisy.  But he did hear the faint creak of a door opening and he looked towards the back of the court, wondering why someone would be coming in when the trial was ongoing.  A man stood in the doorway.  He scanned the courtroom, and scowled.  He shut the door and vanished.  While that was strange enough, what really stood out to him was the man's black hair hanging in his eyes.  It took him only a second to make the connection.
“Phillip,” he said as he put it to his ear.  “No, you didn’t wake me up.  I told you before I don’t sleep much.”  He started walking down the hall, away from the office.
The man's whole bearing softened. "Come out of here and get something to wear. I'll lend you my mobile in a minutes."
"I pled guilty," Mrs. Bena said, her voice becoming stronger.  "I'd done it and I knew I had done it.  Nothing else to do, really.  I got three years."  She looked directly at the audience.  "When I got in there I had to go to a drug program.  Part of the routine.  Michael wrote me several times.  He was seeing Jennifer twice a week and was doing all those things to get her back.  I was happy for that, really, because Michael's a good man."
"I didn't sleep at all last night," he admitted.
"I think so.  Rape of a child is life."  John nibbled at a biscuit.  "I think it's the same even if it's not a child."
"Why?"
"How are you?"
Dr. Dodson then spoke up. "Let's go around the group and see how everyone else is doing. Mari?"
“I can’t just do it the normal way. I had to try something,” he whispered.
"I'd have started to evict them if they weren't."
“Sort of.”
"Yeah, she did."
"Was there anything more indirect she mentioned?"
"No, it does not," he firmly replied.
"How long did you spend in London?"
"St. Bart's.  The clinic there."  Phillip shrank down in his chair as he spoke.
Finally, unable to stand the quiet any longer, John said, "Are you going to wherever that flat is today? And are you just going there?  It might be a good idea to talk to the landlord before doing anything else.  At least you should call whoever it is after finding the building."
"Everyone who writes about it seems so shocked."  She paused.  "Have you noticed that every five years or so there's another 'shocking child abuse' case?  Some horrible story comes out and everyone is surprised at how awful the abuser was and how can this happen and they didn't realize how bad abuse could get?"
"They said it was too sensitive a matter. You know that you can be…abrasive…" He trailed off, unable to continue his line of thought.
"Sherlock William Scott Holmes," he said in a hoarse whisper.
Moira shook her head. "No. He likes balls and rope toys but doesn't chew on my stuffed toys. They're all on the other side of the bed anyway." She paused. "Do you have a dog?"
Something dawned on Phillip; he stepped forward and took the frog.   He held it to his chest, then looked up at his father.  "Allegro?" he said hesitantly.
"Yes, your Honor," Susan said.
"Is it all right for me to be back in here now? Dierdre and Kieran are getting restless."
"She asked if we could talk again once she was out of the hospital, and her father was willing to allow that." He gave a smug grin and John felt momentarily relieved that he was apparently back to his normal self. While it had been good to see Sherlock was able to question a child about sensitive subjects it had also been somewhat surreal. He never bothered to try to get along with anyone before, so what made this situation different? Maybe he was one of those people who didn't consider children part of the human race, bad from most people but from Sherlock that would be a twisted compliment. "Now, what are you doing here? Have you come to question the child again and in the process get various forms of denial and stonewalling? That's all you'll ever get, by the way."
That wasn't specific at all, but John realized then that Sherlock was trying to avoid saying certain words.  "Are you asking me why I enjoy sex?"
"Yes.  Somewhat.  After a few weeks I was pretty sure that her parents weren't the ones who had assaulted her.  She wasn't afraid of them and she never mentioned them being abusive.  There was some obvious neglect on her mother's part.  Jennifer said she slept a lot and would forget to make meals.  Her father seemed more capable of taking care of her."
"No. No one. I'm not familiar with enough people in the area to know anyone well, though." He paused to swallow. "Moira's shy and she's had some trouble since we moved from Donegal. She's had trouble making friends, so there isn't anyone that you could focus on the family members."
He did. "I think it would be good for you if you said it."
A new, mysterious case
"Why did you run away?" Sherlock asked.
"No," he muttered, moving his arm so the list was now clearly visible.
“I’m sure you’ll be able to get something from someone you talk to.”
“There is a well-known numbers station in existence that also uses the exact same elements – a music box playing
"How long did you have to do that?"
"You neglected to mention that the admitting doctor said outright he suspected you had abused your daughter."  Harvey grinned like this was her ultimate trump card.
This wasn't what Martin wanted to hear.  "I was sleeping," he said, like that would create an answer even though John knew it already.
It was only when the punch came at him that he realized the man had taken it as some sort of commentary on age gaps in relationships and not that he'd been acting like a parent.  Sherlock was quick enough to bring up his arm and deflect the blow, using his other arm to make a fist and bring it within inches of the man's chin.  It was harder than usual, and he mentally cursed being stuck in a short body.  "Don't try that again."
"You said that you weren't telling the truth when you couldn't think of someone who had done it.  Who did you think had done it?"
"Are they even allowed to do that?"
John sighed. "There's no case now. You have no excuse not to eat."
"About a month later.  I had gone to the house of one of my suppliers and there was a raid."
"Describe how you felt."
John widened his eyes.  "That's going to be expensive."
"Yes," Susan said.  She and Lou exchanged a look.  "Anything else you'd like to mention to us?" she asked Sherlock, not looking like she was going to get an answer.  Sherlock shook his head.  "Then we won't intrude any more on your weekend."  They walked back towards the door, grabbed their umbrellas, and left.
"Some toast, yeah."  This seemed to pacify him and he even ate a slice of toast and half a cup of coffee before heading out to get dressed.  Just as he had promised, he was dressed and sitting on the sofa before Lou and Susan arrived.  Hamish was hidden behind him.
"I'm not sure what you mean."  Sherlock looked at her with confusion.
"What you said. Last night."
“Rory’d get a meatball,” she said into his chest.
For the first few nights after Sherlock's combination nightmare/flashback, John had waited for Sherlock to ask him to sleep in his bed again.  He always said yes.  After a few nights of this, John took the initiative and asked if Sherlock was still okay with this.  "It's fine," was all he would ever say.  After a few weeks, John didn't ask one night and merely came up to Sherlock's room shortly after he and Hamish had gone upstairs.  Sherlock didn't object and the next morning he stated, "Consider the current state default unless I say otherwise," a typically Sherlockian response.  Sharing a bed with someone who you were sexually attracted to, who themselves had admitted being romantically interested in you, and still not having any sex or intimacy was odd to John.  He'd shared a bed with nonrelated people before, but there it had been more along the lines of endless complaints about who was taking up the most room.  Since Sherlock always held Hamish in his arms the two of them didn't touch at all.  Their heads were close to each other, but their lower bodies stayed far away.
"Yes, he always has, even before we moved here. He's supposed to sleep on the floor but recently she's been letting him sleep in her bed. I've told her he's not allowed up there but she hasn't listened."
"I did," Moira said angrily.
"Congratulations. Gloria?"
"I do."
"I had come over earlier to spend the day with Moira.  After we'd eaten dinner a man who worked with the Yard came to talk to her.  It wasn't much, but she seemed a lot more willing to speak to him than anyone else.  When he left I asked her about him and she said that he didn't make it seem like she had to tell him everything 'or else.'  I said the officers were only trying to help her, and she said they still seemed mean."
"If K's Kelly Gene Martin, then yes, she's here.  I've made some more calls and Mr. Aherne and Moira will be coming down to the Yard tomorrow for a line-up.  The Rodgers boy will also have to pick her out.  Without an ID all we've got is the fraud charges.  If this is the right person, then we're going to search the house and the flat you and Sherlock found, amongst other things."  Even he sounded surprised, even though he had worked with law enforcement for so long and had clearly seen many horrible crimes.  It was quickly becoming more and more accurate that, as Sherlock said, "people always assume."
"Will you be there watching?" she asked hopefully.
"Did you ever disagree about things?"
Sherlock spends the day with Arthur.
Phillip looked like he was trying to come up with a response that wasn't the obvious, "She's lying."  After several seconds of silence he said: "I told you what happened."
"Correct.  It doesn't shut down until nothing's in session."
"Was that what you thought was happening with Phillip Rodgers?"
In a few seconds Sherlock would be out of sight.  John knew he had to act now, so he grabbed his mobile and gun, pulled his coat on, and ran out the door to shadow him.
"Good."
"Thank you, Mr. Aherne. I'm sure we can come visit again once Moira's out of here. Hopefully this will all be helpful." John shook his hand before he settled back into the same chair he sat in before, picking up the book he had been reading before.
Once again Sherlock thought it was best to change the subject. "What do you tell your psychiatrist?"
"It could have been."
"He's worried about you."
"We have not been in communication since the last call you witnessed," was Sherlock's reply.
"There are guards there that will stop her if she tries to do that," Lestrade said reassuringly.
"Yes it would," John retorted.  "At the very least you could tell them that she's doing the same things with Phillip she did with you, even to the point of telling him the same lies."  Sherlock's eyes widened, and he looked away before curling up on himself.  "That's why you tell people you're a sociopath, isn't it?  She told you that you were a sexual psychopath just like she told Phillip."  John didn't know for sure that was the case, but if Phillip had merely told him what he'd been called before he wouldn't have been so anxious about it.  He'd even had the same sort of look on his face from when Phillip had mentioned he'd been made to abuse other children: a painful sort of understanding.
"What do you mean by that?"
"I think so, but she isn't saying much to me.  Not eating much either, just the occasional banana or apple or package of crisps."  Rodney looked down, smoothing his spiked hair with one hand.
He took his time eating and came back to the courtroom only a few minutes before the session began again.  Phillip was led back up to the stand by the usher.  He still looked pale, but there was a look of determination on his face.
"She is an adult.  You are a child," Sherlock firmly replied.  His hand hadn't left Phillip's shoulder.
"Other tenants said they sometimes heard things there.  Muffled voices."
"Did you live near the school where they both taught?"
He nodded.  "Yeah. It was something She promised me all the time."
True to his word, John was back in ten minutes, after eight minutes of crying, one of punching a pillow, and one of quickly washing his face off before he went back downstairs.  Sherlock was still sitting on the couch; while he wasn't looking at anything, he hadn't curled up on himself again.  He did look up when John came into the room.  If he was able to deduce John had been crying he didn't say anything about it.  For a variety of reasons, John was quite good at crying silently, but one could never remove all the traces of it.
topped every twisted thing K had done at this point.
"What did you do then?"
"Because of what his mother said?"
“Actually, she did not leave the area for a month or so after the bee was taken away.  I was misled by my mother on that.”  He paused, his face twisted in pain.  “One of them was a single man that lived nearby us.  Mr. A lived on a large set of grounds where he would hold bonfire night celebrations and sometimes let children view the sky through a telescope he had.  He sold the house and left the area days before I came home from school.”
"His name was Victor Trevor.  He started at my secondary school when I was thirteen."  Sherlock turned his head to the side and looked like he had suddenly become very interested in a spot on the other arm of the couch.  "Everyone liked him.  He was good at academics and football, and he was friendly to everyone."
"Yes, it's perfectly normal to climax from repeated erotic dreams involving someone who's supposed to have been hurting you."  Sherlock didn't sound sarcastic, just sad.  "I'm such a pervert," he said after a moment.
"The doctor who gave me the money."
“John is not a fool.”  Both John and K turned to look at Sherlock, and John was amazed he was speaking at all.  There was a slight edge to his words that had been absent before.
That night was an eye-opener in many ways.  John had always mentally referred to the effects of K as Sherlock's Issues.  (Even then he almost laughed at how K had wound up making him use capital letters anyway.)  Somehow, despite the damage he'd seen inflicted upon Sherlock, he continued to believe it would all sort itself out.  When he woke up that morning alone in Sherlock's bed, however, he knew that was no longer the case.  Sherlock needed some form of professional help.  He thought about this as he showered, got dressed, and went downstairs to make breakfast.  The big problem was that Sherlock would never admit he needed professional help.  Even if he was made to go see some sort of therapist, he would likely be as obnoxious as possible so the therapist would refuse to see him again, or sit silently and stare at whoever was there.  Whenever he revealed something to John he'd retreat afterward.  True to form, he was nowhere to be found in the flat now.  And truthfully, John felt like he needed help as well.  So, he picked up his mobile and dialed one number he had hoped never to dial again.
"All right.  Jennifer, where do you live now?"
"How long was Jennifer in your care?"
"Yes."
"You're having a nightmare," John heard himself say.
"Thank you.  They'll be with the prosecution's solicitors tomorrow."
"Who's Alla Pinyakova?" John hadn't heard the name before and didn't know why Sherlock would know her.
"Have you tried to format it?" Sherlock asked.
"Now that you mention it, she's following me around the house a lot the last few months. She's asking me to read her something before bed, too. Since she hadn't made friends I thought she was just lonely." Mr. Aherne looked slightly puzzled, like he hadn't thought about this before.
"Jennifer Ogbeide-Bena will testify today. And Sagnik Malakar."  Sherlock sounded calmer than he had been in days.  John suspected this had to do with the fact he hadn't met either victim that would be testifying that day.
Sherlock heard the woman gasp. "He did what?" She spoke again after a few seconds (the man must have just nodded): "So where is Martin now?"
"Okay."
"Yes," Sherlock blankly replied.
"All right.  I'll say it's a police matter and hopefully he'll get back to you.  I'll see you on Monday?"  The last part had an unstated "if you're not running somewhere with Sherlock on a case" clearly attached.
"Did you notice anything unusual about it?"
"A bottle of Coke.  I bought them a lot in London because they were harder to find back home."  The crowd laughed.
"I don't have the slightest clue," Sherlock said, hoping the man would finally get the point.  He looked at Sherlock for a few moments and turned to leave.
"Tell me about the rest."
"Have you actually heard what most people say about the case?  Almost everyone who's mentioned it to me or I've heard discussing it think she should get off."  She must have seen the shock all over his face, because she added: "You see, with a case like this, people start looking right away for the man.  They assume that if she really did it, she'd been doing it for a man, or because a man told her to.  There have been cases where the woman's confessed to doing it on her own and people still assume she's covering for a man."
"Fourteen."
"You'd do anything she'd ask of you?" Harvey asked skeptically.
"Who?"
"Was the Yard happy with this?"
"Quite," said Sherlock, his voice flat.  "Do you need us for anything at the Yard or should we part ways here?"
Once he seemed sure that the whole family had left, Sherlock spoke again, still sounding neutral.  "That is why She's fostered so many twins, then.  The incest taboo is something those children are no doubt aware of.  While it would easily be possible to get any set of siblings to do so under the threat they will be separated if they do not, since they are aware that after coming into care their siblings are all the family they have left, twins and other multiple birth children are even more vulnerable because of their tendency to a closer relationship than ordinary siblings and even stronger desire to not be separated from others.  That close relationship is also what prevents them from speaking about what has occurred.  If both are unaware the other is also following a script and both truly believe they have forced their sibling into sexual activity, they fear being arrested for such as well as losing that sibling's love.  Finally the incest taboo is even stronger amongst them, and is the most effective deterrent against speaking She has."  His neutral look faded into a questioning one.  “I could have given them my number.  It would be easier for when I speak with them again.”
As she made her way back to the defense table Susan strode up to the stand.  "The prosecution calls Ruth Murray," she said.  Mrs. Murray was led in by an usher.  Despite barely standing at five feet, she carried herself in a very large, don't mess with me way.  Her gray hair was short and her oatmeal colored blouse and blue skirt shone as if they were new.  She sat down at the stand, but not before shooting K a dirty look.
"You should sleep in your room tonight."  Sherlock broke the silence even though he still faced the sofa back and not the room.  "I won't be sleeping for some time."
"I will see Her on trial.  I will see Her go to prison.  I will see Her face when Moira and Phillip tell the court exactly what She has done with them."  Sherlock sounded surprisingly matter-of-fact.  "Mycroft will not have to intervene."
Family always has to be ruled out in these cases, so I made a point to mention it. Only one of the other victims is taken to a hospital because a parent noticed something wrong, and with a lot of them there wouldn't be a person.
John almost wanted to tell him to stop talking. There was a note of anguish in his voice that he'd never heard coming from Mycroft before. Anyway, he doubted he would hear anything other than what he already suspected. He was as surprised as anyone else when he heard himself say, "Go on."
"And you don't have any family in London?"
Suddenly the computer seemed very distant. He felt like he was falling into a pit. His ears rang. Everything familiar was gone. His job, his friends, his home, his body, his life couldn't be found.
"Yes, but she also made it clear 'the doctor lady' was the same one that picked her up."
"You just can't convince him of it, can you?"
"A long time.  If Rory was with me we'd stay in the park but if he wasn't we usually went to Her flat."
"I did get a surprise.  She had this book about dogs with big photos of them and She let me look at it.  Then She said it was cold out here and wouldn't it be better if we went to Her flat?  Rory wasn't with me this time so I went."
“A numbers station.”
"Good afternoon, Mr. George," Victor replied in a cultured tone.  "I do hope you're well."
"Now you can get up." This was obvious even for someone who only knew planes got you from one place to another, as the plane had stopped and the man was undoing his belt.
hat."
"I get to see a psychiatrist too.  Once a week.  He's nice."  She still smiled as she said this, but some of the cheer had left her.  "Sometimes he talks to me dad too and once even Kieran came in.  We talk and play games."
"You are supposed to walk Rory?"
Mr. Rodgers closed the distance between them and embraced him.  Within a minute both son and father were crying.  Phillip kept saying under his breath, "Why didn't you come get me, Daddy?"
URL not found.
"I did."
"Hello," John said.
“Let me show you!”  He pulled out a rather battered looking mobile and spent a few minutes scrolling through pictures.  “No, that’s Herc with the cows at the ice cream place.  No, that’s Skip and Douglas.  Oh, here they are!”  He turned the phone to face Sherlock and showed him a picture of a dog jumping over a hurdle.  Then he proceeded to show him a series of pictures – in one, a dog weaved through a set of poles, one had a dog in a small tunnel, one had the dog climbing a v-shaped frame, and one even had a dog on a see-saw.
“I was scared.  Mum was already gone,” his daughter whispered into his chest.
"You can't join us for breakfast, since Victim Five's family is there, but if you want something from the stash I can get it."
"All he said at first was that she'd been hurt.  Social services rang me a little later and told me more."
"It's good she's got a supportive family," Lestrade responded.  "It will be less hard for her."  He swallowed.  "Sherlock, I know you have Phillip's number, or at least he has yours, and if he doesn't try to reach you in the next twenty-four hours I'd like you to get a hold of him.  He likes you and he'll need to pick out someone from the lineup too."  Discomfort was evident on his face, and John imagined that he was thinking of his own children.
"Actually, yes, I have.  I get another error message.  'This drive cannot be formatted.'  Since I'm not using it to run the computer that doesn't make any sense either."
"Not now," Phillip said quietly.
"How did you know I was left-handed?" His voice was almost a whisper, a low voice that wouldn't attract attention.
"How are you doing?"
“Yes I do,” John sharply replied.  “Very much so.”
"Yes."  At this point Sherlock was almost doubled over the stuffed toy.  He repositioned himself so he was now on his side, still wrapped around the bee.
Enjoy!
“Don’t worry, it won’t hurt you, just a little injection to help you out, don’t worry about it.”
Well, you should probably just read it.
With growing horror, I realized there were some sort of metal shackles around my ankles and wrists, and a collar on my neck. Not connected to anything at the moment, but the threat behind them loomed in the darkest corners of my imagination.
My chest tightens at the thought.
Moriarty decided he wanted my attention.
It’s a trap. It has to be.
But Allie, poor, drugged, disoriented Allie, won’t know until it’s too late.
Sherlock is wild.
I latched onto a camera, stared into its lens.
Finally I glanced at him, only to find him staring right at me.
Any other deductions or assumptions to be drawn from the video could more easily have been tampered with than the others, though Mycroft did caution than we could guarantee no truth when dealing with Moriarty. We can’t even bet on his making demands in exchange for her. Still, these conclusions gave us a place to start, with a narrowed search area and a relatively visible and well-known person to track down.
(See the end of the chapter for
Here's another. This is pretty short, sorry, but I just can't resist the opportunity for a dramatic chapter ending and...well, I suppose you have to read it for yourself. Shouldn't take long. Ah well, it is what it is (see what I did there? No? Never mind...). Enjoy!
In. Out.
“She would be safe.”
His fingers dug into my skin.
“So, Allie, when I ask if you’re feeling quite comfortable, you…?”
(For example: does anyone want to take a look at Allie's mind palace? Does anyone think that she shouldn't have one?)
If only I’d succeeded.
I was wrapped in a sheet and comforter, both well made, and lying on a bed. Four poster, by my line of sight. I shuddered at the implications of these facts, coupled with the realization I was wearing exactly nothing. My throat felt...odd, I couldn’t quite place it.
It’s our bloody fault.
Wait.
That bastard.
That is all!
After he injected her with whatever drug he uses, he unlocked her collar from the chain. Didn’t remove the lock, no; left it there, as though it was still connecting the two. She would have to check it to tell.
Opening it.
I nodded.
Enjoy!
A grin spread across his face. My terror must have been clear as day to him.
When at last he waltzed over to the door in the corner and disappeared behind it, I took a breath.
Alright so here's a terrible summary, sorry I'm really bad at writing brief summations:
It’s taken us minutes to recover, I don't know how many, but what I do know is Allie is gone and getting further and further away with every passing second.
We wait a handful of minutes before they appear in the doorway of the aircraft. Allie is over Moran’s shoulder, once again stripped down to nothing but her shackles. Just another week and those would be off. Another two and she would be able to talk.
After being relieved of all clothing in transport, the cool night air stung my skin and made my eyes water. I was dragged again, from the car to a jet, stumbling and taking every opportunity to delay. I knew once I was on that jet, it was likely I’d never come back.
When he did nothing else but cover her with blankets before leaving, it returned.
Allie, poor Allie, strong Allie, winced a little each time, sagged a little more.
There you have it. Chapter four. Poor...everyone. Except Moriarty and Sebastian. F*** them.
Connected to one of the loops was a sturdy chain.
But now, as Allie finally begins to move, as twilight descends, I figure out what I’m certain the Holmes brothers have deduced, but failed to voice.
But predictably enough, Moran quickly tired of the games, and with a grunt lifted me from the ground and over his shoulder. Moriarty remained uncharacteristically silent.
Hello!
Oh, Allie.
Around lunch, and once again around dinner, Mrs. Hudson came in to deliver a tray of biscuits and tea. Greg and I each ate a bit, but Sherlock and Mycroft flatly ignored the offering. I don’t think Mrs. Hudson really knows what’s going on, but she must have some idea; she worried over Allie with us last night. There’s only so many reasons we would all be here now, staring at a laptop. She must have some idea, though; she was uncharacteristically silent on both occasions.
When none other than Doctor Richmond arrives, it’s a whole new bag of mixed feelings. On one hand, it confirms my suspicions, proves me right. On the other hand, there’s no way we’ll find him now.
I can still hear her breathing beneath all the sound, and it is the sweetest sound I have ever heard.
Sherlock flinches a bit at the sudden sound. It hurts to see him this way, it twists something deep in my chest. Allie has long been the surest way to his heart. My detective, usually so good at staying above it all, is scared.
I tried desperately to focus, but the fog of waking up remained; my senses, usually sharp as Sherlock’s, were dulled. I must be drugged, of course, or have been recently. Slowly, I took in my situation as best I could.
I stared at him with the most vengeful look I could muster, and made no move, affirmative or otherwise. He frowned quite dramatically.
It’s so unlike her, to botch something like this, something so important. Even as Moran lowers the stairs, waves to where a doctor or other medical professional must be waiting, I know that she’ll probably survive. Unless they’re entirely incompetent, in which case Moriarty would never hire them.
Please don't kill me!
Anthea drives as quickly as possible to the A&E at the Royal London Hospital, where Allie is ushered away and we are greeted by a pair of officers wanting to take a statement. Greg’s doing, most likely.
“The doctor, of course.” Mycroft realizes where I’m going with this train of thought before I do, and Sherlock picks it up just behind him. But it’s Greg who supplies the name.
I had done it. I had escaped.
God help me, I looked.
“If he isn’t dead-”
So I hadn’t cut deep enough.
Below me I could see the entrance to the building, just a story down.
I can see her hesitate.
We’re at 221B, planning our next steps, being more strategic this time, when the email arrives. Sherlock whispers “Automatic,” but beyond that, all conversation grinds to a halt as we turn our attention to the screen.
*Checks my own pulse* I'm....alive?
Soooo...did I mess it all up? That's for you, dear reader, to decide. Please let me know what you think in the comments, or let me know if you spotted any errors. I may post another chapter by the end of the day, I may not. Who really knows?
In. Out.
I was already beginning to hate waking up. Those first few moments of blissful ignorance, followed by a swift sucker-punch of realization.
(See the end of the chapter for
And look, once again I'm consistent. That's odd.
When looking at the (potential) inaccuracies, keep in mind all the knowledge I have comes from a brief internet search and is therefore far from comprehensive. That being said, if you have a correction to make, feel free to drop it in the comments. Even typos or tense errors. Thanks!
“They don’t come off. Not the collar, the cuffs, nothing. Fit right onto her, and welded shut.”
I almost turned it off anyways.
No one moved until she hit the cement. That, at least, finally pulled from my dazed stupor into the reality of the situation.
My young mind palace, a tentative attempt at recreating the masterpiece of Sherlock’s, was no use between the pain and the last dredges of drugs. I still was able to retreat into my mind somewhat, though, to endure in a numb grey place.
I hoped.
Enjoy!
“I know you’re used to getting away with such antics, but around here, when I ask a question, people answer. I’ll give you one more chance. Are you feeling quite comfortable?”
Goodbye.
And all we can do is watch.
(See the end of the chapter for
I'm so sorry...
I studied my wrists. Still cuffed, but somewhat cleaned and no longer bleeding. Judging by the state of the wounds and the rate of the healing, the cuts weren't even a day old yet. There’s my answer. Someone with medical experience had clearly tended to them, they had--
Slowly, things got better. I communicated more frequently. My back truly began to heal. The others started to return to normal, too. Mrs. Hudson was first, of course, back to tales of her husband we’d all heard a thousand times. Back to bustling around and cleaning and making tea and reminding everyone that she was not, in fact, their housekeeper. Life seemed to return to Greg next. His face didn’t tense at the sight of me like it did at first. The pity and regret were only traces in his eyes. Mycroft tried so hard to cover his changes that it was difficult to tell when he was back, but he was. More relaxed. More comfortable. More in command.
A look of recognition passed over the man's face.  "Yes, he did say something about you."
"I'm not sure, but it's not Martin. I asked him some aviation questions and he couldn't answer any of them. He didn't even seem to mind that he didn't know." Well, of course Sherlock didn't mind. He'd never read those sorts of things.
“One second, Herc!” He gathered together the puzzles and the debris he had brought with him, handed the dog over to the man called Herc (she was still sleeping) and they went out the door together.
"If they were older than me."
"Who's Victim Thirteen?" John asked.  The sooner all of them were kept up to date the sooner they could go back home.  Even meeting with Moira would be less taxing.
"Moira's not a talker.  She's not one to chatter about what she did all day, like her sister does.  I was concerned that her distress was so extended and she never opened up about it, but at first it didn't seem that odd."
Moira turned to look at her father, words tumbling from her mouth.  “I’m sorry, Dad, but I had to be quiet or something would get put there.”
John thought privately this was unlikely, but decided not to push the issue.  "What else did she say?"
has done fan art for this chapter: http://brwneyedrecluse.livejournal.com/2358.html
"Yeah."
"I thought you said you weren't hungry?"  John stared at him from across the room once he looked up from the food.
The man turned to look at him.  "Who are you?"
“All right.”  He paused.  “Do you want your father to stay here when we talk or do you want him to leave?”
"Cerebral palsy.  I'm a spastic tri."  The words appeared familiar to him; Thomas was obviously very aware of his condition.
John turned his head in surprise.  After eating lunch he'd picked up a book he was reading and he'd got so lost in it that he'd forgotten Sherlock was still in the room.  "Well," he cautiously said.  "It's fine if you never have anything to do with it," he added, just to ease Sherlock's mind.
"I don't think anyone wants to go to jail."
"You weren't that much older when you met her," John broke in, not using the capital letter.
"Do any of them still ask for assistance when bathing?"
"The bathroom is in there.  Go take a hot shower and I'll find you some of John's clothes to wear," Sherlock instructed him.
"Why did you travel to Yorkshire on the twenty-sixth of February?"
"Nothing.  He said when he'd been my age he'd known someone like Her too.  He didn't always like what they did but he still loved them."
Suddenly, the front door opened.  A short, petite woman with graying hair emerged.
"That's a lovely photograph on that poster. Which Messier object is it?"
"We'll be all right," said the boy.  He gestured to her with his hand and said some Russian word.  She headed off the steps and they walked off together.
"Head?"
"Yeah."
"Thank you for telling me all this," John replied, and hopped out of the car and up all seventeen steps to 221B. There were no lights on in the flat, but when he got inside and flipped the switch, he was surprised to see Sherlock sitting sideways in a chair, violin in his hands.
"It would - I dislike sleep."  He looked dazed again.
"All right. I knew you were going to take a statement because they always do that on the police procedurals." He pointed towards an alcove near the lift with a few chairs and a round table. "We can sit there, since you can still see the door from there."
"Is it still a crime if you enjoyed it enough that you..." He broke eye contact.  Sherlock squeezed his shoulder.
"Look, if you're going to some sort of druggie squat for days at a time, please come back here instead.  I'm not going to pretend that I approve of your using but it's at least safer here."
"Then I would say it's even less possible you liked it.  In fact, it happens when you're not dreaming anything at all."  Although this was the last time to think of something like that, John chuckled at a memory.  "When I was still in medical school I was doing a rotation in A&E one night.  It was cold and raining so the place was deserted.  At around two in the morning, a man and a teenage boy show up.  The man says he's his father and they would like to be seen.  I ask what the problem is and the man says there's no problem. 'Then what are you doing here?' I asked.  The father turns to the boy and says 'Go on, tell him.'  By this point I'm wondering what's going on, and notice the boy's not looking me in the eye.  There's a few minutes of awkward silence and finally the boy says in a hardly audible voice, 'Something came out of my penis when I was sleeping.'  The father then says: 'There!  Go on, tell him it's normal!'  I stare in disbelief at the father, wondering what kind of horrible parent you must be if you drag your kid to A&E because you can't bring yourself to explain wet dreams."
"Remember you can call me at any time," Sherlock said before he disconnected. He truly wished Phillip would call more often; he was so often distressed and Sherlock was sometimes able to calm him. Of course, Phillip didn't want to be seen as needy or hungry for his companionship, afraid it would have strings attached. He sighed; the poor boy had been through so much.
John wasn't sure if he'd actually move or not, and was relieved when Sherlock walked towards the door.  He was careful to stay behind him all the way upstairs, close enough to be ready to help him move but not so close he was crowding him.  As soon as he was through the door Sherlock flopped down on the sofa, not even bothering to take his coat off.  He didn't shift himself in any way, just stared up at the ceiling.  It occurred to John that he had to go to work tomorrow.  He didn't want to miss another day, but at the same time he didn't want to leave Sherlock alone.  For one, he knew there were drugs in the flat somewhere.  He didn't know precisely where they were, or what type they were, but he knew they were there.  Sherlock hadn't promised him that he would tell John if he got the urge to take anything, and while he very well might do so, John wasn't going to count on it.
“Then do you want to build that obstacle course?”
?' You have two choices: one is painful and scary, but sometimes good, and you know what it's like. The other is totally unknown, but along the lines of the same thing. Do you go with the known, or try the other one? You'd probably go to the known one, right?" Peter folded his hands in front of him. "Are you really surprised he doesn't want to see what's behind the other door?"
None of that was particularly surprising to John.  K had already shown she was a great manipulator.  For all he knew K found that control erotic.  That disturbed him enough to change the subject.  "Are you going to bring your bee up to your room?"
"Will you be walking?"
It turned out not to be an issue at all.  “He’s been gone for hours,” Mrs. Hudson informed him as he was ascending the stairs.  Since Sherlock had taken to vanishing for hours over the last few months, that didn’t seem odd.  The television was still on, now playing the news.  Trial news.  A reporter informed viewers that Victim One had testified that day, and before he read part of his testimony the reporter warned viewers that they might find the transcript disturbing.
"Why didn't you say anything to Sergeant Donovan when she questioned you?"
"You know why I said I was satisfied with the plea? Because I thought something like that might happen. People see what they want to see." He folded his hands. "I know your next question is going to be who's going to believe the story, but you have to remember the public didn't see the evidence the jury did."
There was a very long silence. "The first, and the third."
The Yard is of course ignorant about Sherlock's history, as is everyone but Mycroft, K, and Victor Trevor, so they are reasonably imagining this ending in tears. Even John thinks that it would be a potential disaster, but he's focused on finding the person first. And this is where we start seeing people assume by pronoun.
"Did they do the same things?"
"Yeah.  She was funny, wasn't she?" He gestured towards the person behind Sherlock.  "Sit down, Douglas."
This appeared to be enough for Harvey to throw in the towel.  "No further questions," she said.
"I'm not disputing your desire for a trial."
"Then why'd you do that?"
"Can you describe his mood?"
"Yes.  As I said we have no relatives."
John Watson was usually a good sleeper. He'd learned to sleep in all sorts of less than desirable conditions, and had figured out all sorts of ways to catch up on lost sleep after, say, being dragged out of bed in the middle of the night for a case. (Or a shooting, or a patient needing care, or the loss of the skull or the remote control.) He rarely took more than a few minutes to fall asleep; after all, you could never tell when you would be able to sleep next. Knowing all that, he was still unsurprised when he finally went to bed and sleep simply did not come. It wasn't that patients never bothered him. He'd seen all sorts of disturbing things before, and while they frequently reoccurred in his nightmares, they never interfered with his ability to fall asleep. Truthfully, he wasn't thinking about the patient so much as what would happen tomorrow. Since it was a weekend, he expected Mr. Aherne would be spending the whole day at his daughter's bedside. He seemed mild-mannered enough, but John felt that might change if some strange man made his daughter cry. Sherlock was bad enough dealing with adults, and Moira Aherne struck him as a rather shy child. On the other hand, Sherlock had promised that John could stay in the room the whole time and had permission to drag him out if he was too inappropriate. And he had seemed angry about what had happened. That wasn't too surprising; even hardened criminals and veteran members of the police force hated child abusers. Hell, even Sherlock didn't have his typical excitement about the case. Perhaps he would be better at this than John thought. But if Sherlock attempted to fake any emotions to get something out of her, all bets were off.
"Did you tell him who it was?"
“But how did she even know who they were?”  The only way John could think of it happening was if she had paid off the prosecution or judge, and it didn’t seem like any of them would have been bribable.
“Did she say anything to you about the friend?”  Sherlock locked eyes with him.
The remaining man let out a deep sigh.  “I trust nothing dire happened today?”
"Several different people from Scotland Yard came to talk to her about what had happened.  She always said that nothing had happened and she didn't know anyone who had hurt her.  And on the first night, when I went to bring her brother and sister back home to get some sleep, she became hysterical and said that if I went home I'd die.  That concerned me.  I didn't think it was a real threat, but knowing my daughter felt I couldn't be safe in our home..."  He wiped his eyes again.  "It wasn't until Saturday that she said anything to anyone."
"No," she responded in a whisper. "No one did anything. Nothing happened."
"The honeymoon was wonderful, and nothing came up then."
"Have you been on any dates since your wife died?"  John couldn't tell if this was connected to Harvey's previous statements or if she had just changed tactics.
Sherlock stirred, and he froze. Although he knew that they'd have to talk once he woke up, John needed a few more minutes to come up with something to say. It turned out to be a nonissue, as Sherlock fell back into sleep. He went back to thinking about what to do next. He'd tell Sherlock about the group, of course, but he knew the chance of getting Sherlock into any kind of therapy at all was nil. Maybe the group would have ideas about how to make the idea more palatable.
"I suppose I'll have to leave the room again." It was not a question.
"Is there anything else you want to ask me?" Lestrade was quick to change the subject.
The story John tells is taken from
"Did they ask Jennifer anything?"
took a second murder before he solved it.  He hadn't bothered to read any of the others; they clearly weren't worth his time.)
"I don't want to tell you that." Shame was evident in his voice.
"How long does this go back?" His voice was still flat, but there was a storm beginning to brew in his eyes. "Do they know when it might have begun?"
"Does that mean you haven't seen them without clothing in years?"
"Get out!  Get out now!  You're only making things worse!"
"Oh, don't do that.  Sherlock didn't tell me anything, but I know, you know, and he knows.  I've seen how he is with you and everyone else."  She looked him right in the eye.  "I might not know who did it, but someone like that woman made him not be able to trust anyone."
It only then occurred to John who Mike was.  “Your brother is there if you need him, now.”
"Oh, no, not really," he quickly reassured him. "This is Sherlock Holmes. He works with Scotland Yard on occasion," (John didn't think this was the time for the "world's only consulting detective" explanation) "tries to help them on cases, and he'd like to talk to Moira."
Once everything was in the wash John headed to the kitchen.  He hoped that there was still some vanilla ice cream and was delighted to see that half a carton remained.  He spooned it into a bowl and came back into the sitting room.  He sat down next to him and handed him the bowl.  "This'll make you feel better," he told Sherlock.  "Tiny bites."
He looked like he was about to go on, but at that moment Judge Foster banged his gavel and said "The court will adjourn for one hour."  John left the courtroom with the others, but instead of leaving or even going to the cafeteria he just sat down on a bench outside the room for the whole time.  He didn't feel hungry in the slightest.  When other people headed back into the courtroom, he joined them.
"Do you have any children of your own?" Susan asked.
"Did you?"  John made himself ask.
"Did he say why?" Susan maintained her usual calm.
"And I'm the newbie," John said, which made everyone laugh.  "Me and Jason."
“I’m guessing there’s something besides ‘chosen randomly,’ right?”
"Or anything about herself?"
"And how long have you worked at St. Bart's?"
Sherlock and the cabin crew adjust in their own ways.
"Yes," Sherlock replied, eyes still closed.  "You're right."
Sherlock didn't actually blush, but he turned away so John couldn't see his face.  "Yes."
"I'm glad to get Rory's seal of approval," Sherlock told her.  He sat down next to her and brought out the tape recorder.  Moira didn't seem surprised to see it; she looked like she had expected it to be there.  When John and Kieran had positioned themselves on the floor, he spoke again.  "Which one of you would like to talk to me first?  Or is it something you both have to tell me together?"
John headed towards the kitchen.  "You're eating dinner," he said as he opened the fridge.
He wasn't sure what he'd see when he got there.  Unless he was still sequestered in his room, Sherlock would be there, but he had no idea what state he would be in.  When he reached the bottom of the steps he carefully looked out and saw Sherlock sitting on the couch, wearing the same clothes he had worn yesterday, a blanket wrapped around his shoulders.  He didn't turn at the sound of footsteps, which was unnerving enough in itself.  In fact, he didn't appear to notice John at all when he walked in front of him.  It was only when he cleared his throat that Sherlock looked up.  "Lestrade rang when you were asleep yesterday.  He said that he was going to try to get the Ahernes down to the station for a lineup.  He'll tell us when he gets a time."
"Did she say anything?"
"I - sometimes," Phillip replied.
"People who are close to survivors." The word "survivors" left a bad taste in John's mouth.
Just then Sherlock emerged from the bedroom.  Phillip turned towards, him, eyes lit up.  "They said I couldn't see you."  He bounded off the couch and towards him.
After the meal, he got up from the table and realized that he had nowhere to go.  He could go sit in the room set aside for the man whose body he was currently occupying, of course, but that was all about planes and a computer he had no interest in using.  Outside?  Nothing of interest there.  This Fitton was clearly not in the same class as London, or even Yorkshire, for that matter.  Even the garden wasn't safe.  He didn't think the other man had been kidding about the geese.
, by Lucy and Stephen Hawking. And yes, there really is a Hitchhiker's joke in the book. All of the description there is to drive in the Aherne family is a good one, warm and loving. Sherlock gets this right away, and knows that will make his job very much easier. He's still angry, but the personal aspect of the case doesn't overwhelm him until he meets Phillip. Right now he's still able to be a bit distant.
by Perri Klass.
"I was going to do that."  John came to stand behind Sherlock as he looked on the computer.  The drive still showed as empty.  Sherlock closed his eyes in thought.  "Maybe he used his daughter's name."  He typed it in and the computer beeped again, giving the same message about the unknown error.
For his part, John couldn't believe that he'd actually stepped in the crumbling squat that the kid with the red hair had lead him to.  But he really had no choice.  Before he'd even gotten in the door earlier that evening, Mrs. Hudson had greeted him with "You have a client waiting upstairs."
“In part.  I also kept track of their arrest records.  That was a waste of time, since none of them were arrested for any major crimes before or since.”
A thought seemed to occur to her.  "Will K be there?"
"You did the best you could," John said, reminded of Mari's husband's friend's issues.  "You were only fourteen years old."
"Any celebration planned?" Mari said.
She stopped in front of him and pulled a piece of paper out of her pocket.  It was folded in half and had "To Mr. Holmes" written on it.  "You can open it if you want," she said.  He took the note and opened it.  The note said "ThANK YOU" with the first two letters in a box and after the A all the remaining letters had their own box.  John took a second look at it and realized Moira had written it with abbreviations from the periodic table, complete with atomic numbers.  "I had to cheat a little, because there's no A all by itself, or an An element," Moira explained.
He then noticed a picture on the computer desk. Two, actually, one on each side. The left picture showed all adults, but the right one had a child in it. He picked up the frame and examined it. The man who he was in the body of stood next to Douglas. Standing in front of Douglas was a teenager of about eighteen or nineteen, heavyset, who had dyed her originally brown hair with streaks of pink and green. In front of the other man was a child of about ten or eleven, skinny and dark-skinned, grinning for the camera. So these were the two daughters.
"Most."
"Yes," he said. After all, it was true. Mostly.
"What do you mean?" John couldn't recall Martin saying anything directly to Dominic.
The fallout begins.
"Someone besides me," she clarified.
"Detox program in prison got to her?" John was aware how those programs worked.
"On suspicion of fraud relating to Her flat and accounts in names not Her own."
"On the cheek?"
The defense cross-examine Phillip.
"She said Mummy let me come with Her because She gave her lots of money."
"It would've been fine.  I've slept through worse," John reassured him.
"You don't remember how long it was?"
Comments for this entry are currently frozen.
K is revealed.
"But when you did make a friend you didn't tell him.  Why?"  He sounded accusing.
"It's more than that. He most likely found a lot of it painful and scary. Sometimes it felt good, but it always had menace. Sex is always all of those things. And you're both a different person and a different gender. You know what he's thinking? 'What if this is
“Did you know before this case that…” Lestrade didn’t finish the sentence.  He sat down behind the desk and started looking through a file drawer.
John's mobile suddenly started to vibrate in his pocket.  Without a second thought, he got up and headed out of the court room.  Once he was safely in the hall, he looked at it again.  One incoming text message. "I am at home again.  SH."  He debated to himself whether to send a message back, ring Sherlock, or just head back home.
The neighborhood where Sherlock apparently had placed this flat was in fact near the Aherne's flat, and they even passed by that building on the cab ride there.  The driver stopped in front of a nearby playground that was probably the one Moira Aherne had taken her dog to.  Sherlock scrambled out right away, and John followed him after giving the driver the fare.  Once the cab was gone, Sherlock turned in a circle, eyes wide open.  He then cast his eyes up the street.  "It's just up there.  Come on, I want a closer look at the building."  He sounded more like his normal investigative self, which made John feel slightly better.
"Hello," he replied, matching her tone.
"You need to come inside," John said.
"You've been crying." That simple statement made him sob audibly. "All right. Can you take a few deep breaths?" He heard Phillip take a few shuddering breaths. "Can you talk now?"
“All right.”  Sherlock's voice was soft.  “Perhaps we should start with something easier.  Do you have a picture of your daughter with you?”
"Year three in school. If you took an instrument you could get out of class every day. I picked the flute because it didn't look like it would break easily."
“Bribes.”  It was not a question.
"Yeah. Bart's was the nearest and – " He abruptly cut off his sentence. There was another long pause. "You're a detective, right?"
"What happened then?"
"She asked me if I knew how mums fed babies."
“I will,” he said before disconnecting.  He knew he couldn’t go back to sleep now, so he spent the next few hours engaging in the sort of mindless web surfing one could do half-dead.  After that, he figured there was enough of a delay and napped for an hour.  That little bit of sleep was enough to give him some energy, and he spent the rest of the day doing a series of minor things around the flat that he hadn’t had time for in a while.  Sherlock was constantly coming in and out of the flat, gone from anywhere from a few minutes to an hour, and he wasn’t bothering to explain what he was doing.  John could see every time he came back in that his eyes were like angry storms, so he didn’t ask.
Mr. Aherne responded by pulling his daughter into a hug.  “Oh, Moira, don’t be sorry.  I just wish I could have stopped this K from hurting you.”
"You have to come back home now.  Case."  John figured it would be best to skip the lecture for now.  Even a drugged Sherlock seemed to know what "case" meant; he got up (in a much quicker flurry of limbs than would be without the drugs) and headed towards the exit without another look back at John.  If he hadn't known Sherlock well and seen him move with much more grace, he wouldn't have been able to tell that Sherlock was currently somewhat high on something.
"And he asked you about this person then?"
"You are in your room, you are safe, and she is not with you."  Maybe he'd come out of it quickly.  He had last time.
“Are you sure her name isn’t Juliet?”  While Sherlock was by no means well versed in popular culture, he had at least a passing knowledge of Shakespeare’s plays.  Unless for some strange reason Juliet in the play in this universe had the unfortunate name Jomeo.
"I had a violin tutor from when I was young. Younger than you were when you started to play."
"What else was there?"
Sherlock smiled.  “An off-brand numbers station.”
"You have to come back home now. Case."
"What did this girl look like?" Sherlock asked.
"Tell me about the first time you saw her."
"Only if I'm allowed to come with you. We need to talk."
"I currently am the landlady for a small property my husband bought before he died.  He was career military, you understand, and we didn't have much, but he thought it would be a good investment."
"Martin, come with me."  Douglas took his arm and lead him into the plane.  He then strong-armed Sherlock to the cockpit.  "What are you doing?  If this is some sort of prank, can you at least wait until we get in the air?"
"When should I get up?"
"You would consider your relationship with them close?"
"No, because there's hardly anything in the flat and both of us need to eat something."  Sherlock scowled at him, and John added "Coffee and tea do not count as meals.  There's no milk left anyway."  He oddly felt better after seeing Sherlock's look of distaste; it was at least a normal way for him to act.
"Because I'm going to bed."
A couple of nights later John woke up for no reason he could discern.  His bedside clock declared it was two in the morning, and he was about to roll over and go back to sleep when he heard something outside his door.  "As I've said before, Phillip, I don't sleep much.  You've never woken me up."  Sherlock was speaking in a perfectly ordinary voice, so he had to be right outside the room, maybe sitting on the stairs.  John very much doubted that Sherlock knew he was lying awake right now, but at the same time the fact he'd chosen this spot to have the conversation meant he didn't mind being overheard.  "You are up late, though."
Lestrade pinched the bridge of his nose. "Then there's probably not a higher risk of more deaths if we release an official statement?"
He realized what that implied too late to retract his statement, as John already sat up and turned so his feet hung off the side of the bed. He cursed himself internally for putting the tension in John's posture.
He'd been reading on and off in between cases, but he was always hesitant to start because he usually had to put it down in the middle of an interesting part. Cases weren't exactly on a schedule. However, he was nothing if it not determined.
"Shut up," Sherlock said and put his violin away before plopping onto the couch. "And order take away."
But HECK I keep thinking about the pain I'm gonna cause Sherlock when Eleanor has to be turned into foster care, rip.
"Jo0hn watson, his
John snorted from the kitchen.
Neither of them pulled apart for the rest of the night, even when they both fell back asleep. Both of their minds dreamless.
Some development in the case is made.
He stood from the leather chair and began pacing the room. The more confusing matter in his head was the matter of John Watson. John would go cold at the flip of a coin right after treating Sherlock how he normally does, with awe and respect. Surely it had something to do with unresolved feelings about the fall. But Sherlock apologized, and explained why. John knew, and still he acted sometimes as if Sherlock intentionally left him alone to suffer. Maybe he should
"You drool in your sleep dear."
Speak of the devil, the consulting detective waltzed into the room and grabbed his coat. He held the door open for John and followed him out.
"Sure thing." He shook jhis head to remove it from the image of Sherlock's swaying hips.
"That's what you're here for."
""I love you too," said John agianst Sherlocks' curls.
John took his pause to speak, "Relapses are normal, and overdoses are really common within them."
Once the cab pulled up to Baker Street, John paid quickly and followed Sherlock's slowed gait inside the flat.
John decided to distract Emmett, so he would be able to continue the story. "Who's this?"
Self-edited to my best ability, and it's a longer one than usual so enjoy!
Sherlock plugged in his own phone and turned out the light, then checked to make sure the door was open so any noise from the living area would wake them. Although he didn't plan on sleeping anyway. He couldn't let one second of this night go by not experienced.
"Ah." Sherlock didn't know what else to say. "Tea?"
One day Joh nw as workign at the counter and heard form the usual station, :"BEt your fag ass can't do anything esle but dance lol."
He stopped speaking though the story wasn't over. John tried to give him a push to finish it by scooting closer until Sherlock could definitely feel his body heat.
John rubbed his forehead, "We don't even know his name."
Sherlock raised his chin, "Well I'm a genius, so obviously my brain developed faster than most."
John was surprised, but came back in and closed the door behind him before sitting on the tiled floor next to his friend. "Is there anything I can do?"
John sighed, "And what if someone we don't know does try coming in?"
I agree with the vote, I'd rather know what happens even if it's just a summary. So I'm doing this for you all, putting the rest of the outline in this chapter and maybe one day I can come back to it. Alternatively, if you enjoy the story and the direction it was meant to go, you're more than welcome to write it yourself. I don't know how to transfer fics, but I suppose I can copy and paste the entire thing into a google doc and share it with whoever contacted me on twitter about it. In the really unlikely scenario one of you do want to write it yourself, I would delete this work so you can reupload it in its entirety on your account so you can easily update it and receive all the associated traffic.
Listen, when I sasi d horny cock I meant that bowser didn't literally do this because htat woul dbe too much for a me fic. Like my fics aren't that explicit okay.
"No."
"And he hasn't e-mailed you or anything like that?"  It didn't take a genius to figure out why Sherlock was being so encouraging with Phillip.  However, the emotions it seemed to bring up in him made John wish he could just talk about it like anyone else would.  "Since we're talking about lying by omission here," he added.
Brownie is my real bear, although he was my aunt's and not my mother's.  He is ancient and like Harry I have requested to be buried with him. He's provided me with a lot of comfort, both as a child and an adult, and I liked giving Moira that safety. We're both twin bookworms who are close to our fathers, but that's where the resemblence ends, in case you are wondering.
"You will come to work with me. However, you will always be a passenger."
"What?" said a shocked Mr. Rodgers.  "Is he all right?"
A mobile's ring tone cut through the air before the conversation could continue.  John didn't recognize the tone so he figured it must belong to Lestrade.  Lestrade in fact did dig a mobile out from a pocket and look at its screen.  "Mr. Aherne just texted me to say they're right in front of the Yard."  Sherlock got up without a word and went to stand in the hallway.  John followed suit and stood in the doorway, looking out.
"How long have you had custody of her?"
Peter's whole face relaxed into a smile.  "Oh, it's a good thing for her.  She says it makes her feel more connected to the world.  It also cuts down on the paranoia."
"Yes, she has," Lestrade calmly replied.  "She's said she wants to make amends."
"I don't know your fee, but I'm a nursery teacher; I don't have a lot of money."
Lestrade's face reddened.  "Yes.  I suppose we should have told you."
Clark shuffled up to the stand.  He didn't look very eager to question Sarah.  John wondered if that was because she couldn't be as easily intimidated as a child.  "You worked at St. Bart's at the same time Dr. Martin did, correct?"
"Correct," Sherlock quietly responded.
"Also correct."
"Not the most important, or my sister wouldn't be going through a divorce right now.  Intimacy was never a problem for them."  While John almost said "sex" instead of "intimacy" he thought that if he did use the word Sherlock would once again flee.
"No.  I just thought the doctors at the hospital would have and when we moved from London I figured they couldn't find her."
“Yeah.”
After two of the longest hours of his life, they arrived back in London and John directed them both to a cab for home.  The distance wasn't that big and normally he would have just walked it, but he didn't think Sherlock was capable of walking that far.  In fact, when they arrived at Baker Street he seemed unable to even take the few steps inside.  John offered his shoulder again and they limped back to their home, together.  Once they were in the door he guided Sherlock to the couch.  “Sit down and catch your breath,” he said.  “After that we need to talk.”  Maybe talking wasn't the best thing to do right now, psychologically, but John knew very well if they didn't start talking about it now, the gate would go down again.
"Not very well.  The first time I remember having a medical She did it but after that it was other people.  Mum talked to Her a few times.  She called Mum first.  Said She'd found me wandering around and She brought me to Her flat so I'd be safe."
"Tell me about that."
"No," John replied.  He didn't exactly mind, but he couldn't help but wonder what Lestrade had to say.
"Of course you can.  You're always welcome here."  Eli shook his hand before leaving and it lifted his spirits on the walk home.
Of course, Sherlock didn't always go to bed.  John still spent nights in his room  when Sherlock spent the night pacing around downstairs, or vanished for whatever reason.  The closer the trial got the more he seemed to do that, to the point where John only saw him sleep twice a week or so.  He wondered if it was the same problem that led to the shredded bedsheets, and unobtrusively bought a pile of identical ones that he left in Sherlock's closet, but John didn't check to see if they'd been used.  He figured that Sherlock needed some privacy about that.  It was the same reason he left Sherlock alone to get dressed for bed.  John knew that Sherlock had only started to wear clothes when he slept because of John being there, and that way he didn't have to make a big deal out of it.
"You've mentioned feelings to me, sometimes."
"Of course," John said.  Truthfully, he wasn't sure he wanted to hear anything from the siblings again.  Graham's anguish as he recounted how he'd been forced to sexually assault his brothers had been almost too much to bear once, let alone twice.
"It depends on whether the people who want to keep this information secret know she has it or not."
"You saw who she said was her abuser?"
Sherlock looked at him for a second, damp hair falling in his face as he did so.  “Rubbish," he told John, in a way that made it clear he didn't want to talk about it.  And although that just made John even more curious about whatever he was throwing away, he said nothing as they left the flat and Sherlock chucked whatever was in it in the nearest bin.  He knew that by the time they returned home it would be gone, and even if it wasn't John wanted to respect Sherlock's wish for privacy.  True, Sherlock never respected his own, but he didn't think that sort of thing had to be reciprocal.  Shortly thereafter Sherlock hailed a cab and John's train of thought was brought to an abrupt end.
"Right here in your room?" John asked for clarification.
"No, because I can't say it."
"Why?"
Moira now stood in front of Sherlock, still grinning.  "Hi!  Last week was our tenth birthday.  We had curry and ice cream and cake and we went to the Doctor Who experience!  And Kieran and I joined the swim club and I met a girl there my age who's got a twin brother too!  She's even got a brother and sister who are twins and she came to our party with her brother and we don't go to the same school but she lives nearby.  Her family has a dog too but it's a little Sealyham and they have a cat with two different color eyes that's deaf and has extra toes!"
“You're a fool, then.”
"He sought me out to say it, even though he didn't know that I wouldn't just turn him into the police."
"All of that time.  I did my training there as well."
Since John usually woke up early on his own, he was surprised to be woken by a shrill alarm.  He opened his eyes and saw an equally surprised Sherlock staring back at him.  "You should get up," he told John.
“No.”  John didn’t have the slightest clue what this meant.  He sat himself down in one of the other chairs.
Moira clutched Brownie to her chest and slouched in her seat.  "He didn't ask the same things other people did.  And he knew about Her before I said anything."
"Fine," he said, smiling.
Sherlock looked up at him at that point, his flat expression dissolving into a scowl.  “I know that K is an abominable excuse for a person.  You don’t have to tell me that.  I’ve spent most of the night understanding that.  A thirteen-year-old boy has been constantly ringing me to give me somewhat more detail about what he and K have been doing for the past nine years.”  His voice was still flat.
Mrs. Harvey came up to the stand as Susan left.  Unlike Clark, she didn't seem anxious or uncomfortable.  "Does your father kiss you, Kieran?" It was clear she wanted to trim the testimony to the essentials.
As he passed by Sherlock's room the sound got louder and without thinking about it he opened the door and headed inside.  To his astonishment Sherlock was wide awake.  In fact, not only was he awake, he was shredding what looked to be a pile of bedding with a knife.  He was standing naked in front of a chair the bedding rested on as he slashed bits of the pile with long, furious swipes.  Every few seconds he made the same howl.  John debated whether it was best to just let him work out whatever he was doing or to intervene.  He finally decided that any intervention needed to be low-key and simply said, "Sherlock?" in a normal sounding voice.  It didn't quite snap him out, but Sherlock turned to face him, eyes still filled with fury.
He pulled up a search engine and typed "fitton" into it. A ton of results came up, but nothing about the town.
"What did she say to that?"
"Do you mean someone else eventually showed up?"
"Are you saying he liked those?" All his anger melted away from Sherlock and towards Peter. He barely resisted the urge to jump out of his chair and deck him.
"What did they find?" John asks although he's already half sure of the answer.
"Is it something you want to discuss?" Tammy asked.
"With only one person, or more than one?"
“I don’t think you could have brought everything for something this complicated.”  Sherlock didn’t know why he’d said it, but he didn’t want to just sit there in silence.
"Do you want cocoa or tea?" John asked.
"I didn't know.  Then he asked if someone said I had committed a crime."  Although it was hardly the most intimate thing he'd revealed, Phillip turned away and looked down at the ground.  "I said someone had."
It occurred to John that Sherlock's sleepless nights of pacing were probably due to cocaine-induced hyperactivity. "When you were in rehab, last. Didn't they have therapy groups there? Did anyone ask you about your past there?"
"Not releasing it to anyone other than the solicitors for the defense.  They'd probably object to anything else.  There's a list of the victims that will be testifying, though."  He took another piece of paper and handed it over to Sherlock.
Feel free to yell at me for the time between updates.
"But not for the rest of your life," Sherlock quietly said.
“Look!”  Sherlock said as soon as he came through the door.
John himself could think of a few memories from when he was three; Phillip probably had a few himself.  In fact, you could see the beginning of recognition in his eyes. "The music stand.  It was as big as me," Phillip came up with.
"Possibly," said Sherlock in a faint hoarse tone.
Sherlock wanted more information, and he wasn't ready for a confrontation with the sleeping man yet, so he showered, put on the unfamiliar uniform, and left the room.  The hallway leading to the elevator was just as dismal as the rest of the place.  No one seemed to be around this early in the morning.  He descended in the elevator alone, and stepped out into the lobby.  A glance at a stack of newspapers indicated he was in Frankfurt.  A sign nearby indicated that breakfast was being served in a nearby room.  Sherlock suspected it was complimentary, but the sign didn't say, and in any event the condition of the hotel made eating there decidedly unappealing.   Still, there might be co-workers of the man whose body he was in in there.  It would be best to at least start looking for them; the explanations would take a long time and he didn't want to ring John until they were done.
"Apparently there's been a lot of victims from the area of London she lives in. There was a case a month or so ago where a boy mentioned he'd been one of a lot of victims, so now there is an investigation on the presumption it's the same perpetrator in all those cases."
"Why then?"
"I was too scared."
Susan was just walking up the steps when he got out.  She saw him, stopped her ascent, and said right away: "Look, I'm sorry about severing contact with Victim One and Victim Three like that.  I don't blame you for being angry about it.  You have to understand though, we need to make sure nothing jeopardizes the case.  Anything.  It doesn't matter how many witnesses we have or victims testifying there are.  The fact of the matter is that the accused has a very good chance of being acquitted."
"Yes, but you can finish your sandwich before we go get her," Lou said before biting into his own with the power of long-delayed hunger.
“He has been taken care of.  The other jurors that were funded have generously decided to donate the money their relatives left them to charitable causes.”
"What do you need me for, then?"
“What are you calling for?” John asked, cutting her off.
"Making up stories?"
"At the park. I took Rory for a walk and I met someone. We talked a bit. I said we'd moved. Said to me I must be lonely."
"Do you think he'll come back?" John asked Martin, who had just put a sleeping Angus back in his car seat.
Since Rory is in a family picture, Sherlock correctly guesses he is considered a part of the family, and is the easiest member to bring up to break the ice.
"He said he'd known someone like that, but he didn't say who it was.  Is it Her too?"  Moira's confused tone made it clear that this question had backfired; she really hadn't known that Sherlock had been abused by K as well.
"We'll have to ask Lestrade for his number so you can talk to Moira again," John said. Sherlock didn't respond, and in fact said nothing through the walk downstairs or the cab ride home. He wasn't texting or otherwise occupied; he looked lost in thought.
"Wasn't hungry."
“Was there a point where it stopped escalating?”
"Why did you talk to him if you were so worried other people would get hurt?"
Ella stood and walked over to her desk.  She took a piece of paper and a pen and scribbled something on it.  She turned and presented John with it.  "Here are the names and numbers of a few therapists I know that deal with the aftermath of childhood abuse.  Even if your friend won't talk to them, you can find someone to talk to.  For his sake, I've only listed male therapists."
"I suspected something like that." Lestrade stared down at the file.
"He loves his abuser very much," Sherlock stated, like it was self-evident. "The perpetrator is exploiting that, by reminding him he has no other friends and that the abuser is the only person who cares about him. That's not very far off the mark, as he's well aware his mother doesn't care about him and no one at school notices him. His arm was broken because he resisted the sexual contact for once. He's managed to convince himself that was something he did wrong and if he says anything he loses the abuser's friendship. Of course that last one isn't too off the mark."
"Yes, of course.  Every fact I saw led me closer to the conclusion that She was K, but I investigated it as if I knew nothing about K in the first place."  He briefly turned to look at John, looking proud for a moment.  "However, even if She was not wealthy, She would still frequently move because of the children."
John wondered where they had learned all that; Sherlock certainly hadn't told them.  "We've spoken to your brother already," Lou added.
"Did you already deduce that her brother wants to talk to you as well?"  Lestrade looked smug as he revealed his trump card.
"What?" John said in disbelief.  "How could he have done that?  He was only at that house once and he never even went inside."
? So the whole idea you're too afraid to have sex is fake?"
"I know that if you're in Skip's body you didn't bring the hat with you.  But do you wear it all the time, even in the summer?  It must get hot."
"I did."
It only rang once before he picked it up. John was still asleep. "Phillip." Sherlock hadn't checked the incoming number, but it could only be one person at this hour.
"Crisis?" Eli asked right away.
"I know you're thinking this is some elaborate joke, Herc, but let me assure you it isn't." The woman then told the story about Sherlock not knowing the answers to the questions the large man had asked him and how he had handed over the hat when asked to.
"About what?" John asked doubtfully.
"Yes.  They asked me and Jennifer to come down as soon as we could.  We did so and an officer talked to her while I was in the room.  He didn't find out much more than she'd told me already, but they needed the statement for the record."
Clark made a face at her last comment.  "But you never said to your mummy or daddy what was going on there?"
"Yeah."
his brain snarled at the thought.
John was suddenly seized by the desire to talk about anything but K for a change.  "Well, there's no way you can change that now.  What's been going on here for the past couple of days, anyway?"  Thankfully, she got the message, and they spent the next hour in idle chitchat.
Things reached a head when Sherlock realized that they were going out on the airfield to whatever plane they had.  The group stopped in front of a very old-looking airplane that had clearly been given several touchings-up recently.  The customer who had left them money must have left a considerable amount, and the company had been hard-up until that point; no one would not give a salary to one of the few people making the company work without financial crisis.  Carolyn, the apparent owner, seemed unlikely to spend more than she could afford; therefore the debts must have been early in the business and related to poor deals.  Either she had never run a business before or had additional difficulty from some outside source.  A divorce, most likely.
"What did she say to that?"
He and the other man, along with the small fluffy dog, went into the back garden. It had a small shed with straw coming out of it.  Standing at the entrance to the shed were two geese, who looked like sentinels.  “Romeo and Jomeo,” said the man when he noticed Sherlock looking at them.  “Skip bought them when Romeo ate his ring.  Then the man with the geese said they get lonely alone so he bought Jomeo too.”
"No.  Well, no if you don't count some teenage conflict," John admitted.
"We'll go around, then," Dr. Dodson declared.  "Jason, do you want to start?"
"She took her fingers and spread out the place between Her legs and let me look and told me to put a finger of mine up there."
John gets further than anyone else for two reasons - he's male (there really is a policy in many police departments that women interview sexually abused children, which I've thought might be just the wrong thing in some situations) and he tries to talk for a bit about non-related topics. The other inverviewers, including Donovan, went straight to the point because they wanted to find the abuser sooner rather than later, which was well-intentioned but not the right thing to do. The picture of Moira's family I put there knowing it would later come up and why. I knew at that point K had seen her in the hospital by using some old identification to get in, and that this made her clam up even more. I also knew Rory the dog was going to be important in some heroics later one. (Rory is one of Ruairi Aherne's nicknames, but he's really named after the Who character. As you can tell, Moira loves all things science fiction.)
"Go away."
"You told Moira Aherne that you were telling the truth. Not horrible lies." Why he blurted that out, John did not know.
"That's not going to be a problem.  Phillip has his mobile number and Sherlock said he can use it at any time."
"Not that I know of."
"I don't think you do. No one does."
"You do understand it's your word against hers."
And he had an erection.
"How did her family feel when you left the country?"  Her highly accusing tone made it sound like he had abducted his children instead of just moving.
"I wanted to, but it wasn't allowed.  The few times she did I'd just get her to talk about something else."
"I saw the news one evening and I realized it was the same woman.  I hadn't thought about it for a long time, but before the broadcast even finished I rang up Scotland Yard and said I could help them.  Maybe I hadn't done things right the first time, but this time it was going to work."
"The laptop by the chair I was sitting in before," John said back. Martin shuffled over to the chair and sat down. He felt more dread now then he had at any point in his life, even before his seventh exam sit or his dad's funeral. Hesitantly he pulled up the browser and typed in the URL to the site Arthur had so proudly designed.
"Well, you have calluses on your fingertips on this hand. Like from pressing down with a stringed instrument. It can't be the guitar because your nails are short on both hands, and guitar players keep their pick hand nails long. That means it has to be one of the orchestra strings since they're played with a bow. After that I just guessed, because the violin is what more people play than the viola or cello."
Very slowly, Sherlock lifted the lid off the box.  From the angle he was sitting at, John couldn't see what was in it, but he could see Sherlock's eyes widen.  He halfway shook his head, like he couldn't believe what he saw.  Moira and Kieran both watched anxiously, clearly waiting for some sort of response.  Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, Sherlock reached into the box and pulled out his gift.  There were a lot of things John thought it could be, but what Sherlock pulled out was not something he had been expecting.
"Where do you currently live?"
"Yes on both counts," Lestrade responded.  "Isiaka is male and Omowunmi is female."
"No," Susan grimly replied.  "The defense is already salivating over the fact the two have become friends.  Any contact would be game for them."
"Why is that?"  Sherlock leaned forward in his chair.
Lou strode to the front of the courtroom like he didn't have a care in the world.  He turned to face the spectators.  "Child abuse," he said with no leadup.  John could feel the collective shudder of the people in the room, like just hearing the words hurt.  Before they could recover he added, "Sexual abuse," and a few people gasped.  And they know what the trial's for, John thought.  "You don't want to hear that, do you?" he asked as he looked at the rest of the court.  "No one does.  Doctors never stop being shocked at a thirteen year old boy whose arm got broken by someone, or a nine year old girl with vaginal lacerations.  The police say those are the hardest cases to deal with.  So it's easy to understand why the first reaction in a case like this is disbelief.  Especially when the accused is so normal-looking, and seems like such a nice lady.  No one wants to think that an abuser is someone who we see every day, who's not some mysterious other that you can avoid."  He paused as if to let that sink in.  "But the only victims in this case that knew each other were siblings, and they all picked out the same person.  They all gave details that matched the other ones.  And they were all found in photographs.  Kelly Martin had those photographs.  And I think that once you hear from all of the victims we could find, you'll agree she was the one who assaulted them all.  Thank you."  He returned to sit next to Susan.  John glanced at the people around him and saw that many of them were wide-eyed.  Most looked dazed.  One or two of them seemed on the verge of tears.  He looked back at K and saw she was still sitting calmly, with a small smile on her face.
"When should I bring the clothes back?"
"Hi," she cheerfully responded, apparently unaware of Clark's unease.
"No.  Moira's intentions were good and she was trying to reach out to you with that.  You probably see it that way.  And you did lose your first one.  Even if you were really too old for it, I can see why it would be so upsetting to lose such an important part of your childhood."  Every time John talked to Sherlock so directly about his past, he felt like he was constructing a conversation from cobwebs.  "I would be pleased with it myself.  She did that because she cares about you.  That counts."
"Another delayed honeymoon. I've started a trend," Peter said with a chuckle.
"Because of what?" Clark pressed.
"Chinese is in the fridge."  This seemed so unlike him that John got up to check it, and found that there were indeed several takeaway containers.
Well, that certainly didn't help matters.  "All of this isn't particularly specific.  Can you at least think of one specific thing to ask?"
"Did you ask your mummy to not have her come anymore?"
Jennifer sang in a high childish voice: "'Ride a cock-horse to Banbury Cross, to see a young lady on a white horse.  With rings on her fingers and bells on her toes, she will have music wherever she goes.'  She said I was a clever girl since I knew all the words."
"Our policy is to refer to the person we support by their relation to us," Eli told him. "It's their choice to be open about it, not ours."
When he got in the door, Mrs. Hudson was standing there.  "Sherlock left around eleven.  He's not back yet."
Once again Sherlock's confidence vanished.  "Phillip had given me a receipt from a supermarket.  He had gotten it from Her purse and he realized it could be used to locate Her primary residence."  He at least seemed to understand he could now refer to victims by name.
He settled for taking a look around the sitting room again.  It was clearly set up for the comfort of the other man - Douglas.  The furniture was older, clearly used, but also well-made.  Clearly not changed much since the man whose body he was now in had moved in, which is why the room upstairs existed.
"I'll ask for more at the start of the meeting, then." Mari was a big believer in letting the whole group hear everyone's troubles.
"What happened after that day?"
"But GERT-I could come!"
“Is that information going to stay between the two of you?”  John wasn’t trying to be intrusive; he thought that those details weren’t really important to the case.  Besides, it was good for Phillip to tell all of that to someone.
"Do you think it was unusual that she wouldn't reveal the cause of her distress to you, especially since you seemed so aware of it?"  As she spoke she moved closer to the stand.
"When did things change?" Sherlock asked.
Mr. Ogbeide visibly swallowed.  "That's my daughter.  Jennifer."
"It wasn't your responsibility to protect him from whoever was abusing him. Even if you did figure out who it was, I doubt that any charges would have gone through if Sherlock just denied everything," John said, in an attempt to reassure him.
"I don't tan. I burn. My wife has a lovely tan, though."
The day didn't start well. John hadn't got more than an hour or so of sleep, and was only feeling half awake after he had three cups of industrial grade coffee. Sherlock wasn't bouncing around like he usually did, but he hovered in the background of anything John tried to do before they headed off to the hospital, staring intensely without blinking. (At least John had convinced him that Moira wouldn't like someone coming in to question her at six in the morning, nor would anyone, so it would be better to wait until noon or so.)
"Influenced a few people in power that if the defense tries to raise the issue about us meeting there will be no more trial and just a prison sentence."
A text from Mycroft interrupted his research.
Sherlock held out his mobile, the pdf of the warrant on screen. "Actually we're detectives, here on police business. I need a list of every patient with a narcotics addiction, along with their address and numbers."
Ella growing up in an abusive home with parents that hit and screamed.
"We need to interbiew the two green turtles from the race."
~~~~~
Ensconced on the couch doing research is how John found them hours later when he finally woke for the day. He definitely caught the tail end of what sounded like Sherlock speaking to her about an old case.
~~~~~
Sherlock's eyes bulged, "
“Okay oaky.” John replied, and lifted his body away form Sherlokc’s to reach into the bedisde table’s drawer and grab a hafl empty bottle of lube.
The two of them settled into bed comfortably, on opposite ends. Though one hand from each breached the empty space in the middle and lay next to each other. Not touching, but close.
John looks up once more at the :"ohhs" and "ahhs" coming from a part fo the arcade located 20 feet forward and 10 feet to the right of th ecash register. He work sa s both the cashier and cook, becuase of course he does. It's a shitty arcade center, they don't have many people working at once. So John often finds himself preparing shitty cafeteria food for patrons.
"John," Sherlock called from the living room.
"I'm going to check in with Lestrade," John said as he left the room. One part of his mind called him a coward and the other part yelled at the former and said this wasn't the time.
"Get a new insult asshole, it's 2018. get the fuck out of here befoer I call secuoirty."
"THey're scales."
"Which means you're human, not psychic. As much as it seems sometimes."
Sherlock put his empty mug down with a soft thump and leapt from his chair. He called back while putting on his coat, "Come along John."
Relieved, John waltzed into the kitchen to begin preparing lunch, leaving a now sulking Sherlock in the other room. He made a mental note to make enough food for their guest as well then got started.
Sherlock replied without looking, "Drug users at risk? Who would have thought?"
Sherlock laid stiffly on his back while John made himself comfortable and laid on his right to keep the weight off the old wound. This happened to make him face Sherlock, who steadfastly refused to look at him. He needed to wait for John to fall asleep before he could begin cataloguing the lines on his face without getting caught.
A few minutes later, he heard the springs of John's bed upstairs and then subsequent padding of socked feet down the stairs and through the hallway. Sherlock remained still while the door opened, and presumably, John walked in.
He blew his nose in the tissue and nodded. "We all went to the same one, London Rehab, it's how come we went to the same NA meetings, because the doctors there all told us to."
Needless to say, it took most of the week for this many people to respond to the ad.
Sherlock cleared his throat and clasped his hands together. "We hadn't given her the bee toy when we brought her to the adoption center, so naturally I took it upon myself to deliver it. She was already placed with a foster family so I went to their home instead and John it was terrible. The wife was clearly going to enforce harmful stereotypes and messages about femininity and the husband was a cheater who I estimate would leave that woman in about three years. This would be harmful to Ella's development and I knew she needed to be removed immediately and apparently, the fastest route of removal was adoption and now here we are."
"If I tried to get more detail she'd either say she didn't know or didn't remember.  Obviously that wasn't true, but I never pressed her about it."
Before John could think of something to say in response someone rapped shortly on the door.  "I'll get it," he said hastily.  As soon as he opened the door, he wished he hadn't.  Mycroft was standing there, seemingly unchanged from the previous day.
I liked using this little bit to show a more "normal" Sherlock, the one that wasn't going to be in the story much. (Cow organs are commonly dissected in high school biology classes, so that's probably how Molly got them.)
"Then it's going to be a plea, just like I said."  She had a satisfied look on her face.
"Fine." Emily had to be the younger daughter. It wasn't like he'd wanted to go in the room of a ten or eleven year old girl anyway; it wouldn't tell him anything.
"That soon?"
"You weren't at home when it happened, then. You said something about Germany?" John reached for a pencil and paper from a nearby table.
"Just fine, Mrs. Hudson," John called back, looking briefly at Martin.  "Landlady," he mouthed before saying "Nothing to worry about."
The other man picked the dog up, cradling her against his chest.  “We can go in now.  Do you know how to play Charades?”
"I was thinkin' it was you." Sherlock opened his eyes a bit. From the cold and lack of light, it had to be the evening. "That stuff's gonna kill you."
"They should be here in a couple of minutes," Lestrade said.  He put a tape recorder on the table and then went to sit in a corner.
It was only then he began to think about how this Sherlock was doing with the MJN crew.  Arthur loved everyone (except maybe his dad), so he'd be cheerful regardless, but he didn't imagine Douglas and Carolyn would be pleased with someone who couldn't fly a plane.  He wondered if Sherlock was as desperate to get home as he was.  From what little he'd seen, and how John had immediately known that he was someone else, he suspected that he was quite a different personality than a certain Martin Crieff.
As soon as Clark sat down, Lou walked up to the bench.  "The prosecution calls Jennifer Ogbeide-Bena."  The usher came in leading a girl John recognized from the photograph he'd seen months ago.  She wore a lavender dress with matching ribbons on her braids, and carried a rag doll with her.  The court seemed to gasp collectively as she sat down.  John understood why; while the other victims had all been older children, Jennifer was clearly still a little girl.  Hearing someone like Phillip testify about something that had happened when he was small wasn't the same as seeing a child of that age testifying to the same thing.  She was a representation of how young the victims had been.
They didn't speak as they walked back, trailed by the redhead that had brought John there.  When they got to the outer steps of Baker Street John saw a blond girl sitting on the steps.  "James," she said, her thick Russian accent making the words alien-sounding.  From her look she likely lived as rough as the one who had gotten him to Sherlock.
"No."
"She was pretty shocked, even though we tried to keep it down a bit.  It's not like it's anything she's never heard, but I think it's different when it's her Mum they're talking about."
"How long were you married?"
"No," he managed to choke out to the voice. He still hadn't opened his eyes.
"But what?" Dr. Dodson asked, clearly seeing something she was holding back.
"Did you say anything to your brother?"
"The first time.  Then we did it again and one hand on my belly and one hand under me."
"So what do we do? We have to be ready to leave in ten minutes."
"Thirty-four."
"All right," he said, grateful that Sherlock seemed to have come out of his funk.
Judge Foster broke in.  "Mrs. Murray, that sort of language doesn't have a place in this courtroom."
"I invited Phillip here today.  Not all lessons can be learned in a classroom.  Of course, since this is Yard business he'll probably want to leave now."  Sherlock was calm as he spoke.  The music seemed to have relaxed him.
"Thank you."
"Serious relationships?  Or are you just asking how many people I've dated?"  John tried to sound casual.
"It wasn't there."
"Peter?"
"Is this person in court today?"
"Did you recognize any of them?" Lou said.
"Yes," he whispered.
"I can most certainly do that. I am going to do that. My only question is whether you will be coming with me or not." Determination mixed with the fury, this time.
"Can you tell me about the first one you remember?"
"He was.  Probably still is.  But until he met Sherlock that was his only friend.  If your mother ignores you and the kids at school all tease you you'll be attached to that one person who gives you a party and wants to hear you tell about your day.  That's worth all the rotten bits."
"I don't think so," he whispered.
“No.”
He resisted the urge to try to tear his penis off, somehow. This always happened. One trip to The Room and all his supposed inhibitions melted away. The Room was too comforting to abandon, but this...
"John Aherne."
"Not all of it, of course.  Most of the photographs.  We're still trying to identify the children in most of them." There was an awkward silence.
There was no doubt in John's mind that he meant what he was saying. "No. I'm not. If you don't want to see a therapist it'd be stupid to force you to. I am going to a group though."
"From what little we know, she came to the UK as a refugee of some kind.  No other family.  Taken into care and bounced around a lot, so we're not sure when she was in K's care."
“On the contrary, Mr. Ogbeide, this has been a very useful conversation, and I'm glad to have spoken with you.”  Sherlock rose from his chair and turned off the recorder.
A few audience members gasped, but Lou went on as if nothing were amiss.  "What did you say then?"
“Something like that,” he replied.
"Did you ask her about what the other man said?"
"What's your name?"
"What do you know about the ones who you didn't meet?"
He opened the door and got in the car. "No. It was a typo. I've had so many things to think about in the last few days that I wasn't paying attention. Where are we going?"
"They already liked what they saw of his music and art.  And he really needs a new place to study."  Mr. Rodgers' words were cut off as Phillip and Sherlock emerged from the bedroom.
"She probably touched my groin the most but she really did touch me all over."  Hesitation could be heard in his voice, but otherwise he sounded remarkably composed.
"Maybe... I was... since I was fourteen then I remembered what She had said about how we could get married when I was eighteen.  I kept talking about it."
"What of?"
"You're doing it though.  I know you're in a lot of pain.  I just want to help."
"Just that you shouldn't wait up for him."  She patted John on the shoulder.  "You're not the only one who worries about him, you know."
"Are you coming back?"
“Why don’t you come and get me?”
"Mrs. Hudson brought up some food a bit ago.  Said she didn't think you'd want to cook for a while."
"You wanted a friend," John said gently.  "You wanted someone to love you.  You wanted physical affection.  That's normal."
"And he looks just like him because..." The woman sounded tired. "Is it his evil twin brother?"
"That'd be me, then.  I'm next oldest," said the man in the jumper.  "Mum and Dad told me a few times 'Dominic, you're going to have to look out for your brothers,' since I came first.  When we got moved to care I tried to make sure they would be okay.  Let them get served supper first and let them say whether we play football or rugby."  He looked over at his sister.  "And like Christine said, our mum wasn't much for a cuddle and I liked that She was always up for it.  I don't really remember when it was except that Graham and Martin were outside and Christina was out with some of her mates.  I had a cough and She told me it was better to stay inside.  In Her room was the telly, a big one.  Any time you wanted to watch a movie you'd go in there.  When I was in the middle of some film She comes in and asks if She can watch with me.  Since everyone else was out I said yes, because I was alone.  At first She sat right next to me but near the end She asks if I would mind sitting in Her lap.  I didn't, really, and told Her that was good.  For a few minutes it was all right, then She puts Her hand on the waistband of my trousers.  I knew it was there but didn't really think about it.  Then after another few minutes Her hand's on my leg, rubbing in circles.  It was.  I don't know.  Strange.  But I got used to it.  Then She moved Her hand again."  He fell silent.  "Now it was right in front of the zipper of my trousers.  This time when She started making circles it felt better."  A pause.  "Then when the film was over She left like nothing had happened.  That was the first time."  He looked like he wanted to say more, but instead looked down at his hands, just like his sister.
"Yeah.  A bunch of times.  Sometimes I'd tell him things about Her, even though I tried not to give him enough to figure out who it was."
"She told me how they did.  She said then that if I did that we could both pretend She was my mummy."  Phillip currently looked like he wanted to evaporate on the spot.  "I did, a little."  A very long pause.  "Then She told me to shut my eyes again and She took me out of the flat and when I opened my eyes again I was back home."
John stayed silent the whole way home, thinking about everything that the group had said. It had helped, even he had to admit that. It wasn't until he was actually walking up the steps that he wondered how Sherlock was doing now. He tried to tell himself that if anything horrible had happened he'd have heard about it by now, but the feeling didn't subside until he got through the door and found Sherlock asleep on the sofa, using Hamish for a pillow. For some reason that made him feel more calm than he had in days, and he went to prepare lunch thinking that he might be inching towards a solution.
"Yeah," Moira said and then buried her head in her arms.  Lou walked over to the witness stand and talked quietly with her and the judge.
"Yes, I have.  Almost six."
I have no idea if such a plea agreement is possible in the middle of a trial in the UK, but if it's not I'll handwave it as a result of Mycroft.
"You and your three continents!  I'll bet you just think it's hilarious!  That's why you went on about how good it felt!  You thought it was funny that I wanted to bathe in acid!  You're thinking about how I just didn't know how good I had it!"  Before John could respond Sherlock turned and stormed away.  He still hadn't been able to process what had happened when he heard the door to his room slam shut.
“I’m going to take our relationship to the next step.”
"How..." John couldn't make himself finish the sentence.
"In two weeks."
None of this was related to the recent news about the case, and it took John a bit to realize that Mycroft just needed to tell someone about it.  He wondered if Mycroft would eventually get to the news.
The words didn't seem to cheer Mr. Aherne. "She said she doesn't know. Maybe she really doesn't know."
Once Phillip and his father had left, John and Sherlock both went back to bed.  John wondered how Sherlock felt about the whole thing, and he wanted to ask what he wanted Mycroft to do, but Sherlock had just said "We should return to bed if you want to meet with your group tomorrow."  John did want to meet with them, had in fact been looking forward to it all week, and so he followed.  It only took a few minutes before both were fast asleep.
John almost asked the woman who came to the door where her husband was. He was eternally glad he hadn't done so, because a few exchanges between her and Sherlock revealed that not only was she the one who had abused the children, she'd also been the one that abused Sherlock. And she didn't seem to feel bad about it. She smiled the whole time. Sherlock was the one who practically had to be carried back to Baker Street. From there things had only gotten worse.
"And she got a boy that looked just like me."
Victor Trevor didn't seem to be the most intimidating of witnesses, but he easily seemed the most confident.  He wore a suit that looked tailor-made and was of some obviously expensive fabric.  He was Sherlock's height, but dark-skinned and with short hair.  He even managed to sit down in an elegant manner.
