He had a baby that he didn’t feel capable of raising on his own. He was angrier than ever at Sherlock. He needed someone to blame so he blamed Sherlock. It was all his fault that Mary was dead. He should have protected her like he promised. Now everything was ruined. Nothing would ever be okay again.
Sherlock hesitated, meeting his gaze then looking away. "You don't have time for me anymore. You're married and having a child and I can't... that's... I'm happy for you John."
John starts off slow, keeping in mind that Sherlock is a virgin, but eventually his rhythm gets faster. He thrusts into Sherlock deeper.
John's eyes widened in surprise and he withdrew his hand. "Talk to me," he encouraged instead. "Tell me what's wrong."
John sighed but went to do as he was told. He knew that once Sherlock made up his mind about something like this no one would convince him otherwise.
When John emerged from his shower fully dressed, he found Sherlock sitting on their bed with his head in his hands obviously in his mind palace.
“Tell John I’ll see him for dinner tonight,” she said, leaving before his family can return home from their outing.
That night, Sherlock found himself actually looking forward to going to sleep next to John. It was strange to think about, because the truth was he never wanted to share a bed with any of his other acquaintances or co-workers. But John was different. John was an exception. And having him nearby made Sherlock feel comforted in a way. He slept peacefully, knowing he was safe with John by his side.
John was actually a very skilled kisser. He knew what to do and where to touch to get the best response. It was kind of impressive really. John was a doctor and knew the human body well. Or maybe it was just all the practice he had. John had several sexual romantic and sexual partners in his life time where as Sherlock only had one. He had Irene and no one could ever replace her.
John was practically ripping Sherlock's clothes off, unable to get them off fast enough. He successfully stripped Sherlock down to his underwear before giving him a shove towards his bedroom. John was shedding his own clothes along the way.
"You chose her over me," Sherlock said. "That's why I did this. You chose her and you have a new life with her with no room for me in it."
They soon reached their destination. The small but semi-busy ice cream stand was a welcome sight to the detective. They had work to do. It would help distract John from thinking of Mary.
It was just a dream. Moriarty was dead. There were no threats lurking. Everything was alright, no cause for alarm.
"Just friends?" Sherlock pressed her for more information, leaning in closer and raising an eyebrow skeptically.
"I'm wonderful, Mary," He said. "But now that You mention it, we really are quite busy. We must be going." He wasn't going to tell her anything and let her get involved in their lives again or allow her to use him for information.
Before they could leave the scene, Mycroft was calling Sherlock on a video call. He answered, annoyed and frustrated by the interruption. He pulled John away from the crime scene to speak to his brother.
John's lips were suddenly pressed against his own. John was kissing him. He realized after a moment that he better kiss back if they wanted to make this believable.
Sherlock had always been aware of how handsome John Watson was. They’d known each other and been living together for three months now. For three months, Sherlock had been changing and becoming his truest self. There were the expected changes, voice becoming deeper, a little facial hair sprouting, and the unexpected… John looked hotter to him than ever.
John wrapped a hand around Sherlock’s cock and jacked him sloppily to the rhythm of his quick thrusts.
Sherlock rocked against him shamelessly. John just barely bit back a moan. Then Sherlock's hand was between their bodies, rubbing him through his jeans.
"You've never understood. You never even realized it when it was right in front of your face the whole time."
“You’re having a panic attack,” John told him. “It’s alright. Look at me. Breathe.” He pulled Sherlock into strong embrace. “You’re safe.”
"I'm sorry, Mrs. Holmes, but no one can make Sherlock do anything. Not even me. He's stubborn." John finished off some freshly baked bread, some steamed vegetables, then devoured a piece of chocolate cake for desert.
This was part of what he despised about her. She liked him for some reason and was inexplicably determined to be friends with him. She was actually quite intelligent but she had a complicated history of lying and manipulating people. It made him distrust her, but it was also part of what probably attracted John to her in the first place. He knew the truth though. Mary was no good for John. She was bad news and it was best to stay as far away from her as possible.
"I know you," John said. "It would be so easy." He leaned in like he planned to kiss him. It was startling, yet he couldn't pull away. Then John leaned back again and laughed.
He got up from the table where they were having dinner, not too happy to have his romantic dinner with Mary being interrupted by a Holmes yet again.
John hadn’t meant to offend him. He couldn’t deny that he’d thought about having sex with Sherlock. But he never thought Sherlock would actually be interested in doing that with him. He still didn’t really know what all of this meant and if he’d regret it in the morning, but it seemed to make sense currently in his alcohol fogged brain. They were best friends. Sherlock trusted him. He could help him. Why shouldn’t he do it? He couldn’t find a single reason to say no.
Then it was John's turn to stare, wide eyed in shock. Had he heard that right? No, this wasn't right. Sherlock was not in love with him. "That's not funny," John told him.
"Oh... " Sherlock thought of all his interactions with Molly and wondered if he'd missed something. Was she really in love with him? Why?
She nodded and wiped her face with some tissues. "I used the restroom and when I walked past my sister on the way out, she was talking to some guy."
Mary wasn't exactly thrilled to hear the news. John honestly expected her to hand him divorce papers. She didn't.
Sherlock didn’t hesitate. He had been thinking this over for a while now. “Because you care about me. And because if you say yes, then this is a free vacation for you.”
They’d never been able to admit the way they felt about each other but they didn’t have to. It was obvious.
Boyfriends… it was so strange to hear that term but he would have to get used to it. He didn’t think his parents would question it too much. They knew that he and John spent almost every moment together since they’d met. They liked John very much. And they knew that Sherlock identified as pansexual. He was attracted to people for who they were rather than their gender, something he’d figured out as a teenager and discussed openly with his family who were fortunately supportive. They wanted him to be happy and thought that it would take a romantic partner to make him happy. It was silly. But he would let them believe that he’d found what they wanted him to find. It was easier than arguing about it all the time.
Hot? John thought he was hot? He couldn’t believe it. He had been called many things but hot wasn’t usually one of those things.
There are no more responses from Sherlock and John thinks he might have a heart attack before he can even get to Baker Street.
They spent the rest of the night in bed watching movies on Netflix and playing cluedo. John brought him dinner in bed and plenty of water to help with the not-quite-heat-stroke. They laughed together and no one mentioned Mary or the case.
Sherlock resigned himself to the punishment from John, knowing that he most likely deserved it. When John decided that he was clean and awake enough, he pulled him out of the shower and threw a towel at him.
"Let's go for a swim," John suggested, suddenly stripping his shirt off and leaving it in the dirt on his way towards the lake.
They changed back into regular clothes. Sherlock was just about to pull his shirt on when John walked into the room, fully dressed. "Sherlock!" He exclaimed. "You're all sunburned."
Sherlock never really thought that he would be this close to John’s penis. That he could actually touch John so intimately. He hesitated, nervous. He’d never touched anyone this way. He’d touched himself but it was always quick, like a chore, just to relieve the tension. John’s body was perfect, every single inch of him. Sherlock loved John’s muscular thighs, the scars that all told stories, the trail of golden hair on his lower belly, his thick cock which was hard and dripping precum. Sherlock impulsively wrapped a hand around the base of John’s cock and licked at the tip to taste his precum. John moaned louder. “Sherlock…”
Sherlock had been staring at the pictures on his cell phone for over an hour now. When John finally awoke beside him, he immediately asked him "Do you think that Irene ever cheated on me?"
Sherlock rested his chin on his fingers, his usual thinking pose. "Doubtful. This isn't one of those silly horror films you insist on watching every Halloween."
Sherlock watched in amusement as John easily lied to his parents. He smiled as he told them about how he and Sherlock had grown closer over time and eventually realized their romantic feelings for each other. “Sherlock’s stubborn and he’d never be the first to admit his feelings,” John explained, chuckling. “I knew I’d have to make the first move.” His mother laughed along with John, clearly believing his tale. “We’d both been drinking a little one night to celebrate solving a difficult case. It was during a game of cluedo. He was rambling on about the rules of the game and I couldn’t listen to it anymore. I shut him up with a kiss. I confessed my feelings afterword and we’ve been together ever since.”
Sherlock was starting to get hard again already. All of the time he deprived his body of what it craved, now his desire was unstoppable.
Sherlock opened his mouth to say something then thought better of it. He sighed instead. John glared at him, letting him know that he wasn't going to let this go. He finally answered. "I did this because of you."
Nonetheless, he can't help his own attraction to John. The attraction has been there for a long time but he's never sure if John returns that feeling. He'd never risk making a move on John and screwing up their friendship so he ignores the attraction the best that he can.
John kissed his neck and tugged at his curls and Sherlock moaned, unable to help himself. He tried to do the same for John, kissing at his neck, curiously experimenting with sucking and licking and nipping with his teeth. He nipped harder and John gasped. It was exhilarating to produce such a sound of pleasure from John. He focused on all of the ways John responded to his touches, figuring out what John liked and doing those things again when they caused a positive reaction. He let his hands wander down John’s body, groping at John’s ass and pressing their bodies together eagerly.
Sherlock sighed. As John swam and ducked under the water, Sherlock stripped and hurried to join his friend in the water, realizing that there was no escape. John swam over to him and splashed him playfully. He was grinning and so happy that Sherlock didn't mind having to stop working for a little while. It was worth it to see John this way. Sherlock wanted to stay in this moment forever, alone with John, carefree in the sunshine.
"John... " Sherlock was sitting on the bathroom floor, back against the wall. His curls were a complete mess and he was breathing erratically.
John’s lips were surprisingly softer than he’d imagined they would be. He braced himself for John to push him away, but he didn’t. Instead John was kissing him back.
“Brother!” Sherlock practically pounced on him as he walked through the front door of the cabin. “Just the person I need to see.”
He lay on his side, facing the wall. When John snuggled up behind him and put an arm around him he didn't stop him.
"I thought she was honest with me, that I was the one person she told everything to. I have never been so wrong."
"Let's reel it in. I'll help you." John stood behind him, his chest against Sherlock's back, arms going around him and covering his own to help him reel in his line.The hook felt heavy as they slowly dragged it through the water towards the dock. Sherlock' s heart raced with excitement. He told himself he was excited about the fish and not by John's arms around him.
They arrived at the coffee shop and placed their orders, coffee for John and tea for Sherlock. The young male barista with the short stylish hair winked at Sherlock as they took their beverages.
It was all too much for John and he found himself following Sherlock into bliss, coming in his own pants like an eager teenager.
“I’ve always wanted to try… can you turn over?” The alcohol in his bloodstream made him bolder than he usually would. And since everything seemed to be going well so far, he was getting less nervous and more curious to try all that he could with John. There was one thing in particular that he’d seen online and hadn’t been able to stop thinking about it.
Sherlock yawned. He had not slept well, keeping his back to John the whole night and leaving as much space between them as possible. The truth is, he was still bothered by what John had said to him after their boat trip on the lake. He was seriously beginning to think that this was all a big mistake. Perhaps they should admit defeat, confess to the truth, and return home.
Half an hour later, Sherlock and John arrived at the crime scene. The body had not yet been moved. John bit his lip, forcing himself to look at the details. He was used to seeing dead bodies after his time as a doctor and especially his time as ts crime solving partner. But the sight of this body was a little unexpected and it made him a bit uneasy.
Sherlock started to touch himself. He rubbed between his legs and bit back a moan. 'I am,' he managed to text back.
Now John was even more shy. Sherlock wanted to talk about this and who else would he talk about it with? Certainly he wouldn't tell his brother about this so that only left John, his very best friend.
John was so free and happy with Sherlock around and he'd been so very broken when Mary had met him. It was an incredible sight to see him like this. She loved John. And she loved Sherlock. And knowing what it would do to them both if she tried to keep them from each other, she couldn't do it. She couldn't separate them. She knew John was in love with him. Or at least, she had suspected as much. And she suspected the same about Sherlock pretty much the moment she had met him.
John finally turned to face him, raising an eyebrow. “You don’t like seeing me anymore? Is that why you were acting so weird? Is it something I did? Maybe this vacation wasn’t…”
Was that weird? Would John get grossed out? Too late to take the message back now. All he could do was hope that it didn't make him seem like a pervert.
Once again John had his parents laughing with him. Sherlock rolled his eyes. Mycroft made a quiet disgusted sound as if their relationship repulsed him.
By noon Sherlock had forgotten about the awkward start to the day and reluctantly agreed to go into town with his parents and John. The idea of going on a shopping trip for souvenirs sort of made him want to puke but John insisted that this was necessary in order to keep up their charade. This vacation could not end soon enough.
Finally they pulled the fish up out of the water. It was just a little fish with a spiky fin on its back. Not very impressive, but John was thrilled.
John cupped Sherlock's face in his hands and kissed him. He'd wanted to kiss him for so long and it was even more amazing than he thought it would be. Sherlock kissed him back desperately, clinging to him.
The girl bit her lip nervously. She wouldn't make eye contact with them as she said "We were just friends."
“We’ll have to share this bed,” Sherlock said, stuffing his clothes and belongings into an oak dresser. He was a little nervous now that they had arrived and he couldn’t avoid facing his parents. He hoped his story could hold up even to Mycroft or he’d never be able to live down making up such a silly plan. It would be humiliating. He yearned for a cigarette but couldn’t let his parents catch him smoking. He was trying to make a good impression on them.
“Let you go? I tried to! I tried to let you go when I thought you died! I tried to move on with my life! I was going to ask Mary to marry me!”
"Jesus," John said, automatically grabbing his friend by the wrist and pulling him back away from the nest. "Why are you always so fascinated by dangerous things?"
Sherlock was glad for once to have his brother around. As annoying as Mycroft was, he could be useful in a moment like this. And maybe he wasn’t the worst person in the world, because he did clearly care enough to help his brother and John with this problem called Mary.
Sherlock stared at John, contemplating his answer. “Sometimes,” he admitted. “Sometimes I dream about you.”
Sherlock hadn’t told him about the wedding but of course he knew. He always knew everything, didn’t he? “It hasn’t started yet. I was about to leave.”
"It's not that I'm not attracted to you. I like you a lot. And I do want to have sex with you." John couldn't help himself. It had been so long since he'd had sex with anyone and Sherlock was so very attractive. He found it exciting moving fast with Sherlock, never knowing what was coming next. "But we're at your parents house. We shouldn't."
"First of all, Sherlock, you are a guy," John replied. "You know you are and so do I. If anyone ever tries to tell you different, they're idiots and not worth your time"
"It doesn't," Moriarty agreed. "Because it's not real. None of it. Kind of like your fake relationship with John Watson. You don't really love him. Or maybe you do. I can never tell."
John was asleep wearing only his boxers and a t-shirt. The more nights they shared a bed, the more comfortable John seemed to become with this arrangement. Sherlock imagined John was used to sharing close quarters with other men after his time in the service, and probably didn't think much of being seen in his underwear. Back home at their apartment, John usually wore a robe and they didn't share a bed.
It was around noon and Sherlock and John were sitting together in a canoe. The lake was still and the sun shone brightly. John wiped a little sweat off his forehead with his hand. He made a pained face, tilting his head to hide it from Sherlock. But the detective saw it anyway because he always saw everything and he knew John very well by now.
"Don't say that," Sherlock replied, frowning. He tried to pull his hand away but John caught him by the wrist. "Don't take his side."
John grins in response and kisses him. Sherlock has gotten a lot more confident in their kissing now. He kisses John back with just as much passion and desire.
Sherlock shook his head. "I thought we did. I thought I knew her, but I didn't. She had everyone fooled, even me."
John reclined on the bed, smiling, at ease and apparently extremely proud of himself. Was this all so funny to him? "No, not all," he teased.
"No, I just want to take a walk around town on my own. I need to clear my head, really focus on this missing person case." He couldn't let this baseball through his fingers like the other. How could he have failed? He couldn't afford any distractions.
He kept his eyes to himself and his back turned to John as they dressed. He checked his cell phone and saw a missed call and voicemail from Lestrade. There had been a new lead in the case. "Hurry, John," he said. He grabbed John's hand, pulling him along.
Then everything changed. His wife was gone and she would never come back. His best friend had promised to protect her and failed. This was not a fake death like Sherlock when he took the fall. Mary would not surprise him at a restaurant in a couple years laughing at her own brilliance. She was gone forever. It hurt more than words could explain. He was so alone.
"I don't want to hear any excuses. Just make sure no one else sees You with her or you''ll ruin everything. We're still supposed to be a couple."
He practically ran in order to get to bed, collapsing into his pillows gratefully. He hid his face, Molly's words echoing in his mind.
John walked over now. "You failed, Sherlock. You're just a joke. You're not a genius. You can't solve any cases. You're not a puzzle solver, you're just a drama queen."
He looked at John now and a bit of that guilt was hitting him again as he prepared to ask John for a rather large favor. Better to get it over with as quickly as possible. "John?" He questioned.
They made their way to the dining room where Mrs. Holmes had set up a feast for dinner. There was freshly baked bread, venison, salads, fish, fresh vegetables, and pies for dessert. “Help yourself to the food,” she told John.
Sherlock paused, flooded with memories of all the time they’d spent together. He remembered flirting with John. It had never gone farther than that. Sherlock couldn’t help wondering what if he hadn’t disappeared? Would John be engaged to him instead of Mary? There was no use wondering though, he told himself. He couldn’t change the past. John was marrying Mary today, not him.
"I was going eventually, when I found the right way. I knew you'd be upset, that you wouldn't understand. It's no secret that you don't approve of her."
The 'fishing buddy' lived with his mother in an almost stereotypical small town country home. The dirt road lead through the trees down to a house with missing shingles and peeling blue paint. The yard was torn up by what appeared to be ATV tracks. There was an old grill, broken lawn chairs, and a rusty bicycle near the back of the house. Overgrown weeds were tangled near the door as they approached and knocked, finding the doorbell was dead.
Sherlock wasn’t sure what to do. He tried to move with John, to thrust deeper inside him, but it was harder to time his movements with John than he thought it would be. He moved his hips occasionally but mostly let John control everything. He placed his hands on John’s waist. He reached up and teased one of his nipples then let his hands settle on his waist again.
John smiled at him. "Yes, of course I do. I should have told you sooner. But I didn't want to risk our friendship. You're important to me."
John pulled him from his rather depressing thoughts, suggesting they take a walk together along the lake shore. It seemed like something a couple might do and since they were pretending to be a couple he agreed to accompany John.
"This is the wound that killed her, inflicted with a hunting knife measuring approximately six inches," Sherlock deduced, gesturing at her slit throat. The wound was very deep and would have resulted in a fairly quick death and a lot of blood loss. "This wound took place after her death."
Sherlock makes a loud, high pitched sound as he comes, shuddering hard with the intensity of his orgasm.
Mycroft dragged him home sometime around midnight. "We were afraid you'd gone and gotten yourself killed," he said.
“You’re shaking,” Sherlock pointed out. “Maybe we should have tried a different position.” He hoped that John wasn’t putting too much of a strain on himself or his war injuries.
They discussed the case together in the privacy of their bedroom. "We have to find the hunter she left with," Sherlock said.
"Fuck!" John kicked an anatomy book on the floor, sending it flying across the room in anger. "All this time... If you told me, do you have any idea how different things could have turned out? Sherlock, I've been in love with you since the day we met!"
He made a face as John found a stick that he peeled and used to hold hotdogs that he roasted over the fire for lunch. He doubted it was very sanitary but held back any rude comments and even ate one of the hot dogs just to make John happy. He owed John for playing along as his lover and dealing with his horrid older brother the whole time.
"She had a name," Eliza sniffled, dabbling her eyes and smeared mascara with a handful of crumpled tissues.
They lay there together sticky and sweaty and trying to catch their breath, both at a loss for words.
John stood up and began pacing across the floor. He felt like hitting Sherlock the same way Molly had done earlier but didn't think that it would help the situation at all. "I am your best friend," he told Sherlock. "I care about you. I never left you. I got married and moved in with my wife. That's different."
"What do you think it means? Is this the reason he took her heart? Are his murders motivated by murder?"
John's head was metaphorically spinning. He couldn't keep up with all of this. "What? As a...fake date again?"
After dinner, Sherlock whispered to John. "I don't think convincing Mycroft is going to be as easy as I'd hoped."
Sherlock told himself that this was a side effect of the increased sex drive the testosterone gave him. His doctor had even warned him “Your sex drive will increase a lot and I want you to be prepared for it.” But as someone who’s sex drive had been non-existant his whole life, he’d shrugged off the warning. He definitely wasn’t prepared for it. The way that he had to hold back a groan every time he smelled John’s cologne. How his ‘bottom growth’ got erect every time John brushed against him accidentally. How he dreamed at night of John smiling and chuckling and he woke up wet and aching.
When he awoke the next morning he found John sleeping peacefully, an arm thrown around Sherlock's waist. The detective couldn't help but smile.
So he took a walk down to the lake, making himself comfortable beneath  a shady tree with a book. Still, he found that it was hard to focus. His mind was racing. He kept thinking of the case. And Irene. And Mary. Liars and cheaters, all of them. John wasn't here to discuss the case with. He wasn't allowed any drugs. So he called the only person he could when in a situation like this.
He didn't want to admit those doubts aloud as he sat with his best friend John in his own apartment. They were together on his couch, their tea forgotten and cooling in mismatched mugs on the coffee table.
Sherlock had not swam in a lake since he was a child. "No, I can't," he said awkwardly, shaking his head.
It was chilly as John sat on the bench with his old friend Mike. He wrapped his scarf around his neck, pulling his jacket tighter around him.
"Strangulation marks on her neck," Sherlock pointed out the bruising inflicted by the killer's hands.
Mycroft hesitates, clearly taken aback by the whole situation. What do you say when you find out John Watson just took your brother’s virginity? He clears his throat and says “Right… well, I just came to check on you but I see that you are quite well.”
He had to fix this. She was too good for him. She deserved better. And the last thing he wanted to do was lead her on. He valued her friendship and she needed to know that.
"He treats me like a guy," Sherlock said. "He calls me Mister and it makes me smile. John, no one's been interested in me that way before. There's a week left until my eighteenth birthday and he's the only one who's wanted me."
They agreed to meet the girl at a nearby coffee shop in an hour, then headed to find Sherlock's parents.
And that was all Sherlock needed to hear. 'Another girlfriend' She saw herself as this guy's girlfriend. But besides the fact that he was a was clearly a liar and a cheater, he had a relationship with this girl that was inappropriate. She was only 15, underage.
"I've been working on a case," he said. Then he found himself pouring everything out to her. She was easy to talk to. He told her about the case and about Irene cheating on him and how he was annoyed that Mary was here because he didn't trust her.
It was late at night and John stood in the flat that he had once shared with Sherlock. He was so angry. “This is all your fault!” he shouted. “You ruined my life. I will never forgive you, Sherlock. I hate you.”
“Fuck… Sherlock… “ This feels amazing. John can’t hold back anymore. He fucks Sherlock hard and fast.
“This is for the best,” Sherlock attempted to reassure John. If only he could erase Mary from John’s memory completely.
The hour that John was gone seemed to last forever. He was relieved when John returned but that relief didn't last long. Much to his dismay, he found John accompanied by Mary, sitting together by the lake.
“Yes, it’s true,” Sherlock insisted. “Just because you failed to notice, doesn’t make it untrue. Maybe your powers of deduction are slipping, dear brother. It’s probably your old age.”
He expected the other boy to take the chair and go sit with his friends but instead he sat with him at his table. He smiled at him and it nearly took Sherlock's breath away. He was extremely handsome.
"Of course," Sherlock replied, bending down and gently taking the fish off the hook. He placed the fish in the water where it promptly swam back away.
Sherlock nodded, rolling off of the bed and reaching into his desk drawer. He found the small bottle in the back under a bunch of crumpled up papers. He handed it to John then moved to sit between John’s legs, watching curiously as he slid a finger inside himself. He quickly added another, moving the two fingers slowly in and out of his hole.
John cried out as he came deep inside of Sherlock. He nipped at Sherlock’s neck, giving him a few more quick strokes and that was all it took.
Sherlock grimaced. "That sounds disgusting." He couldn't even be sure he knew what exactly a maple candy was or how it was made. It was not the type of delicacy people back home often enjoyed.
John doesn't hesitate. He finds that yes indeed Sherlock is wet and so very aroused for him and it's such a turn on knowing that Sherlock wants him this much. He's getting to have Sherlock in a way no one else ever has before.
This vacation was turning into a nightmare. Not only had Mary returned, he had failed to solve the case. No justice had been served. He was a failure, too distracted by his parents and his fake relationship with John. He didn't feel like a great detective at all. He just wanted to go home and drown himself in the strongest alcoholic beverage he could find.
"You deserve better than Jim," John insisted. "You can find someone better. Someone else would be happy to have you. You're an amazing person. I know that because I wouldn't be your best friend if you weren't."
They discussed having dinner the next night together. Sherlock met John at the diner and they sat at a table facing each other.
Sherlock nodded. “Alright.” He switched positions with John, pulling him down on top of him. He lay on his back and tried to thrust against John. “Hurry.”
After a moment of thought, John said "No one has found him yet. No one has heard from him. His cell phone is still off. No sign of him at all."
He snuck out for a smoke when his parents weren't paying attention. He needed the nicotine to calm him down. His mind was racing and it was overwhelming.
"I'm transgender." Sherlock braced himself for John to freak out. It was inevitable. Sherlock would go home alone after and try not to let it bother him but it probably would.
Sherlock didn't even want to look at John anymore. This was all so ridiculous. "You're right. It is fake. All of this will be over soon." His heart was racing and he felt like he was suffocating. His instincts told him to run, escape, fight or flight. He wanted more than anything to make it all stop.
John laughed. "Yes, as many times as you want. But I should let your brother know you're okay now. And Mary..."
“What did I do all my life to deserve this?” John sniffled. “She did nothing but lie to me since the day I met her.”
She frowned but waved her hand in the air dismissively. "At least we had a few hours to spend together. I guess I should feel lucky for that. Go on ahead then."
Sherlock had to move papers and books and notes about experiments off of his bed. He knocked it all onto the floor without a care. John lay down on his bed and motioned for him to join him.
He took his time getting into the lake while John dove right in. The water was chilly on his warm skin and soft mud squished under his feet unpleasantly as he waded in up to his waist.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow at that. "That's rather arrogant. What makes you so sure?" He sat next to John and attempted to help him massage his sore shoulder.
They made their way back to shore where Sherlock' s family was waiting for them. "They're staring at us," Sherlock complained.
Once he arrives, he throws a bunch of money at the driver then races up the stairs to their apartment. He is mildly relieved to find Sherlock laying on the couch. He's clearly unharmed and alive. His fingers are steepled in front of his face as he thinks and John can see his chest rising and falling with each breath. He's got on his pajama pants, an old tee shirt, and his house coat. It's the same thing he was wearing this morning when John left for work.
Sherlock kissed John back, enjoying the feeling of their naked bodies pressed together. “You’re aroused,” he said.
John doesn’t have to be told twice. He thrusts all the way inside and groans quietly at how good it feels to finally be inside Sherlock.
Sherlock couldn't help but chuckle. "No, you're not," he said. He stretched and yawned, not used to getting so many hours of sleep in one night. He was known to go days without sleep when he was consumed by an interesting case. "I'm going to shower," he informed John. "You may help yourself to breakfast in my absence."
Sherlock raised an eyebrow, caught off guard by the suggestion. "What?" Perhaps it was a joke and he wasn't understanding the humor. That sometimes happened to him with certain people, though he and John usually did a good job of understanding each other.
Before he knew it, John’s was completely shirtless and explaining all of his scars. Some had been earned in combat and other had been accidents. “I even got stabbed in the thigh,” John was saying, and just like that he undid his belt and dropped his pants.
He pulls Sherlock's pants and underwear down, letting the material pool around his ankles. Then he kneels in front of him and Sherlock moves his legs apart a little more to give John better access. He wants this so badly.
Sherlock rocked his hips. He slid his fingers inside himself. He was wet and they slid in easily. He imagined his fingers were John. He texted back quickly 'I'm going to come.'
“I need to…” Sherlock shifted again. He couldn’t think clearly with John pressed against him like this.
It was a double edge blade that stabbed him in the heart. Not only had Irene cheated on him, he also felt like a complete idiot when he prided himself on being so clever. He was such a fool for believing in love. He had thought Irene was his perfect mate and he'd been so happy living in ignorant bliss. Now he knew better. Love was not real.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. Was this seriously happening? Why did Mary's aunt have to live here and why did Mary have to be visiting her now? He found Mary to be annoying and it was frustrating having their case interrupted by a reunion like this. The sooner Mary went away, the sooner they could return to the case which was much more interesting than Mary Morstan.
John decides to just go for it. He’s had enough of hiding and playing games and not taking what he truly wants which is Sherlock. He’s not so worried about everyone else’s feelings anymore. He’s bitter and damaged and he wants to fuck Sherlock. He tells him that. “I want to fuck you. Right now.”
Sherlock was grasping at John's sweater and squirming slightly beneath him. He was gasping and moaning John's name desperately. "John!" There was an urgency in his tone.
Occasionally he had found men who were interested in him but more often than not they looked at him like a fetish or they wanted more from him than he was willing to give. He didn't want a relationship that consisted solely of sex. He wanted something more but feared that he'd never have it.
It hurt a little, because spit wasn’t really proper lubrication, but he didn’t care. He enjoyed the pain, knowing that what they were doing was wrong and still not wanting to stop.
'That's hot,' he said to John. It made him sound kind of stupid but his brain was too fogged with lust to think of anything more intelligent to say.
"No one knows what goes on in your head, Sherlock. You're going to have to explain. None of this is making sense."
"My list is on the back." Did John always have to be that slow? Would he have to explain everything to him forever?
He arrived at the cabin to see Mary and John saying goodbye, saw the way her hand lingered on his arm.
As they ate breakfast together, he told John that he'd spoken to Molly. "I thought I'd check in with her," he said casually, not wanting to admit he'd pretty much spilled his guts to her.
Sherlock explored John’s body, fingers tracing his muscles and his scars with admiration. He wished they could slow down so that this moment could last forever. But he didn’t have forever. He was going to take full advantage of the time they did have together though. He wouldn’t risk anyone interrupting and stealing this from him. He’d waited so long for this.
At dinner, Mycroft was asking a lot of questions about their relationship. Sherlock was tense and no longer able to relax, frustrated by his brother's behavior and worried their plain would be ruined. Thank goodness John was handling it well, thinking fast and coming up with believable answers.
"Right," John said, nodding in agreement. "I guess we better head back before Mycroft drags us to the cabin himself."
It wasn't a question but John still replied. "No, I'm not. Sweet girl. Just... not what I'm looking for."
Sherlock had come back from the dead. Well, he’d never actually been dead. And though that was probably a good thing, it was pissing John off.
“Not that it’s a problem,” his mother was quick to add. “We adore John. The two of you are so perfect together. It makes sense that you would be a good couple.”
He tugged John’s briefs down and off. John’s cock was perfect like the rest of him, not too big and not too small. His blond pubic hair was neat and trim. Sherlock watched, mesmerized as precum dripped from the tip of his erection. He had a sudden urge to taste it but was unsure how John would react. Besides, he was too excited and too impatient and too drunk to bother with much foreplay. “See anything you like?” John asked him.
“Yes you are!” John shouted, making Sherlock flinch. “This is unbelievable. How could you possibly be turned on?”
“Sure, but I deleted the text messages. I didn’t want my mom to see them. She wouldn’t like me smoking cause her dad died of lung cancer.” She handed over a beat up iphone with a scratched screen and a peeling Puerto Rico flag sticker on the back.
"This is him," she showed them a picture on her cell phone. The boy was grinning and shirtless with a mop of dark blond hair. He looked no different than any other teenage boy really.
He realized that he’d somehow forgotten to pack his own toothpaste and decided to borrow John’s. It tasted of cinnamon which was an interesting contrast to Sherlock’s preferred mint flavor. If he actually had to kiss John to make this relationship believable, is this how his mouth would taste? That didn’t seem appropriate to think about so he quickly finished up preparing for bed. He dressed in a tee shirt and silky pajama pants.
Sherlock promised himself that he wouldn't settle but he knew that was exactly what he was doing. He was a difficult man to get along with. And the gender thing only made it more complicated when it came to relationships.
John changed in their shared bedroom while he changed in the bathroom. He had not brought any swim suits but his parents had already stocked some in the cabin for him in his size. John thought that this was a thoughtful gesture. Sherlock found it annoyingly overbearing.
Suddenly John's own cell phone began to ring, startling them both. He fumbled for it in his pocket and answered it quickly. "Mary," he said.
John's hand moves up Sherlock's thigh then slides between their bodies to rub Sherlock through his pants.
Sherlock gasped as the cold water hit him in the face and drenched his clothes. He weakly attempted to shove John away, feeling kind of like he was drowning.
John smelled of her perfume and it made Sherlock feel sick to his stomach. “I’m all sweaty,” he complained. “It’s hot and I ran right here. But I see now that you’re fine, and there’s no emergency, so I’m going to take a quick shower.”
John never had a problem with Sherlock being transgender. And Sherlock was comfortable for the most part with his body. He didn't want to transition, didn't think that he needed to. He was a male and he didn't need hormones or surgery to tell him that. His body after all was only transport. Some people's ideas of gender concepts were so ridiculous and he wouldn't let them influence him. Not to say that he never felt dysphoria at times, it was unavoidable sometimes. And right now he wanted to keep his binder on because he didn't want to risk feeling dysphoric at a time like this. John never treated him as anything other than male and it was amazing. John was amazing.
Sherlock was going to remember hearing John say those words for a long time. It pushed him right over the edge. He cried out loudly, clinging to John as he came inside of him.
John pulled him along, pushing him down on the bed. He unbuttoned Sherlock's shirt and kissed one of his perfect pale collarbones. He was so gorgeous.
"It's okay," John assures him. He understands Sherlock better than most people. There's no need to finish the sentence.
She'd watched Sherlock and John together when he'd first reappeared after being 'dead'. And it wasn't just him who had come alive. It was John. John was happier than she had ever seen him during their whole relationship. It was like she'd had part of John all this time and then with Sherlock entering the picture he was whole again. No matter what she did, he would never be truly complete without Sherlock. She had accepted this long ago. She never wished to interfere in their friendship. She even grew to form a friendship with Sherlock as well.
Sherlock didn't want to hear it. There was no excuse for this. "I'll never forgive you. I hate you."
Sherlock searched the crowd for John’s face. Finally he saw him in the distance and his breath caught in his throat. John was smiling and shaking someone’s hand. He looked as handsome as ever in his own fancy suit, face freshly shaven for pictures.
"Leave it alone," his mother begged. "This is our family vacation. We all are supposed to be spending time together not chasing murderers. Leave it to the police to solve."
John can barely believe this is happening. This day has been absolutely insane and it's only getting crazier. He and Sherlock are kissing!
“Of course,” John agreed. Sherlock watched as John straddled him, admired the way his body moved on top of him. He used the lube, stroking Sherlock’s cock and he moaned at how nice his touch felt. John lowered himself slowly, inch by inch, on Sherlock’s cock. He felt so tight and warm.
John suspected this but never had it actually confirmed before. He wasn’t sure how he was supposed to feel about this information. He realized he was probably the only one to ever touch Sherlock in a sexual way. How did Sherlock feel about it?
John had been happy for him when he'd run to him and announced that he'd been asked on a date. Jim was a little older than him, a freshman in college. They'd met at a bookstore of all places, Sherlock buying books for pleasure and Jim picking up a text book for a school report. He'd never been on a date and could barely believe that it was actually happening. He'd been honest with Jim, let him know that he was transgender. And Jim hadn't seemed to mind.
The teenager they were there to see was not home but his mother was. She wore a striped tank top and short red shorts with a pair of dollar store flip flop sandals. Her wavy blond hair had recently been dyed and was pulled back into a ponytail. Her red lipstick matched the chipped paint on her fingernails, no wedding ring. She was younger than Sherlock expected, late 30's maybe meaning she'd become a mother as a teenager herself.
Mr. and Mrs. Holmes greeted them cheerfully. Mycroft had already arrived and was sitting on a swing on the large wraparound porch. He wasn’t swinging, just scowling at his cell phone.
"Not right now. I have more important things to attend to." With that he grabbed some clean clothes and hurried off into the bathroom, eager for a moment of peace alone.
"You are a good man, Sherlock. You are... incredible. And anyone would be lucky to have you. Do you hear me? You don't have to settle. And anyone who thinks that you're not a great catch is an idiot."
"No! John!" Sherlock was running but it was too late. He kept running until he collided with a hunting knife Moriarty was holding out. It stabbed him in the heart and he gasped, clutching his chest. He helplessly watched as Moriarty walked away holding hands with a smiling laughing Irene.
Sherlock was embarrassed to admit that he had not. 'I would need to find someone that was willing to do that with me,' he told him.
He pulled back a bit and gave a smile that melted something inside Sherlock. “You look good,” John said.
John shook his head. "That's not true. You did this because you've angry at me for being with Mary. You don't like her and acted out like a child."
When Sherlock awoke in the morning, he was surprised to find he wasn't at home and that there was someone sleeping beside him. He quickly remembered that he was on this awful family vacation and that he and John were pretending to be lovers in order to appease his parents. He groaned and rolled onto his side, gazing at John.
He felt like a man. He looked like a man. But certain parts of his anatomy didn't quite match up to that when his clothes came off.
A knock on the door startled them both. They sat up and John reached for their clothes as Sherlock reached for some tissues to clean up with. The person on the other side of the door knocked again. It wasn’t locked and they could have walked in but they didn’t. “John?” They both recognized the voice and froze for a second. It was Mary. “John, are you ready?”
John yanked Sherlock’s coat off. He didn’t stop there. He kept undressing Sherlock as fast as he could. Sherlock only hesitated for a moment before moving to undress John as well. He suddenly wanted nothing more than to see John naked. He didn’t get very far before John had a hand wrapped around his cock and he couldn’t do anything except moan.
John showed Sherlock how to operate the fishing pole before they sat down beside each other and waited for fish to show up. Silence weighed heavy between them.
She smiled at him, clearly delighted that he had called. She missed him. Maybe part of him had kind of missed her too. Sometimes it was refreshing to be in the presence of such a sweet simple soul, a rare gem in the world of crime he lived in everyday.
"The list, Sherlock!" Mycroft was raising his voice, apparently not amused by his behavior. "The list of everything you've taken."
It was only a couple days later when John stabbed Sherlock in the heart. Or that's what it felt like when he walked outside to see John kissing Mary. She had the nerve to smile and wave at Sherlock before she got into her rental car and drove off.
John can do nothing but stare at his phone, awaiting a response. His paperwork is forgotten. Is this some type of joke? He certainly doesn't find it funny.
Molly smiled at him. Her hair was up and she was wearing the lipstick that Sherlock had complimented in the past. He remembered what John had said 'so in love with you.' Maybe he was right.
He fell into someone's arms. John had caught him. He smiled at John and said "I heard you. You should know John, I always survive a fall."
"This is a waste of my time," Sherlock complained. "Her boyfriend probably ran off with another girl."
“Mary was arrested,” he said. “Her past caught up with her. You were right, Sherlock. You were right all along.” He sat up and looked at Sherlock with tears in his eyes. “I should have listened to you.”
"I'm not leaving," John said. "I'm not going anywhere." He pulled Sherlock into his arms and embraced him tightly, rubbing his back to comfort him.
The note left by the killer wasn't exactly a note. It was actually a page ripped from a bible, stuck to a nearby tree with a rusty nail. One verse was circled in red ink- Matthew 15:19- 'For out of the heart come evil thoughts, murder, adultery, sexual immortality, theft, false testimony, slander.'
'Can we meet up again soon?' Sherlock was hopeful. He never imagined that anyone would really be interested in him like this. Now that he knew John was, he was excited.
"I know you don't like Mary but I don't think you gave her enough of a chance. If you got to know her better then you might see a different side to her. I'm leaving now." John put his shoes on and was already walking out the door. "I'll be back soon. And do not call me unless it's an actual emergency. Goodbye."
"That's nice to hear for a change coming from you," he said before taking a drink from his bottled water to wash down some pain killers. He leaned back against the pillows, kicking his shoes off, and rubbed his shoulder. "You're actually a pretty good actor. If I didn't know better, I might actually believe you're into me." He chuckled at how absurd it was to think Sherlock would ever be 'into him'.
Sherlock did go into town, stopping first to buy cigarettes. He sat on a bench near some old train tracks and smoked a couple. When he was on the second ciggarette, he couldn't help but notice a young man gazing at him. What was it with the teenagers around here? Did this one have a missing boyfriend too? Though, that might make the case more interesting at least. He didn't want to admit it, but this missing person case had left him feeling stuck. He was a little afraid that he could fail this one too.
This woman's throat was slit but there were no other visible injuries. Her body had not been posed like the last victim either.
“I’ve missed you,” John admitted, catching Sherlock off guard once more as he reached to tie John’s tie for him.
"Nice," John complained, turning the paper over. "Shit. This is not good. You're such an ass. Why would you do this?"
John has never seen him this depressed before. He momentarily considers calling Mycroft but decides against it, fearing that it may only make the situation worse.
So John did exactly that. He carefully thrust inside Sherlock and moaned helplessly at the feeling of it. Being joined with Sherlock so intimately like this was one of the most amazing things he had ever felt. Sherlock felt so good around his dick. He’d wished for this day to come but never really thought it would. There was something insanely exciting to think that he, John Watson, was actually fucking Sherlock Holmes. And damn Sherlock looked sexy. He was completely debauched, curly hair damp with sweat and tangled against the pillows, face flushed pink with heat and arousal, mouth open slightly as he moaned for John.
John chuckled. He settled himself between Sherlock’s legs then guided himself inside of Sherlock. There was a quick moment where Sherlock wondered if John would actually be able to get in him or if he needed to be wetter. Perhaps they should have done more foreplay. Was he turned on enough? Or maybe he should have grabbed the lube he kept hidden in his bedroom.
“No,” John said firmly. “I wouldn’t think that. I… understand why you’d want to do this. And it’s not a completely crazy idea. It might actually work.”
John can tell that Sherlock is inexperienced with this but he doesn't mind. Their noses and teeth bump, the kiss is messy but perfect. They are both breathless as they pull back to look at each other.
They didn't make it all the way back to the cabin before the call came. Another body had been found in the woods. The killer seemed to have struck again.
"I'm on break," she confirmed. "So happy you called. I wasn't expecting it. How's your vacation going? Where's John?"
Sherlock could take a short break from the case if it meant keeping John away from Mary. "Doctors orders?"
Sherlock can't seem to remember what he was saying just moments ago. He's staring at John and he shouldn't be but he can't tear his gaze away.
John hadn't even noticed the bruising, too distracted by the large gash that sliced her throat open.
She left then so he and John started putting calls in. "Do you think this has anything to do with the Hunter murders?" John questioned.
Sherlock shook his head. "Not yet. The case seems so simple, but I can't get a good enough lead to go on. I can't piece it all together. Do you see anything I'm missing?"
It was true that John was his only real friend. He had family members, people he worked with, people who sold him drugs, but only one friend and that was John Hamish Watson. He absolutely could not ruin his only friendship. The truth was, he cared a great deal for John. Before he'd met John he always thought he didn't need a best friend. Now he couldn't imagine a life without John in it. And there was no one he would rather have by his side than John. John was an extraordinary man and maybe Sherlock should at least try to be better for him.
“We’d have to think up a whole story, about when and how we started dating. All of those details. Or it wouldn’t be believable.”
Sherlock was on top of him, kissing him fiercely. He rocked his body against John's and nipped at his neck. John gasped.
He fell asleep, thinking of all the things he would try doing with John the next day and how perfect John felt snuggled in his arms.
"You are brilliant," Sherlock told John as they made their way back to their bedroom. John sat on the bed and grinned.
“Right…” John nodded slowly, still feeling awfully stupid. “So you want to have sex with someone but you’re nervous?” He hoped that he was starting to understand what Sherlock was trying to tell him.
Unless you counted part of the conversation between Sherlock and his sister. “Have you had sex?” she had asked him, catching him off guard. “I’ve had sex,” she informed him.
John seemed a little shy despite all of that. His face became a little flushed. "Oh?" he asked, clearing his throat.
"Any minute now she'll be at the door wearing a pink dress and a scarf in her hair, those big sunglasses she's so fond of. She thinks they make her look like a movie star but I find them a bit ridiculous, too big for her face really."
"You wouldn't understand," Sherlock argues. "My brain is tearing itself apart with nothing to occupy it, nothing to challenge me. I'm going insane, John. I can't stand it any longer. What is the purpose of my life without cases to solve?"
He was attracted to men which made him gay, but he was never a fan of labels for sexual orientation. Gender... sexuality... all of those things were so much more complex than these labels.
Sherlock looked away quickly, and when he looked again John was already in the water up to his waist. His back was to Sherlock as he said "The water feels great! Hurry up and get in!"
John hit Sherlock. He kept hitting him and Sherlock didn’t even try to defend himself. He just let John take out his anger on him.
She was pretty in a subtle natural way. She didn't know that She didn't need the makeup. Sherlock thought of her soft skin and the way her hair smelled of the floral scent of her shampoo. She was petite and feminine and the opposite of what he wanted right now. This was no good.
Now John was pretty sure his heart did stop. This had to be a joke. Right? Sherlock didn’t look like he was joking. Not at all. “Why?”
Sherlock finally forced himself to say it. "I'm not happy. I feel...gross. I feel used. I'm pretty sure that he doesn't like me...he doesn't care about me...he never will. But...I'm...I'm afraid John. What if no one else ever wants me? Don't say they will because you can't promise me that!"
"I know she was lying," he corrected. "She's obviously involved in the marijuana and she must have provided it to the boy. A teenage boy wouldn't just ask his friends mother about illegal drugs unless she was involved in them herself."
Sherlock instinctively leaned into the kiss, returning it without hesitation even though he had no idea what he was doing. This really was not his area of expertise. John didn't seem to notice.
This was too much. John wasn't seriously suggesting that he would want to... with Molly? "John, this is ridiculous," he complained.
They were briefed of the situation upon arrival at the local police station before they were ushered into a room where a young girl sat sipping a glass of water alone at a table. She had long blond hair pulled into a pink scrunchie at the top of her head and sparkly bracelets all down her thin arms. She had on a boys sweater that was too big for her, which Sherlock immediately deduced to be belonging to her boyfriend. She had pink metal braces on her teeth and didn't look old enough for the smudged eye makeup on her freckled face.
John arrived at Sherlock's parents house with Sherlock by his side. Sherlock looked at the wreath on the door and the Christmas lights with disgust, rolling his eyes.
“Of course.” He needed to get control of himself. Was he really so starved for affection that he was happy to kiss John? What was wrong with him?
"The boy's phone records. His girlfriend was more than happy to give me all the information I needed."
Still, his heart beat a little faster and he took a slow breath in an attempt to relax... to ignore John. He tried to disappear into his mind palace. He usually had much better control over his body but not today. Perhaps it had been too long since he'd allowed his body release in that way. But he simply could not allow himself to react now like this. John was here and that wouldn't be appropriate. It was shameful. If he let things become awkward between himself and John because of this stupid trip he would risk ruining their friendship. This whole situation was beginning to get out of control. He needed things to back to the way they were before he and John started sharing a bed.
He's usually able to ignore it well but not today. Today John walks out of the bathroom shirtless and freshly showered and Sherlock freezes.
John had helped him get ready for the date and assured him that everything would go great. Sherlock had still been incredibly nervous, which didn't go unnoticed by Jim. "I didn't know that you'd be this nervous," he'd said. And Sherlock was embarrassed at his own behavior. Wasn't everyone nervous on their first date though? Couldn't Jim understand that? Or had he just been so cool and good looking that he never had to worry about something like a date?
They sat together on the bed and Sherlock picked at his food absentmindedly while spouting theories. Was the text message true? Was he injured? Did he hit his head and get confused? Did he wander off somewhere? Or was the text message another charade? Maybe an excuse to avoid girlfriends crossing paths? Was he injured and taken advantage of by someone because of his wounds that possibly left him defenseless? Did a bear get him? Why was there no sign of this boy yet? Why had there been no more text messages? Maybe he had some type of plan to run away with this girl who he had to keep a secret due to her age?
"Whatever is going on between you and John Watson, I am confident that you two will work it out," Mycroft said, surprising Sherlock. Was he actually trying to be nice? "You and John are... you make good partners."
Sherlock thought about how he would much rather be home and how much of a stupid idea this whole plan had been. He would have to confess everything and he dreaded seeing his brother's smug face. He would leave the case in the hands of the American police. They would probably figure it out.
The boy's mother shook her head. "No, he wouldn't run away. He wouldn't do this and let us go on worrying about him. I'm afraid something terrible has happened to him."
John didn’t know what to say. ‘You’re a doctor,’ he reminded himself. ‘What would you say to a patient in this situation?’ But Sherlock wasn’t a patient. Sherlock was his best friend. “When you’ve had sex in the past-”
John shrugged. "I just got caught up in the moment. That's all. If I was actually trying to get in your pants, it would have happened already."
"No, I don't," John admitted, shaking his head. "I know you're having doubts. I can see it all over your face. Have you ever asked him if he's seeing other people or even how he feels about you?"
They ended up in bed. And after as they together, Sherlock didn't feel used or dirty or sad. He was happy, happier than he could ever remember being.
"Do you think the killer left that there?" John asked quietly, unable to tear his gaze away from the note.
“Fuck…” John said and he continued rocking his body against Sherlock’s, creating delicious friction.
She was a lying snake and he despised her. When John wasn't here to see it, he wouldn't pretend that he liked her.
John ordered an ice cream sundae. Sherlock elected for an iced tea to sip on. He didn’t understand why John was ‘eating his feelings’ at the moment. It would do no good. They found a picnic table in the back, away from the crowd of rambunctious teenagers in the parking lot. There was a tattered yellow and white striped umbrella over the picnic table, providing them some much needed shade from the harsh sun. There was not a cloud in the sky. Sherlock absentmindedly traced the hearts and initials of young lovers carved into the wooden table and benches. He had an odd urge to add his and John’s names just to say they were here. Young love was so overrated.
John was smiling and lying with such ease that it was almost frightening. Sherlock was proud of him. Perhaps some of his master manipulation skills had rubbed off on John.
"I'm in love with you. I have been for a while. But you were so happy to be going out with Jim that I didn't say anything. I just wanted you to be happy."
"Was she acting normally? Anything unusual? Did you two talk at all?" John was scribbling notes down on a notepad as they spoke.
After ending the call, they both got ready for bed. "I'm sorry," Sherlock apologized. "We'll set the record straight somehow after this vacation."
"Dreadful," he answered. "I'll be relieved when it's over. John ran into Mary so they are off catching up with each other or something like that."
“It’s not your fault,” Sherlock attempted to reassure John. John was simply attracted to dangerous situations and people. It was part of what made them friends in the first place. It was a part of who John was. But sometimes he could stand to listen to Sherlock more when he tried to warn him about someone being bad news.
John is certainly panicking now. He tries to call Sherlock and gets no answer. He sends a text as he grabs his coat and heads for the nearest taxi cab.
So when he met Jimmy he thought he'd gotten lucky. Jimmy was intelligent and exciting. Jimmy liked him just the way he was. Sherlock wanted so badly for it to work between him and Jimmy.
Sherlock moaned. “John, I might…” He wasn’t able to control himself, able to stop the way his body reacted to John.
A woman aged 29 with short Brown hair was found dead in the woods by a local man on his way to go fishing. She wore a ripped scarf, a pink coat unbuttoned to reveal a blue blouse, a short denim skirt, and one broken high heeled shoe.
John laughed and it was one of the most amazing sounds in the whole world. He leaned in to kiss him again and this time Sherlock returned the kiss.
Suddenly they were at the edge of a waterfall. "You will fall!" Moriarty shouted and he laughed as he pushed John over the edge of the waterfall.
"You're not stupid, you're the smartest person I know. Maybe she just did that for work. Maybe it didn't mean anything."
"It's okay," Sherlock assures him. "It's nothing to be ashamed of. It's just... I've never heard you moan before."
Mycroft made a face at them and Sherlock couldn’t tell whether he was so easily convinced about this new relationship.
John had done some research on Sherlock. It was all a little surprising but quite interesting. As he stood with Sherlock in the corner of the room, Sherlock began telling him deductions about various party guests. Most of the deductions were silly and embarrassing. John couldn't help but laugh and it actually helped him to relax.
Sherlock felt a tug on his fishing line and looked out at the water. The red and white plastic bobber attached to his line dipped below the surface.
It was a question. If John refused to do this, he was pretty sure Mycroft would stay with Sherlock despite whatever governmental responsibilities he may have. "He is," John assured him. Sherlock could be a nightmare sometimes but John wanted him to be okay. John never stopped caring about Sherlock, even after this fake death stunt he pulled.
Sherlock simply rolled his eyes in response. He watched as John swam around, exercising his strong muscles. He looked perfectly happy and appeared to be truly enjoying this. Sherlock liked seeing him happy and it made him feel better about dragging John on this trip.
"That could have meant anything. It might not have even been true. It could have just been another line to get you in his bed."
“Agreed.” Sherlock couldn’t deny that it was one huge mess but he didn’t see a much better way out of the situation.
That seemed very significant somehow. Sherlock trusted him. Sherlock felt safe with him. “You want to have sex with me?”
"I hate it when you do this," John said without looking at him. "Its a waste of your mental skills. You don't even care that you're ruining yourself for everyone. Sherlock, people need you."
Sherlock sighed sadly and looked down at the floor. "I wish you would have told me," he said. "You have Mary now."
Mycroft shook his head. "I don't know. He won't talk to me. I thought that maybe you could get through to him."
John moved quickly, undoing Sherlock’s belt and unzipping his trousers. He pulled Sherlock’s erection free from the constraints of his underwear and stroked him slowly. He studied Sherlock’s perfect pale cock, flushed red with arousal, leaking precome eagerly. He ran his thumb lightly over the tip and Sherlock cried out loudly.
"Yes, well..." He couldn't actually come up with a good enough reason to avoid swimming, not one that would satisfy John anyway. And maybe he just didn't want to see John looking so disappointed in him anymore. "Fine. I'll swim with you."
John had earned that scar in a fight. Sherlock was outside a bar late one night, a little drunk, and as usual he didn't know when to keep his deductions to himself. The strong tattooed stranger hadn't taken so kindly to being told his fiance was cheating on him. John, ever the loyal best friend, had stepped between him and the stranger and attempted to diffuse the situation. The stranger was aggressive and violent and he tried to hit Sherlock. John protected him, instantly jumping into action. For defending Sherlock and his foolishness, he was left with a permanent mark. It was a permanent reminder that Sherlock had fucked up and gotten his friend hurt. It was a permanent reminder of what happened when you got too close to Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock kissed him back this time. John’s tongue slipped into Sherlock’s mouth and he groaned into the kiss. It was all frustration and aggression and lust. He nipped at Sherlock’s bottom lip and Sherlock made a quiet breathless sound in response.
"I don't know his name. He had his back to me the whole time so I didn't really get a good look at his face. He was tall, maybe 6'2" or 6'3" and athletic build, short dark hair."
He laughed at her defiantly, because he didn’t want to let her win, but inside he felt something breaking.
“No, I’ll be fine,” he assured John. “I have some business to take care of with Mycroft. He’ll… keep an eye on me.” As absurd as that was, he knew it would reassure John. Not that he really needed his older brother to babysit him.
"Quit messing around and get back to the cabin this instant!" Mycroft demanded. "Did you leave me alone with our parents just to punish me? That's really very cruel, even for you Sherlock."
John had found Sherlock in the drug den and rescued him. Sherlock had gotten his fair share of being yelled at for it. Molly even slapped him, telling him to stop throwing his gifts away like that.  John yelled at him too. But now they were alone together. Mycroft had left Sherlock in John's care for the night, not only as a doctor but as his best friend. Mycroft always trusted him to look after his brother and keep him from doing something stupid. This was both an honor and a burden. At least Mary seemed to understand why he was spending the night at Baker Street instead of at home in bed with his wife.
When Sherlock thought that John’s hole was sufficiently slick enough with spit, he tried to tease him with a fingertip gently.
"I like guys. And you're a guy. Your body parts don't really change that. If you know that you're a guy then you are."
As John pulled out of him, Sherlock was embarrassed to observe that his legs were shaking. “Fuck… John… that was…”
His parents became distracted by some decorative pillows for sale so he and John moved to follow them. Before they could cross the street, a teenage girl stopped them. "Aren't you Sherlock Holmes, the detective?" she asked.
In the morning they went out in search of information. John ate a bagel while Sherlock drove the rental car because they had rushed out the door and Sherlock had shouted "There's no time for breakfast, John! There's a murderer on the loose!"
John gave him a few good strokes and Sherlock went wild. He couldn’t control himself. He was exploding. John saw him tense like he was trying to fight it.
John took pity on the girl. After all, she was just a kid. "We'll need some more details about your boyfriend. We'll have to ask you a few questions."
Sherlock thought for a moment of all these families giving their kids gifts, unaware they’d be using the money to purchase drugs.
"We'll find a case," John tries to encourage him. "There has to be a good one out there somewhere. If you just give it some time-"
Sherlock nearly choked on his toast. He coughed and reached to take a sip of His orange juice. He cleared his throat. "Feelings?" He pretended not to know what John was talking about. He did not want to discuss this.
John makes tea and toast for breakfast. They lounge around lazily together in pajamas, discussing cases. John has decided that he’s going to move back in. He feels more at home here with Sherlock than he ever will anywhere else. He belongs here. He belongs with Sherlock. They can be a family. Things will be okay. He’s happy. And Sherlock’s happy.
Sherlock was relieved. But he still wanted to do something fun. So he stripped his pants off and slid a hand down the front of his boxer briefs. He snapped a photo of it then sent it to John saying 'Look what I'm doing.'
He’d rushed out of 221B quickly after the hand job. Not many words were exchanged. He’d kissed Sherlock and left him a mess on the couch.
John removed Sherlock's pants and then his boxer briefs. Sherlock held his breath. Even though John had always been so good with him, a small part of him was still afraid that seeing him naked would make John change his mind about how much of a man Sherlock was.
He nodded. “Yes, would you do that?” Sherlock was still slightly nervous and unsure. Letting John take control seemed the best option.
“Of course.” Mycroft was a know it all. This was none of his business. He had no right to say these things to Sherlock.
"Right," John sounded unsure if he should be worried or not, thrown off most likely by Sherlock's calm reasonable tone.
"There's something I've noticed about you and John, especially when Mary's around." She shook her head suddenly. "I shouldn't say anything."
Sherlock really hoped that was true because he had no idea what he would say about their pretend relationship. John had more experience in this type of situation and he would let John lead here.
They both laughed then and John released his hold on the detective so that they could walk freely together. Their destination happened to be a small wooden pier.
“Yes, he will. We’re just going to have to work a little harder to convince him. We can do it. I know we can.” He sounded very sure of himself and it eased some of Sherlock’s worries. He trusted John. John had already convinced his parents, he would convince his brother too. It could be done. Mycroft would believe this. He had to.
John was in shock. He tried to process all of this, process Sherlock's confession, look back and wonder how he never realized this...
"He did go fishing a lot," she said, nodding quickly. "He didn't always bring a fishing pole. It's just not like him to not come home by dark though. He's never gone missing before. He didn't leave any signs or hints that he was planning on running away, didn't even take his car keys. He was perfectly happy when I saw him. He never ignores my text messages but no one has heard from him, not even his parents."
Part of him felt a little better. His angry words and his punches hadn’t seemed to phase Sherlock. But he’d tortured him and broke down his walls sexually and it felt good to be in control like that.
But eventually he came to realize that he wasn't very happy in this relationship with Jimmy. He knew that he was settling for Jimmy because who else would ever want him this way?
John couldn't help but smile as he got his coat and scarf and followed Sherlock to the taxi cab. He was still smiling as they arrived at Sherlock's parents house.
"A body was found in the woods not far from here," Mycroft informed him. "The police were spreading the word about a murderer in the area and asking questions regarding the crime."
That was really hot to think about. Did John ever think about him when he touched himself like that? “Can I watch you?”
Mycroft sighed, but he didn’t seem surprised. After a moment he said “I believe I can help with that.”
Sherlock nodded quickly. “Yes.” He took his own underwear off in a hurry then pressed his body against John’s. Neither one of them could be bothered to take their socks off. He didn’t want to stop for even a second. He rocked his hips against John’s so their cocks slid together and they both moaned.
"Did I catch you at work? " He asked, gazing at the face on his phone screen. "I thought you might be on break."
Sherlock sighed again, growing tired of this whole conversation. He’d much rather be back at his flat, working on an important case. This was all so dull.
John put his things in the closet and gave Sherlock a reassuring smile. He had gotten a lot better over the years at deciphering some of Sherlock’s moods and he as apparently picking up on Sherlock’s anxiety currently. There was no one else Sherlock could do this with, no one else he could endure this vacation with and pretend to be romantically involved with. John was his best and only friend. There was no one better suited for this task than him. There was no one Sherlock could lean on in the same way. He was so grateful to John for accepting this crazy idea of his.
John gazed out at the lake, shielding his eyes from the sun with his hand. "Come swimming with me," he said.
Sherlock shoved his hands in his pockets and glared at John coldly. "You didn't tell me because you thought I'd be devastated?" He chuckled, and it sounded bitter even to his own ears. "I dont need your pity."
John asked him how it went and Sherlock had remained optimistic. Something had changed though. Or maybe the true Jim was revealing himself. Because Jim never called him cute again after their first date. It almost seemed one sided. Sherlock was always sure to compliment Jim but the compliments were not returned. They never went on a date again.
John walked into the living room, smiling and shirtless, fresh out of the shower. He sat in his chair and checked his email from his cell phone. Sherlock could see the screen from where he was standing holding his violin. He didn't often see John shirtless and his eyes were drawn to the scars adorning his damp skin. There were scars from war and scars from life, all part of John and his story- none taking away from his good looks. The one he stated at the most was higher up. It had faded some now but was still visible on the right side of his face. This scar too didn't take away from his good looks but it always made Sherlock feel something unusual deep in his gut. Regret? Guilt? These were emotions he was not very accustomed to.
Sherlock gasped. "Oh!" No one had ever done this to him before. John's mustache felt... interesting. It wasn't terrible but Sherlock preferred a clean-shaven John anyway.
"Tell me what's going on or I'll go find out for myself!" What was his family hiding from him? This was ridiculous. He was getting extremely annoyed.
The boy raised an eyebrow, clearly skeptical of whatever he might be about to say. He had started to walk away, but paused now to listen.
"I told Mike this morning that I must be a difficult man to find a date for. Now here he is after lunch with an old friend."
"His girlfriend saw him leaving around 1 in the afternoon. His last cell phone ping was about two hours later still in town."
John was happy as they brought in the new year. This night, no one was sleeping on the floor. Sherlock was in the bed with John, kissing him passionately.
"She did. I tried to get her to come sleep at my place. She hadn't paid the rent for her apartment and was trying to avoid the landlord. She insisted that she was fine and wanted to go have some fun. I couldn't stop her. She was a grown woman."
John doesn’t spend a lot of time teasing and preparing Sherlock. He uses a generous amount of lube and enters him slowly. He watches Sherlock’s face, making sure he’s not hurting him too much. Sherlock’s expression is difficult to read so John asks him “Are you okay?”
Sherlock reached for the bottle of liquor again but John caught his wrist. He tugged Sherlock forward and kissed him. At first the detective was so caught off guard that he seemed to freeze in John’s grasp, but after a moment he began to kiss John back. Sherlock didn’t have much experience kissing but he knew how it was supposed to work. He’d done research on it like everything else. Still, research and doing the actual thing were different. He knew enough to think that he wasn’t the best kisser. His teeth bumped John’s and his lips felt clumsy, unsure which way to tilt his head or where to put his hands. John didn’t seem to mind which helped Sherlock to feel less alarmed.
"You idiot..." Sherlock took a shaky breath. He refused to cry. It would make him look even more foolish.
John kissed him, nipping at his bottom lip. Then he put Sherlock’s legs up over his shoulders. He thrust into Sherlock hard and fast. Sherlock could feel how wet he was now, how easily John moved inside him.
Sherlock looked down between them and saw the hard bulge in John’s red briefs. There was even a damp spot where John was dripping precum. It was so sexy. Thinking that he was the one turning John on this much only made him feel more confident.
They raced to the scene. Sherlock's heart and mind were racing. A sense of purpose filled him. He would not stop. He would not go home until he found this killer.
He gave her a quick kiss on the lips then grabbed his jacket and headed outside. The car pulled up a few minutes later and took him back to Baker Street. He had no idea what to expect when he stepped inside the familiar apartment. Mycroft greeted him, looking worried.
“Please release me,” Sherlock said, squirming a little in John’s grasp. This was uncomfortable and embarrassing and he was so hard.
Sherlock steepled his long fingers under his chin as he silently considered the new facts and possibilities.
Sherlock knew that there was no good side to Mary. She was just a liar. Why couldn't John see that? John wasn't usually this stupid. Was it because he was just deceived by her pretty face?
This morning as he woke, the first thing he became aware of was the breath on his neck. He noticed the sensation of stubble lightly scraping his skin and the warmth of a body pressed against his own. It felt nice actually. But he didn't think that he was supposed to enjoy it. It seemed wrong somehow. This was not a lover embracing him in bed but his friend who was fast asleep and most likely unaware of his actions.
Sherlock left John to his own devices. He took a shower and found it frustratingly difficult to focus. He kept thinking of John kissing him and all the rude comments he made afterwards. If anything he should be the one glad that he wasn't actually dating John considering that he was so rude.
He relaxed against John, content to have John's strong arm wrapped around him beneath the blanket. He was warm and more at peace than he had been in such a long time. He didn't want that feeling to fade away.
"The police are clearly incompetent," Sherlock told her. This was an excellent opportunity, finally something worthwhile to occupy his starving mind. This was exactly what he needed. He'd much rather solve crimes than spend time with his family anyway. "I'll have Lestrade put a call in to some of his American contacts and get us to the scene. Grab my coat, John."
"I'm visiting my aunt," She replied, pulling John into an embrace. "Its so good to see you again. You look well."
"There's more work to do," Sherlock protested, thinking of the case, trying to escape this situation.
That night Sherlock dreamed he saw John talking to a man with short dark hair and a hunting jacket. When the man turned around it was Moriarty and he was smiling.
John wasn’t going to be able to hold on long. This was better than he ever imagined it would be. He started slow, not wanting to actually hurt Sherlock. “Feels amazing,” he told him.
She considered the question for a moment, swatting at a fly hovering near an open can of soda. The only sound was her noisy fan by the window that seemed to be useless at cutting the humidity. John wiped sweat from his brow with the back of his hand.
The pictures were shot at cafes and dark street corners and through hotel Windows. Irene was with strangers, men he'd never seen before. She was kissing them and naked in bed with them.
John cut him off. "Yes, we're so sorry for your loss," he said to the woman. "When is the last time you saw your friend Penny?"
John chuckled. "I'm sure you won't catch anything from them. But just to be safe-" He snuggled up close to Sherlock so their sides touched and wrapped a blanket around both of them.
John opened his mouth to say something, then shut it, thinking... After a while he simply moved to sit beside Sherlock on the couch. He leaned in and pressed his lips to Sherlock's quickly.
Sherlock doubted that the local racism had anything to do with the case and grew bored. “You said you purchased marijuana from Braden? When?”
He had just woken up and John was already dressed and looking much too perky for it being so early still. "I do not like surprises," he said.
It doesn't take long for Sherlock to unravel. He nearly shouts John's name as he shudders with orgasm. His legs are shaking a little and he almost collapses but John has him.
“No, you’re not. You’re really not. You will survive this and there will be someone better than her for you in the end.”
John sighed. "Mary, it really was great catching up. I promised I would help Sherlock with the case, though. I'll talk to you later. Maybe we can meet up again soon."
"You make amazing deductions about everyone. I don't know how we could possibly go all this time without you realizing it."
John lowered his gaze to the huge cut that sliced her body open down the middle from the nape of her neck to her waistline. She lay in a horrifying pool of her own blood and guts. John had to force himself to keep looking. "Her heart is missing,"He said.
Sherlock begins to moan for him, letting him know that he's enjoying this. It is music to John's ears.
In the morning, Sherlock woke to an empty bed. He yawned and stretched before climbing out of bed. He looked out the window, seeing the gray overcast sky. There was a breeze which would cut the dreadful suffocating humidity at least. It didn't look like it would be long before a storm would be rolling in.
John strips down to his underwear. He’s very aware of Sherlock’s hungry gaze glued to him the entire time.
Sherlock followed John to the room that was serving as his dressing room for the wedding. John closed the door behind them and now they were alone together. Sherlock felt like he couldn’t breathe. Maybe he’d tied his own tie too tightly.
Sherlock lay on his stomach and buried his face in a pillow. Maybe this was a mistake, a foolish idea. He shouldn’t have brought it up. John probably thought he was an idiot. His voice was muffled by the pillow as he asked “Do you think I’m pathetic?”
“You don’t make me do anything,” John replied. “Besides, it’s not really a big deal. I don’t mind helping you out.”
There was a little stubble on Sherlock’s face and he smelled like chemicals and cigarettes but John didn’t care.
The text is from Sherlock and John expects something about a case, or an experiment, or a reminder not to forget to pick up milk on the way home. The text message contains none of those things. It's nothing immediately alarming. It simply says 'I am bored to death'- SH'
John had been shot in the shoulder during his time in the military. Rowing the canoe for so long had irritated the injury and though it was painful he was reluctant to admit it. He had been enjoying the peaceful boat trip out onto the lake and didn't want to ruin it. It had been Sherlock' s parents idea and it wasn't easy to convince Sherlock to go along. John reminded him that they had to do romantic things like this to keep up their charade and to keep his parents happy which had been the ultimate goal all along.
"What happened?" John was now concerned, closing his laptop and moving to sit in a chair closer to him.
The dead woman lay on her back under a tree. Her blonde hair was wet with rain, blood, and mud. She appeared to be around 30 years old, average height and weight. She must have been fairly pretty in life but now she was cold and lifeless, staring wide eyed in death. Some of her clothes were tossed carelessly on the ground nearby, a white blouse and lacy bra both stained with her blood. She was left wearing only a mini skirt and designer boots.
"I can't eat. I can't sleep. All I can do is worry about him out there in the woods somewhere cold and hungry."
He goes back to the patient forms and sighs when his phone alerts him of another text a few moments later. He's ready to tell Sherlock to bugger off so he can finish his work. But that doesn't happen. The first text may not have been very alarming but this one is.
He dressed and followed John on a trail through the woods alongside the lake. They both remained silent until Sherlock paused suddenly by a large hollow tree. "Bees," he announced.
Sherlock took his time drying off and dressing, dreading the conversation. He sat on their bed while John paced back and forth in front of him. John always seemed to come a little unhinged at times like these, when Sherlock seemed to be spiraling out of control.
“I begged you not to be dead.” John was pacing angrily across the living room of the baker street apartment. “I grieved for you. Two years! How could you do this to me?”
"That I'm in love with you!" Something snaps inside John as he shouts his revelation. He pushes Sherlock back against the nearest wall and kisses him.
"She was good at convincing people that she was someone else. And you loved her. People do say love is blind."
"John, this is the brother I warned you about," Sherlock said. "Mycroft, this is my boyfriend John Watson."
John thrusts once more before he goes over the edge. He groans as he comes, still deep inside of Sherlock.
“Look around, everyone here is white. They fly confederate flags even though we’re not in the south. You know why? Cause they’re racist.”
"We're going to pay a visit to the boy's fishing buddy," Sherlock informed him. "The girlfriend gave me his name."
Sherlock was hesitant at first, curiously dipping his tongue in to lick at John’s hole. John made an encouraging pleased sound so Sherlock tried it again. He licked John’s ass thoroughly, trying different patterns and techniques, eagerly trying to press his tongue into John’s hole. When he’d seen the two men in that video doing this, it had seemed very sexy to Sherlock though he’d never previously considered it too much. He didn’t know how this could be so enjoyable but it was. He loved how responsive John was to it. He kept moaning loudly, encouraging Sherlock. “Don’t stop.”
“The day after Braden went missing, I called Zack’s house and his mom answered. I wanted to know if they’d seen Braden. Zack’s mom said she’d seen him recently before he went missing and that he’d been wanting to buy weed with some money he’d gotten as a graduation gift.”
John pushed Sherlock back against the nearest wall. He nipped at Sherlock's bottom lip and was rewarded with a pleasure filled moan. He moved his lips to Sherlock's neck and rocked his body against his.
“John,” he tried to warn him, quickly becoming overwhelmed by all of the pleasure. It felt so very good. It was building and building and he was going to explode. “John!”
John lingered in bed leisurely for a few moments before going in search of food. He found a large breakfast waiting in the dining room complete with Belgian waffles, fruit, and fresh squeezed Orange juice. He made casual conversation with Sherlock' s parents, avoiding Mycroft who was busy with an important phone call on the porch. He showered and dressed then tracked down Sherlock, finding him outside reading a book sitting under a large tree overlooking the lake.
They had been shown a copy of the text message that the missing boy had sent about an hour after he'd supposedly left to go fishing. It read 'I fell and I think my ankle's twisted.'
“John and I are together,” Sherlock repeated. “Perhaps you’re jealous. You should find yourself a suitable romantic partner.”
“What?” John hesitated in his anger. “Are you…” He stepped back, loosening his hold on Sherlock’s hair. “Are you turned on right now?”
Sherlock blinked at him. Had he heard him right? Why did John want his help with his tie? John knew how to tie his own tie.
Sherlock wasn’t sure. Romanticism was something that he struggled with. His relationship with Irene had been unique. He wasn’t sure what might convince his family that he and John were happily involved as lovers. Mycroft would especially be difficult to convince. John was probably more experienced in the ways of being romantic and dating rituals. “We must act like we’re in love,” he said simply.
"I'll be playing it at my family Christmas gathering. You should know that since you're planning on attending with me."
John was caught off guard by the apology. All of the anger drained from him as he sat down beside his friend. "You could have talked to me. You didn't have to go out and do that. Please, don't go do that again. Promise me."
Sherlock had brought lube and condoms apparently. He said he liked to be prepared just in case. John didn't have time to think about that too much. He was too busy staring at Sherlock's perfect body. He was so very attractive.
“I’m sorry, John.” He really was sorry. Not that he’d helped get Mary arrested, because she deserved that. He was sorry that John had to have his heart broken this way. John was a good man, the best Sherlock had ever known, and he deserved better. He deserved someone as special as him who would make him happy. He hated seeing John hurting like this.
“Unconventional, but sounds like my son,” his mother smiled fondly. She seemed so happy to think that he’d settled down romantically. Sherlock couldn’t understand why his love life was so important to her. At least, she believed their charade.
“John!” Sherlock moaned loudly, unable to stay quiet. It all felt too good. He slid a hand down between them to stroke his own dick. Then he shuddered, his orgasm crashing into him suddenly.
He nodded slowly. "You're right. Molly, I want you to know that I've always trusted you. I know that I can be honest with you. I'm not great, that's the truth."
He took a shower, letting the water run hot enough to turn his skin red. He let a few tears fall before the shower washed the evidence away.
Sherlock did go to sleep but first he reached for his cell phone to send a text message to Mycroft. ‘Sex does not alarm me anymore.’
"Do you feel good when you're with him? Are you happy? Do you feel good about your relationship...?"
It didn't take long before John was coming undone, Sherlock moving gracefully on top of him riding his cock.
It wasn't always that easy though. John could never truly understand what it was like, could he? When who you knew in your brain and your heart that you are doesn't match your body...
"So he took her out to the woods and killed her? Don't be stupid. I need you to focus. This is a very serious matter, John."
“John…” This was uncomfortable. Sherlock wanted this to be over. He wanted things to be like they used to be. But that didn’t seem to be possible anymore.
John never resented him for that night, never blamed him or held any grudges. John was a good man and Sherlock couldn't ask for a better friend.
When John returned, he looked exhausted. He took off his shoes and threw himself down on their bed beside Sherlock.
“Well, I don’t make much money working at the mall, but whenever I have some extra cash I’d hit up. It was my birthday and I’d gotten some money as a gift so I texted Braden that night.”
John met Sherlock's tear filled gaze. "I just... I need to..." He threw himself at Sherlock. His fingers tangled in Sherlock's hair as he pressed his body against his and kissed him.
They stumbled backwards together, tumbling onto an old leather couch. John was desperately pulling at Sherlock’s clothes, struggling to undress him. Sherlock helped him and their clothes fell to the floor.
They ended the call and turned back to the scene just as an officer exclaimed "The killer left a note!"
John was in control. Sherlock was a mess beneath him, helplessly aroused and breathing heavy. It was incredibly sexy. He moved his hand slowly, teasing Sherlock, torturing him. Sherlock moaned louder.
John didn’t hesitate to start moving, finding a quick rhythm. Sherlock wrapped his legs around John, holding him close.
They didn't discuss the kiss. Sherlock brushed it off as a friendly kiss and nothing more. John was simply making him feel better.
“You want me to fuck you,” John said in a low voice. “You’ve probably had dreams about it. About how good my cock would feel inside you.”
For two days, Sherlock stayed locked away in the bedroom, much to his parents dismay. They voiced through the closed door that they thought he was being ridiculous and ruining their vacation. He ignored them and played his violin instead. Mycroft even tried to apologize but it didn't sound as if he truly knew what he was apologizing for.
'Please come back' He texted John. He never said please. John would know he was serious, that something was wrong and that he needed him.
"My sister was a total flirt so I didn't think anything of it. If only I took her home like I was supposed to, she would still be alive."
"I'm not taking his side. He could have handled this situation a lot better. He shouldn't have sent you a text message. But I don't like seeing you so upset."
She stared at Sherlock for a long moment, then smiled at John. "I'm so happy for you. Merry Christmas."
"Because of this." Sherlock handed him his phone and the message he had received from Mycroft this morning.
Sherlock frowned at him. This wasn't a joke. Could John ever stop being an idiot and take anything seriously? "Laughing doesn't make it a joke," he said.
He tried to step around the girl but she wasn't having it. She moved to block his path. Though she was much shorter than him, she didn't let it stop her from standing up to the detective. "He didn't run away!" She insisted. "You're the only one who can find him. You have to help."
John lowered his gaze to the woman's chest which had been ripped right open. It was a complete mess. Why would someone do this?
Sherlock extended his hand awkwardly for a hand shake but John wrapped his arms around him and embraced him. Sherlock was momentarily overwhelmed by John’s presence- his warmth, the scent of his cologne, the strength of his arms around him, the way it felt for their bodies to be pressed close so intimately.
"Try this," John was in his face unexpectedly, holding something up to his lips. He must have zoned out.
“You’re gonna’ make me cum,” John slurred. “Sorry.” He turned over on his back, cock dripping precum steadily like a leaky faucet. It was fascinating. Sherlock wasn’t sure why John would apologize for such a thing. “It’s been a while since I’ve done this.”
"No, no it's not," John said, shaking his head. This wasn't happening. It had to be some sort of a joke.
Sherlock wanted to believe him. It was a nice speech. John was  a good friend. But at the moment he just felt broken. A whole part of his life was just a lie. How could he know what was true anymore? How could he trust himself even?
All he could do was pout and lock himself away in the bedroom. He called Molly almost immediately, not wanting go be alone with himself.
"Oh," Molly was caught off guard. She tried not to seem disappointed but he could see that she was sad.
'Now that you have moved on with John, I think it's important that you know the truth.' That was all the message said but there were several pictures included. Pictures taken when Irene had been alive and unaware. Mycroft clearly had someone spying on her, an invasion of privacy but not a surprise. That was just how Mycroft was, he had to know everything but would claim he was just getting to protect his little brother.
"You're such an ass," John complained but he was chuckling a little as he said it. "Sometimes I don't know why I put up with you."
He walked into the coffee shop and looked at the man Mike wanted him to meet. He was breathtakingly gorgeous. Before he could think of anything good to say, the man was speaking. "Afghanistan or Iraq?"
Sherlock shook his head, growing more and more frustrated with the conversation. "John, you're an idiot!"
“When would we be leaving for this vacation?” John asked. “I’ll need to notify some people that we’ll be gone, especially Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson.”
John grins. "What about now?" He moves closer until he has Sherlock pretty much pinned to the wall. "Are you turned on?"
Sherlock felt like he was unraveling. He was going to totally fall apart at any second. He'd been used by Jim and he let himself be used because he knew that no one would ever truly want him. He'd been foolish to ever think that any guy would.
Sherlock reached into his pocket and produced a folded up piece of pink paper. John snatched it away before Mycroft even could.
"I want you inside of me... here..." Sherlock reaches down and two long fingers disappear inside himself in the place that's already wet and ready for John. Sherlock is no stranger to his own anatomy. Though he's never been with a partner before, he's used his own fingers and experimented with a few adult toys. He knows what feels good to him. He knows he would love to be fucked up the ass at some point by John but not right now. Right now he's impatient and he's wet and he just needs John inside him. He doesn't want to wait anymore.
"I mean this, brother," he insisted. And he threw himself at Mycroft, punching him hard. It was incredibly satisfying to feel his fist crashing into his older brother's face. Before he could hit him a second time, John had inserted himself between them. His arms went around Sherlock, pulling him away. As he was dragged off by John, he got a glimpse of his brother wiping blood from the corner of his mouth.
There were so many of them, flying around lazily and lighting up. It looked like magic, like a scene from a movie. Sherlock found it oddly enchanting.
"Can I... " John hesitated, licking his lips. He gestured at Sherlock's lower body. "What do you call this?" He looked embarrassed to be asking but Sherlock didn't mind.
He tightened his grip on the steering wheel at the name. "I contestant to talk about her. She has nothing to do with this case."
John didn’t question him, just turned over onto his belly. Sherlock groped John’s ass with both hands. He was so perfect. Did he know how perfect he was?
At least until they got back o the cabin. They stood together for a moment on the porch, John rambling about the case.
Sherlock had never been so turned on in his life. And John knew what he was doing. He was good at this. Sherlock gripped the blankets beneath him and moaned. He didn't like the way his voice sounded when he moaned. It was too high pitched. He was usually so careful to lower his voice but he couldn't control himself right now. It was embarrassing but John didn't seem to be complaining.
He and John are undressing each other and kissing as they make their way to John's bed. Sherlock's bed is currently covered with books and research papers.
John felt sorry for this woman. The killer needed to be caught before he did this to anyone else. Sherlock was right to take this case. If anyone could solve this it would be him. It couldn't be ignored. The killer could not go free.
"What? Oh...wow..." John seemed taken aback by this. Sherlock had never had sex with anyone and John knew that. John knew almost everything about him. "Did you... have sex, I mean?"
He closed his eyes and floated on the water, feeling weightless. For a few moments his troubles faded and his mind was as calm as it could be. He wished that feeling could last.
Sherlock was struggling and he couldn't use drugs anymore to heighten his thought processes. John may not be a genius but he was undeniably helpful in solving many cases. He had different skills than Sherlock, was better with people, and Sherlock trusted him. His opinion mattered whether it seemed like it or not.
"The Strangulation figured first, the cut to the throat killed her. The following cuts were performed after her death."
“I said shut up,” John told him. This time when they kissed, John’s tongue found its way into Sherlock’s mouth.
John didn’t have to be told twice. He soon added another finger and then another. Sherlock squirmed on the bed, thrusting himself down on John’s fingers. The detective’s cock was completely hard and leaking precum. John didn’t think he could wait much longer so he withdrew his fingers.
The detective quickly snatched a piece of pizza off of the table where John was eating and blogging on his laptop. Then he flopped down on the couch and sighed.
"What?" He pretended to not know what his older brother was talking about. He found this whole process tedious.
John put a hand to Sherlock's forehead. Then his fingers moved to Sherlock's wrist, feeling his pulse. "What's wrong?"
"Then why'd you say it? Do you think that it will make me forget your drug problem? That's not going to work."
It was all so hurried and desperate and intense, all of the time they’d spent wanting each other and all of their emotions built up into this one moment. It was exactly what they’d both needed.
As he ate with John, the sky above them continued to darken with the approaching storm and Sherlock lost himself in thought.
He wanted to go further but he was too afraid he’d hurt John somehow. “Do you ever… finger yourself?” he asked.
"I don't understand why you didn't bring your own computer." John muttered, shaking his head as he sat on their bed.
John was trying to put it all together in his head but he couldn't. He wasn't the brilliant detective, that was Sherlock. "What do you mean?"
So Sherlock did it again, using his teeth very lightly to nip at him, wondering how John would react to each new sensation, if he would like being bitten or if it was too rough for him. John didn’t tell him to stop so he kept going, doing the same to the opposite nipple.
The girl simply shook her head, apparently unoffended. "It's not that. I actually need your help. My boyfriend's gone missing."
John was cheating on Mary. Well, not exactly. John was texting someone and being secretive about it. When Mary would be up late with their tiny screaming human, he would reach for his phone and take solace in the conversation. Someone else was making him smile. It seemed wrong somehow. It seemed like the only person he should be looking to for comfort and understanding and excitement should be his wife.
John scolded. "Those are perfectly good films. And if you''re so smart then you come up with a theory."
It was something Sherlock had known since he was a small child but he never had a name for it until middle school when he discovered the internet. He realized that it was real condition and that he wasn't the only one in the world who felt that way. He felt relieved but also anxious. He went to John and cried on his shoulder. It hadn't been the only time he cried to John.
Eliza shook her head. "Nothing unusual for her. She was talking to this new guy at the end of the night, flirting pretty hardcore. She flirted with a lot of guys, though. I didn't think much of it."
Another cry of John's name and Sherlock came undone completely. John was already struggling to hold on and finally he let himself go, joining Sherlock in ecstasy.
John didn’t give Sherlock very much time to recover. He pulled him towards his bedroom. Sherlock found himself lying on his own bed, watching as John stripped in front of him.
John reaches up and tangles his fingers in Sherlock's curls. Sherlock's hands come to rest on his waist.
Sherlock had never been so thrilled to see his older brother as he was in this moment. John finally let the subject drop. But his words stayed with Sherlock later that afternoon when he was alone. John was out with Mary again, much to Sherlock's dismay.
Sherlock looked up as a young couple approached. The girl was wearing a pink crop top and short denim shorts, showing off a lot of tan skin and a purple jeweled belly button piercing. Her boyfriend was pale, tall and skinny, and wearing a Star Wars tee shirt. They sat on the opposite side of the table as John introduced them. The girl held a strawberry ice cream cone in one hand, holding her boyfriend’s hand with her other. Sherlock stared at their joined hands for a moment, then pulled out his notebook.
“You’ve never what?” John was beginning to think that drinking so much alcohol had been a bad idea because nothing seemed to make sense. He felt like an idiot.
John liked torturing him. “You’re hard,” he said. “I can feel it… I can feel how much you want me… how much I turn you on. You can’t hide it. Do you touch yourself and imagine it’s my hand stroking you?”
"It's not ridiculous, John," Sherlock said, frowning. "You have your own life now and it doesn't involve me. Go home to Mary. Forget about me."
Sherlock smiled, glad to know that he’d been able to pleasure him. He reached down to touch a spot where John’s cum had landed and brought his fingers to his mouth out of curiosity.
“I know this must be difficult for you,” Mycroft said, which irritated Sherlock even more. What did he mean by that? He wouldn’t understand any of this. “It’s the end of an era. John and Mary are going to have marital bliss now. Try to be happy for them. Don’t get involved.”
If they were happy, they would leave him alone. That’s what Sherlock wanted. In his opinion, he had better things to focus on than finding a romantic partner. Besides, who could ever be more perfectly suited for him than Irene? It was useless to try to replace her.
Sherlock was seventeen when he met John. He was sitting alone, reading a book at a cafe. And then there was a voice asking him "Is this seat taken?"
Sherlock had never seen John naked. He would have usually looked away to respect his privacy. But now he had the chance to stare and he took advantage of that.
Sherlock woke with a gasp, bolting upright and clutching his chest. His curls were damp with sweat and sticking to his face.
Sherlock fell asleep with a smile on his face for the first time in his life. He didn't know what would happen with John in the future but for now he was happy.
The dead woman looked to be about 30 years old, petite, short Brown hair. She was wearing a denim jacket but her blouse and bra had been cut off of her. Her arms were stretched out straight at either side of her and her legs were pointing straight down tied together at the ankle by her own red silky scarf. Tennis shoes adorned her feet and still had on a pair of red shorts. Unlike the first victim, her eyes were closed.
Sherlock waited for John to return that night, doing his best to occupy his mind. He found it difficult to focus on the case or anything else that wasn’t John. Still, he managed to resist the urge to text or call John, even when he was out late and he had to make an excuse to his parents for where John had gone.
"I didn't know how to. This is not my area of expertise. Besides, I did not want to risk our friendship."
John breathed slowly, staying very still with Sherlock buried deep inside of him. And then he started moving, slow and steady.
Sherlock had no idea what he was doing when it came to sex. He knew what he’d read about it but he wasn’t quite sure how to put any of that into action. Whenever he hesitated nervously, John easily took control and made the next move. It took the pressure off of Sherlock and he felt much less alarmed.
"Thank you for this," John said. "It wasn't so awkward attending that holiday party with a date. It would have been embarrassing showing up alone. And this hasn't been bad, you know. I kind of like your parents actually. They're nice. I... I didn't exactly have plans with my family this year. They're...complicated."
It takes a moment but Sherlock eventually reacts. John can feel Sherlock's lips moving against his slowly and he wonders what's going through Sherlock's head at the moment.
They took a walk together in the woods, discussing the case and sweating in the summer sun, spending time alone together to keep up the charade of being a couple.
Sherlock's eyes are wide and John's heart is racing. He considers the fact that he might have just ruined his whole friendship with Sherlock. He might have gone and lost him now anyway.
Sherlock sighed. He didn't think he wanted to sleep. But a few minutes later John was asleep with his arm around Sherlock. If he was anyone else, Sherlock would have pushed him away. It was John though and it felt comforting to him. He soon fell asleep and thankfully he had no more nightmares.
“It’s not…” Sherlock struggled to explain, embarrassed by his body’s unwanted reaction. “It’s just… you pulled my hair.”
"You think that I should end things with him?" Sherlock asked, searching John's face for the answers.
"We would have told you all sooner," John was saying. "But you know how Sherlock likes his privacy. It's probably why it took so long for us to confess our feelings to each other. It happened slowly, the shift from friends to something more. I had to realize what I truly felt for him and admit to myself first. And then it wasn't easy because I didn't to risk ruining our friendship. He's still my best friend and now my boyfriend too. I'm really lucky to have found that. He makes me happy."
Sherlock has been seeing Jim Moriarty for three months now. Seeing was a loose term. He couldn't exactly call what they had a relationship. They'd only been on one actual date and then after that they saw each other infrequently. Whenever Jim texted him, then he would catch the next available cab and go to his apartment. At first it was kind of exciting, but more and more Sherlock was beginning to have doubts.
"Whatever," He said, pretending to hate it so that his parents didn't get the satisfaction of winning.
Sherlock studied the case until midnight when John literally dragged him to bed. The detective fell asleep laying on his side with John's hand resting on his back.
Sherlock had woken John this morning, insisting that they had somewhere important to be. John had showered quickly, dressed, and snatched a few pieces if bacon on his way out the door.
John was already beginning to gain a nice golden tan. Sherlock didn't tan, just burned. He wouldn't forget the sun block next time. But it did feel nice having John rub the lotion onto his back and shoulders. It was cool and soothing to his burned skin. He didn't usually like it when people touched him, but with John it was okay. It didn't bother him at all to be affectionate with John. It was easy being his friend. He didn't have to think too much about it or work too hard at it. He closed his eyes and truly relaxed for a few moments, tension fading from his body and his mind stopped racing. He didn't think about any cases or about his family, just enjoyed John's comforting touch.
Officials including state and local police and the fire department, game wardens, and civilian volunteers had been searching the woods to no avail.
"You idiot!" She called out to him. "Don't you realize I never loved you? No one will ever love you, Sherlock Holmes."
It's been quite a while since John got any action and there's something even sexier about it being Sherlock of all people. Sherlock Holmes the great detective, Sherlock Holmes who had never shown any interest in anyone, wanted him. Sherlock was extraordinary and John was so very average but for some reason Sherlock was attracted to him.
“I can’t lose John. I won’t let that happen. I’ll do whatever I have to do in order to keep that from happening.”
That wasn’t satisfying enough to John. He pushed Sherlock up against the wall and he kissed him angrily.
He was sort of used to people assuming he and John were a couple. It had been that way pretty much since the beginning. He was good at brushing it off. But now there was this picture and he worried how it might effect John. He wouldn't blame John if he was angry and regretted agreeing to this plan.
The truth is, Sherlock was embarrassed by his reaction to the kiss. He needed better control over his body. He supposed it was natural for a human male to respond to certain types of stimulation in certain ways but that was not acceptable for him. It was certainly not acceptable when it was John Watson, his best friend, doing the stimulating as a part of an act. That's all this was, acting. He wasn't actually interested in John sexually or romantically nor was John interested in him that way either.
It was not easy to swallow the fact that if he wished to remain friends with John, it meant putting up with Mary. Still, he would do it for John. He would pretend that he could accept Mary. Hopefully John would wisen up and get rid of Mary before she could cause too much damage. But in the meantime he would pretend. He was good at lying. He did it all the time. John was right about that.
They all sat and had a family meal, much to Sherlock’s displeasure. Mycroft didn’t look too happy either. He frowned a lot and kept looking skeptically at John. It was actually quite rude but John seemed unaffected by it, probably used to Mycroft’s attitude by now. Mycroft was always analyzing him since the start. John understood this to be protectiveness. Mycroft loved his brother more than anything and Sherlock often times did require people to look out for him. This was not a fact that Sherlock himself would like to admit. Instead he passed his older brother’s behavior off as annoying and unnecessary.
Sherlock’s father suddenly seemed to think better of such a personal question regarding John’s sexual orientation and apologized sheepishly. “Sorry, that’s none of my business.”
“When you said you’d found someone, a lover, we didn’t think that it would be John,” his father said.
Mrs. Thomas was crying, causing mascara to run down her face and stain her cheeks. John was sympathetic enough to hand her a napkin to dry her eyes.
John made a sandwich for himself and for Sherlock for lunch, which Sherlock took to be a sort of peace offering. "I've been thinking," he said. "About a lot of things."
“My parents came here from Puerto Rico. They work in a factory. A lot of people make fun of me for that.”
“Tomorrow we will have to act like a couple to convince Mycroft. I don’t want it to be awkward for you.”
John held onto him tightly, kissing him fiercely, venting all of his frustrations and emotions. He seemed to need this in some way.
"Cell phones that are turned on constantly send pings to cell phone towers constantly in order to find the nearest strongest signal. The towers keep a log of the pings." Sherlock didn't always mind explaining things to John. Sometimes he liked having an opportunity to show off how smart he was.
He smiled as he read the message, glad to know that John was thinking of him even while out with Mary.
John shook her hand, introducing himself and Sherlock politely. He wanted to make her feel comfortable of course. This was a delicate topic. "My name is John Watson and this is my friend Sherlock Holmes. We work with the police and we're just here to ask you a few questions about your friend Braden if you don't mind."
Sherlock frowned, unimpressed. The autopsy had revealed that there was no sexual component to the attack upon the woman, making him think there was a different reason she had been undressed. "I believe the killer was interrupted and left the scene before he could take what he truly wanted from her."
Sherlock nodded. "I think that I've only settled because I've been afraid no one else would want me. I tried to make it work but it was foolish. I decided to end my relationship with him. We are no longer together now."
Sherlock barely resisted an urge to touch his cheek, standing there in shock. All he could think of was the taste of sugar on his tongue and the feeling of John's lips against his cheek. His face grew warm with embarrassment. He told himself his heart was only racing because he was experiencing a sugar rush from the candy.
He tried his best to focus on the cases, but he kept worrying about John too much to focus on anything else.
John did not expect Sherlock to be bringing this up but he listened anyway. Sherlock asked him “What do you think she meant by that question?”
Sherlock sighed. "Not everything is about you, Mycroft. We are at a crime scene and your interruption is incredibly inappropriate."
And now Mycroft looked hurt but it felt good to Sherlock. He wanted his brother to feel hurt the same way he'd hurt him.
Sherlock smiled a little, unable to help himself. He was feeling much calmer now, trusting John to make this all work out. Things usually did work out when he trusted John. They worked well together on cases and could make this work too.
"He went to see his father out of town," she explained. She had an accent that indicated she'd grown up here her whole life. "He'll be back tomorrow."
She took a slow sip from the soda can. "He asked me if I knew anyone he could buy marijuana from. I said I didn't. He was looking to buy just a little and he wanted it in four or five days."
They stopped bickering when they were greeted by an unexpected sight outside the cabin. There was a police vehicle pulling away just as they arrived. They quickly made their way inside and found the rest of the Holmes family having tea. John accepted a warm cup while Sherlock shook his head at the offer refusing despite his mother's instance that he would catch a cold being wet from the rain. "What is going on?" He demanded. "Why were the police here?" He turned to glare in his brothers direction. "What did Mycroft do?"
It was a nice enough day for a wedding. The sun was out and it wasn’t too hot or too cold. Sherlock recognized some of the guests but others were new faces- perhaps new friends that John had made since Sherlock was gone. Everyone looked so happy and excited.
Sherlock blinked at him slowly, taking in his words and unsure of the proper response. He had heard much of this already earlier this evening but he knew that he had to let John vent, even if he was repeating himself and it was tedious.
John instantly wanted to hear more. He rocked his hips against Sherlock’s and nipped at Sherlock’s neck. “John!” Sherlock gasped.
John was angry because he’d been in love with his best friend and then he disappeared for two years. John was forced to move on. He got married and he had a baby and all he had ever really wanted was Sherlock. No matter what happened, he never stopped wanting Sherlock. It wasn’t fair.
John doesn't want to talk anymore so he kisses Sherlock again, shutting him up in the best way he knows how.
Fuck… Did John always wear tight red briefs under his clothes? He looked so fucking sexy. Sherlock couldn’t resist reaching out to touch him. His fingers traced the scar on John’s leg.
John thought about it when he went home and jerked himself off in the shower. He bit his lip to keep from making noise as he came, because Molly was still awake making tea in the kitchen. Molly was always there these days to take care of the baby and if she knew that John had just gave made out with Sherlock and given him a hand job she would have been crushed. Everyone knew she was in love with Sherlock. Poor girl. She deserved better. But John couldn’t find it in himself to care enough.
Sherlock isn’t quite as bothered by his brother’s statement. He makes a face at him and says “Yes, so?”
“Why didn’t you ever tell me?” John asked. He kissed Sherlock’s neck and rocked his body against his. “Why did you let me act like a fool? Why did you let me move on with a woman?”
He remembered her funeral vividly. Her coffin was shut with a picture of her beautiful face beside it. She'd been shot and he'd identified her body.That was a sight he would never be able to delete from his memory. It had been raining the night he got the call about her death, a cold and dreary day that was endlessly miserable. But the day of her funeral had been ordinary. The sun shone brightly and he stayed in the back of the crowd with John and his brother to comfort him as best they could.
Sherlock did not see what was so fun about it. And did it really count as camping if you stayed in a cabin? He decided not to ruin John's fun though. He stayed quiet and watched John. He didn't have much else better to do with no cases to work on.
"Morning," John said, startling Sherlock. He smiled, unaware of Sherlock's less than innocent thoughts.
Sherlock was quick to get John inside, insisting that they needed time to unpack and settle in before answering questions his parents were sure to have regarding their love life. John gave a polite smile and reciprocated warm hugs before following Sherlock up the staircase to the bedroom they would be occupying. The décor was rustic, matching the rest of the cabin. There was a window seat overlooking the lake, a big bed with a wooden hand carved bed frame and plaid bedding, and a painting of a moose on the wall. John had been on camping trips, but none like this before.
John was already in bed, wearing athletic shorts and an old army tee shirt. “This bed is really comfortable,” he said happily.
Sherlock found that he was exhausted. As soon as he kicked his shoes off and crawled under the blankets, he quickly fell into a deep sleep.
It wasn’t romantic… the cheating. Not really anyway. But he was yearning for something more. He was yearning for a life that was not about Mary. He was yearning to escape his noisy sleepless child and his wife in her spit up stained pajamas. It was wrong. He knew it was wrong. He felt bad about it. Not bad enough to stop.
John is quite skilled in bed it turns out and he's attractive and he's his best friend and Sherlock is in love with him. He feels happier than he has in so long.
"No," John argued. "I am not leaving. Your brother has insisted that I stay here and watch over you tonight."
“About sixty dollars,” she crunched on her waffle cone. “I think it was around eight, after my birthday dinner.”
They left her sitting at the gazebo outside her home and returned to the cabin. Sherlock immediately grabbed John's laptop and perched himself in the window seat in their bedroom overlooking the lake.
"Maybe the landlord is the killer," John suggested. "Maybe he got so angry about the money she owed him."
“You turn me on so much. I’ve wanted to do this for a while now but I never knew if you wanted…” John was mumbling between kisses to his neck.
He’d never wanted sex before with anyone. Even his experience with kissing was limited. He could admit that he was growing more confident and comfortable in his body as he began to change with the hormone therapy. He was less dysphoric and in a happier mood than ever. Maybe this was also contributing to his new obsession with sex.
Sherlock knew that wasn’t true. Who wouldn’t want John? Not only was he handsome but he was amazing and perfect in every single way. Sherlock had always hated other people. They were all idiots. But not John.
"It is," Sherlock insisted. "You asked me why I did this and I'm telling you. I've loved you for quite some time now. But you're married. And you're happy. And you have a life that no longer involves me. I... I don't know how to deal with that. It's... I needed something to take my mind away from those thoughts...the thoughts of you..."
John stares at him, trying to understand. Eventually he begins to put the pieces together. He thinks of how Sherlock got distracted and stared at him shirtless just now and how he suddenly decided to bring up the moaning at this exact moment.
John joined him, clutching a red paper bag in hand. His free hand found one of Sherlock's. He looked at their joined hands then at his mother's smile. Did her face hurt yet from smiling so much? His parents were ssuch fools. Why did this make them so happy? He would never understand it.
"I don't think Mycroft did this to hurt you," John said as they sat together on their bed, holding the ice pack on Sherlock's knuckles.
There’s a knock on the door and John thinks it’s going to be Mrs. Hudson but it’s not. It’s Mycroft Holmes.
“I’ve thought about it before,” John admitted, voice low and breathless. “What it would be like to fuck you.”
John sighed. "What a mess..." He probably thought Sherlock should find a real romantic partner as well, but he was too sympathetic to say so even though it had been two years now since his former lover Irene had been murdered.
Sherlock didn't have much time to process John's statement before the distance closed between them. John's lips were surprisingly soft pressed gently against his own. His heart was racing. John Watson, his best and only friend, was kissing him. Then John pulled back as Mycroft cleared his throat. The sound startled him and he felt embarrassed.
Sherlock was feeling uneasy and a bit stressed after his interaction with his brother. Maybe it was foolish to believe that this would work. He wouldn’t be able to convince Mycroft and his brother would ruin this completely. His parents would be angry that they were lied to and never stop harassing him. He’d never be left alone with peace of mind to focus on his cases and things that truly mattered. This whole trip was going to be miserable. Vacations seemed like a good idea in theory, but never turned out as well as one hoped.
"That's okay," John said. "We don't need them." He had kicked off his shoes and was taking his shorts off, leaving him only in a pair of blue boxers.
Sherlock kind of panicked. Because even though John knew now that he was transgender, he wasn't comfortable with his own body. It was too feminine. What if John didn't like him as much when he saw his body?
He's been in love with Sherlock for so long but he never would have believed that Sherlock would ever have any romantic interest in him. When has Sherlock ever shown romantic interest in anyone? He's never had any type of relationship. He's never mentioned being attracted to anyone. But here he is now kissing him back.
“You expect me to believe that you and John have been romantically involved for months now without me noticing,” he said.
"My son sometimes smokes marijuana," she said. "Nasty habit." She wouldn't make eye contact with him. "I told him to stop but you know how kids are."
Just after dinner, a call came from Lestrade. "What the fuck are you two up to now?" He demanded loudly as John put his cell phone on speaker so that they could both listen.
John only moved closer again, making it all the more uncomfortable for Sherlock. He raised an eyebrow at John as their bodies pressed against each other. John reached up and purposefully tugged Sherlock’s hair again.
They hadn’t spoken much since he’d revealed that he was alive. The wedding invitation had caught him by surprise. Even though he knew that John was engaged, he didn’t realize how quickly the wedding would approach. He hadn’t even been sure he would be invited. He considered not attending at all, but part of him just wanted to see John again.
At least John seemed to be in a better mood on the way back to the cabin, effectively distracted from his misery by the case. “What’s your plan now?” he asked Sherlock.
"I must have stayed out too long in the sun," Sherlock told him, shamelessly wanting more of John's sympathy. John needed to forget Mary forever because She was nothing but trouble. "I really don't feel well, John. I think I have heat stroke."
Sherlock froze in place. He tensed when John’s lips touched his. When John pulled back, Sherlock was staring at him with wide eyes. John felt like an ass.
John kisses him passionately. Sherlock instantly melts against him. John easily pushes him back towards his room. Sherlock’s bedroom is a mess but his bed is clean and they fall on it together.
Sherlock was gazing into his eyes now, very serious, and John’s heart nearly stopped. Shit… he was really serious, wasn’t he? How was this even possible? He never… not even once? “Why not?”
Nightmares plagued him the entire time. He was standing on a rooftop and there was someone standing in the distance. He tapped them on the shoulder and the person turned to face him. "Miss me?" It was Moriarty and he was smiling.
So when John and Sherlock came through the door smiling and laughing after solving a case, she held her arms out to embrace the both of them. She gave them both tea and then fell asleep with the both of them snuggled into her bed.
"What I always want, to see you fall. And trust me, you will fall! But Sherlock, it's never the fall that kills you."
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. He decided to experiment, running his fingers along John’s thighs and his abs and shoulders, touching all of the scars John had showed him.
When they got back to the cabin, the storm was in full swing. Thunder boomed loudly and lightning crackled outside. They had both changed into dry clothes and were sitting together playing chess. Periodically Sherlock received a text message with information about the murder. The autopsy had been conducted.
Wow... Sherlock was even more turned on now. He imagined what it would feel like if John was inside of him.
He tried taking care of himself quickly in the shower. He had to bite his lip to keep quiet, his growing cock more sensitive than it had ever been. The thoughts of John made him hornier than ever. He tried to think about other things, other men and women, but his focus would inevitably return to John. Maybe it was because they lived together and it was the close proximity that caused it.
He kisses Sherlock's neck, nipping playfully at his skin. Sherlock tilts his head slightly, giving John more access. He begins to move his hips in time with John's and the friction is amazing.
John puts a hand on his shoulder in an attempt to comfort him. He doesn't find it comforting though. It makes his heart beat faster.
John approached him again and Sherlock instantly regretted not leaving the wedding. He couldn’t turn back now so he did his best to smile politely. “Can you help me with my tie?” John asked.
Sherlock glanced at where his parents were watching from nearby, his mother grinning eagerly. He sighed. "Fine, but if I get sick it's your fault."
But then he received a picture as well. He opened the message and saw a picture of John in his own boxer briefs. His hard thick dick was peeking out the waistband of his boxers and a hand was wrapped around it.
He grabbed John’s hand and tugged him along to their bedroom before his brother could say anything else to them.
“Ah!” Sherlock came hard. His body spasmed beneath John’s and thick streaks of white made a mess between them splashing over Sherlock’s chest and stomach and dribbling down John’s hand still wrapped around his cock. He must have been really wound up. John wondered how many days it had been since Sherlock had touched himself. Watching Sherlock come undone for him was amazing. John wouldn’t forget it.
They joined the girl at a table in the back where she was sipping an iced tea, pausing occasionally to pour in numerous sugar packets.
“Did you really believe that I’d find this amusing, Sherlock?” John demanded. “Did you really think I’d find this brilliant? You can’t possibly be that stupid.”
"Boots, jeans, a camouflage jacket, and a baseball cap. Pretty typical of men around here, a lot of hunters, you know."
"My sister Ellie had been drinking," the girl explained. "I told her I had a headache and was turning in early. I was only at the bar because i was supposed to be her designated driver. I told her to take a taxi home and to be careful because I'd heard of a murder in the area. I was afraid but she laughed it off."
Sherlock felt triumphant, enjoying the rare sight of his confused older brother. They were going to win this. He was convinced of that now.
“Everything she ever said to me was lies,” John said, gazing out the window sadly. He looked lost and exhausted, without purpose, like he did when he returned home from the war. It killed a part of Sherlock to see it, because he didn’t like seeing John sad and because he thought he gave John enough purpose. Was John bored of him? Maybe it was this stupid vacation. Nothing exciting enough ever happened in small towns like this.
They were staring into each other’s eyes now. Sherlock considered his next move. He remembered Mycroft’s warning to not get involved and he disregarded his brother’s advice as he often did. He knew he should just go view the wedding and be happy for John. But he couldn’t. He couldn’t keep wondering what if… He had to do this. He had to have closure. He closed the last bit of distance between himself and John.
John collapsed beside him as they both struggled to catch their breath. Finally John sat up and faced his friend.
"Yes, it was nice seeing you," John said, apparently ignoring Sherlock's obvious disapproval. "I do want to catch up with you."
"Not so bad," Sherlock said upon arriving at the scene, which earned him an elbow to the chest from John.
Sherlock was soon standing in his black boxer briefs and his socks, the rest of his clothes thrown in a pile with John’s on the floor. John left Sherlock’s binder on without having to be told to.
"Good to see you too," John agreed, grinning. "We're actually here vacationing with Sherlock's  family."
John fed the amber colored maple leaf shaped candy to him. It was a candy that seemed hard at first but almost immediately crumbled and dissolved in his mouth. It did indeed taste quite similar to maple syrup.
"I really think something terrible happened to this boy, Sherlock. You're right, the local police are idiots. They think he's run off and that it has something to do with this secret girlfriend of his. But I don't think so. We have to solve this case."
"What?" John was so very confused. He usually understood Sherlock pretty well but this whole day was just one huge mess.
John deepened the kiss and his hands tangled in Sherlock' s curls. "Oh..." Sherlock gasped slightly as John gave a gentle tug to his hair and it felt surprisingly good. John nipped playfully at the detective' s bottom lip before pulling back, smiling like he was proud of himself for the whole display.
"He undressed me and he tried to suck my dick," Sherlock informed him, completely serious and casual as if they were discussing a day at work rather than an intimate encounter. He was not embarrassed but why would he be? Sex was a natural thing and John had plenty of sexual partners that Sherlock knew of so there was nothing to be ashamed of, was there?
"I haven't found a good case in days," Sherlock complains. "You've been busy with work and with pointless dates. Mycroft is wrapped up in some nonsensical governmental business that I couldn't care less about. I'm bored. You won't let me take anything to remedy it. So what am I to do?"
John supported him through everything, especially on the night when he had been sobbing and he confessed "I hate myself, John. I hate my body. I want to die." John stayed with him all night and helped him the next day to pick out his first binder online.
"We're not talking about me," John said, dragging Sherlock back along the trail. "We're talking about you and your odd obsession with bees, despite the fact that you're allergic to them. I swear if any of those little flying death traps come near you I''ll..."
They were kissing again. Sherlock tried to nip at John’s bottom lip playfully like he’d seen in a video once. He had no idea if he was doing it right but John didn’t complain. He tugged at John’s clothes. “I want your clothes off,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock was freshly showered and dressed in pajamas, sitting on the couch. John sat in his usual chair, finishing off some tea that Mrs. Hudson had brought. "You didn't actually think that I would believe this was just for a case, did you?" John asked.
John removes his underwear. Sherlock has never seen him completely naked up close like this. Sherlock studies him for a moment. John isn’t sure if he should feel shy under the intense stare. His cock is hard and a little thicker than Sherlock’s in comparison. John has never felt shy about his body in bed before and he doesn’t have to start now.
‘I don’t belong here,’ Sherlock thought to himself all of a sudden. He turned to leave but it was too late. John had already spotted him and hurried over to him.
"Chat with you later," Mary waved. She was a snake and Sherlock was already thinking of ways to get rid of her.
How was John supposed to know what she was thinking? “Maybe she just wanted to brag that she had sex,” he offered.
"You're a good man, Sherlock," John continued. "I'm so proud of you. Your life hasn't been easy, but you always stay true to who you are. That takes a lot of strength."
"What does John's family think of you? Do they know about you? You're not nervous, John? Embarrassed by my brother? What do you see in my brother?"
He nipped and sucked at John’s neck, debating whether or not he could leave a mark there, all the while rocking against John. “I want you to fuck me,” he told him. The words sounded so obscene but he couldn’t help himself.
