Perhaps James was right. The magic had addled all of their minds: James cursed with dreams and Knight and his brother cursed with speaking gibberish. Fear shook him, but neither Knight or his brother seemed concerned by their own actions.
“Gross.” The mock show turns into one of real disgust. She flips through several photos, mostly of her and her mother, a time-lapse flipbook of memories. She stops and furrows her brow. “Dad, who’s this?”
Five years. It had been five years since he had last dropped by the flat. (His mind stuttered for a moment, nearly calling it
“But he also said you were lonely and could probably use a friend.” John directed a soft half-smile at him.
John opened the door and stepped out into the room in a puff of steam. “Sherlock, mind telling me why I woke up with my face in your armpit?”
The first call came in at 6:15: explosion in Kensington, all hands on deck. Lestrade wrenched the steering wheel of his police car and pressed down on the gas. His tires spun for a moment, trying to find purchase on the wet street, before catching and propelling him forward. Beside him, Sherlock grinned, wide and a bit manic.
Sherlock stopped swinging his foot. In the silence, the trees creaked and groaned around them. “Why?”
“I didn’t say it was.” Sherlock’s father smiled. “Suppose it was over the cat then? He does love his strays.” He placed a gentle hand on John’s shoulder. It was odd talking to Sherlock’s father. John could tell that Sherlock took after his father in his looks; the eyes were different and Sherlock’s hair was darker, but there was no denying that they were father and son. But where Sherlock was careful with his smiles, as if they had to be guarded and only shared rarely, his father smiled openly. “C’mon, let’s get you home and I’ll see to this new addition to the Holmes’ household.”
Sherlock grimaces and tries to pulls away, but John’s fingers turn firm under his chin. He gives in and looks at John. It hurts.
John’s smile turns wistful, the corners turning down ever so slightly. “Of course, I am. This is real. Feel it?” He kisses the tips of Sherlock’s fingers then the palm of his hand. John dips down to kiss him once more.
John closed his eyes as tendrils of sorrow wrapped around his heart. It had not been just blood that had been part of the ritual; it had been human sacrifice, with William as the lamb led to slaughter. The memory rang fresh in his mind, despite Fantomas’s insistence that it had been over one thousand years ago. He shook his head. Lost. All lost. “You said my kind. Did you find James? Is he here as well?”
He willed his ears deaf, let the thunder roll over him and drown out William’s pleading. He turned away from William—
“But I do.” The man’s face twisted in a smile. “I must thank you for dealing with that loose end. Tremaine was, of course, useful in getting your...clan out of the way. They won’t be bothering anyone for quite some time. I was indebted to him for that.” He kicked the now dead man’s body. “I hate owing anyone.”
A text from his mother. Well, now he was most definitely in a mood. He pocketed his phone, not bothering to reply. Besides, what would he say? He couldn’t get out of the coming celebrations, not after all of the hullabaloo his parents were making about their upcoming wedding anniversary. An entire week! Christ, he was going to go mad.
Still…It was impossible that Sherlock had learned all of that from Mike. John hadn’t spoken of what happened to him over there, hadn’t mentioned to Mike what it felt like to be shot. He hadn’t even told his therapist what went through his mind as he watched a young man die next to him, unable to help him because John was too busy dying himself.
He growled into her mouth. His claws scratched along her hips, searching for purchase, before shoving robe and kilt aside. He hiked her knees up and drove into her, the first thrust hard and unforgiving. Her breath left her in a grunt. Gentleness was not in either of their natures. No, they were warriors and this was like any other fight or battle. Meeting his thrusts, she rocked her hips up, letting her own desperation drive her just as his drove him. Flesh slapped flesh, only punctuated by the grunt and sigh of exertion. He came with a broken sob caught in his throat, his teeth bared against her skin.  He pulled out as quickly as he entered, his cock still hard and coming, painting her skin and clothes with his scent.
He had expected more out of John Watson. Stamford had insisted that he was a reliable man and quite capable. Granted, he could have found a different way to find out more about the man. Perhaps he could have had Stamford introduce him? No, that would have resulted in pleasantries-- hello, how do you do, oh just fine, thanks. Ugh, horrible. This way they had both laid their cards on the table. He hadn’t expected John to react the way he did, but if John Watson couldn’t handle a Sherlock rather than an Emily, he certainly wouldn’t be able to handle the rest of Sherlock’s life.
John shook his head, rolling his forehead against his brother’s. “The outcome would have been the same. Or worse. You are not to blame for what happened.” John released his arm. Though so much had been ripped away from him, having his clan certainly eased some of the hurt. Peace settled on his shoulders. Though they still may be in danger, John had those he trusted by his side.
“Hmmm… I suppose it will have to do.” The soldier flicked his hand and suddenly they were surrounded by more soldiers stepping out from behind trees.
“Don’t be tedious, John.” Sherlock studied his shoes. He would definitely need to give them a shine before the trip.
Sherlock pulls the dildo back until it catches on his rim and then pushes it back in. He adds more lube on the next try, filling the room with an obscene squelch. Sherlock fucks the dildo into him, picking up speed until he is pressing it into John’s sensitive arsehole hard and relentless. He only stops long enough to take John’s cock into his mouth, but quickly picks back up again.
Sherlock pauses and rubs his thumb along the bit of blood left behind his last strike. His mouth follows, suckling at the flesh there. John shakes. He sits balanced on a blade between far too much and not enough. His cock twitches when Sherlock begins to alternate between licking and sucking at his skin. Sherlock’s face is pressed so close to his crotch now John can feel the damp heat of his breath. He attempts to lift his head, but only manages to see the blurry outline of Sherlock’s curls buried between his thighs before his head drops back down to the mattress.
John stopped short and turned around. He marched back towards Sherlock, grip sure on his cane. “Fine. All right. We’ll do it your way. You have one minute."
“Yeah? Well, you always said being alone protected you. Have fun with that.” The slam of the door echoes down the hallway.
His jaw cracks in a yawn as he scratches at his stomach. His shirt rucks up a bit and reveals a flash of skin. One glance down at his trousers and he shrugs before flopping down on to his pillow. Sherlock glances at his face, noting the way the lines that frame his eyes are already slackening in sleep, and takes his cue to leave.
John thought of Sherlock and his violin. He hadn’t got the chance to hear Sherlock play in person, but he knew that at least that bit from Emily’s profile had been true. Music sheets scattered about Sherlock’s flat showed a mind always in motion, always composing. John couldn’t read music, but all the same, he tried to imagine the sort of songs Sherlock would be prone to playing: something fast and angry to mimic the way his thoughts were always speeding away, never stopping to rest. Sherlock didn’t seem the type to share his music, though.
And he was. Too smart. Too awkward. Too strange. He was all sharp angles and equally sharp tongue and the world responded with disdain. No, his peers preferred a closed fist to a handshake and he grew to meet their hatred with his own brand of disgust. So he was not used to kindness or even understanding.
“I wasn’t going to hug you.” John reeled back and hid his hands behind his back as if Sherlock were suddenly a very large and very hungry shark.
He raised his head. Before him a man stood in strange clothes; a trim blond beard lined his jaw and short (shorter than any style the humans had fancied in court) blond hair covered his head.  A watery pair of green eyes stared down at him and for a moment, the hairs on John’s head stood on end. Friend or foe? He gritted his teeth and clenched his fists. The man had guards, but perhaps he was simply royalty.
John shook his head. The kid was absolutely bonkers. Who wanted to poke rotting things if they didn’t have to? And who the hell dressed like that while doing it?
“See! I told you they could be killed. Just flesh and blood.” Tremaine traced his blade through the air. “Come on, then. Let’s see what the mighty Goliath can do.”
“You know why. The King kept you as lap dogs, parading you around and treating you as though you were something precious. You twisted him. The man I served vanished once you got your claws into him.” He slashed at John again, but the strike was wide and uncontrolled. John stepped back away from the intended blow. “Stand and fight, demon!”
“No, no. Reggie can handle that just fine.” She waved him over as she slowly made her way back to the patio. “Now, what did we agree on?” She fumbled with her purse, fishing out some money.
John growls and tugs at the bonds keeping his arms tied to the headboard. The muscles twitch and refuse to work right. It’s for the best because if he could get free, he might strangle Sherlock. Sherlock is unfazed by John’s death glare and climbs off the bed. The dildo shifts in John’s arse as his legs drop to the bed, and drags across his prostate again. John sees stars. Before he felt like he was floating above his body, but now he can feel every sharp sting, every bruise forming. The wide stretch the dildo refuses to give way. Each spark of pain seems fresh and new. It’s terrible. It’s wonderful. He wallows in it.
Sherlock stiffened next to him, then grabbed his hand. Apparently, they were starting the whole dating business before they had even been shown to their rooms. Sherlock’s hand nearly swallowed John’s own. He hadn’t held a man’s hand in ages and he had forgotten how different it felt than holding a woman’s. John gave Sherlock’s arm a tug, as he seemed to be frozen in place. Together, they moved up to the porch. Before they even got within arms’ distance of the woman, John could already tell he was being glared at. Her gaze was nearly as piercing as Sherlock’s. Come to think of it, their eyes were a lot alike, too.
Sherlock’s stomach fluttered. He placed a hand on it as if he could convince himself through touch alone that he would not be a head-over-heels teenager. John’s face had been fascinating to study, that was all. His micro-expressions nearly shouted at Sherlock: a confused crease of the skin around his eyes, a frustrated puckering of his lips, an angry twitch of his nose. Each and every one demanded an entire monograph.
Sherlock had already fled the house by the time John got there the next morning. A quick search found him sitting out on the pier of the pond behind his house. It had been a mild winter, but John could smell that the weather would be turning soon. Before long, snow would coat the trees. Sherlock’s face was upturned, eyes closed. In the grey, wintry light, he looked inhuman, distant and lonely. He tugged his jacket closed and sat down next to Sherlock. Neither of them spoke, simply enjoying the presence of the other. Eventually, John snickered.
"Naturally. I imagine by tomorrow evening we will be surrounded by cousins, second cousins, and third cousins twice removed. I’ve never been quite sure what a twice removed cousin entails, but I have been assured that it does not involve the surgical removal of anything. Mores the pity. And amongst all of these wonderful people will be all of my father’s brothers and sisters who are ever so fond of reminding my parents that they do not have any grandchildren and what a shame it is. As Mycroft detests the thought of getting outside of his well-pressed suit, it has fallen to me to be the one who has children.” Sherlock furiously tugged on the sleeves of his jacket. His movements ramped up past agitated and well into angry, overly caffeinated child. “Why do people even want grandchildren in the first place? Is it a sort of shared misery? We had to raise a snotty, disgusting brat so now it is your turn.” A button popped off his jacket.
“No. No.” Sherlock lets his hand caress down John’s back. Nothing about this is okay. None of it can be, not yet. “But it is what it is.”
His chest ached as if cracked. She, his second, his equal, would be the perfect mate. He would never know the sadness of watching her age or the heartbreak of being cast aside when the novelty of first love finally faded. Together they would form bedrock, solid enough to be built upon. It should be the easiest choice of his life.
“Please don’t be dull. You were interested in me before you ever saw a picture. You liked that I was intelligent, you liked that I could talk circles around you, and you liked the thought of me being musically talented. Usually you prefer dark haired people, which I didn’t plan for or I would have chosen a different picture, but I suppose it worked out for me in the end.” Sherlock waved his hand. “Everything else is just window dressing.”
“Ow. I’m not proud of it!” He rubs his forehead, trying to banish the image of Sherlock’s hurt face. “But I wasn’t in the best place at the time. Hadn’t seen him in years and he pops up unannounced like he always did. By the time I had cooled off, it just seemed silly to even try to talk to him. Not even sure where I would even start, anyway.” He sighs. Regret tinges his words. Anger, he fears, is baked into the very clay of him, but regret always seemed to follow. He likes to think it would be different now, if Sherlock showed up on his doorstep unannounced. Age and time have mellowed him, but the chance at fixing things has long passed.
“Sometimes facts really aren’t the way to go. And did you ever think that her grandmother liked the job? Some people do things for hobbies. They don’t need to be paid for it or anything, but they do it all the same because they enjoy it. Surely, even you have hobbies.”
Rosie’s questions had picked away at him, even after she had left for her trip. The house felt too huge, too quiet with her gone. Still, it had taken him a month to finally give in to his curiosity. After that, it had taken him nearly a week to track down where Sherlock was living now, and Rosie all of five minutes to find out Sherlock’s phone number. (
James came to rest next to John. He snapped his wings over them both as he helped his leader to his feet. “The others?”
Anytime John actually found a job, Sherlock would moan dramatically, proclaiming that John’s time was being wasted and that there were more important things to do. It did not, however, stop him from tagging along. It was...comforting. John hadn’t had a friend in a while, though he wasn’t entirely sure if that was what he and Sherlock were. He couldn’t deny that he looked forward to seeing Sherlock, even when he was being a giant prat.
“Obviously. Why?” The boy’s accent was far too nice to be from this neighborhood. Come to think of it, so were his clothes. Everything about him screamed doting parents and a public school education.
“Toes, Sherlock! Toes.” John gestured wildly with his cane. Sherlock allowed himself a brief taste of victory at getting John to use his first name, but quickly quashed it as John was presenting him with a wealth of new information. This wasn’t John angry; this was John exasperated. Exasperated was far better than angry.
“Oh goodness. Where are my manners? You two have a lovely day.” She smiled shyly at John once more then slowly walked past him. Just as John turned toward Sherlock, he felt the unmistakable pinch of eager fingers on his arse. His eyes went wide and his eyebrows tried to merge with his hair line.
A heart is the shape of a fist and Sherlock can easily picture John’s heart. The first hit landed like a heart attack, like a blessing. He had never been so thankful to feel John’s rage, because his rage was proof that John still cared, was still connected to him. John shakes him, slamming him again and again against the mortuary wall.
Obviously, he should have eaten earlier. He wouldn’t be thinking such things if he hadn’t skipped the last… four meals. Small wonder he was obsessing. No, a meal, then bed and in the morning, he would pester Lestrade for a case and forget the whole mess.
“Well, what do you have to say for yourself, young man? Upsetting my boy just before going on holiday. When I heard that you broke up, I nearly drove to London myself and done something truly monstrous.”
“John.” Sherlock slowly rises from the sofa and raises his hands in supplication. “I know this comes as a shock--”
Sherlock furtively placed a hand on his crotch and gave his penis a firm pat. It refused to go down. In spite of him,  it grew harder.
“C’mon. Just like I’m doing it. Deep breath, Sherlock.” Under Sherlock’s hands, he feels John take a deliberate breath. Another one. Sherlock attempts to mimic the calm way John’s breath eases in and out. His pulse slows its jackhammer tempo in his neck. John loosens Sherlock’s death grip and guides Sherlock’s hand down to his chest.
“Yes, friend. Put him down.” He rested a hand on James’s arm and gently pushed down. James sagged and the guard fell from his grasp.
It came louder than the sound of beating wings. A great wind accompanied the thud and whoop of the beast and from its innards humans slid from rope. They were armored and though John could not make sense of their weapons, he knew an attack when he saw one. One of Fantomas’s guards shouted the alert, confirming what John already knew to be true. His clansmen were gone, but he would defend the castle as long as it stood.
Sherlock waves a careless hand over his shoulder, batting away the clarification of John’s prowess. “Details.”
. Blood caked on his back and dried and was replaced with fresh blood. Through it all, he grit his teeth, refusing to give them what they wanted.
“Oh, I meant the dog.” Sherlock tried to smother his grin, but only managed to succeed in making himself look something akin to a constipated turtle.
John flinches and in the second of hesitation, Sherlock brings the crop down again. He deserves everything Sherlock is willing to give him. Every strike, bruise, and painful jab. He surrenders to the onslaught. Each strike blurs into the next. He bites the inside of his cheek and rocks up into each strike. More. More.
Working a hand free, she ran it along his hair, before digging her nails into his nape, marking him as her own and forcing him to meet her gaze. He hissed, but didn’t pull away. “They will always despise us,
The urge to howl in triumph surged up John’s throat. He spat out a bit of blood and dragged his tongue across his teeth. No lasting damage there, though his cheek smarted something awful. A grin fought to take over his face, only to drop when he turned towards Sherlock and saw that he was cradling his arm.
Sherlock weighs his words carefully. It would be easy to launch into the tale of Moriarty and snipers, of lies, of torture. So easy to spin a tale that sounds more fiction than fact, no matter how real the details are. But this is not time for tales, not here in John’s sad little flat that screams at years of being alone, so alone. No, John deserves the simple truth. The rest can come later. “I did it for you. All of it was to protect you.”
The feast had been underway for nearly an hour, but William didn’t allow John’s absence to bother him. The Gargoyles slept during the day, or at least they went dormant. Whether or not they actually slept as people did, he hadn’t been able to ascertain. John seemed baffled by the concept of dreaming, so perhaps they didn’t sleep at all, but simply stopped. They certainly resembled nothing more than stone during the day.
The great gate into the castle stood wide open. He landed hard in the courtyard. Flames licked every wood surface, throwing up smoke and heat in all directions.
“Fine, fine.” John schooled his expression. “Well, it’s not that hard. Little less teeth and spit. Little more letting the other person lead.”
John froze. That wasn’t the first time he had been caught, but he hoped that it wouldn’t be like last time. They had called the police on him and he had only barely managed to get away before they arrived. He had lost four bags that day. But it wasn’t an angry faced adult staring at him. It was a boy, eyes scrunched up in careful study of his actions. John licked his lips and slowly stood to his full height. His fingers twitched in anticipation. If he needed to run, he refused to leave the cans behind this time.
For a moment, Sherlock feels him pressed against his back, breath hot on his overheated skin. He can’t answer Moriarty’s questions in between his own screams. Lead or feathers—  they all fall in the end and Sherlock is plummeting. Fever simmers, boils, breaks. He is ablaze. He imagines his heart turning into a block of ice—  frozen, hard, and untouchable.
“Easy enough to do if you just observe. Ah! There we are.” Sherlock held up the last padlock in triumph. The door opened on well-greased hinges and Sherlock ducked inside.
John sniffed. He felt a bit like a bull ready to charge and Sherlock had just waved a red flag in front of him. “Why?”
He has held the weight of one in his hand, observed the way it sits in a chest cavity. A corpse is a corpse is a corpse. One heart looks much like the next, and he has seen enough of cadavers to know hearts are not the seat of the human soul, the source of reasoning, or the reason why we love. A heart is meat and nothing more.
John studied Sherlock’s face. Dear god, the man was serious. He had no idea that John was making a joke and that made it even funnier. He pressed his lips together to keep from laughing. He was quickly learning that Sherlock was an odd mix of brilliance and absolute cluelessness. He added it to the slowly growing list in his head:
His muscles tensed and he twisted from his stance. Flecks of stone crumbled away from him and at last, wind brushed his skin. He fell to his knees and breathed deeply. What was once muffled came roaring in. The sound, the taste, the smell of it all left him reeling. Too much, too much. This had to be more trickery. He pressed his face to the ground and tried to calm the tremors running through his body. Under all the new information, he could still smell home: stone and earth, wood fires, the sharp bite of a Scottish winter. Impossible for a human to smell, but as real and necessary to him as the blood in his veins.
The man simply tilted his head and raised a hand. The archers lowered their bows, but kept their arrows notched and at the ready. John attempted to stand, but his legs shook with exhaustion.
John carefully picked it up. It was a fine chain of silver, far more delicate than any work he had ever seen before. From it hung a small, round medallion with intricate scrollwork. He sniffed it. Magic, but not the cold harshness of what he had felt before. This was far too subtle, like yeast and warmth wafting from an oven. The man mimicked John then made a move that suggested John should put the necklace on. Instead of putting it around his neck, John wrapped the chain around his fist. If it was dark magic, it would be easier to throw away the necklace.
The air freezes in Sherlock’s lungs. His mouth moves, but sound has left him, choked off by the knot quickly forming in his throat.
“Oh, yes. And she completely checks out. Alibi is clean. In fact, she wasn’t anywhere near her husbands when they died. Either she was at an event where she was seen by plenty of people or she was out of town. In fact, each man was completely alone when he  died. There has been talk in the nearby village of a curse.” Sherlock waved his hand in disgust. “Absolute rubbish, but something is going on and I intend to find out what.”
“Sherlock, I’m sorry. That was rude of me. Shouldn’t have laughed.” John awkwardly patted his arm. Should he hug him? That would be odd, wouldn’t it? John moved to lean in and suddenly Sherlock was no longer crying.
Though he had looked forward to John’s messages.There had been an ease to their conversation that Sherlock had never experienced before, not even when he and Mycroft were still children. He hadn’t expected the army doctor to be as interesting as he was, but something about him, perhaps the confidence of his speech even when Sherlock could tell a dark depression followed the man around, had captured Sherlock’s attention. Laced through every message, tucked inside every phrase, were hints of who John actually was. Sherlock found John was not a man to be taken at face value.
“Of course it’s not loaded! Just what we need-- the cab hitting a bump and the thing going off. It’s not a toy, Sherlock.” John tugged the weapon out of Sherlock’s hand and buried it back in his suitcase.
Mary found him hunkered down in the branches of a tree. In the dark, he looked like the monster the humans believed them to be. His face twisted into a mask of anger and hurt. He growled, a terrible rumble echoed by the storm. His growl grew in pitch the closer she drew to him. She answered with her own.
“I would break him.” John landed atop a parapet. He did not fold his wings about him as he did when around humans. Instead, he stretched them wide, letting sinew and muscle sing at the freedom of being able to do so.
“Just go home to your Mummy, yeah? I’m done.” John swiped at his eyes, refusing to show the angry tears that had collected there. He marched, spine a steel rod and his stomach on fire, and refused to look back.
Sherlock’s mother was a bit of a whirlwind, John discovered. She talked with barely a pause, all the while escorting him through the house and offering him a sandwich because she thought he looked peckish. John liked her immensely. It was easy to see where Sherlock’s excitement came from, though it manifested a bit differently. Sherlock didn’t have the same generalized need to talk, but ask him about something he loved, and he never stopped talking.
“Yes, like I said. Long time ago.” John clears his throat and turns his attention back to the box in front of him. Still, he can feel Rosie’s eyes on him as she studies him. He steadfastly ignores her gaze and takes a drink of water.
He would later return to the feel of John’s arms wrapped around him and squeezing. Despite his prolonged illness and recovery, John was still strong. Muscle corded under Sherlock’s fingertips as he placed his hand on John’s arm for balance. He fit rather well there, nestled against Sherlock’s back. Sherlock shivered at the feel of John’s solid chest and the bite of cold still lingering on his skin and clothes. He covered his moment of weakness with a well-placed cough. Hopefully, this wouldn’t be the last time they embraced and perhaps next time he would actually be facing John.
“Practicing. Obviously. If we are going to be pretending all week to be a couple, we don’t want to look like we’ve never kissed before.”
Peter Ricolleti’s capture is splashed across the front page and John can’t stop giggling at the sight of Sherlock in that ridiculous hat now on every major news site in England. That’s the first time Sherlock kisses him: to stop John from giggling. He tastes of beer and chips. John hums into the kiss and chases him across the table. He tangles his fingers into Sherlock hair, fisting the curls to hold him exactly where he wants him. Sherlock growls into John’s mouth and bites his bottom lip. The sharp sting of his teeth makes John grunt.
Sherlock leaves him like that, arms tied to the headboard, cock red and hard. Through the door, John can hear Sherlock move about the flat. In short order, he can tell that Sherlock has retrieved Rosie from her crib. He can’t make out the words Sherlock is saying, but John can imagine. Sherlock’s never been one for overly flowery baby words, and Rosie seems to love him for it. John buries the spike of jealousy deep; he isn’t sure who he is truly jealous of.
John ignored him. The knowledge that James was right did nothing to soothe the hurt. John knew of duty and the way it weighed on your shoulders, but what his mind might argue, his heart could not abide.
“Sometimes,” he sighs, “sometimes when someone leaves your life, it feels a bit like-- like they’ve died and left a huge hole behind. I guess it was like that with me and Sherlock. We didn’t part on the best of terms.”
“We are not them.” She twisted her hand and arched into him. “We are made of something much stronger.”
John went over the case in his head and tried to ignore how close Sherlock was sitting. He tugged on his shirt collar and once again regretted not picking another color.
Sherlock runs his fingers along the inside of John’s thigh, tracing inconsequential patterns. It tickles, but John wills his legs to be still. Sherlock trails his fingers up, a gentle caress that hints at his next action. When Sherlock gets to John’s crotch, he gently tugs at John’s testicles. He explores the weight of them, playing with the feel of them heavy and warm in his hand, before he brushes the back of his hand up the length of John’s cock.
“Christ. She just pinched my bum.” John ran a hand over his backside. The woman was hiding raptor talons somewhere.
Too soon, John pulled away. A light dusting of pink colored his cheeks. He squared his shoulders and once more he was a soldier. Mission accomplished. “So, you said we were going to do a bit of snooping?”
Sherlock brushed a thumb across John’s mouth, silencing John’s stutter in its tracks. John shivered at the caress of Sherlock’s touch as it traveled along his jaw and across his stubble. Perfect, but not enough, until Sherlock’s lips, still cold from the outside, pressed against his own. John tugged hard on his collar, pulling him closer, and with a gasp, Sherlock opened his mouth. The shift from cold to warm was shocking and wonderful. Teeth, lips, and tongues met in a tangled, awkward,
John dutifully ate the sandwich she sat down in front of him. It wouldn’t do to refuse food, especially since he didn’t know if he would be making it back to the home in time for dinner. A thump came from the stairwell and John snapped his head up. Sherlock stood on the bottom step, mouth open in surprise. The bit of sandwich in John’s mouth suddenly felt enormous and impossible to swallow. They hadn’t exchanged many words in the past few weeks-- John didn’t count the few sentences after the fight because they were mostly spoken in quick bursts of worry and pain-- and he found himself unable to find a single word to say. He grabbed his glass of water and chugged it, forcing the lump of bread down his throat. It gave him a few seconds to mull over what he wanted to say to Sherlock, but still nothing came to him. He was relieved to see him, which he supposed was good enough.
“You got all that from how he walked?” John craned his neck over his shoulder and saw Sherlock shrug.
“I don’t need your charity,” John hissed. There was little left that what was still his, but damned if he would let some posh kid try to take his pride as well. He could do all of this on his own. He could.
“You must understand that I never meant for it to hurt you.” Not like this, never like this. Sherlock clings to the thought. For John. If not for him, then the past three years meant nothing. Every empty lonely night. Every terrifying moment, flinching from imagined and real dangers. Every bruise, welt, scar, and broken bone. Always for John.
“Why not? I know you loved Mum, I know. But you also didn’t keep the only picture of her you have locked away in a box for decades and get all--” She waves a hand at him as if to encompass all of whatever it was John was doing. “Soppy-eyed at the mere sight of it.”
He stared at Jonn, eyes flicking across his face, surely noting the dark circles, the stubble. In the grey light, he stretched out across the bright line and ran his hand down John’s front. When his hand slid under the sheet, John closed his eyes and bit his lip. Sherlock’s fingers rested, hesitating, for a moment on John’s hip before finally coming to rest on his cock.
They had been words for a stranger, an acquaintance, not for a man who had once been everything in John’s life. Sherlock had nodded, a half-smile tucked into the corners of his mouth, and had played along and even as John played it back in his mind, he winced at how hateful the whole thing had been. John held no illusions that their distance was anything other than his own fault.
“Nothing revealing. You seemed very concerned about the state of the animals in the operating room.”
“He came to your mum’s funeral,” he confesses to the carpet (easier to look at than her wide, innocent eyes), but returns the squeeze of her hand.
He quickly makes his way toward the door, tightening his coat around him and readjusting his scarf. Mary follows quick on his heels, though he makes no move to slow down. He steps out into the cool evening air and breathes slowly.
Fond? No, that wasn’t the right word for it at all. Cared for. Loved, if he allowed himself to tend towards fanciful things when he was alone in his room at night. John had never found his questions odd (
Like this, John feels powerless. He tests Sherlock, pushing with his legs. Sherlock puts his weight into it and holds his legs down. His arm is a bar behind John’s knees, keeping him bare and open to the world. What comes next is up to Sherlock and, in giving over fully, John’s anger fractures. Bit by bit, it disintegrates. Anger gives way to physical pain, something John knows how to endure far better than the emotional wreck his mind has been all morning. He focuses on the pain. It swallows him up. The muscles in his legs spasm and protest the position; his arms have gone numb; his arsehole is stretched and far too full. But god, his mind has finally stopped the repetitive loop of guilt and rage at least for this one blessed moment.
. How someone could be so fond of mystery and intrigue and know nothing about the genre was beyond him. When the urge to laugh finally receded, he spoke once more. “Fine. Not the widow. Not the butler. My money is on the bellhop. He was awful twitchy.”
Sherlock squeezes his eyes tight and concentrates on feeling John’s heart thumping away under his hand. He envisions oxygen and blood pumping through atrium and ventricle and back again. Just eleven ounces of John, carrying so much weight, so easily crushed and snuffed out. Sherlock’s next breath chokes him.
He sat on the bed and fiddled with his buttons. How long did it take for John to clean himself? Surely he had been in there already for thirty minutes. Was it possible to drown in the shower? He’d have to do some experiments. John was a fit man, so it was unlikely that he succumbed to some as yet unknown illness. John was probably just taking his time. He was a fastidious sort. Years of military service and hospital shifts placed their mark on him. Since there was no rush, he was simply enjoying the luxury of a long, hot shower. Sherlock shifted on the bed. His skin tightened. The room was far too warm.
John leans back and plucks the photo from her hand. He rubs a thumb across it, banishing imagined dust. “Lovers. Jesus. Should have grounded you more often.”
John stretched next to him on the bed and patted his stomach. “God, I don’t think I’ve eaten that well in months. Keep that up and I won’t be able to fit into these trousers.” He yawned. “Think I could fall asleep just like this.”
The flat was only a few scant degrees warmer than outside, but Sherlock still tore off his hood and ran his fingers through his hair. He never felt clean these days. He sweated horribly even as he froze and the day’s filth clinged to his skin and hair. The mask came next and he wiped ineffectively at the sore skin around his mouth, rubbed raw by constant contact.
Before John could stutter out an apology (again), her dog charged forward, tiny legs propelling it forward so fast that they nearly disappeared into the mass of its fur. The dog bowled into John’s legs, causing him to step backwards to keep from having his shins destroyed by a furry bullet with teeth. The dog gave a series of yips, each in increasing pitch, before it was satisfied that John wasn’t a threat. It stopped its assault and sat back. One of its eyes pointed the wrong way, giving the somewhat confusing appearance that it was trying to watch John and Sherlock at the same time. It looked a bit too much like the odd-eyed dog painting in their room. Obviously the woman had an affinity for ugly dogs from a certain lineage. It’d certainly win awards at dog shows for the tiny but ferocious class. It glared a challenge at John, the flaps of its mouth twisted over its crooked teeth. John glared back. He didn’t so much dislike dogs; dogs were fine. This, however, was not a dog. It was a rat with papers. The staring contest was at an impasse, neither short and furious creature refusing to back down. John knew he had the upper hand; obviously, he could punt the thing away with a well-timed kick if it went for his shins again.
A cab is already waiting when he makes it to the kerb. John is staring at the open door with the empty confusion of someone who is too worn to make sense of anything around them. Mary tugs at his sleeve, trying to maneuver him into the open door.
“Yeah, well they made it easy on me.” John scratched his stomach and eyed Sherlock lazily. “They are good people, Sherlock. Think you are overselling their eagerness on having grandchildren.”
John shut the door and finally looked around the room. Expensive furniture made to look rustic decorated the room. A large bed rested against one wall and hanging above it was a large painting of a hideous dog. It managed to give the appearance of staring both at John and at the wall opposite it. One tooth poked out of its mouth, tugging its jowl upward. It was impossible to tell what breed it was, but John was sure it had papers that proclaimed it was of royal pedigree. Nothing had a jaw like that wasn’t royal. He was going to have nightmares with that thing hanging over the bed. Speaking of which.
London’s sprawl lies muted just beyond the walls of John’s flat, but Sherlock still finds it a comfort. The heartbeat of London acts as a talisman against the darkness lurking in his own chest. His ribs are a band of fire every time he breathes, his skin darkened by a collection of still-healing bruises. His knee twinges in sympathy and he stretches his leg out as best he can. The swollen joint gave him trouble up the stairs, but the pain was worth it. He is home-- or something like it.
Grocery list forgotten, John began to run. Even as he neared Sherlock, the red faced boy grabbed Sherlock by the arm and twisted. A pain-filled gasp slipped past Sherlock’s lips, only to be silenced when the other boy hit him hard across the face. John plowed into the boy holding Sherlock, sending all three of them to the ground in a tangle of flying fists and kicking feet. John tasted blood as someone’s elbow connected with his jaw. He lashed out, driving his fist into the boy’s stomach again and again. The other boy looped an arm around John’s neck and pulled back, only to let go with a yelp as Sherlock clawed at his face. After that, John was too preoccupied with keeping his own face from getting bashed in. He didn’t believe in fighting fair. He bit and punched, pulled hair and kicked.
Ms Simmons ducked down and scooped up her dog. She gave it a quick kiss on the head. “Oh, who is being a bad girl today? Grumpy little puppy. Yes, you are. You’re Miss Grump Grumps.” She smile. “And here Mr Watson--”
“Christ, there are more of you?” John blanched at the thought of more Sherlocks running around. They’d probably all have the same imperious air about them and be dressed in the same tightly fitted suits. He’d either die from the amount of blood  rushing to his head or the amount rushing out of it.
“You don’t like taking her money.” Sherlock ducked in front of him and walked backwards so he could study John.
John freezes and tilts his head. Part of him wants to bash Sherlock with his torch, but he listens: a distant honk from outside, the drip of water, and-- so faint he almost thought he was imagining it-- a soft sob.
John pinched the bridge of his nose and closed his eyes. He counted to ten. And then again. Sherlock held back the urge to tell him to fire his therapist as the counting was just making John even more angry. “Whose toes are they?”
Love is an uneasy emotion for John; love and pain tangled horribly in his mind. But oh, he had loved Sherlock. He never could bring himself to say it back then, but John had loved him. It had never been enough, would never be enough. Sherlock died; no, left him. He had left John because John was not enough for him.
Taking another turn, Sherlock stepped out onto a parapet. The cold wind buffeted at him and this high up, the lights of the emergency vehicles below were nothing more than weak fireflies. He stooped and pulled out his magnifier and torch. He clenched the torch between his teeth before setting about studying the floor. More claw marks, like the ones he had seen on the boulder below, adorned the surface of the ground, along with scorch marks. Whatever caused it was certainly powerful and quick, though smaller than himself.
He loses track of time, floating in that liminal space. He only comes back down when the weight of Sherlock shifts on the bed and he hears the squelch of lube across Sherlock’s fingers. He can’t lift his head, but he feels Sherlock untie his ankles and bend his knees towards his chest. The press of lubed fingers push into John’s arsehole. John’s breath catches as Sherlock works him open. He expects Sherlock’s cock to follow, but instead the brunt end of a dildo pushes in. It’s bigger than what he is used to and promises to leave him feeling it for days.
And with that, she was gone and silence unfurled between them. Sherlock tentatively sat on the stool next to him and propped his cast up on the table. They both took up a careful study of the grain patterns on the table.
Sherlock growls in frustration as he pulls the drawers on the table open, frantically searching its contents. “Useless! How am I to find him if they leave nothing behind?” He slams a drawer closed and scrubs a hand through his curls.
The dawn greeted John's tired eyes. Grey light slowly worked its way past the curtains, drawing a watery line across the ceiling. He watched that line. It bisected the room, not a clean break, but a wavering divide that cut across his shoulder, down his soft stomach. Sherlock rested completely on one side, the angles of his face still drowned in darkness. John tried to match his breathing to Sherlock’s, slow and steady, until Sherlock’s eyes slowly opened.
John winced at the harsh, twisted croak of Sherlock’s voice. “Yeah, it does. It matters to me.” The stethoscope was cold even through the layer of Sherlock’s shirt, but it felt welcoming against his overheated skin.
“Well, I inferred a bit. I saw that he was troubled when he returned from his coffee break. Given that he is usually jovial to the point of being annoying, I deduced that something had happened while he was out. He had left his phone behind at the lab, so obviously it wasn’t his wife calling him. No, he ran into someone. Someone he cared for and had learned something worrying about. A few questions and he told me about you. The bit about the army and being in need of cash I gathered from your drinking the cheapest cup of coffee on the menu, as well as the cheap haircut and the chair you chose in the coffee shop.”
Sherlock paused only briefly in his inspection of a mildewy slice of watermelon. “Because you are an idiot.”
“So this is a joke? You’re having me on.” Barely suppressing a sigh of frustration, John bent to pick up his cane. He didn’t know this man from Adam and if this should turn into something a bit more sinister than a joke, John still knew how to throw a punch. The cane was a handy weapon, too.
“Oh.” That didn’t go particularly as he planned. He had hoped Sherlock would have a ridiculous tale to share. Sherlock’s frown deepened; a deep furrow formed in between his eyebrows.
“Stop moving.” Sherlock’s fingers relent and blood flows back into the abused bit of flesh on John’s thigh. The pain is sharp and grounding, a bolt of sharp electricity that travels right to John’s cock. He obviously doesn’t trust John to stay still; shortly thereafter he yanks John down toward the edge of the bed, straining John’s arms, and ties his ankles to the feet of the bed. Like this, John feels flayed open. The position leaves his arms just this shy of painful. Even when between bouts of striking John, Sherlock is always aware of the limits of John’s shoulder. Still before long, John’s arms will begin to ache.
am back.” A grave opens before him, yawning and waiting to swallow him whole. He clings to the pain in John’s voice. He can fix this. He can, if only John gives him a chance.
“You would invite bad luck upon you on your birthday? Why?” Her eyes widened in fear. “They are ill spirits and while your father may trust them to guard the castle, I will not have them sit at our dinner table.” She spun and pointed at John. “Out! You have no right to be here and no place among my family. Do not dare darken my doorstep again.”
“Very well. Take my brother and James with you. It would be good to know the lay of the land.” James loved a good flight and, if nothing else, it would serve to distract his mind from the visions he saw.
“John, can you hear me? Love, the ambulance is on its way.” Mary drops to the ground next to John, tossing her mobile aside. Her fingers lightly brush his forehead, cautiously seeking out the source of the blood that is smeared along his hairline. The tips of her fingers come away red. She hums in sympathy when John gives a little groan that sounds a bit like ‘Mary.’
“It’s fine.” John resisted the urge to rub at the wound. Though the injury had been serious, slumbering should have healed it completely. James only bore scars because he had nearly died, the entire flank of him destroyed and only rebuilt through a long and arduous slumber. He gave a reassuring pat to James’s side. “What happened? Why were you so afraid?”
John nodded, rolled out of bed, and grabbed his suitcase. He shut the door to the washroom without so much as another word. Sherlock sighed and resigned himself to getting up early. Perhaps they would be able to do a bit of snooping around before the entire house woke up to begin their day. After all, the best people to talk to were the help. They saw everything and knew everyone’s business. Nearly as useful as little old ladies.
A healthy heart beats between sixty and one hundred beats per minute. Sherlock tested his throughout a variety of experiments: sober, high, resting, running, bored, excited. When resting, his pulse registers at seventy beats per minute. It would be lower, he supposes, if he avoided nicotine and caffeine, but then he has so little in the way of vices these days. He longs for something stronger as his pulse pounds past seventy-five, eighty, eighty-five. His chest judders with his next breath and a cold line of sweat collects along his hairline.
John flushed and ducked his head. It was bad enough being caught picking through garbage, worse still to have someone critique his technique. He nodded and picked up his bags. “Thanks. I’ll keep that in mind. Think I am done for the day.”
Sherlock forces himself still. The urge to rush at John is clawing away at his throat, but every line of John’s body screams stay away. Instead, he painfully squats out of arms’ length. He grits his teeth at the pain that flares in his knee. It’s nothing, nothing in comparison to the sound of John’s voice.
“And to think you were just angry about lying and there you are doing it yourself.” Sherlock’s face fell and, to John’s horror, a tear slipped down Sherlock’s nose. “I should have known you’d be like the others.”
So maybe he did want to play a game of his own. Maybe he wanted to see just how flustered he could make Sherlock, see if he could throw him off balance the way Sherlock had done to him. And oh god, was Sherlock easy to throw.
This world was wrong. Everything buzzed and hummed as if man had grown afraid of silence. Perhaps they had. Humans always were fond of noise, and Fantomas was no different. His office had tapestries that spoke and moved trapped behind panes of glass. More magic, though Fantomas assured him it was not.
The leader of the invading force grabbed William by the hair and pulled him up to his knees. “I had hoped I would convince you to defend my new castle for me.”
“The rest of the feet, of course.” Hadn’t there been a full set of toes in the dish? Best not to mention to John that there might be a rat about with its own collection of human toes.
He panted against her neck, teeth nipping at the flesh. His tail lashed behind him, smacking against the trunk of the tree. She turned her head and licked at his cheek, his ear, the deceptively soft skin under his jaw. His tail fell limp.
“You bastard. If it wasn’t for the fact the first one happened ten years ago, I’d say you’re the one going around murd--” Before John could finish his sentence, Sherlock grabbed him by the shirt and kissed him. Or at least it was an attempt at a kiss. Sherlock kissed with teeth and force and clung to John with too many limbs. It was a bit like being kissed by an angry squirrel. It was all rather disappointing, because Sherlock had lips made for kissing, if he would just use them.
He snatched up a dinner roll from Mrs. Hudson’s last attempt to get him to eat something. It was stale and crunched under his teeth, but it would suffice until he could order something. As he reached for his disorganized stack of menus, the doorbell rang. He paid it no mind. He wasn’t expecting any guests. He shoved another dinner roll in his mouth, coughing a bit around his mouthful. Fumbling for a glass of water, he failed to hear the door open. He spun around at the sound of someone entering his flat.
Sherlock scoffed. He huffed. He squared his shoulders at the outright nerve of anyone considering him
He watches her. Times like these, she reminds him so painfully of Mary that it makes his chest ache. He’s tried, God knows, to be a decent father. Not like he had much in the way of example, but he’s done the best he could. But he also knows he is a hard man to love. Mary called him a stubborn mule of a man. Heartfelt confessions and tearful discussions always left him unmoored. Raising a daughter on his own for the past ten years has done little to fix that. He flexes his jaw and stares down at his hands, before letting out a slow breath.
“John,” he said. Hope had never more fully infused a word. John drank in his face like a man dying of thirst, even as terror filled his belly. William still trusted him, still believed that John would save them all.
“Yes, well, I am sure you lost a good deal of weight while recovering. It probably wouldn’t hurt to put some back on.” Sherlock slipped his shoes off and worked his toes into the carpet. “You were good with them. Thank you.”
flat, but it hadn’t been theirs in quite some time.) He never thought there would be a time when he wasn’t talking to Sherlock nearly every day, even if it had just been in text form. But then there had been Mary. And then Lucy, whose name even now made his chest ache. For awhile, his life was consumed with midnight feedings and slammed doors, doctor visits and too many bills, angry silences and tentative touches. He was a man of glass and each day he felt a new fracture.
“But you are about to go live with something interesting, something that will change the playing field. You’ve been working on it for years, toiling away in secret, and now, the eve before your big reveal, your enemies decided to strike,” Sherlock said.
“Yes, John. Toes. How are toes any worse than anything else you have found out about me thus far?” Perhaps reminding him of the stalking wasn’t the best idea, but at least it would get John to stay and maybe yell a little more.
Sherlock’s mother smiled and patted John on the arm. “I’ll let you two boys catch up. Sherlock, no rough housing. We don’t want a repeat of last time.”
“He was only asleep for a day longer than us.” His brother lumbered forward and they clasped arms. He rested his forehead against John’s and spoke so only the two of them could hear. “I failed you, brother. If I had acted faster or stayed at the castle—“
“Sherlock, you aren’t getting rid of me that easily.” John shifts on the bed. His knee brushes up against Sherlock’s thigh and then stays there.
John took the folder from him and flipped through the pictures. Simmons was a handsome woman, a mix of good solid stock and regal upbringing. He imagined she was the type to hunt on the weekends in her nice leather boots and then return home and host a large get-together. Probably fond of her terror of a dog, which was almost certainly named Princess. “You think it was something else?”
“With the way he walked? No. He had adopted the stance of police when they are killing time while on duty. There is a particular gait they have when they proceed from one place to another, which tells me that our dear Daniel once hoped to join the illustrious ranks of the police force. He knows the basics, enough to mimic, but he probably never actually made it to constable, if he even made it out of the basic training.”
“It’s fine.” John settles himself on Sherlock’s bed more firmly, as if he has no better place to be.
“Shut. Up. You surmised? God, you self-centered prick. You think I would just move on like you were nothing more than a friend.”
“John, rid yourself of the frown. I have simply chosen a name for myself: Murray. He is an actor and very funny. He does these things called…? Hmmm…”
Sherlock gives John just a moment to test the length of the bonds before fetching a riding crop. He tests the bend of it in his hand, inspecting every inch of it.
“Patently untrue. She obviously has more money than you do. What’s the point of doing these jobs if you turn down the money at the end of them?”
That had not gone like he thought it would. Sherlock stared up at the ceiling, arms still at his side. John was a heavy, relaxed weight against him. John looked soft, but it was all deception. How anyone could look at this man and not see past his plain jumpers and gentle smile? Lean muscle and hard edges hid behind his affable front.
John placed his hand on Sherlock’s chest, blocking his quick exit. “Don’t you try to be smart with me. Why is your mother here?”
Sherlock swings a leg over John and slowly works John’s cock into his arsehole. He rocks up and down, inch by inch, taking his time. When he is finally fully seated, he grabs a fistful of John’s hair and yanks his head up. “You come only after I have.” He gives John a hard smack for good measure and releases his grip on John’s hair.
Sherlock babbles as his heart kickstarts in his chest. Sherlock lets his fingertips explore the lines of John’s face, mapping the dip of his cupid’s bow, the rough stubble along his jaw.
“Because I,” John swallowed and clenched his fist. “I missed you. All right? There. I missed you. I am a pathetic middle aged man--Christ, I’m almost fifty." He shook his head. "I’m a failure of a husband and. . .” His jaw snapped shut. Words caught just behind his teeth battled to be heard. He couldn’t say it: how it had felt to have his years of training as a doctor fail him utterly, how it felt to be helpless in the face of such despair, how the past year had been ugly, empty, and alone. He breathed hard out of his nose. Sherlock continued to stare at him, not giving him a chance to look away. He was pinned, open for Sherlock’s dissection. Terrible. Wonderful.
His head snapped up at the sound of James roaring. Muscles, long disused, bunched and flexed, propelling John towards the sound. At the end of the hall, he saw James. In one fist, James hefted a guard above his head and shook him. “Where is he? What have you done with him?”
If he wanted a demon, then John would give him one. John shoved aside the pain and pounced, claws extending and ready to rip Tremaine apart. An arrow ripped through his right wing and he fell once more. He howled in impotent rage as a group of archers appeared, led by a man he did not recognize. This would be the end of him. Tremaine raised his sword, ready to bring down the final blow.
“Yeah, I am sure that’s exactly what they were thinking. ‘Let’s pop off to some rich bastard’s place and make some noise. We hear Holmes is turning thirty-three today.’ Christ.”
Lestrade smacked the side of the car and took off at a sprint. The damn fool was going to get himself killed and where exactly would that leave Lestrade, eh? With a mountain of paperwork. He flashed his badge at one of the officers urging people away and made a beeline toward Sherlock. Bent over inspecting a large piece of masonry, Sherlock ignored his shouts and continued to run a gloved hand over it. He wrapped a hand around Sherlock’s bicep and tugged him none too gently to his feet. Sherlock grunted his annoyance.
Kindness has always been a stranger, an uneasy acquaintance. His childhood, despite John’s obvious assumptions, had not been particularly lonely. His parents had doted on him and showered him with praise. Not until his years away at school as a teen did he truly learn how different he was from other children.
He leaves London. The city holds little interest for him now. Crime scenes no longer entice them with their secrets. After years of chasing criminals and being chased in turn, he aches deep in his bones like winter has set permanently into his joints. Lestrade tries to talk him out of it by arguing that forty-two is far too young to retire, but it’s a half-hearted argument. The years back have been long and while he has learned to ignore the absence of John at his side, the joy of cases spent with him casts a shadow over every new case he takes on. No, three years back in London without John by his side is long enough. He is done with torturing himself and waiting for someone who no longer wants him.
Sherlock pushed past the two men blocking the sidewalk and tugged his hood down further to protect his eyes.
A tremor ran through John’s wing. “No, no. I--” He cleared his throat, trying to fight back the terror he had first felt upon waking. He offered a weak smile to the both of them. “Someone needs to protect the castle after all.”
“Yeah, you look good.” John nodded, berating himself already for appearing too enthusiastic. God, he sounded lonely and desperate even to his own ears. “I mean, I saw your recent case in the papers. Well done.” Christ, what he wouldn’t have given to have been there.
Still it grates on him. No one asks. John suffered and Sherlock must know that, but Sherlock suffered, too.
“Then you should also know that they have a hard time learning from their mistakes. So little time on this earth and they have to be constantly moving. Never look back. Forward, forward.” He snorted through his muzzle. “It must be a tiring existence.”
. You should take up comedy. You are wasted on detective work. C’mon, that wasn’t particularly quiet.”
“I can’t--” John grits his teeth and rocks his head back and forth. They both know how to end this, but John swallows down the words. He can feel Sherlock studying him to see what John will do next. He needs Sherlock to make him do this, to have the choice taken from him, but John bites his tongue. He won’t ask for it. Sweat gathers along his hairline. His breath catches-- oh god, wide, so wide, and on and on. The shaking in his body builds, and he whines.
They didn’t talk about it again. Instead, they fell back into their routine. They didn’t venture far from Sherlock’s house, but it didn't matter as there was still plenty to do in the surrounding area. There was a small wooded area nearby and they spent several days looking for mushrooms and other poisonous plants. After a long argument, John convinced Sherlock that trying one, even if it was only a little bite, was probably a bad idea.
“Why are you walking so funny?” Sherlock had stopped just up ahead and was considering him with a frown.
“Er…right, well ignoring the fact that I am not a woman and won’t be popping out any children-- how about you stop murdering your suit jacket?” John stilled Sherlock’s hands. “So you asked me along because you wanted to head off all the talk before it could get started. And the case?”
Mrs. Hudson popped her head out of 221A, dish cloth in hand. “Sherlock! You watch all the banging and stomping around. You break that door again and it’s coming out of your rent, young man.”
John shakes his head and fights a grin. “Try? I got it open. Your little lockpicks didn’t manage that.”
“No.” Sherlock sipped his coffee dutifully. He had only bothered eating part of the toast because John had glared at him when he had first turned his nose up at the suggestion of breakfast.
John leant back, chin spit-slick and mouth still full of Sherlock’s taste, and looked up. Sherlock’s eyes squeezed shut and his mouth twisted as if he only just now realized what he had said. He slowly opened his eyes and glanced down at John. A whimper escaped from his throat.
He always has. Never a good enough son or friend or lover. But god, he thought maybe this time he would get someone to stay.
“Your Highness.” He shifted on the outcropping that was his home perch. From it, he gazed down upon the castle, the muddied roads and squat buildings that surrounded it, and beyond to the rolling fields, now dusted with snow. The old river cut through it all, slow and stately. Night pressed in, blanketing the land in darkness and silence.
“Who said I did?” John rubbed a tired hand across his brow at Sherlock’s pointed look. “Fine. I did change my mind. Decided to figure out what exactly Mike had told you.”
A hysterical laugh bubbles up in Sherlock’s throat. He shakes his head. Behind closed lids, he can still see Eurus. Her face flashes from murderer to lost child—  a mask over a mask over a mask. A puzzle that Sherlock cannot solve that nearly killed the most precious thing in his life.
John opened his eyes. He stared off into the distance, his eyes tracking the fall of ash, a cruel inversion of the eagerness a child showed at the first sign of flurries. “And now…”
“It’s fine. Little rascal just had to go.” John gave a smile that was all teeth. “Good thing I wore the boots rather than the dress shoes.”
“Wistful, huh? God, when did you get so bloody observant?” John shakes his head. “I suppose it’s a bit like that. I loved him, but he’s not in my life anymore.”
He’s back in Serbia. Back in an alleyway. Back on the roof. Smith laughs and laughs, rattling around in Sherlock’s head as John hits him again. He tastes blood on his tongue and his vision blurs. In between hits, he hears John’s breath come out in ragged gasps.
Sherlock’s body knows what it is doing, even if it feels like his brain has left him. He meets John halfway. He licks into John’s mouth, nibbles at his lips, and learns the sounds John makes when Sherlock deepens the kiss into something harder, raw, and primal. John tastes of sleep and feels like a barely remembered dream, like a homecoming, but a home Sherlock never realized he had fully left. Pressed together like this, John’s pulse races against Sherlock’s own.
She laughed. “Good tidings? I have heard what the soldiers call you. Goliath. Bully. Giant. Monster. You bring nothing but ill here. Your kind was born in blood and fire and will die in the same. I will not have you take my only son with you.”
“What’s wrong with what I am wearing?” John looked down at his clothes. Granted he wasn’t the best dressed person in the room, but there was nothing wrong with the shirt and tie he had picked out.
“Ha! As if your portions would even begin to fill my belly. You are nothing but skin and bones, Goliath.”
Sherlock rubbed at his wrist. Even now, he didn’t look the least bit apologetic; he was more offended peacock than scolded child. “I was simply stating a fact.”
William. Mary. His clan. His heart fell to dust in his chest. A slow, agonizing death awaited the mage who had taken everything from him. If they wanted to believe him a demon, then that’s exactly what he would give them. Never before had his blood sung with the need to hunt, to rend limb from limb. Its sweet siren song called for immediate action.
Their kind had no need for names. What good were names? They couldn’t encapsulate the unique sound of wings beating against hot air or the taste of magic on their tongues. No, they could not wield magic; they
“Still. You have work in the morning.” Sherlock smoothes the blanket under his hands, seeking out each wrinkle with steadfast focus.
“Ugh. Dull. I didn’t think the average intelligence of the student body could drop any lower, but I was proven wrong. All anyone wants to discuss is who is snogging whom.” He spit snogging out as if it pained him to even use the word.
“Ah, the attack. Of course, it must feel like it just happened.” The man knelt in front of him. This close John could smell a spicy scent that clung to the man. “My name is Gerard Fantomas. You have been asleep for a very long time.”
“Yes, thank you, Mrs. Hudson. Would hate for the door to be broken. All of London could get in.” He jerked at his coat. His arms tangled in it for a moment and he gave a frustrated shout, before finally freeing himself. He tossed his coat down the stairs, barely missing Mrs. Hudson. With a huff, she ducked into her flat.
She bit his lip hard enough to draw blood. Copper danced along her tongue and she lapped at his mouth. Against her thigh, she felt the heavy weight of his cock growing hard. She snaked a hand between them and wrapped her hand around his length through the cloth of his kilt. He stilled under her hand. His limbs shook around her, a poor imitation of a cage. She squeezed him and dragged her hand up his cock, before bringing it back down once more in a rough jerk.
John dropped the necklace and ran towards his friend. There were some things he’d rather not have the humans hear. “James, I’m here. You are safe. These men are not with the invading army.”
“I understand that the past three years of my life have been hell. You took those years from me, Sherlock. You took
The smell that lingers on him now is nothing like the one he remembers from his childhood. Suffocating. Painful. It burns his eyes (the only explanation for why unshed tears stick his lashes together) and clogs his throat. He banishes it-- the memories, the fear, the sticky tar mudding his throat-- and tugs his now ruined gloves from his hands, so he may better run his fingers through John’s hair. Blood and sweat mats the strands, tangling them around Sherlock fingers, and in the half-light given from the bonfire, Sherlock cannot tell which is which. His hands tingle. John’s skin is superheated again his palm as he slides it down John’s neck to cradle his head.
“Sherlock, you don’t get to-- no. Just no. You were the one who decided to stop talking to me. Two years, Sherlock. Not a single word. The last I heard you were so depressed you could barely get out of bed and I had to hear that from your mum. You couldn’t even send me an email to let me know you were okay? Or to say that you weren’t interested in talking anymore?”
“It’s for an experiment.” Sherlock shut his notebook and removed his gloves. A small smile of satisfaction flitted across his face. “Same time next week?”
The waiting, though, is its own sort of torture.  When Sherlock shuts the door to Mrs. Hudson’s flat, John groans in frustration, finally giving voice to the need to come. John splays his legs wide and ruts into the air. A part of him used to hate that he needed this, used to balk at the very idea that sometimes he needed an overly firm hand, to be used, to be fucked relentlessly until he is left gasping and shaking. Now though, he can only think of the next moment, the next slap of Sherlock’s hand or the rough pull of his hair.
Sherlock took a slow, careful breath, wary of setting off another fit. When the urge passed, he followed John and sat heavily into a chair at the table. “Doesn’t matter.”
“Ah well, that’s good. That you aren’t going anywhere.” John thrust the plastic bag into the space between them. His tongue felt clumsy in his mouth and he swallowed the urge to babble. “Hungry?”
“No.” John hated when he did this. It was fine when he tried to figure out other people, but he didn’t like Sherlock staring at him like he’s a puzzle just waiting to be solved.
But the thought persisted. He worried it back and forth, persistent as a dog with a bone, as he made his way on yet another errand to the local grocer’s. Every day he had spent with Sherlock was reexamined. He looked for something to show him that Sherlock actually had wanted to be his friend. There had been that day, just after they had met, when Sherlock had convinced him to jump a neighbor’s fence to steal a few flowers for Sherlock to study. Neither one of them had known that the neighbor had just adopted an extremely territorial Rottweiler. One adrenaline fueled dash later and John started to laugh in between gasps. It was contagious and soon Sherlock was laughing along with him. Sherlock had looked surprised that John was laughing, like he couldn’t believe that they were having fun together. That mixture of shyness and pleasant surprise couldn’t be faked.
Upstairs, Rosie begins to cry in her crib. He knows that she always does this when she first wakes from her nap, that this is nothing new, and it’s okay to let her cry for a bit in case she settles back down, but his brain still screams at his uselessness. John upends the basket of laundry. He can’t do anything right. The walls close in, testifying to his failures-- father, husband, soldier, doctor, friend, lover. Everything he touches crumbles. He raises a fist to punch it into the wall. A broken hand and a hole in the plaster would be preferable to the hurricane in his mind.
“Younger than she, blond, fit, and, most importantly, taken.” Sherlock continued to stare at his shoes. It wasn’t a complete lie. All of Simmons’ husbands had been younger and blond. She liked her men competent, but also willing to bend at her command. As for the taken part, well, what John didn’t know wouldn’t hurt him. “She has more sense than to seduce a man who is categorically uninterested in women, but a bisexual man with a male partner would appear to her as an appealing sort of challenge.”
He pulls up into the gravel next to Sherlock’s house and waits. He stares at the wheel in front of him and plans his method of attack. Part of him wants to reverse his car out of there and chalk this all up to bad thinking. The other, much larger and louder, part begs for him to pluck up his courage and go knock on the door already. He swallows down that impulse. Sherlock had left his mark on John’s life, for good and bad. He is not angry at Sherlock, not anymore, but he also needs to be sure he is doing this for himself and not for anyone else. Not for Rosie. Not even for Sherlock.
“Shoddy craftsmanship. I barely even brushed it.” He cast the beam from his light around the shed. “Waste of time, anyway. He didn’t kill Humphrey. Or the other two husbands.”
Sweat greeted his nose as he buried his face into the dark curls that surrounded Sherlock’s cock. He mouthed along the base of Sherlock's cock, tongue marking the line where skin disappeared into hair. This was his, wasn’t it? All of it? If he grabbed this chance, it could be again. God, he wanted it to be. He pressed open mouthed kisses across Sherlock’s skin, gently bit at his hips, and savoured the hint of musk that lingered on his tongue and in his nose when he nudged Sherlock’s cock out of the way and simply inhaled. In that smell resided a thousand memories of late nights, of running until his sides ached, of fumbling in the darkness for the feel of Sherlock's skin under his hands. He felt something painful unlock inside him and he dug his nails into Sherlock’s thighs. He missed Sherlock so much that every part of him ached. Even having him here right now only eased the hurt; it didn’t banish it. It was a wound from a different sort of war and it lingered.
“Shit, is it broken?” He reached out to touch, but Sherlock tucked his arm closer to his chest. “Okay, um, do you live far? Don’t worry. We’ll get you sorted.” John moved forward slowly, hands steady, and herded Sherlock down the street. Sherlock, however, had other plans.
When he was a child, his father built bonfires every summer when they visited the beach. It was a time honoured tradition, according to his father (a waste of time, according to Mycroft) and in those early years, Sherlock loved the simple task of gathering the bits of wood he could carry under his father’s watchful eye before heading down to the shoreline. When he asked why he couldn’t just burn the sticks they found at the beach, Mycroft sniffed at him, having already perfected his look of disdain and haughtiness, and told him it was toxic to do so. (Sherlock sneaked pieces of driftwood home, tucked in his pockets, and later burned them in a coffee tin, and never forgot that sometimes things that were dangerous could also be beautiful.)
John turned away for a moment, hands occupied with packing up his bag. “No worse than mine.” He offered a flat smile over his shoulder. “How’d it go?”
Sherlock’s brow wrinkled in confusion. “Why on earth would the butler kill anyone? He has nothing to gain from it.”
“Because sometimes it feels good to do things for other people.” Why couldn’t Sherlock ever drop things? He pushed and pushed and didn’t care one wit who he hurt when he did it. John kicked a rock in frustration.
With a huff, Sherlock gestured wildly. “I am in need of a date-- not even a real one-- and we are suited to each other, which will make the week go much faster than if I were to spend it with someone I couldn’t stand.”
Sherlock swallows and curls his fingers to keep from running his hand along the blonde hair gathered on John’s thigh. The lines of his bedding blur; the edges grow watery as his vision fills with unshed tears. He blinks them back. “No, I suppose not.”
“The same as it went the day before and the day before. Morons.” Sherlock rested his elbows on the table and pressed his hands over his face.
“Liar. I can always tell when you are lying.” In the moonlight, she looked more ghost than flesh and blood. Her stone was white, bleached by the sun, and she disappeared easily against the harsh snow that clung to the land. While he was the color of sand, of dirt, she shone, her stone sparkling prettily when the moonlight hit her just right. She, more than any of his kind, looked human, angelic almost. Perhaps that was why William had taken to calling her Mary, though John felt the name ill-fitting. There was little about the Holy Mother that suited her. Blood and sword bedecked her more often than a gentle hand or a kind smile. He wouldn’t ask for anyone else at his side in combat. The humans often forgot that angels were warriors.
He screams. In his dazed state, the room sways: empty pool, a hospital roof, a locked room with padded walls. The smell of his own burning flesh grounds him in reality, briefly: a too cold room in Serbia, far from London and home.   The guard presses the red hot poker against his chest again, right above his heart.
John’s begging is swallowed up by silk, but he still tries. Sherlock leans forward, pulls the underwear from his mouth, and smashes their mouths together. It’s more a punch than a kiss. Teeth clack against each other. Sherlock bites John’s bottom lip hard enough to draw blood. He deepens their kiss to drown out John’s cries of pain and his begging for permission to come.
Sherlock shut the door behind him and bustled past John. He bounded up the stairs, two at a time, as if he were nothing more than an eager schoolboy. John followed, nervousness giving away to a strange sort of giddiness. This was Sherlock. From the moment they had met, John felt like he was on the brink of a sprint, a mad dash with his blood surging away in his ears and his heart dancing in his chest.
“C-c-come on, John!” Knight smiled up at him, eyes wide and expectant. His four small wings flapped and he hovered just above the ground. Excitement vibrated off of him. “We haven’t even looked at London y-yet. Gerard said we could.”
John glanced down at his left shoulder. The skin was twisted, the flesh marred. James gently rubbed his thumb along the scar and though the pressure was light, pain sparked down John’s arm and caused his wing to spasm. He couldn’t silence the grunt the pain caused and James snatched his hand away.
“I knew, of course, our partnership was valuable to you. But a man of your strength, integrity, I knew that you would move on.” Sherlock berates himself even as he says it. Stupid, so stupid. “You had plenty of people you called friends, those that you could turn to and never seemed to have trouble with forming new relationships. While my loss would certainly be difficult, I had surmised it would be no harder than--”
John’s face twisted and his nose wiggled. Half-formed thoughts marched across his brow as his tired brain tried to figure out the new puzzle. “Right. At least you got rid of the bloody elephant.”
Sherlock gave a tentative smile. “Thank you. Are you still working at that one clinic?” He gestured, the name obviously slipping his mind.
“Bloody hell.” Lestrade swerved around a car that refused to move out of the way. Next to him, Sherlock vibrated.
“You died. Oh god, you died. You can’t be here. Fucking Christ, Sherlock.” John buries his face in his hands.
Another set of feet came into view. From this angle, he could make out little more than well-made boots and the embroidered hem of a robe.  Nobility, then. He growled up at the pair of them, willing his body to move. For his trouble, Tremaine kicked him hard in the chin, snapping his face up and away from them both. Just out of reach lay Knight, already frozen in stone.
The front door of their flat opens and shuts. Sherlock bounds down the stairs, Rosie in tow. He hears the delighted coo of Mrs. Hudson from downstairs inviting Sherlock in. He won’t be gone long, he never is when they do this. They promised they would never do this with Rosie in the flat. Not on days when even the air leaves John wanting to rage. Not when Sherlock needs to give him a firm hand.
Sound washed out of the room, leaving behind a dull rumble in William’s ears. Married? He had known his father had been speaking of it for some time, but he had not known that negotiations had moved forward so quickly. He sought out John’s eyes, hoping for some objection--anything-- but all he saw was the flash of his tail as John stormed out of the room.
“You did promise, John. When there was no one else around.” The prince stepped back from the window, beckoning John inside with a gentle wave of his hand.
He doesn’t feel Sherlock move off of him and only half acknowledges Sherlock untying him and rubbing feeling back into his biceps. He knows that he is crying now, the fight bleeding out of him under Sherlock’s steady hands. Sherlock shushes him when he groans at the emptiness he feels once Sherlock pulls the dildo free. He’ll feel this all later, the bruises and cuts under his clothes and the soreness in his arse, but for now, he rests. This part, the kindness that comes after each beating, is for Sherlock. John doesn’t need (deserve, his mind tries to whisper, but it is swept away with a flannel across his face) it. He lets Sherlock cover him with a blanket, lets himself be cared for.
“Mike Stamford assured me that you were a man of honor and quite capable. As well as able to handle a good deal of stupidity, so I don’t have to.”
“No. I was just about to step out for a bit. Needed some air. Mrs Hudson has been on and on about something. Haven’t the faintest idea what.” He patted his pockets for a moment before victoriously pulling out a much abused pack of cigarettes. He frowned when his tapping provided nothing from the pack and in retribution, he crushed it in his fist.
“Fuck!” John pulls away from the pain, but Sherlock refuses to let go. It will leave a dark bruise, but it won’t be the only one. Bruises are the norm, painting his skin in purples and greens days after one of these sessions. He attempts to kick out at Sherlock, but Sherlock dances out of reach. Damn his impossibly long arms and legs. They both know how this works. John will lash out, but Sherlock will win every time.
“Right, well, now that’s settled. I need a coffee.” John ran a hand through his damp hair. “Care to join me?”
He forced his feet forward. The crunch of his boots on the pavement drowned out the silence of an empty nursery that still echoed in his head. He could no longer float like a ghost from room to room, a spectre of missed moments and painful regrets. Spectres and snow. Regret and forgiveness.
John dropped the limp body at his feet. He wiped a blood covered hand across his brow, banishing the film of sweat that had gathered there. To his left, he heard James roaring and the terrified shouts of the men who had chosen to fight instead of running for their lives. It had been easy work to dispatch them; while there was a good number of them, they were disorganized. A few well-placed swipes and their moral broke.
“Get this freak off of me!” The boy Sherlock was fighting broke free and darted down the street. John hauled his opponent to his feet and shoved him off in the same direction, a well-placed boot to his arse sending the boy on his way.
Sherlock grabs a handful of his arse and squeezes, pulling him tighter against him. John loses his train of thought after that. He ruts against him, chasing pleasure. The table squeals across the kitchen floor, but neither of them pay it any mind. He hikes Sherlock’s thigh up, encouraging him to wrap his leg around John’s waist. John tugs him up exactly where he needs him, his cock pressed against the plush line of Sherlock’s arse, and lets him feel the way Sherlock has driven him just as mad. He comes hard, pants still on, and laughs his way through Sherlock’s orgasm.
John launched himself at his companion. He swiped with his claws, the blow softened to keep from doing any real damage. He moved lightning fast, wings snapping and tail lashing out. Soon, the two were tumbling down the wall in a tangle of arms, wings, and legs. They landed with a crash. John quickly gained the upperhand and pinned his friend to the ground. “Relent.”
The medics rush forward, pushing him out of the way, and the distance between him and John grows. He stands on the edge of the scene and counts out John’s breaths as they cloud the oxygen mask, a smokescreen shielding John’s mouth from view and any responses he gives to the people tending over him. He’s caught, waiting for John to come back to himself, alive and running and grinning at him.
“Oh, no you don’t. You don’t get to go hide away in your little mind palace after having a temper tantrum.”
Distantly, he heard the sound of Fantomas’s guards fighting back against the small army. Even as he turned to help them, an explosion ripped through the castle. The force of it knocked John to his knees. Not this time. He would not fail this time. He grabbed a large stone, muscles straining, and hefted it toward the largest group of soldiers. It caused them to scatter, though it missed its mark. The boulder soared over the edge of the building and down into the road below. John howled in triumph as he watched the invading force flee to the beast that had carried them here.
Behind the guard, Moriarty grins at him—  no, he’s dead. His heart stopped shortly after the bullet ripped through his brain. Mycroft told him so. A normal heart for an abnormal man. No twisted black blood in his veins. No gaping maw in his chest. Would it have felt any different in Sherlock’s hand?
But he never minded the work involved because at the end of it, once his father deemed that the wood had been piled just right, and his mother finished tutting about the sand in her shoes, and Mycroft finished glaring at the sea, it finally grew quiet enough for Sherlock to listen to the fire. The wood popped and cracked, showering the night sky with delicate flakes of fire and ash. Mycroft mocked him for his romanticism when he said the little motes of fire reminded him of stars. He never mentioned it again, but he loved those moments. When he wiggled his toes into the sand, he relished the way the top layer gave way to colder, wetter sand under his persistent digging and the little thrill of chill that raced up his legs even as his face felt overly warm from sitting too close to the flames. Smoke clung to his shirt, burrowed its musk into his curls, and later, when he finally returned home, belly full of marshmallows and face sticky, he fought with his mother about taking a bath to rid him of the smell of burnt wood. He loved that smell and how it permeated everything he wore.
He ascended another set of stairs. Clean, fresh plaster gave way to dark, aged stone and the windows transformed into arrow slits. Fascinating. Fantomas had integrated a castle into his upper class flat in a nearly seamless design. Sherlock ran a gloved hand along the wall. Impossible to place the exact date of the structure, but the rocks were uniform, suggesting all of it had come from the same castle. The question was: why?
“Open.” He taps John’s mouth with a finger and then pushes the silk in when John complies. The silk slides across John tongue, bringing the musky taste of Sherlock with it. Already, the fabric is growing wet in his mouth and finds himself playing his tongue back and forth across it, before he bites down on it as Sherlock slicks up John’s cock. He moans into the silk.
“And you haven’t talked to him in decades.” She tucks her hand in his and gives it a squeeze. He wonders where she learned to give such easy affection.
Sunlight washed over them. Slowly they turned to stone, their fingers still entwined, their bodies still angled close.
“We thought you would never ask.” He clapped and two soldiers tossed William out into the center of the crowd.
Coffee quickly turned into breakfast. John wasn’t one for skipping meals. On the contrary, he relished each and every bite. It was easy enough to reason out the source of that. Durable, sensible clothing that could be patched up instead of entirely replaced; the way he checked his wallet and counted out his money. Years of growing up poor had taught him the value of a meal long before he entered the army. While he shoved forkfuls of eggs into his mouth, he hummed happily. Sherlock tolerated it only because it was a pleasant sound. John had a strange way of making everything tolerable.
Sherlock deserved it, didn’t he? He deserved to be screamed at, to be told he was clueless. John’s life wasn’t a game. It wasn’t something he could just take off at the end of the day like a costume. It didn’t matter if Sherlock had just been trying to understand what John’s life was like. John wasn’t a test subject to observe.
Sherlock suddenly stopped and John barely kept from running into him. Against his better judgement, John looked up at him. Sherlock’s eyes had narrowed, as if he had drawn a particular conclusion. He hummed under his breath. “What’s it like being poor?”
When he finally earned his freedom again, he double-timed it to Sherlock’s house. He had expected his house to be ostentatious, something that smacked of the upper crust, but it wasn’t. It was nice, sure, but it didn’t sprawl or have thirty bedrooms and more servants than actual people living there. The Holmes’ household looked more cottage than manor and, though John still felt a little uncomfortable because it was unexpected and so different from what he was used to, he wasn’t constantly afraid that he might break some priceless vase.
The plastic under his fingers creaked in protest as he tried to keep from flinging it across the room. With far more patience than he felt, he carefully typed out a reply.
A fair question. Sherlock quickly glanced around the room and confirmed that one, they were not in a operating room, and two, there was a comforting lack of giraffes. He blamed the recent attack of sleep for the fact that it took him so long to figure out both. John could be very convincing at times. Sitting up, he studied John. It had been obvious since the moment he first began talking to John on the internet that John had trouble sleeping, but walking and talking in his sleep? This was new information. It was absolutely fascinating. He could study John this way for ages, noting down every odd phrase, provided John didn’t do anything to hurt himself. First, he needed to test how aware John was of the world around him. “Because we needed something to hang the bags from. Sir.”
Soldiers, clad in the same armor as the ones he had just killed, chased town’s people through the streets, herding them towards the river. Fear clenched his stomach. Where the group he had just dealt with had been disorganized, this force fought as well as any seasoned unit. He had fallen for a trap, laid by some unseen hand, and now the humans were paying for his distraction.
John ducks his head. The word struggles in his mouth. Did he love Sherlock? Love has never come easy for him and even now at thirty-seven, he isn’t sure he has ever been in love. But this feels like love, like something new and precious. He kisses Sherlock again and hopes he understands what John can’t say.
A spasm rocked through John and he turned and looked at Sherlock, eyes a bit too wide. “Where? What?” He squeezed his eyes shut. His tongue flicked out across his lips as he gathered himself.
John forced his face to keep from grinning. “If it were an actual experiment, shouldn’t we both go around kissing a bunch of different people? Ya know, validate results. Test the hypothesis.”
“Yes, a misunderstanding.” He squeezed harder. Sherlock squeezed back. For a moment, they engaged in a battle of wills, each refusing to back down and each refusing to stop crushing the other’s hand. Finally, Sherlock made a show of bumping against John to cover up him stepping on John’s foot. John covered his shout with a cough.
John did not bring the gun with him, sadly. Instead he brought his best jacket (an ugly brown affair) and his cleanest shirt. For all of Sherlock’s dreading of sitting down to dinner with no buffer between them, by the end of it he found himself wanting to linger over dessert. He had feared that John would give them away or perhaps even be standoffish. John was thorny, Sherlock was learning. He had a temper, but he was also capable of winning people over with a small smile. He was a mystery and Sherlock grew all the more infatuated with him.
“Yes, ma’am.” John stood and brushed the dirt from his knees. He didn’t mind the work, but it always left him wishing for a bath as soon as possible. “Need me to do the watering?”
“John would be cross with us. We are supposed to stay here,” he muttered to Knight. He watched the younger gargoyle’s face fall. “But I suppose if it is just to be a quick scouting mission, John will never be the wiser and Mary will be here.”
The sound of the first padlock dropping to the ground greeted his ears. “Obvious. I saw him walking the grounds last night after you went to bed. He hadn’t bothered to change out of his groundskeeper uniform.”
“Right. So.” John cleared his throat. “Right, so that was spot on. Not the bit about the leg.” He held up a finger when Sherlock’s mouth opened again to speak. “No talking. My turn. That was brilliant, in a way, and also absolutely terrifying. I have no idea how much of it you figured out or how long you’ve been doing this stalking business. So, you can just bugger off.” John quickly turned once more and walked away, not giving himself the chance to linger on the way Sherlock’s eyes looked in the weak winter sunlight or the way his face had fallen.
Suddenly feeling bereft, Sherlock alighted on his own chair. He started to pull his legs up but then thought better of it. He shifted. The leather squeaked under him. He shifted again.  “What changed your mind?”
“The others are out on patrol and one stayed behind.” Tremaine stood at rest, his hand casually laying on the hilt of his sword.
Other nights, the storm claimed him. It rolled in over his brow and clouded his thoughts. On those nights, James joined him. He was not jovial like his brother, nor did he have the hard edge that Mary did. He was the silence in the storm, the quiet before a clap of thunder. He wore potential like a cloak and his rage flashed sudden and bright as lightning, vanishing just as quickly. The humans feared him more than any other of John’s kind. There was nothing about him that looked human. His snout was permanently twisted in a growl and his bright eyes hid under the thick ridge of his forehead. A battle long ago left its tale on him, pitting and marring the skin on one side of his face and chest. Even in stone form, it was there, making him look like a weathered, ancient statue.
“Doubt that. Here, drink this.” John tugged at Sherlock’s wrist until Sherlock pulled his hands away from his face and pressed a half-drunk bottle of water into his hands. “Anyway, all those geniuses packed into one room. I’m sure you’ll figure something out. Christ, it’ll probably be you showing them all up and then your head will be even bigger than before. All those scientists and a consulting detective shows them up.” His laugh fluttered for a moment, weak and fragile, before dying in the space between them.
“I believe your mother has expressed concern about you spending so much time up here.” John stood and stretched, snapping his wings against the cold night air. He curled the talons on his feet against the stone of the castle, keeping his balance sure and strong.
John divides his life into segments, into periods of healing and destruction. Of before and after Sherlock, because Sherlock is both. He has left an undeniable mark on John, fractured him and mended him. Sherlock is a force of destruction that carves a path through everything he touches, devastating and changing. John places himself gladly in his path again and again, teeth bared and eager to be torn apart. There are days when he craves it so deep down in his bones, he aches.  A pressure builds in his chest, giving way to anger tinged with regret. Fists and moonlight chases aren’t enough. Grabbing Sherlock by the scruff of the neck and forcing him to his knees won’t even touch it on those deep dark days. His mind scrambles; anger and a deep terrified itch of anxiety mingle, threatening to drown him. He feels out of control and desperate. Trapped. Spinning uselessly.  Days like these, where he wants a fucking fight, he screams into the storm, bracing himself for the first blow.
John licks his lips and resists the urge to tell Sherlock to hurry up. Pinching and a few smacks aren’t enough. John wants to hurt for days and to feel every last bit of anger bleed right out of him. He keeps his thoughts to himself. It will only make things take even longer and right now John wants the pain. Still, Sherlock doesn’t bring the crop down right away; he slaps his hand over the already forming bruise on John’s thigh. Another smacks lands just below it. Another above. The next blow hits John unexpectedly hard on his testicles and John’s vision darkens at the edges. He attempts to curl inward, but the ropes refuse to give. He breathes through the pain. When he unclenches, Sherlock raises a brow at him. John nods.
“Mike Stamford? Mike ‘I went to Barts with and saw just the other day’ Stamford? Are you stalking him too?” John stood quickly from the table. “Bloody hell, you are a madman.” He quick-marched out of the shop and did his best to ignore Sherlock shadowing him. The door failed to slam properly behind him, denying John the satisfaction of nailing the weirdo behind him.
Sherlock tugged on his scarf, fingers nervous and twitching. “I had to be sure that you wouldn’t balk at my presence. I understand that what I did was rude and cruel. I never claimed to be otherwise, but I have found your absence to be...intolerable.”
Lestrade turned to Sherlock and mouthed the word 'partner', a mixture of disbelief and amusement warring on his face. Sherlock rolled his eyes and followed Fantomas towards the lift. Once the door closed, Fantomas spoke again.
John stood just on the threshold of the kitchen, shoulders straight, stance wide. He gave Sherlock a flat smile and rapped the tip of his cane on the floor. “Right then. What was that about a case?”
He was grateful for that connection now. The keys, warm from being in his pocket, felt a bit like Sherlock’s hand in his. It was a reassuring weight that even managed to bridge months of silence. He rubbed his thumb back and forth over the key, his feet now frozen to the stoop, not with cold, but with uncertainty. Did Sherlock even want to see him? John flinched at the words they had exchanged earlier.
Sherlock jerks, but stills his hands from tightening. He had forgotten Mary was here. How had he forgotten? She leans in closer, tickling Sherlock’s nose with the smell of her perfume mixing with smoke, and gently cradles John’s cheek.
“Oh really? So that wasn’t your concerned face?” Sherlock’s lip quivered. “Oh please, John, tell me you care for me. Tell me that our relationship hasn’t been all a lie.” Tears clung to his lashes.
She scrunched up her nose in distaste, then leaned in, voice dropping to a stage whisper. “Can’t say any of us were too sad to see him go. Half the staff was ready to celebrate when they heard he kicked the bucket. The other half was too busy pretending to be sad for Ms Simmons. She has rather terrible taste in men.”
“Yes. No.” James growled. “I do not understand it. I saw you over and over again, blood drenched and crying out. Sometimes they killed you on the spot. Other times they cut chunks from you while you still lived and I could not stop them.”
, the word had hissed between missing teeth. He supposed it was better than what the soldiers had taken to calling him.
A large chunk of stonework slammed into the roof of a police car, tearing metal and shattering glass. Lestrade pulled them both down for cover.
He couldn’t help but find them fascinating and John even more so. While some people feared the Gargoyles, muttering about curses and the power of the Devil, William saw something wondrous. The Devil didn’t create; he destroyed, and the Gargoyles were fiercely protective. They had already defended his people countless times. Despite John’s short temper, he always believed in preserving instead of destroying. He had the mark of God on him, not demon. He may not be made in the image of God, but he was more intelligent than most and there was a rough kindness about him that William had grown increasingly fond of.
Minutes pass before he glimpses at John again. A medic steps away and John makes a move to pull the mask off his face. Even from here, Sherlock can see the grimace John gives at the suggestion of going to hospital. He stands on shaking legs and leans against Mary. A police officer slips a card into Mary’s hand with promises to follow up. The pair of them make their way slowly to the street, John only successfully masking his exhaustion from those that don’t know him as Sherlock does. As Mary does. Sherlock follows. He’s flotsam, breaking up and drifting in John’s wake.
The paper tears as he opens to read up on the game of football he missed last night. He breathes hard through his nose, resisting the urge to kick over a chair. He can’t control any of it: not the pain in his ruined shoulder, not the bloody storm, or the anger beating away in his skull. He paces the flat: bedroom, kitchen, washroom, sitting room, bedroom, sitting room, kitchen, washroom. Up and down. He tries to remember the breathing exercises his therapist taught him. (
“Yep.” He grinned, surprised that such a simple question would incite such a reaction. Maybe he’d try asking what Sherlock’s favourite colour was next.
“Sherlock, please.” Sherlock was proud of the fact that he didn’t entirely sound like a toad mid-Shakespearean death scene.
He throws Sherlock toward the door and Sherlock stumbles. The door jam slams into his shoulder, but the pain of it is muted. He falls through the doorway and out into the hallway, scarcely catching himself from falling face first down the stairs. Behind him, John’s breath turns waterlogged.
“Of course. Apologies.” Sherlock carefully studied the spot in front of John’s shoes. When next he spoke, it came out in a rush. “John, I was wondering if perhaps--”
“Useful?” John shoved him up against a wall, not caring at the hurt that flashed across Sherlock’s face when his head impacted. Poison pounded in John’s veins. He pressed his arm against Sherlock’s throat. “You wanna know what it’s like? It’s eating the same shitty vegetables in a can every day. It’s wearing the same pair of ratty trainers until you are having to tape them to keep them in one piece. It’s being ten years old and worrying yourself sick about where the fuck you are going to live because your Dad just lost another job. It’s having your parents die on you and everything getting worse when you didn’t think that was even possible.” Sherlock stared at him with wide eyes, his fingernails digging crescent marks in John’s arm. John shook him off. He couldn’t breathe.
John’s eyes are glassy and vacant, staring lost in the space between where Sherlock and Mary are bent over him. His mouth works silently, puffs of air coming out in little wheezes. A harsh cough rips out of him, jerking his shoulders and head up off the ground, and is quickly followed by another. He paws uselessly at Sherlock, arms leaden and palms barely making contact. Mary acts before Sherlock can and slips her arm under John’s shoulders, pulling him upright. His head rolls and comes to rest against her shoulder. The coughing stops only long enough for him to shudder and bury his face in her neck before starting up again. He retches and leans away long enough to hack hard, dispelling a thick line of grey mucus from his lungs.
Of course, these thoughts would come later, when he was trying to hide the fact that he had just thought of John in military uniform. What immediately followed the treacherous food getting firmly lodged in his windpipe was:
Sherlock opened his mouth only to be told to shut up again. Another thing he was learning about John: he was much more demanding in person, which was considerably different from his flirtatious online demeanor. This new, demanding John brought to mind John in military garb, uniform crisp and boots shined just so. He briefly considered if there was a version of John that was both capable of flirting and giving orders. Sherlock stared down at his lap.
“Come, James. Dawn will be upon us in short order and I wish to report this to Tremaine.” He leapt and spread his wings, trusting that James would follow. There was enough time to make the captain of the guard aware of the issue, but it would be close. He snapped his wings, urging the wind to catch and carry him faster. He did not like to be gone this long from the castle. It made his skin itch.
Above him, Sherlock made a strangled sound. His hand fluttered across John’s scalp before landing on the back of his head. Not pulling, not insinuating, simply grounding John, but giving John exactly what he needed. John slowly loosened his hold and rubbed his hands over the marks he had made.  The first taste of Sherlock on his tongue hadn't been enough. He wrapped his hand around Sherlock’s cock, now full and heavy with want, and lapped his tongue across the head of it.
Tremaine lowered his voice. “I am hoping we can deal with this quietly. The King knows of the situation and has agreed that it would be best to not alarm anyone just yet. It may be nothing.” He lead them into the nearby treeline, following a small hunting path. If they continued this way, it would lead them to the coast, but he stepped off the path and guided them deeper into the trees. Soon the fires from the castle walls could no longer be seen.
“An experiment, then.” Sherlock gazed at him, hope lining the wrinkles just starting to form around his eyes.
Ahead of him, Sherlock tossed his coat carelessly onto the sofa and spun off towards the kitchen. Just over the din echoing in his ears, John heard Sherlock mutter about plates and utensils. John set the bag of food on the table. “I wasn’t sure if you still liked Pad Thai or not, so I got a bit of everything.”
John jerked awake with a gasp, then stilled. He balled his fists into the bed sheets and lifted himself up to look around the room.
John slowly came awake, stone giving way to flesh. His eyes scrapped closed for a moment, before snapping back open. The last streaks of orange disappeared beyond the horizon. He glanced up. Clouds blanketed the sky, blocking out the early stars and promising a cold and stormy night ahead. Spring came slowly to the land, weakly warming the ground during the day, but retreating scared as a lamb at night. Frost would soon sap what heat had gathered.
“Yes, but I am not holding their photo, am I? And it’s not like I didn’t know you were in the army. ”
“Because, surprisingly, the army generally likes to kit its soldiers out better than what you can grab at a Tesco.”
“Well, I suppose that is better than--” John cleared his throat and looked away. The space between them grew, yawning wide before Sherlock.
Moriarty had promised to burn the heart out of him, but water proves to be far more effective. He’s drowning on dry land, meters away from where John is trapped. Sherlock falls, hands planting into mud. It sucks him down; his lungs fill. Too slow, too late. Darkness rises up and—
John made a move to strangle Sherlock, then dropped his hands to his sides. He clenched his fists and thought of nice things: warm milk, puppies, a really nice arse, Sherlock’s really nice-- no. When he finally suppressed the urge to strangle or possibly do something entirely different  that certainly did not involve shutting Sherlock up in a variety of creative fashions, he smiled. It should go on record that Watsons have a particular smile. This smile, passed down from generation to generation, was known as the ‘I’m going to destroy you, but I will be polite while doing it’ smile. John was a master of it. “Sherlock, is there a case?”
Flights away from the castle became his only source of comfort. Each night, he ranged further and further out. Most nights he went alone. He preferred it that way. Alone his mind could wipe itself clean. He was nothing more than a pair of wings, beating harder and harder, until sweat drenched him. Those nights he’d return to the castle, feeling strangely light and empty. Mary greeted him back at their nest with fresh bites and licks, laying claim as she rode him hard, her thighs a tight brace around his own.
“Right. So, for the purpose of our experiment, no tongue. Just lips. I can put my hand on your leg. You can put your hands wherever you like. Should we set a timer?”
A cautious hand slid across the nape of John’s neck and pulled him close. His muscles slowly unwound as Sherlock traced his fingers along the back of John's neck. They stood breathing in each other’s space, frozen, and then Sherlock ducked his head down in order to meet his gaze. “No, John. You filled this space. In all the cracks and nooks and crevices, you marked it as your own and your absence has made the foundation all the weaker. And if that makes you a horrible person, then so am I, but I think we both know that by now.”
Soon, his eyelids drooped, tugged down by the weight of a long day. He dreamt of nothing concrete, simply the smell of cheap soap, freshly starched shirts, and sunlight warming skin until it was golden. It’s a calming dream, a steady one. He lingered in the dream, letting himself get lost in its warm cocoon, but when he finally woke, the room was still dark. John was no longer stretched out on the bed next to him. Instead, he was standing over Sherlock, back straight and head cocked.
“All right?” John’s voice has gone soft, a whisper tinged with laughter. He brushes a kiss against Sherlock’s eyebrow, over his eyelids, across his cheeks.
Perhaps because of the fear the humans had of him, James balanced it with gentleness. While Mary tended towards hate and loathing of them, James pitied the humans.
John slaps his hand down on the table and swipes clumsily at the plates between them. One of them crashes to the floor. He snaps his head in the direction of the crash, only for Sherlock to half-climb onto the table to drag his attention back to his willing mouth. The beer spills. The food smears across their clothes as they grapple on the table, fingers working frantically at buttons and zips. The table creaks under their weight as John bats Sherlock’s hands out of the way and finishes tugging his own shirt free. He throws it over his shoulder, careless of where it lands. Sherlock’s shirt soon follows.
. They use us for protection, but they do not love us. They can’t love. We are playthings to them. Remember this.”
“Searching for your mate, demon? Last I saw of her, she was being engulfed in flames, along with what remained of your eggs.” Tremaine appeared through the parting smoke, blade at the ready. Pain erupted in John’s shoulder as the blade found its home in his flesh. Tremaine placed his boot on John’s chest and jerked the blade free. John collapsed in a heap.
“Mum’s pregnant. Oh my god, did you all have sex out of wedlock?” Rosie puts on a fake show of shock and horror.
“Bit obvious, isn’t it? I mean, one husband is unfortunate. Two is a bit suspicious. Three is a pattern. She had to have been questioned or at least people have to be talking.”
“Addison. And I’ve only been in Ms Simmons’s employ for the past three years. But my gran worked here for a long time. She came on back when Ms Simmons was a little girl.” She puffed out her chest. “Longest employee to stick with the Simmons family. Gran made sure I got on the staff before she retired. She still helps out with things here and there, bit of gardening. Bit of cooking.”
Sherlock leaned back, his hip hitting the stone behind him. The rock teetered and gave away, and he stumbled back, arms pinwheeling for purchase. There was nothing but air. He felt himself tilt over the edge and then an arm shot out and closed around his wrist. The man pulled him to his chest, setting Sherlock’s feet once more on solid ground. Sherlock dug his fingers into the man’s arm as he tried to shake the feeling of the world tipping around him. Once sure that the ground was solid underneath him, Sherlock loosened his grip. The man kept a firm hold on him and stared up at his face in wonder.
No point in arguing when John was like this. The water sat stale against Sherlock’s tongue, but soothed his throat nonetheless. He had finished his own ration of water this morning and he wondered if this water was soothing because he needed it or if it was soothing because it was John’s, given without a second thought.
John slams his way through the flat. Cabinets snap close as he fixes his tea in the morning. Mugs slap down too hard on tabletops. Thunder booms suddenly, followed by the sharp flash of lightning. So close he can’t calculate the distance between flash and bang. They blend between the two into one explosion of light and sound. His shoulder screams into the ensuing silence. He tries to ignore it.
“And how do they determine what is right? No, I think the humans simply do the best they can.” He cleared his throat. “The prince is doing what he believes is right. He’s the heir to the throne and a lot rests upon his shoulders.”
After that it is easy to keep John tipping one way then the other, until he is tipping back, back, back onto the bed. He gives John no chance to breathe, no chance to think. He yanks hard on John’s trousers, stripping them off his legs, manhandling him into the position he wants John on the bed as he does so. Next come his pants. The waistband elastic tears as Sherlock mercilessly pulls them off his body. When John sits up to protest the treatment of his clothes, Sherlock grabs him by the throat with one hand and squeezes. Not enough to hurt, but enough to silence him. Air is harder to come by, slipping in small whispers into his lungs. John’s cock twitches in his pants. Sherlock tightens his grip and pushes John back down onto the bed. His weight insures that what little air John could take in is cut off. He holds him there for a beat, fingers flexing on either side of John’s throat.
“Oh yeah, because I love smelling like dog piss.” John had been covered in all sorts of filth; years of serving as a military doctor had all but ground out his disgust of bodily fluids. Human bodily fluids. If he wanted to get up close and personal with a dog’s nether regions, he would have gone to veterinary school.
Sherlock studied the wrinkles around John’s mouth, the dip of his cheeks from too many skipped meals, meals given over to Sherlock to keep his mind sharp, to keep him going. This was yet another thing they never talked about. Sherlock had taught John how to dance well and now their days were spent dancing around each other and a thousand missed conversations. “And now?"
He boxes up the last of his things, kisses Mrs. Hudson on the cheek, and deletes John from his phone. Their last exchange, now over a year ago, rings with a finality that aches just as bad as his joints, but he has come to live with that ache, too. Time to close that glorious (horrible), beautiful (destructive) chapter of his life.
The second call squawked over the radio just as Lestrade was finishing his cigarette: shots fired, same address.
“Wait. That’s not necessary; I can manage on my--.” The bellhop scurried away with his bags before John could attempt to snatch them back. John bristled. He didn’t need help and he certainly didn’t like someone he didn’t know touching his things. Hopefully they wouldn’t try to put anything away.
“Right. Think that’s enough practice,” John said, soothing the sudden rough edge of his voice. He fixed his jacket, then knelt down to pick up his cane.
“I thank you each for coming to this feast. My son, William, has finally come of age, and this deserves cheer and celebration. The Lord has blessed us with his continued improving health.” Several people nodded and politely clapped their hands. Before he could continue, the doors to the hall opened with a loud creak.
“Still true, though.” John smiled. “Then there is touching.” John leaned a bit into Sherlock’s space. “Personal bubbles don’t exist as much. Lots of casual touches. Watch a happy couple some time. They’re aware of each other, even when they aren’t sitting next to each other.” John let go of Sherlock’s hand, letting his fingers linger for a moment on Sherlock’s sleeve, then placed his hand on Sherlock’s lower back and rubbed a neat, tight, firm circle there with just a thumb. Sherlock’s tongue attempted to escape down his throat, which was entirely unfair as John’s tongue seemed to be just fine.
Sherlock straightened his scarf and looked away. An awkward silence fell between them. “It’s good. Seeing you. That is.” He cleared his throat. John had always hated when Sherlock played at pleasantries, and being on the receiving end of it was all the worse. It had never suited him. Sherlock wasn’t made for pleasantries.
“Oh Jesus. Oh Christ. Fuck.” John stumbles backward and slams into the fridge behind him. A jar teeters dangerously on the top and crashes to the floor; the glass shatters like a gunshot. John flinches and drops to the ground like a puppet cut free of its strings.
“Blast.” Tremaine tugged a scroll out of the pouch on his belt. “We’ve just received word of a force to the east. It doesn’t sound particularly large, but if we could get a better idea of what we might be dealing with, it would be great help.”
“Why wouldn’t she be here? It’s her anniversary.” Sherlock turned his nose up, giving John the distinct impression that he was being judged for not knowing such a simple fact.
Mary presses her lips against John’s hair. Sherlock can feel her eyes on his face, studying, judging. She hums quietly in acknowledgement. Sherlock breaks up under her gaze, thawing and disintegrating. He watches her, sees the moment when she holds up the shards of him and knows.
John shook off the unwanted thoughts and scooped up his laptop. If Sherlock could do a bit of snooping, then John could too. It was only fair. It didn’t take long for him to find what he was looking for; after all Sherlock Holmes was an odd name. A quick scroll and John found himself falling further down the rabbit hole. Sherlock’s life was something out of pulp fiction. His website was dull (surprising given how over-the-top he had been in person), but there were a lot of interesting comments on his various articles. Stolen paintings, kidnappings, lost loves-- ninjas? Good lord, what kind of life did this man lead? In the right circles, Sherlock seemed to have made quite the name for himself, and yet there was barely any mention of him at all in the papers. If he was as good at solving cases as these people boasted, there was almost no evidence of it.
Two months before John’s twenty-seventh birthday, two bullets nearly claimed his life. Instead, they claimed his military career. All he could think of on the flight back to London was that Sherlock had been right.
Sherlock was learning many new things about John. For example, he was actually a very good doctor and handled pressure well.
“I could serve as a lookout as well and any cans I find until the next time we meet, I will set aside for you.”
“I was looking for my dog. Obviously, she isn’t up here.” Simmons eyed John for a moment and then smiled. “If you happen to see her, ring the help, would you? I hope you two have a lovely stay.” With one last glance, she disappeared back down the stairs.
“You should get back inside, your Highness. You have a party to attend.” John clutched the title to his chest, his only weapon against a man who had disarmed him.
The stranger spoke to him, though little of it made sense. John recognized his name and little more. The man gestured behind him and the guards flanking him stepped back. He slowly moved forward, hands raised. The closer he came, the louder John growled. Finally, he stopped and reached into his pocket. John tensed, even after seeing that the man was only reaching for a necklace. He dangled it from his fingers, then lobbed it as John’s feet.
By the end of the dinner, Sherlock barely could keep his feet still. He couldn’t understand all the niceties, all the subtle ways people got to know each other. He could read people, of course he could, but he had never figured out how to get people to like him. Criminals were far easier to dupe. Give him a few seconds and he could convince nearly anyone of a story. John had even bought the fake tears earlier before he had dropped the act. But actually conversing with someone as himself? Impossible. No one could keep up with him and few tried.
“Not a joke and please stop assuming I am a serial killer or whatever it is your brain has cooked up.” Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Honestly, I arranged this meeting in a public place. If I wanted to murder you, I certainly wouldn’t have picked a coffee shop. Dull. No, I sent you the invite because you seemed the best fit for what I need.”
“Right. Well.” John stared at her hand. Good lord, she didn’t waste any time. Shouldn’t Sherlock be jumping in? He darted a glance at him. Sherlock was paying attention, but he seemed more interested in the dog than the fact that Ms Simmons was laying her charm on a bit thick. “Sherlock and I need to get going. We have a few errands to run, don’t we?”
John grits the fabric between his teeth, swallowing on a need to bellow. His entire being is focused down between his legs-- the unforgiving rubber of the dildo keeping him wide open, the burn of bruises and abused muscles, the nearly painful throb of his cock desperate for release.
John moved away from the door, not bothering to see if Sherlock followed. He sat down hard on his bed and rubbed at his thigh. “What do you want?”
“I may have thrown him out in a fit of rage.” He winces at the memory of throwing a vase of flowers at a wall and of Harry quickly ushering Sherlock out of the room.
Sherlock pulls him down on top of him. For all the cold exterior he presents to the world, Sherlock’s skin is hot under his wandering touch. The alabaster of his skin turns pink under John’s hands, and John's mouth waters. He follows the trail of his fingers with his lips and Sherlock bucks up against him. Pressed up against each other like this, John can feel the hard line of Sherlock’s cock in his trousers and something primal roars in him. He did this. He made untouchable Sherlock squirm and thrust against him. The headiness of it makes his head swim.
--Ms Simmons. John barely bit back a groan. The woman was going to think they were a pair of nymphomaniacs, which Sherlock didn’t seem to care about because he was currently smiling widely. He probably thought it was hilarious.
“Yes, I heard you. I chose to ignore you because you are an idiot.” Sherlock bent down to examine the cat, leaving his back entirely unprotected from the two boys.
“Ah. Well, I am currently on a case and I need a cover story. It would have been easier to pick someone I already know, but the list was quite short. Stamford mentioned that you were alone in London and in need of a place to stay as well as more cash than what your army pension provides.”
“I’ve been back for three.” Three months of aimless limping around London, of steadfastly not talking to his psychiatrist, of going through the motions sat heavy on his shoulders.
He kicks the door closed behind them. John is boneless and pliant against him and tips far too easily onto the bed. Sherlock catches him and helps him slip out of his jacket, then hesitates at the buttons on his shirt.
John raised an eyebrow. “Right because ducking into our room until she was gone would have been too much trouble.” To illustrate, John pushed the door open next to him and gestured.
“I believe hard work deserves payment, young man, and you will take this money.” She pressed the crumpled note into his hand and held it there until John nodded and closed his hand around it.
“Did you think I’d be happy to see you? That you would just show up and act as if nothing has changed? Everything has changed. Everything.”
To his left he heard a shout. One of the invaders raised a small metal object then threw it. A bright light flashed followed by a puff of grey smoke that quickly spread. More sorcery. John coughed and whipped hastily at his nose, then charged into the smoke. He tracked the sound of the man who had thrown it, listening for his footsteps. A shape appeared through the haze and John tackled it. He punched the man hard enough to crack his helmet then moved onto the next figure.
He doesn’t have time to examine the feeling. He jerks to attention as he hears keys fumbling at the doorknob. He should have thought this out, planned better than this, not stupidly stumbled into John’s flat unannounced, unasked for. Too late now.
He didn’t go out for a few days. Instead, he lingered like a ghost in the hallways of the home, darting away from the other boys. Mr. Carter, the man in charge of the home, hated idleness and quickly enlisted him in cleaning the toilets, dusting the windowsills, and sweeping the floors. When he finished one thing, he asked for another chore, not daring to pause in between activities or else he would think of the bruise he’d probably left on Sherlock’s throat.
The fight leaves John in a great whoosh. His shoulders drop and the red tinge of rage fades from his cheeks, only to be replaced by a grey fatigue. “Yeah, and who asked you to do that? Because it wasn’t me. I didn’t ask for this.”
“Sherlock was-- is impossible. Bit like trying to bottle lightning. Brilliant, but terrifying.” He shakes his head, even as his mouth turns into a fond grin.
“Dull. I’ll meet you back here on Friday. Ten o’clock should do it. Fewer people around to see what we are up to. Most of them will be at work by then.” He was gone before John could tell him he wasn’t interested.
He pretended that the rest of the summer would be easy. He had just turned fifteen. He could last one more year, finish up school, and then he would be truly on his own. He didn’t know what he would do then, but it wouldn’t be curling up on a small cot in the corner of a room he shared with four other boys. He had to save every last coin he made and he hid them in a sock under his thin mattress. When he wasn’t doing chores around the home, he did odd jobs. Those were few and far between, and not because there wasn’t work to do. There just wasn’t work for someone like him. He tried to ignore the looks people gave him, but he knew that there was a giant mark on him that said ‘damaged.’ No one wanted one of the boys from the home mowing their lawn or pulling their weeds. They were all thieves, hadn’t you heard? And violent. Sometimes John wondered if people put a little trust in them then maybe things would be different. Mostly he just tried to keep his head down and shrug off the constant background shame that came with being poor and unwanted.
He pulled away with a gasp. He had always heard the cliche in those god awful romance novels his mother had read of ‘tongues fighting for dominance’, but damned if he wasn’t eager to show Sherlock exactly who was in charge. He refused to be tricked again. If Sherlock was so eager to play, then John wasn’t going to be just a piece in his game anymore. He was going to be an active player.
Sherlock’s hand stops and John gasps, gulping down air. His cock and testicles ache with the need to come, but without Sherlock’s help, he can’t. He won’t beg. Not yet.
John wiped the sweat from his forehead and sat back on his heels. Mrs. Lancaster’s garden had seen better days. Ever since the stroke, she couldn’t tend it like she used to, and her husband insisted that he had a black thumb. John wasn’t particularly sure he had a green thumb, but he at least knew how to pull weeds and dig holes. Anything else Mrs. Lancaster was sure to direct with a sharp word. Sherlock eyed the pile of weeds with a gleam that John had come to learn meant that Sherlock had an idea. He just hoped it didn’t involve fire this time.
When Sherlock pulls out several lengths of cord, John’s shivers give over into something else entirely. His body shudders in anticipation as Sherlock ties one wrist to the headboard and then the other. It’s tight, but John flexes his fingers. His shoulder protests the abuse, but then it always does. Sherlock digs a thumb into a spasming muscle and John groans. Sherlock shifts the pressure, working the angry muscles there until they stop their relentless jumping. It’s not what John wants, this unexpected tenderness, but Sherlock is always thorough. John buries his face in his other arm, willing the tears building in the corners of his eyes into submission.
Tentatively, Sherlock brought his arms up and looped them around John. So many new sensations to file away. John’s body ran hotter than Sherlock’s and his legs were hairier and rubbed pleasantly against Sherlock’s own. It was a pity that John wore a shirt to bed. So much of his skin was still hid away from Sherlock’s gaze. He had barely glimpsed a flash of skin when John had stretchd before heading to bed and in that flash, he noted that John had a trail of dark blonde hair that led from his navel down past the edge of his pants. Sherlock forced down a shiver. Tentatively, he pulled John closer and closer still. John acknowledged the shift with a slightly louder snore. His breath warmed the patch of Sherlock’s skin that John had claimed as his pillow. Was this what it was like to actually sleep with someone? Sherlock would gladly take being woken in the middle of the night by elbows being thrust into his ribs or a little snoring if it also meant John would allow him to be this close.
Sherlock’s frowned and quickly shook his head, curls flopping forward to obscure his face. “No. Why would I?”
“Stop blocking the bloody aisle!” A red faced man shoved his way past Sherlock and insinuated himself in between the two of them.
John ignores his texts (deserved, he admits, with a shame that drags at his shoulders). He sends them anyway and hopes for even a crumb of John’s attention. He hates himself for his weakness. But Baker Street is far too empty, his bed is cold and unforgiving, and every meal tastes like ash in his mouth.
Fists still clenched at his sides, John drifts just out of his reach. They stare at one another, finally seeing each other for what they are, what they have become. Sherlock breaks his gaze first. After all, this is Sherlock’s penance and John’s retribution.
“Oh, goodness! Apologies, gentlemen.” She cleared her throat pointedly and Sherlock finally pulled back and grinned shyly at her.
A heart cannot feel like a tonne of lead in his chest. Logic dictates that his heart is still a fleshy mass and not the lump of metal it feels like. Alchemy cannot touch it, cannot change one state into another. A heart is muscle and no amount ignoring, exercising, or removal will change the base state of it. Eleven ounces. Three hundred eleven grams.
“In a sense, there is no such thing as healing. From paper cuts to surgical scars, our bodies are catalogues of wounds:
The boy hummed in interest and leaned over the bin for a look. “I wouldn’t bother with Scarberry’s bins. Unlikely for them to have anything you could actually use. He’s a dentist. Doesn’t believe in sugar. Might I recommend three houses down? Family full of absolutely terrible children. Probably ripe for the picking.”
“If anyone around here is a giant, it’s me. Trust the humans to get even that wrong. The prince should have called you David, wee little thing that you are.”
Sherlock twists the girth of the dildo on the next slide in, driving into John’s prostate, as he gives John’s cock a hard pull. Sherlock holds him down as John bucks.
“Wait, wait. Jesus. Okay.” John tugged his shirt off, leaving him in just his vest. Last thing they needed was for one of them to get bitten by an angry cat. He slid a hand under the cat’s chest, freezing momentarily when it growled. He was going to get rabies because of Sherlock. Wouldn’t that be a fun experiment? Quick as he could, he wrapped it in his shirt. It kept up its low-level growl, but didn’t struggle as he picked it up. “Fine. I’ve got it. Now can we go?”
Sherlock stiffened. “I was providing a distraction so she wouldn’t notice you shouting about a murder.”
John risked a glance around. Familiar stonework, now far more weathered than he remembered it, surrounded him, but beyond that he recognized nothing. The castle no longer stood on green grass, backed by rolling hills and forest. Towers rose all around him, structures far higher and greater than he had ever seen before. Clouds filled the sky above them, heavy and dark with rain, and seemingly just within his reach. The tower where he once slept disappeared into the darkness; its structure obscured by fog.
John pulled his mobile out of his pocket and tossed it back and forth from hand to hand. He hadn’t found much use for the thing, but Mike had said to give him a call if John needed anything. His stomach rumbled. It couldn’t hurt to grab a quick bite with him, maybe grill him a bit on what he had told Sherlock. He thumbed through his contacts (ridiculously short) and hit the correct number.
“Ah. I see the army did little to help with the temper.” Sherlock looked down at him, aloof and cool. It made John want to box his ears.
He knows everything Sherlock would give him, if he asked. But he can’t, not anymore; John has already asked for too much.
John pulled Sherlock closer, one hand falling to his hip and another fisting the back of his coat, fixing him snugly in place against John’s chest. His cane fell to the ground, momentarily forgotten. What he lacked in height on Sherlock, he (more than) made up for in skill.
Sherlock looks up at him, eyes gentle. “Yes, well… I suppose it is fair to say I have loved you for equally as long.”
Thank you to everyone sticking with the fic, even though it has been a bit between updates. As always, please feel free to come give me a poke over on Tumblr at UrbanHymnal.
Obviously John wouldn’t appreciate a hug and he certainly didn’t seem the type to want to talk about it. So, John needed a distraction. It would need to be something that would balance the scales, something that left John feeling less vulnerable. Ah, of course. Simple enough. He would confide in John and all would be well again. Sherlock’s mind skipped over possibilities. He fumbled for a moment then steeled himself. “You are the first person I have kissed.”
Even as he cursed himself, he showed up exactly when the boy told him to, half expecting to be stood up or jumped. But no, there he was: well-pressed shorts and clean dress shirt and turned up nose like he was trying to pretend like he hadn’t been eagerly waiting for John. He thrust a bag of cans into John’s hands as soon as he saw him.
“John.” Sherlock’s mouth hung open for a moment longer, then shut with a snap. With a quick jerk, he shrugged his coat up onto his shoulders and popped the collar.
“I weighed the odds of you hitting me versus you being intrigued by the offer and from what I knew of you, the likelihood of hitting me was slim.” Sherlock glanced down at John’s curled fist. “Though I may have miscalculated.”
Sherlock, the giant fucking prick that he is, pushes the dildo just past the flared knot and stops sucking his cock.
Sherlock shook his head. “Nothing. Nothing. It was good to see you.” With that, he turned on his heel and marched quickly away from John. Soon he disappeared into the crowd.
and John Watson was not posh. How did Sherlock afford a place like this? Come to think of it, he didn’t even know who was paying Sherlock to investigate this case.
“Oh, right.” John held up the bag in his hand, nearly forgotten until just now. “I thought. Well, it being Christmas. I didn’t know-- Stupid, of course. Should have known you’d have something on.” He cleared his throat and rubbed the back of his neck. Should he have called? No, Sherlock hated to talk on the phone. Or at least he had. John’s gut tightened at the thought that he didn’t even know if that little fact was still true about Sherlock.
She turned a corner and stopped short. Two soldiers stood over her nest, hammers held high. At their feet lay the shattered remains of the eggs, the hatchlings dashed open the rocks. One of them swung a hammer at her head.
“Simmons is accustomed to a certain life-style. Her family used to own a great deal of land before they fell on hard times. She married late in life as she had no interest in children. Since then, every man she has married has been wealthy and has left everything to her upon their death. Yes, I think it was something else.” Sherlock grinned.
The coffee sloshed onto his hand. John hissed. “Shit.” Before he could reach for them, the man handed him a wad of napkins. John had half of a mind to dump the remainder in this arsehole’s lap. He dabbed at his skin and tried to clean up the mess on the cuff of his shirt. “All right, fine. You obviously know who I am. So who the bloody hell are you?”
The streetlamp finally gave up its long fought battle. In its last moments, all that could be seen was the flurry of grey outlining the skeleton of London. True darkness fell across the street and spilled into their flat.
“Fly!” He launched himself at the soldier. Claws bit into flesh and with a satisfying rip, the soldier’s guts were exposed to the air. He turned, not bothering to waste any more time on the soldier, and howled. If he made himself a large enough target, it may give Knight time to get back to the castle. Before he could attack Tremaine, he tasted magic in the air. It burned his nose and made his flesh ripple in pain. Nearby, he heard Knight scream, then silence. He knew this feeling. It was like when the sun touched them, just as they turned to stone, but something was wrong. Dawn was still hours away and it never hurt like this. Even as he thought this, his joints locked up and he fell to the ground.
William flinched. He raised one hand in supplication, mud clinging to his fingers. “John.” A prayer. An offering.
Sherlock’s cock, already half-hard, fit perfectly in John’s hand. It was familiar yet unfamiliar, gorgeous in way that he had forgotten. John stroked him fast. There was no time for lingering, he needed to see Sherlock spent and undone under his hands. Too much time wasted unraveled between them. He dropped to his knees and pressed his face into Sherlock’s groin, panting and shaking with need.
“I would have followed you, you know. If you had asked. If you had just asked me, I would have gone anywhere you needed.”
He sobs then, broken and empty, and grieves for a love that never mattered, for a life that never mattered.
“Fuck, yes. Oh fuck. Please, please.” At this point, John was no longer sure which one of them was begging for more, though his own skin sang with the need to touch every part of Sherlock and to soak up his scent.
Sherlock failed to resist the siren song of the bed for long and, with careful movements as to not wake John, he settled on the mattress close enough to feel the heat of John’s skin, but not touching. It’s strange, he thought. He’d never been one for simply staying in bed. He’d rather be up and doing things, but the quiet puff of John’s breath and the way his face relaxed in sleep was hypnotic. He allowed himself the luxury of tracing John’s wrinkles with his eyes. Perhaps it was inappropriate to stare; John would be irritated by the invasion of his privacy, surely, but Sherlock had never been one for appropriateness.
“Soldier, why is there a giraffe in the operating room?” John’s voice was thick with sleep, but still managed to come out military-sharp.
The cigarette lights easily, despite the way his hands throb and shake slightly now that he takes the time to notice the burns on them. He shakes his head and walks away. The light from the doorway guides his steps until he turns the corner. The walk back to the flat will do him good, will give him time to gain distance, perspective.
“Yeah, well, we needed the security. Daniel might be a bit off, but he watches out for us girls. Especially when it came to Mr Humphrey. The bastard.” She blushed and cleared her throat. “May he rest in peace, of course.”
Sherlock frowned and shook his head after a moment of contemplation. “No, that sounds messy. And dull.”
One of them had to go first and John had never considered himself a coward. He cleared his throat and spoke to the table. “Last time?”
John scrubbed his face with his hand. “Why on earth would you think that that is an acceptable way of asking someone out?”
““How could-- why-- you ruined me. You ruined me the day you died. You took my life with you. You fucking let me think you were dead. What could you possibly say that would change that?” Rage bleeds into John’s words, shock giving away to the need to fight.
Another boy found him just like that: John up to his elbows in someone else’s rubbish, small plastic bags of cans sitting stuffed next to his feet.
John gestured to his wet shoe. “Yeah, I can see that. She just really leaves her mark on you, doesn’t she? Won’t be forgetting her any time soon.”
John clears his throat and blinks slowly at him. “I can manage. If you don’t mind getting my shoes. Pretty sure I’d fall over if I tried.” He makes at a smile. One cheeks jerks before he aborts the motion and licks his lips. “Christ, I could use a shower.”
Time turned to molasses. In the long hours before dawn, Sherlock lost himself in the feel of John in his arms. Once he settled down, John slept soundly. He stayed in one spot and made only a few noises over the course of several hours. Just as dawn painted the walls of their room in pale gold, John stiffened. His breathing sped up and sweat broke out along his nape, where Sherlock’s hand gently cradled his head. Even in what Sherlock quickly deduced was the beginnings of a nightmare, John remained silent. Sherlock quickly removed his hands, as he knew John would not take kindly to being touched.
Sherlock spun them around and pressed John hard against the wall. John’s head was only saved from impact by Sherlock cradling it. Once again, John was reminded of Sherlock’s ridiculously large hands and with Sherlock pressed this close, John felt small. It wasn’t a bad feeling, more like Sherlock was keeping him grounded, keeping him tethered. It felt… well, it felt safe, which was an odd sensation when someone is busy trying to devour your tongue.
Bees buzzed under Sherlock’s skin. Mindful of his limbs, he leaned forward so John no longer had to stand on his tip toes. John’s fingers snaked into his hair, pressing Sherlock closer to him. He nipped at Sherlock’s bottom lip then drew back. Sherlock’s eyes snapped open. When had they closed?
“Steady. You’ll solve it.” John has only known Sherlock for a handful of months, but he is starting to figure him out. He has seen Sherlock manic, Sherlock depressed, Sherlock raging, and Sherlock cruel. But this is something new, a new piece that John turns over in his head, trying to place where it fits within the puzzle of Sherlock. There is a desperation biting at his heels and a tension to his shoulders that screams uncertainty. “Let’s go back to the flat. You haven’t slept in two days and I know you like to think you go without eating but you're just as human as the rest of us.”
John bit his lip. He never felt right taking money from her. She reminded him a bit too much of his gran, though he had only known her through pictures and the occasional story. Plus he knew that they could use the money; he had seen the way the house needed a new coat of paint and how the eaves were beginning to sag. He opened his mouth to protest only to shut it with a snap when she fixed him with a stern glare.
Luckily for him, John was just as much of an arsehole. Oh, he hid it under bland jumpers, pleasantries, and an easy, lazy smile, but John didn’t have friends. He kept the world at a distance and bared his teeth at anyone who tried to get too close. A childhood of abuse and neglect left its mark on John. (He had never acknowledged it, but he had deduced this about John just as easily as he had his military career.) John guarded his vulnerability in much the same way Sherlock did. Both of them had armor to protect their soft bellies from the sharp daggers of the world.
Sherlock tugged on his arm and John stuttered out a thanks and a promise to be back later as they headed out the back gate. The money felt heavy in his pocket. Maybe when he came back on Thursday he could slip it back into her purse? No, he wouldn’t want to risk being accused of stealing.
John shrugged. “Feels nice.” Or at least he was fairly certain it was supposed to. He kept the secret that he had never kissed another person locked inside his chest.
John froze. In that moment, he had never looked more monstrous, features twisted in rage and damaged pride. He flashed his fangs and his eyes glowed white in the darkened hall. “Apologies, your Majesty, I came only to wish the Prince good tidings on his birthday.”
“Either keep going or untie me. If I wanted an easy fuck, I’d go find someone to pick up.” They both know he doesn’t mean it. John hasn’t attempted to pull since they started whatever this is, but it gets the reaction he wants anyway. After all these years, they each know what buttons to push and how to cut deep.
While he is lost, walking the same path over and over as looks for signs of life, the police arrive and spread out. He spares them a brief glance. Sherlock doesn’t know them. Not surprising; he knows so little of London these days. He is a ghost, a memory of days past, in a city that has moved on. He answers questions asked of him in short perfunctory responses, never removing his eyes from the huddle of emergency personnel gathered around John. He tamps down the fear that washes up and breaks along his spine.
“My god, you really bought that.” Sherlock grinned. “Amazing. One little tear and you go from wanting to throttle me to wanting to hug me.”
He had just returned from another frustrating night of picking at his food at the local pub and trying to figure out how the hell you talked to civilians, when someone knocked on his door. In the time he had been back in London, no one had visited him. It obviously had to be someone lost. He snatched up his cane and shuffled to the door, shouting at the person to hold on when they knocked again.
“Yeah, well, don’t try to break my hand this time.” John gave his hand a soft squeeze. “And there is how people look at each other. Like that person is the only person in the room.”
“John, I would like to say that--That is. I think. You need to understand that. What I said.” He growled and slammed his hand on the table. “This is ridiculous. You know I didn’t mean to upset you.”
“Yeah, well I am also the one of us seeing a therapist.” Now that he had started, the giggling was only getting worse. “So, there really is a murderer on the loose?”
Sherlock kneels and tugs at his shoelaces, slipping first one boot off then the other. “Unwise, I should think.” His fingers easily slip under the edge of John’s sock and tugs it free from his foot. The arch of John’s foot is warm against his palm. He drops it as if scalded. Above him, John struggles with the sleeves of his shirt. With a huff he rips it off and tosses it carelessly in the corner. His hair sticks up in the back. Sherlock’s fingers twitch.
“Yes, films. We have watched several while you were sleeping.” His brother--Murray-- grinned wide and proud.
“No, I’m really not. Look, if you could shove off, I am waiting on someone.” The paper coffee cup in his hand wobbled. He sucked in his cheeks and fought the urge to still the tremor with his off hand. It wouldn’t do any good.
John dove one hand into Sherlock hair. He had longed for the feel of it; the way Sherlock's curls, stiffened by product, would slowly relax under John's fingers until they entwined. His other hand landed on Sherlock’s hip and squeezed, pulling him closer and closer still. With staggering steps, John pulled them both back towards the living room, before spinning around and slamming Sherlock into the wall. He yanked on Sherlock’s belt and pulled it loose, roughly shoving his trousers and pants out of the way.
“Do you think they will ever look at us and not see demons?” John frowned, his stomach and chest now hollowed out, emptiness replacing joy.
Even after all this time, he still carried the keys to 221b in his pocket. Before Sherlock had come back, he had kept them as a talisman, something to cling to on those days when he missed Sherlock so much it felt like his chest was nothing more than a deep abscess, a wound that never healed, but festered. Once things had settled after Sherlock’s return, John had tried to give them back. Sherlock had ignored his attempts, even going so far as to mail them back or slip them through the mail-slot on his door. No words were exchanged, just the quiet reminder that John still had a connection to 221b.
John’s hips leave the bed; his heels dig into the mattress. Sherlock rewards him with a hard pinch on the inside of the thigh, gathering up a bit of fat there between his thumb and index finger. There is nothing teasing about this; no, this is meant to leave a mark.
Satisfied, Sherlock unbuttons John’s shirt, gladly sacrificing buttons in the need to get John undressed. The cold air of the bedroom cause John’s nipples to pebble and the hair on his arms to raise. He shivers.
Perhaps he should have thought the whole kissing Sherlock thing through, but there had been something about the way Sherlock had looked so flustered, cheeks slowly tinging with pink, as he floundered to find a way to break the silence between them. It made him want to mess up Sherlock’s carefully styled hair and wrinkle his freshly pressed shirt. A lion in his chest roared at the thought of Sherlock’s lips swollen and red from kissing and John being the one who had done it. John wasn’t an idiot. He knew that Sherlock was good looking, hell, downright beautiful, but he was also infuriating. That little bit of John, the part that used to love to egg his friends on and never backed down from a challenge, thought
), never barked at him to be quiet. He had even let William touch his feet, which were fascinating. John’s legs were built more like a dog’s than a human’s. Made of powerful muscle and tipped in sharp claws, John always looked as if he was about to launch into flight, his large, bat-like wings dwarfing his compact body.
Given the right conditions, a heart can continue to beat after being removed from a body. Sherlock’s has been ripped from him, leaving a yawning cavern under his ribs. He can hear it: a waterlogged thump deep underground, slowly dying.
Sherlock pries his eyes open. John smiles at him, small but hopeful. His eyelashes are still matted from sleep and a crease from his pillow mars his cheek. A bit of dried drool crusts his chin.
The moment Sherlock died, a wall gave way in John’s chest, and with it, the carefully constructed facade he had presented to the world. He wasn’t a brave man; he was a coward, running from every relationship that hinted at intimacy. He hid behind a clenched jaw, a tight fist, and a stoic sensibility that bottled emotion and buried it deep. But Sherlock had wormed his way past all of that, dug deep into the earth that made John, and planted a seed of something greater than John’s need to fight. With him gone, John no longer had the strength to play at being a solider. Sherlock had ruined him.
“Don’t. Just. Don’t.” He slapped his hands on the table and stood. “Just sit there and drink your water.”
“Yes. Fine. Thank you,” Sherlock bites the words off, a bark to keep others away. Gawkers. Usually so useful because they tend to see things in all their nosing about and are just as happy to pass along every bit of information to anyone who bothers to ask. He should move away from John and talk to them; someone had to have seen something, someone may still be watching them, someone might still want to hurt John, but he cannot move from where he is kneeling on the cold, muddy ground. The thought of talking to anyone other than John turns his stomach hollow.
“Well, when my parents insisted on a celebration of some kind, I thought it might be nice to have a distraction available. Lucky for me their original plans fell through.” Sherlock glanced down at John’s fingers where they were still tangled in his own.
John staggered to his feet. Blood poured from his wound; his vision wavered. Mary dead and Tremaine, a man he once thought of as loyal and steadfast, taunting him? The world had tipped on its head and John was left staggering under the betrayal.
“Shall we continue our lessons?” The prince ducked his head out of the window and smiled up at him. Even in the shadow, the young prince’s eyes sparkled, two beautiful cut gems, blue and perfect. John had heard the servants once speak of the prince’s eyes: endless, they had said, clear as a spring day after the rain. They looked like no sky John knew, loathe he was to admit it, but in certain light, the prince’s eyes glinted like moonlight.
Ahead they could see emergency lights reflecting off the expensive front of buildings that lined Kensington. It looked like damn near every copper in the city was there, along with every search and rescue team. The street had been blocked off, but people still lingered nearby, eager to see what all the fuss was about. A few tired officers steered them away from the glass front apartment building, a modern monstrosity now billowing smoke from its top floor.
