"It's official then, isn't it?" Bucky asks, and Tony doesn't know if he hears relief or suspicion in his tone. It sounds more like resignation, and it makes him feel a little worse.
"Did you... Tony, did you get hurt?" Steve asks, worried and a little angry as he follows after Tony.
"So," Tony picks up when they finish their sandwiches, and both of their hands are just stretched out on the table in the space between them. It would be so easy to just reach out and tangle his fingers with Steve's, but the thought of it makes him feel nervous, "You've been in my private space twice now. I think I have the right to ask; what do you like to do, besides following geniuses across the country and shaming full grown adults into doing your bidding by just
Rhodey grumbles under his breath, then pushes the plates away from them to instead bring a piece of paper out of his pocket and unfold it onto the surface of the counter.
It's the first pack he's stumbled across in which Alphas and Betas mingle so freely; and while their personalities are varied, the love and loyalty they have for Steve makes Tony's heart flutter. It makes the situation that much more daunting, and Tony knows he's got no way around it on his own.
Yeah, the original plan was just to stay for a night, but was it really appropriate of him to ask them to continue trailing after him like they had been? They've been following him for years, after all, and in two small cars. One night wasn't nearly enough time for them to stretch their legs out, was it?
"Already working on it, sir." JARVIS answers, and his tone is a little exasperated like he can't understand why Tony is asking. Sometimes he wonders where his AI had learned his personality from.
"Who did you think was Iron Man?" Tony can't help but ask, and he silently calls for the armor to disassemble. It's in one piece, but still has a few dents that need to be worked out for him to wear it comfortably.
"Then you go and we'll stay here." Natasha retorts, but there's no confidence in her tone and she knows it.
His gaze darts between them again, settling on Scott who doesn't speak much to him, then moving to Bucky who had his shoulders hunched like he's trying to make himself seem smaller and unassuming, and then he turns to Steve.
Steve stares at him quietly for a moment, then crosses the space between them and cups Tony's face in his hands. Tony feels his breath catch, and he can't turn away when those blue eyes focus on him. Steve bends forward just slightly, brushing a kiss onto his forehead.
But when Steve just continues staring at him, Tony knows it's on him to take the first step. So he does, taking one step closer to press himself flesh against Steve and curling a hand through the blond's collar to angle him closer. His head tilts just enough, and he tries to convey just how much he wants this with his lips against Steve's.
Tony smiles; that same hollow smile that he had on earlier, and raises both hands to Steve's face. He cups the blond's face much like the blond had done for him, and Steve doesn't even take notice of the blood that's being smeared across his skin.
"Talk to me," he says again; and this is much more like a plea as his hand shifts to the side of Tony's head, grip gentle yet firm.
Her smile widens a fraction as she lifts a mug of what seems to be tea to her lips, "It feels good not to be cooped up in a car with Bruce and Thor, I'll admit that much."
"But I did. Howard said you'd never want me closer; so he sent me to D.C. and gave me a job, promising he'd find a way to get you to open up to the idea of a mate," Steve explains, and he drops his head. Tony's workboots are untied, so he carefully lifts one of the brunet's feet to ease the shoe off of him, "And I know -- I know, Tony, that it's hard for you to open up. I get that you're so used to doing everything on your own because people keep letting you down; but it
about it went after his teammate. The same teammate who retired and gave up his spot in a building he had built for her comfort. At that moment in time, Steve hated the very idea of Captain America.
"Judging by the look on your face, I'd say you didn't know they were part of the army." Sam surmises, and his face darkens a little bit. Steve is about ten years older than Tony is, so while Tony knows about the blond's childhood and friendship with Bucky, his career for the military had never actually come up.
The brunet offers a weak smile as he fidgets in place. Steve might be gentle and loving but there's still the fact that he's an alpha and Tony just publicly humiliated him.
"Don't pretend you didn't want an excuse to get your hands on me." Tony responds, his voice low and husky; and he's definitely trying to get a rise out of Steve.
absurd. Tony loved the woman and wanted to marry her. That woman took over his company and held his hand through the darkest times. Steve was always envious of it, but what could he really do if it meant Tony was finally happy and on his way to settling down.
Tony lifts a hand to cup the side of Steve's face, and he ignores the tremble of his fingers, "I'm here, honey. I'm here, and I'm safe. I'm with you."
"Who still uses flip phones?" Tony muses to himself, but feeling the technology makes his whole body shudder in what might be relief. He hasn't had a phone in years.
"Can I be a bridesmaid?" Natasha asks from her seat at the table beside Bucky, and her thin eyebrow is raised in a teasing manner as it shoots over in Steve's direction.
"I was really looking forward to them pancakes, too," Sam grumbles, and his wings are folded on his back but ready to unfurl in case he's needed again. Even now, Steve finds himself more than glad to have his newer friend join their team.
Considering Steve's length, he believes that much is true. He doesn't say anything, though, just quietly marvels at the thickness of Steve's dick and wondering how it would taste. He angles himself closer, reaching out with a tentative swipe of his tongue to lick up a drop of precum that's leaking out of the tip. Steve hisses at the heat of his mouth, hips jerking instinctively.
"If it's okay, I still have some things to discuss with you before I head out." James answers, and that piques Steve's interest. James gestures to the seat Steve had given up when Tony had his panic attack, but his movements are stiffer now.
Tony stares at him, baffled. He's never felt so precious in all his life; but Steve can turn his brain into mush with just his gaze alone. Did he even
Steve, on the other hand, crawls back over him, starting at his thighs and pressing soft kisses along his skin. His lips are soft and warm and the kisses leave behind a trail of fire as he climbs up to Tony's chest. He stops at each scar, kissing them in a gentle manner that could only come from Steve, and when he reaches Tony's lips again, Tony's suddenly overcome with emotion.
He steps forward slowly, reaching out and wrapping his fingers around Steve's wrist and giving it a little tug. Steve places the bag of popcorn down and turns just his head, eyebrows raised in question.
"So you think that now that he has coding and super powers that he can control a program that wanted to kill him?" Sam asks, an eyebrow raised in skepticism. It's the truth too. Ultron wanted Tony dead more than anyone else.
The Accords were nothing but a flickering memory drawn out by harsh rivalries, and had seemed to magically disappear one morning when Steve had been on his morning run. T'Challa had been quick and joyful as he told the former Avenger that they were all allowed to go home.
Tony sits on the couch that the pair abandoned, heart in his throat as he continues to watch the news coverage. The Black Widow is on the scene, and judging by the arrows that are being shot at the alien, so is Hawkeye. Captain America and the Winter Soldier are late to the party but are quick to join the fray, going hand to hand with the alien. Thor is nowhere to be seen, and neither is Hulk. They're down two heavy hitters, if that's the case.
"Are you up, J?" He asks into the suit, firing his repulsor boots to head in the direction of where the fight had been on the news.
There's a lot of information there, but the one thing that everyone picks up on immediately is the name Ultron.
"You didn't need me in Siberia." Tony's not growling anymore; but his tone takes a pleading edge to it.
"They served a tour in Iraq together," Sam continues, and Tony feels that familiar churn of jealousy in his stomach. He knows he's got nothing to be jealous of, and yet, he is. Sam doesn't notice, or doesn't comment on it, and continues plowing through the story, "I can't tell you much out of confidentiality, but Bucky lost his arm and got discharged early, but Steve finished his tour. They're still haunted by it, even if they don't talk much about it."
He's unsure of whom to call first. He definitely doesn't want to call his Howard. What more had to be said between them, anyway? Howard hadn't felt like family since he was an infant. The only other name in the phone is Steve. He can't call the blond, he tells himself. He's still so unsure of what they are and what they could be, and Tony's terrified about what having and being a mate entails.
"Maybe you should get some sleep," Natasha suggests, and the rest of the pack look to each other and away because she's the only one who can get away with calling him out.
Tony reaches up, carding his fingers through Steve's hair, and tugs him forward into a kiss. Someone's hollering in the background, but Tony ignores everyone who isn't his husband.
"Turn on the news." He says without looking up; and he's still squinting at his phone like maybe there are words hidden between the spaces of the lettering.
Bruce shoots Steve a look, and his eyes look incredulous. Understandably, everyone else looks as unimpressed with Tony's indifference as Bruce himself is. What James has told them seems true; while everyone else is impressed to no ends with Tony's skill and dedication to his work, Tony himself continues to feel like he's
Tony's hands, having flown forward when his body was tugged back upright, plant right onto Steve's chest, and though he refuses to look up into those disarming blue eyes, he can just
His faceplate snaps up, and he meets directly with Steve's widened eyes. There's that glimmer of realization in his face that tells him that it should've been more obvious to Steve, too.
"I think Clint wants to try one of your smoothies." He tells the bot with a small grin, patting him once on the head, "You know? The one with the motor oil."
While he's expecting for Steve to stroll into the garage looking for him, it's actually Sam who ducks under the door into his workspace. He's lost track of time, much like he always does when his hands are moving, and Sam seems baffled and horrified. It's a given, considering Tony's managed to pry sheets of metal off of the walls; he works better by moving, and this house isn't equipped with his usual holographic workstations. The sun isn't up yet, so it can't be too late; and yet, Tony feels like a kid getting caught by their parents for staying up past curfew.
Shaking his head, Tony lowers his shirt again, "They captured me, held me hostage for three months, performed some torture -- you know, hostage things. They demanded I build a missle like the Jericho, so that they could have whatever political power they wanted. I couldn't do it; after seeing what those missles were doing to hurt the people they were meant to
One of the little bots rolls up to Natasha, having recognized her from years passed. She laughs a little bit as she bends over and presses her palm onto the trop of his head, "Hi, Dum-E. I told you I'd come back."
"I wasn't going to let SHIELD or HYDRA get their grubby paws on it." A voice replies from behind them; and Steve curses himself inwardly for having forgotten where they were even momentarily.
"Tony." Steve calls out, and he sees Tony's head snap in his direction with that same withering look on him.
Okay, that's probably a good point. At this rate, they really might have no other choice aside from choosing between Tony and Wanda. They all love Wanda, who they felt protective of because her life and family was stripped away like theirs were. But Tony? While they have mixed feelings about him, he
There's snickering coming from the group even as Sam steps back and hauls Clint back over to them. It's a nice change of pace from how serious everyone was, including him, earlier in the day. The pack doesn't know much about his life prior to meeting him and what they were told from Howard; but they don't seem to hate him just yet from what they are seeing.
He's cut off when Steve surges forward again and kisses him once more. It's probably the most effective way to shut Tony up, and Tony relaxes slowly against Steve's lips.
"Alright, so let's get down to business." Tony starts off, knowing Rhodey's attempts of diversion and too tired to seriously play along.
But when he steps up to the door to the apartment and fumbles with the keyring Steve had given him, the door swings open, and he's stuck staring at a concerned Steve right in the eye.
The door opens in front of him, and Tony looks up at Bucky in mild surprise. He's waiting for the other brunet to throw a fist, but Bucky just stands aside and waves a hand inward, expecting Tony to walk into the apartment.
Furious and grieving, Tony attended her wake wasted, and even though it was seen as repulsive behavior, that was the only way Tony could get through the ceremony. He ducks out early, unable to watch as his mother, the only person left who really and truly loved him, was put into the ground. He ended up in the hospital that very night, after driving his convertible over a bridge. He's still not sure how he managed to survive that, but he did. He has no recollection, however, and the doctors told him it was so traumatic that his brain had automatically blocked it out.
Steve’s brain screeches to a halt. He stares dumbly at Fury, his mouth opening, closing. The man can’t mean what he thinks he means.
“You don’t belong here, Steve,” he says softly. The symbols are blazing against his skin, now. “Let me set things right.”
“Good boy,” Steve says. His fingers stroke lightly at the exposed underside of Tony’s wrist, trailing along his veins.
Dinner is a long, strained affair. They sit in a loose half-circle on the bed, Tony and Sarah both making a show of eating under Steve’s watchful gaze. It quickly becomes apparent that Steve could give two shits about any sort of awkwardness regarding the situation: legs folded, calmly inhaling his soup, he is the picture of serenity, and does not bother to make conversation from his place directly opposite Tony.
sings the talking sponge, his bright colors reflecting in her eyes. While she watches, Tony watches her, his chest tight enough to hurt. He’s never been good with children; for a long time they were seldom more than a thought in his head - the kind of passing fancy that remains just that.
“Believe me, I want nothing more than to go after whoever did this,” Sam goes on. His face has not stirred from its grim cast since he first came barging into Steve’s room. “But our situation hasn’t changed. The moment we land on American soil - hell, the moment we leave Wakanda - it’s a rap.”
A stone of dread sinks low in Tony’s gut. He doesn’t want to know, doesn’t want to hear - and asks, anyway: “What have you done?”
She’s a child, Steve has to remind himself, amidst the winds howling in his ears. She is small and ignorant and silly - so
“You haven’t been sleeping,” Steve murmurs, and Tony hates it, hates the concern softening his words, his eyes.
Steve breathes, and the world corrects itself. He is standing in the soft gray dark of the second floor, and he’s not sure how he got there, but that doesn’t matter. The double doors to their bedroom stand in front of him. Behind them lies the world.
When Sarah subsists, the barest pout on her face, Steve turns to him. “I got your favorite,” he says, nodding at the bag. “But if you’re not in the mood for take-out, there’s soup, chicken, and vegetables here.”
The mob turns as one to him, each soldier raising their weapons like a well-oiled machine. He notices, for the first time, the white star emblazoned on their shoulders, and feels sick.
“But that's not possible,” Tony argues, shaking his head. “There has to have been a surrogate of some sort.” And even then, it doesn’t explain the girl belonging to the both of them. Tony scratches the back of his neck, his mind whirring. “You're telling me you couldn't turn up any further information on the kid? You just - found her, and that was that?”
“Good,” he croaks, looking to Sarah, who is poking sullenly at her peas. The child continues to unsettle Tony deep down - but she’s safer than this alternate Steve, who in some moments is indistinguishable from the one that still occupies the raw hollow of his heart.
Steve - he has given up on trying to distinguish the two, at least in terms of nomenclature - is a cold presence at his back. Tony lets his shoulders sag, for just an instant. Then he sets them, and opens his eyes.
He picks his way across several bodies, his fury mounting at the sight of each victim, before the smoke clears enough that he can see them, the mob of soldiers near the exit.
Tony focuses every ounce of will he possesses into keeping his face blank. Cold rooting in his chest, he looks back mutely as Steve goes on, “There will be no
Then, slowly, slowly, Tony lets his hand rise. Sarah starts as he touches her hair, her face lifting to his. They stare at each other for a suspended beat - and then Sarah relaxes back into him, her cheek pressed to his heart. Her hair is silken gold between his fingers, and something nameless sparks in Tony’s chest as he relaxes, too.
And Steve can only obey. He meets Tony’s stare, his jaw fluttering, and feels his throat bob as Tony leans into the space between them, his eyes earthen pools.
hand, so much as the way his face morphed in the moonlight, tenderness evaporating into something cold,
Tony is still watching him; Steve’s whole face feels hot beneath his stare. It is as though he has been catapulted into the past, where he was small and thin and weak, breath rattling in his damaged lungs. He clenches his fists so hard the leather squeaks. In his peripheral vision, Tony’s head tilts.
“I’m sorry, Papa,” Sarah weeps, when it’s done. She shuffles back to him, red-faced, and Steve is glad to envelop her in his arms. “I won’t do it again,” Sarah sobs into his chest. “I promise. Please don’t let him go.”
There is not a lick of anger in his face as he speaks, and somehow that’s worse - especially when he leans down, hands engulfing either side of Tony’s face, and says with the utmost calm, “No one is coming for you.”
Steve’s eyes flash. For a moment Tony thinks he’s made a mistake, but then Steve covers Tony’s hand with his, pressing it tightly to his heart.
Tony’s voice is in his head; Tony’s hands are on his skin; Tony’s breath is in his ear, caught with ecstasy, then death. The world around him and above him and beneath him is but negative space, defined by Tony Stark and all his shades; where he is and was and isn’t, where he will be.
He wonders what other differences will make themselves known in the future. Will they be little, like this? Or vast?
“Go ahead and eat your vegetables, darling,” Tony murmurs, dropping his eyes. The endearment is oddly smooth on his tongue. “They’re good for you.”
Tony Stark has fought both gods and men - and strange hybrids of the two - unflinching. But none of his many enemies, save perhaps the Ten Rings - who drowned and beat and hammered him into the man he is - have ever quite inspired the gnawing terror that thrums within him now, beneath Steve’s gaze. Slowly - no sudden moves - he shakes his head.
Well, he thinks after a moment, sitting up. Call him arrogant, but that’s a leg up over most people.
But Steve only holds him tighter, his arm lengthening around Tony until he’s pinned to that bloody star, cursing up a storm.
“Tick-tock,” he murmurs, in a low voice that makes Tony’s stomach curl. Distantly, he registers the goons shifting around them, but he doesn’t dare look away from Evil Steve for long enough to see what they’re doing.
and Tony thinks, through the cloud of shock, that he’d like nothing more than to knock out every one of Steve’s pearly white teeth, then and there.
“Let me meet her properly, then,” Tony murmurs, and he works up the courage to grasp Steve’s wrist. As Steve’s face warms with delight, he adds, “I can’t...I can’t be who she wants, right now, but. I’d like to meet her.”
Up close, the difference is at once glaring and muted; it’s definitely Steve’s face, Steve’s mouth, Steve’s eyes. But there are dark circles beneath those familiar hues, and a feverish glint within them that again leaves Tony deeply uncomfortable.
The sweep of her eyes, the tilt of her head: Natashi is assessing him for reasons Steve can’t even begin to guess at, and his temper becomes even more difficult to restrain, the more he realizes just how in the dark they’ve left him.
He’s had time to stew on the whole ordeal, and while the rage has simmered, the bitterness within him is no less potent. If anything, it has begun to gnaw at him, shortening his temper and his tolerance for the rot that so permeates his world.
He’ll need to play a softer game, if he means to make it out of here. As much as Tony is itching to rage and roar and
Tony wants to disintegrate him so badly he shakes with the wish, but before he can hammer more nails into his own coffin Steve says, “You clearly need more time to digest your situation. It’s… frustrating, but I suppose it’s my fault for expecting anything less from you. You’re so stubborn.”
that, but it’s hard to remember the shit he’s in when this near-perfect copy of the man he maybe-loves is here, hot and real and devouring him like he’s the only thing that’s real, that matters.
The tension swells, and is reaching an almost painful crescendo when Clint bursts out, “Okay, so it’s Tony.”
He stomps down the pulse of pain as it arises, and forces his attention back to the problem at hand. Namely: how to incapacitate this version of Captain America, without being killed, himself.
There is a collective wince from the rest of the Avengers (save Natasha); it’s the first time Tony’s name has been spoken aloud since the memorial.
The smile that splits Steve’s face is ghastly. His teeth glint in the light, and as Tony looks into his eyes he understands he was mistaken; Steve isn’t angry with him at all.
Tony Stark is dead. Steve saw him haul that warhead into space, saw the wormhole close behind him. And Tony, however belligerent, would never attack him - would never whisper such strange things against his skin, as this man did, those clever fingers carding through his hair while the sedative flooded his veins.
He turns in a circle, gloved raised, waiting for one of the bastards to emerge from the smoke. He can hear them, boots slapping the marble, but he can’t pinpoint an exact position.
blinks owlishly at him, uncomprehending. Then understanding seems to dawn. His hand pressing painfully over Tony’s, he nods.
knows those sleepless nights spent staring at the stars, fear churning and seething and curdling to purpose in his heart. “No more fear,” Steve tells him, and Tony trembles. “No more war. Earth is safe, Tony.”
He instead stares at their joined hands, wishing fervently that he still had his glove. He would disintegrate this man without hesitation. He would. The one sat before him is
Steve jerks like he’s been slapped in the face, that stony mask dissolving into something strange, unreadable. His eyes burn in his face, but he says nothing as he resumes his advance on Tony, until they’re nearly at the edge of the strip.
“There is no further information,” Steve answers, his face unreadable. “The scientists tasked with monitoring her did their damndest to destroy all evidence of their work while we swept the compound. We only barely saved Sarah.”
“Look,” he murmurs, and it is the voice of a lover, his gaze so tender it makes Tony’s nails dig into his palms as Steve gestures at the horizon. “What do you see?”
Steve doesn’t move, or even blink. He says nothing for so long, in fact, that Tony begins to feel insulted. Finally: “It's complicated,” Steve says, folding his arms. He looks like he wants to leave it at that, but Tony isn't in the mood for mystery. He bares his teeth in something that could be a smile, to all but those who know him.
“It cost us a great deal, procuring it,” Steve informs him, while Tony weighs the potential success of shoving him into the sea. “But once it was in our possession, well...let’s say it put us on a much faster track to achieving our goals.”
“Steve,” he says, softly. Tony never called him by his name; it was always “Cap,” or “Capsicle,” or some other catty sobriquet that left Steve flustered. And the
Tony thinks fiercely, his eyes glued to the golden fall of Sarah’s hair. They might share a voice, and a face, and a name, but what makes up a person goes well beyond these things, as Tony has learned - is learning. He’s never really had to think about it.
Tony could vomit. Steve’s talking like he’s not gonna murder him though, which, considering Tony’s own promise, is...
“Stark,” he gasps, at the same instant the man towering over him turns, breathing, “Ah. There you are.”
It’s coming from his right. He spins towards it, ready to sprint towards the person, damn the consequences, when he hears
Tony’s voice is in his ears. Tony’s breath is on his skin. The ghostly imprint of his hands sear Steve’s flesh.
Steve stands there for an immeasurable length of it, aching. It is only the cutting knowledge of Tony’s rejection, should he act on his desire, that pulls him away from the door.
Tony’s brain whirs while he speaks, what feels like electricity searing in his veins as he meets Steve’s wary eyes. “Sarah. I wouldn’t mind seeing her again.”
Steve looks away almost involuntarily. Something is pulsing in his throat. His hands are gross with sweat, and he doesn’t know why.
His mouth clicks shut. He glares down at the cuffs binding him securely to the table, his lips pursing, and then it’s Steve’s turn to bore holes in his face. Adrenaline is rushing through him; he’s not sure why.
Again Steve’s eyes flash. He steps forward, but Tony steps back, continuing, “Because I’m going to kill you, first chance I get.”
“Thanks,” Tony mumbles. He didn’t think he was hungry, but the smell from the bag is awakening his apetite. When was the last time he had take out? He can’t remember, and is curious to see what Steve thinks is his favorite.
so i've had this sitting on my laptop for a whiiiile and i don't know why it's taken so much out of me. either way i'm glad to be getting it out to you guys! enjoy!
He and Sam turn as one to see her staring at the table, her face wan. “This was no terrorist attack,” she murmurs, the faintest pinch in her brow.
And then, because he's the universe's favorite chew toy, shit hits the fan the very next morning; Tony is in Washington, trading thinly-veiled insults with Secretary Ross and his Council of Asshats, when a sound like thunder clapping rends his eardrums, and the hall explodes.
The glow warming his features is nothing short of delight, and its with an equal amount of confusion and disgust that Tony tears away from him - or attempts to. Steve won’t let go of his shoulders. He clicks his tongue and draws Tony in close again, his grip near-bruising as he begins to steer him back into the mansion.
But more than those, Tony is afraid. It has settled over him, the fear, like an old blanket: an odious shadow that haunts his peripheral vision, it throbs at the back of every thought.
Sarah starts to cry as Steve tears the picture from the sketchbook and lowers himself onto the edge of the bed. It’s an ugly sight from her, all violent shudders and gasping breaths.
Steve does not move, does not blink, does not breathe. He stands there frozen, head ringing, blood roaring in his ears and curdling on his tongue. Clint makes an ugly noise.
fitted head to toe in heavy combat gear, zip by, cradling guns of a sleek, deadly-looking model that leaves his eyes bulging after them.
It feels like he's drowning now, as he looks into Steve’s eyes. Behind the tenderness is an icy purpose that rattles Tony. He's not sure how to dissuade it. If he can.
Sarah clings to him a moment, her gaze dropping with distaste to the little plate Steve’s set aside for her, loaded with chicken and peas. Steve catches the look and says, his voice soft but firm, “I expect you to eat all of it.”
Both scenarios are ludicrous to Tony. He outsmarted the Ten Rings under similar duress, and imagines he’d have some contingency plan for someone as blatantly dangerous as this Steve Rogers. As for the second option, well. Tony loves deeply and fiercely, with all of his soul: but no one - not Pepper Potts nor Rhodey nor Steve Rogers, Captain America - has ever had  access to
Tony realizes, a by-now old bitterness seething through him. The Avengers are scattered, gone. What few remain are not enough to help him. And even if the team were still whole...what could they do?
He lets himself be lulled into the false comfort this fake Steve provides, lets him lay another kiss between Tony’s eyes, those calloused fingers scratching at his scalp.
Then he's pulling a pistol of cataclysmic beauty from his holster, and Tony is frozen, because that gun is his design, he would know his own work anywhere, and Steve
He swallows, his eyes flitting about the gathered cronies. They’re bunching towards their leader now with an air of expectation, a mob of masked faces and
Natasha gazes up at him, unfazed. Then, after a long pause: “There were soldiers, trained and lethal. Swept through the room like it was nothing, wielding guns that don’t exist. Ross saw everything,” she says, and her eyes are cold. “The only reason he’s alive is Tony.”
As his vision blurs, and the pain bleeds from his heart in a wave of heady numbness, he wonders what it's like. To be loved by Steve Rogers above all else.
Steve had been sure he was dreaming, until the sting of the needle registered as a bit too real, and Clint had stumbled upon them.
His Tower contains failsafe upon failsafe upon failsafe, for hundreds of scenarios; should Ross - or anyone else - seek to take advantage of his absence and seize the suits, for example, Tony has programmed each and every one of them - including his lab - to promptly self-destruct.
The unit parts, like a sea of tar. Tony’s eyes first light on Ross, kneeling at the center with a bloody face and a twisted arm, a gun pointed at his lolling head.
“We don’t know what happened,” Bruce is saying. “He could be under the influence of something, or someone. Until we understand what, it’s best to withhold judgement.”
The thoughts drum within him, and their shadow tracks his every step; breathes goosebumps along his flesh when Tony tries in vain to sleep.
Sam is of course the first to break the silence. Steve turns to see him standing, too, his muscled arms folded tight across his chest. Next to him, Wanda sits pale and mute. Clint stares at the table, his jaw ticking, and Scott leans against the wall, away from the rest of them. Though they’ve been going back and forth for half an hour, he has yet to contribute a word. At the head of the conference table reclines T’Challa, who regards Steve impassively.
Tony swallows hard. The closeness, the staring, the tender scrape of Steve’s fingers against his scalp - it’s distracting him, and Tony can’t afford that now. He reminds himself that the man before him isn’t
Steve lets the silence settle between them - lets her think on what she’s done. Then he says, cool and steady, “I told you, before...that you were never to do this, again.”
I didn't originally plan to continue this, feeling pretty meh about it overall, but y'all inspired me to go on with it, so here we are. I feel a little 'blah' about this chapter also, tbh,  but I wanted to go ahead and get it out to you guys. Thanks so much for reading, and I hope you like!
She leans close to the glass, peering at the suspect, and continues, “We ran them four times, to be sure. DNA, fingerprints...it’s all there, sir. As far as we can tell, he
“The Avengers are a thing of the past,” he says smoothly. Straightening in his chair, he goes on, “You and I have to look to the future, Tony.”
“Tony,” Steve sighs. It’s a prayer, a mantra - one that clears the last remnants of that darkness from his face. Tony lets himself be held and petted, wondering again at the person his other self was, to have arrested Steve’s heart - and sanity - so absolutely.
-- against the paler flesh of Tony’s wrist. The letters are red and raised, as though carved by the fine point of a blade.
Tony’s eyes close briefly. Something unreadable warps his features. When he opens them again, the pain is naked in his gaze.
Showtime, Tony thinks. He makes his eyes limpid, his throat bob, his face tight. He has to be convincing. Everything hinges on it.  “I just…”
“Well, we haven’t been able to get a word out of him, otherwise -- so unless you have a better idea, I’m going to have to insist.”
Steve’s jaw works for a few tense seconds. “He died a hero. And you disrespect his memory by sitting here - “
They stay like that for a minute, Steve basking in his presence and Tony fervently wishing he would disintegrate, until Steve pulls away.
The tension in the room is thick enough to crumple lesser beings. Clint paces restlessly near the door, his hand straying frequently to his wounded shoulder, while Thor frowns at Fury and Bruce stares at the floor. The clock on the wall ticks,
Blue light pulses beneath the door. Steve watches it fade and glow, fade and glow. Then, as quietly as possible, he enters the room.
T’Challa nods, and the pieces slot together in Steve’s head just as Natasha walks into the room. She’s been off on various reconnaissance ventures, acting as their eyes and ears since their exile. Steve hasn’t actually seen her in months; in his peripheral vision, he sees Wanda stiffen and Sam unfold his arms and Clint jerk, then rise. Steve himself might have felt something like happiness at the sight of his friend, but it’s like Wanda said: something is wrong.
“You can't expect me to just - fall in line with this insanity,” he demands, some of his incredulity bleeding into the words. “If you knew me even a little, you'd realize just how
Tony bites down on a hysteric giggle, his brow pressed to his knee while he explores the weight and feel of the blade. It’s cool steel, military-grade, small but solidly weighted. The real Steve never carried throwing knives in his belt as far as Tony can recall, but this Steve has made it crystal clear by now that he’s a different beast.
He rests his chin atop her head, his eyes straying to where the electric blue phantom of his shield travels along the walls. The Heart burns at his back. “Not ever.”
His hand spasms with the urge to touch her hair, to push her away. He sits there frozen between the two impulses, his jaw locked.
Steve will fix this. He can’t repair the Capitol building, or reclaim the lives of those poor innocents, but this one thing - this one thing he can do. He can save this man he once called friend, all quick hands and sharp tongue and brave heart, whose mind conceives worlds Steve could never dream of knowing.
Tony peers down, down, into the sea. How angrily it roils. The mansion looms at his back, monument to the past and all the deaths he’s died since then - and it is sandwiched between the two of them, sea and stone, that Tony understands.
So, it's been a while. Have no excuse, except that I'm a student and inspiration comes and goes. I've actually had this third chapter sitting on my drive for a while, and I wanted to make it longer, but I've put off updating long enough, I suppose.
For a moment, Steve only looks at him. Then a smile, small and knife-like, cuts across his face. He says, “Well, that would be a problem, wouldn’t it?”
His voice is strained, soft with a grief Tony can’t fathom. There’s a warning in there, too. Tony is trying to decide if he should heed it or not (this Steve wouldn’t seriously hurt him, he’s starting to think), when the wail of sirens fills his ears, along with the roar of what he recognizes as approaching jets.
Because Tony is just one person. The loss of him is not so detrimental to the universe. But an insane Steve with an infinity stone in his possession spells catastrophe for everyone, across all worlds.
blooming on his skin, along the lengths of his arms, his neck, his face. They glow softly beneath Steve’s shocked stare.
By the time he’s stopped before the other man, Tony’s mouth is horribly dry. His hand clenches in the glove as he diverts his attention to Ross, who is glaring up at them both through puffy eyes.
Steve’s eyes are glacial, his face an Arctic landscape, devoid of warmth or light or anything approaching humanity. If Tony were another man, he would flinch away - would scuttle back, panicked, as Steve reaches for his hand, crushing it in his own. Instead he remains stone-still, his heart pounding.
His fingers curl with the desire, cold and ugly in his soul, as Steve murmurs, “Can’t have you doing something you’ll regret.”
“...It was bad,” Natasha answers, after too long, and Steve bites down savagely on the name he wants to utter. He lets the blood fill his mouth, its familiar copper taste grounding him, somehow.
“Alright,” Steve says, a soft breath of sound. He steps in, bending down to rest his forehead once more to Tony’s. “Alright.”
So Tony stamps down the fury bubbling beneath his fear, locks it away with his yet-simmering defiance. It’s become clear that he’s in more danger than he realized.
Her expression reminds Tony of a puppy who’s been told to sit, eager and hopeful and adoring, only barely restrained. There’s nervousness there too, however. Tony wonders which of them put it there. He very carefully does not look at Steve as he accepts the bag. A familiar aroma drifts from it; take-out. Stretching dry lips into what he hopes is the semblance of a smile, Tony murmurs, “Thank you, sweetheart.”
“The impossible,” Steve answers, and if that doesn’t set off the alarms in Tony’s head. He tries edging subtly backwards as Steve goes on, “You and I - we’ve brought peace.”
He keeps quiet however as Steve stops before the glass doors barring them from the launch strip he used here as Iron Man. Steve presses his hand to the glass and Tony watches, teeth gritted, as the bioscanner lights green.
He starts to pace, if only to appease the jitter in his bones. “They’re calling it a terrorist attack, but there’s no suspects, no evidence. Three days, but no answers.”
His voice is even, his face stoic enough that Tony could almost dismiss the near-hysteric man from earlier as a hallucination. The forming bruises on his biceps beg to differ, however, and it’s only their ache - a preview of what looms, should he misstep - that keeps back an acidic reply.
“The world,” Steve echoes, with passion. He turns Tony until they’re facing each other, takes both of his shoulders. “It’s ours, Tony,” Steve says. “All of it.”
He can practically hear the cogs turning in Steve’s head, the mental pat-on-the-back at a stage well-set. He barely represses a sneer.
“That’s enough,” Steve says, once he’s sure his temper is sufficiently restrained. Sarah quiets immediately, a few stray sniffles escaping her. Trembling, she stares at her knees.
He paws through the bag’s contents under Steve’s close attention. Inside is a box of white rice, some egg rolls, and a container of orange chicken. Tony pulls it out, his eyes wide. Burgeoning laughter tightens his throat, and its an effort to restrain it.
Tony stares at the purple stone glowing at its center. It is one of the few instances in his life where his mind has gone silent.
It was one of the blueprints he scrapped after returning from Afghanistan, when he shut down the weapons sect of SI altogether. Before he destroyed them, they were locked up tight in a vault accessible only through his fingerprints and retinal scans. Not even Obie could have got at them.
He must not show weakness, now; not with Steve watching him so closely, pale eyes bright with the burgeoning day.
Let Steve think him docile, pliant, in the wake of his subtle threat. Let Tony play the lovesick fool. (Once, it was even true.)
He snorts to himself, his eyes pinned blankly to the TV screen. Him, a father. It’s beyond bizarre to think that, while he was busy making mistake after mistake in his own reality, in another world another Tony Stark cradled his daughter. A little girl with his nose and Steve’s eyes, whose bright blonde hair smells of bubblegum.
Tony can’t say what would have become of him if she hadn’t come back. But he knows it would’ve been ugly. Uglier than anything this Steve could come up with.
“Good,” he murmurs, with a wisp of a smile. Then he reaches for Sarah, whose attention has drifted at some point to the TV, where
p.p.s. i can't remember and am too lazy to check if I originally used Stevil or if a commenter came up with the name. if it's the latter, thank you. it's amazing.
He rubs his neck, remembering the sting of the needle as it sank into his flesh. The suspect was ruthless in his assault; had Clint, hungover and incoherent, not staggered into the nearest room (which happened to be his), the suspect might actually have succeeded in drugging him.
“It doesn’t matter what you meant,” Steve tells her, and he can’t keep the edge from his voice. “Tony will see this, and he’ll go away from us again. This time, forever.”
He thinks he hears Thor, roaring about foolishness and mistakes and his brother, but his voice sounds very far away. The world has narrowed to Tony Stark and his limpid eyes.
at the shield, his breath loud in his ears, his poor heart stumbling in his chest. On the verge of hyperventilating, he locks eyes with Ross, who is still kneeling on the floor, clutching his twisted arm. He shakes his head at Tony, his eyes dark through the blood falling into them.
, she keeps trying to say, through the snot and tears. And she should be. The longer Steve takes in the picture, the harder it becomes to stomp down on the vicious surge of black searing within him. He breathes in deeply. Counts to ten. Watches Sarah go on, his gaze cold enough to freeze rain.
Natasha claims the chair, her pale hands folding neatly atop the table. Those brilliant eyes are locked on Steve once more. “It means,” she says, “that what we can tell - and what actually happened - are two very different things.”
Not-Steve - or maybe Evil Steve, that sounds more accurate - sees the movement and tenses, gesturing sharply at his men.
He pushes off the windowsill and paces away from Steve’s suffocating presence as casually as possible, his tone light. “Murder?” he goes on. “Torture? World domination? I’m all ears - “
Tony shivers. Repulsion churns within him as Steve continues, “So long as you remember that, the rest will solve itself.”
He chews mechanically on a piece of pancake, pushing the rest of it around his plate and studiously ignoring Steve’s hawk-like gaze. The other man seems riveted by his every little movement: any other person would have snapped by now under such focused attention, but Tony has lived his life being scrutinized by millions. He pretends it doesn’t bother him, his own eyes fixed to the divinely made pancakes.
The dead are everywhere, from what little he can make out, and he can hear a few unlucky civilians wailing, before short bursts of gunfire silence them.
Sarah glances back at Steve, who nods once, then breaks into a little run towards Tony. He has to stifle the urge to flatten against the headboard as she stops before the bed, peering up at him like he made the world.
This is worse than the Twilight Zone. Clearly Tony has fallen back into the sordid past times of his youth, and is having a trip of epic proportions.
The Heart, as Tony called it, sits on Sarah’s nightstand, now. It is a shimmering titanium globe sat on a base of twisting gears, all encased in glass. The globe in particular is a stunning example of Tony’s inherent artistry; intricately marked with the various projected shapes, its shifting metal sheets are almost hypnotic to the eye. That electric blue light throbs from the mini arc reactor installed within the globe. It will never die.
has quickly spun beyond his control; he’s not sure what’s happening, only that they are on an entirely separate track from where they started. It’s like they’re operating on two completely different wavelengths.
and lowers himself into it stiffly. He’s in his uniform, now, and feels more exposed beneath the other man’s stare than he did in the darkness of his bedroom, clad only in a T-shirt and boxers.
Shaking the last of the static from his thoughts, Tony gets to his feet, his mind racing furiously. He was barred from bringing the full suit with him; the glove’s all he’s got.
He carefully doesn’t include himself in that statement. This Steve, wherever he came from, seems to have mistaken him for - for
His own voice has become a rather unattractive croak. Evil Steve catches his wrist and pulls him in, again, smiling down at him like he’s cute.
The table splinters beneath his fist, its legs giving out. Jutting bits of wood tear into his palm, but Steve can’t care.
He cards a hand through his unruly hair - he really needs a haircut - and resumes flipping through the TV’s channels. He spent an hour weighing the potential of scrapping it for its circuitry where it takes up the wall, but nothing he could build from it will get him far.
The whole world has seen what is inside Tony, and Steve got front-row seats. No… he was forced to play a role he never wanted.
“Nah, why you apologizing? It’s cool,” Pietro says, shrugging with one shoulder. “I’ve died once, it’s not so bad.” He smiles at Steve and winks.
“Why, did you save me for something else other than company?” Tony asks, voice low. He could change back—but he doesn’t want to. He thinks they both need this little reminder, it’s better this way. He takes out Steve cock, carefully so his sharp nails don’t cause any damage. That can come later. “Or are you afraid?”
, because he can’t bear the thought of letting Tony know how selfish Steve can be. Steve just wants—he just wants.
“What if they’re all dead,” Tony says. “Talk about a ghost town. Wow. That witch has… some serious power, if she managed to dream everyone back to life.”
“Tell your lawyers I’m sorry,” Steve says, holding his hands up, smile fading into something much more solemn, serious. “You seemed to keep all your work in your head. When I was in your workshop.”
The vibranium has cracked before, a long time ago, when he fought Bucky the first time around, when they’d (inevitably) been summoned on different sides.
Tony is right, so there is no reason for Steve to feel defensive. And yet, anger simmers inside him, unbidden, Tony able to effortlessly draw it out even when Steve isn’t using it as a weapon (as a shield). Steve takes a breath, calms himself, and is glad that unlike most sorcerers, he has no magic signature that he needs to mask. His ability to drain magic is more touch-dependent, and does not reveal any emotional fluctuations.
“You can’t,” Thanos says. He sounds so sure, as if he knows, in fourteen million timelines, Tony surrendered. Tony can’t imagine why. He doesn’t want to. “You won’t pay the price. Your sorcerer knew it. He is foolish. It is the knowledge the soul stone showed me—in all times, you only chose the path once.” On his face, his sadness is ancient. His regret still looks fresh. “We both know it isn’t worth it.”
“Does it matter? I thought about it enough that it took me only three days to subjugate the entire world,” Tony says, thinking of all the ideas he had tried to kill in his mind, let them die stillborn, but ideas can’t be killed, they aren’t alive, they’re death. “Three days. And there was a lot more to come, Cap.”
Steve hesitates. Tony knows he won’t be sleeping. “I should prepare,” he says, but not with very compelling conviction.
Tony seems to trust Loki, which Steve does not understand. “Last we met, Loki tried to stab me,” Steve says, which earns a look of displeasure from Tony.
In order for them all to have a future, Tony has to give away the one where he is with Steve. He has to give up their past.
“Yeah. I will be,” Tony lies, drinking in his look. He swims up a little, slowly, resting his arms on the edge of the tub. He heals fast. His reliance on water increases exponentially after he switches form, he’s surprised he lasted two whole days. Tony supposes he feeds on desperation just fine, too.
“No. Tony. Don’t blame yourself.” Steve shakes his head. Thing is, it doesn’t matter, because Tony still hurt Steve, and he’s hurting him now again too, consciously. “I believe there won’t be a next time. You were under his influence—”
A laugh bubbles out of Tony’s mouth, revealing his sharp, jagged teeth. “It still happened, Steve. Right now, it is peaceful, but… you don’t keep a monster in an aquarium during wartime.”
He wants Steve to call his bluff. In the end, he is greedy and selfish, and Tony Stark is a coward when it comes to emotions, Pepper can attest to that. It’s not a miscalculation that Tony lets Steve see more than he should, it’s just pure desire to be seen. So he bluffs, hides behind nothing and everything. He grins through lies even as he aches to touch Steve.
Steve lets that one go, because he has more important things to say. “Please don’t tell me you’ve been sitting here the entire time,” he says.
“It’s fine. I heal fast,” Tony repeats, disregarding that he has a hole in his stomach, which seems to concern Steve a lot more than it should.
“What?” Why is Tony saying that? Steve stares. “Of course I care about you too,” he says disbelievingly.
“The illegal trespassing, yes,” Tony says sharply. “I didn’t think they’d actually do it.” His dark eyes are incredibly bright, something the photos in his file couldn’t capture. They flicker over Steve’s armor, resting on his shield. “I mean, SHIELD uses power stupidly all the time, sure, but I didn’t think Fury was this desperate.”
Natasha’s expression twists into something a little too kind, too much like sympathy for Tony to be comfortable. Tony wants to turn away, feeling vulnerable. This isn’t the time for him to be in the vicinity of a SHIELD spy. It’s never really the time, and right now he’s just. He’s.
“Holy shit, what was that,” Tony breathes, alarmed, hands raised. He sounds pained, which is what manages to draw Steve out of his trance. His magic is smoking from where he shot, a bright red in the world of white.
“Pretty sure that was one of the options you gave me,” Tony drawls, eyes narrowed. “Watch as the world breaks down, remember?”
But then he says, strong in a way only a mortal knows how to be, because a mortal knows how it feels if they aren’t heard in their brief lives, “I want to.” And then he says, awfully generous in a way only Tony thinks he must be, “Steve, if you don’t want this, know that I won’t let that change what we’ll do tomorrow. It’s not going to affect anything.”
“Well,” Tony says casually. “It fits their name. I bet they’ve been after it since SHIELD’s conception.”
“Why not?” Steve asks, feeling like he’s trapped in a tomb of snow. “What is this?” he asks, holding out the stem of the flower that doesn’t giggle, just dissipates into nothingness.
There are shadows of people on the wall. The shadows shudder when Steve and Tony walk by them, falling down into ashes.
Tony leans closer, daringly. Despite what they say about Captain America, Steve is a lot less immortal up close. Steve shouldn’t have let him. All Tony wants to do is push even further, see when Steve will snap.
“No, not that, either.” Tony mutters a curse. Nothing happens, and Steve realizes this is why Tony doesn’t use incantations. His Words don’t naturally hold magic. He’s worked around it, but he hasn’t worked around the promises he makes.
Tony arches an eyebrow. He swipes his hand, bringing up a screen with the artists and their artwork.
“I believe you,” Steve says quickly, honestly. He doesn’t like this place. Steve runs his fingers along the walls as they move forward. His touch and path sends ripples, revealing enough until they’ve crossed the room, the entire space clearing up.
Steve wonders after Tony’s mortal being dies, what immortal things he will leave created for the world. The thought isn’t like a knife through his heart. For that, it would hurt but he could pull the blade out and heal. Steve doesn’t want Tony gone. Why did Steve let his shield down?
There’s a reason for Tony’s need to keep fighting, need to keep Steve away from him. It has nothing to do with desire.
”I’m sure they were very colorful,” Steve says, slipping his shield away into his mental storage, the only sort of magic he can cast, a power granted to him by the shield. “Ser Banner, we’re actually here on important business.”
Tony spreads his legs for Steve, moaning when Steve slides into him. Steve stifles a cry, he hasn’t felt anything so good before. Tony is tight and wet and perfect, and Steve thinks he might cry. He shudders, remains silent.
“Yes,” Steve says simply. Tony doesn’t think Steve is proud of the fact, or comfortable about it, but this, he admits honestly. His hand comes up, a familiarly comforting gesture incoming.
Steve doesn’t answer immediately, which is answer enough. He grits his teeth. He seems to regret letting Tony do it. Good. “It wasn’t that.”
“Tony,” Pepper says. She smiles finally, with exasperation, and Tony hates to see the dark circles under her eyes. “I’m glad you’re helping others. You’re doing great. But that high up, is there really enough oxygen for you to breathe?”
Fury looks at Natasha, looking considering, but she knows what he’ll say already. “If I didn't know you, I’d say you were scared, agent.”
“It’s an art exhibit. Miss Potts has suggested you go yourself to see which new paintings you would like for your collection.”
“Wield the gauntlet after all. Stark, go home. You fail every time after the first.” What? “Your people will begin to justify my actions soon, if they have not already. Death meets us all in the end. History and fate prove that what I’ve done is better—”
“Coulson is gonna love this,” Fury sighs. “The Howling Knight can deal with the magic.” Natasha wonders how many layers of headache one can get, because Fury’s probably going to break his own record. The Knight is not going to be easy to summon and sustain. “He can get Tony Stark to deal with the runework.”
Steve resists a scowl. Tony isn’t wrong. “I chose to be a Knight,” he says, willing patience to return to him. It’s nothing he hasn’t heard before. When he fought the Hydra cult, there was never a moment when they ceased to point out the hypocrisy of being the Knight summon who didn’t believe in summoning.
The shield spins towards the shadow that’s forming person. Loki dodges the shield and its arc back into Steve’s hand as well. He glares at Steve, tilting his head down. “You,” he says, voice low and menacing. “Captain. You’re not supposed to be here. Shall I remedy that?” He grins sharply, spinning a dagger in his hand.
“It won’t be much of a vacation,” Steve says. “Magic isn’t working as it should. It’s happening when it shouldn’t, when nothing is visibly cast. We have to contain it.”
Tony thinks. It would be easier. “Trust me,” he says. “It’ll be okay. We can make things better, together. I need you to—”
He looks around. In the distance, there’s a light source. A blue fire. Warmth. He moves towards it even as the gale tries to blow him away.
Steve finds himself drawn to the fire, following the voice. It’s like he’s being summoned, but he has a choice in where he wants to go.
Tony shifts around in the spring, maneuvering himself face to face with Steve. They’re so close now. “Do you want to… push me away? I totally understand if you do. I’m not exactly the best company for anyone, you deserve much more than this, and I’m not holding this against you, I wouldn’t hold anything against you. You should know the truth, that I want you, I—”
Pepper’s lips are curved down and her brows are furrowed, and Tony feels sick because she’s been proud of everything else, why not of Iron Man?
Trying to replicate Steve’s powers without knowing how it’s done doesn’t have good consequences. Steve hates that Bruce is one more person who will have that in his biography, but he knows that Bruce is more than this one mistake. Bruce didn’t know.
Steve seems like he doesn’t know if he should close that distance. He seems to decide to respect Tony’s decision after a moment of heavy silence. Tony gets it, he’s grateful. Intention means nothing, the road to hell is paved with good ones, and Tony has always been the best builder around.
“Tony, it’s considered foolish to give your name to the public, and yet you add it to everywhere you can, including a tower that everyone can see,” Steve points out.
Steve’s eyes flicker to Tony’s tail, a red bleeding into gold. There’s a sense of wonder in his eyes, followed by a certain sadness. Steve reaches out, telegraphing the motion. “It’s… quite something,” he says.
Tony averts his gaze. “The city deserves to know,” he says. “If they’re all going to die again, they…” He looks tired.
Tony opens his mouth to promise something Steve doesn’t want to hear right now, maybe later, except that’ll be the later they won’t have, and Steve can’t let Tony promise something he’ll have to break. Steve catches the words in his mouth, kissing them away. Tony lets out a ragged moan and says, “Steve,” gently pushing against Steve’s chest.
“Did I get hit by a stuttering hex? I guess I could look her up in the libraries, I do have a portable eye, courtesy of Asgard.” Tony’s eyes shift away. “But that’s like reading about you. It’s not real like that.”
“Hey, that’s on you,” Tony says, “you owe me at least a drink and a dragon scale for that.” He flutters his fingertips over Steve’s armor.
“Sorry,” Steve says, tense. It’s easier to think now that he’s out of the snowstorm. He peers at it. It doesn’t look like it’s going to stop anytime soon. “I know I was acting—”
This is what makes Tony doubt. Is it fear, that makes Tony not want to confirm this theory? Which does he fear more, that this is a game of deceit, of Steve making something that doesn’t exist up, or—
“The signature is very strong.” Steve looks at it consideringly, thinking Tony should at least be proud of this. “I’ve never felt anything like it.”
Steve‘s breath hitches, and Tony sees desire flutter past Steve’s expression. “Just stop talking, please,” he rasps. “If you’re going to do this, just stop talking.”
“I’m sorry,” Steve says, staying in his spot, sounding too damn sincere about that, sounding like a broken record playing on repeat, because Tony has played Steve like this, of course Steve is saying this shit. Tony would’ve guilt-tripped Steve into doing a hell of a lot more than just apologize. “I know it’s a lot. I should have—”
Tony smiles indolently, and his smiles are really starting to grate on Steve’s nerves. “If that’s you fishing for what I know, sorry sweetheart. Doesn’t work on me,” he says. “So tell me, please. What do I know?”
But the shield is something they can’t know for sure is reliable, or even possible to use—it’s been fractured, and no amount of repairment efforts proved successful. She’s had a lifetime of knowing how reliable summons naturally can’t be. Plus, Natasha doesn’t trust its source.
There’s an excitement in his eyes, as though Steve Rogers is most pleased to meet Tony. And that’s weird, right. See, kids say they want to see Captain America. Only people with ulterior motives want to meet Tony Stark, with either a paycheck or a whip, it’s fifty-fifty.
They sit like that for a while. Steve focusing on the steady but alive hum of the arc reactor like one would count a heartbeat.
“It wasn’t you,” Steve says immediately, and the words elicit a tingly sense of déjà vu, like a whisper scratching against the door of Tony’s mind. It’s not loud enough for Tony to listen. It wasn’t enough the last time. Why’s Steve still trying now?
“I am happy to help, my friend! I will join you shortly in the library,” Thor says, guiding the towards a tall corridor. He beams at them both. “I fear this isn’t something I can help you with, but I know who can.”
“Good,” Tony laughs. “Good, believe me.” He leans down to suck in Steve’s nipple, eliciting a groan from how sensitive he feels. “Now let me make you feel good,” he says in a low voice. “I can do that, I’m good at that.”
“Steve. I’ve wanted you for a long time,” Tony breathes, smiles so hard it hurts, words he’s dreamt of spilling from his lips, “so long. But imagination is nothing compared to the real thing.” He leans forward and searches for friction, grinding against Steve and moaning, kissing Steve’s neck. He’s already hard and he knows Steve can feel the bulge against his thigh. Steve makes a wrecked noise in the back of his throat.
“We will keep looking for methods of containment,” Thor says gravely. “Good luck finding where the Aether was used, Man of Iron. Captain.”
“It probably was also actually snowing,” Steve says. “I don’t mean to trespass on the authority of any weather gods. I—I’d stop it if I could.”
“After this is all sorted, I’ll find you a dragon, Tony,” Steve says, even as the words weigh on his chest heavily, and he feels the energy Tony leaves long after Tony withdraws his hand.
needed other people. His team. He wasn’t supposed to be the only Knight summon created that... succeeded.
Then Tony smiles, an aggressive smile, fake. “I didn’t think your little witch could get anything helpful done,” he says, voice mocking and ugly. Steve hates it.
“That’s not what I thought your plan was,” Steve says. “I thought you were going to give me a pitiful sob story about how I was born without magic. Which would be true.”
you do anything,” Steve tells him. “I hoped you wouldn’t, but you did. You surrendered. You didn’t have to do any of this.”
Tony stiffens. The light in his hands instantly dies, the sparks gone. The armor around his hands seem to emit a soft, fading glow, before they leave the two of them in complete darkness. He turns around to peer at Steve with narrowed eyes. “Now, how did you know that?” he asks. “I do hope Fury didn’t include dear me in your little contract. I can sue over a lot less.”
There’s no use dwelling on becoming obsolete, it always happens (except it didn’t, they always needed him, there was never such a big gap), but he’s not doing any fighting right now (or maybe there always is a gap like this, one that’s always growing). He’s waiting when he could be slaying monsters, protecting people. Doing what he’s meant to do.
“I didn’t know you were one to believe what other people said so easily. What do you think?” Steve asks.
There’s a reason for the pain in his chest when Tony sees Steve looking at him sometimes, expression laden with disappointment and regret and tension. All Tony can think is
When they finally shake off their pursuers, for now, Tony announces, “I can’t keep it up,” and promptly collapses to the floor of the motel room.
Steve thrusts deep a few more times until he fills Tony up, making them both gasp and shiver. His nerves are pleasantly warm, his mind comfortable as it has never quite been before.
Steve doesn’t think Tony brings up a lot of things, even when it could make others like him more. It occurs to him that maybe that’s why Tony doesn’t.
“That’s...” Tony pauses, rubbing his face. “Nice of you,” he finally decides on. Steve’s mistaken if he thinks Tony Stark is definable. “Thanks. But no.”
“Fuck history, fuck fate. This was—is—our time. Our future. You don’t get to decide for us. You don’t get to decide who comes and goes.”
“I run an entire company,” Tony says. “Well, sort of. Point is, I’m not a rogue. I had all the paperwork done—thanks Pep—I’m Iron Man, got it? Time’s ticking, life’s slipping, Cap. Try something else.”
There’s a sudden boom. They both jump in alarm, Steve raising his shield to deflect the attacker, the shadowed figure dashing towards them. There’s a loud, resounding noise when they clash, and then the vibranium is shrieking in pain. Steve grits his teeth, shaken by the amount of force. He pushes back with the shield.
It’s because Steve looks at him so softly sometimes that Tony wants to break apart and let Steve hold him.
They’ve both learned that tears run dry eventually, just like ideas and memories and faith. There is no survival in this, not for either of them.
are not in your right mind right now, which is pretty impressive. Our plan may need some revision, if you can’t get close enough without… whatever this is. We need to get you into the city. Maybe some distance will help.”
When Tony is ten, his mark manifests just like ninety percent of the population. His is a beautiful and shockingly
“Of course it won’t,” Steve says, swallowing, cursing his thoughts, but he doesn’t have magic. Cursing his thoughts won’t make them really go away, it never did.
“I bring her enchanted fruits, she helps me out when I need a favor or two. I’m firmly against mystical being trading,” Tony says, bristling, like he’s been asked this question before, and Steve suddenly remembers that even though Tony doesn’t say much about himself, other people say a lot about Tony Stark.
“Is this what you want to do? Like this?” There’s tight anger, there. Like it might be Tony’s fault for ruining them, when Steve’s the stubborn one who won’t just surrender. It’s fine. Tony wants to show him.
What has Tony always wanted? He’s slipping back into the nightmare, the scenes becoming more vivid and the sensations clearer. His stomach clenches. Oh.
“Well,” Tony says. His tongue darts out to lick his lips briefly. “Aren’t you a sweet-talker.” He groans. “I don’t know if this is what he meant when he said you were dangerous.”
“Wow.” Tony looks amused. “Well, if Midgard needs my help, then Midgard is really in deep shit. How’d SHIELD mess up so badly
Steve feels his face heat up. Tony’s interest is very distracting. He doesn’t do anything as obvious as clearing his throat, but he does duck his head for a moment. “She was very charming, but her love of magic was for the good it could bring,” he says, suddenly glad that Tony was not born during the Second Rune War. The Starks have never made many friends during wartime, and Steve made none out of it. “I think you’d have gotten along.”
The thing is, society is distrustful as a whole because it isn’t whole, and it’s easier when one group is at fault. People without soulmates are easy to damn.
“I can fix this,” Steve says, and throws his shield into the rift, the magic ripping into it, and then the Aether seems to be cancelled out by something equally powerful.
Tony sighs. “You could’ve,” he disagrees. “You just didn’t want to.” Not after being in Tony’s company for three months. Nobody lasts three months, Tony thinks. He never lets them. He can remember the awful rush of water, flashes of red and gold, not being able to breathe. He feels sick. He feels hungry.
Tony flinches at the use of his name. Steve swallows the rest of his words. “Well, chop chop. No time to waste,” Tony says, armor shifting like liquid again, melting around his body, over his skin and clothes. He always has his armor ready to expand around him into a suit.
“I don’t trust a guy without a dark side,” Tony says. That’s… a lie, but not quite what Steve expects, he thinks. He does trust Steve, alarmingly so. He just doesn’t get what makes Steve have him as a soulmate. Tony’s not going to catch him, he’s going to drag him down further, and he thinks he wouldn’t care either way.
Tony stares at Steve bleakly. “Well, if wasn’t like you could consent. Who knew what else I might’ve done?”
“What!” Tony says, jumping backwards, dropping the flower he was holding to his lips. His hair is a mess, he looks like he hasn’t been sleeping well.
“I’m so glad you’re not wearing your enchanted armor right now,” Tony says with a laugh against Steve’s mouth, and snaps his fingers. His suit slips away to the side and Steve’s clothes fall beside them neatly.
“No, no,” Tony says quickly as the fire dies down. “This is actually supposed to happen. It makes it more flavorful.” He holds out a whole gold piece to the vendor. “Thank you.”
“Look at me, Steve,” Tony says, a rasp, his hand coming around the back of Steve’s neck gently, soothingly, and Steve is messing everything up again, he has never been good with things like this, never been good at drawing lines. He doesn’t know what lines Tony wants to draw for him, doesn’t know why Tony wants to waste his time on history when he could be building more connections for the future.
“They don’t agree with you,” Tony says, a person with the luxury of choice who chose to be driven by the need of others. What does Tony need?
Tony stares at Steve for a moment, then shoots him a scowl. “Incredible,” he says. “You know what, SHIELD can fix this rift by themselves. They probably made it in the first place.”
“You’re dying,” Steve says bluntly. He turns on the light for once—Tony winces, his pupils constricting violently at Steve’s bluntness along with the sudden brightness.
“You don’t know what I want,” Tony says, words fusing with a surge of bitterness, “you really don't.”
He knows, Steve realizes. Pietro knows. That must be why Steve didn’t, wasn’t able to tell at all. Pietro is too real to Steve, who of course can’t tell when people in Sokovia aren’t exactly here.
In the end, he’s not sure what convinces Howard to not disown him. Was it his mother? His pride and reputation? Some part of Tony hopes it was just his father giving him a test… but he doesn’t think Howard would bother with that.
Tony thinks dimly. He doesn’t need to look down at his body to know what’s there. There will be no scar, no visible ones, but everything is bloody. The tub fills up, water a deep red, just like all the waters Tony has ever been in. Some things never heal. Some things can’t be washed away.
. There’s a vindictive, petty pleasure that comes from how all his life, he’s heard stories about Captain America, seen the way Howard’s eyes shine with sorrow.
He is the Merchant of Death, but he’s not very interested in selling something he doesn’t wish to buy. Death had never really been what he was after, he used to think that they were doing the right thing despite death, but it turned out that the name was quite apt.
“For their healing effects,” Wanda said. There was a pause before she added, smiling, “You are lucky to have found each other. I am grateful for your help. I will meet you at the Rift tomorrow at twilight. Enjoy your night together.”
In the end (what?), Tony undoes the rune and both of the stones vanish—except that was the whole point of all this, wasn’t it?
The sound Tony makes is a mix between a groan and a laugh. “Steve, that’s the best thing I’ve ever heard,” he says, looking incredibly turned-on, and that’s because of Steve. He wants Steve, so badly that his cock is hard, dripping with precum between them when he kisses Steve again, their tongues tangling together, hot and filthy and full of want. Steve grinds against Tony, searching for friction, which makes them both moan.
“No, Captain. It isn’t Midgard this time,” Fury says. “The entire world is in danger. And we need your help to stop the world from ending.”
With this, there will be no one else in the world to remember what it used to be. No more war. Finally. No one left to fight. Tony sinks his teeth down, and—
“Yeah. Okay. Okay, thanks, J,” Tony manages. At least JARVIS is here to deal with Tony again if necessary. It’s not enough to settle his racing pulse, but at least he can’t get anywhere with JARVIS monitoring him. Not this time, now that JARVIS knows that could be a threat. That Tony is a threat. The countermeasures have always been there, dialed up now.
“Fuck, what was that,” Tony says. “Steve, what’s happening to you,” he asks, terror closing around his voice, making it hoarse with urgency. “You, your hand—”
Tony laughs, a clear sound. His eyes catch the colors of the sunset, beautiful. Steve sighs. There won’t be enough for this yearning to really settle in. He wishes there were.
“I’m not sure if that helps,” Bruce says, but he’s smiling fondly when he says it. “Last time you dropped by on a social visit…”
me? Should I be offended? Is Strange too busy making deals with demons to fight back demon incursions this time of year?”
Tony doesn’t know how to stop fighting. But apparently Steve doesn’t know how to hate him or give up, damn that idiot, why can’t he take lessons from the rest of the world?
“People don’t buy those anymore,” she says. She goes to grab another bouquet of flowers, pausing slightly, lips parting before she smiles. “This one likes you. You should take it.”
The anger inside him keeps melting back into grief, searing loss of what they could’ve had together. Is this what Steve felt like every single time, when he woke up to a different world? To a world that never changed the way he wanted it to, that never kept anything for him?
A laugh echoes through the world, shaking it. Steve, he’s Steve. He doesn’t want to hear that laugh, it doesn’t mask the hurt in that voice. It sounds like it’s supposed to fix what’s broken but it can’t.
“Tony...” Hands are coming around him in some sort of embrace, and this is a hug, not fighting, this is warmth, not ice. This is Steve’s voice cracking in a promise, “It’s okay, it’s okay.”
Tony splays his hand, the metal spreading and covering his skin smoothly, like liquid. It glints red, lined by gold. “Y’know, I may have let you in here, but you’re not going to leave with anything,” Tony says lightly. The air buzzes with energy, threatening. “Just because you’re immune to magic doesn’t mean you’re immune to weaponized runes.”
In the brief time they knew each other, Steve had memorized every line of Tony’s face: the set to his mouth when he was indignant; the way his brow pinched when he was concentrating; how his eyes grew hooded when he was feeling particularly ruthless.
He's half-convinced he's dreaming, but no dream has ever compelled such stress from his poor heart - not even the nightmares of Afghanistan, harsh voices and rough hands and him drowning in the dark.
“Let go of me,” he says, as Steve extends his arm. The air ripples where he points the stone, space twisting and tearing into what Tony realizes, with a clenching gut, is a portal. Within it swirls chaos, kaleidoscopic and terrible.
Tony’s mouth clicks shut. He watches, mute, as Steve visibly fights to regain his temper. Then, straightening, he starts, “I’ve given you a few days to absorb the situation, Tony. To think. Now, it’s time we discussed exactly who you are, and what your place is, here.”
Steve is pressing into him with a ferocity that borders on violence, all tongue and teeth and groping hands. Tony is frankly lost in it, when Steve pulls away just as abruptly, his fingers digging into Tony waist with bruising force.
Tony is amazed at the easy concession. He swallows hard as Steve’s thumb sweeps tenderly across the back of his hand. He is looking at Tony with open worship, and Tony sweats under the attention, so deeply at odds with what he knows of the man before him.
Of its own volition, his head tips forward. Their foreheads touch, his world narrowing to blue, blue, blue.
Tony hasn’t actually sat down to watch TV in what feels like years. Between projects and meetings and damage control and paperwork and public ventures and what time he makes for his few remaining friends, there’s never any left for such mundane things as this. It’s exceedingly strange for him, and its with discomfort that he settles on something vaguely familiar, that show with the talking sponge.
There are a hundred things Tony could say to that; a thousand curses and denials. He keeps quiet however, his whole will focused on not flinching as Steve takes his hand.
He’s about to question her when he sees how intently she’s studying him, hawkish gaze sweeping him from head to foot with an intensity that puzzles him. Before he can classify her expression, however, the doctor turns away, a frown pinching her features.
Of course Steve isn’t so foolish as to leave the girl alone with him. Still, Tony has to swallow his disappointment. He nods a little, his eyes falling back to the comforter.
” Clint seethes, gesturing sharply at his bandaged shoulder, where the suspect’s repulsor blast nearly vaporized him. The Tony look-alike was dressed in normal -- if pricey -- clothes when Steve awoke, but the band around his wrist was able to summon the Iron Man suit from something called “nanobytes,” as he’d overheard.
Tony wants to punch him so, so badly, and as Steve releases his wrist, he thinks he’s found his chance - but then Steve’s pulling something out of the utility belt circling his waist, something sleek and remote-like -
“Morning, big guy,” he rasps, and turns. Steve towers over him, equal parts magnificent and terrible. He’s wearing the dark armor Tony first spotted him in, a fortified but sleek ensemble of kevlar and leather and titanium alloy. It’s a superior version of the stealth suit Tony glimpsed his Steve in, once or twice, and as Tony takes him in he has the thought that it, too, is his design.
“Natasha,” Steve says smoothly, his own shoulders setting. A queer tension clouds the air between them, nipping at Steve’s gut. He understands, as T’Challa rounds the table to stand beside Natasha, that he will not like what news she brings.
“Poisoned—what are you talking about? Steve. Oh gods. Steve. You. What.” Tony closes the distance between them. “What the Hel were you thinking?”
Tony laughs. “Yeah,” he agrees with a trace of wonder in his voice, a hint of reverence. When Steve glances over, he catches Tony looking at him. Tony looks back at the rift quickly. “You must be used to things like this,” he says. “I mean, you’re ancient and pretty much ageless. That’s a good way to sightsee all the wonders of the world, be there when history is made.”
Steve folds his casual clothes to the side, slips into the spring, doesn’t miss the inhale of breath beside him.
Steve examines Tony‘s suit. It’s the first time Steve has felt underdressed, even in his own Knight armor. Steve feels like a relic, a memory, whereas Stark’s suit is all bright red and gold and something that’s all about the now.
Time seems to be something Steve can’t argue with. He looks stricken, and there is a flare of anger, maybe out of the fact that Tony hadn’t shared all his ideas with mind controlled Steve. Or maybe he’s angry at himself for trusting Tony so much.
“She’s not saying we have nothing to do,” Tony says. “She’s saying we have to do nothing. I bet you hate that, don’t you.”
Steve glances at him. He thinks looking at Tony will reveal more about the state of Sokovia right now than looking at the lively—what appears to be—festival celebration, because Tony knows what Sokovia is supposed to be like.
, but he’s grinning and happy and laughing. “Yeah?” he asks, and leans in to kiss Steve, sweetly and carefully like someone who’s afraid Steve is a ghost.
“Favor changes like the weather, you know. Steve, why… you have so much faith in people you’ve just met,” Tony says, still not looking at Steve. “Why didn’t you have any in me?”
“Really, what, you can do psychic readings now? What’s your Word worth to me?” Tony asks. “Aren’t you supposed to be all counter-magic?”
“You don’t have to come in. Just, if you want.” Tony smiles back, hopeful. And so… so fond that Steve’s mouth goes dry. Tony seems to have decided that he wants to convince Steve to join him. “Take a break, Steve. Breaks are good.”
“Woah, woah,” Tony cuts in, jaw slack in a way that Steve now can identify as hurt, wishes he couldn’t. “What, you think I just adopted a griffin? That’s not how this works. No griffin adoption centers around here. If anything, Giselle adopted me as her human.”
“I’m not your Knight, you can’t order me,” Tony says. “Steve, you can’t order me to let you do this alone.”
“We need to see the Scarlet Witch,” Tony says. “She’s the High Witch of Sokovia, and I’m guessing she’s the one behind this.”
“This is a graveyard,” Tony says, looking haunted. The whispers louden, telling Tony to look at what he could’ve prevented. He doesn’t hear them at all, just stares at the white flowers bunched up on the floor, by a rock. They seem withered now, bleeding black, cobwebs glistening on them. “And there was a survivor,” Tony says quietly, and the tone makes Steve think Tony hears the spirits’ voices anyway. “The witch…”
(Maybe it’s thanks to Steve Rogers, protecting Tony in some messed up way from his grave. Thanks, Steve.)
“This is the first time I’ve seen something like this,” Steve says. “Magic used to be a lot more… incantation based. It was all about order, even when it brought destruction. Now it’s just…”
Tony makes a noise. “Fun,” he says. “Not making exits is a great way of ensuring you have a party going.”
“Yes,” Steve says, surprised by the tone. The fire wasn’t a long time ago, not in his memory, but people always treat what happened to him like some ancient, glorious history. And not just a casual experience, like Tony could be asking anybody else that too. “They’ve done some… remodeling,” he adds, delicately. You never know who’s got a spell in the walls.
Steve could hear Tony huffing and the rustling of the sheets. This was his chance. Steve made his way to the bedroom, quick long strides. He already lost enough time.
Yet none of it compared to Steve’s behaviour at dinner. At first, he thought maybe the super soldier was attempting to flirt, then when his eyes and lips started twitching, Tony assumed he was having a stroke. By the time Steve started asking about screwdrivers and stood right in front of Tony with his crotch on eyelevel, he was sure Steve was having a psychotic breakdown.
Nat sighed and shook her head. “Come on Tony don’t tell me you haven’t noticed it. I mean really think about the last couple of months.”
Now, Tony Stark is the king of books. He owned a small bookstore between Queens and Brooklyn just off Forest Park and he loved it. He loved spending his day reading, talking to customers and every day he went across the street to the little bakery, run by a lovely lady called May, or Aunt May as she insisted, he call her. Aunt May made the best pastries Tony had ever tasted.
For the rest of the hike Clint and Tony spend grumbling and complaining about having to go on a hike, all the while Tony tried his best not to stare at Steve’s backside in front of him. Meanwhile Thor stopped sulking and realised that hiking through a jungle was a lot of fun. He had a blast pointing out all the animals he could see, and Bruce did his best to help him identify them. Thor was especially fond of the colourful birds all around them as well as the delicate butterflies, that seemed to have taken a liking to him, a few of them landing on him. Bruce laughed at the sheer ridiculousness of the picture of the blond god with pretty little butterflies on his shoulders and arms.
Blond guy straightened himself and turned around in one movement and in doing so managed to splash some paint on himself as well as on Tony.
Her nephew Peter still worked in his shop three days a week even though Tony had told him to stay with his aunt and take care of her. As expected, Aunt May had insisted that he go anyway, and Tony was sure it was just as much because she knew how much Peter liked the little bookshop, as she craved some time to herself.
Steve sat up and ran a hand over his face. Right, this was ridiculous. He got up and walked to the bathroom as if splashing some water onto his face was going to change anything. Looking at himself in the mirror Steve shook his head. “Get your shit together, Rogers.” He mumbled to himself and ran a hand through his blonde hair.
For a long time, all that could be heard in the room, were Clint, Steve and Thor dotting over the bundle of fluff that Clint had named “Lucky”.
“No. No more plans, Nat. No more schemes, no more games.” Clint sat up from where he was lying next to Bruce. “We’ve done enough.”
A deafening silence followed. Tony was holding his breath, too scared to make even the smallest of noises. He expected Steve to start yelling, cursing, stay silent, anything. He didn’t expect him to smile.
Bruce and Clint proceeded to explain the rules of Texas Hold’Em to Steve and Thor, but Steve wasn’t really listening. It was very untypical for him to be that unfocused and easily distracted. But lately his mind seemed to just wander off without him having any say in it. Daydreaming has never really been his thing until recently and it was unnerving!
The way his face lit up was just too sweet to disturb. Tony was just vividly describing how he made Steve eat dust when he caught Nat staring at him. Her intense gaze made Steve flinch a little and frown in confusion. She just rolled her eyes and her attention returned to Tony gesturing wildly like he always did when telling a story. A little awkwardly Steve excused himself and went upstairs to take a shower and freshen up.
Thor grinned at Steve, who had that far away look on his face he always got when thinking about Tony. “The question you must ask yourself is: Is the happy life you could have greater than the risk of him not loving you as well.”
There were pictures of him too. Long hair, the hint of a beard, like he hadn’t had the time to shave properly, an olive-green cap pulled deep over his face, almost completely shading his blue eyes. Tired eyes. Panicked eyes. He looked, by every definition, like a man on the run. Chased. Hunted.
“Mornin’” His voice sounded way too hoarse, so Tony cleared his throat and tried again. “Morning, Cap. Good run?” He could hear Natasha sniggering next to him.
Tower, therefore it’s all of our home.” Tony was about to reply, but Bruce didn’t give him a chance to get going, holding up a second finger. “Second, Nat, next time you feel like pulling a prank and change the yogurt to mayonnaise you might wanna reconsider. And Tony, I would think twice when you are about to use my lab and leave it in such a state that I first have to clean up for two days!”
Just as he was about to turn his heard, he heard Natasha calling from downstairs. She must have seen him through the window. “Hey Rogers, come down here!”
Thor’s confident smile gradually dropped, as Nat kept staring at him. Eventually he picked up his drink, like the rest of them.
Steve blinked a few times until his brain finally caught up with him and he quickly turned around. “Dear god.” He mumbled, shaking his head.
The fact that Pepper handled all business concerning Stark Industries and Fury and Steve himself took care of anything regarding the Avengers, paired with Tony's reluctance to elaborate what kind of business he had to take care of just confirmed Steve's suspicion that this was about something else entirely.
With his one hand remaining on Steve’s knee, Tony lifted the soldiers chin with the other. The moment their eyes met, Tony’s heart broke into a million little pieces. Those beautiful blue eyes reflected hurt and heartache and so, so much love, Tony never thought possible.
Balancing his sketch book on his knee, Steve started drawing, not bothering to tell Thor to hold still. He knew better than that.
Steve came here to capture the magnificent beauty of the flowers and trees, but the image of Thor sitting on the soft jungle floor, surrounded by colourful butterflies, smile brighter than the sun was just to pretty not to draw.
Steve’s moist hair was clinging to his forehead, his entire body tense, his face scrunched up, eyes hard. Tony couldn’t remember the last time he’d seen his Captain like that. His Captain? He meant THE Captain! Shaking his head ever so slightly, Tony focused once more on the man in front of him, trying his best not to stare too obviously at Steve’s bulging biceps.
“What’s that about?” He asked out loud, not particularly addressing the man next to him. But Bruce answered anyways.
Steve turned to the others and put on his best fake smile. “Right, shall we see who can fit the most marshmallows in their mouth?”
“Are you shitting me Stark? That man is crazy about you! And trust me if he’s gonna leave your ass it’s gonna be because of the snoring and not some deep freeze killer soldier who’s messed up eyeliner makes him look like a racoon.” Rhodey was as lovingly as usual. And as usual his words had managed to calm Tony down. There was a reason they had stayed friends for so long.
“I-“ Steve didn’t know what to say, so he just stepped aside, so the others could see the table behind him. It was laden with food. There were Nat’s favourite ice cream flavours, the pasta Bruce liked so much, three different kinds of coffee for Clint, cheeseburgers for Tony and a variety of pop tarts for Thor, as well as a huge variety of other food. And a big bowl of marshmallows.
Now Natasha was sitting on one of the deck chairs next to Steve, looking out over the pool where Thor was having a little nap on his inflatable unicorn, a little bottle of black nail varnish next to her. She had already painted her toes and her right hand as she picked up the little brush with her bandaged hand and tried to paint the nails on her left, which turned out to be much more challenging than she had imagined. She muttered a string of curses in multiple languages but didn’t give up until she missed and painted her finger instead of the nail. More curses followed.
“Peter. Now let me see your hand so I can back to doing something worthwhile.” Strange examined Tony’s hand, making him flex and relax his fingers and rotate his wrist to assess the damage.
"Why? Why do you need to go away on our first Christmas together? And don't you dare say you have to take care of business because we both know that's bullshit!"
Tony’s eyes moved over to where Steve was sitting. He had a big victorious grin plastered on his face. A blush had crept up his neck, making his cheeks glow and Tony’s knees weak. Good thing he was sat down.
Tony looked over at his teammate, like he just noticed that there was someone else besides Steve sitting at the table. Steve could have sworn that for a brief moment there was disappointment on Tony’s face, before the man had his facial expressions back under control.
Half an hour later Steve was downstairs with the rest of the team, helping them decorate the Christmas tree. There was an excessive amount of tinsel everywhere and Steve could have sworn that Clint had more on himself than there was on the tree. None of the very colourful orbs matched and all in all it looked like boxes of Christmas decorations from five different families had thrown up on their tree.
Bruce blinked, lost for words. “That… that’s… thank you!” He pulled Thor into a hug, which really meant something, since Bruce never ever hugged anyone.
Tony leaned his back against the door and slowly glided down onto the floor. Pulling his legs up to his chest with his arms wrapped around them, he leaned his head against his knees.
Now he sat in the chair next to Aunt May’s hospital bed, the same cup of coffee he had with him since he left the house still clutched in his hand.
“Mmh?” Steve knew that sound. It meant “unless the world is ending, you have coffee, or some other hot stuff to give to me you better walk away quickly”. It made Steve smile every time.
As he walked up the stairs Tony didn’t hear Natasha tell Clint that she was sure this was going to work, he didn’t hear Bruce explaining to Thor why Steve was so upset, and he also didn’t hear the four of them brainstorming better ways to get him and Steve together. What he did hear was Steve pacing in his room, heard him talking to himself. Steve never talked to himself, so this was all kinds of red flags. And who was Tony to back away from a red flag. hat would insinuate him being sane.
The next morning Tony was sitting on the second-floor sundeck with the rest of the Avengers, sans Steve, having breakfast. Well, the term breakfast was maybe a bit of a stretch, since all Tony consumed was an unholy amount of coffee and one of his smoothies. And it wasn’t for lack of choice, the table was laden with fruits, pancakes and waffles, bacon and eggs and of course Pop Tarts for Thor. Bruce had for once allowed someone to help him in the kitchen and Clint made freshly baked croissants. And even though everything looked amazing, Tony just couldn’t eat in the morning. Quite the opposite was true for the rest of the group, especially Thor.
Looking at the coin after it landed back in Nat’s hand, Tony sighed in relief. “Honestly, I don’t think Cap could handle that first dance scene.”
Steve kissed the still confused Tony on the cheek, while Bruce continued to stare down at his bracelet from Thor.
Steve knew he had lost the fight, that there was no way he was going to Romania without her. He also knew that he had gone too far with her and most of all with Tony, but they didn’t know. Didn’t know about his agony, about how guilty he felt about Bucky. He should have kept him safe, just like Bucky had when Steve was young.
Rage exploded within Tony and he saw red. In two quick steps he was on Hammer’s neck, pushing him away from Peter into a bookshelf behind him. Before he could even think about controlling himself, not that he planned on doing that anytime soon, and let his fist rain down on Hammer’s face, wiping that smug expression off.
He just had to play it cool. Pretend like nothing was going on. He slept in a little. He was on vacation so that was perfectly normal. And now he was getting some coffee. That was also normal.
“Because you love Tony.” Steve opened his mouth to protest, but Natasha didn’t give him the chance to do so. “Don’t argue with me, Rogers. You are a little smitten kitten. And the fact that you do absolutely nothing about it makes you a giant idiot.”
Hammer had said that he would pay for this and he was sure the guy wasn’t lying. And now that he knew how much Peter meant to Tony, he wouldn’t put it past him to use the kid to get back at him.
Tony had finally recovered from his shock and made his way over to them. “Cap, you really keep surprising me with that mouth of yours.”
Without another word Clint climbed into the bed next to Tony, or at least he tried to. One of the things his past lovers always complained about, was that when Tony slept, and heaven knows that wasn’t often, he took up the whole bed like a starfish, all of his limbs stretched out in every direction, leaving no room for anyone else.
Since they had returned from their little island holiday five months ago where he and Tony finally got together, Steve had slept a total of 10 nights in his room.
“Fine, but I’m not getting dressed.”  Tony mumbled, putting on the apron. It had an image of a woman’s body in a bikini on it.
He didn’t even look at Steve. And that hurt the most. But he couldn’t expect Tony to just forgive him like that for how he had treated him last night. Just thinking about the way he shoved Tony against the wall and the way he had spoken to him with his voice full of anger made Steve feel very uncomfortable. Remembering how he had pressed his body against Tony’s- No! He really, really needed to stop thinking about Tony like that. There was just no point. Even if Tony wouldn’t be pissed at him, nothing would ever come of this and the sooner Steve accepted that, the better.
Finally, Tony stopped the pacing and went to the living room. Just as Steve was about to get up and follow him, Tony returned with a file in his hand.
Once they exited the plane, both Steve and Tony, and Natasha and Clint, walked straight past Fury and disappeared out of site to continue their little honeymoon phase.
Steve’s heart was beating about twice as fast as humanly possible and he could feel a blush creeping up his neck.
Nat raised her eyebrow at Bruce. No one ever dared to interrupt her, not even Clint, let alone Bruce. “Tasha, Clint is right, we have done enough. Steve is in his room, probably packing his things to leave, while Thor and Tony are downstairs both of them in a state, I never thought I would see them in. I don’t think more meddling would do anyone any good!”
"I know! You see? I know all this. I know that Christmas is special and all and that it's important for families and you have presents and nice food and tinsel. Oh God so much tinsel! But... I don't. I don't have a family or presents or food. I mean I do now but not then. You see? My Christmas always was my father shouting at me and drinking and then shouting at my mother and then later I was drinking and shouting at him. Like him. And I had Jarvis, the real one, at the beginning when I was a kid but he's gone. And now you are here. And them. And we are a family. And what if all my families do on Christmas is shout and drink? I don't want that. That's why I wanted to leave. I rather not spend the holidays with you than spend them fighting. But then we were fighting about me leaving so we wouldn't fight and I had to come back because... I love you. And I want you to be happy and I hate fighting with you! So I'll try. I am trying. To do Christmas. Like normal people. With you."
“I’m really sorry about this. Didn’t notice you behind me. Quite sneaky, aren’t ya?” Blond guy asked and looked up at Tony, flashing a brilliant smile. The blue of blond guys eyes was so intense, that Tony was almost certain that it couldn’t be real. No one had eyes like that. No one had such pink lips. Maybe he was dreaming. Did he fall asleep in his shop again?
Clint himself wore an apron that looked like a French maid costume, Thor’s had flames on them, Nat’s depicted Wonder Woman and Steve’s said “Grumpy Old Man” on it, while Bruce’s was just plain black.
As soon as they had Bucky safe in the compound, she would make sure Steve apologized to Tony or so help her god. Or whoever.
Obviously now everyone had caught onto the fact that something was up and being true to their nature, they instantly started bombarding Thor with questions, knowing better than to try to break Steve’s silence.
His determination about confronting Tony about his feelings for him had faded completely. It just wasn’t meant to be. This was the sign he had waited for the whole day. He was about to make a move and it didn’t work so it was better to just give up. The universe has spoken.
“You’re an idiot.” She said matter of factly, not even looking at him. And really there was no point in arguing because for one thing there barely ever was a point in arguing with Nat and secondly, she was right. He was an idiot.
“Let’s make it really big!” And off they went to collect all the blankets and pillows in the house, leaving him and Natasha alone in the living room.
When Clint didn’t return from downstairs after twenty minutes, Nat and Bruce went to investigate, expecting something must have happened.
“That could be fun.” Tony put his bag down next to the bed and went to have a look in the minibar. Nothing like a little drink to start off a holiday. He poured himself a Scotch, took a sip and closed his eyes. “Perfect.”
He shook his head. He couldn’t do it. Couldn’t look him in the eyes, because it was those eyes that first made Steve realize that he was truly and madly in love with Tony. He could get lost in those eye for days and be thankful for it.
Thinking back at to the breakfast that morning and the THING Thor had accidentally revealed to him, made Tony rethink the whole Steve-flirting-with-him-Theory. But surely that hadn’t been flirting?!
“Okay, who wants to start with opening their present?” Thor asked, barely able to contain all of his excitement.
It went on like that for the better part of an hour until they finally admitted that they both were “the greatest warriors alive”, as Thor put it, and called it a truce.
Tony’s mood lifted a considerably. “Thanks Clint! This is just what I need.” He was genuinely happy about it and would guard it as one of his most prized possession.
Steve jumped to his feet, off the sofa, to get away from the hoard (can you call five people a hoard?) that was coming for him. Nat and Tony where right on his tail, Steve backing away until his back hit the wall and there was nowhere else to go.
And even though he just wanted to listen to Tony’s laugh all day, there was something else he had to do. “Well, Tony, I dare you to buy a toy phone, walk up to a stranger and tell them there’s someone on the phone for them.”
“Prepare for a crushing defeat, Widow!” Thor called from onto a white unicorn with a rainbow-coloured mane.
Tony was lying in bed, splayed out like a starfish on his stomach, his upper body was naked and maybe the rest of it too, but the blanket covered the lower half of his body. Steve couldn’t see his face, but he knew what it looked like when Tony was asleep. It was the only time the inventor looked calm and not like he was thinking of a million things at once.
That was until one beautiful morning he walked to his shop and saw builders in May’s bakery. The first thing he noticed that the sign above the store no longer read “Aunt May’s” but instead “THRIS-TEA”. Something was wrong. Very wrong.
“Well technically it wasn’t an eating competition. It was a stuff-food-into-your-mouth competition. That’s different.” Tony chimed in, earning him an annoyed eyeroll from Nat.
Peter looked from Tony to the man standing uncomfortably close to him and frowned. “Uhm I’m not Mister Stark’s son. I just work here.”
Tony knew better than to get between Clint and his sweets. The guy’s eating habits were almost as bad as Thor’s. Almost.
“I’m already spoiled! Let’s play dare or dare!” By now Clint was jumping up and down on the spot right in front of Natasha. If they hadn’t been a conspicuous group before, now they certainly were. People were looking at Clint bouncing like a rubber ball, probably wondering what the hell was wrong with him. To be honest the rest of the group was wondering that as well about each other, but it was best not to go there.
He continued to stand there, staring at Steve’s bedroom door for a moment, until his hands stopped shaking before he went into his own room, closing the door gently, as if to make up for Steve slamming his.
Steve’s head snapped around. “No! No truth!” After the whole “Never Have I Ever” fiasco the last thing he needed was another game of forced confessions.
Tony frowned and shook his head. “No. Maybe a bit. But-“ He immediately stopped talking, when he noticed how Thor buried his face in a cushion. “No. Oh no, no. Thor I’m not upset with you! Why would I?”
Steve must have noticed Tony’s confused look, because he took a deep breath and shook his head again. “Sorry Tony. I… didn’t sleep well last night.”
Both Sam and Natasha nodded, even though she had a lot of problems with his plan, staring with the fact that he was going in there alone. Sure, Captain America could more than take care of himself against your everyday villain, but the Winter Soldier, or Bucky, was everything but normal. She had the scar to prove it. She saw what he had done to Steve on the helicarrier one year ago. But she knew if she said something now, it would only end in an argument again and the last thing Steve needed before heading into a potentially dangerous situation was to be agitated. So, she grid her teeth and nodded.
“You will pay for this, Stark.” Hammer spit out blood in front of Tony’s feet and pushed Peter away from the door to get out. Tony didn’t even have the chance to go after him, blonde guy’s grip tightened around his arms as if he knew what Tony was thinking. Then again it wasn’t that hard to guess.
Upon hearing those words, Tony turned white as a sheet. The pain in his hand was instantly forgotten.
When Steve walked up the stairs to the second floor, he could already hear Tony announce to everyone how he beat the great Steve Rogers, Captain America, the first super soldier.
The other man grabbed Steve by the shoulder and threw him to the ground, behind the kitchen counter, just as a hail of bullets rained down where they just stood.
Tony’s face lit up with almost manic joy, while Nat’s eyes were glistening with curiosity. Behind them Bruce, Clint and Thor got off the sofa as well, each of them grinning widely.
From his room Tony could oversee the whole bay beneath him, as well as the pool right outside his window. He could also see right into Steve’s bedroom.
Inhaling deeply, Steve took a run-up to gain enough speed to jump the gap between this building and the roof opposite it. He landed hard on his shoulder, the impact punching the air out of his lungs. But Steve didn’t stop, following the shadow of Sam’s wings he sprinted to where he assumed Bucky was.
Precisely ten minutes later the team had assembled in the briefing room. Clint was still in his pyjamas, his head resting on the table. The others only looked scarcely more awake than the archer, but at least they were dressed.
At least it wasn’t until Nat and Tony came up with a way to make it harder for Clint to play. For reasons unknown Nat had a blindfold with her which was now covering Clint’s eyes, then they spun him around in circles for half a minute, removed the blindfold and gave him three seconds to throw the dart.
So, he was sitting here instead, file in hand, bag at his feet, waiting. He didn’t want to wake Tony because Heavens knew that was a bad idea. The man slept little enough as it was.
During lunch he did his best to subtly watch Tony as to not miss any signs, all the while missing how Tony was fully aware of Steve watching him. There was a reason Steve was a soldier and not a spy.
When they eventually broke their embrace, Steve looked down at Tony, his eyes full of love and adoration.
They found Tony and Thor facing each other, still hugging, while Clint was basically clinging to Tony’s back, spooning him.
After the events of the past year and his take-down of Hydra, and subsequently S.H.I.E.L.D, after he had found out who the Winter Soldier really was, Steve had spend every free minute that he wasn’t with Tony or dealing with the regular Avengers business, looking for his long lost friend.
Steve snorted and put his hands on his hips, stepping closer to Tony, towering over him. “Is that how you want it?”
Clint noticed the tension in Nat’s shoulder and came up behind her, hands gently massaging her hard muscles. “Don’t worry.”
Blond guy got up from his knees and stood in front of Tony, towering over him. “It used to be a bakery. The owner sold it to me a couple of weeks ago. Now it’s a tea shop. Or at least it’s going to be.” His voice was clam and collected but Tony could tell that something in blond guys behaviour had shifted. He sounded defensive, which in turn reminded Tony that this man wasn’t to be gawked at, but to be put in his place. And his place was not here.
They could all physically feel Nat’s eyeroll, even though it wasn’t visible through her dark sunglasses.
So, he informed Pepper of the situation and without hesitation she hired the best doctor and took care of all the bills, as well as setting up an emergency fund for them and since it was Pepper paying for all of it, Tony technically didn’t break his promise.
Steve on the other hand, was taking notes, his frown so intense his eyebrows were almost touching. He was clearly upset that they weren’t able to catch the perpetrators. Not that everyone else was happy about it, but it upset Steve the most. Tony knew he regarded the two of them as the leaders of the Avengers and he also knew how much Steve got upset about failure. Mind you not the failure of others, but of himself.
Coffee in hand, Tony crossed the street. He was sure this was just a big misunderstanding and that the workers got the address wrong and that they meant to renovate some other store far away from here.
It took Steve a second to realise what had just happened. “Hey!” He called after Tony and gave chase. It wouldn’t have been difficult to catch up and overtake the inventor, but watching Tony run for his pride and the triumphant smile he shot him after reaching the house first, was even better than winning himself.
Steve’s eyes quickly shifted over to Nat, who shook her head ever so slightly. This wasn’t her doing. Accepting his fate, Steve sat down next to Tony. The fort was big, but they were six people, one of them a God with more muscles than two normal humans, and a super soldier with shoulders wider than a mile, making this a very tight space indeed. Steve tried to scooch as far to the side as possible, but he couldn’t avoid physical contact with Tony. Yet there was no way around their legs and hips touching. He knew both of them would be more comfortable if Steve would wrap his arm around Tony’s shoulder instead of it being wedged between their bodies, but he couldn’t do that. It would just be too intimate.
But Tony would rather Steve be angry than hurt. Anger Tony could deal with, he had experienced a great deal of that from other people in his life. But hurt? That was something that brought Tony to his knees, in this case quite literally.
“That was planned?” Tony asked and now it was his turn to burry his head in his hands. Even with his brain working as fast as it did, and it did work very fast, he couldn’t comprehend the information he was just given. It was just too much. Steve liked, no loved, him. How was that possible? How could he not have known earlier? And what was he supposed to do now?
“And SHIELD will do everything in our power to find them. And when we do, we need you to be at full strength. So, we are going to send you on a little holiday.”
“Do not worry, I will take the Green Man upstairs.” Thor picked up Bruce, like he weighed nothing and disappeared up the stairs to their floor with him.
They were all still sitting on the sofa, Steve practically wedged between Nat and Clint, as if to make sure he won’t get away, while Tony sat between Thor and Bruce. Instead of heaps of food, there was now a diverse and extensive collection of booze on the couch table. Apart from the usual stuff like Vodka, Whiskey and Tequila, there was also some of Thor’s Asgardian alcohol, since it was the only thing that could get him and Steve drunk. How convenient, that he brought four bottles of it with him.
Clint immediately knew what was going on in her mind and was by her side in a second, leaning in close to whisper in her ear. “Don’t. You can take care of Steve later. Thor needs us now.”
Steve half expected Natasha to argue with him and was actually surprised when she didn’t. Maybe on an ordinary day her lack of protest would have made him pause and rethink, but not today. The time for overthinking had past and it was time to finally act.
Blonde guy, whose name Tony still didn’t know, drove Peter and him to the same hospital Aunt May was released from just weeks ago. And there was him hoping they wouldn’t have to see the inside of this place again in a while.
It took Natasha a great deal of self-control not to storm upstairs, kick in the door to Steve’s bedroom and make him feel sorry for ever waking up from the ice. It was one thing to be angry at her, that was fine, after all it was her stupid idea with the game. But he was not allowed to talk to Thor like that. For all his muscles and his being a god and all, everyone knew that Thor was a big softy inside. He cries during Disney movies. He got upset when someone was trying to kill a spider. Every time someone was feeling bad for whatever reason, he was the first trying to cheer them up. Thor was a ray of sunshine, his favourite pyjamas had unicorns on them for heaven’s sake! And after Thor opened up to everyone last night, about him not being sure if they were friends, let alone a family, such a comment from Steve was just unacceptable.
Steve watched as his best friend sank to the ground unconscious and a burning fury took over his body. He was so consumed by his anger, that he didn’t even notice the jet landing just a few strides away from them. Before Steve could do anything stupid, he might have regretted later, Natasha’s voice rang out behind him.
“How about the new compound? The government has no idea where it is, it has more than enough room and it’s about as secure as it can get.” Clint suggested.
They had landed on the roof of the building Bucky, according to the file, lived in. He had decided to enter in his civilian cloths and not as Captain America, just bringing his shield with him. No weapons. He was confident that Bucky would recognise him, just like before, and that he wouldn’t even need Sam as backup.
“Yes I know, he was brainwashed and forced to do it, but that doesn’t change the governments opinion of him.”
Satisfied, Nat watched them drink. All of them were a little tipsy, even Steve and that was the important part. The more drunk someone was, the worse they were at lying and what she needed right now was for Steve to be as bad a liar as possible.
Thor leaned over to Bruce and whispered quite loudly. “Is the Captain enraged because he lost the game?”
Everyone watched Natasha and Steve’s exchange, eyes darting between them like in a tennis match. Neither of them was willing to back down, and of the first time Tony was happy about her stubbornness.
Tony had the urge to pull Peter into a hug and ensure him that he would never allow anyone to hurt him in any way. But judging by the look of the kid that was probably a bad idea. So instead he just shook his head.
Every day blonde guy waltzed into the construction site that was to become a tea shop and every day he smiled and waved over to Tony’s shop as if he knew Tony was watching him. But blonde guy never came over to say hi and neither did Tony. Hell, he didn’t even know blonde guy’s name. Not that he wanted to know. It would be easy enough to find out but that would imply that Tony cared, and he did not.
All he wanted was to turn back time and undo the last 48 hours. Go back to before they played that stupid game. Technically he still needed to drink, because he absolutely had fantasised about a certain team-mate, and not only once.
Tony raised an eyebrow at the kid and picked up his book again to hide his smile. He was glad that Aunt May still insisted on Peter working in the shop, even though, or maybe because, the kid was such a chaotic but lovable dumbass.
“Can’t wait.” With that he turned around to go upstairs to go shower and get changed and Tony’s gaze automatically dropped down to Steve’s ass. He wouldn’t mind running after that.
“I think poker sounds great!” He said way too loud, which earned him a scrutinizing look from Natasha. Great. Steve knew all too well that nothing passed by this woman even, or especially, if you tried to hide it.
“It does,” Tony agrees slowly, then claps his hands. “Well, thanks Loki, Thor. Guess it’s time to disband.”
“Those are the regional ghost-whisperers,” she says. When she touches the stem, it glows red before it flutters away, too. She laughs. “They are used to speak to the dead.”
Thanos doesn't laugh mockingly, but his smirk is one of cruel, wry amusement. Self-loathing, Tony recognizes. “The soul stone does not take the soul of the wielder, Stark. We both found that out the hard way. Keep your mind stone. What’s done is done.”
In the edge of his vision, he can still see his own reflection, still hear his laughter mixing with Steve’s moans.
Steve has his moments when he approves and tells Tony how proud he is, and Tony can’t take it because he’s the only one to say that without the subtext of
“Ah. Um.” Steve looks around. Tony is standing a fair distance from him. “Yes. Anniversary. My partner, he’s fond of white flowers.” He points at a single flower in a pot. “What’s this flower?” he asks, examining the petals.
“I guessed.” Determination sharpens Steve’s features, makes him look more alive. He must be glad to have a definable problem. “You just confirmed it,” he says. “We’ll skip the part where I’m pissed at you for not telling me. Why are you dying, and how long do we have to fix this?”
Tony can attack right now. Steve is the last of the Underground, the resistance group. When Tony stops him, his job is finally done.
“No, it’s—” Steve sighs, softening his tone. “I don’t blame you if you don’t want me. I’m not very good for you, and I know we don’t have the most civil of relationships.”
Steve glances at Tony, surprised that Tony is jumping to defend him. Somewhat. Considering the other man’s demeanor so far, this seems to count as defending him. Steve smiles, just a little. “Asgard’s royal family is more together than I remember,” he says, looking back at Loki.
Thor laughs, bringing Tony in for a hug as well. He claps him on the back of his suit, more gently than he did Steve. “I am glad to see you are faring alright, Anthony.”
Steve backs off, standing on the other side of the very small washroom. The moment is drawn out, hanging over them like a trial, unsure of who’s the judge and who’s the executioner. Tony is used to being looked at—he’s more wary of being seen.
Steve smiles despite the worry that lodged in his chest. Tony looks rested, his magic humming around them in a non-intrusive way. He’d hesitated for only a moment before he slipped into the water. Tony looks—he looks good, without his armor covering everything.
He didn’t know that Tony would be coming whether Steve showed up at his door or not. Steve glances at Tony, who doesn’t spare him a glance back whatsoever. It seems like Tony Stark cares more about this than he let on.
“I couldn’t leave you,” Steve murmurs, voice rough, looking like he hates himself. Strange. Tony thought he had a monopoly on that. “They would’ve kept experimenting on you.”
,” he breathes, understanding now. “You’ve been deceiving me this entire time, just so you can live longer, right? Keep your enemies close and all that. Oh, that’s good, Steve. I didn’t expect it from you, you must’ve taken some lessons from Widow. You know—I can’t believe I considered letting you go. I thought you knew me.”
Tony blinks, surprised (what kind of person does he think Steve is and why?), and looks like he wants to say more, but Thor cuts in.
Steve doesn’t answer immediately. Tony carefully keeps his expression neutral. Steve smiles, a small smile. “Bucky only told it to people he trusted,” he says quietly, and Tony is glad that that is all he says about Bucky.
Tony looks at him, then makes a sound that’s almost like actual laughter. “Don’t worry, I’ll extend my criticism to the late king. You know, I was banned from using any spells on the book contents. Which somehow included using spells to skim
This is the same flower as the ones he saw around Wanda’s house. The same ones he saw at the orphanage. Wispy and white, a beautiful, mesmerizing look, bright even in the snowy Sokovia.
“Not at all!” She looks delighted to be able to talk about this. “It’s a forget-me-not. They usually only flower after the snow melts, but the Sokovian forget-me-not is strong. They answer to people with the same will.”
He touches Tony’s scales, too gently for comfort. Tony doesn’t do comfort. The notion makes him want to dive back into the ocean, to lurk in the deep abysses where he cannot be found. Instead, he’s got a tiny bathtub that barely fits him and a troublesome super soldier who’s on the run, staring at Tony and saying, “You’ve already healed.”
Not really. Steve didn’t want to knock down the entire building, which he probably could do if he wanted. All buildings have weaknesses. “There wasn’t a door,” Steve says.
“No, I’m here,” Steve whispers, smiling. This is what it’s like to gain a world. A future. A home. “I think I finally woke up.”
“I’m not going to tell them where you are,” Steve tells Bruce. Steve senses that Bruce, even though he doesn’t mention it, is bothered by Steve’s appearance. And not just by the fact that Steve was summoned by SHIELD.
Steve feels his heart sink. It’s not as firmly lodged in the ice anymore. The ice is melting, and it stings like molten wax. He manages a smile. “You think it suits me?”
Pepper, blessed be, never says anything like he created JARVIS so JARVIS must listen to him. But she does make a weird expression. Like she is hesitant about something.
Stark looks like he doesn’t know how to react to that, a slight widening of the eyes, stare blank. He ends up just laughing, a bark of wry amusement. “No,” he says. “I’m starting to think maybe you don’t take orders so well, Cap.”
“Be safe, Tony,” Steve says, exhaling. He takes a step closer to the swirling red and it flares, reaching out, trying to latch onto Steve. Steve locks his jaw.
Steve leans up to taste the smoke. He slides his eyes shut, but he can still see the glow, still sense Tony’s magic flowing around them, embracing Steve.
(Steve’s eyes flicker to where the Purple Man is grinning, glee in his eyes, murderous. A threat, directed at both of them. How much control does the Purple Man have over Tony? What if throwing Tony hors de combat results in consequences graver than what he can accept?)
Tony stands there for a moment, then says, “I am sorry,” in the most serious voice Steve’s heard him use with other people. “My speeches will never be enough for what happened to your country. I—I am sorry. I swear on my magic I mean no harm to you or yours.” He pours magic into his words, setting a binding oath, and Steve would sincerely believe his words even if Tony didn’t have a breath of magic in him.
Tony. That was reckless. Why do you do this?” Steve asks again, and Tony gets a little more scared every single time, doesn’t understand why Steve forgives what Tony seems to do every single time.
“I knew a pixie who was very good at that,” Steve says. “And at everything.” His eyes glaze over in reminiscence. “She loved magic.”
“You eat…” Steve looks sickened. He’s noticed that Tony doesn’t eat, then. His mind must be going through stories about mermaids, sirens, monsters. Tony’s not the only merperson to have existed, after all.
Yet Tony seems to not care. And maybe it’s not arrogance that makes him poke at Bruce (or at Steve).
“Well, no,” Tony says. “They wouldn’t let me stay the whole time, something about procedures, blah blah blah. Fury wasn’t very happy.” His expression darkens. “Neither am I. What the hell were you doing?”
“They would say it’s well-deserved,” Steve says. “And then I’d have to disappoint them by confessing it was due to the interior decoration, and not the politics.”
Tony’s gaze is bright enough that it burns through Steve. No one’s ever thought so much about Steve.
Steve arches an eyebrow, amused. He peers into the water, into the bowl of stars. He wants to reach down and cup the constellations, but they can’t be kept. He wonders if some of the stars he remembers from the past’s night skies have winked out already.
Maybe it’s easier to pretend that Steve doesn’t care, so Steve shakes his head. “It’s nothing important,” he says. “You don’t have to do anything for me.”
Tony really didn’t want Steve to see him like this. He’d stayed in his human form for a long time. While restrictive, it’s what Steve got used to. He feels a stab of frustration. Damn it. Even though this is on his own terms, he still hates it.
“Okay, fine. I am still Hydra,” he says, pulling Steve down into the tub. “I always will be. This is the future, Steve. You’re the man from the past stuck in the now. You need to accept this, or else—”
Steve opens his mouth, then closes it. Thinks. Fury wants them to work together for a reason. Steve isn’t as adverse to the idea as he was before. “Yes, you could,” Steve says. “But you don’t have to.”
“I wonder how she found the Aether,” Tony says. “How are we going to deal with this?” His lips curl down. “We can’t get near the rift without going all loopy and unstable.”
No… no. God. Scratch that. He’s elated. There’s no redemption in this story, no salvation, no heroes. They’re long past that. Long, long, long long fucking past that, and that’s why Tony laughs. He’s so happy that there are tears in his eyes.
“Oh,” Steve says. This week hasn’t always been about celebrations. Steve hasn’t been to festivals celebrating the veil fading before. Security must be much better now. “In my time, we hid behind masks and sacrifices. We were scared that spirits would come to haunt the living. Not this... happy about it,” he says, watching kids run laugh around a flower stand with all sorts of vibrant colors.
Tony narrows his eyes, a familiar fight in his eyes. “I think you don’t like talking about yourself,” he says. “I think you haven’t answered a single question I’ve asked that’s about you. I think,
“You know not much time has passed for me since we met,” Steve says. Thor looks older, he notices. More experienced. He seems to have grown a lot over the past century. That his genuineness remains strong makes Steve smile. “It’s been a few months for me, and you’re king now.”
“Is that an order, Captain?” Tony asks, twisting so he can face Steve. He bats his eyes and looks at him with a sideways smile, which seems to anger Steve further by the way Steve’s hand darts out to hold his arm. “Ooh,” he coos softly.
So many reasons, excuses, fade out of existence. It always matters, for them, but sometimes it doesn’t matter what the reason is. “I’m sorry,” Steve says.
“So you’re the spy circle,” Steve says, mildly surprised by the name, considering his own shield. He doesn’t show it, keeps an inexpressive face.
“To what?” Tony asks. “To what, Steve?” His words are fierce, and Steve hasn’t felt this kind of anger directed at him before, and it melts him.
Tony’s lips curve up. Finally. “Quite something, huh,” he says as he turns off the tap. He wants Steve to hear this.
“You’re making this—“ Steve takes a deep breath. “No,” he says, and who’s he trying to convince when he reaches out for Tony with hesitation weighing his hand down? “We don’t punish people for their potential. You believe in the future, don’t you? Just like how I believe in you. We see the good things. We also see the bad, but precaution is part of the job. Every… everybody has darker thoughts.”
“I wanted you to save me. I still do,” he doesn’t say, because he finds out how good a person Captain America is. He knows that, if he asks it of him, Cap will try, and when he inevitably fails, he’ll blame himself. No point in that.
Steve looks at his hand, his body. The world around him flickers, and he flickers, too. The Aether hasn’t decided which will win the future yet. The dream or the reality, and Steve’s not sure if he is a dream or reality, but he knows that Tony’s world is real.
He looks over to see Tony smiling at him. Steve shivers, a frisson heating his spine. Steve is not reacting properly to anything right now. It must be the rift. It might be the snow.
Fury takes out the crystal he keeps behind his eyepatch. So that’s what it is for. Natasha had wondered. “Wake up, Captain,” he says, activating the crystal to summon a shield.
“It’s fine,” Steve says quickly, throat constricting. He’s still shocked that Tony thought of— “A fake relationship.”
Tony loves her, he really does. If she asked him now to put it all away, he’d do it. Blow the suits to pieces, fireworks, a celebration.
“You… you want to listen?” Steve blinks, taken aback. A rush of emotion hits him, and his eyes sting a little. Nobody really asks Steve anything, they just tell him what to feel, what to believe, what to do. It was like that even before he became the Knight, when he was just a knight-in-training from a little county.
Tony laughs with the winds they ride, and Steve clings onto this feeling. The way they talk makes Steve forget, if just for a moment, where they’re headed and what Steve’s doing here, in this time. Steve should probably remind Tony of that.
Yet he still tries, so stubbornly. Tony wants to know why. That’s the only reason they’re both still here.
“Knock knock. You daydreaming there?” Tony drawls. “I don’t think dreaming is going to help anyone.”
“No. I’m out here, for once. This is me. All. Of. Me. See?” Tony licks his lips and smiles wide, all glittering teeth. His eyes glow purple. “
Steve cries at that. “You have severely underestimated what I am willing to do,” he says, hand curled around Tony’s neck. “You used Bucky’s memories to profile me, didn’t you? Tony… Bucky doesn’t know what happened after Bucky died.”
If Steve could be bruised, he would be painted purple, the ghost of Tony’s touch haunting him. But he’s not. He’s capable of healing, and Tony can’t let himself be Steve’s bleeding wound. He needs to close himself off, shut Steve out. Cauterize it before Steve’s mind gets infected even more by Tony.
The place shows all the wealth Steve is used to seeing (no, not used to, not really). It reminds Steve of the Faerie realm, when one of the Fae called upon Steve to defend herself. The Court was grand too, though in a different manner. It was all mysticism, flowers and candlelight, like walking in a dream.
“There usually isn’t such an extension,” Steve comments. He steps out of the summoning circle, the orange lines falling down to the ground, losing their magical shimmer and shifting back into the red of blood.
Tony blinks. “I mean, it could be that she just likes the flowers,” he says. “They’re pretty. Doesn’t have to mean that she expects him to die again.”
“It’ll take both of us to deal with that rune. You know it,” Steve says. “Or was that an order to a slave?” he asks, echoing Stark’s previous sentiment.
“Oh.” Steve looks to Giselle. “I—I didn’t mean that,” he says, even though part of him kind of did. The part that expects this kind of thing from humanity in general. “I’ve never seen a griffin not partnered up by the military, and you’re not military, so I…” he trails off. “I’m sorry.”
Tony arches an eyebrow, surprised to see that Steve means it. “I’ll follow you,” he says. He’s gotten the hang of lying to Steve. He’s had a lot of practice (has he?). “I’m on your side.”
A wave of anger hits Steve. He was really fazed by the Aether combined with the dream-related rune. Maybe it’s because he’s the summon. He blinks a few times, wishes he could be free of all his contracts.
Tony really means it. Steve smiles at him. Tony’s presence grounds Steve, too. Maybe Tony is like Steve’s Reality Stone, he makes Steve feel like he really could do anything. “Even though my shield is cracked,” he says.
“Steve?” Tony pulls back, eyes going blank for a moment. He doesn’t smile, he must see something in Steve’s expression, or maybe in the way tension doesn’t leave him when Tony touches Steve’s biceps, because concern pools in his gaze. “What’s wrong? Is it too fast? We can totally slow down.”
It’s always one thing or another. Usually, it’s tyranny being fought, not a ripping of reality. This would actually be the end. With no more people, no more battles to be fought, there will be no need for the Captain. And the world never really needed Steve Rogers.
“I haven’t been summoned in a while. Magic has fundamentally changed,” he says coldly. “I understand that the last rune war didn’t end very well.”
“Rise and shine, Steve,” Tony says, visibly relieved. His voice sounds hoarse and he looks like he hasn’t slept in even longer than usual. “You’re awake. How was your beauty sleep?”
Maybe Tony can delay knowing. He doesn’t ask for forever (not anymore), just a little longer than this. He’s already done so much for the world, after all, and the world can wait for him, just this once.
Steve feels cold, like the words have swept upon him a gust of wind. The Howling Knights… As the Captain of the Howling Knights, Steve has
“Oh gods, Steve. This world is yours, too.” Tony’s eyes soften and he pulls Steve in for a hug, and Steve buries his head into the crook of Tony’s neck, breathing in the familiar scent, feeling the comfortable warmth. “You know, it felt like I did,” Tony says, voice cracking. “I thought you died.”
Steve shouldn’t pry, there’s no reason for him to know Tony beyond his name. His name is all he shows to the world, anyway.
Tony wants to sear this moment into his mind, never forget how it feels to have Steve thrusting his hips, fucking his mouth hard because Steve just can’t help it. He savors the noises Steve makes in the silence, the way his breath stutters and his moans of Tony’s name sound like a prayer, a plead, a beg. When Steve comes, Tony swallows every last drop, breathing hard and shivering with pleasure.
Tony Stark could’ve gone with keeping a safe pocket realm that no one could enter without permission, but he’s clearly disinterested. He’s capable of it, if SHIELD thinks he’s the best at runes in this era.
Steve gasps when Tony’s fingers wrap around his cock, stroking quickly and squeezing lightly. “I can’t believe you’ve wanted this. Why didn’t you tell me?” Steve asks hoarsely.
Steve looks at Tony, feeling a twinge of… something. “That’s good,” he says, even though the words make him feel awkward, because they’re true, but not enough to describe what Tony does. He wants Tony to hear them anyway. Tony should hear them. “I didn’t—I didn’t have magic, before. I was null.”
“The truth is lost to time,” Steve says, looking at their hands. He can sense Tony’s magic. He wonders why Tony trusts him to not leech away all his magic right now. If Steve even accidentally loses control, he could seriously injure Tony. “Memory fades. Just like magic.”
That doesn’t work, and Tony won’t make the same exact mistake of waiting. After all, Tony has never had Steve Rogers in the first place, there’s nothing to wait for.
The weather is clear. The skies are blue, stretching on endlessly, past the mountains. There’s a fluffy cloud in the distance.
Tony blinks at him. “Okay, what is this, Tony Stark appreciation day?” he asks. “That’s sometime during the summer, I think. Steve, I didn’t pay you to flatter me, I’m pretty sure there’s not enough gold in the world for that. Did Pepper set you up to this?”
“You’re a billionaire,” Steve says, slowly becoming aware of his heart hammering against his chest. “You’ve got the gold, you can afford to break a few limits.”
Steve stares at the snow, fresh, clear. If there were footprints, it’s snowing too heavily, they’d be covered already.
That’s about all Tony says. “What does that mean?” Steve asks. He has always specialized in counter-magic, but magic has changed over the years. It’s gotten a lot more volatile, he thinks. Dangerous. Iron Man hasn’t done anything dangerous in particular to serve as a real threat, not in the grand scheme of things, but…
But the part that breaks his heart is that he can still do it. He can still look at Tony and, knowing that Tony will believe him, say, “I’ll make it.”
Howard has never given him either time or faith, anyway. Tony had never asked to be born into this broken family, but the threat terrifies him anyway because he still has always considered his family family, and this would hurt his mom so bad.
Steve pauses, looking at him. It could be informative to hear what Tony thinks he is here for. “You know why,” he says simply.
“Enough babble about me, Bruce. Can you get us a trace on the origin of the rune?” Tony interrupts. “We need a location.”
He wanted something better than that. He didn’t know he could come close to having anything like this.
Tony casts a frown back at the site. “So much darkness…” His eyes darken. “Not just from the bomb. This isn’t what magic should be used for.” The sphere in his hand is a deep purple, nearing black, swirling, building.
Steve looks at Tony. Steve can’t defend Tony here, not for what happened a long time ago, not for something Steve isn’t entirely sure about. It feels like nothing about Tony is really certain. “Tony—“
“What happened to together?” Tony sounds betrayed, and Steve wants to punch whoever made him feel like that. It’s himself. “Why do you want me gone?”
“Shut up, Tony,” Steve warns, shaken, and Tony can’t be the only monster here, can he? Not with the viciousness in Steve’s voice. He can’t have cared, if he is so cold and bitter now. He can't. “Or I’m going to make you.”
Tony comes first, streaks of hot white spilling between them, but he tugs Steve back in with his legs. “Come inside me,” he says, a beg and an order, and magic has never felt so powerful, so deep, so safe.
“That’s right. You’ve seen them used. In the legends,” Bruce says. He sounds interested, curious, though he seems to restrain his curiosity, not asking for what he doesn’t think he should know anymore. “Tony has always—”
“Yeah, like how the cave ceiling is dumping rain on our faces. No way is that possible without a spell,” Tony says. “I know it’s not supposed to be possible. Why is it still like that?” His lips twist together thoughtfully. “Nightmare central, pretty much.”
A beat. Two. Then, Tony starts to stroke Steve’s cock, feeling it grow hard in his hand. He should’ve done this earlier at the Raft. He licks at the head, tonguing the slit, and begins to suck, oh fuck, Steve tastes so
“Even Dum-E is having fun helping me out,” Tony says. “Not that he can do much.” The little bot chirps happily and pokes a stray suit piece with a claw. Tony beams at Pepper.
“Well, you can’t miss it,” Tony says. “People find it very off-putting. It’s considered rude, to publicly flare your magic, and this gives people headaches.”
Is he not good enough compared to Howard, that he can’t be called Mr. Stark? He supposes it makes sense. His dad always made it sound like he was irreplaceable in Steve’s life. Best of friends.
Stop looking away. Look at me, Tony thinks. He walks closer. “I fixed the world, you said it yourself. Did you lie to me,” he says softly.
That’s why Tony knew it would work, knew Steve wouldn’t be able to stop him. Belatedly, it occurs to him that there’s something even worse. It’s Tony, of course there is. Realization guts him.
Steve watches Tony walk up to the man, exchanging words. Bruce Banner. His signature is full of agitation, like a sorcerer in constant, murky battle.
Steve’s hair is all wet. Tony wants to run his fingers through it, drag his claws over Steve’s scalp, hear Steve moan and cry his name. Tony’s eyes shutter and he gasps, a frisson of pleasure igniting a hunger he hasn’t felt before Steve.
“You don’t have to slay hydras like me,” Steve says. “I deal with things that make the world end. You ensure that the world doesn’t stop moving forward.”
Tony needs to know why Steve hasn’t, yet. All his friends are dead, Tony’s made sure of it. The Underground resistance group’s fatal flaw was that everybody trusted too much. Not enough need-to-know going around.
“It’ll take some time. Everything I did, I’ll fix,” Tony begins, and is incredibly aware that this is what he’s been trying to do for a long time. “But it’ll never be enough,” he adds, quiet. Never.
Steve shuts his eyes, tries to find his focus. He presses his palm on the center of his shield, feels the power there. He can’t let himself wander away. He’s in this world right now. This time. With Tony.
If Tony had a heart, it would be pumping rapidly. As it is, all he hears is the pulsing of Steve’s blood, the flaring of his pure, hot rage. “Yeah. I did,” he gasps, back pushed against the wall, his tail being stepped on. “They tasted so good, Steve. They all loved you so much. Everyone who loved you, they thought about disappointing you, you know, when they died.”
“She was very brave,” Tony says, looking pensive, interested. There’s a trace of something bright in his eyes. “What was her name? Tell me about her.”
“I’m really doubting that’s all they said about this little thing I made here,” Tony says. He taps the reactor. Steve hears the magic hum louder when Tony taps it, like it’s reacting to Tony’s touch. Tony’s smile looks pained. “This can power pretty much anything, including me.”
Steve is amazed that Tony even asks that. Even if he doesn’t know all of it, he should know the importance of Steve’s summon artifact. It’s where his soul is bound. “No. It’s not yours.”
Break through one of them, the whole foundation collapses. And here will lie Atlas and all his failures, Tony thinks. Tony will be his last (he wonders who was the first).
“Tony. Of course you won’t,” he says simply, tightening his grip on Tony. Steve’s heart hurts as he thinks of everything Tony’s been through. God. “Stop being so damn selfless for once. You don’t owe the world a thing. You don’t owe me anything, it’s not about debt. I trust you. I—I value you, you are very important to me. I really do love you. So you can drop the masks and stop trying to make me hate you. We don’t have to do that. You don’t need to prove a point.” He presses his lips on Tony’s wrist softly.
“Yes. Hate to admit it,” Tony says, admitting it anyway, Steve notices, “but the Captain brought something useful.”
Tony has seen Steve fight, and it’s very different when he’s on the receiving end of the punches, because with Tony, this is a fight to hurt, not to win. There will be no victory to this. The walls are cracking, the porcelain scratched the tub, the iron beneath it breaking.
“That wasn’t my actual workshop. You think I’d have let you set foot in it that easily? But sure, yeah. People try,” Tony says, off-handedly. “Sometimes they succeed. Sometimes that doesn’t matter.”
“Then let’s hear your speech,” a voice comes. There’s a shimmer and a young man comes to stand beside Wanda. “Tony Stark. I hear you are good at speeches.”
He did something even worse than what he remembers, and he already remembers ruling the world, remembers no one being able to tell him
“It’s not like you didn’t know that something would go wrong,” Tony says flatly, looking towards Natasha. “You knew I hadn’t been able to fix the shield when I gave it to you.”
“You’re already trying, aren’t you?” Steve asks. The Scarlet Witch would’ve done much more to hinder them if she’d wanted to. Hinder Tony. Revenge is a thing that can easily blind people, and guilt is something that makes people not move away when the blinded attack.
Tony opens his mouth and takes in his cock, sucking thoroughly, each bob of his head going further. He looks debauched, wanton, making hungry noises. The wet heat makes Steve shake with pleasure. Steve feels another wisp of heady magic flow through him. Tony looks so focused, like he wants only to make Steve feel good, and he does. Pleasure sings through his body and his mind.
Tony draws back so he can see Steve’s expression. He reads pain there and wants to write pleasure on Steve’s body, code it into his bones so he will always remember Tony.
“They haven’t been purchased often since we were saved, however. You may have that one for free,” the girl continues, smile turning dreamy. She waves a hand over the other flowers, and they all make light giggling sounds back at her, like a chime in the wind, more alive than many people Steve has met. “Just like the flower you asked about. Soon, there will be no need for them at all.”
Something in Steve falters for a moment, but the hope and friendliness in his expression do not seem artificial. “Mr. Stark. Can I call you Tony?”
Tony sees his expression. “Oh. Did you never celebrate Winterveil?” He waves a hand. “Most magical night of the year, the day the spirits have the most power?”
Loki narrows his eyes at Tony, then sighs. “Anthony.” Loki smiles again. It’s a considerably less crazed smile than the one he always wears before lancing magic missiles towards Steve. “Did you already reserve that privilege?”
He’s like a goddamn puppy, all golden and sweet and friendly to a stranger. Except Tony isn’t a stranger, is he, because Steve knew Howard, and Tony has no doubt SHIELD has given him information on Tony Stark.
Tony peers at Steve through the water droplets on his lashes. There is so much he could do. What would Steve let him do?
Later, Steve decides. The time will pass either way. Might as well spend it on something he enjoys, for a while, for once.
An opening like the one Steve gave him? An opening means vulnerability, means still having faith, or being blinded by love. Tony always considered openings weaknesses, always dove down to rip them apart.
What does Steve want Tony to say? Is he bothered by how Steve said it was for his partner? Is this him trying to let Steve down easily?
It’s not the best scenario in which Steve rips off his clothes, but, well. It could be worse. He could be in a lab again. God, he hates labs. He especially hates labs that mess with magic. Good thing magic isn’t a thing anymore, not on Earth.
“Doesn’t mean I haven’t been,” Tony says. Pepper raises an eyebrow. “I went flying a few times. Fresh air is good for health, or something.”
Tony winks at Steve, and Steve feels warm. He didn’t think this was an option. Maybe it’s still not, it’s just a tactic Tony is using. “I uh,” he says, looking back towards Wanda. “Yes.”
“Are you most people?” Tony asks. “Yeah, no, didn’t think so. I hate it too, we can split the hate. I’ll be generous.”
“Help us stop it,” Tony is saying. He’s in his mode of persuasion, earnest and bright and full of rapidfire reasoning. It’s something to behold, and Steve is almost surprised by the affection that surges inside him.
“Steve,” he repeats, incredulous. “You sure it’s safe giving a sorcerer permission to use your name? And not just anyone, but me.”
“It’s funny of you to tell me that when your job is to fix what’s broken on call based on what other people tell you,” Tony says.
Steve pulls out and kisses Tony, sighing into him. Tony kisses back languidly, like they have all the time in the world.
“You have the mind stone,” Thanos says, disagreeing. “The mind stone does not ask for any such price. It will let you believe you still have who you lost.”
There are so many things that Steve wants to say, but they are not what other people want to hear. They only want to hear what the Captain has to offer. The time the Captain gets from the contracts is not for Steve.
Maybe Tony can keep Steve distracted. Maybe Steve can distract Tony. It might be enough. He knows it won’t be enough. Except he knows… maybe was thrown out the window when everything became chaos, and the only thing left was what must be done.
But instead of flirting back or replying with a flirtatious comment there was just silence and more pacing.
It took Thor a few more seconds until he was ready to release Steve from his hug. They looked at each other, no words were exchanged but they understood. Steve still felt guilty, but the small smile Thor gave him was reassuring. Now he just needed to make amends with everyone else.
Bucky’s metal hand clenched into a fist and came down hard next to Steve’s face. He pulled a rucksack out from the shattered floorboards and threw it behind him, off the balcony onto a roof below.
Jane had to work on Christmas day because it was the only time the Hubble Telescope was free for her to use, so Thor had decided to stay with the rest of the team before picking Jane up for New Years Eve.
Bruce shook his head, still smiling. “Now you have to dare either Natasha or Clint to do something weird.”
“Penny for your thoughts.” Natasha sat down next to him, making Steve jump a little in surprise. She put down a glass of Whisky in front of him, which he happily took. Not for the drink inside, it took a lot to get Steve drunk thanks to the serum, but it gave him something to hold on to.
I'm sorry. I really am. Life has been crazy for the last few months. I finished my bachelors, my little brother married, I moved country, started my masters, until uni got suspended because of COVID-19 and now I'm stuck in Slovakia, because they just closed all borders, which sucks because my brother is leaving for Mail in two weeks (army) and I can't go to Germany to say goodbye to him.
But before he went to check up on Steve, he went up to his rooms to take a shower and put on a set of new cloths. He smelled gross and felt even grosser. He told J.A.R.V.I.S to start the shower and took of his sweat and blood-soaked cloths and took a look at himself in the mirror. There were already bruises forming all over his body, scratches lining his arms and of course there was his now disfigured face. God only knew what he would look like without his suit.
“Because I’m a mess! No, let me finish. I need to get this out in one go, otherwise I’ll never say it. I am a mess, Steve. More than you know. I don’t eat or sleep or leave my workshop for days at a time. And even if I sleep, I have nightmares and panic attacks all the time. I have never told anyone that I loved them, even when I did. I am arrogant and self-absorbed, and I can’t admit when I’m wrong. You were right, when you said that I am nothing without my suit. I have slept with more people than I can count, and I never saw most of them again in my life and even if I did, I never stayed friends with them or anything. I can’t be with you, because you deserve someone better. Someone who will make you happy and who will give you all the things in life that you deserve. I’m a mess Steve and I can’t be the first guy you are with. It’s just not right.”
The good-byes were all kind of awkward. Steve felt a little calmer now that they were finally taking action, but he and Tony still hadn’t spoken to each other by the time Sam showed up. While Nat and Clint were hugging, him wishing her good luck and giving it one last try to convince her to let him come with them, Tony stood in the back of the room with Thor and Bruce, arms behind his back. Somehow the distance felt too great to cover.
Just before landing Steve briefed them. “I will go in and talk to him, Sam you’re waiting on the roof opposite the building in case something goes wrong, keep your wings ready. Natasha, you stay in the jet and have it ready to go. Understood?”
Tony shook his head and pulled the blanket over his head. Maybe if he just pretended that the world didn’t exist and this day had never happened, everything would just go back to normal.
Steve was a mere second behind Bucky, making sure that none of the men left behind were getting back up to go after him.
Tony could kick himself. He actually cursed himself for not packing one of his Iron Man suits so he could kick himself with it. I want to change? To be fair, he did want to, not only his cloths, but actually change that is. But that wasn’t anything one just announces to the room like that. That no one teased him about it, made him feel even worse. This whole holiday was just a great cringe-fest and he couldn’t wait for it to be over, so he could hide in his workshop again and pretend that the world didn’t exist.
First it was just incoherent noises, those turned into moans. And Steve and Bruce thought it was hilarious and then… And then there was his name. Mumbled between soft moans, very quietly but Steve was sure he heard it. And by the look on Bruce’s face he had heard it too.
Back up in Tony’s apartment Steve basically flopped down on the bed. “I am twice the size as before.” He moaned rubbing his tummy. Everything felt warm and fuzzy and wonderful. Tony on the other hand didn’t seem to share his sentiment. He had started pacing again, just like the day before.
He glanced down at Natasha with a deep frown on his face, fishing for a reply, for anything that would make sense, and apparently that was answer enough for her.
Natasha slowly put her drink down on the table, leaned back on the couch and just stared at Thor. She narrowed her eyes ever so slightly, never blinking, her arms crossed.
Steve’s chest was rising and falling rapidly, his lips pressed together tightly forming a thin line, brows furrowed, jaw twitching. Even when someone messed up during a mission, Steve didn’t look this upset.
“I’m gonna kill him.” Tony mumbled, shaking his head. The last thing he needed was a yappy dog in the building.
“The big Tony Stark. How are you my man I haven’t seen you in ages. Rumour on the streets is that you retired and became a librarian.”
Come evening, they found themselves in the games room on the first floor. Clint had somehow convinced them, that playing darts was a really good idea.
Nat reached for his hand and squeezed it gently to calm him down a little and nodded towards the bed. Bruce, still tense, frowned and squeezed her hand in reply, before climbing into bed next to Thor. Eventually she joined them as well, taking her place next to Clint.
Natasha, meanwhile, was trying to hide her amusement. This wasn’t the time for fun. Thor picking her meant that only Clint was left, and she therefore had to think of something horrible for Clint to do.
Steve could feel her eyes on him, burning through the back of his head. The tender touch of her hand on his shoulder was a surprise and he had to hold himself back not to flinch.
. And while he was being honest with himself, wasn’t that the problem? Steve had never been with a guy before and that was making Tony nervous.
Steve was lying on the chair next to her and hearing Nat curse made his eyebrow shot up over the rim of his sunglasses.
Tony lifted his head ever so slightly from his knees, his eyes still fixed on them. “I know.” He whispered, but loud enough for Steve to hear.
It was already getting dark outside when they arrived back at the house, laden with shopping bags. Even though everyone had complained about going for a shopping trip in the morning, they had all found something for themselves.
Tony’s laugh turned into a moan and he dropped the paper back onto the floor. Another knock sounded from the door, more urged this time.
Bruce tore away the wrapping paper. With a puzzled expression he looked down on the bracelet in his hands. “Uhm… thanks for the jewellery?”
Steve on the other hand and grabbed his little sketch book that he took with him everywhere. He sat down on a rock and started drawing the scene in front of him. Bruce lying on the beach reading, Nat and Clint out in the ocean slashing each other with water, laughing and giggling like children and of course Thor and Tony building their sandcastle – sandfort – like actual children.
Releasing Thor from his embrace and walked over to the Christmas tree. He slid the biggest present over to Clint. Steve threw his arms up in surrender. “This is not… oh nevermind!”
About three weeks into their little ritual, Steve overheard Natasha and Tony moan about how stupid the show was and so Steve made Thor promise to keep their nightly adventures a secret.
Tony put his now empty glass on the bar counter and made his way to the beach. Halfway there it occurred to him that he had forgotten his swimming trunks upstairs in his room. Well, it wasn’t the first time he went skinny dipping.
Bruce had already been up and about for a couple of hours to cook and make sure everything was just perfect. He also made everyone coffee, which was greatly appreciated. Steve watched Tony basically burry his face in the mug inhaling the coffee, and a smile crossed his face. In his opinion Tony was most adorable in the mornings, eyes still mostly closed, grumpy about the sheer existence of the universe, only soothed by either an obscene amount of coffee or well… naked Steve. Preferably both.
The rest of the flight was spent in silence, Natasha was too upset to talk to Steve and even if she wanted to, the man had his head buried in the file Tony had given him, not looking up once. Sam sat next to her, clearly picking up on the weird vibe between them, but the man was too smart to say something about it.
Tony lowered his eyes, staring at his hands, trying his best to hide how much that hurt him. All the sleepless nights trying to find Bucky, the days of doubt and uncertainty about telling Steve and now his nightmare had come true.
Tony opened and closed his mouth for several seconds, no doubt looking like a fish out of water, before he managed to speak. “Thirsty.”
Clint was still wearing his rainbow-glitter eyelashes and it definitely hasn’t stopped being funny yet and Tony honestly doubted that it ever would.
“As wonderful and touching as this is, if you keep squeezing my hand like this, Thor, it’s going to fall off.” Tony winced.
“Before you start, yes, I know it was childish of me to hit Hammer, yes, I know it will me a nightmare to sort out, but no, I do not regret it. That slimy son of a bitch deserved it and more if it were up to me. So just safe yourself the “How could you” speech and take me home. Please?”
Bruce was barely able to eat his food, because he was so distracted by Steve’s behaviour. The only one who seemed mostly oblivious to the strangeness taking place at their table was Thor.
The drive to the hospital was spend in awkward silence. A few times blonde guy tried to start a conversation but neither Tony riding shotgun, nor Peter sitting in the back were very talkative.
Clint and Tony were barely able to stop themselves from laughing at the slightly embarrassed expression on the god’s face.
Tony took a seat in the back, arms crossed, jaw set. Nat sat up a little straighter, now certain that something was very wrong and not just there-is-a-new-baddie-in-town-wrong. She nudged Clint and before he could start to complain, Natasha raised her brow, nodding her head towards Tony.
Before Tony even had the chance to reply, the door opposite him opened with such force that it ricocheted off the wall. “Anthony Edward Stark! Have you finally lost all sense? What the hell were you thinking beating up a man in front of my nephew!” Aunt May looked like something out of a nightmare. She was standing in the door, eyes wide, breathing heavily and if looks could kill, Strange’s work on Tony’s hand would have been pointless.
As much as Steve wants to be out fighting the monsters they say are appearing out of nowhere, wants to go dispel the curses that are somehow flung left and right, he can’t, he’s confined to complete this one mission as efficiently as possible.
“Why does the great Captain of the Howling Knights need me? No one’s died. No casualties, the numbers are looking good.” Tony’s voice turns mocking, and Steve hates the way Tony reduces life to numbers.
It had to happen. They escaped the facility, but there are some things Tony can’t run from. And Tony’s not just talking about the bullet wound. A healing factor is extremely rare nowadays, but the way Tony goes about it is very unpleasant. This is necessary, Tony needs to see Steve’s reactions, but.
“But you can. Or,” Tony says lightly, like it’s not a shocking revelation, “or, maybe you can’t.” Steve expects another barb there. Instead, Tony offers, with no sense of expectation or judgment in his voice, “You want some sleeping draft? I’ve got some from Alfheim. It’s supposed to be the most effective. Smells good, too.”
Steve is there behind him, circling his arms around Tony. Tony leans back into his embrace. He thinks he’s crying again, his vision blurry. But then again, the mind stone gives him a crystal clear view of the universe. He sees more than he used to, more than he should.
Dragon blood runs in his veins. He’s all the antimagic of a great dragon, amplified by magic that shouldn’t be, and he has none of a dragon’s weakness.
“The eyewitness saw pieces of it before everything stopped working properly in Midgard. This is what they have put together.”
“It’s not just a big reality rift,” Tony says. He squints at something, eyes unfocusing as he checks something in his mind’s eye. “That rune, I think I know what it was for now. Yeah. Fuck, I’m going to need to find out what the witch’s intent was if we want to change it. How the Hel is the Aether able to rewrite reality?”
Hm. If Steve does remember everything, then he is a better liar than Tony gave him credit for. Or maybe it’s been willful ignorance on Tony’s part.
