"So we are perfect. Friends with benefits. We have fun, but no feelings are involved," I smiled, trying to be reassuring. Sherlock was serious. A lightning crossed his eyes. I did not know how to interpret it. It seemed pain, but it could not be. Sherlock could not be in love with me. As I could not be in love with him. None of us were a romantic boy. Both of us were perfectly aware that ours was not a love story. It was a friendship. A deep friendship and full of respect, one for another. A friendship that took us to take care of each other, engaging us in a complete and absolute way. We had fun together, in many different ways. With the job. With the research. With sex. It was just fun. Sherlock had to be fed with human blood. I allowed him to take my blood. Sex was a consequence of all this, the sweetness at the end of the meal. There could be nothing else. I knew of donors who fell in love with their vampire. I had seen many in those three years of collaboration with Sherlock. They were all bad ended stories. The donor, old and abandoned, ended up doing something stupid, how to take away his life or try to kill the new donor of his lover, who remained young and fascinating. We would not have finished that way. I would not let it. My heart was clenched in a painful vice, thinking that Sherlock was feeding and having sex with another younger boy, younger than me, but so things had to go. Sherlock was a vampire. Sherlock would have lived a lot longer than me. Sherlock would have other donors, other lovers. Sherlock would have forgotten about me. I ... I would become dust and Sherlock would still be the fascinating dark-haired vampire, who was now.
"Dad is at peace, Mom. No one will hurt him anymore. "
The end is waiting for you next Thursday, always here. Possibly in the company of a good stock of handkerchiefs.
Sherlock rose, moving away from me, turning back and shaking hands. I sigh, resigned. It was painful for him as much as it was for me to address that discourse, but we had to do it. Although we did not want to admit it, we both knew that our common life would not last long. I was not old, but I was no longer in strength, not for a young vampire and in full vigor, like Sherlock. Perhaps for an older one I would have been well. Vampires exchanged donors? Would I end up in the bed of a senior member of the Holmes’ family? Was this what Sherlock and Mycroft were talking about? Did the older brother want to assign me to another family member and find a young donor for his little brother? I felt bad. Almost I was about to vomit. If this was to be my destiny, I would have accepted it without objection. For the sake of Sherlock. Perhaps, seeing me calm and serene, he would have resigned and would accept the change, without fighting his brother. I put a hand in his fist, forcing him to sit back to my side.
I watched him for a long time, puzzled: "What did Mycroft want today?"
I see hesitation on Sherlock's face.I understand what he is trying to do.I myself would like to kill Sebastian Moran with my hands.
"Wait, Mr. Holmes," I recall, quickly.
Today, though, I knew something that could change everything. I do not know what to think of this news. I can not understand what I'm trying to do, because I did not think I'd ever get any information about Mary and Rosie. Yet, this could be a step towards peace.
"I'm fine. It was nothing serious. I should have had breakfast."
I have the impression that he do not tell me everything, but, in fact, I do not care much about it.I have daddy’s diaries.That's enough.I watch the vampire move away.I envy the memories he has with my dad.I hate him to take him away, for keeping him away from me and mom.I have heard terrifying stories about the way the vampires deal with the humans that they have captured.I can’t imagine what might be written in the diaries that I cling to my chest.Yet, in the deep, I'm sorry, because he is also suffering for Dad's death.
Sherlock chuckled, "You are free to do so. However, do not complain about the consequences. Mycroft has no sense of humor and could react badly to any of your jokes."
We're still looking ateach other when the dad's body stiffens.The smile disappears, replaced by an expression of incredulity and surprise.
I'm on the door, leaning against the jamb. I watch the dawn, which is illuminating the plumbean sky. Soldiers and vampires are making to prepare the pyre, on which we will burn the daddy's body. My dad will have a funeral worthy of an ancient hero. His ashes will be dispersed in the wind. We are contended him in life, no one will have his body in death.
It seemed tometo make a pity on my dad, hating his vampire.As far as this hurt me, I know my dad loved Sherlock, which was important to him.Sherrinford is right.If I really want to honor my father's memory, I must accept that the Holmes are a part of my family.Now, anyway, it's not hard for me to think of them this way.Over the years, I've been to Sherrinford for a long time.We found ourselves well together.We fell in love.And we got married.We have become one of the first couples legally recognized by the new laws on inter-races unions.Mom was not enthusiastic about my choice, especially as it seemed to her that another Holmes had taken away the only person who remained in the world.Now, the idea of becoming a grandmother makes her happy.Sherrinford and I are expecting our first baby.Yesterday we knew he is a male and decided to call him John Sherlock Holmes.In memory of great friendship and deep love.
Sherlock was completely immersed in the kiss and did no more resistance. His cock became hard in my hand. I turned away from his lips and let go of his cock, receiving, in return, a grunt dissatisfied. I smiled. Since we started building a peer relationship, I had the initiative to have sex. Sherlock had never pulled back or protested. He had always been enthusiastic about it, curious about what I was suggesting to him.
"It seems to me right," Robinson agrees.
"The blood in the pockets is not nutritious enough. You will have to wait at least a week before feeding on John. You have to find ..."
"It was not foreseen that Mycroft would make his number on John! If my dear brother had kept his fangs away from John's neck, all this would not have happened!” Sherlock replied, just as angry.
"I agree," Robinson nods, nodding at my mother.
We never talked about my family. Mary and Rosie never existed for us. My life had started again the morning when Sherlock had captured me. And I was re-born the first night I had accepted to make love with him. All that had happened before had been canceled. As if it had never existed.
"Sherlock.He was killed by a very rare illness, affecting some vampires.We do not talk about it.It makes us look weak and fragile.Sometimes the relationship between vampire and donor is so deep that it becomes almost symbiotic.When the donor dies, the vampire can no longer feed from another human being.He seems to betray the previous donor.The taste of blood does not satisfy him anymore.There is no way to force a vampireto feed.Those who suffer from this illness die slowly, starvation.It is a painful agony, both for those who let themselves die and for those who are assisting in the slow flight of a loved one, helpless."
Among all these assumptions, I heard one which fascinated me. According to a young vampire whose name I do not remember, the world would not be destroyed literally. Simply, it would change society, how to interact with people. Even between Humans and Vampires. The young woman was immediately silent and opposed to propagating the ideas of those who want peace with human rebels.
donor to speak alone with someone
Ciao!
Ciao!
"Mycroft is trying to get in touch with the leaders of human resistance, to try to reach an agreement with them and bring it to the Council, so that families can accept the release of humanity."
"I will not do or will ever say anything. To make the Albion’s Console angry you are enough," I grinned.
I did not realize that Consul of Albion had reached me. I turn around and smile, "I can’t say you are wrong, Mr. Holmes. I am convinced that Mom will approve of your choice. Did they tell you that she could not come because of a bad influence?"
"Yes. Someone with whom he is compatible. The old donor is sent to live in some family property until the end of his life. Generally, donor and vampire do not meet anymore."
I took Sherlock's hands between mine, trying to calm him down: "It never happened that the donor was with the vampire? In short, I know you. I know you'll make the new donor go crazy, especially at the beginning. So ... I do not know ... I might stay here for a while, until you get used to the new donor. I could help you in work and research. If I can."
My body recognized that loud voice and adjusted itselfs to the words it felt. I began to breathe, restrain my breath and exhale, following the slow and regular pace that imposed on my lover's sweet and firm voice. Friend. Companion. Comfy.
"Sherlock ..." I called him. My voice came out weak, much more than I expected.
January 1, 2020
"The vampire looks for another donor ..." I urged Sherlock, with a loud voice, that I could keep up.
I watched Sherlock, who did not look away from his brother's eyes, almost challenged him to move on. Unlike me, Sherlock was severely opposed to his older brother, hoping to retire from his intentions. Of course, Mycroft did not give up on anything and never seemed weak and remissive. He was the Knight of the Holmes’ family and could not afford anyone to disobey his orders or to challenge his authority. And Sherlock was no exception. As far as I wanted to go back to the room and not be involved in their dispute, I could not disobey a direct order of the Holmes’ Knight. With much reluctance, I approached the two armchairs.
"He had to make a point," Sherlock replied, evasively.
"It was a rare illness," the deep and melodious voice comes from my shoulders.I  let me face it.I am in front of a young man, who shows about thirty years.He is tall, thin, with clear green eyes and short reddish and wavy hairs.The lips are a thin line, set in a melancholy smile.The cheekbones are tall, but less sharp than those of Sherlock.
"He hurt you," Sherlock hissed, furious.
"We can go under that tree," the mother suggests, pointing to an oak that stands majestically and lonely, not far from us.
But I hope that young woman is right. It would be nice if, on December 22, 2012, the dawn saw a new world where no more master vampires and human slaves exist, but all are equal, with the same duties and rights.
Mom takes my hand with one of her: "It did not have to go this way.I was sure I could take him home.I'm sorry, Rosie.I'm sorry…"
Whatever my wishes are, anyway, I will have my answers very soon. Already tomorrow may be the beginning of a new era. I will do my part, because I do not easily renounce my dream. I want to keep my family together. And my family are Mary, Rosie and Sherlock.
"Yes. I hope she will be fine soon. Her presence in the negotiations will be important."
"John had collapsed due to loss of blood, you drunk his blood immediately after you and your brother you have,
"What could he ever do, that you have not already done on me so?"
The return of Mary and Rosie not only involved me, but Sherlock too. He had to know how much I loved them and how much I missed them. And he must be aware that I loved and missed them, even at that moment. Just because I did not see them for nearly ten years, it did not mean that I had deleted my feelings for them.
"Well, send the donors to an idyllic place, where they can enjoy a well-deserved retirement," I smiled again, encouraging.
When I heard the front door closing, I got up from the table. Sherlock was right next to me. He pulled off the dressing gown and laid it on my shoulders, lifted me in his arms and took me to the bathroom. I had learned not to ask him questions and did not object to him when he was angry. At that moment, I could see an unusual fury glitter in his eyes. I had witnessed various altercation between him and his brother, but this time it seemed really different. I also seemed to be involved in the lite, but I did not understand the reason. Upon reaching the bathroom, Sherlock put me on the edge of the tub while putting the cap and opening the water. I took my eyes on him. Sherlock knew I wanted an explanation, but he was not ready to talk to me yet. I respected his silence, aware that only leaving his times I would have all the answers. When the tub was full, Sherlock slipped into the water and sat down, stretching a hand toward me. I slipped the dressing gown on the floor and reached it. The water was pleasantly warm. I sat down between Sherlock's legs, leaning my back to his chest. Sherlock clutched me in his arms, inhaling my smell, as if it were the only thing able to appease the anger that closed his throat. After a few minutes, he took a sponge and began to wash me. The torso, the arms. He was very delicate, but always closed in his stubborn silence. I knew he was sorry for what had happened: "He did not hurt me. He was efficient and quick," I tried to reassure him.
Mom and Sherlock are inside the chapel, but they are ignoredeach other.Even if they are accrued by the same pain, even if they are crying the same person, they are sitting away.They lost the man they loved.Still, they can’t comfort each other, because each of them feels the other as an intruder, someone who does not have the right to be alongside myfather's womb.They tolerate the presence of the other and they do not hunt, just in respect of my father's memory.
I felt the bang, but I did not realize what it was. Sherlock's arms wrapped me down, while his low, velvety voice cradled me, repeating the same words as if they were a reassuring lullaby, "Breathe, John. Inspires. Treat your breath. Breathe out. Breathe. Inspires. Treat your breath. Breathe out."
This was the news that prompted me to resume writing my diary. But I think it's best to tell everything from the beginning. Perhaps, so, it will be easier to understand the decision I have taken.
The echo of the door slamming shut off for a few minutes and I had no reaction. Mary. My Mary had become one of the leaders of human resistance. I could hardly believe it. My Mary had always been a wrist woman, determined and strong. I knew Rosie would be safe with her. I tried to imagine Mary during the resistance encounters, trying to put in place the military, who wanted a frontal attack as she sought a confrontation with the Vampires, to reach an agreement that eventually brought peace between the two races. Or not? Perhaps Mary thought I was dead, killed by the vampires who had attacked our little village. Perhaps she sought revenge and urged that there be no pity on the enemy of humanity. And Rosie? My little Rosie ... was no little. She was twenty-one years old. She was a young woman. If I met her in the street, would I recognize her? Or would I pass by without I recognize in her my little girl? The little girl for which I read fairy tales and for which I controlled that there were no monsters under the bed and inside the closet. A shiver crossed my back. The joy of knowing that they were always safe was evaporated, leaving me an unpleasant feeling that closed my throat. Did they know about me and Sherlock? Did they know I not only fed a vampire, but did I have sex with him? Did they see my recent pictures? Did they see me as I walked for London, led to Sherlock's leash, as if I had been his faithful and obedient dog? What did they think of me? Were they ashamed of what I had become? Did they considere me a traitor, a whore, a man of no dignity and honor? Could I bear to see the contempt in their eyes? Or would it have been worse if they looked at me pityfully?
of family I considered valid for any purpose, without the owner can do nothing to stop me. According to our laws, still in use, I could take Dr. Watson away from you and turn him into my personal whore. I could give him to every vampire I want and I could let him using Dr. Watson whatever he wanted, even to convince him to stand up on my side. I do not have much time, Sherlock. Do what I have asked you or I will have to use methods that would repel me, but that I would not hesitate to use. You'll take time until this afternoon. If you do not accept, I will send Anthea to take Dr. Watson. Do not think you can leave London with him, without I will know it. You know I always control what's happening in your house."
(See the end of the chapter for
"I would never hurt
I took Sherlock's hands between mine. Perhaps it was time for us to speak frankly: "You know Sarah is right. That's why you're so angry. You know, soon, you'll have to find another donor."
He does not answer me right away.He looks at me, as if looking for something: "You have John's eyes."
Mycroft did not nourish for long. He got out fast from me. He took my dressing gown and wiped himself. Sherlock was still sitting on his armchair, motionless. I could see his helpless anger. I did not move. I did not know if I could do it and I did not want to provocate Mycroft, who was behaving so unusual.
BehindDaddy's shoulders, the body guards of the Consul ofAlbionappear.For a few seconds, no one talks or moves, as if each of the two groups waited for the other to make the first move.
Mycroft Holmes appears from the fog. We all know who he is, he does not need to show up. He walks with almost regal elegance, leaning on a black umbrella. He wears a complete black three-piece, more suited to a meeting at the palace, rather than in the middle of nowhere. He smiles relaxed, as if he had everything under his control.
Sherlock stops and looks at me, curious.
, he can do anything to you from raping you and feeding from you to get you picked up and bring you to the meeting with Mary without asking for my permission and your collaboration. Without that I can do anything to stop him, while things will change if we come to peace with Humanity. My brother thinks you can convince your wife to sign the non-aggression pact. He want you to use your influence on her to take her on his side," Sherlock explained.
I was often asked what my feelings were to Sherlock.He was definitely a monster.He hurt my father.Still, no one can deny that the rare illness, which kills some vampires, has a precise name, even though they do not want to recognize it.It's called love.Probably, for most vampires, it's inconceivable to fall in love with the being they feeds on.It's as if a human fell in love with a cow.That is why they do not talk about it and they do not accept it for what it is.A strong and indestructible feeling.Something so profound that leads to death, when the inevitable separation between human and vampire arrives.
"Search me?Why?" Dad is shocked.
(See the end of the chapter for
If I had been lucky, my heart would stop working and I would never know what my wife and daughter thought of me.
I look around, curious and somewhat surprised: "Did Sherlock not come?"
I saw that Sarah was determined not to let the subject fall, so I said, "Thank you for coming and taking care of me. I'm sure everything will be fine."
Sherlock had tried to keep neutral the tone of voice as if it did not touch him. But I understood that this situation bothered him. I had felt it by the mild hesitation that he had while he was referring to what Mary had said. I felt from the way he was clutching me. It did not hurt me, but there was a sense of possession in that tight which could not escape from me.
“I’ve never begged for mercy in my life,” Sherlock said.
information on Moriarty. Was she playing the two of them against each other? But instead it triggered his thoughts on their talk earlier.
Ah! Sherlock recalled another element he’d previously forgotten. What had he been thinking about at the time? This was yet another problem with being sexually active, his disinterest in other people, especially in the sense of physical intimacy. He tended to usually focus on sensations if he was masturbating, but he thought he recalled thinking of something in particular last night. He’d started feeling aroused after—
Kate looked at the screen, pouting as she stared at the empty flat. Honestly, she wished Irene could engineer some way to keep the boys home for longer intervals. It was no fun with them always dashing off to new cases.
“Right, just give me a moment to figure out what I’m going to do.”
He listened on as she gave her demands. He tried to imagine what might be on that list. Money of course. Lots of it by the sound of things. Escape. A change of identity. But there had to be something else too. Was this really what Irene Adler was after? Money? It didn’t fit. The motives just didn’t suit her. And he knew if his name was on the list Mycroft probably would already be protesting. So what else could there be?
He moved up to claim Sherlock's mouth in a kiss before breaking to grab a condom. After sliding it on and lubing himself he looked at Sherlock again. The man spread his legs a little more.
My gaze jumped back as Sherlock suddenly responded, “Ok.”
“That’s unnecessary, she hasn’t given me any code. I suggest you ask her if you want it.”
“I’ve missed you,” he whispered. He leaned closer and my breath caught as his angular nose suddenly bumped against mine.
She stared at the screen, brow furrowed trying to determine how things had gone from so right to so horribly wrong. Men were idiots. That was the best solution she could come up with. Probably the main reason she preferred women actually.
Irene paused, flogger in hand as she watched the screen.
Sherlock turned off the sink and stood there for a moment, watching. Sure enough Watson approached him instead of heading for one of the urinals.
Greg smiled and sat down, fingers going down to play with the blanket almost immediately. He cleared his throat.
“Utterly boring. I don’t know why Lestrade wastes my time on rubbish,” Sherlock muttered.
. I swear, I thought he’d die of shock sitting there staring at you.”
And with that last though she refocused on spending time with her lover, content in knowing her work was done.
Sorry for the long break. Been crazy busy lately. Finished up a week of 12-14 hr shifts every day. And I'm starting a new job soon. But wanted to get this up!
, I handed them to him. He chuckled and looked at me with a warm smile I couldn’t help but feel a bit dizzy at receiving.
Moriarty smirked and moved closer, pushing his face into Sherlock’s.
“Fine,” Irene said. He was right, she had no bargaining power anymore. However, a thought did strike her. “Though I think you’ll appreciate if I take my time a little…you see…I’m trying to play a little trick on Sherlock…”
It was true; she had made a point of showing off her proportions. If the body matched those it would be a good indication. With the dark hair and the clue of the phone being sent to him. His little Christmas gift. Though he much preferred to think of the kiss as his true gift…
“Alright?” Sherlock asked, trying to catch his breath.
But as she turned away and walked after Moriarty Sherlock realized that she clearly could. Obviously she didn’t care all that much.
"Er…I…"
"You've texted him a lot," John added. "And other than trying to manipulate him into touching me for some reason, I don't know what all the other texts were about."
John thought to himself. In fact, some part of him was looking at Sherlock and wondering if this was jealousy speaking.
“Well that’s understandable that a virgin might not understand the importance of sex,” Moriarty quipped with a grin to one of his cronies. “Feeling a little exposed through Jake’s story are we, Sherlock?”
“Oh Sherlock Holmes, thank heavens,” she said when she saw them. “I couldn’t believe it when the police said they were going to call you. My lucky day getting to have a famous detective work for me.”
She was frozen. She couldn’t move as she stared at that familiar name, feeling like she’d somehow slipped into a dream. Should she pick up? Should she ignore it? If Kate was calling she knew… her innocence could no longer protect her.
“Hmm? Interesting, yes. Um…now you…for the photo.”
“And is she worth the trouble?” John snapped.
John whispered it. He leaned in to kiss his helpful assistant before pulling out of his mind palace entirely.
"Yes," John said with a smile, leaning over to peck his cheek. "It is. God, you're amazing, Sherlock. I'm…I'm the luckiest man in the world."
He pushed firmly, and John pulled back a few centimeters, lips disconnecting from Sherlock’s. He was panting as he sat back a little, staring down at Sherlock. Those familiar blue eyes gleamed in the moonlight.
"No," Sherlock confirmed. "You make me…different. Better. You understand me."
His heart jolted even as his stomach seemed to twist up in knots. Why would she say that? One last power play then? One last chance to try to screw up things between him and Sherlock? Of course, such things were too hard for her to resist.
Though he wanted to sit and admire John’s virtues a little longer, he had to recognize it was necessary to have no witnesses if he wanted to extract a little revenge. His mind was still reeling but he’d come up with his decision.
He glanced at her, thinking over how he should proceed. But it was true, there was more to cover. Had all of her efforts merely been a distraction? Had she been trying to push him at John to have his help?
“Of Holmes?” the attractive boy—Dimmock responded. “You must be joking, Sally. You and I both know what he’s capable of. I’m not interested in further drama. No thank you.”
“You want to date her. It’s very simple. Sherlock gets a date, you get to date Molly. Quite simple as that. Pay someone to take out Sherlock. She’s yours after that.”
“It depends on the topic. My fenders don’t really whip me into a verbal frenzy,” he said with a shrug.
Thanks power0girl for the comments! Last posting thanking commenters, so the rest of you who comment after this is done thanks so much! Thanks for all my other supporters too. You are all wonderful!
As he looked up, he realized someone was headed towards his table. Not someone he would have accepted.
John was sitting in his chair with a book and a glass of alcohol. His face was flushed and his eyes slightly red. In a moment Sherlock could tell he’d had far too much to drink. It happened every so often with John. Probably some alcoholism in the family. As a drug user Sherlock couldn’t exactly scold John on the bad habit though.
Sherlock was silent for a moment. It was easy enough to see his brain working even if he wasn’t speaking. His eyes flicked over to John.
“Thanks for your hospitality. Glad we could help, er…sort of.”
“Shush,” John said. “Just do as she asks. If it saves your life isn’t it worth it you arrogant bastard?”
"Impatient wanker," John said, reaching down to quickly pop the button on Sherlock's trousers. "We'll have to get you out of these then."
He removed his coat and picked up his instrument, just in time to see John coming in with another drink in his hand. He shook his head, wondering why John was still choosing to abuse alcohol after their Christmas fiasco.
Eyes closed, he did his best to steady himself. He’d certainly made a mess of things, but how bad the repercussions would be he couldn’t say.
“I’ve told Shannon to drag it out a bit,” Irene said. “But I think the end to that relationship is coming soon. She’s complained more than once that she’s tired of dealing with his half-hearted attempts at shagging her while thinking of his flat mate.”
“And if I want it to?” John asked, grinning from ear to ear.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sherlock er…you might…”
,” Molly hissed. “I have plenty of time to study. And I’m not being foolish in wanting to be social. Just because I don’t relish the thought of spending my weekends alone like you and Sherlock.”
It was amazing the various high ranking people who attended the ballet. Something useful to remember for the future then. They’d been enjoying for some time, but Sherlock was aware that the deadline for the start was coming.
He opened his mouth to speak only to have another female moan come from his phone. He glanced to see a text.
“Oh, not at all,” Sherlock said. He had noticed of course. Seen the signs John had changed and had spotted the shirt in the kitchen sink with ink stains on it. “Is that a new jumper?”
She smiled. “Through the man that just walked out that door.”
It had been a month. A month of sleeping in separate bedrooms and practically avoiding each other. Kate was working at a law firm, spending much of her time at her office instead of in the house. The few words they'd exchanged had been curt. And Irene knew it might take more time to ease the rift she'd created between them. But that didn't make it easy.
“Jim Moriarty,” Donovan said. “I’d stay away from him. Bad news. He…makes things happen.”
. His mind drifted to the morning after when John had clearly stated he was drunk and didn’t remember a thing.
Be warned I know next to nothing about ballet, so apologies for inaccuracies. I did two years as a child and that is the extent of my knowledge.
“Are you really going to keep that?” he asked, motioning to the mustache I’d worked so hard on.
"Afraid?" Kate asked, staring at her.
"The truth? You mean you can't just look at me and tell?" John scoffed. He let out a long sigh. "Fine, yes. The truth is yes. I have…feelings for you. I…I didn't want to ruin this. You're my friend, Sherlock. This was the last thing I wanted…but somehow in the midst of all the teasing and the crimes and the time together…I developed a rather strong sense that…that you were the one I wanted."
, John thought, before saying, "You were dead on a slab. Definitely you."
Her heels clicked as she walked, marching over the pavement, heading into the night. If only it could swallow her up. What she wouldn't give to disappear now.
“Oh I have no doubt. I thought she’d be perfect. Sort of a feminine replication of Sherlock. Give him a little extra confusion,” Irene said with a smile. “And she’s promised lots of videos and information and all that. She really is darling. We’ll have to three-way again sometime.”
Okay, should be obvious by now but I'll say for any new readers this was started pre season 4 so not compliant with current cannon.
I arrived early, started a look through the wine selection while extremely distracted. The waiter kept hovering around and didn’t seem to give me much help at all when it came to choosing.
“Hmm, wish a happy New Year to Mycroft for me,” Sherlock muttered with an eye roll before stalking off towards his residence. He could picture Lestrade’s shocked expression, but he didn’t particularly care. John wouldn’t have said anything, so it wasn’t too hard of a deduction to make.
“Ah Jeanette! Process of elimination,” Sherlock said, beaming a very fake smile, eyes fixed on Jeanette with a level of irritation. John’s jaw clenched, but he did his best to not do anything rash. He settled on pulling Jeanette away.
However, when he tried John’s email he had no luck finding anything of the sort, even in the trash and junkmail folders. Realizing he might have used another email, Sherlock scanned the history to see if his hunch was correct, only to find a second email. He pulled it up and again was surprised to see that John hadn’t left his information.
He paused and stared at Irene Adler au natural, no makeup, but thankfully with some clothes. She was curled up, brow wrinkled even as she slept. Of course, in an instant John’s entire body was tense, ready for the upcoming fight.
He thought over the price for a moment before nodding. A few quick calculations told him it wasn’t that much more. And after he’d agreed he could dig up some more dirt on Watson. Find some other pressure points perhaps.
Sherlock just frowned. “Mycroft won’t approve anyways. You know he hates dating more than I do.”
“No,” Sherlock said. “He’s quite tired. I’ll be down in a moment. Please go inform Lestrade.”
I sighed. “Trust Sherlock to screw up what was supposed to be perfect.”
Instead John grunted. “Mmm yes. Or…sofa.”
He walked to the door. His heart had sunk for some reason. Perhaps he’d grown used to Irene’s games…used them as excuses to be closer to John…to kiss him. And besides, the puzzles she had presented had certainly been intriguing.
Molly suggested meeting at a local park. Greg biked over, parking near the edge and sighing as he caught sight of Molly.
Kate just smiled and leaned in to press a soft kiss to her lips. She pulled away to bat her eyelashes and beam at Irene.
The other man’s blush intensified from the question. Sherlock cocked his head, studying his flatmate for hints.
“Sherlock,” John growled and smashed their lips together.
“Don’t mind that either,” Irene said with a smile.
John thought back to the money. It was helpful. And besides that, he couldn’t afford to let more shit get out about Harry.
“Should have used the window.”
Lestrade was about to reply, but a bell rang before he could. He glanced once more at Irene Adler, catching her gaze as he began walking towards the doorway leading to his next class. She smirked as she caught him looking, winking once before she turned back to Sherlock. He swallowed and turned his attention back to heading to biology.
Anything to forget and move on.
“Lovely,” Irene said, she sounded a bit out of breath. “Now undo his shirt.”
Somehow I ended up on the couch with him on top of me, staring down at me, smiling.
“So what do you keep on here—in general, I mean?”
John forced his gaze elsewhere. Being gay wasn’t really an issue. He’d watched Harry go off the deep end with her lack of self-acceptance and he was determined to not follow suit. However, that didn’t mean he needed to make a point of staring.
"I don't know how the hell you know about that, but you'd better just stop talking now before I do something I'll regret," John growled.
John grunted and shook his head.
Molly looked up at him again and nodded. “Yes, that might be for the best,” she admitted.
John stood there, chest still heaving as he caught his breath. “What…what was that all about? The hightailing it out of the crime scene without a word. Lestrade is half convinced you’ve gone mad. Was about to send a search party out after you or something.” He looked Sherlock over once more. “Are you sure you’re all right?”
There were footsteps. Sherlock looked up to see John entering the room again, and he froze up. Moans were being emitted from the laptop on the table. John’s eyes narrowed.
Sherlock’s nose wrinkled, but he seemed desperate enough to try anything.
Irene sighed as she watched John go. Well, most of that had gone pretty poorly. The only advantage was that she had in fact achieved some results in getting John to admit his feelings. And also she'd managed to get him to do so unknowingly in the presence of Sherlock Holmes. She'd heard footsteps. She'd suspected. And besides, her feed had showed her Sherlock had left shortly after John, probably after seeing him get into the car. How he'd known the exact location she couldn't be sure.
“Because I’m tired and it’s after midnight, and I don’t have the energy to put up with you,” John growled.
She thanked him again for the lesson, even though it had been brief. She grabbed her things and headed for her lab, thinking only that the future was looking a little brighter.
Watson looked up and shrugged. “All right, well we’ll do better next time.”
"Shall we…ah…move this to the bedroom?" John managed to grit out.
“Enough time to create a little havoc then,” Mycroft said. He wrinkled his nose. “I thought we’d discussed smoking. If you must do it at least take it outside.”
It took a moment, but after some thinking she realized what he had to be talking about. She typed out her response and sent it, turning to smile at the window. Well, there were some good things then. Even if her own happiness had been denied, at least Sherlock's had been found.
“Kate—”
“Fine, yeah,” John muttered. “We’re out of eggs by the way. I think I’ll go and get some.”
He laid there and stared at the orange strip of light coming in beneath his door, signs John was still out in the sitting room reading. Why couldn’t John just go to bed? He didn’t need to be watched like a child. There was absolutely nothing wrong with him.
They finally arrive.
I blush. I do not even know why. Mom also told me I have Dad's eyes. I expect him to continue. Sherlock extends me a package. I look it curious.
The title is in italian because is the title of a song wich is by Negramaro.
Sherlock let out a pulled smile: "Yeah. A well-deserved retirement."
This series, really intense, ends here. It has been a long and painful tale that has cropped in over three months. Thanks to all of you who have followed it consistently, despite the presence of certain passages that are not very light. Thank you for comments, kudos, subscriptions and bookmarks.
"Are you sure? Do you not want…"
"It's not a request, Dr. Watson. It's an order. Do not let me repeat it. I do not want to make things more difficult than they already are for you. Don’t force me to punish you." The tone was kind and friendly, but firm. A tone that would not allow replies or bargaining. Sherlock did not say a word. I knew I could not disobey Mycroft. I did not know what a Knight of the family could do, but I did not even want to find out. Between the two bad thing, I chose the minor, hoping Mycroft was fast. I pulled off the dressing gown, removed my pajama pants and slippers, leaning all in a chair, and put myself in front of the elder Holmes, as he had ordered me.
"You would not ..." Sherlock snarled.
Mycroft Holmes approaches the chapel. He greets me with a nod of his head, and enters in the chapel: "We are ready," he announces, to no one in particular.
I burst into laughter without cheer: "Influence? What influence could I ever have on a woman I have not seen for nearly ten years? As far as I know, Mary might want to spit in my face and tell me she would have preferred me to be dead, rather than being your slave and bitch," I replied in a harsh tone.
Sherlock stared at me for a few seconds, "We're talking about hypothesis," he said stubbornly.
"That's what I told my brother, even though I did not use these terms, referring to you. You are no longer my slave or my bitch. We have built what should be the real relationship between a vampire and a human. None of them should overpower the other, but we should complete each other. Just like we do. Mycroft wants you to explain this to your wife. Vampires and humans can live together."
When I got back, I was in the bed, which I shared with Sherlock. I had been wiped and dressed. I heard the voices, argue animally. They were not in the room, but I heard what they were saying.
It is a few days that in the main talk shows they talk about a Mayan prophecy that the world would end on December 21, 2012. Usually, Sherlock and I listened to these debates, with my vampire demolishing every theory, systematically and calculated, using a contemptuous tone, towards any supporter of any theory.
It is strange the date chosen by Holmes and Robinson for the first meeting. I do not think they are two romantic men. Most likely, they did not think of the day of lovers, but only the first useful date to bring everyone around the negotiating table, in safety. I accompanied my mom, but I did not attend the meeting. I’m waiting in the atrium, along with bodyguards. Mom and I are surviving Dad's death. There are times when we deceive ourself that he still lives in London with his vampire, and we do not suffer, but we are waiting to meet with him. Others where the awareness of his death strikes us like a fist in the stomach, taking our breath away. Fortunately, we have one the other, or I do not know how to overcome these atrocious moments.
Instead Sherlock replied, "Faulty or you've been hacked," and pulled out a phone to type something in.
He turned to look at her. The Woman. In full regalia. Hair coiffed. Makeup on. Ready for her next move in this game they were playing.
Mycroft sighed and shook his head. “As much as I loath to admit it, I wouldn’t mind seeing my brother settle down. John Watson has done him a great deal of good.” He paused. “I do hope you’re right.”
Irene smiled and reached for it, only to make out the name and reel back.
Sherlock turned to eye him suspiciously. The woman looked in his direction, but it was Sherlock’s attention he’d really caught. It was Sherlock who knew he didn’t say that name willingly. It was Sherlock who was all too aware of the extremes one had to go to get it.
He'd mentioned not remembering much. Asking if Sherlock was all right and if he needed anything. Sherlock had stared at him for a few minutes, asked a couple of clarifying questions, and then gone silent. Without another word he left the flat for an entire day. When he came back John had a horrible suspicion he'd been using again, but there wasn't much John could do about that. And after that he'd simply disappeared into some kind of odd brooding phase that has lasted for far longer than John would have originally guessed it would.
“Perhaps,” Sherlock said with a sigh.
“No, maybe not,” Sally said. “So, you and Holmes. What’s that all about?”
As she was pondering there was suddenly another noise from the desk. She looked at her phone again and sighed. Molly Hooper calling back? Perhaps the precious thing had changed her mind on her offer.
“Hold up, where’d you get that?” Lestrade asked, pointing at Sherlock’s neck.
He tilted his head slightly before turning sharply in the other direction to make a brisk line across the floor again.
“Make the most of them,” he said with a frown. “Fix old wrongs. I’m not sure I’d do anything less than most people. Even the most intelligent of us have a touch of sentiment at times.” He eyed her. “When you said that about my brother and his friend, were you lying? I won’t tell him either way.”
John hoped dearly that ten seconds had passed as he jerked away from Sherlock, moving a hand up to cover his newly freed mouth, trying hard to process what he’d just been thinking. Had he thought snogging would be…arousing? No, hardly. This was…weird. John shook his head and glanced back at Irene who had her head cocked but was still smiling.
Kate knew there would be no point in asking, so she went and sat on the bed to watch instead.
I chuckled. “On knowing about something like, sex? Not really.”
“It appears so,” Sherlock said, only for another moan to sound from the phone. This time Sherlock was paying more attention, taking in the deeper voice, clearly a man’s orgasm rather than a woman’s. He tried to pay attention to the voice behind it. It sounded almost…familiar. He glanced at John, only to see the other man had turned bright red.
John did his best to straighten up and actually have a look while Sherlock explained the plan.
Thanks to MollyMaloneandAbigailVanBuren and power0girl for comments! Positive feedback always helps me keep going. Thanks to everyone who subscribed, bookmarked, or kudoed as well! Hope to see you all in a few days with another chapter!
John groaned. It was all suddenly very apparent. Mycroft. Probably trying to check up on Sherlock without letting his brother onto the fact that he was concerned. John had never hated the Holmes brothers and their screwed up relationship more than in that moment.
Of course, once John had properly cleaned himself up and taken something to help with the headache, he'd gone back out and tried to have a word with Sherlock. But it hadn't gone so well.
Before he could say another word, Sherlock leaned in and kissed him on the lips.
Sherlock let out a harsh cry as he angled his hips a little better. John wasn't able to contain his grin at the thought of making Sherlock come undone. With another harsh thrust he watched Sherlock's entire body fall into the throes of ecstasy. He reached a hand down to stroke him in time with his movements.
No answer, as always, but still, she liked watching his face when he read her words. No real interest there of course, but by tomorrow he’d change his mind.
“And are there any other tidbits you’re willing to tell me?” Sherlock said with a sigh, eyes boring into her.
“Otherwise known as an orgy?” Mycroft said, raising a single brow and folding his arms.
“Smoking indoors…isn’t there one of those…one of those law things?” he said as Mycroft lit the small roll for him.
Molly’s brow furrowed. “Oh. Er…usually it’s more the other way around, you know? Not really liking someone but saying you do for their sake…but I guess…you know if you’re maybe scared of driving them away or something. It’s possible.” She sighed and gave a frown. “There was a guy in uni I really liked. And we dated for a bit. But he was…he wasn’t good for me. My friend Meena kept telling me how horrid it was how he was treating me…how I wasn’t really myself after being around him. Even though…even though I really loved him, when it came time for the next step I told him no.”
“You got carried away. The game was too elaborate. You were enjoying yourself too much.”
"What is it?" John asked, moving to snatch up one of the man's hands, clutching it tight in his own. "What's wrong, Sherlock?"
“So what you’re saying is what I want doesn’t matter, isn’t that right, Mycroft?” Sherlock said.
“I am sorry you know,” she whispered. “I would rather not have hurt you that way.”
“A backer?” Lestrade asked, rubbing a hand through his hair.
Watson raised a finger to his lips. “Sh it’s starting.”
Molly froze. “Oh…it’s just…there’s this…boy…”
“Yes,” Sherlock said. “All quite obvious.”
"I love you too," she said, reaching a hand to cup Irene's face.
John tried not to overthink it, but still, the noise kept playing in his mind. A breathy—well sexual sounding sigh that seemed more fitting for pornography than for some noise coming from Sherlock’s phone.
“Yeah. Think we can sneak away later for a bit of private gift giving?” Jeanette asked.
“Love on them a little,” Irene purred. “Do what you think will make him eager and wanting.”
His fingers pulled her hand away, trailing down her wrist for a moment. It was there. Unexpected, but there nonetheless. He looked up at her, eyeing her carefully. There was an obvious answer, of course. Not one he wanted. But it was possible. But why try to distract him with John? To better hide herself he supposed. Make sure no one suspected how she really felt.
“Well, he’s going to kill you,” Irene said.
“Oh yes, well too much plastic surgery can do that to a person.”
John had to stop thinking about it. The main thing was he’d put Sherlock to bed and it had all been fine after that. Or it would have been, if not for hearing several bits of moaning that had reminded him of—well let’s just say he hadn’t really wanted to think about it.
After a long moment, she finally picked up the phone. Irene raised it to her lips, hardly trusting her voice.
“I’ll leave you to your deductions,” Sherlock said.
“Shit.” He turned to look at Mrs. Hudson. “Ten minutes.”
"And how do you see life going?" Kate asked, resting against the door frame.
He threw himself into lovemaking. Enjoying Cindi’s obvious pleasure, reveling in still being able to declare himself not gay as he made love to a woman. After all, what did Sherlock have that someone like Cindi didn’t? She was kind and funny and beautiful. She had the curves, breasts, softness that he liked normally. Sherlock would be all hard muscle and awkward angles and…why the hell did that turn him on?
He frowned.
“Oh, probably for the best. She has another boyfriend anyhow,” Sherlock said.
Mrs. Hudson scooped up Sherlock's untouched plate, commenting on the music. John sighed.
(See the end of the chapter for
She generally found herself more inclined towards the fairer sex, but that didn’t mean she hadn’t found men who interested or attracted her. To define sexuality was to limit sexuality. And limits were really only something Irene needed in bed, and even those were meant to be tested.
“That you’re the perfect match for John Watson,” she said.
She rolled her eyes. “Oh please, I wouldn’t be surprised if he wants you. Under all that aloof and pompous attitude he probably is looking for your approval. I think that was what was really going on with him telling you his elaborate plans instead of apologizing yesterday. He just wanted you to be impressed.”
He went and settled in his chair. For a moment there was a temptation to close his eyes. Maybe it was all just a bad dream, and he could wake up to find Sherlock alone with him in the flat.
I shrugged thinking back through our history together. “When we first met I asked if he had a boyfriend and he told me he was flattered but he was married to his work. I suppose that was before…everything…”
“And what,” Sherlock said, his throat bobbing once, “would you have us do?”
Moriarty considered. Admittedly, he probably could forget her. She was nothing to him really. A convenient pawn in the game with Sherlock. A cute little target for him to have some fun with. There were surely half a dozen other cute virginal girls for him to break. However, he’d been challenged to have her. And he still knew that she might be the final piece in breaking Holmes once and for all. And honestly, seeing Sherlock Holmes fully break would be… just what he needed. So yes, having her accessible was useful.
A shadow was in the doorway. And then it was approaching stumbling closer. Sherlock tried to sit up more, only to have someone push him back, strong hands gripping his shirt and keeping his back to the mattress.
“We’re going to a small study group of friends,” Molly said, though she winced the moment it left her mouth. No one would buy that, least of all Mycroft who could find deductions in the smallest detail, and who certainly wasn’t blind to the dresses and makeup.
Mycroft huffed as he pulled up his newspaper again, muttering something under his breath as he went back to reading. Molly giggled and grabbed at Mary’s hand as they went to the door. This was going to be a night to remember.
“So,” she said, eyes never leaving the screen as he sat down. “I hear you were terrorizing Mrs. Hudson’s class…again.”
“Why would I need your help?” he managed to mutter. He could feel his face heating to match the rest of his body, well aware of the growing warmth inside, the potential consequences of that as well. He shifted against the mattress, relieved as John seemed to get the picture that he didn’t need help.
John was doing his best to keep his mask in place. But honestly, every day it was becoming more difficult.
“Oh yes,” Irene said rouged lips curving into a bright smile.
"Oh you know, a new girl to date, or a man you pick up in a bar," Irene said, lashes fluttering in faux-innocent manner.
He stalked off, leaving her to consider what he’d said. It would be nice to go to the party if he really was looking forward to seeing her. Perhaps she could get him to discuss the finer points of Glee, instead of making it sound like all she liked were the cute guys and songs.
The case really wasn’t all that interesting in itself. Hardly anything worth noting. Lestrade had shown up with some murder that he just couldn’t fathom the answer to (how surprisingly ordinary). So there he was, a half an hour later, bending over a body and trying his best not to throw every insult in the book at Lestrade. Staring at the mangled murder victim, knowing almost exactly what had happened and certainly what to look for.
His mouth fell open. If touching himself was pleasant, John’s hand on him was infinitesimally better. A bit clumsy due to how drunk he was, but still quite firm and insistent as he moved to fondle Sherlock. John’s lips claimed his again in a more heated kiss. Even though he wanted to protest, something in him gave under the pressure. Was this why so many people joked that men didn’t think with their brains but with their—
He was hardly able to contain his grin as he wrapped his arms around Sherlock a little tighter.
Moriarty leaned back in his chair and watched as yet another drug deal passed in the far corner of the cafeteria. Just fine. More information for him. Easier targets. He smirked and brushed at his cuffs to ensure all lingering crumbs had disappeared.
“People expect me to be there,” Molly said suddenly. “I want to go. Why is that a crime?”
She'd said it. Finally. Those words had escaped and she'd told the truth about how she felt. But it seemed so unlikely that her feelings were returned.
He was incapable of keeping his smile at bay. “So…it’s all right that I said it?”
“Yes,” he snapped. “Really.”
I poured myself a drink in light of all that had happened. But I couldn’t stop thinking about it. I had to see his face again. Hear his voice. It’d been so long I’d started forgetting those details. And so, drink in hand I put it in and started watching him, seeing his unsmiling face as he monologued through a minimal birthday speech for me, sounded like his usual arrogant obnoxious self.
Watson frowned. “Brother…”
“What was that?” Irene said from the chair. “Did I hear you beg, Mr. Holmes?”
Sherlock smiled. “Have you seen the idiots who attend our school?”
“Oh come on, don’t do that. Just tell us,” Lestrade said with a sigh.
He went back out to the sitting room and apologized saying he didn’t think Sherlock was feeling well. The rest of them did their best to still enjoy some drinks and food and gift giving. But there were several uncomfortable glances shared throughout the evening. Molly left not too long after the gift exchange, saying she’d been called in to the morgue. She gave her apologies and said goodbye.
"He's Sherlock," Mrs. Hudson said. "How will we ever know what's going on in that funny head?"
say!" John yelled, spinning around. Of all the obnoxious people in the world Irene seemed to drive him up the wall more than anyone else. He glared at her as she stood holding a phone and eyeing John curiously.
Momentarily distracted from the thought of her two boys playing, Irene smiled and turned to catch Kate in a soft kiss.
This will all work out in the end. But this upcoming chapter might be a bit rough. You've been warned.
Molly did her best to mask her disappointment. She should have expected this. Him brushing off Glee as something silly when she wanted to seriously discuss it.
“Well, it’s a matter of…you…have you ever had feelings for them, but pretended you didn’t?” Sherlock asked. “As in, had the opportunity to say how you felt and flat out lied?”
However, one of his latest henchmen nudged him.
Mycroft froze. Sherlock could see the cogs turning in his mind, clearly working on a thought.
With that done he moved away from the window and stood back to take another deep breath. Too much for one day, honestly. It was exciting, of course, but on a day where the word love had escaped John’s mouth in relation to him…he needed time to recover.
“I’m taking a shower. You’d better be gone by the time I’m out,” Cindi said. “And John? Don’t call me.”
His gaze didn’t waver as he stared at the image. This was becoming a bit absurd, he knew, but without any other clues this was where he had to turn. And this was the key. If he solved the puzzle of the phone, he’d have Adler out of his life. And with her gone he could focus his attention on John…
“What is it, Sherlock? Is everything alright?”
Kate smiled at that, in complete agreement. She shut the computer they’d left open to watch the two men. No bother really, nothing too interesting had been happening. Other than complete and total sexual frustration. But they’d look in after a few weeks of hiding out. Likely by then sparks would be beginning to fly.
Molly sighed and went to the desk.
“I took Molly out on a case with me yesterday,” he said quietly.
“Nope,” Sherlock said.
“John Watson apparently,” she said with another smirk.
As he leaned in to kiss his friend again, Sherlock pulled back again. John opened his mouth to protest, to say it was all right. To say he was just relieved that he wasn’t going insane and that Sherlock wanted him over Molly or Irene. But before he could Sherlock said the most heart-breaking words of the night.
“Stay away from my sister.”
John had pulled it away of course, told Sherlock it was all right, and he’d be home soon. But the man had continued to mumble things about John…about how good he smelled and how wonderful his body looked and…
John had no time to think. Suddenly Sherlock’s mouth was on his, arms tugging him a bit closer. He felt himself groan, relaxing into the kiss. One of Sherlock’s hands had come up to cup the side of his face, and then his tongue was tracing gently along his lips. John felt himself hardening in his trousers. God, no other kiss felt like this. Jeanette’s seemed childish in comparison.
body splashed out on the pavement, blood pooling beneath dark tendrils of hair, that tall lean form stiff as it lay at an awkward angle. And the memories of what had just happened kept flashing through my mind nonstop as I approached him.
Sherlock stalked into the loo with a small smile. Really, there was nothing that could possibly ruin this evening for him.
However, to his surprise she didn’t even glance at him. Instead, she pushed past him, smirking. “Not you, junior. You’re done.”
“Happy New Year, John.”
“That he wants to have sex someday,” Molly said with a smile.
from morning sun till dine;
Lestrade just stared at him for a moment and then shook his head.
Molly smiled at him and nodded. Well, perhaps there was hope for the Sherlock problem after all. Perhaps it might kill two birds with one stone. Open up the possibility to date Jim, and perhaps bring Sherlock some happiness again.
Sherlock's eyes glittered again, and he pulled John close to plant a more tender kiss. "Then by all means, proceed."
“Now, enjoy watching a bit. You’ll see what I mean if you’re observant. Now, I must be off so I can return and watch later.”
His eyes narrowed. This had to be some kind of a set up. Though how Watson had managed to procure such a ticket wasn’t something he was quite sure about. Was the boy really that set on getting into his pants?
"Yes," Sherlock said.
Sherlock waited patiently for Mrs. Hudson to ask for a few minutes alone. His eyes were on John as the other man nodded and promised to give her a bit. And he had a hard time resisting reaching for John’s hand as they walked out into the hallway together.
He stepped closer, hardly able to breathe. John’s hands were brushing along his sides, one coming to rest lightly on his hip, drawing teasing circles.
“Yes,” Sherlock said, stomach sinking.
"May I kiss you, John?"
“Sherlock, I’m busy working. This had better be important.”
He went back over to the chair, picked up his coat and scarf and strode towards the door. John sighed and got up as well.
She and Mycroft went straight to the table to sit down across from each other. Sherlock decided hiss thinking might be more productive were he to sit to the side. So he settled onto an armchair a few feet away, not even daring to look in Irene’s direction, or especially not Mycroft’s. He had no desire to see his brother’s famous scowl.
Half of it didn’t even make sense. Things about the woman. Things about cases and murder and catching killers. Things about violins and music. Lestrade caught a particularly funny segment of Sherlock talking about the air outside Irene Adler’s house, going on about air and absolute nonsense for a good fifteen minutes. But in the cab on the way home, that was when it became even more odd.
Sherlock looked down at the phone in his hand.
But for today he’d settle for alcohol. Try to wash away the pain and the frustration and the confusion.
. He closed his eyes for a few seconds. John. He needed John. She was right. And even if his heart shouldn’t rule his brain, for once he’d let it.
Once they were alone it was easy. He summoned up his anger, his disgust over the fact that Mrs. Hudson had been harmed by such brutes. And with everything he had he sprayed the man in the eyes and then slammed his forehead into the bastard.
“Oh Sherlock darling, as though men wouldn’t have good reasons to come on you… excuse me… come on to you. Have you looked in a mirror recently?”
He stood still, staring up at the landing where he knew three men were waiting for him. They’d picked the wrong day. Of course, he could deal with them most any time he chose, but today of all days they were not going to have any mercy.
he’d told Mycroft.
He wasn’t gay. He
“So,” Donovan said, sauntering into the room with some kind of additional confidence in her bearing. Lestrade had to admit, she had a presence about her, and every boy snapped to attention as she appeared.
“When Sherlock begins dating, you may do so also,” Mycroft repeated with a slow smile. He turned towards the door, obviously feeling their business was done.
Donovan was half dragging him out of the hallway. Lestrade ended up running after her, out of breath by the time they were back in the main corridors.
“She’s amazing,” Lestrade said, flushing slightly.
“Where’s my camera phone?” she asked.
"I had to avoid some killers out to get me," Irene said. "I couldn't work with them tailing me. With them gone I can focus on it. I'll get you your information."
“Mmm yes, Miss Adler,” Kate agreed with another moan.
“Then you’ll never date,” Mycroft said. “Now those are words I enjoy hearing. Perhaps you’ll learn the Holmes lesson, Molly. Love is weakness. It’s foolish to believe otherwise.”
“Close, Mr. Holmes? I’d imagine so,” Irene said. “You know what you have to do.”
"Oh John, you could never ruin things," he said.
In the cab she admitted she’d liked him. I smiled, but I couldn’t help but sigh. Me too, Mary. If only you knew—
“You know who gave him that mark? I don’t believe the Hoover story.”
“Oh whoops,” Sherlock said in a monotone. “Silly me. Appears I was a little too quick. Unfortunate accident. Suppose we all have them from time to time.”
“Sherlock…look…if I’m over with Shannon you’re texting me constantly, if I’m over here you won’t speak to me…do you see my dilemma?” John said. “You act like you’re bored and lonely, but the moment I bring her over you start acting like you have too much to do.”
Anyhow, John was excited to spend the night with her. Nothing like being able to get some sexual frustration out. And with an attractive woman not his flatmate—
A month. She’d had a month. And she’d gotten nowhere. With the CIA on her tail, she’d had far too few opportunities to really work on Sherlock Holmes. She’d moved a few pieces on her chessboard, but she’d never gotten so far as to actually force his hand.
“I was about to ask you,” Sherlock said, looking up at the wide eyed doctor. “Or have you stopped keeping track of all of the women you sleep with?”
Lestrade eyed the various unfamiliar faces in the half-shadows. A scruffy looking boy with red-rimmed eyes and unkempt clothing. His exact opposite in a tailored suit with uptight posture. A more pudgy fellow with fingers rattling along his knee as he twitched impatiently. A man with a full beard who looked like he belonged on a wanted sign rather than in a high school. Finally Lestrade’s gaze settled on an attractive looking fellow in the corner. Arms folded over his chest, but still looking curious and interested.
In the last years, I learned to appreciate the security that Sherlock's arms infuse me. In those moments, it seems to me that all the problems of the world are solvable and that nobody can be injured me, physically or psychologically. Even today, I found my calm and strength to face the confrontation with Mary, tight in Sherlock's arms. I know it will not be easy, but I'm also aware that I will not be alone. I often wonder if it was right for Sherlock to give him so much importance in my life. As I have already written, we have never talked about the feelings that bind u sto each other. I know I even lie to myself, when I say I consider him a friend. At the same time, I feel I do not make him wrong. Sherlock is definitely my best friend. I can talk to him, with the confidence that he hears me and supports me, making me feel safe and secure. I never asked him what he feels to me, because it is useless and superfluous. Nothing will be eternal among us. I am a human, with a very limited life span, compared to Sherlock. Knowing his feelings for me would change this? No. None of us can do anything against my mortality. This has always been the main reason why we have never talked about what we feel about each other. Whatever we admire would not change the fact that I will soon die while he will continue to live.
Thanks for kudos, subscriptions and bookmarks.
As Dad and I change the accomplice smile, Sebastian Moran begins to search for him. He raises his arms and loosens his jacket, palpating daddy's body roughly. Before anyone can figure out what's happening, the colonel pulls a dagger from the sleeve of the uniform and pushes it in my father's abdomen with a quick gesture: "Die, damned bastard! There will be no peace with the vampires. I will not let you become us all slaves of them and bring us to ruin!" Moran cries, furious.
Sherlock tilted his head, smiling, "Have not you had enough?"
"Dr. Watson is kind, make happy the colonel.We have nothing to hide.Anthea, of course, will look for Mrs. Watson.What is right for one, it is right that it also applies to the other," Mycroft Holmes intervenes, in an accommodating tone, which does not allow replies.
"I have blood pockets. Thanks for coming. Now you can leave," Sherlock hissed, not looking at her.
The anguish had again taken over. It was palpable in the room. We did not see a way out. There was not. We could not escape, hide ourselves, take away our responsibilities. Anything was the price we would have to pay. I owe it to my breed. I had to give it to Mary and my broken promises. I owe it to Rosie and to her future. I had to do it myself, to remain consistent with the decision, that I had taken the night I had killed James Moriarty. I owe it to Sherlock, because it was not right for him to argue with his brother. That he suffered, for my fault.
Over the years, Mary and Rosie had no longer been part of the equation of my life. After agreeing to become the lover of Sherlock Holmes, as well as his assistant and adventure companion, I had resigned myself to not have more news of my wife and daughter or to look for them. I had set the memory of them in the corner of my mind, closing it in a coffer from which I did not ever go out. The very rare occasions I dared to think of them, the pain of our separation had overwhelmed me, shaking my heart in a painful and ripping grip. To save my mind, I had carefully avoided any thought which would bring to them.
Sherlock is the one who speaks: "I will not do anything that can compromise peace.I promise you, John."
"I believe you, general.Even among the vampires there are many who do not approve of this attempt to dialogue between our races and who would do anything to send the negotiations up.It will not be easy to achieve our goal."
"The meeting is set for the dawn of January two, in an open field, just outside London."
"I was opposed to your meeting with Mary. Above all, I do not understand why I should allow
Thanks for kudos, subscriptions, bookkmarks and comments.
"You have no idea, John. Under his boring bureaucratic appearance, Mycroft can be very creative when he comes to revenge. Promise me you will never do or will ever say anything to cause my brother's wrath."
"Yes, of course ... thank you ..." I stutter.
"John... will he pay... I will not…"
Would Mary understand? Would she forgive me?
I interrupted him, leaning my lips on his and shutting it open, so that our tongues could interweave and play, invading one another's mouth.
"I would like to inform you that Dr. Watson is wearing a collar with a poisoned needle.There is no way to remove it.If you try to take him away..."
Yes, tomorrow. I hear the jolly fireworks barrels, which they welcome on January 1, 2012.
"I think it's better to allowDr. Watson andMrs. Watson to speak privately, while we discuss the details and terms of the next meeting.What do you think, General Robinson?" Mycroft Holmes breaks the silence.
Rosie and Mary had become evanescent and incorporeal images. Far away. Unattainable. Inaccessible.
Sherrinford's words leave me breathless. Family. For the Holmes we are a single family. I would like to rebuke him that I can’t say the same. That his brother stolen me years of life, which I could share with my father. That Sherlock's happiness was based on my pain and suffering. That the love my dad had donated to his jailer had taken it away from me and my mother. I do not have time to say anything, because Sherrinford smiles me cordially and makes a slight nod with his head. He reaches Mycroft and puts himself to him side. I look at them, furious. Family. That vampire does not know what they are talking about.
I relaxed in that warm and protective embrace, loosening me from the fetal position I had assumed.
"Strip you. Completely. Get on your knees in front of me, with your face on the table," Mycroft ordered, without moving his eyes from his younger brother. His face was a mask without expression.
When Sherrinford told me of Sherlock's death, part of me was happy.To know how much he had suffered, it seemed to satisfy my desire for revenge for everything Sherlock had done to my dad.On the other hand, another part was grieved, because I had lost the only person who could have tied me to years that I could not live with my dad.Besides, I could not forget the last words from my father's diary.He would have wanted us to become a family.That we were all together.The people he loved.Mom, I and Sherlock.
"If my co-operation is so important, why did Mycroft rape me?"
Sarah stared at me for a few seconds, uncertain about what to do. In the end, she sighed, “As you want, John. If you need something, do not hesitate to call me. At any time. I'll come right away," she smiled.
He does not add anything else. I fix him, confuse. I do not know how to react. What to say. Mycroft Holmes gets himself as if he's back from a far away place. He gives me a tired smile: "Excuse me, Miss Watson. I would like to stay with you, but I must take care of other guests, though some are really less charming than you are."
"No. Mycroft told me that Mary knows that you live with me, but she did not tell him anything else. Just want to see you ... and talk to you privately, without anyone listening to what you say. Me neither."
“Er…” John looked from Sherlock to Irene, only to remember she was naked and quickly try to avert his eyes. “We’re not doing that. Sorry.”
John[E1] groaned and obeyed, leaning forward to kiss Sherlock before moving down his body, easily settling between his spread legs. He swallowed, doing his best to calm himself down before he began. No need to rush this. They had all the time in the world.
See, reasons to not like him, always assuming John would pay for their cabs. The doctor grumbled to himself as they reached Donovan who was waiting for them in the doorway.
He rolled his eyes and went back to searching. Why did she need to be so dreadfully boring? Especially when he had something like John’s private life that was far more interesting to him.
“Alright, need one of my neck too, right?”
Kate smiled and got down on her knees on the floor. “Anything for you, mistress.”
After a minute that felt more like an hour, Irene lifted the phone up and listened to the message that had been left.
John found himself flushing, but he nodded and bid Mycroft good day before he headed back upstairs.
“Whose is it?” Molly asked.
Lestrade had divulged the plan seconds after he’d left the library. The moment he saw Donovan he had opened his mouth and spilled.
“I cannot believe you right now. My first chance to possibly have a boyfriend and you mess everything up.”
"John?" Sherlock managed to murmur, just as he was pulling away.
Sherlock sighed and didn’t answer. Mrs. Hudson always was assuming they were a couple. He supposed he didn’t really have the heart to tell her otherwise. And besides, all of John’s protesting had been done in vain. No matter how many times he said he wasn’t gay, Mrs. Hudson kept persisting. Well, not that Sherlock wasn’t persay, but that just brought back all those confusing questions about what he really was and—no he was not dealing with this now.
Donovan glanced in Holmes’ direction and frowned.
“In the meantime?”
“I’d like that,” he said with a smile. “Have a good night.”
Lestrade was waiting for them with two other detectives in the living room of a nicely furnished flat. He sent the two others off when he saw Sherlock and John, saying they had it handled. As the two detectives left, Sherlock and John began examining the crime scene. Sherlock’s eyes were already roving over the place, but John was riveted by the sight of the woman with the detectives.
“You might want to elaborate,” Lestrade suggested.
John was confused, until the next move made it apparent what was happening.
She was lovely. Dark hair piled high on her hair. Fine features and bright eyes. Her dress showed off her curves and she was wearing almost three inch heels. He swallowed.
“For the love of—how do you prove you don’t love someone?” John muttered.
Her finger found my lips, shushing me before I could say another word. “You know I believe that,” her eyes searched mine. “However, that doesn’t change the fact that up until today you believed Sherlock was dead. And that you were willing to marry me because he wasn’t here.”
“So much concern for this other boy,” Irene said, furrowing her brow. “Perhaps you want him.”
Cindi was thrilled to welcome him up to her place. She kept giggling about how she’d been worried he hadn’t really been keen, considering he’d not spent much time with her in the last week. Well, that was Sherlock’s fault with his latest interesting case.
Irene smirked and pulled it back out, carefully hiding her movements while typing in the passcode.
“Who’d want me for a boyfriend,” Sherlock muttered.
A/N: Sorry for the late update. Today is a terrible day but hey here’s some fic anyways. Sometimes you just got to write through the pain. Hope you enjoy! If you like please review. I need a pick me up.
The man shook his head. “Can’t trust her. You have three seconds Mr. Holmes. Open the safe.”
Shaking his head, John pulled himself from his thoughts in time to add a sarcastic comment to the mix.
“She either is or isn’t,” John said. “That’s the thing. You are a good man. And you shouldn’t let anyone make you feel like you don’t deserve what you want. If she says no, fine. But to me it sounds like you haven’t even asked properly. Don’t give up so easily.”
“I’ve researched the subject extensively. You have nothing to worry about.”
He’d been dumped by Cindi. Dumped Shannon. Tried internet dating in order to meet some blokes (see if that made a difference). Hooked up with a man in a bar. And he’d now been with Jeanette a little less than a month.
Mycroft looked from her to Sherlock and back again. “I’m sorry,” he said at last.
“Virgin alert,” he muttered.
An orgasmic sigh rang out through the apartment. John gritted his teeth and walked back towards the stairs, not eager to hear any more after the horrible and embarrassing breakup. He just needed to sleep, forget. Hopefully by tomorrow everything would be better.
“And what’s this? Sherlock Holmes at a party? Is the world coming to an end?” he said with a mocking grin. “What brings you here, Sherlock? Lost?”
He did his best to absorb details while both confused and aroused. But of course, his name drew him out of his reverie.
Sherlock stiffened some. Would Mycroft trade him over in return for information? He knew the man was heartless at times, but surely not quite so bad as that.
Yet another moan came from the phone, and this time Sherlock’s ears picked up on it. John’s voice juxtaposed against the ringtone gave him a complete sample to compare against. He took the o sound John had made and imagined lengthening it, adding a little variance in the pitch…yes…that fit rather well actually.
“And exactly how many times
“Depends who it was,” Irene said with a shrug. “So tell me. What hunk… well I shouldn’t presume it was a man I suppose. Who is seeking the heart of Sherlock Holmes this time?”
Ah, she’d have them both then. Watch the two of them on a bed, enjoy seeing who won out in dominance, who was the first to break and beg. Two worthy pets for her to play with and enjoy in her own way.
Sherlock stared at him for a moment. Those words were not what he’d expected to hear. And for a moment, the surprise almost caught him off guard. But in another moment he was back on his feet, working his deductions.
“What do you want, Moriarty?”
Sherlock took a deep breath and turned with the violin. He locked eyes with John as he raised to his shoulder and easily glided the bow across the strings, beginning the simple familiar melody of Auld Lang Syne. A fitting tune for today, that was certain.
stopped playing in the middle of a piece unless there was an emergency or—well something important was happening. John was used to having to wait until breaks in pieces to get his attention, even then sometimes the detective was in the mood and wouldn’t stop.
She turned to look out the window, and he was well aware she was closing the conversation. He let his mind puzzle over her words. She’d said them to him regarding John. But here she was admitting this was her own weakness. Her own pressure point…one he could potentially use against her.
Greg was not pleased. After all he’d done, there was Molly on Moriarty’s arm. Completely oblivious to him, smiling at some other guy like he was the best thing in the world.
“Suddenly one is aware of staring into ze face of an old friend…” he said with gusto. Mary had dissolved into giggles as I groaned and decided to dispense of him so I could get on with my awkward important question asking.
However, there he was, driving his car with his hands gripping the steering wheel, eyes straight ahead.
Of course her thoughts were halted when her new burner cell began to ring. She reached for it and picked it up. She didn't recognize the number and decided to just let it go to voicemail. Besides, no one should have her number?
"Couldn't we just go to a café? Sherlock doesn't follow me everywhere." John sighed, wishing in some ways he would. It might be proof the man wasn't stuck as deep in his feelings as he seemed to be at the moment.
Donovan sighed. “Give me a day and we’ll test this theory. All right? It may be idiotic, but I’ve always thought the freak might be a little more agreeable if one were to…well…get him laid.”
He turned back to continue playing. John eyed his slim form in that familiar blue dressing robe. Once again he conjured up images of those fantasies. Sherlock on his back with John pulling that robe away and—
me instead?”
“Why don’t you pay those pretty perky nipples a little attention,” Irene said behind him.
“A bit,” I admitted reluctantly, going back to help her with the rest of the things. She gave me a concerned stare as I put things in the ice box for her. I couldn’t help but voice my thoughts.
“Just a minor encounter with the freak,” Donovan muttered, glancing at Lestrade. “That’s your girlfriend’s brother.”
Sherlock eyed her again. “Oh you’re rather good.”
Irene smirked. "Maybe with you. Does that make me special?"
Irene looked towards her assistant and lover, red lips twitching up into a playful smile.
Hmm, but she couldn’t be obvious. No. That wouldn’t do. Better to test the waters a little, play with them both. Better to see just how confused and riled up she could get them.
Sherlock’s eyes closed again. “I can’t,” he said through gritted teeth.
“There’s nothing in the bedroom,” she said.
"God John," Sherlock muttered, his body moving to match the thrusts in some capacity, hands scrabbling at John's back.
Irene froze. "That's not…" she cleared her throat. "I promised you the information I received. I will get it I just need more time."
"Please," he said. "I want you, John."
John glanced back towards the sitting room, but he saw no indication that Sherlock was paying them the slightest speck of attention. He took another drink.
“You okay?”
"Please," Sherlock managed to mutter as he pulled John closer, "tell me this won't result in some awful drawn out blog post?"
“It’s off,” Greg said. “It’s…she’s not into me.”
“No,” Mycroft said. And then he hung up before John could get another word in.
John smiled and set his wineglass aside. Taking one of her hands and leading her back to the bedroom. Cindi giggled the whole way along, sashaying in ahead of him and beginning to undo her shirt, revealing a polka dot bra underneath. John ignored that in favor of moving forward to begin kissing her. She moaned into his mouth, though he winced at that, reminded of Sherlock’s phone briefly.
I sometimes forget how smart she is. I really admire that about her, but it does create problems in some situations. Namely, what happened when we arrived home.
“Wait who did I call then?” John asked, blinking a few times. “Hold on, you’re saying it wasn’t Sarah either? Whose name came out of my mouth?”
“One more miracle, Sherlock. For me. Don’t be dead.”
He scowled and shrugged. “Yes, that Molly. Sorry
“There will be no shagging,” Lestrade said, grinding his teeth.
“What’s going on?” he asked, glancing anxiously around the room.
“Dr. Watson, if you’d go over with Sherlock,” Irene said with a flutter of her eyelashes.
“Yes, well, until later,” Sherlock said, before going to the door.
"What do I say?" Irene called from behind him.
She shrugged. “I’m not sure what I could have missed. I know it was on my neck when I arrived home. And the money was there too up until I went to bed.” She paused and gave him a warm smile. “Why don’t you come sit next to me and Sissy, Dr. Watson? I promise she doesn’t bite…though I can’t make quite the same promise for me.” She gave a wink.
“Is it a guy?” Molly asked.
“Who’s that?” Lestrade hissed at Donovan.
“Have you never heard of the Kinsey Scale?” Donovan said. She finally just sighed and shook her head. “Never mind. Now’s not the time for a gender studies lesson. We’ll save it for another day…because you’re definitely going to need it. For now let’s just point out that this is a terrible idea. You don’t even know half the rumors about Watson.”
“Make it a quickie in the loo then,” she said with a wink.
“And John, I hear you’re off to your sister’s?” Molly said.
Molly was excited when she found Moriarty waiting by her locker. She had to admit, of all the boys to pay attention to her, Jim was not the one she would have expected.
Mary caught on fast. She was always the smart one, but looking at him and then me, she realized who this had to be.
"You…flirted…with Sherlock Holmes? And all that about me…were you…making him jealous?"
An older woman shushed them, but Sherlock ignored her. He stared at Watson harder.
“Every good brain needs a heart,” Irene said lips curving into a smile. “My lovely Kate, what would I do without you?”
At long last she pulled her eyes away from the screen. Her gaze flickered over him and she smirked.
"God, you're ridiculous," he said. "I'll just go ahead and kiss you at the next crime scene, what do you say?"
“I couldn’t bear you dying again,” I pointed out. “I would never be able to deal with it.”
After the car came to a stop he was ushered out. He walked past Neilson on his way into the airplane. The man made a few snide comments, but Sherlock did nothing to stop him. He would have thought the man would have learned his lesson, but provided there were no threats to John or Mrs. Hudson he would try his best to ignore whatever was going on.
Moriarty smirked. “I’m sure I don’t know what you mean.”
“What is it this time?” Irene asked, eyes sparkling. “I sense something of intrigue in the way you’re frowning. More trouble with dear old Jim?”
“Jesus, Sherlock, is there any way you can turn that bloody thing down, or is the whole world going to have to hear me—well can’t you silence it or something.”
He thought back to the day in the house. Fire exposing priorities. Her eyes had turned to the safe first. But where else? And then he remembered. He recalled it. At the time he’d thought she must be looking towards the hall to see if there was any sign of fire. But instead, he knew now what she had to be looking for. That woman. The one in the hall. He’d dismissed it then, but there was something there. Irene’s eyes had lit up when she’d been in the room. He’d watched something flash across her face when the woman was unconscious, even if she’d left her there. After all, by the time the police arrived that woman was gone…what had her name been?
“You’ve got to stop doing that.” John frowned before coming over to put a hand on his shoulder. “Please? It’s not doing you a bit of good. Just making things even more messy.”
“Seems so,” Donovan said. “Spoke up on her behalf. Trust me, most of the school thought they were shagging for a while. But from all I’ve seen it’s a friendship built on some sort of mutual respect.”
He made a soft shushing noise and kissed me again. “I have had my last fall. My last one I ever intend to have if things go as planned.” He stared at me for a long moment. “Oh come, John, you don’t see it? Why my last and greatest fall is this…falling for you.”
“Sure,” Watson muttered. “I’ll think about it.”
Watson didn’t move, just smirked and tossed his head. “Well then, maybe you like a little danger. Is that it?”
Greg shrugged. “I’ve been too busy looking for Molly. Have you seen her?”
John kept drinking and reading. Another few minutes passed and then there was a noise on the stairs. He turned to see Sherlock’s form in the doorway, eyes passing over the room suspiciously.
He trailed along, stopped by a pretty girl practically jumping onto him. Jeanine wasn’t that her name? Jeanette? He couldn’t remember. Regardless he wasn’t interested at the moment, so he smiled and offered her a seat instead before continuing on after Sherlock.
“Don’t be absurd,” he managed to say.
Her breath caught in her throat as he heart started to speed up. No, he couldn't have found her. She considered just hanging up, but it was obvious he knew the truth and trying to hide would do nothing.
I raised my eyes to the ceiling: "By hypothesis," I gave, with a nasty puff.
"We know," Mom says, interrupting the eldest Holmes.
"You and I are not a couple. Mary and I are. We are ... we were married. Now, I do not even know what to think. If she and Rosie despised me ... or had pity on me ... I ..." My voice died in my throat.
"You should not apologize. I can’t imagine what you feel, discovering your wife."
I was shriveled over myself, shaking my arms around my knees. I wanted to disappear. I wanted to dissolve in the air and vanish. For the first time, since I was separated from Mary and Rosie, I really wanted to be dead. I wanted to have had the courage to commit suicide or to have provoke Sherlock in such a way that he had killed me. My daily life had led me to accept the collar and the leash as annoying but necessary. They had become an emblem of my donor status. On some occasions, they had even saved me from the unattractive attentions of some vampire a bit too insistent and intrusive. If in the early days I had considered the collar and the leash as degrading symbols of my being a prisoner and a slave, they were now entering my daily life and I almost did not notice them when I wore them. The people, which I encountered on the street, did not matter about them. Anyone, who was part of a vampire's herd, had a collar and knew what it meant. No one judged me for what I was and I did. The other humans understood how much the donors were indispensable because of the precarious balance on which the Vampire Age was based. We nourished the dominators of society, allowing our people to continue living their lives, as if the vampires did not exist. For others, after all, it had not changed much. After stabilizing their power, the Vampires had given some freedom to the Humans, who had succeeded in subjugating.
My dad smiles. Helooks with love to both people, who are beside him.His expression is serene when his chest stops rising.Mom mourns, desperate.Sherlock's scream has nothing human.I ... I do not know what I feel.I feel emptied of all emotion.Daddy smiled tome before Moran had stolen him.I will never know if he has recognized me.
“Next move?” Kate asked, glancing between her and the screen. This was one of their first sessions watching again since they’d settled in the cottage in the country. They’d left a nice dead end trail elsewhere, so they had hopes their enemies would leave them alone, at least for a while.
A moment later he turned back in time to see Molly, smiling as she took Moriarty’s hand. Moriarty looked directly at Sherlock and gave a wink before sauntering off with her.
Sherlock was trying to figure out a logical reason why Watson would even come talk with him. His mind wandered to the possibility of sexual appeal as the boy had seemed to indicate. Perhaps that was it then. Perhaps Watson merely was in need of some sexual release and saw Sherlock as an ideal vessel.
(See the end of the chapter for
“So, what’s the next move?” Kate asked, getting up and walking over to place a hand on Irene’s shoulder. Irene’s gaze fixed on hers through the mirror, blue eyes gazing intently up at her companion.
Every person in the streets was a potential enemy. As she scurried past another woman she did her best to look down, thinking how possible it could be that someone had already sent a killer after her. They had nothing to lose now. She was a sitting duck, and it was open season now.
Donovan nodded before taking Lestrade’s arm and pulling him away. Lestrade stared at her as she walked.
Before I could, however, his hand was coming up to rest lightly on my cheek, long elegant fingers brushing against my chin. His eyes focused on mine, and I felt my stomach do a roll.
Lestrade shook his head. “Aw, you pulled through all right. You take care of yourself, you hear me Sherlock? I’m glad you’re doing better but…just…I’m here for you if you ever need, right mate?”
“No of course,” Sherlock muttered. “Pray tell, why would I say yes?”
He went to sit at his chair and folded his hands. There was so much to think about. So many factors to consider in all of this. Perhaps he’d done the wrong thing, but in the heat of the moment it had been a bit hard to think rationally…the one time he could ever really say that. But what had happened was in the past and could not be changed now. All he could do was consider his future possibilities and make his decisions from there.
“I’m afraid not,” Sherlock said. “But it’s only four thirty.”
“For protection,” Irene said. “I make my way in the world; I misbehave. I like to know people will be on my side exactly when I need them to be.”
He stared into John’s eyes and pondered those words attached to the body language he was easily deciphering. The tenseness in his shoulders. The way he was fidgeting ever so slightly.
I shook my head. “N—No. I’m fine.”
“John,” he whispered. “I…I love you,” he whispered.
Irene was on edge the next day. She and Kate had been waiting hours for Watson to rise. Apparently his bad mood yesterday had made him decide to sleep in a bit.
I couldn’t shake it though. And future nights continued to have those er—well—queer visitations. And no matter how much I tried to convince myself otherwise, apparently there was something about Sherlock I couldn’t keep away even with him dead.
“Love you,” he whispered again when they broke, before diving in for another searing kiss.
“Sherlock has indeed helped me much,” the man admitted. “But it is for that reason I have no interest in getting on his bad side. And to suggest…well… I do not think he’d take kindly to it. It has been some time since I’ve seen any male in his company.”
He was stopped in the hallway by a young woman. She was leaning against the wall with a phone in her hand. She tucked it away and looked up when he appeared. Lestrade took a moment to assess her, taking in her professional dress and attractive features.
Greg whistled at that. He had to admit Donovan knew her stuff.
“Stop it,” he hissed.
John shook his head. “Well good luck.”
“Made anyone cry today?” Mycroft asked.
“You know the new rule, Molly. If Sherlock isn’t going, you’re not going.”
Well, in many ways it was a good sign that they’d become so independent. But still…she’d wanted them to finally have their first little fumble at a time where she could actually observe and potentially interfere.
"I made a mistake. I need my phone back," Irene said. "I need your help."
Anyhow, so so so sorry again on long wait. If I find more inspiration for this I promise to try to post more frequently. Also, comments definitely give me more motivation! Also find me on Tumblr. I go by elsarenard there too!
He rolled his eyes as she disappeared back down the stairs.
Irene began to laugh as the consulting detective rose up to his knees before tumbling forward face first. Too good. She hadn’t expected this little joy; she’d get to the good part in a few seconds.
Irene turned the gift from Kate over in her hands, admiring the smooth paper, put together with perfection and clear attention to detail. A silver rope had been used instead of ribbon. Lovely. Perfect. Just like Kate herself.
Thanks to power0girl for commenting! Love all of you awesome subscribers, bookmarkers, and kudo givers too! You keep me going.
“Just an experiment,” Sherlock muttered, finally managing to stop the video in its process. He exited the tab quickly, just in time as John grabbed the laptop, and pulled it away.
Lestrade sighed. He looked Donovan in the eye. “No other ideas? Cause this is hopeless.”
Irene sighed as she watched from the window. She’d been tempted to go to the hospital and see Sherlock’s reaction herself. But this was more important. She had to keep an eye out. Make sure Kate didn’t do anything stupid.
“You want to owe me again, Sherlock? Because that’s what you’ve done… made it so you owe me.”
“You never give up, do you?” Sherlock said.
Sherlock fell silent, turning his gaze back to the stage. He was supposed to be enjoying this. It was difficult of course. He found his eyes turning to Watson instead, eyeing his face for signs of interest. Searching for the deductions that he knew had to lie there. Something seemed off. However, everything in Watson’s behavior and posture seemed right. He was leaning forward in his seat, eyes on the stage, a smile playing on his lips as he examined the dancers.
Oh, well that was a surprise then. John shifted and sat up a little straighter, setting his drink aside.
He sighed and said the unthinkable. "I'd say he's heartbroken…" perhaps he was. Perhaps that truly was the case. Saying it somehow made it more real. "But, er, he's Sherlock. He does all that anyway—"
to impress?”
Sally grabbed his arm. “Er…on second thought…we might just find a different—”
"I was thorough this time. It would take Sherlock Holmes to fool me, and I don't think he was on hand, do you?"
“What?” John asked.
“What are the two house rules?” he said, fixing Molly with a harsh stare. “No crimes will be committed while under my roof. And neither of you will date until you are finished with your schooling.”
“I assumed you’d choose something more specific than that but, um, thanks anyway,” Sherlock said before typing in the numbers.
“Still, you couldn’t have given yourself that mark. Where’d it come from? Who gave it to you?”
She grabbed her phone and dialed in a number. She counted the rings until a sweet familiar voice answered.
He was hoping John would say no. Nothing sounded better than allowing John to take the other side of his bed and stay there the rest of the night…stay there every night thereafter if he wanted.
"No, you prick," John said, voice coming out choked. "God, you're so clueless. I'm…I'm happy Sherlock. I…" He reached up to brush away a few tears, smiling as best he could. "I love you too. It's more than I ever could have hoped for."
“Oh I prefer here,” Irene said, going to settle in Sherlock’s chair. “Nicer view.”
“She had an item in her possession, one she said her life depended on. She chose to give it up,” Sherlock said. He enjoyed puffing the various chemicals into his body, allowing the smoke to relax him. He could use one after tonight. Regardless of Mycroft’s intentions he was going to enjoy the rare opportunity to have a cigarette, even more so if it played against whatever Mycroft was trying to prove.
“We need to talk,” he said.
Molly stared at him for a long moment. “What?”
Molly stared at him as she processed. “Wait…are you…asking me out?”
abandon," he said, letting his eyes roam over her figure. He couldn't remember where he'd seen her before. He must have though since she knew his name. And she seemed to want him, so why not?
John where are you? SH
“Yes, you’ll see. Sherlock really does underestimate me. Tomorrow will be so much more fun. Just you watch. Tomorrow, he’s going to finally start paying attention to my messages.”
weren't screwing each other senseless. But then again, if they'd gone out…well God only knew what kind of possibilities there were outside of the flat.
“Mr. Holmes,” Mary said with a soft smile, “it’s just a party.”
Still, Sherlock had spared her life. And when it came down to it, there were plenty of worse ways her life could have turned out.
Before Watson could say another word he was grabbing for the door handle and pushing him out of the way. He slid into his car without another word.
John shrugged. “I don’t know.”
All this conversation was doing was making Irene feel more confident in herself, John could see that. With every passing moment letting him know she knew exactly what the record keeper
Irene Adler had to admit she was intrigued by the prospect of meeting Sherlock Holmes. A brilliant detective, he’d made an impression on her just from his newly famed reputation. Though she became even more intrigued when she received photos of him just a few hours prior to meeting him. He had some level of attractiveness to him, if one went for that sort of thing. Defined cheekbones and stormy gray eyes. Tall and slim. His stern gaze spoke of a man who would be a challenge to break. And she liked nothing better than a challenge.
Lestrade blushed slightly. “Oh. Is that so?”
A groan nearly left John’s mouth. Did he have to do this now? If Molly hadn’t mentioned a boyfriend clearly she didn’t want to talk about it. She probably was still sensitive about the subject after dating Moriarty.
Her thoughts were lost to Kate most of the time. Every hour spent thinking what would have happened if she’d simply told the truth. Perhaps they would still be together.
There was no goodbye. No formal ending to the call. Merely the dial tone. Merely emptiness on the other end and Irene well aware that her phone would tell her the call was finished…much like she and Kate were.
John sighed. Why on earth were they even helping her? Other than Sherlock’s motives to impress her, there were no other options. It didn’t take a genius to figure out he had to have a reason. Well, best to play along in that case.
The thought of that sent her thinking of Kate…and she quickly tried to disconnect her thoughts from the beautiful woman. She couldn’t afford to be distracted right now. She had to focus on starting a new life. Hiding from Moriarty and the CIA and all the rest of them.
“And what’s in it for you? Telling me this?”
I watched him loaded on to a gurney. I saw them wheel him away. My world seemed to be crumbling around me in an instant. If Moriarty meant to destroy Sherlock, he’d succeeded. But in the process he’d unintentionally destroyed me as well.
“And a happy New Year,” his brother said back.
Irene glanced back at Kate still fast asleep. “Oh I can’t even remember his name…not sure he would have had a chance to say it with the gag in anyhow…so it’s really no matter. Now, what was it you wanted?”
“Hi,” he responded, sliding in close. “Good to see you again, Molly.”
“I’m afraid you mistake love and lust, Mr. Holmes,” Irene said, her smirk returning. “You are attractive, I’ll admit that much. But I have never once entertained thoughts of being romantic with you. Your heart belongs to another.”
“Oh,” Molly looked up and smiled. “Hi.”
“Well, he is certainly playing the right part,” Irene said with a half-smile. “He knows how to work the Holmes family.”
Mycroft stared at her for a long moment before looking at Molly. “I expected better of you. You have an exam on Monday and you’re off cavorting about like a fool. I thought we raised you to be more than this.”
"You really don't remember, do you?" Irene murmured.
John opened his mouth to protest, but one of Sherlock's fingers pushed to his lips before he could.
John froze and stared at her. "What?"
“I don’t believe we talk, Donovan,” Moriarty sneered. “What makes you suddenly think we should start now?”
. He thought of John’s beautiful smiles across the table from him.
I'm estimating about 3, 4 chapters more on this one (no promises). So we are getting close for those worrying!
He was still walking. Sherlock looked over his shoulder again at the car and then sighed and put his car in reverse. With a quick tap of his foot he was careening backwards, and as expected he felt the telltale jerk as his car made contact, and then a dreadful crash of metal meeting metal, a screech as Moriarty’s car was pushed backwards.
She watched the door open and Dr. Watson come in to be surprised by the sight of Sherlock on the floor. He was mumbling things about her, until at last John pushed Sherlock back into bed and left him there.
He opened the screen looking down at the “2 Attempts Remaining” there in red.
“Darling, if Sherlock would get in my pants I’d be all his, but sadly he’s rather…of a different persuasion. To be honest I am too…for the most part. Doesn’t mean I can’t have fun every now and then, though.”
John shook his head, hoping his poker face was working. Sherlock had run it all past him. The best ways to fake a death. The means of procuring a body similar enough to work with. Methods of changing records. Between him and Molly Hooper it apparently hadn't been all that hard to put together. The only thing John was really lacking details on was what had happened to The Woman after Sherlock had helped her. He'd brushed off questions by saying it wasn't important. John let it go pretty quickly.
. Anyhow, I took her out on a case. And while it was…
He turned and stalked to the door without another word.
Watson cleaned up nice. Holmes hated to admit it, but as he eyed Watson from the mirror, he had to swallow once to maintain his composure. His gaze drifted over Watson, admiring the nice tailoring of the jacket and trousers he had on, the way his hair was combed neatly.
As he walked out he was surprised to see a familiar figure leaning against his car. John Watson, eyes sparkling, cocky grin in place as he kept his arms folded, body leaned there like it was his own vehicle.
My heart missed a shot while Sherlock came out of the room, slamming the door, as if a hurricane had passed.
fed by him. What has passed through your head? John is no longer so young and strong that he can satisfay the food needs of two adult vampires!" Sarah was screaming, furious.
"It's right for you to know what happened to Sherlock because you are John Watson's daughter. You are a member of our family. And the family must stay united. Especially in pain. I am Sherrinford, the youngest of Holmes brothers. I met your dad, during one of the rare visits my brother Sherlock did to our atavic residence in Sussex. I know you will not be happy to tell you about the relationship between your father and my brother. I can understand that you do not approve of it and that you believes my broche is a monster who has taken your father away from you. What you think, however, does not change the depth of the bond that united Sherlock and John. Your father was a good man, with a great heart and infinite patience, who was able to conquer my brother's trust and respect. I've never seen Sherlock as happy and serene as he was with John. It is the only consolation we have. He would see him happy before the end."
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock made one of his rare radiant smiles, illuminating his face and eyes: "I'm always ready for everything. For science, of course."
do not know. As far as I know, your wife might want to become widowed and kill you. If you are set apart, how can I protect you from her? Besides, I was sure the news of this meeting would upset you and I did not want you to suffer. Mycroft insisted, pointing out how important it is to find an agreement with human resistance. I replied that I did not care, that my only interest was your serenity. That he had not right to ask you to deal with your wife without knowing what she wanted from you. He had to find a way to force her to join his table without involving you. Unfortunately, because of our current laws, Knights have power of life and death on family donors. Obviously, if we came to sign an agreement with humans, we would be forced to change the laws on the treatment of Humanity in general and the donors in particular. What I did to you after capturing you, and the current rights of Knights on family donors, with new laws would be considered as crimes. We could not do it unless we went to very severe penalties. Mycroft wanted to remind me that
"Why are you telling me all this?Who are you?"
The title is in italian because is the title of a song of Noemi and Fiorella Mannoia.
February 14, 2012
"I will not seek another donor! I will not give up on John or allow anyone to separate us. Never!"
January 2, 2012
Ms. Hudson brought us some food, but she realized that something was wrong and, with great touch, had no questions, leaving us alone.
"I want to make an experiment. Do you want to join me?"
These were the last words Sherlock pronounced for the rest of the day. He closed in stubborn mutism, but I did not complain. The silence was pleasant. Above all, in Sherlock's arms. We stayed hugged for a long time, savoring our mutual company, aware that we did not need to tell us anything, because each one knew what the other would have said.
Dad exclaims indignantly.
"Mycroft is right. The only chance of salvation for humans and vampires is to find an agreement. I'll go to the meeting with Mary and I will accept anything, every insult to convince her that the resistance has to come to an agreement with the Vampires," I murmured, trying to show a security that I did not feel. I did not look up to look at Sherlock in his face. I heard him pick up his cellphone from the pants pocket and send a message. The answer did not wait long.
Sherlock shook my hands, almost hurting me: "You will not go anywhere! Did you hear me? I will not allow anyone to take you away from me and I will not let you go, as if there was nothing between us!"
John Watson and Sherlock Holmes.
Today is December 31, 2011. It seems like fate is fun to make many important things happen in my life during the end of the year. I have not written in the diary since Christmas 2008. Three years have passed, during which I was a happy man, despite everything. Sherlock and I have built up, hardly, a peer relationship. At least in the house. The faction of vampires, which is working to make peace with humans, is finding a lot of resistance to completing their own project. With a bit of regret, I have to admit that humans are also sabotaging this deal, continuing to take action against Vampires, which put those who are struggling for human rights into trouble. No one more than me understands that the Vampires have made serious mistakes and enormous mischief for us, but if we can not leave our past behind us, we will never find an agreement or achieve peace. None of the two races can completely overpower the other. If we came to the open war, we would destroy each other. I would like to avoid this. I firmly believe that it is possible to live together, even though I know how difficult it is to find a balance with the Vampires.
Everything started this morning when I woke up. The bed was empty, but this was not an unusual thing. Sherlock sleeps a little, even for a vampire. Instead, I had slept more than usual, because the night before we had tried a whiplash, really funny, but sparse. Sherlock is a true master in using the riding crop. Without making any pain, he used it to bring me to levels of pleasure I did not think possible when he asked me if he could use it in our "loving encounters." Of course, he fed. The orgasm and the loss of blood left me exhausted. Lately it happens often that I am very tired and almost anemic, after Sherlock has fed. I tried to talk to him, but Sherlock glints or replies that everything goes well, that everything will return to normal again.
"Do not test me, Sherlock. - his broche interrupted him, in cold and harsh tone - You know it's my right to use
Mycroft Holmes looks away from me, shifting it to the statue, representing his younger brother.His answer is a sad whisper: "Sherlock is gone."
Sherlock left me and got up. I had finally put the right question.
Did I betray my wife? With my body, surely yes. I had made love with another being. It did not matter why I had done it. It took little care that I had never told him to love him. I had consciously accepted to make love with Sherlock, betraying the vows I made to my wife on the day we were married.
"Anyway, you know you'll have to look for another donor as soon as possible. John can not ..."
"ENOUGH!" Sherlock's scream filled the room of despair, sucking every other sound. I could see the furious anger that filled his eyes. He was so much like pain. Did vampires feel pain when they had to separate themselves from their donor? Yet, they knew they were much longer than a human being. I had never thought of how many donors were in the life of a vampire, but there had to be many. Sherlock shook my heart. I could not bear to see him suffer. I could not bear to be the cause of his suffering.
I stiffened, in Sherlock's arms, who held me even stronger: "Mycroft knows what Mary wants from me?"
It was at least bizarre that the older Holmes called me that way. I was not exercising for years. Since Sherlock had captured me. It happened to do some autopsy or to medicate some human, but I did not practice my profession for so long, that it did not seem right to be called doctor. Anyway, I would never have a discussion with Mycroft Holmes on this topic. The last thing I would do in my life was to cause the anger of this powerful vampire, because I had learned for a long time that it would be best not to provoke Albion's Consul and his will to get something.
I felt that Sherlock was completely relaxed. Perhaps it was the effect of my joke. Maybe it was hot water. I turned to see him in the face. I fixed those eyes, of a blue so clear that it seemed transparent water. I took his cock in my hand and started massaging it, going up and down, slowly.
I could not help but think that it was perfect as a soundtrack for this chapter, all about John and Sherlock.
