“So heaven consists of multiple layers, representing time frames and memories of the people who dwell in the respective eras. As you know, this is Kansas, but there's also an infinite number of Kansases, so to speak, where other souls live. Different times, since the Kansas of the 1800s looks different than today's, for example. Now if a soul was inclined to live in another era, they pass through various layers. And sometimes, depending on where they are from and what changes they implement, that turns into a problem of... let's call it, a rift in space and time. It's not dangerous, but it's a constant source of work for us to fix. This morning, Jack and Anael and I, we found a solution, in a way. It took some consideration and planning, but we're happy with the result. Anael called it an 'elevator' of sorts. So traveling souls can create their own era, their own floor.”
Before Dean can reply or deflect or deny anything, she's already on her way to get him another drink.
Dean rubs his hand over his chin and mouth. There's a pause in their conversation as they all wrap their minds around that. Forty years, Sam and Eileen thought Cas was gone.
Thinking of someone else, in their bed, someone occupying Cas when he is right there, having to watch-- makes a hot streak of jealousy slash right through his poor, currently very gay heart.
What that implication means for him, and Cas, though. He can't quite wrap his head around it and the idea is still so out there, in his mind. He shoves it aside.
And so, he lifts himself on his knees and pushes back down, so slowly, riding Cas' finger. He presses his eyes shut in an attempt to get that image out of his head, what he must look like, fucking himself on Cas in the pale moon light. Neck on display, back arching. Taking his time, taking all the time he wants, because he knows they've got it, he waits until the light burn, until the tightness inside of him eases, until he can push down and pull up easily.
And he laughs into Cas' shoulder and doesn't even know why this shit is so funny, but he can't stop for a hot minute there.
The all snort or cough or start to laugh in some form, and Dean turns to Cas with a shrug, then gets them both a beer.
With a huff and a smirk, Dean steps back and pulls his shirt off, and Cas steps out of his pants, which are pooling around his ankles. Dean's tank top follows, Cas makes quick work of it. Socks and underwear they tackle themselves, and then they're finally, finally naked.
Cas quirks an eyebrow at him. “Okay, let's not get into this,” Dean huffs. “But, hold up, what did you say to that?”
The people who took in a girl and two boys and raised them alongside their daughter. The people who never asked for anything.
“Sure,” Ash smiles, looks pointedly at where they're touching, “Also, awesome to finally meet you, Castiel. Heard a lot about you.”
He bites his tongue all the way through Ellen filling up bowls for everyone and Bobby handing out slices of bread. Charlie is driving him nuts, the way she taps her fingers onto the tabletop, again, and again, and faster — and she bounces her knee, which Dean
Are you still screaming about the Spanish dub because I am and while this took quite a blow to the premise of this story, it will be so much fun to write around. Hope you enjoyed. Let me know what you think!
It's Friday, Friday, new chapter out on Friday... hope you've had a lovely week! If you need a pick-me-up or not, I have a fun chapter waiting for you.
In the silent moments between songs, each time he hits a bump in the road, the legos he'd shoved into the vents when they were kids, they're rattling. And Dean grins.
Dean looks forward to game night, tomorrow at the Roadhouse. Looks forward to Kevin and Ash ribbing each other over a stupid game, looks forward to chat with Jo and Charlie. Maybe he can stop by Bobby's in the afternoon, for a chat and pie and coffee, and maybe hang out for a re-run of Jeopardy. That reminds him, he's never seen Charlie's place. Which, if he remembers her apartment right, should be full of nerdy memorabilia and maybe they have time play a round or two of whatever game she's into, together.
Sam puts his spoon back into his chili, and Dean kind of just stares at him, heart beating too fast, stomach queasy. It’s been too long. Of course he always swore he’d find his parents. But after 22 years of radio silence, of no one reaching out, of frantic search, of less frantic search, of general search, and then kind of doing their own thing and searching because that’s what they did — yeah, no. Dean never expected to ever hear these words, from Charlie or from anyone, no matter how much he’s always insisted that their parents were still out there. Sam covers his mouth with his hand, eyes wide.
Maybe he should be pissed, but he can't be bothered. It's not like he didn't enjoy it, it's not like he didn't know this was one possible outcome.
Dean has all of three seconds to think about his dilemma, plan his next action, set his gun to paralyze instead of kill, and shoot the first person straight from his hip. As they crumble onto the floor, the second one — humanoid,
Dean huffs, taps at a button to retrieve the data chip from the console. With a pointed look at Crowley, he puts it back into his breast pocket. “Yeah right. I ain’t working for free. Pay me first.”
He bites his lip. Sometimes, and especially after his recent demotion, he has doubts. Doubts if he should put up with all of this, but then again — there’s no way out. What else is he going to do?
So Dean snaps another round of whiskey into existence and gets her up to speed. Beside him, Cas is silently listening, his thigh pressed against Dean's, shoulders bumping every so often.
Sam is convinced they didn’t get out in time, but that’s a fight they’ve had one too many times — too often and too repeatedly, when they were growing up.
Dean gives up, lets himself drift, no, blow right past the edge and comes with a groan, and at least he manages to look at Cas all through it. The pinched wrinkles around his eyes smooth out with laugh lines when he starts to grin, and Dean's heart is full, so full.
They grab drinks for themselves and as they head over, it becomes evident that there's not really any space any more at the table. Jo takes it with grace and hops onto Charlie's lap, who kisses her cheek in greeting. “Done for the night, babe?” she asks.
Jack looks between the three of them like he does not only miss vital information, but also context and background and everything in-between. “I don't get it,” he ends up saying. “Why would John oppose the fact that Dean and Cas are fornicating?”
"Because people who want to date and people who I'd like to fuck don't exist, not in that combination anyway. And that’s not me being dramatic, it's a fact. We're talking about entirely different species here."
Dean swallows. Lets it sit, lets it simmer. Attraction like he never felt it before, undeniable, washing over him like a tidal wave.
Dropping his head back so he doesn't stare into Cas' too beautiful, too aroused eyes, Dean rolls downwards, meeting him.
“Who’re ya callin’ old, son?” Bobby grouses, but pats his back. “Get inside, Ellen made lunch and if I have to watch Charlie bounce around the place any more, I’ll have her program a new autopilot system for Baby, y’know, keep her occupied for ten minutes or so.”
For a second, Dean can only stare, before he a chuckle breaks out of him. “Of course he did. But you know, Sam Leahy? Doesn't sound half bad.”
And once Cas' eyes open back up, glazed over and pupils wide, Dean leans in to kiss him. “You good?”
Objectively speaking, Cas has a nice body. He's fit and toned in all the right places and he's an attractive guy. Dean can appreciate that.
Also, bless Bobby for teaching them how to cook. Mostly, Ellen did, to be precise, but french toast — that was all Bobby.
Join me next week, when we get lots of hurt Dean, more insight into Cas and where he's coming from, and then... yeah, and then what?
The dim light of the overhead lamp makes her skin glow and her eyes shine and Sam feels something in his chest rearrange itself. Okay.
And once again, Dean notices how fidgety Eileen gets when she notices, when there's a lull in conversation and she becomes aware of the fact.
Sam blinks at the screen, but it doesn’t deter him. “Why are you so keen on getting us involved? We are just mercenaries.”
For the first time, he sucks. Pulls up, not off, and back down, and Cas' hands tighten in his hair, not shoving, not guiding, just holding on. His breathing has become ragged, too quick, and Dean slows down to give them time.
A raucous laughing fit draws Dean's eyes to the booth, with Sam and Bobby laughing so hard, Sam has his head thrown back, holding his stomach, Bobby has his head on the table, banging the tabletop with the hand that's not wrapped around his beer bottle. Ellen has a suspiciously proud grin on her lips.
“They have no power over me, but I have no power over their creation. I guess it's what you'd call a mutually beneficial relationship.” He smiles. “I can take care of issues if some arise, and I can still feel them, but I don't need to answer prayers or be God, so to speak.”
Dean whistles, impressed. And finally allows himself to touch. Runs his hands all the way from the dimples above Cas' buttocks upwards, along his spine, to his shoulders. So far, same difference in comparison to a girl, but those shoulders - there's no softness. Dean traces Cas' bicep, triceps, up to his elbow and back, over broad, broad shoulders, back to his neck.
It's this part where they both struggle. Cas because he's his usual, awkward angel self, and Dean because intimacy scares him on principle.
And at this point, Dean is so glad that he had talked about this with Cas, in detail, before. About all the feelings, before, during, and after that confession that pulled the rug out under him. “At the time, it was all too much. And I know that you'd only ask me if that feeling was mutual and I don't know if I could've been honest about it back then.”
Dean shakes his head. It's on the tip of his tongue, a sour aftertaste, something that doesn't fit, doesn't sit right with him.
Are they doing anything about this situation he has going on here? Or shouldn't he pursue that? Maybe Cas wants to have breakfast first.
Ash blows him a kiss from behind the bar, a 'you're welcome' and Cas frowns as he does three shots in a row, in sync with Ash.
Bobby gives him an enigmatic look. “Busy doing something else, I believe, too, huh,” he drawls. “Or, someone else.”
Sam is decidedly unimpressed as Dean lathers his sausages with ketchup and puts one into his mouth without even cutting it. Just shoves the whole thing in and looks like the happy chipmunk he is.
Mary picks up on the second ring. “Dean?” She sounds happy and surprised and it's the second time that day that Dean can breathe a little more freely.
“Geez,” Dean rolls his eyes, but goes to get himself a beer, and rifles through the freezer while he’s there. Who knows how long they’ll have to wait for help. This corner of the galaxy isn’t exactly a populated one or part of a known traveling route.
Crowley, of course, lets them wait for a rhetorical, dramatic pause. “Find Mary Winchester, I thought that had been established. She’s on Akkarea.”
“Dean, we’ve been asking around for as long as I can think. At this point, it’s more obligation than it’s…” he gestures, hands flying helplessly.
Alone in his room in the bunker, the night after everything went down, it had hit. Dean still can't put a finger on what he was feeling that night.
“I would offer to take you to our base, so you could call him now — we do have that kind of technology—” Eileen starts, but Sam waves her off.
In front of Baby, visible on the huge screen that takes up the entire front of the command bridge, the first rays of a familiar sun dip the inside of their ship into a second-hand glowing red.
Cas levels him with his chin held high and his left eyebrow even higher. Dean knows that look, it means Cas is serious and Dean shall not even try to joke this off or so help him.
Dean huffs, closes his eyes for a moment. That is a whole different box with ten layers of duct tape around it and a neon red 'Do Not Open' sign on every side. Maybe a 'Fragile' one, too, and Dean won't touch this with a ten foot pole, not today. “Um, no. You wouldn't have wanted me to have any relationship, whatsoever, because that only put a bullseye on that person's back.”
Cas' eyes shoot up, meet his over the counter. They blaze with something that settles deep in Dean's heart.
“That would imply that I stopped my advances at any point in time.” There’s warmth in his voice, a quiet kind of amusement in the formal words that, okay, makes Dean smile. “Is it working?”
He thought talking through sex was intimidating, when it turns out that talking the morning after is way more awkward.
Cas still blows him in the morning, sunlight dipping his skin into a golden glow, making his hair glimmer at the tips and his eyes shine in a pale blue. Dean doesn't let him finish him off like that, because he wants him in his arms, wants to kiss him when they both come, so they trade handjobs, lying on their side, facing each other. When he arches into Cas' touch, spilling all over his hand, his sole focus is the feeling of Cas' lips on his, gentle, yet firm, and there are no words needed for the feelings between them.
Dean can already hear something sizzling in a pan, and it smells awesome as he walks across the hall. He winces.
Leans forward, thumb and index finger curled around the base of Cas' dick, and takes him into his mouth.
Dean nods. “I think,” he starts anew, pulling down the zipper of Cas' jeans, “all I need is some practice.”
Castiel has him on the brink of orgasm in no time, and with both their hands around each other’s cocks, slipping, sliding together, skin hot, burning, he realizes he can’t look away — is still looking straight into Castiel’s eyes when he hits his orgasm, hard.
Unusual, but comfortable. It's a quiet car ride, a Boston song humming low from the speakers to fill the silence. They don't talk.
Surprisingly, this was less weird with the Roadhouse gang, with his found family. Dean rubs both hands over his eyes, feels Cas pull his hand away from his thigh, to curl his arm around Dean's shoulders.
“It just fits, for you two. You're both way too stubborn for your own good. To be literally at Death's door, that's the only way either one of you would ever have admitted it. Am I wrong?”
They always had each other. And Dean can finally allow himself to breathe, to enjoy this, to touch and to openly love. He just needs to cope.
“No,” Castiel whispers, between kisses, between a flick of tongue. “Let me. I want, no, don’t — want to feel you, too.”
It feels like the temperature in their spaceship just dropped about ten degrees. Dean swallows around a sudden lump in his throat — why does this feel like he’s about to sign a deal with the devil? No, not the devil. More like his evil henchman with an accent.
Dean is immediately charmed by the Wild West vibe of the park, there's a main street with shops and horses everywhere. He knows he becomes starry eyed despite the corny get-up of most of the artists. Of course he gets himself a corny get-up, too, he has to. Of course it's not accurate, but none of these people have ever been to the Wild West, like Dean has. He likes this glorified, Germanized version of it, though.
“You should finally invest in one of those automatic parking systems,” Sam notes, head turning every which way, checking monitors and distances, clearly not trusting Dean’s skills. It’s frankly insulting.
The longest ten minutes of his life, waiting, shivering in the cool living room, the fire having burned down hours ago, until Bobby returned. Holding baby Sammy close to keep him warm, Jo snuggling into his side while Ellen packed what little they could take with them.
“Well, we’re still Terrans,” Sam reminds him, waves over Dean’s shoulder, probably for the bartender’s attention.
But when Dean and Cas step through the door, Jo is fiddling with the consoles – today, it's a Wii, Dean knows that much – Charlie prepares what looks like instruments made out of plastic with colorful buttons, and Ash digs through a box of batteries.
“Not really, no,” Dean huffs, smiles. “Among other things, he, uh. Dropped the L-word. And I was speechless, you know, stunned. It came completely out of nowhere. And then the Empty took him and Billy.”
Because he will never have any sense of personal space, Cas squeezes in next to his feet. “Good memories,” he answers to the ceiling.
Cas frowns. “Technically, it's not anything less just because we didn't have penetrative sex, Dean.”
For once, Dean has time to look. Time to enjoy the road, enjoy the scenery, flat plains and the mountains rising in the distance, beautiful. He taps his fingers against the interior, elbow hanging out the open window. He enjoys watching Cas, driving, no hesitation as he taps the breaks, the wheel gliding along his deft fingers. His eyes are drawn tight with focus, a hint of a frown between them, lips closed but oh so tempting.
He looks at the light marble counter tops, at the stove, the ceramic sink under the window. The dinner table fits easily within the open span of the room, towards the living room. It's nice, it fits, it's cozy, yet open enough to not feel cramped.
Dean nods, feels his nose clog up. He sniffles. He knows he can cry and Cas is the last person on earth – or in heaven – who would judge him for it. Hell, he's cried in front of Cas almost as often as in front of Sam. It just doesn't feel right to cry
swirling in his chest. He goes for humorous. “For once I'm trying to keep it in my pants 'cause I like kissing you and then you go and do that.”
Another eyebrow from Charlie. “You sure? Because if I remember the books, there was quite some flirting going on from your part.”
There's a frown exchanged between them, and then Cas and Dean hurry over into the war room, aprons and all.
Though, when Dean looks at him, there's nothing angel-y about him, the way he leans against Dean's shoulder with his hair tousled and his lips looking like the definition of sinful. Dean scratches his nails up and down Cas' spine lazily, basking in the afterglow.
They can always have the most luxurious honeymoon suite once they reach Las Vegas. They'll probably sleep in the car when they stop at the Grand Canyon, though.
But she's one of his best friends, she knows him, she knows Cas. She wouldn't ask just to wind him up. And she's gay.
Dean enjoys his peace and quiet, enjoys his food, scarves down a second helping, too. His beer is empty when he grabs both the empty dish and the bottle, putting it in the empty crate under the counter and the dish into the kitchen sink.
"You're asking the wrong questions, Sam. You ask what exactly you need to do and which thing to collect, and then you ask how much you're gonna get for it. Those two line up? Done deal."
Dean says, surprising himself, “This irrational need to throw ourselves into the fire for each other, it was unhealthy anyway.”
For a moment, their eyes lock, and Cas opens and closes his mouth around words that don't quite make it.
Dean fuses himself to Cas' back, lets him feel his erection against his backside. “What are you cookin'?”
Dean hides his smile, nods at the keys in his lap. “I know, Cas. I don't think you'll need to. There's nothing he could or would say that'd make that necessary.”
Cas is nursing his favorite fruity cocktail and Dean is surprised that it isn't gone yet, after ten minutes since Jo put it down in front of him. Whatever kept him so occupied that afternoon seemed to still affect him, and Dean wonders.
Cas leans forward, into him, rests his head against Dean's shoulder, bliss on his face. “What? But you already have--”
They had made it, gotten through all of it, but lost Cas, and Dean's chance at whatever this thing was, was lost with him.
And that's not what Dean was saying, but it's a whole 'nother can of worms he has to open sooner or later. His joke certainly fell flat. “It's not about that,” he tries. “Not really.” He swallows the rest that is simply too much to put into words, right now. Instead, he takes the bowl of dried lentils and washes them, then throws them into the pot.
happening, lots of new situations. Next chapter will be our big turning point, I'll leave you with this tidbit to think about for the upcoming week.
And the short twinkle of doubt in Dean's mind, that most of these people are here because he dragged them down with him, that he's not worthy – it's gone.
Holding back a snarl, Dean mouths a wordless curse and frowns. Castiel’s shoulders square and his eyes widen.
His fingertip rests just above Dean's rim, so close, nerves tingling, and Dean swallows his nerves and nods, “But first.”
“She might still be.” Charlie shrugs. “Like I said, the tapes were old. Eighteen years, give or take. It might not even be her, and spaceport security tapes aren’t that HD, you know that.”
In the kitchen, Dean throws together a double cheeseburger, and puts that in front of Cas just as matter-of-factly. “Figured that would make you happy,” he offers, smiles to disarm Cas' irritation.
It's not enough and Dean needs Cas closer, just closer, so he doesn't hesitate to grab Cas' ass with both hands, smirks when blue eyes fall shut around a groan he totally caused. With a proud grin, he shoves his hard dick against Cas' again – and the way their bodies move against each other's, slick, wet skin sliding over slick, wet skin, bubbles trailing and tickling on their way upwards, it feels amazing all around.
“How are you?” Cas asks, in the cozy warmth of Dean’s bed, Dean’s cabin, all soft vowels and hidden smiles. It
As Crowley’s eyes track the three seconds of video, looking away from Dean and Sam, his eyebrows tick up. However, when he turns back to them, his face is back to condescendingly neutral and his answer is a measly, “Okay.”
If someone would've told him, just a few months ago, that he'd get so emotional, naked in bed with his partner, that the idea of sex would fly right out the window - he would've laughed in their face. Yet, here they are.
“First, privacy.” It's a lame excuse and Dean knows it, but he doesn't feel quite there yet, however, “And by the way, we should get revenge for that, on principle,” he states, finger pointed at the wall towards the sleeping rooms, not breaking eye contact.
He needs to calm down, give Dean another few hours. Maybe they just stopped for a quick rest. They are only human, after all.
Now that's truly an interesting fact to know. “Well, better get used to it, I got some work to do on the Impala, so.” He looks at Cas, squinting.
Leans down, places a kiss right there, between his shoulder blades. Asks the one thing that he wanted to ask for years. “Is this where your wings are?”
“The struggle, before that. To grow up, always feeling different, not quite fitting the norm. I guess it's easier, being bisexual, you could always conform to what was expected.”
And as Dean checks himself, he notices. There's a small, but very visible hickey on his neck, right above his collar bone, right beneath his field of view.
Dean goes fishing, early the next morning, to have some alone time, to clear his head. He feels like he needs it.
The Impala provides him with a conveniently placed bag of chips on the passenger seat, so Dean takes his time and enjoys the drive. He already figured that distances don't matter, here, not really. If he wanted to be at the Roadhouse in two minutes, he'd be there. If he enjoys the drive, he can take hours, just following the road where it takes him.
“Get your ass into bed,” Ellen says, and Dean can see Cas appearing at his side – or maybe he was there all along? - probably the latter.
Surprise sex scene! Did you like it? I love me some phone sex... :D our boys really missed each other. Makes you wonder how they will meet next... but first, Dean and Sam have a mission and Cas has some stuff to deal with...
“I’ve got one. If you want it. Would’ve called you tonight, one way or another. It’s not time critical.”
Dean doesn't react, he just slows down and rolls into the empty parking lot. There's a lone bench beside a cedar tree, and the view is beautiful.
So who might that be? :D Please leave your bets in the comments below and as always, did you like the smut? And the mini-date? Oh, that honeymoon phase, it's fun to write them fucking like newlyweds.
Last time: plot, what plot? The boys have sex, Dean has a minor revelation, some what-ifs get thrown around, and the boys have more sex.
They're maintaining their slow frottage, and at this point, it's merely to keep up the arousal, to steady that level of adrenaline and oxytocin in their bodies.
Jody rolls her eyes, but looks fond. “Ok, lovebirds, get over here. It's good to see ya,” she waves them in, hugs Dean and hugs Cas. “How've you been? Haven't seen you guys in ages.”
Sam also doesn't want to sit with him in the car for days at a time any more, but that's okay. They truly had their fair share of road trips in their time. Sam won't always be with him. Which is fine. The fact that Dean will have to build a whole entire new relationship with his brother – one that is not constructed around the fact that hunting is a necessity – it's all fine.
Dean sighs, showers and ignores his morning wood, texts Sam, and goes over to their place for breakfast.
Dean ducks his head, the sentence hitting him at full force. “Uh. Cas, you don't just say that to a guy.”
Dean smiles to himself, listens to Charlie and Cas discussing the inner workings of heaven and its setup. Soon after Dean has stopped listening to the theoretic monstrosity that was Jack's rework, and only focused on Cas' warmth beside him, Ash returns. He takes one look at Cas, hears two sentences from Charlie and dives head-first into the debate without saying hello or commenting Dean's position on the floor.
Cas hesitates. “I'm always... somewhere. But since sometimes, other angels seek me out or, certain humans who know where 'my place' is, I actually do have a place, yes.”
Even when they touch down in Bobby’s backyard, all Charlie does is put her hand on his elbow and look up at him, serious for the first time since she caught Dean in the kitchen, this morning.
Dean hums around his cock, gives it a few tugs with just his hand, kisses down the side to its base, never breaking eye contact. Chest rising and falling rapidly, Cas scratches his fingernails over Dean's scalp, and it only makes him hum with appreciation again.
And yet, watching a movie, popcorn on his lap, Dean feels all of fourteen and on a date with the simple hope to maybe get to second base. He rests his arm on the backrest of the sofa, right above Cas' shoulders, too.
“Did you have fun then?” Cas is grinning, the small version, the grin that says that this is between them and them only. Almost shy, even.
Ash points to Dean’s left, down the bar, and winks as he does it. “Dude over there. Went all wide-eyed when you came in. Guess these odds are in your favor.”
Cas shrugs with his shoulders only, hands at Dean's waistband again, thumbs under his shirt. He doesn't hesitate to answer, “As do you,” with a smile equally as smug as Dean's, and damn attractive, too.
Bobby nods, slowly, then puts his beer on the table behind them and flips the steaks. “See, I meant with you and Cas.”
During breakfast, they both get lost in their own thoughts. Dean notices Cas staring holes into the pancakes, eyes occasionally focusing on him, then shifting back to his own coffee. Dean looks probably just as shifty, trying to avoid any and all thoughts of what had hit him earlier, when the day was young and Cas was still asleep next to him.
“That grouchy son of a bitch wouldn't sell shit even if we charged anything or paid him,” Ellen rolls her eyes fondly. “He'd rather watch Jeopardy or hang out with Rufus,” she adds with a nod towards the corner where Dean noticed the two yesterday as well, “but they're like an old married couple. I don't hear the end of it when they fight until they kiss and make up again.”
He's takes stock of himself, sitting on the creeper, old jeans full of grease stains, his gray shirt soaked with sweat and garage dust. There's oil stains on his face, probably, from where he hit the oil pan of the Caprice at the wrong angle – and he hadn't seen the crack in it that gave way to the crowbar – and his hair... he has no idea, except that he knows he needs a shower. Like, yesterday.
“I know,” Eileen shoots him a nonplussed look and a high eyebrow. “Sam took my car and he had my phone. I didn't have papers or cell phone numbers. Until I was organized enough to find my way back home and get a new phone and reached out to Jody for your numbers – when I got a hold of Sam, you were already dead, Dean.”
Dean takes him in, head to toe, and he feels wrong. He feels wrong knowing that Jimmy has a mole above his right nipple. Feels wrong knowing what his dick looks like, what it feels like filling his mouth. Feels wrong to know what his come tastes like.
Big hugs and thank you to everyone who commented on last week's chapter! I promised that this one is worth the wait and I'm sure you won't be disappointed ;)
“You can always come visit, you know. Most people know I'm not into socializing too much and leave me alone, but, you - feel free to drop by whenever.”
Bars, with Sam, were always one of two things: getting drunk, hustling some pool before he was too drunk to do so, or getting drunk and picking up a girl before he was too drunk to do so. Sam either participated or rolled his eyes at him.
Cas zaps them home, and they fall into bed and into each other's arms immediately. Sleep comes easy, that night.
“What about you?” Cas asks, afterwards, when he has regained his breath and his decency, cleaned up and pants re-zipped.
But as the sun turns hotter and the shadows grow shorter, Dean hears the rustle of stiff fabric over metal, and a clack as a folding chair is dropped beside his. He smiles. The smell is instantly familiar, and when Cas asks, “Do you have a lure for me?” he provides with a silent nod.
Other people will write better fix-its, but this is mine. Thanks for joining me on this ride, thanks for enduring whatever this was. This is my longest fic ever. This has been near and dear to my heart, as a pansexual person, as a fan of the show for most of a decade. As someone who needs peace now that it's done, as someone who thinks Dean Winchester and Castiel deserved better. But I refuse to put an 'end' under this, because Dean and Cas will spend eternity together in heaven, and that's canon.
Dean breathes, clean sweat and sheets that smell both familiar and of a mixture of both of them and salty sea water.
One smaller Drifter is up on his back, trying to choke him, but Dean plants his feet to gain leverage and throws them right over his shoulder to slam them into the floor. It hits the air right out of them and Dean, still on one knee and perched above them, aims and hits his fist into their temple. Their eyes close.
Dean laughs, a feeling that just spreads with how much he enjoys seeing Cas here, being in his presence. Wordlessly, he puts the most frilly, sweet, pineapple-and-coconut-milk-cocktail in front of Cas that he can remember from the top of his head.
Dean smiles, leans his head against Cas' shoulder, feels Cas tilt his head against his. “Of course. What would you've done, though?”
The next time Cas leans down, Dean lifts his head, meets him half-way, pulls him under by his neck. He feels his own cock filling out, just from kissing. And just because he can, Dean pushes up, pushes his hips against Cas, testing the waters.
“I thought you wouldn't make fun of us?” Dean scowls at him, even though he knows Sam only meant it as a joke.
“The cave? Or my room?” he suggests as he forces himself to take a step back and grab their empties. Leading the way, Dean puts them on the counter in the kitchen, on their way past.
They work in silence for a while, just passing glasses and dishes back and forth, until Mary picks up the conversation again. “John and I, we had a lot of blanks to fill in. I missed so much even though I knew what had happened from what you and Sam and Cas told me, and from John's journal - but John also missed a huge part of your lifes. When I told him how many times you'd saved the world, he was speechless.”
It's weird. Maybe because as long as Dean can think, he and Sam have always been together. The few times they weren't for a prolonged period of time are standing out like a sore thumb.
“You know, if you want,” Ellen gestures at the bar. “We could use another set of helping hands here on the weekends.”
Dean nods, slumps against Cas, captures his face in both hands and kisses him, slow, sweet, as he rocks down, hips working. As he feels Cas meeting his thrusts, inch by delicious inch, two fingertips at his prostate now, Dean is pretty sure that--
“But I want to know why,” Dean states, lips tight, teeth grinding. He picks up his spoon and starts to eat, after all. “We gotta find them.”
Cas' lips open under his, sucking in a sharp breath, and with a snap of his fingers, he gets Dean's shorts off. The hard length sliding up next to his tells him that Cas hasn't just made short work of Dean's, but also his own remaining clothes. And yes, perfect, Dean had no ambitions of fumbling those off.
For now, he can be happy just looking at Cas. He wants to hug him, but there's two open bottles of beer still in his hands and Cas sits on the car, facing forward like Dean, and it's just an awkward angle and they can always do this later.
That's when it all falls into place and Dean realizes. “So all this time, you didn't know that Cas was still alive?”
Okay, so maybe Cas hates him a little bit right now, but it's not like he didn't know what he was in for.
And those bustling nights at the Roadhouse are giving Dean life. It allows him the right amount of being this charming persona that always worked well on hunts, enjoying life and seeing people happy. It's a job and it's fun. And it's only two nights a week, working with people he loves, seeing people he loves, entertaining and enjoyable. It's been his dream for a reason, and now he has it all.
“Same goes for you, you know,” Dean says, winks back, better, he assumes. “And, well. Thanks for last night.”
The truth is, part of him hoped that Cas would cut the red tape. All he does, though, is be so understanding and respectful. Never pushing Dean, not in these matters.
And still, Sam is sweating, just standing there, rearranging his fingers around the hilt of his gun. Safety off, finger off the trigger.
This is none of his business. Dean looks for Cas, and as if everyone felt the shift at the table, there's a ripple in heaven and the booth widens. Cas sits at the end of the bench after a short flutter of wings. Taking a seat next to him, Dean tips his knee against Cas' under the table. Cas smiles, a quiet, happy little thing curling his lips, sweet and indulgent. It makes Dean sigh, to see him so comfortable, so at home in this group of people.
Dean raises an eyebrow. Could it be that...? “I prayed to you, but I didn't think it would get through to you.”
Reaches over, takes Cas' hand and squeezes. And so, they sit there. Cas swallows the last of his beer. Dean smiles, almost delirious with how happy he is, underneath the anxiety that he has yet to tell Cas how he feels. Cas smiles back at him, and it's right and they're here and the only question, really, is where they go
Dean blinks. Cas tilts his head, eyes squinting, and that's just way too adorable. Under the table, Dean rests his knee against Cas'.
Dean imagines the bunker, and everything that happened there. How delighted he was to move in, to have his own room, his man cave, the freaking TV that zapped them into Scooby-World. But also all the people that died there. The hunters from Apocalypse World. How he and Sam almost died in there.
“I'm quite fond of it, too,” Cas says, tilting his head back, studying the clear sky. It's easy to get lost, staring at him. “I also agree with him. Heaven is the way it is now, because the angels meddled on earth, but it's finally time to just – let things go their natural course. It's better this way.”
Cas sniffles in his sleep and it's adorable, and Dean shifts to lie more on top of him, one knee wedged between Cas', his head at his shoulder, his arm slung around Cas' middle.
"I don't pay you. You get your fair share,” Dean retorts, dry as you please. His fingers are already flying across Baby's screen, slapping coordinates down that he knows by heart.
Dean looks at Cas, tries to focus on him, on the only person that matters, and ignore their audience. Because this is for Cas.
Dean lets Cas talk about their garden and his bee colony including all the intricacies of bee keeping, Dean tells her about their hot tub – not what they've done in it, obviously - and how perfect the lake is to relax and go fishing, and he promises to invite her over for pie soon.
“Oh?” At the sight of the data chip, Crowley only raises his eyebrows. He wears Akkarean clothes, like any Terran trying to pass as a higher class than they are; all high collars, slick shiny coats and dark scarves. “A data chip. Color me impressed.” His words are dripping with sarcasm.
Dean groans, pulls him up with both hands on his cheeks, framing his beautifully sculpted face – so what if orgasm makes Dean poetic, it's just in his mind – and kisses him, with lots of tongue, tasting himself there. Since he's already succumbed to the fact that he will have to shower again anyway, he slides down the counter, kneels on the floor between Cas' feet.
Very unimpressed, Jo levels him with a raised eyebrow. “And? You do that all the time, charming fucker that you are.”
Groaning, pushing down and forward, to feel Cas against him, rock hard and leaking pre-come. Dean's vision is blurry with pleasure. Deeming one hand on the headboard enough to keep him upright, he reaches down, curls his fingers around Cas' dick.
She nods, then says, "Hello," a bit too quiet, slow and carefully pronounced. "My name is Eileen from the folk of the T'narrian."
“Nice dick,” slips past his lips before he gives it a second thought. And through the fog, it really is. Proportionate. Uncut.
is all he says, in that voice of his that would make any sexline go bankrupt because Dean would legit cream his pants just hearing that one word, just his name.
The gigantic hatch of the loading bay starts closing, but they are faster — barely, but they are — and then they’re out, in open space.
However, when the counters are clean and the scraps are disposed of and the trash is in the can, he can't escape Cas any more.
Cas snorts out a laugh, then pushes Dean off with his chin high and eyes blazing, and heads for the bathroom, losing the apron along the way. Dean watches, mesmerized, as he walks behind him. Now that's a sight for sore eyes.
Merry Christmas to everyone who's celebrating - and happy holidays to all of us! Stay safe & healthy. Thank you for being here <3
It takes him a moment, but Cas does get up from his crouch and turns to him, then steps away from the hive and comes over to where Dean sits on the porch steps.
And so, Dean pulls out of the driveway, and they roll down the road to Sam's and Eileen's place to pick them up.
He half-expects Cas' side to only have tan trench coats, ten blue ties, and several cheap black suits and part of him would be amused, but for the most part, he'd be disappointed. Honestly, he would really like to see Cas in different clothing – and less layers – for once.
Dean sighs, takes a towel, and starts drying plates. The thing is, he can see them like this, talking about silly everyday stuff in front of the soapy sink.
, isn't worthy. Tells him that Cas probably regrets giving up his grace for Dean already. A voice that sounds a lot like John Winchester.
But they're all happier without it. Dean can feel it, that weight off his shoulders, the way Cas stands taller, the way Sam talks, more carefree than ever.
He hits the gas, pulling into the garage, then, and kills the engine. Neither of them moves, only the center light of the garage creates less dim shadows through the windshield.
Suddenly, it's very silent in the bunker. Dean can't help it – a grin is etched onto his face permanently now. Shit, Cas gave up
“Okay.” And now there's a grin behind that carefully schooled expression, Cas’ blue eyes glittering with dirty thoughts, and Dean can feel it. It sparks something dark and carnal within him.
Those lips should not be allowed to do those things, Dean finds himself thinking. It makes him think inappropriate stuff. Like how those lips would curl around his cock.
“That there were situations that led to orgasms,” Dean mumbles. It sounds stupid now that he's saying it.
Dean huffs. “Okay. Stay safe, Cas.” He knows Cas will hear him. He also knows it's pointless, since they're in heaven, and everything is safe. He knows it's only a sentiment.
When they get to the burping game, Dean can't stop laughing. Shaking the Wiimote up and down in a jerking motion. Then pushing the button to open the soda bottle and, mimicking Ash' stunt with the beer can before, holding it up to your mouth to drink it down. That stupid mini game has all the sexual implications that Dean's mind, which is very comfy in its gutter, thank you very much, just cannot ignore.
This time: Breaking into the Akkarean palace and saving Mary Winchester, no big deal, just another regular Tuesday for the Singer brothers. What could possibly go wrong?
Conveniently, Akkareans also like to think they’re better than the rest of the races in the universe and prefer to stick to their own, socially. It’s not exactly a hardship to find places to avoid them.
Reaches up, cradles Dean's face in both hands and puts his lips on Dean's, so tender, so loving that it makes Dean gasp.
As much as he made fun of Sam's beard after the whole Michael incident, this, this, no, does not compare, does not compare.
As he leans back into the seat, Dean fidgets with the keys instead of starting the car. “Do we need one?”
Dean groans and heaves himself into a sitting position. The floor is slick and cold under his hands — polished metal. When he opens his eyes with some effort, he feels a hand on his shoulder. The hand is warm, rough fingertips meeting his shoulder blade, stroking, but steadying him, and he does need it, anchors his shaking, spinning world to that hand.
He doesn't know how long they are making out in the garage, dirty and filthy with Dean perched on top of the hood of the Impala.
“No, I don't,” Dean states. “My Dad is a lot of things, but he's not a homophobe. He's just a guy who grew up in the times he grew up in. I'm not nervous.”
So Dean leans down, rests his weight on his elbows, at both sides of Cas' head, wraps his fingers into just long enough strands of dark hair, and makes out with Cas like he's sixteen and has no idea what to do or where this might go, like he's sixteen and kissing is the most amazing thing to do, like a bit of frottage over clothes is the most he hopes to get out of this, like he's sixteen and orgasms are still something that happens and nothing he can control.
Instead of letting this get to him, he goes to take care of his bladder, and finds Cas getting dressed when he re-emerges. Still, he gets an eyeful of underwear being pulled up and over that perfect, perky ass. There are so many feelings swirling in his guts — not shame, never shame, but a weird mix of insecurity and guilt, inexplicably, and desire, and there’s a tingling in his toes. Frankly, he's out of his depth here.
And finally, between all the discoveries of the bedroom kind that he made with Cas over the past days, between having lunch with family and friends, between nights at the Roadhouse – between all of that filling his life here with more than enough to do, he finally realized something.
“Ramen, Yakitori, Sushi, even burgers,” Cas lists. “We could get the fanciest Sashimi in town. Or Okonomiyaki.”
He’s not even bothered about his dwindling erection or how obscene it must look when he rolls out of bed and heads for the en-suite bathroom. “You want breakfast?” He tries to brush it off, voice breaking, high-pitched, betraying him. He doesn’t look over his shoulder, can’t stand the sight of Cas in his sheets right now. On his memory foam mattress.
Baby may be an unremarkable, simple ship — old bones, Terran built with an Akkarean hyperspace module, as was the custom at the time — but she still reminds Dean to this day that they made it. Despite, as he later learned, a planetary atom bomb, dropped by Akkareans, giving them a mere five hours to evacuate. The population of Shanghai, China, where the bomb hit, was not so lucky, and nor was the Eastern part of Russia or the entirety of Japan, Taiwan, and Korea.
To think that his brother would be the guy to be married for forty years and still get starry-eyed at mentioning his wife, but of course.
He can only imagine the chapter title. 'Angels inhabiting a vessel and the consequential effects on sperm qualities and taste of bodily fluids'.
Sam sits down, puts his seatbelt on, and grabs the bucket from under the control panel. “As I’ll ever be. I still want to drive, not jump, for the record.”
If Cas wanted to kiss him, he could always turn his head and do it. And all of today and yesterday has been about Dean, it's about time that he lets Cas have some control. But, if Cas wants to talk about kissing, Dean can do that.
She signs an okay and stops. In the direct line of the airlock chamber, it’s hard to miss. She’s pretty. Her eyes are a dark brown, big and full of expression; her skin opalescent, nothing like Sam has ever seen before. However, objectifying alien races has always been Dean's schtick, so Sam forces himself to follow her hands as she signs —
Sam has a very hard time keeping in check what his face does. She’s stunning. Drop-dead gorgeous, stunning. “Hey, nice to see you. What’s up?” He tries to play it casual.
As you can probably guess, we're rapidly approaching the finale of this fic, but don't worry, at least three chapters left. I haven't planned it out yet. But I promise you three chapters, at least. Maybe an epilogue. But who am I kidding, this fic is an epilogue in and of itself, that's the whole point of me writing this.
It's his Mom who opens the door to Sam and Eileen. Golden locks framing her face, laugh lines crinkling around her eyes. Just his Mom. Not scary at all.
Dean swallows. To this day, it's one of his better hookup experiences, and while the kink never occurred to him before that, he got it, that night. “There was... another girl. Just someone I picked up at a bar and she was already talking about me fucking her ass on the way to the car. Honestly, I did not know just how obsessed she was with it. In a good way, though. We barely got any foreplay in, she knew what she wanted, and I just laid there and watched her do all the work, prepare herself – which, since she didn't do this for the first time, took her like thirty seconds but, man, that was
his hair. He looks frozen in place, faced with Cas and Dean and their everything-but-heterosexual thing. It must be weird, though, what with Cas looking exactly like him, so, fair enough.
Cas just looks at him, waits for Dean to continue. There's that specific arc to his left eyebrow, one of the many, many expressions Dean has learned to identify as a typical, endearing Cas thing. It only ramps up the affection swelling in his chest.
His hands are on his face, over his mouth, muffling the moan. Dean feels the tell-tale twitch in his hand, feels the head harden under his fingertips, and pumps him through it. Feels muscles tighten in his abdomen, feels Cas' back tense and his hips jerk with the intensity. As he's coming down, Dean slides off his body, lays down beside him.
“I could’ve made breakfast,” Sam protests, weakly, gesturing along with his words, the way he has since she landed, pointing at things, signing with his literal hands and feet.
He smiles a small, lopsided smile. “Heya, Sammy,” he says, like they're still kids, like he did when he was sixteen and picked up Sam from school, like he did when he was ten and Sam returned from the fill-up joint across that week's greasy motel, like he did when he fetched Sam from his college dorm, that fateful night.
kiss it off his stupid, cute face, Cas manages to ask, “Where do you want to go?” between Dean peppering his cheek and necks and jaw with little nips and kisses.
And when Cas gets up and declares that he's done for the day, Dean suggests trying the hot tub after all his hard work.
Cas does what Dean likes to do to him, then, and of course he did that because he likes it so – it really comes full circle, here, when Cas puts his lips, slack, around the head of his dick to tease him, loose touch so fleeting, so delicate and yet making pleasure shoot through Dean's veins at every feather-light touch of his lips.
It's a beautiful scenery, mountains around him, the bridge crossing a wide river, water splashing over rocks as birds cry in the distance.
After Jack and Cas went on their daily maintenance run together, supposedly fixing some minor structural things Dean can't get behind, Dean had staid with his Mom. “So how has it been, with Dad?”
“Yeah, I know the story,” Sam teases with a fond roll of his eyes. “Go, have fun. Don’t be too butthurt when you’re back here in two minutes.”
Dean claps his hands, and the kitchen island including a breakfast counter appears. “Now that's what I'm talking about,” Dean mumbles, looks at Cas, and finds him rounding the island with his fingertips following the lines of the smooth marble. He stops right in front of Dean, and considering the space on the counter top if he ever wanted to-- yeah, that needs to be bigger.
The first three tries end up with the head of Cas' cock nudging against Dean's rim and slipping off, against his balls or up his crack. After the third time, Dean snorts with frustration and Cas kisses it off his lips, grinning against them. “Here, let me,” he offers, voice a quiet, reassuring whisper against the drums that are Dean's heartbeat in his ears.
Sam continues, “And for the birds and bees, Dean, is there a section on Busty Asian Beauties for that kind of--”
And as if he didn't have a semi already, Dean finds himself fully hard, dick straining against the zipper of his jeans.
The course of events would later be described by one of the only surviving historians as, “not unlike the atom bombs dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki but at planetary scale”.
But he finds himself here without a clue of what to do. Sure, he has a general understanding of how gay people have sex, but that was always so far removed from any of his experiences. That was things others did, never him. It never came up, it was never relevant.
Dean throws his hands up in defeat. “You know, if they'd done that sooner, we wouldn't have had to jump through all these hoops to get Cas back.”
The smirk is still there as Dean gets dressed, careful to put on a bit of a show for Cas, stretching his back as he slips into the t-shirt, rolling his shoulders, bending down for his jeans.
freak Dean out, shouldn’t it? There’s a rule Dean set up for himself, to not bring anyone in here, or only if he knows they will be gone by the end of the night. He should have a
Sam gets more and more nervous the more time passes, is unnerved when he checks the scanner every five minutes and there’s still no salvaged Akkarean military ship parked next to Baby.
“Yeah,” Dean sighs, but smiles, lets his hand linger against Cas' shoulder before he slides back to where he was oiling up the casserole dish.
Not that Dean didn't also notice the working pants Cas wore again. It's hard to overlook that ass in those pants.
Holding up her arm, Eileen shows him the freckled, iridescent shimmer of her skin. It’s beautiful, the different shades of blue and green dancing in the low lighting. Sam takes it in, draws in a breath, squints at her. “So you were settlers from Akkarea and left your settlement?”
He's sure they all took note of him and Cas, there, but all he saw was quiet little smiles, averted eyes – not out of shame, but to not intrude on their moment – and yeah, that's what you do, isn't it?
Not like anything more happened that night, but Dean remembers being nervous, being a mess of jittery hands and curling heat in his pants, with nowhere to go and no idea of what to do.
With Cas wrapping both arms around his neck in response, Dean is pulled in and pulled under before he can so much as blink. The movie is flickering over their TV, but neither one of them pays it any attention. All Dean feels is Cas' lips on his, slow and careful at first, then insistent and hungry, and before he realizes, they have a full-on make-out session going on and he doesn't know where to put his hands.
“I’d like to, Sam,” she says, and for the first time, Sam hears his name from her tongue, and it makes something warm and terrifying take root in his heart.
“Like one just goes to Akkarea,” Dean snarks back, “like it’s not next to impossible to even get through the outer ring of defense.”
Cas refills their coffee and when he sits down, Dean finds a little comfort tangling his foot with Cas' under the table.
He takes the heat out of the kiss on principle, pulls back, tips his forehead against Cas, breathes.
Dean's heart is beating too loud, too fast. An idea strikes him. “If someone would've told me about this like twelve years ago, I'd have lost it.”
Leaning back in his chair with a lopsided smile, Crowley takes a deep breath. “Meet me. Let me tell you a story. Have your mind blown. Work with me, in a general sense. No direct jobs, for now. And I’ll find you Mary Winchester.”
Dean still kisses Cas, hungry, unrelenting, as he works his pants open, gasping into his mouth when he finds Cas' hard cock underneath. He doesn't touch him, slips his hands under the waistband and pulls his work pants down, doesn't stop to let Cas step out of them. Tugging at Cas' shirt is an easy choice, they know they both need a shower anyway. Cas groans, maybe a bit impatient, but mostly frustrated. His hands are curling into Dean's plaid overshirt, trying to get it off.
The staring match between them is one last reassurance. One last gaze that says, 'Are we doing this?' and a nod, a confident smile.
Opening the button of Cas' jeans, Dean dips his fingers under the waistband and caresses the soft skin there with his fingertips. He's nervous. His hands are shaking. “And it scares the shit outta me,” his voice is too deep, too rough. “And you know that.”
“Ah, don’t you worry your pretty little heads,” Crowley smiles, smarmy as ever, “I’ll get you a way in. Some water-tight, fake documents, no biggie.”
“Go shower, you stink,” Dean scrunches his nose. Not that he didn’t smell like sex and lube up until an hour ago.
Dean doesn't want to admit that the scrambled tofu really tastes like scrambled eggs. He makes a face but gets seconds anyways.
“Dean,” Cas starts, looking straight at him, before his gaze shifts to the page before him, “I thought a lot about what my vow would be today, what I would even promise you. After all we've been through, you and I, it seems so insignificant. And yet, it's the most important part of it all, the reason why we're here. I wasn't supposed to get too close to the humans in my charge, and yet I did. I wasn't supposed to fall in love with you, and yet I did. We were not meant to be, and yet here we are. You told me once, to 'don't ever change'. And yet, you've changed me. Not only that, but you also changed alongside with me, and together, we cared too much about the whole world. It never was destiny or some divine plan, it was always just dumb luck with the two of us. I love you for all that you are, Dean. So let me promise you this: I will be by your side and change with you, wherever our road may lead us.”
The memory catches him so off-guard, he's full-on laughing, curling into his knees. Hence why in the end, he doesn't hear neither bees buzzing nor feathers fluttering. But he feels the Impala's front suspension dip with another body's weight and still chuckles when he sees him.
“Cas, I swear, if you say something about you not being my type again, I’m gonna whack you with a spoon,” Dean mumbles, sleepily.
Dean huffs. “I guess. I don't know. And trust me, we've all been waiting. Eileen is patient, or she tries to be. But I dunno, if I was dead for 40 years and have been here 4 days, then Sam must be, what, 130 years old now?”
He's feeling sleepy and bold, so he kisses Cas' jaw. His voice sounds only a little broken when he mumbles, “You know I love you, right?”
The Impala is not a small car and this is far from the first time Dean has done this, but rearranging themselves so Dean has some way of holding himself upright against Cas, it's a feat.
Dean doesn't think about it, refuses to. So he rolls over, throws a knee over Cas' thighs, burrows in against his shoulder and says, “'night, Cas.”
“Look, we’ve got enough Credits on our account, alright? No need to hustle pool. Get a drink or two, enjoy yourself. Hit on whatever floats your boat. I don’t judge and I promise not to monopolize the command bridge again.”
Thanks to Crowley’s downpayment, their pockets are sufficiently lined for a fun night out, and frankly, Dean has been itching for it.
Cas sighs. “Yes. Knowing you for as long as I have, I was sure you wouldn't--” he turns away, stares out the window. “I know what you said. But I knew what would happen if you returned the sentiment. And it did.”
It's Charlie's turn to shrug, and her hair falls into her eyes when she mumbles. “I was just wondering, about you two. You only met him here in heaven once everything was over, right?”
Can't think beyond Cas, in his arms, can't think beyond his own hands, clutched around Cas' shoulders. Dean puts his feet apart, lines them up properly, grinds his thigh between Cas' legs as Cas meets his every move with a tilt of his hips.
His shin is rough with hair, hard with thick muscles. Dean swallows around the lump suddenly lodged in his throat.
Dean doesn’t have time to watch him. Doesn’t have time to consider that Castiel might just fly off without him. The thought gets dismissed the millisecond it pops up. He’s going to have to trust Castiel. Weirdly enough, it’s not that hard to do.
Dean closes his eyes, wallows in the feeling of Cas' fingers drawing circles behind his ear. It makes him wonder, what Cas' mouth around him will feel like. But he'll find out soon enough, anyway.
Early on Sunday morning, Dean kisses Cas' temple when he leaves their bed and heads out to the lake, to go fishing and clear his head.
To be fair, Dean is pretty much full, but there's still bacon and this easy conversation is definitely better with something crunchy between his teeth. “Do
The days and weeks all blend together after that. Christmas looms around the corner way too fast, and Dean spends Christmas eve with Cas at Sam's and Eileen's, and they drink eggnog all night until Eileen passes out. The morning after, there's cheesy gifts wrapped in newspaper for old time's sake, and Dean gets a gift voucher for a sex shop from Sam and a necklace from Cas. The symbol on the coin hanging on it is Enochian, and Cas won't reveal what it means, just that he likes to see Dean wearing jewelry. So Dean wears it anyway.
“Get a fucking room, you two!” he calls out. With a sigh, he turns his back on them and nudges Cas' side. “C'mon, we should probably get this cleaned up.”
Cas quirks a Sam-esque eyebrow at him. Dean can't quite believe that this is his life – well after-life – now.
The voice is smarmy, condescending, heavy with arrogance and barely hidden distaste, and fits its owner perfectly.
And at 4 a.m., every patron who is still here is either asleep in their seat or on the pool table, or got zapped home one way or another.
That's his family. Part of it. But his family. The family he found along the way, the family that found him, the family that didn't begin with blood and sure as hell didn't end there.
He feels it before he realizes. Soft fingertips are blindly searching for his in the semi-darkness, trailing along his palm, not quite sure how to do this.
It's not like Dean recognizes all that many people that are waiting for whoever is on their way. In fact, there's a lot of unfamiliar faces in the crowd today.
The moment he hits the antigrav switch, Baby dips down with the full gravity of Betelgeuse III pulling at her chassis, one-and-a-third times as much as the Earth’s was. It’s not that noticeable, not if you’re used to it. But it’s the reason why first-generation Terrans born here grow up to be shorter, stockier.
When Sam apparently determined Dean's caffeine intake to be sufficient, he clears his throat. Dean knows him too well to not realize that whatever comes now, it has been irking Sam for the longest time.
“Sorry,” Cas smiles with a stroke of his hand along Dean's jaw, a tingle following his touch as he runs his thumb over Dean's bottom lip.
The door opens and a round of “Surprise!” is Dean's only warning before a familiar redhead throws herself into his arms.
Cas pops in around lunchtime, eyeing Dean up and down as he finds him bent over the open hood. Dean takes his time, of course, gives Cas all the time he wants, to look. Smirks over his shoulder, because he can.
Mary leans forward, elbows on the table, and looks at Dean, unwavering. “If he has anything to say but 'Dean, I'm happy for you', I'm going to kick his ass.”
Sam tilts his head, scowling. “What about, I don't know. The dead angels in the empty. Gabriel, for example?”
Dean sighs, defeated. “Let’s look for a job, okay? We can always go for this once we have more info. Trail can’t get any colder anyway.”
Dean tips his head side-to-side. “Yeah, well. It's better than that dress shirt that's way too big on you. So I don't mind, I guess.”
The drive was a short one, and it hadn't hit Dean until he rang the doorbell – he's not only going to see his Mom again.
Cas just watches, confused, from the sidelines, and while Dean chats with Ash, about the current state of gaming – not that he has any clue but Ash apparently thinks he'd enjoy Resident Evil for some reason – Dean feels pride swell in his chest. Cas hasn't met a lot of the people that were family to him, either because they were dead already or because it didn't line up.
And Dean can't help but chuckle, running his hands over his face. “And you were full of all that righteous bullcrap, holy smokes. That's so funny in hindsight.”
“Plus, John did get the short end of the stick,” Mary notes amused. “Two boys in puberty as a single parent, I guess that wasn't fun.”
Staring into the mirror for a moment, Dean hesitates. If he wanted to, he could snap it away. But it's also... proof. Proof in the shape of Cas' mouth, right there, for everyone to see. It's not a secret or anything, they are not a secret, especially after last night, so he has nothing to hide. There's no need to pretend.
Dean stares at Cas, at the bar, having an obviously stilted but – at least on Ash' part – amusing conversation.
He shakes off the tangent his mind has headed down. He has bigger things to worry about, like getting the full picture before making a decision on joining the rebellion or not.
Dean, on the other hand, is in his element, the music putting that certain kind of swagger in his steps, in the sway of his hips — and still, as he heads straight for the bar and grabs a seat, he takes a careful look around. Better safe than sorry. Just because Akkareans think they’re too good for places like these doesn’t mean there’s actually a valid reason to deny them entry. Without getting into trouble, that is. It wouldn’t be their first run in with Akkarean agents or ship crew spending the evening slumming it, either, and those never proved to be pleasant.
Dean stares, loses himself a bit in the blue of Castiel’s eyes. And he’s not so wrong, about the gift horse. Maybe they were lucky, and maybe that’s okay. Maybe the first Akkarean ship that got a report about a supposedly stolen ship just happened to be the one with an Akkarean commander who actually cared about right and wrong. Maybe Naomi was just one of a kind-of not-that-hostile Akkareans who actually didn’t hold a grudge against Terrans.
He looks out into the hallway, and something is off, so he points at the door across the hall that definitely was not there last time he checked.
When Dean looks over, the guy is gone, despite his promise to be there if Dean would change his mind.
Dean shouldn't watch, for all the lesbian porn he's watched in his day, it just feels wrong when it's his friends, but he can also barely overlook the fact that Jo turns her head and kisses Charlie square on the lips, one, two, three times, and the third one lingers.
He makes himself aware of every part of Cas above him, from his hairy legs, one between Dean's knees, up to sharp hipbones and a toned stomach and chest, lining up with his own body from neck to toe.
Reaching around, Dean slicks up Cas' cock with his own come, and isn't that a nice sentiment, marking him.
You guys, your comments have blown me away. I have no idea how I deserve all this love, but I'm so so happy that this fic gives you some peace and comfort. It does, for me, too. And I have a feeling we all need it, in the wake of the finale.
Charlie quirks an eyebrow at him. “Ah, not there yet? Ok, no labels, got it. But yes, took me years to go out there and confidently say I'm a lesbian.”
Beside him, Sam pukes into the bucket. He always does when they jump. “I hate you,” he says between bouts of vomiting.
What Dean does say, is, “Béchamel sauce,” because that's one thing he knows how to do. “Would you grate the cheese, please?”
He can't help but watch the other guy's Adam's apple bob with a swallow. There's a tinge of red on his cheeks, under the dark stubble, if Dean is not mistaken. "So you are saying you don't 'bat for my team'?" He even does the air quotes — who even does that anymore? What a dork. The familiar term, though, Terran as it is, makes warmth spread in his gut. At least not someone he’ll need to defend his Terran heritage to.
Wednesday morning, Dean spends entirely in bed with Cas, too lazy to get up, and by the time lunchtime rolls around, they have gotten each other off two times
Cas' lips look so soft, so plush. Dean can't stop staring, and because he can, he pulls Cas down to kiss him, almost throwing him off balance. It only gets them impossibly closer, gets them even more delicious friction of skin against skin, and Dean feels himself topple comically slowly yet surprisingly fast towards the edge.
His hands clutch at Cas' elbows, showing him exactly that he wants to keep him, right here, as he kisses back with all he has to offer. All the love, all the need, all the silent pleas.
With a sigh, Cas explains, “You can have everything you want here, but the greater mechanics at work here will tap into your subconscious. So when you imagine your house, things that you hate but would never admit to will be taken care of. There's also two little factors. Whatever you wish for and materialize here, it has... let's call it, an element of your true desires. And it will not appear out of spite.”
Cas' eyes turn wide as he puts together what this means, and he suddenly starts to chuckle. “I see. So I wouldn't have needed to question whether you wanted to get married or not. It was your plan all along.”
He curls into himself from laughing too hard and hands the controller to Cas when it's his turn to burp.
The Impala isn't a small car by any means, but they're two grown men in the front seat. And there's a steering wheel in front of Dean, even though they don't have a stick shift and a center console to work around.
Exchanging a short look with Sam and a longer one with Cas, Dean tries to put into words what has his mind in a tangle. Sam only swallows, Cas gives a tiny nod.
“He can't control you,” Amara smiles. “Since you're part angel, part human, you will always exist between the realms. And you're more powerful than he's comfortable with.”
And of course Cas tilts his head to the side and squints at him, confused and cute. His eyes do that thing where they bore into his and leave him completely see-through and vulnerable. He doesn't need to ask what Dean means because Dean can hear it, loud and clear.
That's also when he spots his Mom coming up to the bar and the half-chubbie in his pants dies a quick, unrelenting death.
Now this will be the last update before Christmas, but as usual, expect the next chapter to be up by the end of the week (depending on how I get my writing done over the holidays). For anyone who's worried: no, we are not nearly done. And when I started this, I did not expect it to clock in at this wordcount, holy smokes.
It takes him a moment to process as they unpack the contents onto the table. It's not just any generic picnic basket, no, it has all of Dean's favorite snacks, tiny burgers, some sandwiches and fruit. Cas packed this with intent, and acknowledging this makes Dean pretty happy.
His face spells out pure confusion as Dean walks past him, one hand squeezing his waist as he does, and heads for the passenger side door.
“Sorry,” Cas tips his chin up, kisses down Dean's neck until his muscles give out and Dean drops his head against Cas' shoulder. Taking full advantage of it, Cas follows it up with a whispered, “You try keeping it in your pants with a lap full of gorgeous, green-eyed hunter with freckles.”
“Yes, really,” she grins. “Call it a Mom thing, you know when you're introduced to your children's significant others.”
Cas shoots him a look, as if asking if he should zap them or if Dean wants to drive. Dean quirks an eyebrow, Cas rolls his eyes. Only a bit, more fond than actually annoyed. Dean grins. Well, if he keeps asking when he knows exactly what Dean is going to say, Dean is going to react exactly like Cas thinks he will. Cas finally breaks eye contact and shifts on his feet, elbow nudging against Dean's.
was the third wheel, remember his whole speech about extra stability and stuff?” Dean asks back as he opens the driver side door of the Impala.
“We usually keep to ourselves. For that exact reason.” Sam wracks his brain, but can’t find a solution. “Shit,” he curses.
"Dean." Sam's voice is very unimpressed and slightly tinny over the intercom. Still, even if Dean couldn't see it, he hears the huge grin on his face. "You're not a cowboy."
“They have a choice, too. Stay asleep, or come back without their memory. Human, without their angelic powers.”
It works for them, and that's the point. Dean grins an epic, happy smile, and finds Cas' lips curled at the edges.
And there's a celebratory dinner Dean never expected – with Jack and Sam and Rowena, and Cas at his side. The bean-and-lentil-excuse of a lasagna is actually damn tasty, and Dean stuffs his face and grins around the rim of his beer. It's a shame that there's no pie for dessert, but that's an issue for tomorrow-Dean to fix.
The moan that rips out of him is unexpected and all-encompassing. For a moment, he sees stars as he feels himself tip over the edge, coming in his underwear.
“You do realize that most people don't take their car with them into the afterlife,” Cas states, dry as ever, but his unique kind of humor shining through if you know what to look for.
Mary is serious and quiet when she states, “You know how I feel about Cas. He's one of my boys. Always has been. He's everything I ever wanted for you.”
packed, all tables fully seated and not a single free stool at the bar. Some people are playing darts and pool in the back, and Dean smells whiskey and beer, smoke and bacon, pizza and worn wood and yes – this, this is heaven.
Cas looks at him, lips opening around a question that never gets asked, because Dean knows exactly what he wants to ask.
The rings burn a hole into the pocket of his jeans, and his heart is beating too fast, too loud, again.
That's when a flutter of wings interrupts them, and when Dean checks over his shoulder, he finds Cas on the sofa behind him. Elation spreads in his chest. “Heya, Cas,” he greets him with a lopsided smile, and scoots back, leans his shoulder against Cas' knee. “Everything alright?”
“Seriously. No one's gonna be butthurt if you skip a night. This is not a job and you don't get paid to be here,” she grouses.
Dean strokes his cock, once, twice, to the thought of Cas, wet and head tilted back under the shower spray. Then his brain gets stuck on the image of Cas having no idea what to do with him here, and it would probably be awkward and someone would hit the faucet and the water would turn cold and that's it for any sexy shower times.
So who ordered plot and schmaltz with a side of porn and also fluff because there you go. Look forward to the next chapter, I'll have so much fun writing that, and not because of smut reasons (ok, maybe smut reasons too, but I don't even know yet - I'm just excited because shenanigans incoming!).
Tapping his index finger to his chin repeatedly, Crowley looks off screen for a moment. “Good question. I might have a job for you, if you’re willing to… kick it up a notch, from what you’ve been doing so far.”
“Yeah, right,” Sam mumbles, then activates the speaker system again. “I’m not letting you in until you tell me what you’re doing here and where you’re from.”
Guests coming and going, bringing pie or whiskey or both, and if anyone notices the rings, they don't comment on it.
They sit and drink in silence, and Dean realizes that he has the perfect opportunity, right here, right now. However, he doesn't know where to begin without sounding like a spoiled brat.
Dean wants to purr under Cas' ministrations, it's that good. Satisfying, scratching an itch, soothing.
Dean chuckles and waves him off. With one eye open, he blinks up at Cas. “Don't worry. Do we have something to wipe this off?” he asks, cum dripping from his lips into his mouth as he speaks. He needs to clean his nose asap, because it feels clogged and weird. Cas produces a piece of cloth from somewhere, Dean doesn't care what it is, and he doesn't hesitate to wipe his face down and blow his nose and yes, that's better.
already, and the shower has been a tempting third time. In the end, Dean sighed and opted to hurry it up and go over to Sam and Eileen for lunch. Cas fertilizes the soil in the greenhouse in the afternoon, and Dean sucks it up, puts on some working clothes, and hauls dung with a wheelbarrow for Cas to shovel under the soil with a pitchfork.
When they part, Dean claps his hand on his little brother's shoulder, guides him to the railing, looks at the same mountain, content. Happy. He takes a moment to wallow in this feeling, in knowing that he has everything, everyone, right here - that his heaven is well and truly complete.
So what, he dug the look, he honestly did. It was way back when he still dressed like his Dad, just to be like him. When the roadie look was what he found inspiring, too. He simply was young and easy to impress.
nervous. Because these things always make you nervous, not because it's Dad. I've never, ever had even one girlfriend that I brought home to meet my parents, so this is a first for me, too.”
in the depths of the bunker any more. He does not want to think about his brother and a certain red-head going at it, so he nods towards the door. “C'mon, let's get out of here.”
Cas looks him in the eye, unwavering, and quietly, seriously tells him, “I'm in love with you, too, Dean.”
A flutter of wings tells him Cas is gone, so he gets his jacket, the keys of the Impala, and gets her on the road.
That's when Dean spares a glance at him – once again in his usual attire, trench coat and all. “Man, we gotta talk about your wardrobe. You know, I'm sentimental too, and the tie--” he stops the car, puts her into drive, but doesn't let up on the breaks. Instead, he leans over the front seat, tugs at Cas' tie to pull him over, into a kiss. “-- has its advantages. But.”
Dean fiddles with the cassette deck, and it's not Zeppelin any more, but a mix tape of Boston, Motörhead, Foreigner and The Scorpions.
“Hi.” Dean returns the smile in kind, but keeps it short. “I’m Dean. Just wanted to say thanks for the drink.”
Thank you guys so much for your comments, you made me very happy! <3 Love seeing your responses and I'm so looking forward to what you're going to say after reading this... fair warning: not a long chapter. But we've got big events coming up. Enjoy!
“I dunno, maybe you’re a pirate just trying to up and leave with my ship — well, my brother’s, and no offense, even if you’re a real engineer — he would kill me if I let you down there.” Sam chuckles at the face she makes at him. It’s too adorable. “And if he and that guy who helped us out couldn’t fix it, I’m sure it’s not fixable.”
Sam and Eileen get out of the car, and Cas leans over to place a short peck on Dean's lips. Sighing into the kiss, Dean holds Cas in place with a hand at the back of his head, follows his lips for a bit more reassurance. Not that he needs it.
Yet, he takes his sweet time torturing Cas, building it up, drawing the moment out. Running his lips along the length, two layers separating them still, his hands on Cas' hips, pulling the fabric of his pants tight. Cas moans above him from the tease and extra friction, a sweet whimper more than a sigh following it, and Dean wishes he could tell him.
So he collects some of his come with his hand, pushes Cas' underwear down under his balls, and jerks him off right there, Cas standing over him, both hands against the counter, Dean's back against the kitchen cabinet.
“Heaven is perfectly fine, yes,” Cas nods, leaning forward to lay his hand on Dean's shoulder, right where his neck begins, and squeezes. The touch is weird, in a place like this, in a semi-public setting. But it calms Dean down, makes his stomach tingly. “Hello, Charlie.”
She hesitates for a few long seconds. “I knew you and Cas were close. I guessed it was... like this. To see it, how much you love each other, that's great.”
going on out there, he tells me he made a deal, with the Empty, to take him once he experiences true happiness.”
"Oh, good morning, Cas." So cheery, way too cheery. "Hey, next time, don't leave Dean's clothes all over the place, please?"
Dean remembers nights spent out past curfew with his fake ID, hustling pool and drinking. Sam fighting Dad at every turn, every corner, rebelling, pushing the limits. Leaving.
Dean raises an eyebrow, Cas smiles a lopsided smile that is all too hot and mischievous and Dean knows exactly where he picked that up from.
Now, Sam is at the bar, chatting with Kevin and Charlie, and Jo bustles around the sink across the counter. Dean watches them. He'll be here tomorrow night, anyway. No need to help out today.
When he finds Sam, he's with Eileen and Pamela, who apparently jumped tables in the meantime, and Sam gets him in a headlock and drinks shots with him. When Dean wonders, Eileen signs to him that she made sure that he'd keep up his liquids. In other words, Sam is as good as smashed and behaving like a big puppy.
Again, thank you all so, so much for all your positive feedback, for all your comments and for following these two idiots along! Sometimes I'm just baffled by all the love. Thank you guys. Enjoy the next one!
Sam turns back to head for the back of the ship. They’re idling in space, out in the boonies, where no one will look for them. They also haven’t eaten in hours. "I mean, who does he work for? What does he do with the data we're getting for him? For all we know,  we’re secretly doing the dirty work for Akkarean intelligence."
Dean rolls his eyes. “It's not like I didn't know from the moment that Bobby said, 'Cas helped' to rebuild heaven. I knew that however we'd make it, it'd be us, together, for eternity. So, if you ask me once again if I know the definition of a sentiment, yes, Cas, I do, and also, yes, Cas, I do.”
One of those chapters where my characters did not do what I expected them to do. Anyway. Happy New Year everyone, enjoy!
Castiel doesn’t so much as flinch as he gets up in one fluid move and walks up to the door, which swings open with a metallic click of the lock. His face is as unreadable as Naomi’s, the scowl between his eyebrows pointed and hard.
This morning, they had enjoyed one last breakfast on the beach and an hour of lazing in the hammock, and then Cas had grabbed Dean's hand, Dean had nodded, and like that, they zapped back home.
Dean avoids his eyes, stares out the window, at his car in the empty parking lot. “I recently talked to Charlie, and she gave me this whole piece about gay pride and I had no concept of it. I guess I have an idea now,” he huffs out a breath, “Hey, can we change the topic or something, man?”
Thing is, Dean absolutely makes sure to keep Baby stocked and ready for any possibilities, always. Especially before long drives.
fit into the universe as it is. What is their role, and why should they rebel? Sure, the status quo is far from perfect, but so far it hasn’t affected any of them all that much. They’ve kept their heads low and did what needed to be done to get around. Sam has never seen himself as someone who’d join a rebellion.
Those full, pink lips, curling around his dick. That long, dexterous tongue around the head of it, trailing circles, licking down the length of it, blue eyes fixed on him.
Castiel doesn’t answer, but Dean sees a smile, quickly being hidden behind a huge hand, long fingers, before Castiel looks away.
“Well, we're here now,” Cas says, like it's simple, and wraps his arms around Dean's middle. And so they sit there, on this comfy sofa that Dean got for a buck and a half off of Craigslist and they listen to Billy Joel wax poetic about taking the good times and the bad times.
It's freedom and relief and it's not perfect, just like Dean thought it wouldn't be. There's awkward pauses and overenthusiastic nips that turn into bites. When Cas becomes too eager, he pulls back, lets him wait and reboots.
Inside, Dean finds Ellen bent over a steaming pot of what smells like chili, waving over her shoulder. “Hey, Dean!”
Dean tries not to think about blue eyes, staring down at him, ten shades of aroused and grateful and loving and sweet, and instead goes to fill up glasses with vodka and Red Bull.
Since it's Dean's underwear it's boxer briefs, not the wide boxers Jimmy seemed to come with. The shirt falls just about to Cas' hips, accentuates the black boxer briefs hugging his ass just right, and Dean stops short in his tracks.
Sam mirrors it, and doesn’t look away from her as he clicks the safety back on and puts his gun into the waistband of his pants, at the small of his back.
Charlie’s eyes turn soft and crinkle at the corners as she suppresses a consoling smile. “Aw, Dean.”
Goddamnit, this guy will be the end of him, Dean thinks as he wills his too-loud, too-fast-beating heart to pipe the fuck down.
It's Dean, this time, who straddles Cas and sits down on his lap. One thing he absolutely can do right now is hold Cas in his arms, kiss him senseless, and that is
Sam rolls his eyes, but unzips his jacket and drops it. He lifts the plain white tee underneath up to his shoulder. “Console,” is all he says, as an explanation.
He's looking forward to taking the scenic road there, the old Route 66, through the midwest, in all its old glory, before it got replaced with the Interstate Highways.
Dean doesn't know where to begin. They've been different today. Date or not, there has neither been hand-holding nor any particular romantic stuff. And only now does Dean realize how touchy they have become at home. A hand at his waist, trailing up his spine, to his neck. A kiss to the temple, to the neck, to the shoulder. A hug shared in the kitchen, a foot around his under the table.
This is a heavy chapter, I know, but I respectfully ask you to keep anything related to child abuse out of the comments (we're at that point again where this hits too close to home for me). Thank you - and still, I'd love to hear from you. Let me know! <3 Thanks for sticking with me!
With his head held high and no looking back, Castiel walks past her, and Dean can’t help but stare after him. His spine is rigid, there’s tension there, Dean sees it — but also an undeniable amount of confidence.
Dean just laughs. It just breaks out of him, a deep, roaring laughter, from the pit of his stomach. “I'm sorry, Cas,” he wheezes. “I swear, I'm not playing with your feelings here.”
Dean bristles. “What?” He files through memories from a decade ago, before the Roadhouse burned down. Yes, once he was more comfortable with Ellen and got around to talking to Ash more often, he had been here a few times. He'd gotten drunk with Ash once, while Sam was at Bobby's, and who knows what had happened that night. He doesn't remember much. They fell asleep on the sofa – well, Dean fell asleep on the sofa, he found Ash on the pool table later – and now that he's thinking about it, Dean remembers complimenting his hair the very first time they met.
He reaches around himself, plucks Cas' hand off of him by the wrist, and lifts Cas' index and middle finger to his lips.
Dean doesn't tell her about Eileen or Sam, doesn't want to raise her hopes. They hang up after a few more meaningless lines of small talk.
With a scowl, Donna snorts. “Hell no, we had a nice and quiet life, after we retired, Jody and me. One day I just went to sleep and didn't wake up again. After she, you know. She died before me.”
He gets to a table where Donna and Jody, arms around each other, sit opposite of Sean and Bobby, with Ellen at the third side of the booth. They are laughing about some story Donna is telling over the noise, and Dean flops down next to Donna for a bit, until Pamela takes his place.
Mary pauses for a moment too long, and that's when Dean notices his slip-up. Of course she won't let it slide. “Um, 'we'? Who's the collective 'we' here?” She sounds amused and fond and Dean knows it's not a big deal for her, at all.
Dean closes his eyes. Those prayers, they were so raw, so special. Among all the hurt, all the 'this can't be happening' and 'you can't just leave me here', Dean remembers all the ways he tried to tiptoe around the fact that he already knew that he loved Cas.
Instead of fighting this feeling of being alone, Dean allows himself to enjoy it. It's good, having time for himself, every once in a while. And he knows that Cas will be there, later. Anyway, Cas will be there in the morning when he wakes up and in the evening when they go to sleep. And isn't that everything he ever wanted.
And then there's fingers closing around the base of his dick, Dean's hand still around it. Their range of movement is a bit impaired by the angle, but with a tip of his hips, Dean can make it work. That move also makes it possible for Cas to grind against his ass. And Dean is stuck in the middle with careful, curious fingers around his erection, and whenever that gets too much, he can roll his hips backwards to get Cas moaning into his ear. Which isn't making things easier, but he's not complaining.
“To Dean Winchester!” the bar collectively roars in reply, and the sound of so many voices, happy, proud, welcoming, shakes Dean to the core. He seeks comfort in the only place he knows he can find it, and Cas' blue eyes have a spark to them when Dean meets them. And it is comfort and warmth and soothing.
Cas clears his throat. “So, it's very hard to find a suitable gift for you, and instead, I thought I'd take you somewhere special. I hope you enjoy this.”
Dean blinks. “I was just worried because I'm... I guess I'm not someone who does puzzles or plays games on their own all day.”
In the afternoon, Dean finds Cas staring into the wall of their house instead of at his beehive that he was supposed to tend to.
At the Roadhouse, Dean gets himself an apron, and makes himself useful right away. In the meantime, Cas hangs back in one of the booths, quickly accompanied by Ash and Kevin.
The king-sized bed is more than enough for both of them, and Cas – mirroring Dean – snap-changes into a plain white tee and checkered, wide boxers.
“You know, that's entirely too many vegetables and entirely too little meat,” Dean grouses at the celery like it has personally offended him, then throws the sticks into the sink to wash.
And with a roar, the bar is back to life, people welcoming and chatting with Donna, beloved long-standing Sheriff of Stillwater, Minnesota. Which explains a lot of the faces Dean hasn't seen ever, probably because they're not even hunters, but civilians that have never been to the Roadhouse.
Dean tells him, personal revelations aside. It's not like said meeting consisted of more than three sentences going back and forth before they left.
Jimmy's eyes flicker between the two of them. “I know I haven't been here since... that night. But I talked to my wife a lot, and of course Claire has been a godsend. I know you did the best you could, Jody in particular, and I appreciate it. So we're good, yes.”
Cas stirs, blinks awake, yawns and stretches. Then he sinks back down onto Dean's chest, wordlessly. Dean idly strokes his fingertips up and down Cas' neck, up to his hairline, down his spine, and back up.
tastes wonderful and Dean is glad he didn't skip it. He doesn't bother getting dressed. He texts Sam that brunch is a thing that's going to happen in about an hour or two, and Sam asks for Dean to pick him up.
He wants to do this right, this time. Not jump into bed with Cas immediately and deal with the consequences afterwards. Once burnt and all that.
And ok, maybe those two share some characteristics. It's kind of funny, that whole one-word-dialogue.
“Be right back, Sam,” Dean says over his shoulder, without looking at his brother, and takes his glass with him.
Though he does imagine Sam's face stumbling upon that particular gem and he almost breaks into a giggle. However, this is so not the time, so he doesn't.
Soon, Dean can't spare them a thought any more because people start to show up and the flow just doesn't stop. Within half an hour, the bar is full, the tables and booths taken, and the darts have been abandoned in favor of groups of people taking up the space, talking in groups.
Dean looks him straight in the eye, heaves a huge lungful of air and rushes it out, gets it done and over with. “I know you must regret giving up your mojo already, and I'm sorry for... I'm sorry that I wanted to have you all to myself, it's really all I could think about since I saw the other universes. But, please, man. Whatever we can have, whatever that may look like, just us – it's going to be great.”
Nobody is angry at them for the week of radio silence. It's heaven, after all, and their responsibilities aren't any more than what they actually take upon themselves. And so what if they needed an out. There's no need to worry, not in heaven, not where everyone is safe and free.
Maybe he really shouldn't overthink it. It worked out fine, today, right? Just roll with the punches, go with the flow, and if you find yourself rubbing one out against your boyfriend's leg in the kitchen, there's that.
He gets that same look right back. “Because you would've responded so well to me telling ya, 'You lost your boyfriend,' ya think? Like every other goddamn monster trying to get a rise outta you. 'course.”
Eileen nods. “Messed with the cable, knowing that the amounts of energy routed through there would make it fritz out sooner rather than later.”
For a few long minutes, they remain right there in their literal and figurative bubble, on top of the world, grinning goofy grins at each other, arms around each other, kissing.
A shiver runs through Cas, from head to toe, and Dean feels his heart skip a beat. God, he's so nervous. His hands are sweaty. Cas' hands drop to his ass, grabbing him, urging him closer, just closer.
And he'd have Cas under him, and Dean will be his first and there's his possessive streak again. There's that kick about being in charge, showing Cas how good it can feel. Hopefully.
The guy is… just a guy. Humanoid, no obvious quirks to give his descent away. Might be Terran. Dark hair, full lips, beard, tan flight jacket, collar up high. He shoots Dean a half-smile and toasts towards him with a similar pink drink in his hand.
So they'll see each other again anyway. In heaven, once it's all said and done. Once Dean spent years, maybe decades, alone, but they'll be together again. It's some consolation.
When he looks back at Ash, he sees him chugging his beer and seemingly feeling out of place. “Alright, you two lovebirds, I'mma head back – revenge and stuff.” He doesn't wait for an answer before returning to his room.
'It's not even half bad, feeling your cock stretching my jaw. I could get used to that. Will need a lot more practice though.'
Castiel snarls back. “Since someone was not happy with my last job and decided to ‘put me down a notch’.”
Cas looks at him, over his shoulder to the bed, eyes flickering darkly as if he's pondering the pros and cons of doing what Dean asked him to versus throwing Dean onto that bed and having his way with him.
Ash only nods as he loads up his plate, and Ellen puts a huge mug of coffee on the counter for him. “Your Cas is over there, by the way,” she nods towards the corner, up front by the window.
He feels the car shake with Sam bouncing his leg, he sees Eileen wordlessly reaching over, placing her hand on his knee or taking his hand. Dean can't really see it in the rearview mirror, but the shaking stops. One after the other, they all take a deep breath, each of them lost in thought for different reasons.
Experimentally, Dean moves his hips, goes in slow, tentative circles down and up, down and up, working Cas' finger deeper, taking the second knuckle, and then there's knuckles against his ass cheek, there's the pad of a finger curling against his prostate and Dean
That, of course, wrecks the rhythm, Cas slips from between his legs, cock slotting right against the crack of Dean's ass. It's not too early, though, so Cas just ends up spurting all over Dean's lower back, covering his ass in semen.
After Dean has emptied his stomach, he flushes, manages to take a sip of water from the tap, and scoots back towards Castiel, seeking comfort in physical closeness. The floor is cold, but warms up after a while, at least.
Dean thinks about it. It's probably not a bad idea to define boundaries beforehand. He thinks about Ellen and Bobby and Rufus and Ash and Jo. Neither of them would have anything to say about it. And if there's some hunter who'd had an issue with it, Dean feels confident to tell them to fuck off.
When Cas pops up, the porch swing rocks back and forth with his weight dropping against it. “Heya, Cas,” Dean says warmly, saving his beer from spilling.
When he turns around, he doesn't expect Cas to slam him up against the fridge in one fell swoop. There's hands at Dean's waist and Cas' mouth on his and the kiss is quick and insistent and promises a later and something dirty and Dean finds himself less weirded out by stubble against his cheeks than he thought he would.
Cas swallows, Adam's apple bopping. Dean gets a whiskey for himself and turns half-away to down it in one go. This, this is fun.
Cas leans into Dean's shoulder, and Dean smiles when their eyes meet. Ok, that works too. Dean knows it's his way of comforting Dean, signaling that he knows what's going on. They stay like that.
What Dean wants, more than anything, is to have Cas writhe under his hands, under his touch, in his mouth. He looks gorgeous, like this, fully clothed and only his cock out, curving towards his stomach, and Dean drinks the picture in, reaches for him again and does the simplest thing.
Cas nods around his dick, replaces his mouth with the hand that is not currently on Dean's balls, and with pleasure building low in his gut, Dean's mind focused on those two points of stimulation, Dean tries one last time to memorize this. Cas, sitting between his spread legs, on his heels, watching him with fond but serious baby blues, lips shiny with spit and reddened from the friction of his cock, pushing in and out. And the sex hair on him is just glorious.
Cas in suit pants that are tight enough around the thigh to show off how muscular those are, without cutting in at the inseam or under Cas' ass. Which Dean can't see, right now, but that's what he imagined. Pants that don't fold at the ankle because they're too long, but stop just there. The white dress shirt is tailored, seams running at Cas' shoulders, framing them into a perfect V down to where they are tucked under the simple black belt. Not an inch of extra fabric taking away from the fact that Cas' hipbones deserve all the attention they can get.
He reaches down, gives his dick a few perfunctory strokes before squeezing the base, hard. Breathes in, breathes out. Mouths against Cas' flat chest which surprisingly does nothing to lessen his arousal.
With a warm smile – because if anyone knows what it means to have Sam in his life for 40 years and suddenly
So, is Cas in trouble? We'll see. Will the boys go to Akkarea? We'll see. And what about Mary? We'll meet her soon, I promise you that.
Cas' lips wander up his neck, to his earlobe, teeth closing around it without pressure. There's stubble against his beard, just scratching along.
“Dean,” she smiles. “Don't fret. I'm here to keep him—” she tilts her head towards Chuck, “— in check. But rest assured, he's serious, for once.”
Cas breathes, and he seems quite out of his element, too. As if that was even possible, Dean is even more nervous now than he was during his own vows.
“Nevermind,” Dean grumbles, tries to get his ducks back in a row. “Sit down, you two, first batch will be right up. Cas, coffee?”
Just looking at them makes Dean grin. It's great to see Charlie happy. She clearly basks in Jo's attention.
Mary smiles at Cas, then, and states in the most obvious tone, “Of course you do.” And Dean can't even be mad about it.
They never got to the prostate massage she had in mind because frankly, Dean had blown his load in two seconds flat once her finger had breached his hole.
The first touch makes him shiver without Cas having to move a damn finger, literally. It activates nerve endings Dean has neglected for a long time. But that one touch is enough to make Dean's thoughts run wild. If this is what a simple touch, not even a deliberate one, can do, then what will it feel like to have Cas' dick enter his ass?
Cas looks down at his plate and, like Dean did at breakfast, hooks his ankle around Dean's under the table.
They are hurling towards a solar system with flickering lights on the command bridge, the emergency reactor kicking to life as Dean slaps the manual override and activates it. He’s going to worry about that later. At least they didn’t completely lose power.
Outside, Bobby is standing beside a huge barbecue, coals glimmering with fresh heat, the smoke curling in Dean's nose, earthy, tangy, wonderful.
Thing is, he jokes and laughs with her, but he looks at Cas, meets his eyes, and toes tap his shin under the table and his mind is filled with all the stuff they have yet to do. In and out of the bedroom. He wants to have it all, with Cas. The sex, the wedding, the road trip, everything. To think that one day, he'd get that greedy about someone, it's kind of funny in and of itself.
Eileen is still there, rifling through his cabinets. She finds flour and makes a savory-sweet concoction of eggs, flour, apple sauce, red bell pepper and some spring onions that tastes surprisingly good.
John turns to Cas, then, and Dean swallows. “Castiel, son, welcome to our house,” he says, offering his hand for Cas to shake. “Feels strange saying this to an angel,” he adds as an afterthought, wincing. Probably noticing how out of place that 'son' was. And what exactly is 'strange', here? Calling Cas, whom he barely knows, 'son'? Welcoming Dean's boyfriend, partner, into the house is strange because he's an angel and heaven is his home, anyway? Or because he's a guy or because all of the above?
Sam draws his gun, safety on, and taps her shoulder with it. Her face is the pinnacle of innocence when she pops back up, but then she falls into an easy grin. “Couldn’t resist.” She shrugs. “Sorry.”
Dean rolls his eyes and sings along the best he can – he won't admit that the song is kind of catchy, though. Taylor Swift he can admit to listening to and liking, and if that's okay, this is, too.
heaven after all, so no need to lug beer crates around or be a perfect cocktail mixer – snapping it will always work.
Thinking about the bunker makes Dean both nostalgic and sick to his stomach. So much good and bad connected to that place.
It’s not the time to linger on that, Dean decides. "Listen, dude, I'm happy to share this with you and talk for a bit, but not gonna waste your time — you're not my type."
He spends the rest of the afternoon lazing around their house, calls his Mom to check in with her for dinner tomorrow, promises to bring pie. He calls Sam, too, invites him to come to the Roadhouse tonight, to 'live a little'. Calls with Sam are still a bit stilted, strange. They are used to talking about the necessary points only - get in, say what you have to say, get out, hang up without saying goodbye.
Wordlessly, Cas guides him to a restaurant with hot plates at each table. And then he learns what Okonomiyaki are over a not-so-subtle dinner date for what is technically lunch.
Making Cas lift his arms, Dean shrugs off his jacket, folds it up in a vague cushion-like shape to put behind Cas' head and dips him right back into the seat.
"Who are you?" Sam calls out through the external speaker system as the person steps up to the airlock and into the infrared light of the camera there. "Stop! I said, who are you?"
When he sees the checkered boxers though, Dean snickers. “Cas, seriously, we gotta get you some nice underwear. Let's get that abomination off.”
Jo waves him off when he tries to get back to work. “Go,” she mouths, shooing him towards the booth.
It doesn’t sit right with Dean. Silver lining? The hyperspace converter they got from Bobby is still on board; Dean sees its box in the back.
So he lets it happen. Lets his body do what it craves, allows the shudder to zip down his spine as Cas sucks at the skin on his neck.
Dean wraps his arm around his middle as they stroll down a shopping mile, still taking it all in. “You know I'm not a fancy boy, though, right? You don't have to wine and dine me to get into my pants. I'm easy.”
Dean sits back on his heels, knees on either side of Cas' hips, and just absorbs the picture laid out in front of him.
Cas shrugs. “I'm more inclined towards the hanging out with you aspect of it than the movie itself, but I also know your taste in movies. You will pick something I can enjoy, too.”
stretching him further than ever before, and Dean has to pause for a short second there, breathes through the slight discomfort.
Dean gulps, a lump forming in his throat, a snap clicking shut around his rib cage, making it hard to get some air. “This got way too serious, too soon.”
When Cas looks up, Dean kisses him. Long enough so it's more than a peck, short enough so it's not inappropriate in company.
Dean shrugs, nods and gets the milk. “And how is this--” he shakes the milk carton, “any different than the eggs?”
Ducking his head, Dean scratches the back of his neck, feeling a bit uncomfortable. He wished he could. Well, he probably could, if he wanted to. He could get over it and just do it but – there's this little voice in the back of his head that wants to wait for it. For the right moment, the right situation. “You'll know when I am,” is what he says, in the end. “You'll know when the time is right.”
“I know,” Dean says, ogling Cas as he drops his frayed denim overshirt in the increasingly hot morning sun. He watches those shoulders roll back, shrug off that shirt, watches muscles work across a broad back and thinks,
Sam interrupts him, obviously lost in his own head. “They haven't even met her yet, not even Mom. Or have they?”
There’s a short pause before Castiel replies, this time, finally, looking at Dean. “Never look a gift horse in the mouth.”
Cas smiles, then closes the distance on the bench between them, turns until his knee is resting against Dean's.
The empty chairs to their side are a reminder that yes, they're still missing two of the Winchester men.
Charlie sidles up to him and gets the coffee machine up and running. She looks rumpled in her pajamas, with her hair tousled and loose, unkempt in the most adorable way. "So to whom do I send my complaint regarding the clothes you left in a trail down the hallway? I almost faceplanted when I got in and tripped over your pants."
to move, but he manages to pat at Cas when he turns around, and maybe hits the vague vicinity of his ass.
Dean picks at the label of his bottle, doesn't meet her eyes. He hasn't told anyone about this, not even Sam, and he probably would and will tell Sam, but Sam is not here, so. “He sacrificed himself to save me, when it all went down with God. It was--” he huffs, shifts his feet under himself. “A lot, all at once. We were trapped in the bunker. No way out, none, Death chasing us. And then he... To add to all
Cas' breaths are moist puffs of air against Dean's lips as they exchange needy little pecks, his blue eyes a molten, cobalt blue so mesmerizing, Dean is lost in them. So he sticks his hand down the back of Cas' pants and shoves him forward, to the edge of the couch. Cas sucks in a sharp breath, head leaned back, and Dean goes straight for his neck again. The smell is overwhelming – of laundry detergent, of grass and earth and
Sam hasn't been on his mind as much, these past days. And maybe Dean does feel a bit guilty about it, but it's heaven. He's fine and Sam will be fine, too.
When Dean licks his lips, he knows he caught Cas by surprise, but he also sees Cas’ eyes dropping. Nervousness spreads, from his toes to his ears, from his heart to his cheeks.
Jack wouldn't have needed to save Cas. Technically, at least. Cas was his father figure, of course, and that was Dean's hope. But if Jack would've never had that life with Dean and Cas – and Sam – he would never have known what Cas meant to Dean, that his heaven would never have been complete without Cas.
Without another word, Eileen hands him a beer, which Dean gulps down half of in one go. “This is so not happening the way I thought it would.”
Whirling around, Dean sees it too, right at the edge of the porch. “Huh. Wait, we? The collective We?”
“Hello.” The stranger nods at him, his smile now reaching his eyes, which are a startling, glowing blue up close.
He’s persistent, Dean will give him that, and it gets him to perk up. “Are you hitting on me again?”
in the air as they slip through the fourth and halfway into the fifth dimension, without being restricted by the speed of light.
He's not one to have emotional connections to Sam's girlfriends, he realizes. He either despises them for some arbitrary reason (Amelia), hasn't ever spent a significant amount of time with them (Jess), they're dead (more than one) or a demon (Ruby, see also: dead).
His voice is shot to hell, but Cas says, “I want to finger you while sucking your dick. I want to know what it feels like to have your cock in my ass. And I--”
Cas hasn't seen half of what's possible, and Dean gives a few more experimental bops of his head, tilts it this way and that, notices that the strain on his jaw is definitely there, and this isn't half as easy as it looked when girls did it on him. Wrapping his hand around the part he can't get into his mouth, Dean jerks Cas off as he sucks him, plays with his tongue around the head of his dick on his way up.
Dean opens his arms for Cas to step into his embrace. He really needs some physical contact, realizes he craves it. The perks of being in a relationship.
For a long while, Cas plays with Dean's fingers in his hand, trails his fingertips along the tendons and up to their tips and short nails, down to the palm, traces old scars and healed tears and cuts. Dean lets him. The little touches are both reassuring, tickling and intimate, in a way. Cas is mapping out his life line down to the heel of his hand and back up, bumps his fingers over the callouses. It's his right hand. The one he punches, shoots, stabs with - those callouses are not from woodworking. And yet, he's so tender and careful, like he's taking in the life Dean lived by the traces it left on his palm.
To be quite honest, I was nervous about posting that last chapter. I'm really happy that you could all see the way I saw John, and thank you all so much for your feedback!
Just for fun, Dean changes the angle, rubbing his cock against the dip of Cas' hipbone, and blue eyes hide behind thick lashes, jaw dropping, lips sighing around an 'oh'. The thought of Cas, well,
With a huff and – there's no denying this – tears gathering in the corners of his eyes, Dean kisses him. Seems like it's one of those days.
Cas has long since stopped looking at him funny for this kind of behavior. In fact, when Dean turns around, he can already see Cas leaving through the back door, most likely to look for his bees.
And after a week of hanging out with each other, Dean is almost restless, looking forward to the Roadhouse tonight. It's a Saturday, so he's showering and getting ready, wraps his shoulders into a too-tight t-shirt and jeans that he knows make his ass look delectable.
“Not that.” Dean rolls his eyes. He takes back the thing about cockiness suiting Castiel. “And you know it. All of that, what just happened? That was way too easy.”
When they're done, Dean sees puffs of white in Cas' dark hair, where flour has inexplicably made its way upwards. Laughing, he reaches up to ruffle Cas' hair, explains, “You've got flour there,” but his hand lingers once the flour is gone.
Pulling Dean close as if to kiss him, Cas whispers against Dean's lips, soft and sweet, “Do you want to try that with me?”
Cas grabs his hand, pulls him forward, into his body, and kisses him. Right there, on the couch in Ash' room.
Sure, it's sometime in the afternoon – they took a detour, drove around for a bit just because they could, Dean drove by the Roadhouse, their parents' place, and a few others – and it's Cas' usual time for his rounds, but Dean had been looking forward to seeing him once he gets home.
Cas hums, grins into his oatmeal with fresh mango and walnuts and cocoa flakes on top. Under the table, his toes tap Dean's.
Cas pops off his cock, then, cold air on spit-slick skin making Dean look down. “Don't keep your voice down, I want to hear you,” Cas says, and then he sinks back down on Dean and
The few rusty spots are easily dealt with, cleaned and ground down to bare metal, and the front suspension is back in a driveable state by late morning.
Cas rolls his eyes, shakes his head, like he can't believe that this is the human that his affections fell on.
Charlie sighs. “You can pass it off as part of what makes you a good hunter and con-man. I guess. But think about why it comes as natural to you as it does.”
He has to adjust his half-hard dick in his pants before he looks over his shoulder and hits the gas pedal.
But then, Cas switches arms, leans to the other side, trapping Dean's hand between them - so he can reach down, too.
Ash leans on his forearms on the counter, his hair falling over his shoulders, framing the jaw, covered in non-hairy, but almost beard-like spikes — one of the many hints that he’s not Terran, not entirely, maybe not one bit. Dean doesn’t know, doesn’t care and therefore never asked. There’s many humanoids out there, descendants of several populations, so what.
“Dean,” she says, “In all honesty. As much as I like to make fun of you just because I can — If you want this to stay between us, I will keep your secret. Just say the word, no questions asked.”
“Hey, Cas,” Dean asks Cas, later that night, when they are naked and under the covers after a shower together that involved entirely too much touching and a surprising lack of orgasms. “How does this line up? Sam's been here for a few days but Jody is older than both of us. Not much, but older.”
In fascination, he watches as Cas turns red-cheeked under his gaze, then hides behind his beer. Dean leers, doesn't break eye contact once.
Cas hums, a low vibration in his chest. “Speaking of,” he starts, “Would you be interested in me waking you up with oral sex tomorrow?”
His heart isn't in on the plan yet, and is beating too hard, too loud. Dean feels drawn too tight. How will this day end, with them kissing? He's nervous. Looking at Cas' lips, closing around a piece of banana in a completely un-sexy way, he sighs under his breath. Maybe they'll finally get there. He feels somewhat ready. Maybe if the situation presents itself. Maybe some internal prep-talk will help, but overall, he feels like he could do it.
Yeah, right. She made sure to rub that in his face ever since she got promoted, a few weeks ago. “What does she want?”
Friday sees Cas planting carrot and radish seeds in the greenhouse, tomato and cucumber plants next to long, swirling metal rods that Dean helps carry, and after all that hard labor, they are so tired that nothing more than lazy kissing happens in the shower. They even lie down for a short afternoon nap together, and Cas is the big spoon and Dean is in heaven. No, really.
Dean never thought the thought of having a dick in his mouth would ever turn him on, but said dick is very unintimidating, cradled in their joined hands right now, and the whole thing seems manageable.
All of a sudden, it's like scales fall from Dean's eyes. He snaps his fingers. “Oh, wait, of course. I bet she's with her husband and son.”
He's so out of his depth, he doesn't know what to do, where to start, and yes, he has really reverted back to being a teenager. He certainly feels as nervous. His hands seem to have started a life of their own, cradling Cas' neck, fingers in his hair. They slide closer, as if there even was any room left between them in the first place.
Without anything more to say, Jo pours them another round of Tequila. “Fuck John Winchester,” she says by way of toasting to Dean.
They share a look, and Dean lets his smile become sultry and his eyelids drop to half-mast. “Take ya home, babe?”
Cas loves him, and told him so. And part of him wants to make sure that they are, in fact, on the same page. That this is Love with a capital L. Then again, he is also not a teenage girl and these thoughts are making his insides uneasy.
And because teasing Cas is the most wonderful part of all of this, he spits out his mouthful of toothpaste, drops his soaked underwear and joins Cas under the shower.
So with his lips still around Cas, he looks up, captures his eyes and grins, as much as he can with a cock in his mouth.
The garden out back opens up down the hill, to the lake Dean saw earlier, and he can't wait to go fishing there.
Because Sam is a sap, he pestered Dean until he agreed to do a wedding waltz. Dean still earns an epic bitchface from him when Sam realizes he picked 'Traveling Riverside Blues'. It works, for them, though. A bit fast, and not a waltz, but anyway. Cas twirls Dean around the room and nobody notices that they practiced it about two and a half times. They got distracted in the middle of the last rehearsal, but Dean's sure nobody notices if they exchange a heated look at
He zips up his jacket, grabs his communicator and straps that to his forearm. “Ready?” he asks, gesturing towards the vague vicinity of Castiel, who pats down his chest, checks the contents of his pockets, and nods.
Dean pours a drink for her, too, and mixes a tequila sunrise for Cas, who overheard their conversation. “Who do you think?” Dean asks him.
Once again, Dean can only look at her and wonder if he's always been such an open book to her. “Still am, actually. Have I always been so easy to read for you?”
Dean squeezes Cas' shoulder, then steps back to take a look around. “Anyone else need anything before I head back?”
Cas looks at him, confused, but Dean only makes a mental note to bring it up later. Now's not the time. Now, he really needs to get their naked bodies together and do something about his hard cock, which is very unhappy, trapped against Cas' thigh.
Dean spins on his heel, right in front of the door, and ends up in Cas' space. Not that that's new. He doesn't flinch or retreat, and Cas doesn't either. “Wait, if I don't need to refill the tank-- do I even get drunk here?”
Coming down the stairs, he sees Ash in the kitchen, handling pans and listening to Lynyrd Skynyrd on probably the loudest setting of the radio. “Mornin'!” he shouts over 'South down yunkin', but Ash doesn't hear him.
Stepping from one foot onto the other as he watches Ellen hug Cas with a fond smile, too, Dean shrugs. He tries to sound nonchalant. “Vampire.”
And Dean wants to tease him, wants to say something, but he knows he'll interrupt the moment they're having.
With a sigh, Dean rubs his hand over his face. “Long-range call to Bobby won’t work, the backup reactor doesn’t have the juice for that.” It’d be literal years, almost 300 of them for the call to reach Geuse — since without a working hyperspace converter, the call would only travel as fast as light. “So we wait. And get some ice for you.”
