Steve smiled, he could relate to the kid, having grown up with his mom and Bucky and not much else. The Avengers were like family to all of them.
Peter felt tears sting his already red eyes. “I’m glad to be back, too.”
Peter hovered by the pair before he felt an arm pull him into the exchange. It was then when he lost it, tears streaming down his face and neck. Part of it was, of course, Pepper’s death and the devastation that came with it, but there was another part of him that was crying out of the relief of having Mr Stark back in his life. He clutched onto the man and refused to let go now that he had him back.
“Daddy, look, I’m Auntie Tasha!” Morgan gave Tony a toothy grin and suddenly Tony was glad for the sheet because his eyes were welling up too.
“Oh my god,” Peter whispered and followed Steve in. Steve waved smoke out of his face before his eyes set upon Tony, slumped over in his Audi with the engine running.
“No shit,” Peter graciously chose to ignore Tony’s comment.
“What, are you two going to sustain yourselves off of hot chocolate alone?” He crossed his arms and inspected the waffles as if Steve poisoned them.
Morgan came over to him and gave him a lopsided grin. “Hi, Uncle Steve.”
“I recorded her a message,” Tony said several minutes later. “I thought I was going to die fighting.. him. I thought it was going to be me, so I recorded her a little something that she and Morgan could watch back every now and then when they especially missed me and wanted to hear my voice again or something.”
“Did you get it?” Tony looked up and saw Steve picking up Morgan to put on his shoulders and then tap Peter on the leg to put away his phone.
“You fetching my coffee? That’s a new one,” Tony gave him a look and Rhodey shrugged.
“Has that been here the whole time?” Steve asked in disbelief.
“Is there coffee?” Tony asked, ignoring the way everyone was making subtle glances at him.
“Yes, Tony, where have you been?” Steve sighed.
, he meant, “then I’m sure Wanda wouldn’t mind staying with Peter and Morgan, she loves the kids… and we could stick Sam and Bucky in my room and hope they don’t kill themselves… and if it’s okay with you, I could stay in yours…” Steve avoided eye contact and felt himself blushing even if the proposition wasn’t the least bit suggestive. “Just for the holidays,” he added, as if that wasn’t obvious enough.
“Oh yeah?”
“Ouch, Rogers, ouch,” Tony slapped a hand over his heart in mockery. The demotion back to using last names did sting Steve a little bit, if he were to be perfectly honest.
They all sat down at the table and started eating. Steve helped cut her food into more manageable pieces and Rhodey read the news off of his Stark tablet.
As he got closer to the man, he saw Tony twitch, realizing who was there. He didn't take his eyes off the sky, even a
He craved locking doors and not having to explain himself every time he was alone almost as much as he craved booze or his other substances of choice while he was getting clean over the years. It became something he needed; something that he got pissy over when he didn’t have it.
“You know, you don’t have to pretend like this is normal,” Tony glanced at him, taking a sip of his coffee.
“Not when that guy has proved himself to be emotionally fragile.”
“They’re more than welcome to come,” Tony backtracked a little, knowing that Steve had picked up on his hesitance.
“Mr. Stark,” Peter stepped towards him, “Tony, I’m just trying to do the right thing.”
“I don’t know,” Happy answered honestly. “I have no idea. I mean, he can’t expect any of us to stay here forever. I have to get back to work too, and so does he, really.”
“He’s not even an
to go back right away, she said, it was that he needed to make a decision so she could inform the school when he’d be back. Peter didn’t know what to do. Obviously, he knew he couldn’t avoid going back to school forever - nor did he want to - but he felt like the situation was too fragile for him to mess up; like everyone had their place in the Jenga tower that Peter thought was most likely a metaphor for Mr. Stark’s mental health, and that if another piece was taken out it would fall. He didn’t want to be that piece.
“Yeah, see you, kiddo,” Tony shouted back and then turned to Steve. “Told you he wouldn’t mind.”
“Merry Christmas, Uncle Steve,” Morgan said. “Should we wake up Uncle Rhodey?” The girl looked over the side of the bed to where her uncle lay snoring.
“A justification, huh? Who taught you that word?”
Anyway, comments are always appreciated and have a great day, guys :)
And we’re putting them in Peter’s room…
The Russian phrase Morgan says means “I will end you” lmaooo (it was just google translated so probably isn’t completely accurate, please forgive me, actual russian speakers)
“May, he just… he really needs me right now,” Peter’s voice cracked and he heard a sigh from the other end of the phone.
All of this Marvel news coming out has me so excited, I’m ready for some actual representation in phase four !! That said i miss the og 6 so much (esp Tony and Steve) and I don’t think I’ll ever not be sad about it.
Steve wasn’t the only one who noticed Tony’s odd (but expected) silence. Peter kept on shooting concerned glances over at his mentor when he thought no one was looking. It hurt to see Mr. Stark hurt, but there was nothing he could really do about it. Or at least, so he thought.
“Your Daddy is right,” Steve told her earnestly.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Don’t do it, Mr. Stark, please!” Peter pleaded with him and Tony frowned.
After Thanksgiving, Tony had decided that enough was enough: he was putting his head back into it and taking over his temporarily passed off responsibilities at Stark Industries. He tried not to focus on how ecstatic Steve was when he walked by his office (still with the door open, because apparently Tony was a child) and saw him with his laptop open, paperwork sprawled out everywhere. Steve tried to nonchalantly pass it off, but Tony saw his puppy-dog grin before he could.
“I think your psychiatrist can be the judge of that.”
“I know,” Tony patted Peter’s shoulder and Peter gave him a sympathetic look that Tony didn’t appreciate seeing.
“Tony,” Rhodey pleaded, “we need to talk about the funeral arrangements.” A quiet sob was all he got as a response. Rhodey rubbed his hands over his face and walked back to the living room. Happy sat on the couch, Morgan on his lap playing with a children’s circuit board set. She was building what appeared to be some sort of fan contraption, her tongue poking out from her lips in concentration.
comments make me smile :))
Steve started working on the ridiculously high stack of dishes by the sink with Rhodey, who had decided to stay the night after Tony’s mini episode.
. That was kind of easier than Peter expected it to be.
“Lie in bed and regret our life choices?” Morgan frowned deeply at him.
“Here, let me,” Tony shifted the wig so it sat straight on Morgan’s head and smiled at her. “There.”
Tony looked at Steve, who shrugged. “It’s good luck?” He guessed. “Something like that.”
aghjhslkdjfs sorry for the massive nearly year-long delay in updating. thank you for all the lovely comments on the previous chapters and thanks for reading if you've made it this far. i'm not sure what my plans for this story are moving forward but i'd like to finish what i started.
“No…” Steve didn’t appreciate the look he was getting from the teenager but put down the cloth he was holding and followed the noise upstairs. It turned out that yes, it was singing, and yes, it was coming from the mouth of Tony Stark.
“Hi, sweetie,” Tony leaned his face against her.
“Peter, what’s going on here?”
“Hi, Tony, Captain Rogers, Colonel Rhodes,” May nodded at each of him as she said their names. “Hi, Happy,” she gave him a small smile and Peter swore he saw the man blush. He frowned and cleared his throat.
“They don’t exactly have anywhere else to go,” he said with more hostility than he meant.
“Mr. Stark?” Peter’s voice was distraught and before Tony could answer, the door busted open, lock cracking open and door flinging open with enough momentum to knock pictures off of the wall.
As the superheroes ate their pumpkin pie, the talk shifted from fun stories and reminiscing to serious work talk that made Steve’s head hurt. Construction on the Avengers Compound was delayed further than expected which was the main topic for discussion. The Avengers who were living at the Compound prior to its destruction were either staying with friends or being housed on behalf of Stark Industries (no thanks to Tony, who was still MIA with regards to his company.) However, a permanent solution was needed, and soon.
“Bye, Daddy!”
“Is it that you’re Spider-man? Because I already knew that,” Peter gaped. Mr. Stark really had told her about everything.
“Oh, nothing, just Morgan messing around,” Steve shrugged.
“Before then, I think.” Happy agreed with him and the two grabbed plates and cutlery for breakfast when Steve instructed them too.
“You know what we're going to do today?” She smirked.
“Steve, when do you do your stone thing today?” Rhodey called over to him. Steve didn’t look up from the spatula search.
They were right, because after a few minutes of gentle knocking and pleading, the door clicked open and Peter walked in. The first thing Peter noticed was the very unpleasant smell within the room. It smelled somewhere between must and something that could only be described as the smell of depression.
“Well, when Daddy would tell stories about Spider-man, he told me that Spider-man’s real name was Peter. He’d always get kind of sad and tell me that Peter was like my brother, except he wasn’t actually my brother.”
“Captain Rogers, what is it?” He asked but Steve ignored him, banging on the door.
Steve’s vision started to blur a little, the same way it did the day they picked it out.
“I mean,” Tony looked away too, “whatever.”
“Well, I thought…” It only now occurred to the kid to look around the room and take in what he was seeing. Nothing was too eschew other than the files on the desk, but knowing Mr. Stark it would have been more concerning to see the desk cleared off.
Hope you guys enjoyed this chapter... in the next one things get spicy...
Steve gave Tony his best ‘we’ll be talking about this later’ look and Tony sighed in defeat.
“Whenever Banner gets here,” he responded. Bucky and Sam were also coming over for what they deemed ‘moral support.’ Knowing them, they’d want lunch first so it would probably be some time afterwards. He said his to Rhodey who nodded at him and turned back to Happy.
Peter mouthed back at him, pointing to his chest. Happy nodded somewhat aggressively and Peter got up to follow them despite his reservations.
After the funeral, people began to head out, all with a sympathetic look at Tony. Even those who hadn’t always been Tony’s greatest fans were different.
“Wait, I need a picture for Clint,” Steve said, jumping up and grabbing his phone. He opened the camera app and held it up to focus on the ghost-dad and mini-Natasha.
”Hi, Morgan,” he said without opening his eyes.
“Auntie Tasha had red hair.”
Poor Tony :((( I’ll probably have the next chapter up within the next couple of days. Also, I considered writing what happened with Steve returning the stones, but decided against it because I wanted this chapter up sooner. If you guys would be interested in me writing a tie-in one-shot detailing it though, then let me know!!
“I’ve given it more thought than you think.”
“Jesus, kid, what?” Tony rolled over in his spinny chair to pick up the picture that fell. It was of him and Pepper in the hospital. They were both looking down at the squirming pink blob in Pepper’s arms in complete amazement. Tony only allowed himself to admire it for a moment, before placing it face-down on the desk.
“What did she say?” He pressed. Peter shrugged.
“Woah, woah, woah, May as in Parker and Happy as in Hogan?” Steve nodded, because
When Tony emerged from his office and headed upstairs to the master bathroom, the three men in various places around the living room all froze and stared for a second before turning away and acting unphased. Peter came from the room a few seconds later.
“What?” Peter asked.
ahh i know that was a bit cheesy, but ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
“I have to deal with Tony; you deal with the story,” he instructed firmly.
After a prolonged second, Tony swallowed. “My mom was Jewish, well, she was an Italian Jew.. her, uh, her parents managed to escape during the war and came to New York. Anyway,” he shrugged, “my dad raised me Catholic regardless, so…” Tony trailed off.
Morgan made an excited noise and jumped up and down. Tony walked over to the small closet by the entryway of the house and grabbed the tiny purple snowsuit and her matching boots. He kneeled down to help Morgan into the snowsuit one foot at a time. She wobbled a little but kept her balance by holding tightly onto his shoulder.
Before Afghanistan, if anyone would have asked Tony Stark how he pictured his future, he probably would have laughed at the notion of his life being more than strangers in his bed, alcohol, and money. Even being a genius he would never have imagined the events that led to him living in New York, having a team, and being in a stable relationship. It was never in his life plan, things just happened that way and even if those events were more than a little painful – or heart wrenching at times - he wouldn’t trade them. All those moments led to this point in time and, if he was being honest, there was nothing better than waking up next to the love of his life. Because there was no doubt that the great Tony Stark had found his other half.
The reply came almost immediately >>transfer complete
Steve placed his hands on Tony’s hips and began to rub circles with his thumbs. “Well I was just hoping we could have lunch together.”
“I’m ok, Pep. Don’t call anyone, I’m fine.” Tony pleaded with Pepper as he regained his breath and felt the world stop spinning.
Tony groaned when he pushed the fabric down enough to release his erection and gave Steve a pointed look. “Like what you see soldier?”
He gets up and walks over to the pants he had been wearing earlier, deciding he needs to go out for a drink.
Sam couldn’t help but smile and try to speed up a bit. He knew it was useless to try to race St- Sam stopped in his tracks as two women jogged passed him toward the Lincoln Monument.
“Thanks JARVIS, I’ll be right down.”
Fury had volunteered the Avengers for a Charity Auction for Children – the winners of the auction got a chance to dance with a celebrity or Avenger of their choosing for the night – it was for a good cause but Steve couldn’t help the ache in his chest at the thought of dancing with someone who wasn’t Peggy.
Technically Bruce had everything he had always wanted when he came to New York. He had a nice apartment in an upscale neighborhood, he’s worked with NASA, Oxford, and achieved tenure at NYU by the age of 30. He was living the dream of every curious, ambitious scientist. The only thing missing, however, was the one thing he wanted the most, a family with Betty.
“Yeah, we are, doll,” Steve ruffled her hair and suddenly Tony was reminded of his father. He’d call practically every woman he’d ever met ‘doll’ as he blatantly flirted with them, even in front of his wife. It had pissed Tony off so badly as a teenager to see his mother sit idly by while Howard made advances on every waitress, secretary, or intern he could set his eyes on.
“Well, she’s not here to say it, now is she?” Morgan started crying for the hundredth time in the past seventy-two hours and Tony sighed. “I’m sorry, sweetheart. Daddy’s just… it’s been hard for Daddy these past few days.” She continued her sniffling and Tony tried to reach out to hold her but she shifted away from him. Now that really hurt.
Steve sat on the slightly damp grass and pulled his legs up to his chest, looking very much like a child. It was quiet; both men admiring the stars, both men trying not to overthink what they’d witnessed together up there.
He didn’t mean to start crying, but it happened anyway. He’d cried more in the past two and a half months then he ever had in his life. It was embarrassing, yes, but it wasn’t like it was unjustified.
“You,” Happy grabbed his arm and pulled him closer to the bed, “are gonna tell the kid a story.”
“With you? Always. Thanks, honey bear,” Tony slapped Rhodey on the back. “Love ya, bud.”
“What?”
“I did, didn’t I? Why did I do that? Now, you’re gonna be smarter than me in no time,” Tony pouted at her.
The two and a half men stopped to look up as they heard little footsteps come down the steps. There, standing at the bottom of the stairs, was Morgan dressed as a Baby Black Widow. The costume was a black jumpsuit, complete with a widow belt and even a little red wig which was adorably at a funny angle on Morgan’s head.
“Yep… you can think of it as an invitation, if you really want,” Tony shrugged, sitting back down into his own chair.
Happy held Morgan’s hand and as they began to walk down the hall, he pointed at Peter and motioned for him to come with them.
“Hmm..
. Some sessions, the shrink went back to childhood wounds that Tony had nearly forgotten he even had. Other days it was Afghanistan. Some days it New York or the Snap.
“You’re so lucky, Rogers.” Steve frowned.
Peter opened the door to reveal the last thing breakfast needed: a slightly pissed off looking Aunt May. Her hands were on her hips and she raised her eyebrows at him.
“Hey, hey, it’s gonna be okay. Besides, I have too many responsibilities to deal with, I can’t kill myself,” Tony quipped but it fell heavy in the air. Tony gave him a squeeze. “It’s gonna be okay, Pete, I swear.”
“Let’s not go there yet,” both men grimaced at the thought of Tony being told by SI’s Board of Directors that he needed to find someone as a replacement for his wife’s position and come back to work himself. It would not end very well, that’s for sure.
Steve was supposedly sleeping on one of the couches in Tony’s living room when he heard a door click close. He opened one eye, scanning the room for any movement. He saw Peter sleeping on the couch opposite him, dead asleep. Happy and Rhodey were each in a guest bedroom - having been the two guests who were more comfortable both with staying in Tony’s house and with being a little demanding. Morgan was upstairs in her own bedroom, hopefully sleeping soundly.
Even Hank Pym, a man who had seemed to have a distaste for him since birth, had shaken his hand. “Stark, if you ever need anything… don’t hesitate to call,” he said with a nod. Tony knew it was obviously slightly forced, but hey, it was the thought that counts.
Hope you enjoyed this chapter! The next one will be up later today or tomorrow because it’s pretty much already written. After that, we’re out of the holiday stuff and into some exciting things I have planned out.
“So, what was it?” Peter said as Steve passed him on his way back to the kitchen.
Steve made a goofy face and Morgan threw a tiny punch. Tony took the photo and found himself looking at it for longer than was strictly necessary.
She wiped her tears on his sleeve and snuggled into him. “Hi,” she looked up at him. “Happy says you’re my uncle. Is that true?” Steve blinked, and stuttered for a moment.
“C’mon, Daddy, get up,” Morgan pulled on his arm and he slowly let himself be dragged upwards until he was sitting. Begrudgingly, he stood and picked her up off of his bed, carrying her to the living room.
Peter came into the kitchen on his phone, looking very tired and a little frustrated.
He took the job. Within a week, Rhodey was “begrudgingly” doing press to officially announce his start as CEO of Stark Industries (though Tony knew he secretly loved all the attention.) The announcement was good for business and stock prices - which had dipped down with the uncertainty that came with Pepper’s death and Tony’s disappearance from the public eye - went back up to higher than they were before.
“So, where’s my justification?”
Peter let out another whimper and Tony pulled him closer to him, cradling the back of his head to his chest. It wasn’t that Tony did have those types of thoughts cross his mind anymore, because he did. They were much less frequent, yes, but he didn’t think the basic ‘it should have been me, I was the one who deserved to die’ would ever really go away.
“For the last time: absolutely not.” This had been all Tony had heard in the two weeks since Halloween.
“No, choose another costume,” Tony put his foot down. Even Peter was giving him an odd look at his refusal.
He hadn’t exactly heard the knocking over his tears and thoughts, so when the knocks escalated to insistent banging on the door, Tony jolted up.
“I-I didn’t mean,” Happy started to explain himself, but Tony just shook his head.
“How did you… how did you figure that out?” He asked. He was really going to have to be more stealthy if a four-year-old could figure out his identity from spending five minutes with him. Even if that four-year-old was clearly a genius.
” his voice cracked and Steve he could see tears start streaming down Tony’s face. “
“I guess so, yeah,” Morgan lit up when Tony said this.
RECAP: Steve goes back in time to return the stones and comes back the same age but a bit beaten up. He goes back to the house to get fixed up and takes a nap. The chapter ends with him and Peter going to grab Tony for dinner and finding him after having attempted suicide.
before you were born so he’s seen at least one.”
“It’s fine,” he said in a strained voice that suggested it was clearly not fine. He walked back to the office and shut the door with a force that made everyone jump a little. Happy looked appropriately guilty as Rhodey glared at him a little.
It was another reminder of his own personal failure.
“Is that all?” Peter asked and Tony nodded. “Okay, I should probably go work on some school stuff, but what’s for dinner?” Peter shot a web to open the fridge door and another to grab himself an apple.
“Yeah, I’m gonna be an Avenger when I’m older. Daddy will build me a suit and I can be Iron Girl and fight the bad guys,” Morgan supplied.
“You’re going to cut a tree down? For real?”
“Bye, Morguna,” Tony watched from the door as they trekked out into the snow, Steve with an axe in one hand and Morgan’s tiny mitt-clad hand in the other.
When Morgan was two Tony decided it was his turn to pick. He had decided on “robot” and Pepper had agreed. She thought it was ridiculous that he built an actual robot suit, complete with a program to alter little Morgan’s voice to make it sound more robot-like, as well as a heater to prevent her from getting cold when they took her trick-or-treating. Pepper had told him that a cardboard box with tinfoil like all the other kids would have been fine, but when had Tony Stark done anything just “fine” when it could be great instead?
Happy stepped in, “Morgan, I’ll tell you a story, come on.” He tried to lead her to her bedroom, but she refused.
Even though it’s kind of hard to write a genius four-year-old, Morgan is such a blast to write! I imagine her basically being exactly like a Mini Tony, right down to the sass and the intellect (although she definitely gets a fair share of both from Pepper too lol.) Also, don’t attack Tony for snapping at Morgan; he’s still a great dad, just going through some pretty dark stuff atm.
He ended up electing to just stare out at the lake. It wasn’t frozen solid yet but if the temperature dropped much further there was a good chance it would. Maybe Steve would want to take Morgan out and teach her how to ice skate.
Peter stood awkwardly in the corner of her room as Happy helped her to get ready for bed, assisting her in brushing her teeth and tucking her in.
“Yes?”
“And I’m being called back to work. The amount of damage control needed is astounding. I mean, not only with the compound and everything, but when everyone came back there were the expected casualties caused by traffic accidents and that sort of thing. That’s not even to mention that a lot of these people have been displaced and now have nowhere to go,” Happy just blankly blinked at Rhodey in response. “What I’m saying is that I’m going to need to leave here within the next couple of days and what the hell are we supposed to do about Tony?”
“What?”
“M-Mr. Stark, Aunt May was saying that maybe I could stay here for a bit longer, it’s just I need to let my school know about -”
“Tony, you can’t just lay this on me, man, I’m serious. Just in case you need a reminder, I already have a job. And it’s a pretty goddamn cool job too.” Tony rolled his eyes in disregard to this fact.
“It’s ‘cohort,’ sweetie,” Tony told her, “and it means a group of people who sort of team up together.” Steve smiled at the soft tone he used for his explanation and the way Morgan nodded along, just like her father.
“Okay,” Morgan nodded. Steve expected the girl to get distracted by someone else, but instead she plopped down on the floor beside him and grabbed her junior circuit board from the coffee table.
“I know, Pete. It’s okay. You can stay until the funeral, but after that we need to sit down and talk about it, preferably with Mr Stark,” May had told him. He wasn’t sure Mr Stark would want to talk to him, or talk to anyone for that matter, but Peter sighed out of sheer relief that he wouldn’t have to leave so soon. Sure, it didn’t appear that Happy, Rhodey, or Captain Rogers we’re leaving him alone anytime soon, but he didn’t want to be the one who did.
“Tony,” Steve’s voice was barely louder than a whisper.
“Can I sit?”
“That’s illogical,” Tony frowned.
There, Tony saw Steve already reclining on the couch, hot chocolate in hand. There were two more mugs on the coffee table (on coasters, of course, Steve wasn’t a barbarian) along with a plate of waffles. Steve had some serious bedhead and Tony believed this was the first time he’d seen Steve in pajamas, considering usually he already was out of the house at ungodly hours for his morning run.
“I don’t think he gets much of a say, but I don’t think he would,” Tony shook his head before calling out, “Pete! C’mere please.”
“Mommy had strawberry blonde hair, actually.” Tony shocked himself by not crying as he said this; instead, giving his daughter a small smile.
Yes, Halloween was approaching and it seemed to be all Morgan talked about. Despite this, Tony hadn’t asked her what she wanted to be yet. Memories of Morgan as a baby dressed as a bumble-bee and sleeping in Pepper’s arms flooded him. Pepper, who was wearing a lady bug cape to match and Tony had made fun of for following Hank Pym’s theme. The next year, Pepper had decked Morgan out as a lobster, with her and Tony as chefs.
Comments are always appreciated :)))
Shrug. “I don’t care.”
“What did you just say?” Steve frowned. Tony gaped at Peter as the teen left the table.
“What did you need to say?” Happy frowned.
“You should wear that one,” Tony ignored his first question and zipped up Morgan’s snowsuit.
However, in the wake of Pepper’s death, he hadn’t said a word to anyone. It was a complete radio silence. The door to Tony’s office had remained locked for the past twenty-four hours. Rhodey wasn’t surprised, considering he knew there was a bathroom en-suite to the office and Tony was used to not eating for days at a time. Rhodey, Happy, and Steve had all pleaded with him to open the door to no avail.
“Morguna? He said, mimicking her tone.
“You know I can’t leave you alone. It was in -”
“It’s always nice to offer, even if he doesn’t want to right away.” They finished bringing the dirty dishes to the sink when Peter frowned.
“Daddy, guess what, guess what?” Morgan shook his shoulder and Tony dramatically opened one eye.
Steve looked more relaxed than Tony thought he’d ever seen him, face free from worry and hair a little messy. He was such a natural with Morgan, though he knew the man didn’t think he was. Morgan was as adorable as she always was, but especially so with the costume. Tony absolutely did not giggle at the way Morgan was frowning with her whole face.
“Can I dye my hair red?” She batted her eyelashes at him and Tony groaned.
“So is leaving a suicidal man alone in a room with engineering… things…” Steve gestured at random equipment, “at his disposal.”
“She knows Russian?” Peter squeaked out but was generally ignored by the other two men.
This chapter and the next chapter were actually supposed to be one, but it was getting too long so I decided to cut it into two :P
“I wanna be Iron Girl!” She squealed and Tony made a face. “Like Daddy… and Mommy too,” Morgan added after a moment.
“You bet so,” Tony put Morgan down off his lap. “You know what we just did there?”
“Then, it’s set.”
actually visited the tower (mostly just to mess around with Tony in the labs, but still.) It was strange to be in a crowd with collectively most powerful people in the entire world - the entire universe actually, but Peter tried not to overthink it or visibly geek out. Aunt May was somewhere in the crowd, but stood back to give Peter some space.
“Are you going to come with us?” Steve pulled on his own coat and then hunted for a scarf, pulling out an obnoxious orange one and grimacing.
It seemed that Mr Stark had the same idea because for the entirety of the funeral he stood with Morgan on his hip and an arm around Peter. He didn’t have more than a nod for those who offered him their condolences, especially those on the Board of Directors for Stark Industries.
Mr. Stark dismissed this, waving a hand nonchalantly. “It’s fine, Pete, I get it. I’ll shower.”
“I know,” Steve looked at him and Tony stopped. “Buck’s actually Jewish, but he always used to come over to my apartment for Christmas when we were kids every year.” Steve shrugged, looking back to his list.
“That’s correct.”
The next couple of days included more actual holiday preparation than Steve would ever like to admit. Turns out hosting ten guests at your house for nearly a week is harder than expected. Steve spent all of his time cleaning and cooking and planning and it took more out of him than fighting ever did. Steve’s (already massive) respect for his own mother tripled.
Forty-five minutes later, Tony returned downstairs fully shaved and showered. His eyes were still in their continuous state of ‘red and puffy’ but other than that he looked almost refreshed. He was wearing a fresh t-shirt and pajama bottoms and was drying off his wet hair with a towel.
Steve was going to say but stopped himself, “somewhere around the house, right?”
“So, I don’t really know any good stories, I don’t think…” Peter started awkwardly.
“Daddy didn’t tell me, exactly, but I figured it out.” That only confused Peter more.
As most four-year-olds were, Morgan was euphoric over the upcoming prospect of Christmas. Steve and Tony were… less so. Tony was… well, he couldn’t bring himself to be overly excited about anything in recent times. Understandably so, of course. Steve, on the other hand, was never really big into holidays. He wasn’t a Scrooge or anything, but he could never be bothered to go all out when celebrating.
“It’s an engine.” She corrected. “Well, not yet. It’s the start of an engine. Mommy says-” the girl cut herself off and her eyes began to water. “Mommy says I’m not allowed to play with real engines yet, but Daddy said he’d show me how to build a real one when I turn five.” Tears streamed down her face but unlike the day before, she didn’t start scream-crying. She turned away from the two men and ran over to Steve.
“Look who’s returned from the dead,” Happy exclaimed, then immediately regretted his word choices as he saw Tony’s shoulders tense and his face scrunched up a little.
They all knew that because of the serum Steve would be completely healed within a day or two, but it sure didn’t make it hurt any less in the meantime. When they were done, Steve moved over to the couch and stretched out, keeping an ice pack on the blotchy bruising around his ribs. The bruises were already becoming lighter despite it barely being a few hours since they were sustained.
“I was just saying how you’ll have your work cut out for you when you guys all get back to work,” Maria Hill raised her eyebrows at Steve.
Steve stood on the platform in his quantum suit, the briefcase of stones in one hand. Banner - or Professor Hulk as he seemed to be going by now - had nodded at him and he was off.
Rhodey hesitated for a moment before throwing his arms in the air. “Fine! I’ll think about it and give you an answer later. Happy?”
P.S. i’ll probably have another chapter up within the next day or two
“Well, uh, there was once this guy. And this guy’s name was Luke Skywalker...”
“Steve?” Steve looked up to see the table staring at him as he played with his pumpkin pie.
Tony narrowed his eyes at his mentee, already predicting where his train of thought was going.
“Can you grab her mittens?” Steve found the pair and handed them to Tony. “Thanks.”
Steve scratched at the beard he had started to grow again shortly after the last fight against Thanos. Morgan squirmed until Tony put her down and then catapulted herself onto the couch, climbing onto Steve’s lap who held her now like it was a natural reflex.
“Oh?” Peter was interested in what Mr. Stark has said about them… if he’d ever mentioned him.
“Mr. Stark, please don’t take any offense to this, but I think maybe it would be good if you showered… Just so, y’know, you would feel a little bit more… fresh.” Mr. Stark actually let out a cynical little laugh and Peter almost did a double take.
“Alright.” She looked indifferent at this new information and Steve wondered how much she actually knew of his history with her father. He assumed not much.
“I’m sorry, are they like ‘boyfriend-girlfriend’ now?” Tony laughed and Steve thought it was sort of amusing, but also disrespectful, of course.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I guess so…” Morgan said slowly, eyeing him with caution, as if he was somehow pulling her leg.
Besides, in complete truth, he really was busy with Mr. Stark. Rhodey and Happy has pulled him aside the day after the funeral and basically forced him to knock on Mr. Stark’s office door, as they thought Peter had the best chance of having the door opened to him.
Things go from slightly better, to bad, to much, much worse.
So, he was taking advantage of the opportunity. He sat down at his desk slowly, careful not to shift any of the papers sprawled over the surface of the desk out of place. The desk stretched across the wall and had a wall windows in front of it. The windows doubled as displays for modeling tech and whatever else he needed them for.
“That’s what she said,” Tony couldn’t help himself and Steve rolled his eyes. On one side of the chart was the rough guest list for Christmas, the other side had the available rooms and their current inhabitants listed.
It was Sam and Bucky who had suggested having the holidays at the Stark (and Rogers) residence for the team. They argued that after Thanksgiving, it just made sense. Considering there was nowhere else for the team to gather besides what, Missouri with the Bartons, no thanks, it was agreed that Christmas would be at the lakehouse.
“Yes! Of course,” Rhodey said a little too enthusiastically and jumped up to grab him a cup.
“Yeah, yeah,” Rhodey playfully shoved him off and Tony grinned. He was
“It’s not your -”
Tony wondered.
going to take the job.
“I hope that-” Tony cut himself off in order to properly phrase what he was going to say. “I hope that when you’re here… you feel like we want you as Steve.”
It had taken surprisingly little to get Tony to agree to it considering the alternative. The therapist was something that Tony had to concede was probably long over-due anyway. It was nice to talk about everything. Meaning
“Kid?” Tony heard himself say and Peter turned around, his eyes cartoonishly wide.
. Tony rubbed his back and tried to come up with an explanation that didn’t sound too half-assed.
“But,” the door was already closed and he was left alone with Morgan.
He had phoned her the night that everything happened, asking for permission to stay at the Stark’s for a couple of days. He was curled up on the couch with a blanket that didn’t cover his feet and it was late.
“Why don’t you ask Peter?” Morgan plopped down on the floor so Tony could better help her pull on her boots. He laced them up for her, then picked her up so she was back on her feet.
“What kind of teenager is fully okay with being kicked out of his personal space for nearly a week?” Tony crossed his arms.
“Morgan?” The girl looked up at him and smiled. “Do you want to come chop down a Christmas tree?” Her eyes widened.
“Pepper was more than my wife and Morgan’s mom,” Tony’s voice cracked but he continued on, “she was my best friend.”
“You did, Daddy!” She giggled and Tony scooped her up onto his lap.
“Say bye to Daddy,” Steve instructed and Morgan waved.
“But, Daddy!”
. After Pepper. Tony didn’t have it in him to tell her that he highly doubted he would ever stop looking at time like that again.
“That’s too early for me to be up on a Saturday,” Tony complained and Steve shared a look with Morgan.
“Oh, don’t patronize me, Steve,” Tony spat at him.
“Yep.”
“But I wanna be an Avenger!” Morgan said, not understanding how that could be a bad thing.
It had been three days since the funeral and five days since the third snap. Tony had resumed his position in his office almost immediately and it was agreed that it might just be best to leave him alone, at least for a while.
“Well, then I better keep him company here.” Tony stood up to admire his work: Morgan seemed to be completely head-to-toe covered and protected from the elements, to the point where her snowsuit was puffy enough that she couldn’t quite fully put her arms down.
“Well, to return the stones, yes,” Steve tilted his head. What was he talking about?
“Oh, shit,” Peter mumbled, getting up from the table and running over to the door.
“I’m not… like that, anymore. I ‘learnt my lesson’ or whatever so everyone can just stop with the kid gloves, alright?”
“You’re gonna do a lot of great in this world, okay?” Tony squeezed him and then without another word, fled the room.
“I’ll take it as a no, you’re not coming?” It sometimes irked Steve that Tony was incapable of giving a straight answer to any given question. He always had to weasel his way around it, even if it wasn’t a big deal.
“Yes, for real.”
enjoy :)
(See the end of the chapter for
“Daddy!” She catapulted herself off of the couch where she was sitting and ran over to her father. He bent down to pick her up and buried his face with her shoulder. “Daddy, I missed you.” She started to cry and he squeezed her tighter.
“Don’t use Peter as an excuse not to come, Tony. I’m worried about you,” Tony rolled his eyes because, really, who wasn’t? “I don’t think you’ve left the house once since October.”
“Not much,” he shrugged again. Steve would never fully understand teenagers.
“No,” Tony snapped. “Not yet,” his voice softened and Steve nodded.
Steve shocked himself with how much he enjoyed the domesticity of it all. Yes, there were aspects of it that left some room to be desired, such as the fact that they were on strict instructions not to leave Tony alone at any time which Tony found horrendously annoying and Steve and Peter found uncomfortable at times. Other than that, it was fine though. He couldn’t shake the feeling that he was interrupting something he didn’t deserve to witness, but Steve found himself cherishing every moment with Morgan. It was clear that the girl was becoming attached to him, as well. Steve just hoped he wouldn’t let her down somehow.
“You need to flip the camera around, I’m guessing.” Peter lost it from his place on the couch, laughing uncontrollably.
“Look, I get it. The kid needs to go back to school, I don’t see why we need to have a sit-down about it,” he cut May off.
Peter looked hesitant. “The kind who’s never really had any extended family to have over for the holidays before?” He said in a small voice. “It’s just,” he spoke up, “well, May and Ben were my only extended family before my parents… and when they took me in that was it. So, I’ve never really had a ‘big family Christmas’ or anything before.”
“What? You like what? Lying down on your chair?” Peter asked in amusement.
“Just a kid’s room. How about you?” He asked.
“You take your time to recruit Spiderman. It’s been five months already and you people still haven’t gone anywhere with him. So I decided to handle it myself with the help of the rest of the SHIELD agents. Coulson also took his time into helping me to solve the problem into baiting Spiderman out. It wasn’t that easy, I know that. But we tried and look how it turned out. We found him skyscraping one night and surrounded him.”  Nick said.
“We have the evidences. Fingerprints, blood samples and so on.” Nick said. “What’s your answer, kid? You don’t have any relatives left. Your aunt just died a few weeks ago. You only have two choices. Join the Avengers or we’ll hand you to the cop. I’m sure they will be delighted if we hand you to them. After all, they still think you’re the murderer of one Captain Stacy.”
“What?! Of course I do! You don’t know how many times I wish we could go back in time and prevent our son from being taken from us! You have no idea how many times I wish that we had our son back in our arms safe and sound!” Steve snapped back.
Steve looked confused at that. “Why not?” He asked. “I… I was scared. I was scared that you wouldn’t….believe me…” He said in a small voice.
“Wow…” Peter amazed as they entered. The room was huge and executive. It was bigger than the living room in his house.
“Anyway, after he was born he was taken away from us. We tried looking for him, looking for the people who had stolen him from us. We even had our friends to help us out but years passed and we couldn’t find him. Steve and I couldn’t get over it. And we never could get rid of this room. We couldn’t. Didn’t want to forget about him. Most of the time, we had hoped that one day that our son would return to us safe and sound with open arms and all.” Tony finally decided to just tell Peter the truth.
Steve and Tony, happily married, were excited when they learned that Tony was pregnant with their first child, (something to do with Erskine’s Serum side effect). It made both lovers stun into silence when they found out that months from now, they’d have their first ever child in their arms.
Tony continued to work him open, adding a third finger and pulling off Steve with a filthy pop, kissing his thigh and looking hungrily down at where his fingers entered Steve’s body. “God, Steve, so gorgeous.”
“Umm. We should probably head back.” Steve felt his face heat and turned to look at the mansion as he spoke, taking another step away from Tony. “The others will get worried if we don’t get back soon.”
With Obie finally gone Tony sagged in relief. For all that he had not wanted to see Obie, he was still hoping that seeing the man would appease something within him and he was greatly disappointed. He didn’t trust the man and he was determined to find out why.
“Jarvis where is everybody.” Natasha asked as she and Clint made their way into the elevator.
Tony had been right, the water was warm and welcoming, much like the man at his side. Steve couldn’t help but turn his head and smile down Tony, noting how close he really was to the man. If he turned his body and leaned down their lips would almost be–
He vaguely heard the chatter coming from his team on the comms. He heard Cap relay an order, but he couldn’t wait and he told him as much.
“Please we all know that Jarvis is the real man in charge. Isn’t that right Jarvis?”
“Thor, is everything alright?” Sif asked as she joined him by the fireplace. “You don’t seem like yourself tonight.”
Steve reached out and managed to pull out a little bottle of lube and a condom before he lost himself in pleasure as Tony took him into his mouth. He groaned and dropped the bottle on the bed, reaching a hand down to cup the back of Tony’s neck, leaning up on one elbow to look down at him. It took all his will power to not fuck up into Tony’s mouth, letting the smaller man do as he pleased.
Steve groans as Tony moves to sit next to him. Tony reaches for his hand and pries it open, pulling the shards of broken cup from his hands.
he doesn’t know what happens next. A knock brings him out of his musings.
Thor looked up at that, giving them an indignant look, as if even questioning the abilities of the mead was an insult to his being.
At Tony’s question the four of them took defensive stands and Thunderball wielded his demolition ball in a circle above his own head before throwing it straight at Iron Man’s head.
Natasha feels shaken. Her dreams are getting out of control. She takes a few deep breaths to try to calm herself. She needs a change of scenery. She checks her email and sees another job posting in Chicago. Chicago may do her some good.
When Steve flew the plane into the arctic he didn’t think he would survive. He never believed he would ever be back in New York. Never dreamed he would get to have his dance with Peggy. Never thought he’d ever have a life again.
“Funny, the papers always made it sound like he was your pseudo father after Howard’s death.”
“Don’t be ridiculous Cap, you are right on time.” Tony replied as he ended his call and put his phone away. “I was just on the phone with Fury and we just got that okay for the trip.”
“He picked those out himself.” Tony glared at Clint. And yeah maybe Steve had chosen the swimsuit that reminded him most of Tony but that was just because they were the longest thing in the store. It had nothing to do with them being the color of the Iron Man armor, well almost nothing.
“Getting a bit slow Agent Romanoff, I got here a good 15 seconds ago.” Coulson teased Natasha and was awarded a glare. Coulson then pulled out two files and handed them to the assassins. “But never mind that, it looks like you’re in luck Agent Barton, you two have a job so I guess Cap won’t be finding out about yesterday’s little incident just yet.”
Steve stood in the living room for a couple more minutes, both stunned and grateful for Thor’s words. When he finally walked back into the kitchen, the team was silently conversing with each other, though he didn’t miss the looks they would shoot him every now and then. Tony for one send him a questioning look as soon as he set foot in the room, looking away when the taller man caught sight, then pointedly tried to keep his gaze away from Steve’s face.
“I am sure the Man of Iron is worth it.” Thor whispered and gave his shoulder a final squeeze, releasing his hold and walking toward the kitchen to join the others.
“Is Jane joining us tonight?” It’s Steve who asks and Thor smiles at the mention of Jane.
“Up yours, Doctor Banner.” Pepper replied as the elevator dinged its arrival. Bruce could hear Pepper berating Tony and heard him groan in frustration before the elevator closed. He turned his attention to Clint and Natasha who seemed to be discussing “S.H.I.E.L.D. business” - or gossiping he couldn’t really tell half the time.
“Sure Tony, whatever lets you sleep at night.” Steve teased before closing the curtain on the billionaire.
have landed on their ass. It’s not my fault if they didn’t move out of the way in time. If they had been paying attention they would have seen it coming.” Clint defended himself, sounding more than a little pleased.
A scream brings her out of her musings and she turns around to see people running. They found her mark.
“Fine, he’s more of an acquaintance you can say, but if you can complete this job for him,” Hammer pauses dramatically and Natasha resists the urge to hang up on him, “we’re going to become the best of friends.”
His response seemed to relieve the other man, but not by a whole lot. “I get that, really I do. I’ve been there - well I mean maybe not there there since I don’t know where there is, for you, but -” Tony took a deep breath and tried again, “I just wanted to let you know that I’m here. If anything is bothering you, if you need to talk or anything, I’m here. It’s not just Thor that you can count on.”
“The sap, walked out with a palm print across the face and a new fond appreciation of privacy. I am certain, he learned not to enter any dressing room without knocking again.”
Tony is looking down at the piece of the iron man armor in his hands when Natasha looks his way.
“Hey, hey, stop that, let me clean that for you.” Tony admonishes him and pulls his hand toward his face to inspect the wound. “Oh, its healed. Good.” Steve pulls his hand back and Tony clears his throat and moves his side of the table. “Sorry.”
“Morning.” Clint and Natasha greeted from their seats at the kitchen island, where they were already having breakfast. Bruce turned to greet her as she strode over to the coffee machine as she usually did every morning. “Good morning. Would you care for some pancakes,
Thor looks back at the door Loki walked through and waits a few seconds.
Natasha sent off the text before she made the conscious decision to do so. She normally only sent her employers two texts one before and another after the job was completed but something told her she wasn’t going to be completing this job.
“Mmm, morning.” Tony sleepily replied, smiling up at blue eyes that never failed to make his heart skip a beat.
“Just the check, thank you.” Steve tells her and watches as she walks away. She turns back to look at him and smirks when she sees him staring. “What just happened?”
“Oh, it’s definitely a yes. LET’S GO.”
They worked for hours getting everyone out safely and by the end of it even the Norse god was exhausted and the Wrecking Crew got away. The only good news being that Bruce managed to de-hulk rather quickly and there were no casualties.
“What are you offering?” She whispered into his ear. She wasn’t sure if her employer was listening in and she preferred to do business in private.
“Yes, Rhodey, I am and that is why I’m doing what I’m doing. That’s why I won’t be signing the contract with the US military.”
“Oh. Thanks.” Sam manages a weak smile at the waitress and hands her a twenty. “Please thank the lady for me too.”
Steve couldn’t help but smile at the eccentric man in front of him, brain always running and changing direction faster than the words that came out of his mouth.
Tony’s mansion was beautiful, spacious, and extravagant, much like everything usually surrounding Tony. The private beach that accompanied said mansion was even more breathtaking, with its white sand and clear blue water – visible even in the moonlight - there was nowhere more beautiful. It was paradise, and there was no one Steve wanted to be here with more than Tony Stark himself.
First, let me say that I know that the beaches in Cabo are not how I described, BUT for the purposes of this fic, they are.
“Sir and Doctor Banner are in the kitchen with Captain Rogers. Everyone else has gone to bed.”
“We always miss all the action.” Clint groaned from where he and Tasha were looking over the Intel they had received on a Dr. Samuel Beckett.
Tony turns and watches as one of Obie’s interns simply walks away without a word after knocking into him.
“Well I guess, both my friend, Obie, and I will benefit from this particular target being taken out. Trust me, sweetheart, when I say you will be considerably rewarded, I mean considerably rewarded.”
“I’m all ears.” Bruce leans down to kiss Betty but she laughs again and moves out of the way before his lips could reach her.
<<it is done
“Yes! Thank you, anything you want, it’s yours.” Tony promises feeling relieved.
Steve was sitting next to Tony absently holding his hand as he and Bruce were looking over the schematics to Beckett’s machine, throwing theories around on what it could be, and Natasha’s heart ached at the sight. Would this be the last time they were happy together? Would Steve leave Tony, the Avengers, to go back to a simpler time?
“It is currently 9:06 am on Monday, March 26, 2018.”
“Nah, just wanted to get my feet wet is all.” Tony replied, closing his eyes. “The water is warm, you should try it.”
And just like that, the party started.
Tony still wasn’t exactly sure why he didn’t want to see Obie, but Pepper didn’t ask any questions. She simply kept Obie out of Tony’s workshop, for which he was grateful. She deserved a raise really. The military contract still hadn’t been signed and their current contract expired in two weeks so he knew he wouldn’t be able to avoid him for much longer but all he needed were a few days to sort out what was happening.
“A little, but it’s worth it.” Steve replied as he turned to steal another kiss from the smaller man. “You are worth it.”
Steve thinks he missed the little things the most.
“I’ll show you how.” Peggy smiled and pulled him toward the dance floor.
She couldn’t answer that question.
Though shoe would like to take a vacation first, to try to take her mind off the life she has lived.
“Oh, okay.” Steve felt the tension in his shoulders dissolve and then moved to stand in the water next to the billionaire so that their arms were touching.
“Yes downtown, Tony. You and Obie need to meet with General Ross about renewing the weapons contract and you know Obie hates when you’re late to meetings with the military.”
Rhodey and Pepper gaped up at Tony, not knowing how to react to his announcement. Rhodey’s expression going from concerned to aggravated to uncertain to suspicious. Tony expected the man to get up and yell at him like last time – wait? Last time? - but it was Pepper that finally broke the silence.
Tony froze as he felt his two friends turn to him with various degrees of concern on their faces.
“This must be quite a strange situation for you.” Howard remarked as he sat on the chair across from them.
“Have you taken ill my son?” Frigga asked as she rose from her seat and made her way to Thor’s side.
“Want some breakfast, Tony?” Bruce asked from the stove, moving the last of the batter into the pan.
Natasha threw the disposable cell in a dumpster on her way to hail a taxi. She had to get to the airport and catch her flight. She had another job to do.
“Tony,” she sighs, “fine. I’ll let it go and go along with your little delusion that you’re fine.” He can hear her moving around through the receiver. “Look, I was just calling to let you know that you now have access to the SI servers and that you owe me big time for this.”
“Party?” Steve asked from Tony’s side, giving the man a disapproving look. They were supposed to be on vacation, this was no time for one of Tony Stark’s notorious wild parties.
“Get me Harley on the phone. It’s time for me to get more involved in what the hell is happening.”
Maybe Steve would want to go back to the 40s, but the fact that he was here caring for his team meant he wouldn’t make that decision lightly and that was more than any of them could ask for.
“Shall we get going then or are you boys going to start again?” She inquired and Bruce visibly stirred at the threat in her words.
Tasha nodded and walked off without a question. Clint raised his eyebrows but followed along silently. If there was any information Tasha needed to share, she would no doubt do it when the time was right. He didn’t need to be sleeping with her to know that.
Bruce grinned at Natasha and turned to Clint, “Fine one drink, ONE.”
Bruce chuckled and went back to making breakfast while Pepper filled up two mugs of coffee, one for herself, the other for Tony no doubt.
“Alright, fine, why don’t we split up and look in these smaller tents first.” Fuck. Clint linked her better when she was distracted. “I’ll radio the rest of the team to spread out and block off the exits.
“Come on.” Sam replies, closing the pouch carefully and handing it back to Steve. “Don’t tell me you believe in all that superstitious crap now!”
Natasha raised an eyebrow, seemingly having heard the lie in Steve’s words and finally taking interest in the conversation.
“Really? Is that all I have to do to get him to leave me alone?” Tony asked Natasha and earned another elbow to the ribs from Steve.
“I think you’ve finally found your calling Barton.” Tony teased.
Steve wanted to protest but was cut off by Tony’s appearance at his side. “Wait, are we getting Cap here drunk?” Tony chuckled as he sat next to Steve. “I want in on this, make it three Barton.”
“Yeah, ready to go?” Steve asks and picks up the bill. “It’s getting late.”
Thor could see Frigga and Odin at the head of the table, Sif and the warriors three were also there already seated as was Loki-
“Good morning Avengers.” Pepper chimed from the entryway to the kitchen. “What smells so good?”
“Why am I not surprised that Jarvis picked a location where you have your own home?” Bruce marveled as he finally stepped out of the limo, Thor following closely behind and grinning widely.
“She’s upstairs with Jane.” Bruce answered without turning away from the stove.
Suddenly, Steve just wants to go home and lie down. It’s been a long day.
“Same.” Steve admitted with a smile and leaned down to press a kiss to his temple, then his jaw, working his way down to Tony’s lips then down to his neck.
Tony sighed and leaned back in his chair. “There is nothing to talk about.”
“Tony, we’re drunk, I don’t think we should be going anywhere.” Steve disagreed but got up to follow anyway.
Tony still didn’t know who Steve was or why he was having dreams about him, but he wished he did.
Steve chuckled and made his way over to the bar just as Thor came in carrying what looked like a miniature wooden keg.
Fun Fact: I almost went with a completely different storyline for Bruce and had him be alone with the Avengers and happy with Betty in this new life. I couldn't do that to poor Bruce though, he deserves to be happy.
Steve traces a hand over his face and sighs heavily. After all the shit he’s been through, the year he lost, he thinks he’s allowed to dream of the live he can now have.
“What do you want?” Tony asked again, lifting his head to look at Steve in the eyes.
Coulson dismissed the group after a chorus of, “Yes, sir.” He turns to see Agent Hill standing behind him.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Right.” Natasha answers as she forces herself to walk toward the parking lot. “I’d get to the point if I were you. Since I am about 10 seconds away from hanging up on you.”
Tony gaped up at Steve. “What! No, no, no. I take that back, waking up next to a gorgeous blonde is not all its hyped up to be. In fact-”
Tony sat up suddenly. He had been on the field with- He couldn’t remember. He was in bed, in Malibu-
“I really do.” Tony heard him say before he closed the door.
The fact that they had discovered the Wrecker among Beckett and the Purple Man – there was no other way of describing him – had raised several alarms in her mind. Surely the Avengers being called in to assist with the Wrecking Crew in New York was no coincidence. Going by the look Clint had given her, he came to the same conclusion.
“Obie’s former secretary. When the hell did this happen?” Pepper is starting to look a little pissed.
“That would be me.” Killgrave spoke up as he stepped out from the shadows, making his presence known to the group of hired thugs.
“Sorry, I didn’t know you were busy, father? Am I interrupting?” He knows that he’s never had any secrets with Loki before, but something tells him that is no longer the truth.
They spent the night drinking and laughing, until even Steve was more than a little inebriated. Between eating, swimming, and of course drinking, they all managed to forget their troubles for at least a couple of hours. No one worried about meetings, missions, or disasters that could end the world. Even Bruce seemed to have let loose enough that even the idea of the other guy coming out to play didn’t put him on edge.
“Steve -” Tony’s voice brought Steve back from his thoughts and he backed away, embarrassed at being caught staring at the other man’s lips. “Why -?” Tony asked, reaching out to Steve. “What’s wrong?”
He intends to stroll out of the tent and blend into the crowd before hot wiring the first car he can find, but voices outside the tent make him pause.
“Old man? Do I need to remind you of the grey hairs you found last week?” Steve laughed.
“I got you.” Tony replied as he took Steve into his hand and began to jerk him off in time with his thrusts. “Come for me Steve.” He whispered into his ear and that was it.
“Jesus!” Bruce jumps slightly back and focuses on lowering his heartrate. “Are you trying to kill everyone in the tower? I thought we agreed no jump scares.”
“Sir, his vitals seem to be stabilizing. I think he’s waking up.” An unfamiliar voice spoke.
One of crates is stamped CONFIDENTIAL and Tony doesn’t know how he has never seen it before. He asks J.A.R.V.I.S. to scan the crate for potential hazards, but the scan comes back clear. Tony grabs a crowbar and gets to work, opening the crate and peering inside. He sees what looks like a round metallic plate with half a star sitting at the top and reaches to pull it out.
Steve tried his best not to grimace. “Oh, um, I haven’t really seen her much actually. She’s moving to LA and, well, she and I aren’t really seeing each other anymore.”
“Don’t worry Cap, it’s not going to be anything crazy, it’ll just be us.” Tony promised, trying to reassure the super soldier with a small smile and a pat on the back. Steve relaxed at his touch and nodded. He moved to help with the bags before he did anything stupid, like lean in to kiss the man.
“Father, I know it will sound crazy, but I’ve been experiencing weird dreams. Only, they don’t seem like dreams.”
“Steve, it’s not a bad thing to know what you want.” Natasha adds in a soft tone, placing one of her hands above both of his on the table. “I am just glad you’re finally getting your shit together.”
“Is there anything else I can get for you, sir?”
“Tony? Are you alright?” Pepper sounds concerned; no doubt being alerted by J.A.R.V.I.S. about his latest episode. “What- What did you see this time?” She whispers the last words into the receiver.
Tony sighed in relief at the fact that JARVIS was there and functioning, though he wasn’t sure why. “What day is it?”
Tony laughs in triumph. He is definitely going to have J.A.R.V.I.S. save a recording of their conversation and use the sound clip as Pepper’s ringtone.
“Sorry, my mistake. I was distracted.” Bruce hastily tells the guard, who looks seconds away from arresting – maybe even shooting him – and backs up some more. “I must have taken a wrong turn and didn’t notice.”
Clint is feeling restless. He is sure he is being watched. Last night, he went to the movies and saw a beautiful redhead across the street from the theater. He is sure he has seen her before. He doesn’t trust that this is all one big coincidence. He doesn’t trust that she isn’t working with S.H.I.E.L.D.
He walks to a bar a few blocks from his place. It’s not the nicest spot he’s been to in a while, but it beats being home alone.
The two men lay there panting for a few minutes, too sated to even move into a more comfortable position. When Tony finally shifted he frowned down at the drying cum on their chests and moved to give Steve a light peck on the lips.
It’s the man from his – dreams? Visions? Hallucinations? Steve doesn’t even know.
He’s beginning to wonder if it’s not such a bad thing for her to know. Maybe he should talk to someone about the visions, he’s been having.
Steve chuckled and followed Tony off the bed, wincing at the movement.
A group of guards enter Odin’s chambers, asking Odin for help.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to- I just- I don’t know what happened.” The two men freeze at Steve’s declaration.
He had stepped outside for some fresh air when the taller man approached him.
“I love you too, Steve.” Tony grinned up at him then began to pull Steve toward the bathroom again. “Now that that’s out of the way, let’s go shower. We have a long day ahead of us. The beach is calling our names you know.”
“So it was a distraction?” Steve asked. Natasha was hardly ever wrong.
Listening to the radio in bed, taking a stroll in the park, drawing the landscape, catching the latest feature picture. It amazes Steve that he is able to do all that again and much more now that he is back. There is the bigger stuff too, he supposes, he can buy a house, get a job, properly court Peggy, settle down, even have kids.
The kiss continued – Steve wasn’t sure for how long - until they ended up tangled in each other on the sand. Tony’s tongue flicking out to tease and Steve willingly parting his lips for the other man. Eventually, when their lips parted Steve caught sight of the billionaire’s swollen lips and gave them one last nip before finally meeting his eyes.
“All in good time my friend. All in good time.”
“Thanks Cap.” Tony smiled then spoke to Clint. “If you must know, ever since the New Years incident, we are not allowed to do much of anything without both Fury and Pepper knowing about it.”
<<i was hired to get rid of Brand not his family
“So why is this time any different, Pep? Why can’t I miss this meeting like I do the rest?”
They had been dancing around each other since the night Tony taught Steve how to dance, that was almost two months ago. For even longer than that, if he was being honest with himself.
“Alright then soldier, you ready for our dance?” Peggy asked with a smile, she looked beautiful in her red dress and Steve couldn’t help but be grateful at having survived the crash.
Steve chest warmed at Tony’s words, at the thought of what he was offering.
Steve groaned loudly and let himself fall back onto the bed when the first finger entered him. The billionaire continued to suck him while he worked him open with his finger, adding a second lubed up finger almost immediately.
He made his way down to his workshop after another restless night. He had been unable to sleep for a week. Plagued by nightmares of death, battle, and heartache. The worst of the dreams, however, came in the form of blue eyes, honest smiles, and loving caresses – all of which he was sure related to Steve somehow, whoever he may be.
“He’s got you there.” Natasha steps into the hallway from behind Clint. She walks past them both, high-fiving Thor.
“Morning, Cap. Pancakes?” Bruce asked at the same time Tony yelled, “Capsicle you’re up!”
“What about Thor over there?” He nodded to where Thor was spread out on the couch, having passed out a good 10 minutes prior.
Steve had gone through a slew of medical exams when he was a child and prone to every sickness known to man, then again when he first became Captain America. Waking up from the ice wasn’t much different.
There is an itch under her skin that Natasha just can’t shake and it has nothing to do with the weather in Phoenix.
“Obie?” That name tugs at a part of Natasha’s mind. Obie?
It was late by the time Bruce came home. His apartment was dark and quiet.
“Yeah there is, listen, what happened last night,” Steve blushed but forced himself to continue, “I was - I don’t really know what came over me. I mean I’m not - I don’t – what I mean is -”
“I guess I’m going east then.”
Steve frowned at the man’s words, he was right and Steve had to move on even if it hurt.
“I think you’ve had enough, Natasha told Clint as she took what had to have been the man’s tenth drink of the night and placed it back on the bar, “come on, it’s time for bed.” She held her hand out for him to take.
“Be nice.” Steve pleaded.
Fury say?”
“Somewhere sunny.” Natasha supplied from her seat.
“Okay.”
Clint didn’t object and took the hand she offered to get up; a sign of how much he had actually had to drink. He mumbled what Steve assumed to be “Goodnight” to everybody as Natasha put his arm over her shoulder to hold his weight.
“Any idea what we're up against?” Steve asked in his Captain America voice as he made his way to the quinjet hanger, “Will we need Doctor Banner or the Hulk?” He asked as an afterthought, for which Bruce was grateful, he hated hulking out only to find out that the Hulk’s presence wasn’t necessary.
“Yeah, I’ll get right on that.” Tony nods and steps back from Obie. “Pep, my office please?”
>>Do we have a deal?
“Nope. I’m good.” Bruce laughed then yelled after Pepper. “Have a good day, Ms. Potts.”
Steve sighed, almost inaudibly, silently wishing Tony had been the one to knock last night.
“What do you want?” Tony asked from above Steve, stroking his hands up and down Steve’s chest in what was supposed to be a reassuring motion but only made Steve shiver in anticipation.
“Yeah, he and Pepper left about 10 minutes ago.” Bruce answered and they both jumped when they heard a commotion coming from outside the kitchen, making Sam laugh at their reaction.
“Everything is fine.” Tony sighed, a little dramatically, at his reply. “What? Tony, I am fine.”
Fun Fact: This is a spite post. Hope you enjoy this update as much I enjoyed writing an upcoming death scene (not anyone important) and a not so subtle name drop.
“So what do you think Cap?”
“According to some of the texts, Black Widow wasn’t expecting the family to be home. Initially we assumed it spooked her somehow, maybe she got caught and ran. But everything was in place for the house to go up in smoke. She just didn’t do it.”
“We have a lot to celebrate.” Betty raises one of her arms and Bruce sees the champagne bottle. He’s amazed she didn’t drop it during her laughing fit. “I have some pretty big news.”
“So, how are things with Peggy?” Howard asked as he handed him a mug of coffee.
Natasha paused and gave Clint a pointed look, one that said
“Hammer.” She cuts him off, he was always amongst the most annoying of her clients.
“We were-” Steve looked up at Howard and felt all the air leave his lungs. Damn, I forgot how much Tony looks like Howard. Wait, Tony.
“No,” he says after a long silence, “not personal. Fury just needs him brought in for a special mission.”
Steve came with a harsh moan on Tony’s hand and their chests while the smaller man continued pounding into him.
“Someone woke up in a good mood.” Steve kissed the top of Tony’s head, holding on to him tightly, as if afraid that Tony would move away.
“By the names of our ancestors, Thor, that is a hell of a story.” Odin smiles and takes a step toward him. “Has your brother put you up to this? He has always been quite mischievous.”
Steve followed. “It’s alright. Sometimes things just don’t work out you know.” He shrugged and took a seat across from Howard.
“Sir, I’m going to have to ask you to leave. This is not a residential complex.” The guard looks at Bruce suspiciously and uses his radio to call for back up.
Natasha and Clint had, however, not arrived empty handed. Steve had no doubt that with the Intel they gathered the team would be able to discover what was going on. Unfortunately, today probably wasn’t going to be any easier.
“I beg your pardon, sir, but how does a super soldier lose control of their limbs?” Jarvis is standing between the two men. This is the man that raised Tony. I can see how he turned out so brave.
“J.A.R.V.I.S., any word from Pepper yet about the SI servers?” Tony asks, pulling the last of his father’s crates out from storage.
“Am I interrupting something?” Obie asked, seemingly oblivious to the conversation.
“Now hurry and get dressed old man. Thor and Happy are already waiting for us in the car and you know how cranky they get when they’re hungry.” Tony joked as he pushed Steve toward the changing room.
“That is terrible.”
Coulson sighed and turned to the junior agent. “I want eyes everywhere. We need to know where he went. We can’t let his trail run cold.”
“Wait. You
They stumbled their way across the sand toward the house, stopping every few feet to kiss, to touch. Reassuring each other that they both wanted this with each caress. By the time they made it inside, Steve felt drunk again – but he knew alcohol had nothing to do with it this time - and they managed to make it to the stairs without too many problems. They knocked down an expensive looking painting in the foyer when Steve pushed Tony up against the wall for a kiss and broke a vase along the way but they were both too far gone to care.
Tony, however, seemed to take Steve’s frown as a rejection. “Sorry, I don’t mean to be pushy, if you don’t want to do this, you don’t have to. We’ll blow the event off and do something else. If you’re not ready, you’re not ready. Fury will have to understand.”
It had been a long day and based on the look on Fury’s face it was only going to get longer. Phil could only hope that Clint and Natasha were having a better time in DC.
The agents seemed to sober up at Coulson’s words. Good. He needed them to take this seriously.
“I said that out loud, didn’t I?”
“What do you mean?”
Tony leaned up into the kiss and wrapped his arms around the blond, pulling him closer. He had waited a long time for this kiss, to have Steve in his arms and he wasn’t planning on letting go.
“Looks like it’s just you and me now Cap.” Tony turned to Steve and wiggled his eyebrows.
“Steve, can you hear me? It’s Howard, come on Steve, open your eyes.”
“Steve.” Tony’s pupils were blown and he whimpered Steve’s name as he began to thrust into Steve’s fist.
Tony felt a wave of relief hit him. He wasn’t sure why but he was sure that it had something to do with Obie and the weapons contract. Nothing made sense. He’s known Obie all his life, he was always happy to see him yet he found himself dreading the idea of being face to face with the man. He also knew Stark Industries was in the weapons business, but something told him it wasn’t right. He just wished he could remember what it was.
“Sir, Ms Potts and Colonel Rhodes are upstairs and are requesting your presence.”
He’s not betting on it.
Phil sighed, not looking forward to explaining the situation to Fury. The Avengers – the available members anyway – had made it to the scene and cleared most of the civilians before facing off with two members of the Wrecking Crew. Thor going head to head with Bulldozer while Cap took on Piledriver; the Hulk hadn’t been needed so Bruce had been working with the local authorities to help the civilians trapped inside the bank vault. The civilians weren’t in any immediate danger and everything was going well, until it wasn’t.
“Ok that’s it. I’m calling Obie and cancelling the meeting. You are clearly in no condition to be doing anything right now.” Pepper told him as she took out her phone.
A bright burst of light, followed by loud static, blinded Tony and then everything went dark.
“Rhodey and Pepper are the only ones who really know what really went down with Obie. They are the only ones who were caught in the crossfire. It’s hard for other people to understand just how hard everything was.” He starts tinkering again while he speaks and Natasha’s heart aches for the man. “I haven’t- Even after all these years, I don’t think I’m ready to open that can of worms yet. I know Steve – Look, I trust him, I do. I just wouldn’t know how to start.”
“Is that guy
“No worries professor, this homework isn’t even due for another two weeks. I’ll just come back later.” His student rose and walked out the door, with a sheepish look on his face.
So yeah, sometimes Tony really hates Pepper, but today isn’t one of those days.
“A job? With the Avengers out there? I thought we were taking a break?” The one with the metal helmet on his head replied with a suspicious glare. He could see the three other members of the Wrecking Crew – as they called themselves - sitting on the crates in the middle of the room.
Coulson was sure that they had him this time.
“My best guess, when I was busy losing my mind about Steve.” Tony rubs a hand over his hand, opening his eyes to see Obie coming their way. “Heads up. Incoming.”
Betty once said she wanted to make the apartment a home and she did. She made it a home for Bruce, he was just to blind to see that it was never truly home for her.
Loki looked at Thor as if he had gone crazy. “I live here, do I not?”
“Except for you to go see a doctor?” Pepper prompted.
The two stand there in silence, looking at each other before Hill speaks again.
“Perhaps you are right. But that wouldn’t explain-” Thor sighed, there was something pulling at his mind, something akin to a memory but different, as if it were from another life.
Except her mark was supposed to be the only casualty and as she arrived to her destination she could see that he was not alone. A woman – probably the wife – and three kids were there with him.
he won’t bench you. And then you won’t have to apologize.” Bruce suggested.
“Leave us.” Odin sends him away and Thor walks out without a second thought.
“Okay.” Tony didn’t seem completely appeased but didn’t press further as he sat next to Steve and turned to Bruce. “So Bruce…”
“But you’ll have to do it in the next 30 seconds because Coulson is on his way up.” Natasha supplied from where she was leaning on the counter. “
He half turned and joined a group of teens heading for the other side of the parking lot, he needed a ride.
Natasha’s gaze is softer than her words and Sam looks away, allowing his friends to have a moment. Instead, he reaches for the pouch under Steve’s hands.
“S.H.I.E.L.D. is already on scene getting civilians out of harm’s way.” The archer added as the quinjet took off.
“Probably because she didn’t want your input on how to
It was cold. Very cold. No, it was warm, very warm. There was a voice. Voices?
As soon as Coulson had spotted them, he had seen the machine. He had seen the schematics before, knew the possibilities and he had to make it to the machine before it was activated. He had to shut it down. His team depended on him, at this point they were his family and he couldn’t lose them. He couldn’t lose Steve.
Steve blushed furiously while Tony just chuckled and squeezed his shoulder before letting go. “He’s just jealous that all he gets is Jarvis and I get you.”
“Was there something else?” Steve called out after him.
“Ugh, here comes one of Obie’s new interns, I swear he picks them right off the street. I have to go.”
So there was a version of this where Steve told Tony about the Thor thing and Tony took it really well and his reaction to it was somewhere along the lines of "that's hot", but that version was, well I didn't like it so I was like yeah no. Then there was a second version, where Steve tells Tony and things got a little angsty and the story got really long. So this version is the one that you get.
“Thank you, sir.”
hungry? With your super metabolism?” Tony gave him a disbelieving look. “Why don’t I believe that?”
“Steven, if it is your wish, we shall forget about it.” Thor spoke in a soft tone. “But do not let the fear of breaking up the team stop you from going after that which your heart desires.”
“You are such a sap.” Tony answered in a mocking tone but he was smiling and there was a slight flush to his cheeks so Steve took it as a win. “Come on.”
“Tony, my boy, it’s so good to have you around the office again.” Obie pulls Tony in by the shoulder. “You know, R & D are ready for you to come by and look into the new explosives. You know, give them the all clear that they aren’t going to blow themselves up and all that jazz. You should head down there soon.”
Steve gave them a small smile, “Thanks, what happened?”
That on the other hand interested her. She turned toward him and raised her brow as she strode over to sit on his lap.
Tony leaned down and kissed Steve as he pushed inside slowly. Steve arched off the bed at the sensation as Tony murmured reassurances against his lips. Tony stilled when he was finally all the way in, waiting for Steve to adjust.
“Was that okay?” He stammered when he finally caught his breath.
“Private, go get Agent Carter.”
“At ease soldier, the war is over.” Colonel Phillips said from the doctor’s side. “You saved the world. Now go out there and celebrate.” He patted Steve on the back and walked over to speak to Howard.
“It’s about time,” Piledriver chimed in, “I was beginning to think the mighty Avengers had given up after yesterday.
“Since when do you ask for permission to do anything?” Clint inquired while he shot another paper towards Tony, which Steve easily blocked with his left hand.
“I mean, I’m not making weapons for the military anymore. In fact,” Tony got up and strode over to the bar, “I’m done making weapons.”
“Yeah.” Steve nods, and Sam resists the urge to point out the light blush coloring his face. Steve laughs and reaching for small package hidden inside his pocket. “Natasha was a god send during the process.”
“Tony.” Steve groaned, clutching at the smaller man’s shoulders and rocking down onto his fingers.
“We?”
. A look that would scare the daylights out of any grown man. Even so, Steve could see the affection behind the look, affection she only ever showed around the team.
“You can always come to me if you ever need anything.” Tony continued, a tint of color appearing to color his cheeks. “I’m here.”
Steve whimpered as Tony pulled away. He wanted the man naked but he couldn’t help but feel disappointed at the loss of contact. It was irrational, he knew, but Steve wanted nothing more than for the man to keep kissing him, touching him, anything. Tony stood at the foot of the bed and began to remove his shorts slowly, making a show of it. Steve glared at him from his position on the bed, wanting the man to get naked faster.
There’s always Heimdall.
The fight was a relatively easy one. The Wrecking Crew was getting tired, that much was evident but they were taking far too long to take them into custody. Given that this was probably nothing but a distraction, they needed to end this faster.
Bruce resisted the urge to sigh once more but turned to walk into his office. If he was going to do this he might as well be comfortable while he was bombarded with questions that could be answered by looking in the book.
.” She replied in an equally teasing tone. Everyone in the tower had long since learned to refer to her as Pepper but Bruce couldn’t help but tease the woman every now and then. It was something that had started back when she was still dating Tony and never really stopped.
“Fine, but you’re also coming in tomorrow, by the way.” Pepper says and Tony can almost see the pout she is almost certainly sporting from her tone alone. “I cannot- no, actually, I refuse to deal with the damn board of directors again. They are so obnoxious and entitled and, I can’t believe I am about to say this, but you were right, they suck!”
Bruce laughed as the three S.H.I.E.L.D. agents made their way to the elevator.
“Not tonight, Captain. She’s working late this whole month to try to finish the LITOS in time for the convention.” Thor explains, turning his attention to where Natasha is queueing up Netflix. “Says its going to change the world.
“Which totally isn’t fair.” Clint whined and banged his head on the table dramatically.
He needs a better plan to hideout. This was too close.
Clint raised his glass, “You heard the man, bottoms up!”
“Thor?”
Agent Hill seems stunned for a moment before shaking her head. “Right.” She turns and motions for Coulson to follow. He follows her to the back of their surveillance van and motions the techs inside to leave.
“You know, Cap won’t be too happy if he finds out Tony had nothing but coffee this morning.” Clint teased as Bruce served himself a plate and turned off the stove.
Yeah, sometimes Tony really hated Pepper.
“Who are you?”
“I resent that, I am not a playboy anymore.”
“The land of – WHAT?!” Clint spoke up from next to Steve, already looking far more awake than he had five minutes ago. “Thor, are you kidding? If you are even going to suggest a theme park it has to be Six Flags!”
“Oh, um, sure.” Steve got up and walked to the living room, Thor trailing silently behind him, without looking back at the stares he was sure everyone was giving them.
Second, I am going to go hide under a rock now, so yeah, bye.
Something was wrong. Thor felt it the moment he awakened in Asgard and not in-
“Fury is just a being a baby.”
Bruce turns around and starts making his trek to his apartment, deciding to stop for a coffee along the way.
A carnival was a little too on the nose for Clint- No, Barton. I have to stop doing that. Then again, hiding in plain sight was almost always the best course of action, every agent worth a lick knew that.
“He was not flirting.” The girl answers sounding a lot more interested in the conversation than she was a minute ago. “Was he?”
“Captain,” Thor interrupted Steve, using a softer tone now that he wasn’t laughing, “there really is no need to apologize. I understand that Midgardian bodies have needs and most importantly, that it is not I that holds your heart.”
“Always straight to business with you.” Hammer sighs, before continuing. “I have a job for you.”
“Don’t listen to Clint, Cap, they look good.” Bruce stated before turning his attention to Clint. “Do you really want another smack to the back of the head?” Clint winced and turned to Tony, frowning while he rubbed the back of his head. Huh. Guess he’d been wrong about that.
Coulson freezes.
“What’s the status report from the Avengers?”
“Agent Fury is dead, Coulson.”
A knock on the door brought him out of his thoughts and made Steve freeze for a moment, reminding him of the previous knock on his door.
“Tony, you are not fine. I’ve never seen you like this. We should call a doctor or take you to the hospital or something.”
Tony saw a ray of light shooting up to the sky a second before Jarvis relayed the information about strange readings coming from the machine. He knew that if the machine was running, it was anything but good news.
Pepper smirked at Tony and pushed him toward the door, already knowing she won when Tony didn’t struggle. Sometimes Tony really hated Pepper.
Things between the team weren’t always easy but it was moments like these, moments where they could joke and be themselves, that kept Steve going. Maybe it wasn’t so crazy to be in love with one of his teammates. Maybe last night’s mistake wasn’t important in the grand scheme of things. Maybe despite it all everything would be alright. At least that’s what Steve told himself, but even he wasn’t naïve enough to believe that completely.
Next time he caught up to him, he wasn’t going to let him escape.
“You are all a bunch of children.” Tony’s voice emanates from the media room, followed by Steve’s laughter.
“Excuse me?” Rhodey asked, putting his own slice of pizza down. “What do you mean you aren’t going to sign the contracts?”
“Aww, don’t pull the guilt card Pep.” Tony groaned as he stood from the chair. Pepper knew exactly what she was doing. At least this time she didn’t pull the Steve card, which she also constantly pulled when Tony was being uncooperative, knowing that the last thing Tony wanted was to have to see Steve’s disappointed look directed at him. Well the last thing he wanted was for Steve to withhold sex, which he usually did in these situations but he wasn’t going to tell her that.
The agent nodded and moved to his station, “And when we find him I don’t want to lose him again, is that clear?” He didn’t wait for a response and walked away.
Tony scoffed, “Three words Barton: New Years Incident. Do
It has nothing to do with the weird dreams she’s been having and her weird new obsession with carnivals and circuses.
“What?!” Clint looked up alarmed just as Coulson walked into the kitchen.
“No.” Steve gave her a small smile and continued swaying around the dance floor. Whether he answered no to having had lessons or being alright, he didn’t know.
“Just get dressed and meet us by the cash register.” He heard Tony mutter from somewhere outside.
, come cry with me about Civil War and other stuff.
“Just trying to clear my head.” Tony turned and tried to return Cap’s smile – he had a feeling he didn’t succeed.
“Alright you two, break it up.” Steve stepped in before the two assassins started arguing or got into another one of their prank wars that everyone else would end up paying for. “Clint, be nice and do not threaten the lady’s vodka. Natasha, don’t kill anyone.” He said with a smirk. “We are on vacation.”
Judging by the look on Tony’s face, the gesture hadn’t gone unnoticed and the man gave him another one of those smiles that Steve loved so much. “Great, we’ll meet you out front in 15.”
“Suggested?” Bruce asked with a quirk of his eyebrow.
“Tony-” Pepper started and Tony knew what was coming next. “Maybe it’s time to see a doctor or a psychologist.”
Hill? Nat? What the hell?
“Yeah, I do, Pep. Believe me. I know what this means more than anybody. I have been thinking about this for the past week, do you really think I’d be doing this if it wasn’t the right thing to do?”
This was right. This was how it was suppose to be. The war was over, he stopped Hydra. He had his whole life ahead of him. He had his friends, he had Peggy. So, why was he so sad?
“I was having trouble understanding how to use the Hamiltonian equation to solve for an unknown dissipative system. I know you said we have to integrate the force to get a potential-”
“Last night you attended the Big Bang Gala at the California Academy of Science. You arrived home, around 3:43 am and promptly fell asleep.”
Steve grinned and followed Tony. They still had a couple more days here in paradise and Steve wasn’t going to waste them anymore. They were together and that was all that mattered. They had each other and that was all they needed.
BZZZ. BZZZ.
“Is everything okay?” The waiter comes over, looking worried.
Steve laughs and accidentally knocks over a glass on the table. Luckily its empty and nothing spills onto the table. Peggy doesn’t seem to notice anything is amiss and continues with her story.
“What Tony is trying to say is that so far what we can make of the schematics is that theoretically it has the potential to alter time or reality but there’s no way to be sure since the information was incomplete.”
“Do not worry Captain. We shall remedy this situation at once!” Thor exclaimed, turning his attention to Clint. “BARTENDER! Two glasses of mead, for our dear Captain and myself!”
Clint snorted and got up from his seat, “Right, so what did
Hill nods. “We thought so too, but the burner we recovered and surveillance at the Senator’s home say otherwise. It’s her, but for some reason, she didn’t go through with the job.”
The door opened and Tony stuck his head in, “You busy Cap?”
His smile faltered.
“Oh Steve.” Tears began to stream down her face as she sprung forward to hug him. “I can’t believe it. You’re alive, you’re back.”
Tony sighed and started pacing.
Eventually everyone started arguing and Bruce threatened Tony with not going, if the discussion of the trip was any indication to how the actual trip was going to be. In the end, Steve had to interfere and they decided that Jarvis would make the final decision.
Tony lingered at the doorway for a few seconds, looking at Steve curiously, before he turned to walk down the hall.
Despite being almost naked in front of the man Steve felt comfortable, more comfortable than he had been in front of the rest of his team. “Thanks.”
“No Tony?” He looked to Rhodey who shook his head,
Halfway through, Tony took a seat at the end of the table. Everyone tried to remain unfazed but the tension was palpable.
Of course, there was always going to be conflict, that was just a part of life. For the first time, Steve didn’t feel the overwhelming need to insert himself into it. Maybe it was because he finally found something to end the fight for.
“Are you telling me I stink, kid?” Peter’s eyes widened.
As guilty as he was about it, it was secretly a relief to him that she had more of his features then hers. The features she inherited from her mother hurt him enough as it was. If she had been born a strawberry blonde with blue eyes it might have just broken him to see her everyday.
Tony could only imagine what his daughter would come up with this year.
of the lock being turned into place. It wasn’t that he was necessarily trying to hide from anyone (anyone meaning Peter, the only other person in the house) but having his privacy restricted for so long - two months and three days, not that he was counting - made him crave it.
“And you’ve decided to bring it out just now?” His tone turned to teasing.
“Right, they’re kids, their backs will recover,” Tony nodded.
“Now,” she smiled deviously. “It’s time for my bedtime story.”
“So, uh… today’s a busy day, right? With the stones… and everything,” Rhodey looked around the table.
Next chapter will probably be up within the next few days (although it may be sooner, who knows)
“Uh,” Steve stammered, “May, Happy, Sam, and Bucky… We should invite Wanda, she has no one else to go to,” Tony nodded in agreement, “and we need to figure out you and me too, I guess. Would you be okay with, maybe, sleeping upstairs-”
“So, how long until you’re all better?”
“So, this is you coming to collect Peter,” Tony started abruptly.
“And?”
“Language
Everyone had basically accepted that Steve was taking a short break from his Captain America responsibilities due to the other responsibilities he had taken on since Thanos. He promised that if a big threat were to occur he’d be there, but so far there was nothing that couldn’t be handled without him or Iron Man to the rescue.
Morgan looked at him with a sense of betrayal in her eyes. “You said that was Mommy’s word.”
“What?”
Tony didn’t have to even hear the familiar footsteps to know that Steve would soon be joining him. It became almost normal for the two of them to sit out here and talk. Or just sit.
“I’ll take it, just give me the phone,” Steve obliged and Tony switched positions with the blonde. “Your costumes are probably a better match anyway.”
“Why are you here, Pete? Shouldn’t you be at school or something?” Tony said after a moment of silence. His words weren’t hostile and Peter had to remind himself not to take them as such.
“You wouldn’t mind staying in Morgan’s room over the holidays while we have everyone over, would you, kid?” Steve asked him.
“He tried to play it off as him making them up,” she continued, “but I know the stories are really about the Avengers.”
here’s part two of the previous chapter!!
Standing at the front of the crowd was Tony, who Rhodey and Happy had been concerned about even attending the funeral. Every knock on his door as a reminder had been ignored and he still hadn’t emerged from the depths of his office. However, the morning of the funeral Tony stepped out in a black suit, hair tousled and eyes puffy, and closed the door behind him. He didn’t say anything to anyone, he didn’t even look at anyone. Except for when Morgan saw him.
“There. Much better,” Peter was almost proud of what he accomplished within two minutes of being in the office.
“Of course,” his voice was slightly shaky and Peter cringed a little, already predicting this would not end well.
“Peter, you’d be an idiot not to go back to school and you’re smarter than that, come on,” Tony looked so disappointed in him, but whether it was because he thought Peter was leaving or that Peter was considering staying longer, he couldn’t tell.
“Umm, hi, Morgan. Can I, uh, sit?” She nodded and he hesitantly sat on the very edge of her bed.
comments make my day :))
PLEASE be warned that this chapter contains a TW for suicidal thoughts as well as a suicide attempt. It takes place in the last section of the chapter, so if you think you may be triggered by it please skip over it and I’ll quickly recap what you missed (non-graphically) in the end notes.
(See the end of the chapter for
Comments make me smile :))
“Is there music coming out of your phone?” He asked and Peter laughed.
“I am inevitable.”
Every day since the funeral, Peter had gotten phone calls from Aunt May, all pressing him about when he’d be going back to school. It wasn’t that he
As they approached the house, Steve turned his head to look at his friends. “I’m making spaghetti for dinner if you want to stay.”
The funeral gathered a crowd far larger than expected. That’s what happens when the funeral is that of someone who saved the universe, Peter guessed. Nearly everyone who had fought Thanos had attended, but Peter recognized faces from all over. There was a group he knew as SI employees from the times he
“No, sorry, it’s just.. No, Captain America won’t let me have any bacon…” He gave Steve a joking glare to which Steve rolled his eyes. “Yeah, I know… Okay, love you too. Okay. Bye.” He hung up the phone and Steve picked up the pans to bring over to the dining room.
“My god, you’re getting sassy. How’s this: I’m your Dad and I said so… and also I love your hair just the way it is,” Tony ran his fingers through her hair and she frowned at him.
“Well, Daddy always just talks about himself.”
what Tony was expecting.
The idea of the therapist itself was part of the arrangement made after The Incident. Bruce had managed to provide oxygen therapy for Tony without a trip to the hospital, but once he regained consciousness he forced Tony to sit down and shut up. Bruce had provided an ultimatum in exchange for The Incident being kept off of Tony’s medical records, which would result in a media field day should the news ever break, as well as put him in hot water when it came to his company.
(See the end of the chapter for
Morgan climbed down from her chair and pulled herself into her father’s lap.
“We shall,” she stuck out her hand and Steve clutched it in his own.
.” Dr. Perry has assured him that it as normal to measure time and holidays in ‘how many days/weeks/months/years’ since a loved one has died. The substantial markers like the anniversary of the death would almost always be a big day, she said, but eventually he’d stop looking at every day like it was
Steve nodded. “Your ass is wet from leaning on the ledge,” he pointed out and Rhodey cursed and pushed away from the wet counter. It was a little bit petty, but Steve couldn’t help himself. Tony really was rubbing off on him.
“Not long, I don’t think.”
“Why?”
“You know,” he started, breaking the pleasantly formed silence, “believe me when I say that this is something I never thought I would say… like ever… but I think you’re actually kind of good for him right now.”
“Okay,” Rhodey glanced at Happy, who frowned as he looked between Tony and Rhodey.
Halloween had come and Tony had yet to discuss it with Morgan since his little meltdown. Steve had taken Morgan costume-shopping one day, he knew, but what they’d picked out he didn’t bother enquiring about.
Steve looked up from Morgan’s plate to see the exchange, his fork and knife stilling in his hands. He looked between the father and daughter, taking in their physical similarities. Everything about Morgan was Tony, down to the colouring of her eyes and her hair to the curve of her nose. She had Pepper’s eyes shape-wise and the light freckles scattered around her face were also definitely her mother’s, but other than that she was practically Tony’s carbon copy.
“Well, you managed to get Tony out of that goddamn office, so I’ll say thank you either way,” Rhodey stood up and slapped Peter’s back.
“No, not exactly, it’s -”
Of course, it was always on the back of his mind that soon enough, he would have to step up and return the stones. It had already been decided that it would be him, he was the natural candidate considering he had nothing to lose. Or at least nothing he would be willing to admit would hurt if he lost. Steve needed a bit of a breather between the funeral and going back - or so he said - and Bruce made it very clear that the very latest the stones could stay in their timeline was one week, so Steve would make the journey tomorrow.
“Daddy, aren’t you going to tell me a bedtime story?” The girl seemingly thought that since Tony had re-emerged from the office, their routines would fall back into place as normal. Morgan’s bedtime stories had formerly been Tony telling slightly fictional, G-rated stories of his time with the Avengers, but he didn’t trust himself to tell one in his present state.
“What, you let yourself get tossed around while you were out? You wanna talk about it?” Bucky pointed to the hand on his side and Steve rolled his eyes.
“I knew you would.”
Tony opened both eyes at that bold-faced lie. “Well, Uncle Steve is a liar because I forced him to watch
“Peter, what was I supposed to do? I’ve been trying to get ahold of you guys for days now, so I thought it would be easiest just to drive up here myself, then you’d have to see me,” she looked almost apologetic as she walked past him into the house.
“I know, okay? I was in a bad place and I wasn’t thinking straight. But, hey, look at me,” he tilted Peter’s chin towards him so the teenager was looking at him in the eye, “I promise I’m not gonna do anything like that ever again.”
“Pete wouldn’t mind being kicked out of his room temporarily, would he?”
“I know you probably think that because of what happened in your office you can’t, but you can, I swear. You just caught me off-guard there.”
Steve shifted slightly and saw who could only be Tony, walking across the house to the entryway and slipping on his shoes. Steve sat up and wiped his eyes with his hands before witnessing the other man quietly open and close the front door, slipping out into the night. He waited for a moment before standing up and stretching. He took a few steps before the floorboards betrayed him, squeaking under his weight.
“What? No. Happy, I-” Peter tried to protest to no avail.
“It’s fine, Pete, go back to bed,” he whispered.
Once he was gone, Peter turned to his aunt and shook his head. “I’m not leaving him, May.”
“Why would I leave the house when I’ve got all I need right here?” Tony flashed Steve the kind of fake grin that Steve recognized as his ‘charming businessman’ smile. The one he used when he needed to get his way. For some reason, it made Steve’s stomach turn and he focused on Morgan hobbling over to him. She walked very penguin-like due to her snowsuit restricting her body movement and it was endearing.
“I’ll pass,” Steve accepted his help getting off the platform, despite the gab.
He had forgiven Bucky as much as he could, understanding that yes, of course wasn’t his fault, but as much Tony could forgive him, Bucky still had the same face as the guy who had strangled his mom in cold blood.
“Oh. He said that?” Peter felt like he couldn’t breathe.
“All I’m looking for is a justification,” Morgan held her hands up in surrender and Tony laughed.
“What’s co-whore?” Morgan asked and Steve cleared his throat in amusement.
“There’s only nine days until Christmas!”
That didn’t exactly surprise Peter, despite how much he respected and admired Mr Stark, of course.
The office door shut behind him and Tony smiled as he heard the satisfying
Logically, Tony knew this already. Just like Tony logically knew that he wouldn’t have been mad at Pepper for moving on if it had been him who had died. It was more than that. It was every small reminder that she hasn’t there, from her untouched clothes in their room to the curtains in the kitchen that she picked out. Most of all, he saw her in Morgan which was by far the most painful.
He stopped when the door closed, listening to the crickets chirping for a moment before looking for Tony. He saw a figure sitting in a tiny chair, staring up at the clear sky. Steve made his way over, his hands in his pockets. He realized as he stepped off the porch that he wasn’t wearing any shoes, but he didn’t care enough to go back inside and find his sneakers.
It was two days before Christmas Eve and Steve needed to go get a Christmas tree. He had put it off for the past few days because it had been very heavily snowing but the snow had stopped, though a thick blanket still rested on the ground, and so Steve took the opportunity.
“Took you long enough,” Sam joked and Steve smirked, dropping the briefcase and clutching his ribs gingerly.
She brushed his hair out of his eyes and then kissed his forehead. “I know.”
Really, Tony could do anything he wanted to as he wasn’t being hovered over like a child. He glanced at the files and SI paperwork and decided that they could definitely wait until Morgan was back in the house to distract him from them. Sure, Tony could tinker or work on specs for suits for a couple of the Avengers that were due for an upgrade, but he couldn’t bring himself to do it.
Peter seemed to be settling in quite well, he spent most of his time working on his homework or tinkering with Tony (not in the garage - which had not been touched since The Incident - but instead in the workspace in Tony’s office.) Steve offered to help him with his homework early on, but took one look at one of his chemistry worksheets and realized he was way out of his league. Peter did take his offer of help when it came to English and History, both of which Steve prided himself at excelling in.
He hadn’t made any decisions about what he was going to do with the company now that Pepper wasn’t.. able to run it. He was still the owner and still owned enough of the shares that he had the full ability to appoint a new CEO with little input from the board. If it wasn’t for the fact that the company couldn’t function without a CEO for the few years until Peter became of legal age, he probably would just leave it to him. That was the long term plan, anyway. Peter, then once Morgan finished school they would work out some sort of arrangement between the two of them to co-run the company.
“The Barton kids can stay on the couches in the living room,” Steve crossed out their names from the list and wrote ‘
“Yes, and the right thing is going with your aunt and finishing your education.” He was stern and Peter didn’t like it. “C’mere, kid.” Tony opened his arms up to Peter and Peter couldn’t stop himself from embracing his mentor.
That’s forever away,” Morgan’s jaw dropped and Tony had to stop himself from giggling at how cute it was when she was mad.
“I missed you too, baby,” his voice was raspy from the tears and lack of use.
“Nat’s shoes are too big to ever really fill,” Clint nodded and Laura rubbed his shoulders. He gave a thankful look towards his wife and grabbed her hand.
The sound of forks scraping plates was the only sound heard for a few minutes until the doorbell rang.
“Um, yeah, I guess…” Peter shrugged. “We haven’t really talked much about everything and I don’t know, I mean it’s pretty obvious that it’s really weighing on him.”
Steve grabbed his hand and pulled him into a tight hug. Tony’s eyes widened and he stayed still against him for a moment before wrapping his arms around Steve in response. “Goodnight, Tony,” he let go and stepped back.
“See you tomorrow.”
Despite his lack of doing anything, he wasn’t actually bored. Or at least more bored than usual. He was always in a bit of a perpetual state of bored but that’s what came with spending his whole life as a genius who rarely found things to intellectually challenge him.
“And so did Mommy.” Tony stopped his movement and looked at her.
It was a Saturday, meaning Peter was at his aunt’s house and he was stuck in the house with the kid and Captain Nice-Ass. After a second of thought, Tony groaned, burying his face in his pillow, brainstorming all the ways he could suffocate himself without getting up. Unfortunately for him, not even five minutes later he could hear little footsteps racing across the hard-wood flooring and jump onto his bed.
The last five years made him deal with his parent’s deaths in a different way. With location, yes, but also with the new “Dad lens” he saw things through now that he was a parent. This year brought with it another development: Morgan had lost her mom too, albeit in extremely different circumstances. He was mourning Pepper too today.
Tony had originally refused to wear any costume, joking that the only costume he’d need would be the sunglasses and baseball cap he would wear to avoid being spotted by the press. Unfortunately for Tony, this had given Steve a genius idea going off the idea of anonymity, causing Tony to be stuck wearing the most “anonymous” costume there was: the classic sheet ghost.
“Yeah, Mr. Stark?”
“I’m really not,” Peter awkwardly shrugged and looked at the ground.
“I wasn’t being patronizing!”
“It’s okay, Steve. Really. I want you to be happy,” Tony grabbed his shoulder. Steve frowned, suddenly he knew where Tony was going with this and he didn’t like it.
“Sorry, Captain Rogers,” Peter shrugged a little and headed likely back to his own room, or the ‘Spider-Cave’ as Tony liked to call it. “See you for dinner!”
“Oh, ha, ha,” Steve rolled his eyes once again before grimacing, realizing that even pretending to laugh hurt. He better not have punctured his lung again.
“Daddy says that you can get really hurt but heal really fast,” she said matter-of-fact as she very gently traced the outline of one bruise.
“Huh.”
“Hmm, what?” He groggily wiped the sleep from his eyes and sat up. God, his ribs still hurt. He looked down at his chest and saw that the bruising was almost all yellow and nearly healed which was a good thing though. He looked at the coffee table to see a clean folded t-shirt waiting for him.
She needs to get the hell out here.
“Yeah, so just go home and I’ll, um, rest.”
“Tony!” Steve called out before an explosion of bright light enveloped him and everything went dark.
“Oh, I thought – well I know you saw me in there and I thought that maybe -” Steve cleared his throat. “I don’t know, I thought maybe – Oh screw it.”
“Tony.” Steve whined and wrapped his legs around Tony’s waist when he felt the man begin to pull out. “Don’t. Please don’t stop, it feels amazing.”
“Tony! TONY! Are you okay?” Pepper asked shaking him.
“It’s a job in Malibu. It will be considerably rewarded.” Hammer answers and Natasha can almost see the smirk on his face.
“Anything, anything you want, but please don’t kill me.” The man began to cry.
“Can’t do that, Cap.” Tony replied in a strained voice and Steve knew he was headed straight for where Beckett and the Purple Man had been spotted.
He weaves through the crowd and slips into the first tent he finds. He sees various costume pieces scattered throughout the small space and grabs the most inconspicuous coat he can find – it ends up being a dark purple long coat, but he thinks he can make it work.
Somehow the Wrecking Crew managed to rig a bomb to explode when the authorities made their way into the bank to rescue hostages which resulted in Bruce accidentally hulking out. From then on, it all went downhill. Cap made a tactical decision that civilian lives were more important than capturing the Crew so he and Thor focused their efforts on de-hulking Bruce and saving those caught in the explosion rather than going after the Wrecking Crew.
“Thank you, boys.” Jane replied with a smile and made her way to sit by Thor who had already started telling Steve all about Jane’s marvelous findings.
The bar tender steps back to get his drink. Sam takes his card out of his wallet.
Natasha looked at the text and frowned.
“Tony, the share holders meeting starts in 5 minutes and you can’t be late.” Pepper sighed.
At the end of the night, he walked Peggy home, like a gentleman, kissed her hand and wished her a good night. They parted on a promise to meet again. It was almost perfect.
“I am not kidding. He just stood there staring for a good 10 seconds, before Angie finally smacked the sense back into him.” Most of her words were drowned out by her laughter. “She literally, smacked him across the face.”
“So what drink did you make me exactly?” Bruce asked, eyeing his drink suspiciously.
“Tony!” Obie greeted as he made his way into the living room. “Pepper, Rhodey, how are you?”
Steve shook his head and cleared his throat, “Come in.”
And that is nothing compared to the utter and immediate fear he feels when he gets angry. By all accounts, it makes no sense.
“I approve. What do you think Stark?” Natasha asked with a satisfied smirk on her face.
Tony got up, putting on a pair of sweatpants before making his way to the kitchen. He may not know what was going on but Pepper would, she always did.
“Are you alright? I said you’re a better dancer than I thought.” She laughed. “Are you sure you’ve never had lessons?”
He can see a few eyes stray back to the match behind him before quickly returning to him.
Betty is too busy laughing to seem to care about the words coming out of Bruce’s mouth. He can’t stay mad at her.
“Well you didn’t show up to the meeting with General Ross last week and you haven’t shown your face around SI for a while either, and I just wanted to make sure everything was alright.” Obie smiled at him but there was something off about it, it made Tony wary about the older man. “The board isn’t too happy about you going MIA.”
Steve smiled at that, “I know.”
“Fine.” Rhodey sighed and made his way out with Pepper.
“What do we do now Stark?”
Sam has no idea why he is bored of his life, but hell if he is going to go through this shit sober tonight.
“With our lives, can you blame me?” Steve replies and as if to prove his point their phones go off simultaneously. The Avengers are needed again.
Steve woke up the next day on a soft bed, something warm pressed against his back. He shifted his head enough to see the warmth was Tony spooning him from behind, one arm thrown across his waist. Steve smiled at the thought of Tony having held him through the night and leaned into the embrace. He was extremely grateful that the billionaire hadn’t disappeared to his workshop – and if this was Tony’s house it was sure to have a workshop somewhere – in the middle of the night.
“JARVIS?” Tony asked unsteadily.
“What the hell was that?” Clint asks as he joins the group. “Were any of you paying attention when Agent Henderson ran the course or were you all too busy fucking around to care?”
“Easy now.” A blonde woman in a nurse uniform said as she began to remove the tube. “There you go.”
“What’s the situation?” He asked the archer as he approached the quinjet.
The women kept jogging and the few people strolling about this early in the morning didn’t spare him a second glance. He suddenly felt exposed running out in the open without any back-up.
She wants out of this business.
“You got it Cap.” Tony replied and began to fidget. “So anyways I’ll see you out front in 15, well I guess it be more like 7 minutes now.”
“Is that a no?”
Steve seemed to think this through before he finally spoke. “You’re probably right. If the Wrecking Crew was just a distraction then they are probably nothing more than the hired muscle.” Steve sighed, shaking his head. “Well whatever their plan is, it’s late and we’ve all had a long day. I think we should get some rest. We’ll regroup tomorrow and figure this out. Get some sleep.” Steve said that last part in his Captain America voice and slowly they all nodded and made their way to their sleeping quarters.
“I got something.” Phil called out and they walked over to see that the agent had frozen the video feed on a strange man standing next to the doctor they were investigating.
“No doubt going over Jane’s latest readings.” Pepper said with a laugh.
She took down a drug lord this time. She should really get out of dodge before his associates realize that something is amiss.
Clint ended up hitching a ride with some college students who were touring the country.
“Sure, thanks.”
“I get it. None of us were around back then, and our lives are hard enough as it is. You have every right to keep certain things to yourself.” She considers leaving Tony to his thoughts but reaches out instead to squeeze the shoulder closest to her. “I just want you to know that you don’t have to keep it to yourself. We all have our demons, don’t think for a second that anyone on this team will ever judge you for yours. Especially Steve.”
“They needed the push.”
>>Fine. I’ll pay 50k for each additional head
Clint had been working odd jobs at a carnival in Denver. Mostly he’s been pick pocketing, but he’s considering moving on with the carnival down to Albuquerque or wherever they head to next. An idea he reconsiders when he sees an Agent actively tailing him.
As soon as everyone had their drink in hand, Clint walked back to the bar and grabbed a beer for himself, “A toast! To a well earned vacation.”
Clint lets out a sigh of relief but counts his blessings. He grabs the purple coat and steps out toward the parking lot, using the commotion to make his getaway.
“Nothing- why would- uh nothing is wrong, Tony. Really.” Steve lamely replied, taking a drink of his coffee, feeling extremely guilty for lying.
“Tony.” Steve cut him off before he really took off into one of those rants that Steve loved to hear but frankly tired him out.
“Fuck. This is nice.” Sam finally comments when he unwraps the thing. “Like really nice. I can’t believe you’re-”
Thor walks to his father’s chambers intending to speak to him. The dreams he’s been having are escalating and even as he walks to his father’s chambers everything feels, off. He feels as if he is in a waking dream, as though he is losing touch with reality and falling into a never-ending spiral.
“Oh – um – I haven’t really planned anything. I figured we could just relax or do our own thing.” Steve replied, scratching the back of his neck, turning to look out into the water. “Maybe we could hang out here on the beach, go for a swim or something…” Steve trailed off, turning his head to look back at Tony.
“Excuse me.” A voice says as they ram into his left arm, before disappearing into the crowd.
“You saved the world-” Phillips started as the doors flew open.
“Good morning sir.”
“Natasha?” Hill asked and Coulson froze. “Who’s Natasha?”
“It was actually quite amusing.” Peggy answers, reaching for her glass of water and bursting into giggles when she realizes its empty. “Lord, how long have we been in here?”
