At school, David avoided him except when he was still forced to partner with Sherlock in the lab, where he was barely civil. Soon David had a group of friends who looked at Sherlock and laughed, or worse. Based on the looks and the comments in the hallway, Sherlock learned that he was now, in addition to being an antisocial arse, rumoured to have touched David without his consent. So now he was also the scary gay teen trying to take advantage of the innocent straight boys. Thankfully, Sherlock’s long efforts to test out and start early at university paid off before he had to endure any physical attacks, which he had been sure were coming at some point based on the increasingly nasty name-calling and “pranks.” He could deal with someone knocking his books out of his hands. He hadn’t been sure how much more than that he could take without being very tempted to try his hands at some subtle arson.
Sherlock smiled a bit, and asked, “Has it always been girlfriends?”
“Are we going to be talking about your history or mine?”
Sherlock was quietly amused by the “you go first” comment. John seemed to realise that directness and humour were more likely to be well received during a meaningful conversation. Sherlock had never actually said these words out loud, and was unsure what the reception would be. “I had a sexual encounter in my last year at public school before they let me test out and go to university. I had two additional ones at university.”
“It sounds as though there is frequently alcohol involved in your friendships.”
John said, “Ahhhh…” and nothing more.
“You could mean at least seven different things by that.” Sherlock’s bland expression did not convey much about his thoughts on those seven things.
John thought that was a very good question, one he had thought about quite a lot. He had not really been able to form a close bond with any of the women he had dated in years. Friendly banter? Yes. Casual sex? Yes. But anytime they started to take the next step towards wanting something more from him, he started to find fault and politely but with conviction moved on. “I don’t know. Kind of like what I said about friendship - there has to be some reason for me to want to give up part of my time or my life to be with a girlfriend, and I just haven’t found that in a long time.”
“No, actually, I was on my way to a meeting when I thought I might pay a visit to Baker Street and saw you leaving.” Mycroft’s impeccable light grey suit, matching waistcoat, and deep cranberry tie with coordinating pocket square made John feel unusually shabby in his old jeans. Mycroft probably was wearing sleeve garters. John did not understand why anyone needed a tie pin with a waistcoat.
Sherlock nodded, and flagged their waiter. He was not sure how much additional discussion he could handle this evening, and thought most likely that one of his blood coagulation experiments in the refrigerator would be in need of some emergency microscopic examination, which would help to avoid re-living any one of those prior experiences.
John nodded, hoping Sherlock would continue. There was a lot in there to unpack, or maybe not a lot to unpack, depending on your point of view. Sherlock did not volunteer anything else. John thought that perhaps the timeline would be straightforward to discuss, so he asked, “Anything since uni?”
“Are you?”
“I also do not have a ‘job’ in any traditional sense of the word. Mycroft made some form of arrangement to pay something for me here with Mrs. Hudson but I have no desire to stay under his financial control. There are some occasional benefits to my transport when I am reminded to eat and sleep. The fact that you are a medical doctor who is a crack shot and willing to leave the flat to hunt murderers was quite unexpected and has tremendous potential.”
“So here is how this conversation will go for the next few minutes. I ask you a question, and you answer it. Give me three minutes of Q&A and I will feel very complete, Sherlock. Sort of like I’m a detective in training or something.”
Surprisingly, Sherlock gave in first, turning his body to look at John without moving his hand positioning on the violin or bow. “What?”
“Of course, John.”  The car stopped, and John quickly got out, only to return to Baker Street hours later, frustrated at Mycroft, banks, the army, people walking down the street, and the fact that he could barely afford groceries.
John was glad that this was, or at least most probably was, a lighthearted conversation on a serious topic for Sherlock. “Well, sort of. But if I would be in the way, there’s not much reason for me to go. Do you just want me to go with you?”
Instead he asked, “Any idea what happened to David?”
“OK. How about a pint, some food, and you tell me about how you met Mrs. Hudson?”
John huffed a small laugh, and mirrored Sherlock’s language, “Strangely, I feel somewhat compelled to talk with you too.”
Sherlock inhaled sharply. He was not quite sure what to make of the sudden tingling feeling he experienced in his cheeks and his stomach. Fear? No, not that strong an emotion, although he would not be eating any more this evening. Concern about rejection, he identified, about repeating his earlier fumbling efforts to try any sort of bond with another person, made him stop to consider.
(See the end of the chapter for
I appreciate your support so much! Thank you all.
As always, thank you for reading! Your support keeps me going!
I created a couple of playlists you might be interested in (even if they are still works in-progress!):
This was fine.
As his head rested against the pillow, cool against his neck and scalp, John shifted; he turned onto his back, seemingly-still, until a hand found Sherlock’s own, twisting their fingers together.
John's favourite lip-balm of Sherlock's (I had so much fun looking at lip-balms I will never be able to afford or even use freely!): https://www.pharmaca.com/vapour-organic-beauty-lux-lip-conditioner-0-14oz?gclid=CjwKCAjw7cDaBRBtEiwAsxprXSW9zL9fbt-H72FDJ4ngSezxdurFOs-gD3E3KbzenMCx53d0qKcnQhoCBpAQAvD_BwE
The courage needed for Sherlock to reply bubbled up in his throat, clinging to his vocal cords, clogging his thoughts, and finally coming out as a stammered, “Couple of hours.” He leaned back just enough to look at John, but not meet his eyes; nothing good ever came from looking into those beautiful blue irises.
Greying blonde hair between his fingers, sparkling in dawnlight and streetlamps; horrific jumpers peeking out from crowds and crime scenes; hearty laughs over perfect tea; rows over bad habits, ignorance, affection; glances shared across tube carriages and yellow tape and bloody murders; lovely, wonderful sandalwood cologne and peppermint coating an age-old, permanent layer of antiseptic; pools of deep, majestic, royal blue veined in Spartan gold and amazon-worthy forestry; a heart so powerful it rises to express itself between harsh, military codes, between bullets and force-fed meals, over caresses and adorations and praises; this was his home. John Watson was Sherlock Holmes’ domesticity, world, heart.
- to be… everything. For the rest of my life.” His warm hand slipped down, brushing along his jaw, closing around his nape, and pulling the detective’s forehead to his own. The taste of cheap hospital tea spilled against Sherlock’s tongue as John’s breath met his; it was, easily, the most intimate position they had ever shared, open confessions making up for the little space between them their nights in bed did not have. The realisation, the implication, left Sherlock speechless in shock, in
Despite having come from hospital - at Sherlock’s persistent request - and having gone nearly a full day without sleep, John’s gaze sparkled back up at him. The fairy lights wrapped around the fir in the corner of the room casted a wonderful, golden light across his features, highlighting the strength in his jaw and cheeks, the stubble ghosting down his neck, and the dampness across his rosy lips. Sherlock’s tongue slipped across his own mouth, hesitantly; a moment later, John grinned, and his tongue darted out, too.
Thanks for your support <3
Thank you all for the kind words/wishes! <3
Short, but I have the next one planned out, so it shouldn't be too long of a wait.
John didn’t see him until he’d hung up his jacket and slipped off his shoes. Subconsciously, Sherlock realised the flat was dark, only lit by a single kitchen light and the orange foglamp from outside; he felt mildly guilty, having arrived home before John and not even turned on another lamp, much less ordered food or flipped on the kettle. A God-awful housewife, he’d make.
(See the end of the chapter for
Soft warmth still resided atop the muscle; there was no exception anywhere on the doctor’s body, a side-effect of age, but John’s chest heaved against Sherlock’s ribs, breaths nearly synced, strong and sturdy. Sherlock had let his gaze drift down to the inch of exposed collarbone, taut with toned tendon. His mind’s eye provided that image again, still-tan skin expanding down a hardened chest - interrupted only by a light flare on a rugged shoulder and a dusting of sandy hair along a wonderful, captivating navel - goldened by late-afternoon sunlight.
Heat began to flood behind his eyelids. Throat constricted, he looked away, focusing on the lamplight flooding into the flat. Years ago, he’d come home late from the Yard, seeing John’s serene figure molded into the sofa, a novel discarded on his chest. The golden light from the street shone on his face, highlighting his cheekbones, eyelashes, and supple lips perfectly; he couldn’t remember how long he’d stood there, affronted with such a beautiful, idyllic, angelic sight, taking in every curve of the doctor, every breath, every beat.
I'd like to mention, as I think I never did and therefore should, this version of (I suppose my personal) canon does not consist of the beating Sherlock received in season three of BBC's show from John at the hospital. I think that is something that would never, ever happen between ACD's characters, and therefore don't accept it as canon. In no universe would John Watson ever hurt Sherlock Holmes, period.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I adore you, Sherlock.” John’s lips didn’t close with the words, they hovered, parted, ready. Sherlock’s own mirrored the position. “I want… I want this -
This chapter is very short, but I hope to have the next one up within the next day to make up for it! Thank you all for the support.
But never, ever, had there been a real one. Not together.
“What is it, John?” His voice shook, carrying a nervousness that seemed to register immediately in the doctor, who pulled back and looked up at him with concern. Sherlock swallowed against the lump in his throat, but found tears stinging against his eyelashes a moment later. Shame burned against his sternum, and he tore his gaze away, burying his nose in John’s palm. He smelled of antiseptic and metallic, horrible blood.
“John - John, for God’s sakes, tell me you are not hurt!” He scrambled to help, a trembling sob erupting from his throat. Panic and adrenaline allowed him the strength to haul the doctor towards a chair, lean him against it; in turn, his mind went horrifically blank, static and rapid heartbeats filling his ears. He found John’s gaze on him, glowing sapphire in the dim light, reflecting an odd comfort and awe that sent a bone-wrecking shiver down Sherlock’s spine.
And it took me well-over a year to get here! I can't believe it :'')
Rain pounded against the concrete at Sherlock’s feet, his back, the roofs above his head, creating a thrum that vibrated through his sternum with each heaving breath and rushed step. The murderer - whom they’d caught red-handed in his bookstore with a hefty bottle of talcum powder - flung around a dark corner, splashing grit onto the detective’s face, stinging at his cheeks.
John’s lips met his at every chance. They teased, tasted, parted; a delicacy Sherlock found himself chasing in nap-inducing and adrenaline-filled cabs, before parting for Bart’s or the clinic, over breakfasts, between landings and doorsteps. He carried lip-balm with him - a newfound necessity - tucked neatly in his coat’s pocket next to wrinkled receipts and his miniature magnifying glass, and kept several tins and sticks throughout the flat. He found John’s favourite to be a coconut-fig mixture, which the doctor thoroughly enjoyed rendering completely useless after application. Within a week, Sherlock ordered three new sticks, and kept them next to John’s drug-store hair products in their medicine cabinet.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sherlock,” John whispered, articulating the name with wonder, as if it were a prayer, reaching home to the golden gates of Heaven itself. The detective felt another shiver strike down his spine. “Look at me, sweetheart, please.”
“Merry Christmas, John,” he said into the room, expecting the man to have disappeared to the loo, and no reply to be heard; instead, a hand rested on his back, and another caressed his jaw, turning his gaze downward.
I'm sorry for the long wait! Thank you all for the kind words, as always; I tried to bust this one out, and I'm sorry for the tooth-aching fluff, but I hope a couple of the details made up for it.
Thank you all, again!
“Oh… John -”
(See the end of the chapter for
As always, your adoration keeps me alive and going! Thank you all <33
Sherlock’s vision blurred, flooding with bright, bloody red as he brought the pistol down onto the American’s head, sending a gut-wrenching crack through the air as burgundy spilled onto the pavement, the body and gun following the flood. A search found the man without arms, and his steps turned quick, legs suddenly weak as he caught sight of the second bullet’s mark.
Life keeps getting in the way, and I apologise! Thank you for reading; every single comment and kudo is appreciated! <3
“You don’t mean that.”
A tremble danced in John’s voice, lining it with uncertainty and desperation. Sherlock, seemingly out of control, couldn’t reply. He’d never seen John that vulnerable. It was as if they’d both drifted from their bodies, becoming only beings of emotion, drifting both further apart and closer together with each passing second as more physicalities fell away, revealing only synapses, breaths, and pulses.
Sherlock loved him. Risk was nothing, a single blink compared to what he could do for John Watson, what he could give. Bullets to the chest, falls from St. Bartholomew's, whips and the taste of bitter bile conjoined with his own blood were nothing,
- he knew it too well, had seen himself reflected back in dirtied glass, reconciling from his human error, the pulse in the motherboard. The scars on his back, rigid and toughened from little care, the very dirt on his name and distrust within the public, the fresh memory of a monstrous laugh and silenced gunshot were supposed to lead him further from himself, from his mind, and somehow, fingers twisted in plum cotton and cheeks warm from the doctor’s touches, he’d never, ever, felt more at home, more
I hope this was at least a little bit worth the wait <33 thank you all for your kind comments. There will be an epilogue, or, rather, a chapter containing actions spoken outside of the blog (and it's already half-written) ;)
Sherlock’s throat tightened, choking off an exhale into a horribly-embarrassing sound. John was afraid he wouldn’t
thing to do.
“You were shot, John,” Sherlock replied immediately, brow scrunching.
“Yes, yes, I see that, now,” a sigh escaped Sherlock’s lips, “Quite… superficial, I believe.” A rustle came from behind them, and he was up in an instant, pocket-knife safely in his palm. Their prisoner, dazed, had sat up, blinking wearily at John, his bloodied thigh, then up to Sherlock, who gave a wicked expression. “Wonderful news for yourself. If you had killed John Watson, you would not have made it out of this room alive.” He glared, knife stiffening against his skin. “What do you have to say for yourself?” His voice came out as a barked demand, and the prisoner remained quiet.
“Dance?” Closed curtains, damp palms, quick words, and joyless smiles flashed across Sherlock’s mind. Ages, absolute ages had passed since their last dance.
This chapter came quickly after the last, but I do have finals coming up this week, and can't promise that will stay the same!
Your support has kept me going! Thank you all <3
“Jesus -” Was the only thing John could seemingly muster upon first seeing the detective bent over his microscope, presumably looking disheveled, exhausted, and rather stone-like underneath the harsh, cold kitchen light. A beat passed without Sherlock looking up, leaving John to prompt him with, “How long have you been here?”
“Sherlock…” His voice felt like the purest honey, dripping down with golden light and the warmth of a promise, of a commitment.
blog. He remembered the first time he thought the words that rested on the tip of his tongue now, how painful and drastic they’d been, clogging up his neurons, begging to be shouted with every spark of ferocity possible in his body, pacing beside neon water, shaking with information, with realisation, with adoration. Sherlock remembered the touches, the glances, the nods that spoke volumes and every moment in between. His mind kept those memories safe behind high walls and locked doors; his heart kept them permanent.
During writing this, I remembered that noise John made when 'Mary' died and I just absolutely lost it. I couldn't stop laughing, so I'm sorry for the lateness and seemingly lackluster writing :/
Your comments are so beautiful!! Thank you all for every bit of love and support! <33
The door to 221B clicked shut behind Sherlock, who hung his coat and slipped out of his shoes, flinging his gloves and scarf onto the distant coffee table. In the distance, cloaked in low clouds and ice, the tower chimed twelve, drawing Sherlock’s gaze to the flickering lights across the street and the delicate, melancholic frost decorating the windows.
Before he could grab the stool from the other side of the bar, the living room door was being pushed open, and John was there, hair unkempt, shirt unbuttoned, and expression full of exhaustion. Sherlock didn’t make a sound, looking quickly back to the sample under the lens. There was no reason to make this a bigger deal than it had already grown to be.
. He felt miles away, drifting, sinking into the truth, into what he’d allowed John Watson to believe: that he wouldn’t choose him, over and over and
A baby? I think so. (I love you guys, thank you for all the comments <3)
Briefly, he realised how stricken he must look: fingers pistol-bruised, lower lip and eyelids trembling, shoes and trousers hems bloodied,expression open, vulnerable, searching, wanting. But another task, infinitely more important than any other current event, was on-hand. He dug out his pocket-knife, fingers shaking, and ripped open John’s trousers, cutting widely around the bloodied area.
, lungs filling with shared air and wicked mind fizzling to a halt.
“It does matter,” he said weakly. His legs ached, and he realised he’d stood, leaving the samples he’d been pretending to focus on in the dust. Despite his own urgency to fix this, whatever this was - a misunderstanding? A fight? An act of desperation? - standing was all he could do. John, coat breast clenched in his hand, didn’t move for several moments. Then, slowly, he straightened, sniffed, and began towards the stairs.
“Merry Christmas, Sherlock,” he murmured back, thumb idly stroking across his cheek. “You were wonderful tonight, you know. Always are, but tonight…”
(See the end of the chapter for
Only a moment passed like this, a beat in time where the two stared, as if locking trains of thought, intertwining every regret they had and seamlessly apologising with silence. Sherlock couldn’t breathe, couldn’t look away, couldn’t move, until John was there, standing nearly five inches away, and grasping his shoulder, thumb stroking over his cotton-clad clavicle. A shuddered breath escaped Sherlock’s lips at the contact. Heat spread from that point of contact to his heart, then his lungs, bleeding all the way to his fingertips and cheeks.
Greying blonde hair between his fingers, sparkling in dawnlight and streetlamps; horrific jumpers peeking out from crowds and crime scenes; hearty laughs over perfect tea; rows over bad habits, ignorance, affection; glances shared across tube carriages and yellow tape and bloody murders; lovely, wonderful sandalwood cologne and peppermint coating an age-old, permanent layer of antiseptic; pools of deep, majestic, royal blue veined in Spartan gold and amazon-worthy forestry; a heart so powerful it rises to express itself between harsh, military codes, between bullets and force-fed meals, over caresses and adorations and praises; this was his home. John Watson was Sherlock Holmes’ domesticity, world, heart.
(See the end of the chapter for
I believe there's some tension.
“Christ - I love you, I love you, too, Sherlock,” then John was against him, running his fingers through his hair, tugging him down, pressing kisses, sweeter than honey and lighter than London fog, against his cheek, jaw, neck, then to the corner of his mouth; Sherlock’s lips parted, tongue darting out briefly, as a grounding sigh slipped out of his throat. John looked up, once, for a mere second, catching Sherlock’s eyes, then grinned, and pressed his lips to the detective’s in a careful embrace.
I am debating continuing this work in a collection with domestic cases and smut; otherwise, I will simply add in my final bit of *romance* (sex) in two chapters, so people can skip it! Opinions?
John Watson's: https://open.spotify.com/user/brig128/playlist/4NJSy10Ep1xC72CoinrWNw?si=t_UobIWJRMSKsKqIqyvwCw
(See the end of the chapter for
He can feel himself slipping. Allowing himself such sentimental thoughts had never ended well, and had long-since been abolished; but John, ever the miracle, continued to stroke his cheek, wait for the eye of the storm, and reassure him with a glowing gaze.
Also - this is the chapter!
“You didn’t go by Lestrade’s.” The accusation rippled through Sherlock’s chest, hitting his ribs, muscle, lungs, then stinging his heart. Of course he hadn’t gone to the Yard. They went together, laughed at the interns and grumbled about the paperwork, then took a cab home, or to a cafe, or Chinese place. Of course he hadn’t gone.
It was on a case like this, with lots of running, that Sherlock finally told John to hold back his criticism. The streets were thick with fog, subduing the orange glow from the street lamps and making the night even more difficult to manoeuvre through. Sherlock, thankfully, knew where they were, and had a good guess at where the culprit was heading - an old winery.
Thank you all (as always) for the kind wishes and comments. They keep me going, and help the inspiration stay in-place!! <3
Sherlock couldn’t move, only think, admire the electricity he felt tickle at his skin, the overwhelming jubilance in his heart, and that tantalizing touch on his cheek. In that moment, he felt both vulnerable and secured between the ironclad stare and blissful closeness.
(See the end of the chapter for
Things are... heating up.
If you're interested, I remade my tumblr over at bumbleholmes.tumblr.com ! It's still a work-in-progress, but I hope to meet some of you over there, and gather more inspiration!
It was time to tell him so.
John didn’t reply immediately, blinking, then looking down at his feet as his hand came to rest on the countertop, easing his weight off his knee. Although it’d been so long since John had experienced any pain in that leg, Sherlock worried if, perhaps, he kept it to himself to avoid the subject. That was a very
Sherlock risked a glance up at John, and found a glowing, golden-cobalt gaze staring back, crinkled at the corners from a wide smile.
Here can be found the works of Dr. John Watson-Holmes and Consulting Detective, Mr. Sherlock Watson-Holmes, partners against the rest of the world.
, Sherlock.” Another kiss, teasing at the start of his digastric muscle.
As always, feedback is greatly, greatly appreciated. <3
Thank you for sticking by! I come with a short-ish chapter, but bearing great news: I've been accepted into a film and theatre programme in London! I'm beyond excited - this is something I've wanted since I was a kid. I hope now that I've achieved that, I can attend to this more, and share my inspiration more thoroughly.
(See the end of the chapter for
“It doesn’t matter,” John finally mumbled. The sentence was barely audible, but still stinging nerves. “I’m going to bed.” A blink, and John was gone, turned away and sleepily-stumbling towards the living room for his coat, where he dug his phone from an inside pocket. Sherlock realised, briefly, this was not how this should end. It wasn’t right.
John’s thumb twirled at a single, silky curl, winding it around the digit as fingers stroked cooler skin, exposed above a wrinkled shirt collar. “I want this. I want you. For as long as you’ll have me.”
Sherlock looked up, finally meeting John’s eyes, which were ringed in red, and appeared glossy, unlike any other look he’d seen in them. At this, his heart seemed to stop, ribs clenching into themselves as if trying to defend any more shocks to his very core. He couldn’t look away.
(See the end of the chapter for
The coldness, scrutiny, dagger-like rejection and disgust was nowhere, not hiding beneath the edges, of the eyes Sherlock met. Instead, a pool of warmth filled in his chest, dripping into his abdomen, filling his heart valves in place of needles coated in unforgiving adrenaline.
Sorry for the brief chapter - I hope you enjoy, anyway! Thank you to all who have shown their support <3
“My bed is still there.”
This chapter includes the famous moment from 'The Adventure of the Three Garridebs' - that being said, there is a little bit of gore and imagery. There is a horizontal line that indicates when the case is over; mostly, all you need to know is that Watson experiences a close-call with death, and Holmes' affection is apparent in his expression. Feel free to skip it with that knowledge, and while I will be discussing past torture and violence, it was discussed in the canon, and remains in the past.
“You don’t - you can’t mean that. Can you?” A tremble danced in John’s voice, lining it with uncertainty and desperation. Sherlock, seemingly out of control, couldn’t reply. He’d never seen John that vulnerable. It was as if they’d both drifted from their bodies, becoming only beings of emotion, drifting both further apart and closer together with each passing second as more physicalities fell away, revealing bare synapses, breaths, and pulses.
John came late afternoon, with Mrs Hudson and they both stood a while talking. I withdrew a little, waiting until Mrs Hudson left and it was just me and John. I edged forward until I was stood in front of him, my headstone between us. I wish I could speak to him. I wish I could apologise, tell him how much I missed him. John looked thoughtful for a moment, trying to find his words.
Another hoarse cry, cracked and broken, tore through the flat, followed almost immediately by another, more laden with desperation than the first. John jerked upright in his bed, throwing the covers away from him. He hesitated for only a moment before swinging himself out of bed. He couldn’t do this. He
The months passed and life settled into a routine for both John and Sherlock. The adrenalin fuelled excitement of cases interspersed with calmer, more domestic moments of takeaway, television and laughter. And John had started working at the surgery, taking up shifts as they became available. His nightmares became less and less frequent. Sherlock found himself missing him. As their friendship had blossomed into an effortless companionship during the day, Sherlock had found it easier to give voice to his feelings during the nights, when the air was thick with sleep, shrouded in the pre-dawn light and the knowledge that John needed him. Sherlock started letting himself into John’s room even if he was already sleeping peacefully. He would climb onto the bed next to him, enjoying the warmth of John’s body next to his, and he would talk. It helped him settle his own mind and clarify his thoughts. Speaking to John in this way was easy. It was on one of these nights that Sherlock finally gave voice to his sentiments. The moon was full and the light that trickled through the curtains cast everything in an ethereal silver glow. The dawn chorus was beginning to stir, their beautiful notes strung together into a delicate melody. And Sherlock Holmes lay next to John Watson, his hand resting gently upon his shoulder. It was then, in this half moment, that the words tumbled free from Sherlock’s lips;
They still had so much that they needed to talk about but here and now, side by side and hand in hand time seemed to still, the promise of things to come hanging in the air around them.
“John, stop--stop” he paused, trying to capture his breath. “I want to kiss you.” His voice was even lower than normal, thickened with lust, desire weaving its way through the deep baritone. It stirred something in John as he clambered up the bed throwing his leg over Sherlock’s hip as he took his mouth. He pressed Sherlock’s lips apart and slipped his tongue in, rough and wet and possessive. He reached down taking himself in hand, stroking himself as his tongue danced against Sherlock’s, pleading and insistent. He pulled himself on top of Sherlock, straddling his thighs as he reached out blindly for Sherlock’s hand, pulling it down until Sherlock’s fingers were pressed against John’s cock. He stifled a moan as he pressed closer, feeling the familiar stirring in his stomach. Sherlock hummed and adjusted his position slightly, then he wrapped his fingers around both of their cocks, holding them together, trapped in his fist. John grunted, the feeling of Sherlock’s hard length against his own threatened to throw him over the edge right then and there. He opened his eyes, lids heavy. Sherlock was in a similar state of crisis, his jaw clenched, his brow knitted together, his eyes squeezed shut, a look of concentration hovering across his features. John watched as he took a few deep breaths, his nostrils flaring with the effort of holding on. Then he opened his eyes; silver irises, pupils blown so wide, feral and hungry. John shivered under the gaze of Sherlock’s lust, pinned down by it as he began to move his fist. John closed his eyes, letting his head fall forward into Sherlock’s shoulder, but Sherlock’s fingers knotted in his hair tugging him away until they were face to face once again. John saw the first signs of pleasure flit across Sherlock’s face, his lips pressing together, his eyes slipping closed for a moment before he captured John’s gaze again. His breath hitched in his throat, his fingers stuttering in their movement. He leant forward to press a soft kiss to John’s lips. The pressure increased against their cocks and Sherlock moaned against John’s mouth. It was that that finally tipped John over the edge. Sherlock’s voice swept through him, hollowing him out then filling him up again, white noise crashing through his head. He reached up to cup Sherlock’s face in his hands, fighting the urge to let his eyes close as he came undone. Sherlock didn’t last much longer, tensing and trembling as he split open, spiralling out of control, his eyes bearing into John’s as they clouded with pleasure. And they clung onto each other as they fell.
“Oh Sherlock, you--” he cleared his throat before continuing, his voice steadier this time. “You told me once that you weren’t a hero. You know, there were times where I didn’t even think you were human, but let me say this: You were the best man and the most human, human being that I have ever known and no-one will ever convince me that you told me a lie and so…” he looked away, after Mrs Hudson and for a moment I thought he was going to leave. Then he turned back to face me, placing his fingers on top of the headstone. I felt my heart clench, before I knew what I was doing I reached forward, grazing his fingers with my own. “I was so alone, and I owe you so much.” He sniffed.  “Okay.” He braces himself and turns to walk away, his fingers slipping out from underneath mine. Then he suddenly spins back around.
Sherlock’s touch was curious, attentive and exploratory as he slid his fingers down John’s shaft, taking his time, as if he was memorising every inch of him. John panted above his ministrations, fighting the urge to buck his hips up against him. Sherlock’s hand dipped lower, cupping his balls in his palm, before moving back to press against his perineum. Then his fingers tightened around John, giving a few firm tugs, letting his thumb run across the head, pressing at that sensitive spot right there as he reached the top. John moaned, head thrown back, eyes slammed shut. Sherlock’s grip tightened as his movements eased into a steady rhythm. All of a sudden Sherlock released him. John opened his eyes, confused at the loss of Sherlock’s warmth against him. A grumble rose in his throat and he captured Sherlock’s wrist. Sherlock wriggled himself free with an amused smile. His eyes glinted as he pulled the duvet back just enough to grasp the hem of John’s shirt. Understanding clicked in John’s hazy, arousal-muddled mind and he moved up allowing Sherlock to pull his shirt over his head. He reached down fumbling with his own trousers, drunk on the feeling of Sherlock’s hand and needing to feel it again. He ended up in a tangle, wrapped in sheets and clothing and Sherlock chuckled. The deep baritone of his voice rumbled against John’s skin. He pressed a kiss to John’s forehead as he slipped his hand back down. He offered a few more strokes before reaching for his own clothing.
“Ok then dear, I’ll be downstairs. Please call me, if you need anything. I just-- I don’t know what to say John. None of us saw this coming.” It didn’t fail my notice that she picked the sig. up from the desk as she left, casting one last worried glance at John before heading back downstairs. John hovered a moment longer before crouching down, intending to clean up the broken glass. I sat and watched, heart aching, my chest tight. John’s anger dissipated quickly, quelled by the tidal wave of his grief. He faltered, his movements slowing and then stopping altogether. “Oh god, oh god, oh god.” He started shaking. “What did I do? What I said to you Sherlock, I called you a heartless machine. I let you believe that I hated you. Oh god, is that why-- is this my-- oh god, this is my fault.”
“Shit, I’m sorry Sherlock. I didn’t mean to fall asleep. I should--”
“Watson.” Fields replied, weakly. His eyelids fluttering as he turned his head slightly drawing John into his line of sight. His chest rattling alarmingly
The change that had occurred between them in the last twelve hours was earth shattering. They had been stepping around each other’s broken pieces, keeping their distance, wary and on edge. They had been bound by their past, shackled by everything that had passed between them, so much pain, heartbreak, misunderstanding. They had shattered each other’s trust, betrayal pressing, splintered and bloodied, into their hearts. John was so sure that he had lost Sherlock, perhaps for ever, dedicated himself to a lifetime of trying to atone for the mistakes he had made, the hurt he had caused. But against all odds they had found their way back to each other again and John no longer felt afraid. Their past was still their past, that had not changed, but now John was certain that no matter what the world threw their way, no matter what demons got dredged up, they would survive it. Together they could stand strong against their demons and together, hand in hand they would drive them away and finally finally they could sleep in peace.
“You were always so much more than that John. I needed you.” I couldn’t help speaking out then; even knowing he couldn’t hear me. Did John really believe that? “You helped me see things, to understand things. No-one else could do that. You were instrumental to my work John and you were my--” I faltered as John began to speak again.
“I don’t know, when I got back from Bart’s I saw you there sat in your chair. I thought I’d gone mad. To be honest, I probably have.” He gave out a sharp laugh “but it’s been, comforting I suppose.” He shrugged. I swallowed, hard. I didn’t know what to say.
“It’s fine” John muttered, gripping the handle of the dustpan and brush he had fetched so tightly his knuckles turned white.
Lestrade pounced on him as soon as he reappeared, pulling him to the side “Never do that again! I mean thank god nothing went wrong but you couldn’t possibly have known that.” Lestrade looked over Sherlock’s shoulder to where John was standing “We should probably take him in, get a statement, make sure he’s ok.”
"Ssh, Sherlock. It's okay. It's all okay. I promise,” John hushed hurriedly trying to ignore how the sound had fractured his self-control and stirred a panic that threatened to spill over and consume him. The tension thrumming through Sherlock's body seemed to dissipate a little upon hearing John's voice, and John breathed a small sigh of relief. And so John kept talking to him, keeping his voice quiet and even and eventually Sherlock stilled and was drawn into a more peaceful sleep. John did not notice as Sherlock slowly unfurled, relaxing into the bed and into the deep timbres of John's voice and John did not notice how his own hand instinctively reached up and gently brushed Sherlock's sweat-blackened hair from his eyes.
“John, I’m not sure that’s a good idea. It’s not what he would have wanted--”
I followed John to therapy the next day. I needed to make sure that he was going be ok. My consciousness had been fraying over the last couple of days and I was finding it harder and harder to focus, my mind scattered and disorientated. I expected I didn’t have long left and I needed to make sure John was going to be alright.
********************
“We need to send someone in. We can figure out what to do with him afterwards but we need to get the other people out. If he’s a soldier like Sherlock said, maybe someone in uniform isn’t the best idea.” Lestrade looked thoughtful for a moment before turning to consult Sherlock, or rather the space Sherlock had been occupying. He looked around and his stomach sank as he saw Sherlock disappearing inside the café.
“Look after yourself, John. I mean it.”
“Sherlock--” Lestrade looked as if he was going to follow before his radio crackled to life at his shoulder “Dammit!” he swore at Sherlock’s retreating back “Yeah, I’m here. Go ahead, Dimmock.”
“You came to sit with me because I was having a nightmare.” Sherlock murmured softly, carefully, trying not to disturb the fragile moment that was unfolding around them. John nodded and Sherlock smiled up at him, so gentle and soft, the fear finally receding from his gaze. “John,” Sherlock said as he slowly, deliberately slid his fingers across John’s skin, hovering for a moment over his pulse, thrumming steadily, in his wrist before tangling his fingers in John’s, his watchful eyes assessing and deducing. John faltered for a moment, overwhelmed and disorientated, before his expression changed, as if he had made a decision, and he allowed his thumb a brief caress against Sherlock’s palm.
“Oh god,” said John suddenly “Oh, god, what have I done?” He looked down at the gun in his hand and paled. “I thought-- I was--” he fumbled for the right words “Did I hurt anybody? I didn’t know--” he sounded distraught. Sherlock smiled at him warmly, hoping that it was reassuring.
“Aah, yes. The medical textbook’s a bit of a giveaway, I guess. What do you study? No, let me guess.” John looked at the literature that had been set down on the edge of the table. “Something like criminology?”
“Problem?” Sherlock asked, leaning over from inside the taxi.
John rubbed his eyes blearily, pressing the heels of his hands against them, before slowly blinking his vision back into focus. He glanced around. The library had gradually quietened and emptied as the evening had drawn on. Shelves and shelves stacked high with knowledge loomed over the tables and chairs that stood neatly in the centre. The blueish light of a handful of computer screens glowed almost eerily, in parts of the room that had fallen into shadow, the motion sensor lights switching off one by one. Only a scattered handful of individuals remained, pouring greedily over coveted books. The occasional rustle of paper and the scratching of pens, interspersed with muffled music coming from someone’s head phones were the only noises to breach the near silence.
“No, please, there’s just one more thing, one more miracle Sherlock, for me. Just don’t be… dead.” His voice cracks and he can no longer hold back the tears. “Would you do…? Just for me, Sherlock, just stop it. Stop this.” He raises his hand to his face to catch the tears as they fall. I felt so helpless. What could I do now? It was too late. I had done it all wrong. I had screwed up and now it was too late. I had thought I was saving John, from Moriarty when really he needed saving from me. What had I done? Moments stretch into long minutes before John straightens up, slipping back behind the mask, forever the soldier. He nods decisively and then leaves. And once again, I am all alone.
The pounding inside John's head was baseline staticky and driving the beat terribly, and the speaking grated on his headache, on his nausea, on even his hair follicles. The sutures felt raw, the area behind his eyes was vibrating, and he wanted,
And yes, when you change a patient to a portable vent and put the other model on standby, it does involve a timer, counting upward. And yes, it may be a thing that there is a discreet competition for the best weekly time to beat.  (Usually for a CAT scan of the head though, other studies are usually much longer duration).
"I shouldn't be needing it."
"Do you want to go with me?"
"Really?" His gaze lifted toward John's patient eyes, waiting, knowing the pause would be worth it. "Are you sure? And you've arranged --?"
Although John's shift wasn't due to start just yet, he headed in early and made a stop at the hospital pharmacy department on his way. He handed over a list, his credit card, and said he'd be back later to pick the items up.
being exchanged.
"No, something else," Sherlock quipped, with some vague mystery about him as he reached for an item on the nightstand. He held up, after a moment, a small cylindrical container so John could read it.
They watch the kids at the ever-interesting rock wall, the perpetual crumbling and restacking, the dynamic project over the years, and even now, as adults, the old stone wall still draws them in.
Sherlock's hand was warm over John's forearm, a comfort, a reassurance.
"John can take me to the new room by himself."
In his home.
"And there's Rosie, isn't she due for a nap?"
"Then stop."
The flat was scary. Unsettling.
"I do," Molly assured him. "One for tomorrow and yes, also the day after."
"I didn't miss this at all." She stood up, grinning, and kicked lightly at John's abandoned shoe until it was half hidden under the couch. "I'm going to bed."
The mobile was still in his hand as, numbly, just barely processing, many minutes later when the mobile rang again. Same number. Not good.
"Do you need a medical hospital?"
"We'll see about that."
She twisted in the seat, wriggling and hindering his efforts. "No. No. No. No..."
They are not all physically present.
John spoke into the phone. "Electricity, no. Access?" John couldn't stop the chuckle albeit inappropriate. "Tree across the drive, actually." Although it wasn't light out, John went to the front door, listening to the much-calmer rain, less wind, and no further lightning or thunder. "Several
He heard someone say, 'now, go ahead,' and it became apparent why they wanted him specifically to come witness this.
doing here?" He stood imperiously, unmoving, a human barricade in his front door. "I distinctly remember not including ... it when we spoke."
And if you manage a RAOK, drop me a quick comment and let me know that I can also be encouraged along with you!
"I disagree. Once you start, it's very hard to break a habit."
"I'll go with you." John makes a face. "I'll come back with you too. Promise." John tilts his head, narrows an eye, knowing that to be a lie. "Well, maybe." He tries another tack. "Rosie needs me, I'll cheer her up."
They share a small smile, an acknowledgement of several things all at once:  Sherlock was miserable, at least some of the time. And Sherlock was worthy of their concern. Both of them would take Sherlock's demeanour as it was as opposed to ... well, not having Sherlock's demeanor at all.
Sherlock regarded him for a moment. He stood up and offered his hand to John, who took it carefully and pulled himself to standing, next to Sherlock.
I blinked my eyes open in that instance. The stream of information that suddenly assaulted me was overwhelming. The light seared across my vision, blinding. And the noise, there was so much noise. People shouting, screaming, a car horn, an alarm sounding somewhere! I blinked desperately, the scene around me slowly drawing into focus. I was stood, not lying down, on the pavement outside Bart’s hospital. There were people everywhere. I scanned the crowd quickly, making my deductions; three nurses, a doctor on a cigarette break, the women in the long coat, well she was a teacher, primary school obviously, a couple who were here to visit a sick relative, the flowers abandoned at their feet, all of them their eyes wide; pain, fear, sadness. I found myself drawing closer to the epicentre of their attention, a sickening feeling growing in my stomach. Another small step forward and then I could--
“Sherlock,” Sherlock said, his smile widening as he took John’s offered hand and shook it firmly. “Did I get it all right then? I’m not usually right about everything.”
“I only live ten minutes away, come back with me. It’ll be nice and quiet and my landlady makes the best cup of tea.” Sherlock froze. That’s not what he had meant to say at all. “I mean-- if-- you don’t have to. You probably just want to go home. Sorry--” Sherlock sputtered, feeling embarrassed. What was he thinking?
“John, I have discovered or created a number of hiding places around the flat, all of which are useful for different purposes in my line of work. I will show you those locations. I have an idea for a place to hide something I believe you may have on you that should stay out of sight for some time. I will also show you the single location where I have stored a small supply of a drug mixture for emergency use, and will allow you to dispose of that.” Of course, Sherlock would not show him all of the hiding places, but it did seem fair to remove all the drugs in the flat. He could always buy more. Time to eat some carbohydrates, hide a gun, clean up any remaining gunshot residue, flush some cocaine down the toilet, and allow for a few hours of sleep.
“I can tell you aren’t going to make this easy. Are there drugs in the flat?”
Sherlock didn’t sleep much that night, as was his habit. He didn’t play violin either, which he would have liked to do. He did lie on the couch drifting in and out of sleep, thinking of John’s confession — it was clear it was a confession — that he might actually prefer a relationship with a man to one with a woman. Sherlock thought of the other sexual encounter he had not shared yet, a man from university who was probably the closest thing to an actual sexual relationship he had in his life. Jacob was also a smart loner, and Sherlock had been drawn to him immediately. Unlike with David, Sherlock was interested, and for the first time ever had actually masturbated to the thought of another person. He did not think he was as prone to sexual thoughts, fantasies or erections as his peers seemed to be, but he was not completely without a libido. He had just not connected his libido with interest in another person until Jacob. He could recall the first time he had kissed Jacob. Sherlock had actually initiated that. They were returning to the student dormitories from an evening talk by a visiting professor who had been nominated for a Nobel Prize in chemistry when Sherlock had taken his hand to pull him close. Jacob’s breathing quickened, and Sherlock had actually asked — not wanting to repeat David’s mistake— if he could kiss him. Jacob just moved forward into his personal space and kissed him. For the first time, that felt good. He wanted that from Jacob. They returned to Sherlock’s room and sat on his bed. Sherlock remembered touching his hair, and then being pressed into the mattress by Jacob’s body, feeling a hardness on his hips, pushing against him. For the first time, his body reacted to another’s touch, somewhat out of his control. He wondered about the propensity to invoke a deity’s name because he couldn't talk; he could only breathe and move. Jacob’s thrusting seemed timed with the movements of his mouth on Sherlock’s neck, and Sherlock arched and came suddenly, unexpectedly. Jacob laughed, contentedly, then ground quickly against Sherlock’s hips and came as well. Sherlock quietly laid next to him, trying to figure out what to do as he became more aware of his stickiness. Neither of them seemed sure what to do afterwards.
“Lestrade” Sherlock hissed, keeping his voice low “I will come round tomorrow morning first thing and I will do anything you ask of me. But right now, can you let us go?”
“Oh God, yes, Sherlock please yes” John gasped, his head falling to rest in the crook of Sherlock’s neck. The smell of him; the fragrance of his rich soap, skin, arousal, it wrapped itself around him, engulfed him. Sherlock’s fingers slipped back under the waistband of his trousers. John’s breaths tore through the air, uneven and ragged, as Sherlock finally finally took him in hand.
Something had shifted. It felt off; the frantic shouting in Pashto and then the rumbling of engines, it felt wrong, strangely quiet, unsettling. Then the world was torn apart, the missile blast throwing John violently to the ground. He yelled out his pain at the impact. Rubble flying through the air as acrid black smoke curled upwards. He slowly blinked himself back to consciousness. His head was reeling and this time he was unable to force down the nausea, he rolled over heaving, his stomach emptying itself of its contents. The metallic tang of blood was thick and cloying, he could taste it in the air, staining his tongue as he breathed. He lay for a second; panting desperately into the dust, until his stomach settled and he stopped shaking. He could hear his name being called out, bitten off in gasps of pain. He pulled himself to his feet, reeling as the world spun around him. Again, his name was shouted out edged with desperation. John froze, suddenly feeling very heavy. Will! He staggered after the voice, answering the calls with his own, until he collapsed to the ground at his friend’s side. Oh god oh god! He looked him over, trying not to panic and failing, scrabbling for something to do that would fix him even as the doctor in him recognised the futility. His right leg has been a victim of the blast, leaving behind a bloodied maw of torn flesh. His chest and abdomen were riddled with bullets.
Lestrade stared at him “No, you’re not doing this again. I can’t keep making excuses for you!”
“Sherlock, I love you. I’m in love with you and I think I have been for quite a while. I’m sorry that I didn’t say it before, maybe things would have turned out differently, but there you go, now you know.” He smiled sadly, moving his hand into the space in between us.
I needed to ground myself, seeking out my heartbeat, the dull rhythmic throbbing, a reminder, a constant companion. Counting heartbeats-- silence. Their absence was entirely dissonant from my racing thoughts.
“No, that would be nice. I don’t have many friends and you-- you seem nice.” John smiled up at him. “I’m just sorry I had to meet you like this.”
do this! He pushed Sherlock’s door open, the feeling of the wood grain coarse under his fingertips, and peered into the darkness inside. Despite the sound coming from him, Sherlock lay absolutely still, his knees drawn to his chest and his arms locked protectively around his head. Sherlock had always favoured the façade of the sociopathic, the illusion of being emotionless, controlled, governed by logic alone, sewn tightly together forming a second skin, an armour that Sherlock stepped into and wore with ease, even more so since he had returned from death. But now, that mask had been pried loose, leaving Sherlock raw and bloodied and so very vulnerable.John did the only thing he could. Drawn forward by instinct, he carefully clambered onto the bed beside him, to sit with, to stand sentry. Sherlock tensed as the bed dipped beneath John’s weight. The whimper that escaped his lips was so laced with fear, John’s breath caught in his throat and his eyes pricked uncomfortably.
“I don’t know” John replied “This is crazy. I don’t even know you’re name. I don’t know why I trust you, I never trust anybody.”
No, don’t panic. I have to observe, make my deductions, before reaching a conclusion. So, observe… what can I feel? I felt cold all over, a pressure on one side of my head. Oh, I was lying down on something, on something hard. Okay, that’s… good. More sensations, more input, what else can I feel? I felt numb, the space around me deafeningly silent. What happened? Don’t panic,
“Obvious,” the other student gestured vaguely at the open book between them.
“How did you know that I was studying--”
“Wilson, thinks he might be having some sort of psychotic episode, he doesn’t seem to be aware of much going on around him. It fits with what the couple has told us as well.” Dimmock offered.
His gaze shifted down to Sherlock’s lips as his thumb gently brushed against them. They parted slightly under his touch and John could feel his breath, hot, against his skin. He looked up to meet Sherlock’s eye, checking for his consent. Sherlock nodded minutely, his tongue darting out to wet his lips. Then before John had chance to move, Sherlock’s hands were around him, one resting in the small of his back, the other at his shoulder, and he pulled John to him, closing those last few inches and chasing away the last tattered remains of doubt. Another breath and their lips were pressed together. John’s eyes fluttered closed surrendering himself to the tide of emotion and sensation that poured over him, drowning in it. They stayed there like that, perfectly still, overwhelmed. John could feel the soft curve of Sherlock’s mouth against his own, the slight rasp of morning stubble, his fingers against his body. And then his instincts took over. One hand wound its way into Sherlock’s dark curls, the other against his jaw. He tilted his head slightly allowing their lips to slide together and John felt Sherlock sigh in his arms as he parted his lips slightly and breathed John in.
“It would be good to get it out into the open, John. It’ll let you move on from this, allow you to grieve.” She smiled again
“Good day, Lestrade.” Sherlock said as he began to stalk away.
John rolled over, to face me and then he spoke, his voice quiet and hesitant.
Thank you for your patience and I hope you enjoy!! :D
“Sherlock!” Lestrade was glaring at him in exasperation. “Are you even listening to me? This isn’t up for negotiation.”
John came back to himself. Sherlock’s arm had snaked around his waist, holding him close. John felt the gentle smile on Sherlock’s lips as he pressed a kiss to John’s head. John felt warmth suffusing through him and he leant down to kiss Sherlock properly, capturing his bottom lip between his teeth and sucking gently. Was it possible to convey the absolute depths of what he was feeling with a simple press of lips and slide of skin? John didn’t know but he was willing to try.
John’s shoulders visibly slumped “No. I-- I haven’t got myself sorted yet. There isn’t really anybody. I’ll be fine-- I guess”
(See the end of the chapter for
“It’s okay. Do you know where you are?” Sherlock murmured softly, taking a small step forward.
“Did I really mean that little to you Sherlock?” his voice broke with grief but his eyes remained hardened by anger. A lump formed in my throat, his words cutting into me like a blade. I had considered anger and hatred as perfectly plausible outcomes, but the reality stung, the truth pounding into me relentlessly over and over again. “Sherlock, how could you do that to me? To Me! How could you be so selfish?”
Sherlock smiled widely. “Come on then, let’s go.”
“That actually works?” John sounded incredulous.
(apologies for any errors or typos!)
Note: the fic is complete minus this additional chapter, which is responsible for the change in the rating. If you want the story to remain strictly SFW then you are more than welcome to give this epilogue a miss!
He couldn’t see anything. He needed to move, needed a better vantage point. How many men were they against? John didn’t know, but it was clear that they were outnumbered. This wasn’t a random attack, this had been planned, he realised. John took his chance when it came, sprinting across the open ground, gun gripped tight in white fingers, feet slamming into the dirt.  Time seemed to disintegrate in the chaos. Fragments of eerie calm were punctuated by the sharp crack of gunfire and the shouts and screams of men, wrenched from reluctant throats, crashed and collided mid-air. John’s gun vibrated in his hands. Another explosion sounded its victory, and another and another. He glanced behind him. The hospital was now on fire, the flames devouring and hungry. John froze; his stomach lurched sickeningly, threatening to revolt, but only for a moment before being replaced by a white hot, searing anger. That was when it happened. He stumbled back as pressure exploded across his chest and shoulder. His hand flew up instinctively and he startled at the wetness he found there, staring stupidly at the redness on his fingertips. Then his vision whited out as pain ignited within him, every nerve straining and screaming against the intrusion. He shouted out, pressing his hand to the wound as it burned, radiating out. He blinked quickly, swallowing down the nausea, scrabbling to re-establish the mask of calm that the bullet had knocked loose. Breathe! He had to breathe. And keep going. He needed to keep going, keep fighting.
“It’s Captain John Watson, of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers” his tone sure and steady for the first time. And then he faltered again. “Where are we? What’s happening?”
“Mrs Hudson, please” John begged, tears threatening. He swallowed, hard.
“John, please-- I don’t want to die. Please-- please don’t leave me” his voice cracked and broke and a tear escaped and ran down his cheek. John finally looked to the man’s face and when he did, he could feel himself cracking and breaking into pieces.
“Sir?” Dimmock looked alarmed “Should we go in after him?”
“Please don’t leave.”
“It’s not psychosis. He’s got post-traumatic stress disorder.” Sherlock interrupted. “Look, at the way he holds himself while he’s waiting in the queue.” Sherlock pushes past Dimmock, rewinding the video “his stance is that of a soldier. And look there, he has a cane and a limp on his right side. He was injured then, but the way he stands there, the way he holds himself, it’s like he’s forgotten about it, so maybe it’s psychosomatic. The real injury, I suspect, is in his shoulder, if you look at how stiffly he moves. Psychosomatic limp? The circumstances of the injury had to have been traumatic and look here --” he flicks the video forward a few frames “just before he reacts, the women here drops a tray of glasses. The shattering must have been what triggered him.” Both Dimmock and Lestrade looked impressed.
“John, I--” I stopped to clear my throat, struggling to get the words out. I realised I was crying, the tears running completely unbidden down my face. “I had to. Moriarty, he was going to kill you, he had a sniper on you. I needed to, John. There was no other way. I had to protect you.” My word were coming out as staccato now, punctuated by heaving breaths and almost sobs. “Please don’t hate me John. Please, I was doing it for you. I was doing it to save you. I couldn’t bear it if I got you killed, I would never have forgiven myself. John, you deserve so much more than this.” I paused, lowering my gaze. I couldn’t bear to look at him. “You deserve so much more than me, John”.
“It’s okay. You don’t need to talk about it. How are you feeling now?”
“I observed it.” he leant forward and grasped John’s wrist, “the watch, the strap has been engraved; ‘Harry, all my love, Clara’. It’s an expensive watch, so it must have been serious between them. It’s fairly new; he wouldn’t just give it away unless something had happened. If she had broken up with him he would have kept the watch, people do, sentiment, so he broke up with her. As for you two not getting on, the strap is scuffed, and the edges of the watch are scratched. I would say you are just a careless sort of person, but the rest of your things are immaculate. Your neglect of the watch is a subtle indication of the relationship you have with the person who gifted it to you.” He paused for breath. “As for knowing that you doubt your decision to go into medicine, you have been sat there for the last hour, staring into space and you frown when you look down at your book. For the record, I think you’d probably make an excellent doctor.” He smiled softly before dropping John’s wrist and resuming his position, his fingers against his lips.
“Sure,” he said, the smile dancing playfully across his lips, I'll let you buy me a drink, but only if you pass this exam.”
“I think so. One minute I was waiting for my coffee, the next I was back… there.”
Oh my God.
“I didn’t. I’ve always remembered things like this. It was instinctive. Actually, it was years before I realised that other people’s minds didn’t work the same way as mine.” Suddenly, a phone beeped loudly. Sherlock frowned, wriggling his phone out of his trouser pocket. He stared at it for a moment, before leaping up. “I’m afraid I have to go. It was nice meeting you John.”
“Afghanistan or Iraq?” he said, his voice seeming way too loud. The man startled suddenly, his head whipping up, catching Sherlock in a piercing gaze. His grip on the gun had tightened also imperceptibly as he drew it to his hip, but he didn’t raise it.
“It’s okay. I’m here. I’ll stay here with you. Of course I will, you’re my best mate.” John reached down and took the man’s hand in his own, offering what comfort he could, speaking softly until he felt the man go limp and silent below him, his body emptying his soul to the heavens.
(Please forgive any mistakes, I did proof-read it quickly but I was desperate to submit it. I might have missed some...)
I felt cold, so cold. My skin prickling as the hairs stood up on end. I felt odd, disconnected. Where was I? What was happening? I swallowed down the panic. Okay, breathe. Had I overdosed, again? My limbs felt heavy, like lead. I couldn’t move.
And with that the memories came flooding back; standing on the roof, the wind tugging at my coat, on the phone to John, needing him to listen to me, the sound of the phone hitting the asphalt and then I’d jumped, hearing my name wrenched from John’s throat as the ground rushed up to meet me. Oh my God, Oh my God! John, where was John? I tore my eyes away from the bloodied body for a moment, my eyes flicking across seeking out John’s familiar face. And there he was, rushing forward, frantic. He pushed himself through the crowd, trying to get closer to me, desperate.
Those first few months after Sherlock had been taken from him were unbearably painful. His entire life had crashed around him, leaving him howling alone in the rubble. Living with Sherlock Holmes was brilliant, incandescent, dangerous but life without him... it was unbearable, grey and so completely empty. More than once he had found his fingers wrapped tight around the sig. feeling the cool of the metal and its heft in his hands. But it had always been too heavy to lift to his temple and the trigger had always been too stiff to squeeze. John did not want to be in that world again. He loved Sherlock fiercely and he didn't know what that meant, but John couldn't live without him. Sherlock’s absence those two years had made that perfectly clear. He would not survive it again. He didn't yet know how but John was going to fix what had broken between them.
******************************
“No.” Sherlock said softly.
It was then that Sherlock blinked awake, as if the weight of John’s gaze had roused him. He looked down at his empty hand where it lay between them on the bed and then he glanced back up to John. A flicker of disquiet, of uncertainty alighted along the sharp cut of his cheekbones and nestled itself stiffly against the set of his jaw. His gaze clouded as he began to pull away. John’s smile fell as his heart leapt into his throat and he reached out capturing Sherlock’s wrist.
“I heard-- you were having nightmares. It sounded horrible, Sherlock. I wanted to make sure you were alright. I’m-- I-- I should go--“
Ella was sat in her chair, legs crossed, smiling sympathetically. John was opposite, purposefully avoiding her gaze. They had spent most of the session in silence. Ella cleared her throat trying to catch John’s gaze.
“Ah, you should create a mind-palace.” Sherlock said. “It’s a memory technique,” he explained as he saw John’s confusion written across his face. “It’s actually quite simple, once you get the hang of. You create a room, or a house, in your mind. You can use somewhere familiar to you if you wish, or you can create your own. Once you have done that, you can encode the information you want to remember, by associating it with an image or something like that and then put it in the room. That way, every time you walk through the room in your mind, you’ll be able to recall the information you stored there.”
“You’re so beautiful.” He murmured almost to himself and then captured Sherlock’s gaze, burning and insistent. “I love you, Sherlock. I want to do right by you” Sherlock reached up, resting his palm against John’s cheek.
“You got all that from three minutes of video?” Lestrade asked. Sherlock didn’t answer. He was still looking at the CCTV footage.
“How did you know that?” John gaped up at him.
“You’re in your first year of medical school. You’re actually wondering if you made the right choice, it’s harder than you thought it would be. You also have an older brother, who’s recently split up with his long-term girlfriend and you don’t get on with him for some reason, I can’t tell you why though.” He frowned, his brow knitting together. “I hate not being able to see everything.” He brightened as he returned his gaze to John’s.
John stared after him for a moment, reflecting back on what had just happened and then he smiled to himself before turning back to his book with a renewed sense of determination.
Sherlock offered a small smile before turning back to John. They walked in silence until they turned onto a busy street where Sherlock managed to flag down a cab in record time. He opened the door and swung himself inside, gesturing for John to follow. John hesitated for a moment.
“I’m not armed” Sherlock reassured “you can check if you want” the man stared at him for a moment before nodding, a single sharp jerk of his head. Sherlock stayed still as the man unfurled in front of him, shuffling forward until he was level with Sherlock and then patted him down roughly, moving his coat out of the way as he ran his hands over him, feeling for a concealed weapon. Satisfied, he sat back down on his heels. He didn’t look any more at ease though.
“Yeah” John muttered almost inaudibly.
“Oh.” John looked again at the pile of books. “That is a lot of extra reading,” he remarked. “How do you find time for all of that, on top of your degree? I can barely find the time to eat and sleep, let alone anything extracurricular!”
“What else do you know about me, then,” John blurted out, before he could stop himself. He was intrigued. And, he admitted, his interest had been well and truly sparked by this mysterious stranger. The man began speaking almost immediately;
Sherlock hovered in the doorway, his fingers twitching nervously against the handle, the cool of the metal anchoring him to the spot. This felt like an invasion of privacy. John Watson was an exceptionally proud man. He ruled himself with a rigid, unwavering control during the day, rivalling even Sherlock’s forceful detachment from emotional experience. But now, at night, while sleep held him tight in its unrelenting grasp, he was at the complete mercy of demons that tore at him and ravaged him in his dreams. Sherlock edged forward, his heart pounding against his rib cage and his bare feet sliding rough over the carpet. John looked so small. The bed clothes twisted around him as he writhed about beneath them, the duvet clenched tightly between his fingers. His skin was slick with sweat and his cheeks were dampened by tears. He moaned out his anguish once again, his eyes squeezed shut, jaw clenched and Sherlock swallowed thickly as he stepped into the room.
“S’alright, I’ve got you.” He took him in, more confidently this time, appreciating the weight of Sherlock on his tongue. He tightened his grip, a little thrill racing down his spine with each aborted thrust that slipped through Sherlock’s self-control. It was if John had found a loose thread and by giving it just a little tug Sherlock was unravelling so completely in John’s arms. He was so exquisitely responsive. A fine sheen of swear lay across his skin, his thighs tensed and trembling with the effort of keeping still. His head was thrown back against the pillows, his eyes squeezed shut. And the noises he made; the low purring rumble, breathless panting, and oh those moans. They shot straight to his cock. John rocked his own hips against the bed as he released Sherlock, sliding down to kiss at his thighs, sucking and licking, tasting Sherlock, breathing him in. Sherlock gasped beneath him as he set his teeth gently against the delicate skin there.
The atmosphere inside the café was quiet but fraught with nervous energy that seemed to roil off of every surface and there was broken glass that crunched underfoot as Sherlock stepped carefully inside. His focus was entirely drawn by the man who was cowering against the barister counter, his knees drawn up tight to his chest, his face pressed against them. His hands were clasped behind his head, gripping the gun tightly. His short dusky blond hair stuck up around his fingers. Sherlock could see that he was shaking. He was breathing heavily, his breaths harsh in the forced silence around them. He could see the tan lines about the man’s wrists, visible just above the cuff of his shirt. So, not home long then, hasn’t yet had a chance to adapt. He looked incredibly fragile, as if at any moment he could shatter, his pieces joining the shards of glass littering the floor. Sherlock himself was uncomfortably intimate with the feelings of desperation, of guilt, despair that were shrouding the man in front of him. It stirred feelings of tenderness, a wave of empathy closing over him taking him by surprise. A noise towards the back of the room broke his focus and his head snapped up, taking in the number of people hiding behind tables at the back of the room. He brought a finger to his lips, motioning them to stay silent before returning his gaze to the man in front of him.
“Are you ok?” the stranger asked, his voice a low rumble.
“Er Afghanistan-- um-- who are-- what’s happening?” he stuttered, glancing around himself quickly before returning his iron gaze back to Sherlock.
“And what if I don’t want to move on? He was the best thing to ever happen to me. Without him, well I’m nothing” he swiped angrily at the tears, soaking the sleeve of his jumper.
“Do you mind if I join you?” a deep voice intruded. John jumped, snapping his head back up and watched as a tall, gangly looking student deposited a tower of books on the table, pulled out the chair opposite John and flopped down into it, without waiting for a response. John didn’t know what to say. He was pretty sure he hadn’t seen this him before. He would have remembered him, he was beautiful. The light caught on his pale skin and sharp cheekbones, his dark hair in messy curls, springing up, unruly, from his head.
“How?” I asked, completely astonished.
“Okay” I nodded “but please, do everything you can to live a long life. I want you to be happy John and I am so sorry that that couldn’t be with me” I looked away momentarily, composing myself, “but yes, John, I’ll wait for you.” I closed my eyes and just for a moment I felt John’s fingers tighten around mine.
“Thank you.” John muttered, finally looking up, offering a weak smile, that didn’t reach his eyes.
“Sister! There’s always something.” Sherlock muttered, before smiling back at John. “I’m glad, I didn’t scare you off. There’s something interesting about you.” He looked down at the text book. “Which bits are you finding difficult? I might be able to help?"
A few moments later Sherlock heard Lestrade’s footsteps slamming into the pavement behind him as he ran to catch him up. “Sherlock wait.” His voice came from a few feet away, slightly breathless. “Something else has come up. Dimmock wasn’t especially forthcoming over the radio but some sort of armed hostage situation. They haven’t been able to engage the perpetrator at all. Your insight, you know, your deductions, they could be helpful.”
“Sorry, sorry” Sherlock breathed, turning his head to look at John as he shuffled up and pinned Sherlock to the bed, resting his forearm firmly across his abdomen.
“How can you possibly know all of that?” John uttered in complete astonishment.
“I-- er-- yeah. I’m just tired,” John sputtered out. “Do I know you? You’re not on my course are you?”
“No!” he shouted, levelling his weapon at Sherlock “Don’t come any closer! I will shoot you” his voice broke on the last word. Sherlock put his hands up and shuffled back a little. He thought for a moment before slowly and deliberately lowering himself down to his knees, his Belstaff spilling onto the ground around him.
“Nearly,” John smiled. “Harry’s actually my sister.”
“I better get busy then!” John laughed.
John awoke first, wrapped up warm in the bed, in Sherlock and in the comforting weight their new revelations had carefully laid over them. They had drifted closer together in their sleep, but there hands had fallen apart, not yet sure of the rules to this new game. The distance stretched out between them like an unspoken question. Their breath mingled in the space between them; John lying atop the covers still and Sherlock snuggled underneath- one arm flung towards John, reaching out towards him. John blinked away the last remnants of sleep and a soft smile pulled at his lips as he took Sherlock in; sleep mussed, bundled in down and soft cotton.
I heard the door to my bedroom creak open and John’s footsteps on the carpet. I open my eyes, blinking in the darkness until I could see him framed in the doorway. He hovered a moment uncertain before moving into the room. He sat down on the edge of my bed and emptied out his pockets, piling losing change, a couple of receipts and his phone onto the bedside table. His fingers paused over the lamp for a second but then he seemed to think better of it and instead just lay down in the darkness. I could see his chest rising and falling and I could feel his heartbeat through the mattress. I wanted to reach out and touch him so badly. And I wanted to wake up from this nightmare.
John holds him supine. "It's a big deal, staying sill. I'm sorry. But moving jeopardises the effectiveness."
"Yes."
Who decried all medical advice, knowledge, and recommendations about healing. And health in general.
In answer, Sherlock's eyebrow arched up, a twinkle, an agreement, a twitch of a smirk.
"They're idiots. The entire office. And I can't believe that this was the best you could do for me. It's ... insulting. Degrading." For a few moments, Mycroft considered keeping his expression completely neutral and then embraced the opportunity to rile his brother up just a little bit. He let the amusement show in the smirk and the light in his eyes. Sherlock immediately snarled. "As you've intended. You're a ...
John's grin is genuine. "Congrats, mate. Sherlock would've had a field day with that."
"Never a doubt, I had it all under control."
John pressed his arms away enough that he could see Sam's face, looking intently into his bright, still somewhat tearful eyes. And very slowly, although he was still shaky, Sam nodded.
And the little improvements continued over the course of the shift, subtle changes in pressures, in oxygen levels, in activity tolerance. Less fever, more haemoglobin. More urine output, less third space oedema.
"Ask him to cough."
And I say, it’s all right …”
"So?" Sherlock had actually been cooperative, another alarm bell had begun ringing at the back of John's head. "Irregular. What's that mean?"
Complete.
Mycroft and his driver met eyes in the rear-view mirror, in silent mutual respect, and the car slid easily into gear and they were off.
John heard the subtext, that Mycroft was actually admitting that he was afraid. "No, it's no problem, long as you already cleared it with your doctor."
"That's all?"
John considers where he is now laying:  Sherlock's bed. He has already discussed with Lydia that he would like her to stay for one more night after Sherlock comes home, just until they are completely settled, to attend to Rosie, in case the first night home is bad.
Be safe. Know - and revel in the fact - that you are loved.
"I wish I could undo it."
had his routine too. It involved token resistance, verbal always and sometimes bordering on physical, at which point the statement was made about keeping blood flowing, to which her papa would usually growl something threatening about keeping blood flowing while he grinned and gestured with a teasing fist.
He turned from the computer, where he'd been entering orders there in the Covid ICU. "Yes?" Ashley, one of the nurses, had addressed him, and there was a hopeful tone to her voice.
John glanced up from the book he was reading as the faint waft of smoke shifted in his direction, the wood in the mossy stone firepit not
"Are you upset?" John asked the question softly, and Sameer shook his head again, just a little. "You can say anything you want to me, you know. Or I can go get the computer, if we need." They hadn't used the translator application in a long time, but John didn't want to miss the opportunity if it was needed. Not about something this important.
"I'm glad you're better."
"With good reason!"
"No."
"I am no'." Sherlock's voice was, given the circumstance, rather nasal and a little higher pitched than usual. And a blatant lie.
A few others waited. An older woman anxiously twisting her skirt, her handkerchief, and her rings. A young couple awaiting word on one of their parents. A few others.
John is holding one hand, Dawn is on the other side of the bed, and they watch. Dawn lowers the rate of the IV sedation again. They are nearly there.
"No."
"That'll be ..." and John's words sound thick so he doesn't finish the sentence. Lydia nods, a knowing smile about her. "I should call for a ride, I guess."
"Oh yeah, of course. Which is why he has such PTSD from your previous hospitalisa--"
"Okay." The word was quiet and breathy, and Sherlock closed his eyes, leaned his head back against the seat, and hoped for the best.
"I really don't."
"Sam's grandmother, yes, I figured." For a brief moment, John worried that Sherlock was going to be caustic in his greeting, but he held out a hand to shake with the others.
"... and I'm not sure about ..." Sherlock touched at his own lip, his eyes flicking toward John's mouth, the spot where his hand rested on the table.
Getting rid of that groin line, the medication that had been infusing directly into Sherlock's lungs, always a feeling of progress.
The brothers met eyes, Sherlock considering Mycroft's posture, his face, and then the bundle.
Sharply, he cuts his gaze to Sherlock, alarmed. "Right. With all sorts of trouble to get into." He doesn't need to elaborate on what kind of trouble - boys, alcohol, or worse - and sighs not for the first time today. "Maybe I should --"
Dawn meets his eyes, her expression quite bemused, and she makes the statement with air quotes, "If you don't know, get away from me now." She passes the suction catheter through his mouth again, adds, "Little slurred, but something like that."
or something ridiculous?" John placed a warm hand over Sherlock's bristly arm to calm him down after the word 'fiddle' was spoken. Mycroft snickered and continued, "What does that have to do with me?"
They would have continued the discussion except that one of the nurses came out then. "Oh, he's not here then?"
The knowledge, the longing, the separation, the division is visceral, diffuse, overwhelming pain ...
"No."
A few days later, John awoke to an empty flat, Rosie still asleep, Sherlock out doing who-knew-what, a scribbled note that he'd be back later. He reveled in the stillness, the tranquility of the flat, the serenity of a few moments with a cup of tea before Rosie would get up or Sherlock returned. Next to his spot at the table, he found the newspaper folded open to the editorial page, a letter circled and waiting for him to read. The entire spread was a special section, completely filled up with thank you notes to people or businesses, expressing appreciation and attempting to highlight the positives, the hope, the good life lessons.
"Oh?"
"Yes. When you eliminate the impossible ... " Sherlock breathes, hesitating a few inches away, broadcasting his intentions while awaiting permission. John nods.
It is Molly. His chin lifts a bit. "Of course."
The cards had been read, liberally editorialised, and Sherlock's best man speech has been ... surprising. Cataclysmic. Shocked, John is on his feet before he is even aware, his arms hugging Sherlock, unsuspecting and stunned. John knows that he isn't aware of the breadth of the disclosure, the hidden message, the subtext in the declaration - "the two people who love you most" - and John's assurance in his ear that he's done everything right, is not nearly enough. He holds him, drawing Sherlock close again to feel the vibrance, the living legend, and lets his eyes close. He stands, barely on his toes, his chin rests over Sherlock's shoulder. If he were to peek, the view would be neck. Interminable neck, ear, shoulder. Lush curls. He imagines for just a moment that this is - was, could have been, should have been - their day. It is no use, the day is done, the decision made, the vows spoken. But if wishes were horses ...
Another answered, "Yeah, baby! Go home!"
In a very short time, the table was wiped, the worktop restored to order, and the final dish was rinsed off.
"You know I tune out most everything you say."
Sameer continued to stand there, not answering. The other guard chuckled from behind the desk. "You've lost your touch, mate."
The trickling blood was dark and thick, for which John was ... somewhat glad. Venous as opposed to arterial, which would have been brighter, redder, and possibly still pulsating. Sherlock made a thick, guttural sound in his throat followed by a few retching motions. With another grab at the box of tissues, John held them toward Sherlock's mouth. "Yeah, you probably don't want to swallow that."
"An ashtray." John couldn't stop the small giggle, and he shook his head. "There isn't one." They exchanged smiles then enjoyed a few minutes of silence. After a bit, they could hear Sameer’s muffled voice and laughter coming from inside the office. It was a very satisfying sound.
"I am not known for nice. John knows that, and so should you, after all this time."
Sameer's expression turned even more solemn. "Are you going out today?" he asked of John.
Although it felt like a dismissal, John listened for subtext, heard nothing except Sherlock whispering his name in protest. "I'm fine, ta."
It goes unread.
"You could solve the case while John and I go for pints."
A/N:  I am reminding myself why chapter works and self-imposed posting schedules are rough. And when RL steps in, at times unattainable.
Sherlock is indignant. "Maybe." He is looking for a rise and John is not about to give it to him. "Not worth it."
But good things, many good associations too, and John looked on, studying what he now held within his much-different hands.
"It's no trouble. Was thinking perhaps, once Mr. Holmes is better and in a different room out of the ICU, a visit now and again might work. Be something of a distraction. In between naps and such."
"What is it?" Slowly, he slid out a foot in search of Sherlock's. "You feeling okay?" Faintly he heard an affirmative grunt. "I've misunderstood and I'm sorry. But if you explain ..."
"Who did? One of your classmates?"
"Well, as I told you last time, I only complicate matters and ..." he mumbled a few more things then, about being worthless and a hassle for everyone.
