The noises from the hallway were growing dangerously close.
His eyes landed on the two chairs. For old times sake—
John slides into bed and mumbles “stay on your own side,” and he rolls over to face the wall before his traitorous arms and legs and other bits can ignore his mind and give into the temptation of
They stayed locked in their glorious embrace for awhile, John secretly relishing in the soft puffs of Sherlock’s breath whispering across his neck. Neither man dared move a muscle for fear of ruining the moment. And it would be a damn shame to even consider the possibility of ruining this moment.
“Yes, of course I know your wedding is tomorrow, that’s what this is about,” Sherlock said.
went directly southwards in a rush of heat. There was a gasp from somewhere near the doorway, but neither man took much notice.
Sherlock nodded, the motion nearly imperceptible in the darkness of John’s bedroom. In a move emboldened by the unassailable cover the darkness provided, John reached out and found Sherlock’s hand under the covers, lacing their fingers together.
After a series of utterly uncountable minutes passed by, John’s head gained some modicum of control back from the vicinity of his heart—and certain other places—that were currently making decisions for him, however unwise they may have been. He pulled back ever so slightly in order to speak properly.
He clenches the sheets into a fist in his free hand, trying to ground himself as much as possible. He tentatively opens his eyes to find Sherlock’s wide blue eyes only a mere few centimeters from his own. It is then that he realizes he isn’t being smothered, he’s being
The line went dead.
Sherlock slipped his hand into John’s in acquiesce and the doctor pulled him up off the ground. Sherlock allowed himself to be led up the stairs to two twenty-one B—which had suddenly appeared, slicing through the brilliant light—resolutely following behind John.
******
Sherlock is immediately sitting up and ready to fulfill John’s request, whatever it may be.
That’s what he’d told Mrs. Hudson at the cemetery. Yet here he was, at nearly three in the morning creeping up the stairs. He knew exactly which boards creaked in which spots, so he didn’t have to worry about waking Mrs. Hudson up—he wasn’t exactly prepared to explain why he was coming back. But he couldn’t stay away, not really. The mere thought itself was absurd.
“Right– Sherlock?” John leaned forwards in his chair, ducking his head and trying to establish eye contact with the detective. “What are you doing? Counting all the dust particles on the floor?” God knows he could if he felt so inclined, with that incredibly glorious mind of his.
“Good.”
arms that have pulled Sherlock this close. So impossibly, achingly
“Good.”
John ignored the retort. “What kind of experiment are you doing that involves– this,” he gestured between the two of them.
John rolls his eyes. “No, you bloody git. I want you to kiss me again.”
“Nothing over here,” he told Sherlock as he moved onto the next cart.
“Amazing,” John breathed, the praise slipping from his lips before he had any chance of stopping it.
As John is wheeled out of the house on a gurney—only slightly cognizant—Sherlock will run over to his side and clutch at his hand. This is where he will stay for the better part of the next three weeks. Lestrade is happy that he’d asked four separate officers to keep Sherlock away from the house until the suspect had been apprehended—judging by the way Sherlock is currently glaring at Clyde, he surely would’ve killed him if he’d been given the chance.
he pushed all emotion down, locked it securely in the depths of his mind, and threw away the key. Yet Sherlock
“Victim died from poisoning. Snake venom. I believe Lestrade will find the boyfriend has a snake. He thought she was cheating on him, he killed her out of jealousy.” Sherlock paused, eyes locking intently onto John’s. “Love is a strange thing, John,” he said softly.
“You’re here,” Sherlock said in confusion.
“Sherlock?” John asked hesitantly. “Are you alright?”
“Well,” Sherlock cleared his throat. “Better call Lestrade and tell him who to arrest.”
going to carry him into the flat bridal-style.
Sherlock pinched John’s nose and leaned down. Sherlock hated it. He hated every moment. He hated the first time his lips touched John’s. He could almost taste the blood, the fear, the pain on John’s lips as he exhaled, filling his lungs with air.
John hesitated for a moment before sliding off the couch. “I’m going to bed. Goodnight.”
Under any other circumstances, he would’ve thought they were rather beautiful.
Sherlock was only vaguely aware he was yelling. Mycroft laid a hand on his arm and Lestrade stepped forwards, his hand coming to rest on Sherlock’s shoulder.
And then Sherlock is gone, his leg removed from John’s waist. His head gone from the doctor’s chest. And the man himself is sliding out from under the covers and
without further question. When most people would call him
you sleep.”
Sherlock ignored him.
John’s heart is pounding. Blood pumping through his veins. Adrenaline thrumming through his body. He is in pure
When he glanced up, he caught Sherlock staring intently at him, a slight furrow in his brow.
Sherlock shrugged. “I know you, John,” he said simply, and boy, he really had
“What?” John asks.
The wind howled like a wild animal outside the window of their flat, still picking up speed, no doubt turning into something far more ferocious as the storm rolled in.
Sherlock raised an inquisitive, perfectly groomed eyebrow.
After far too long, they finally managed to catch their breath, breathing heavily and trying far too hard not to break into a brand new fit of laughter. John wiped the tears from his eyes and looked up to find the corners of Sherlock’s eyes were still delightfully crinkled, his lips curled up into one of his rare, genuine smiles—one that seemed to be reserved for John and John alone—and–
through the damned rearview mirror. John immediately ripped his fingers from Sherlock’s oh-so-soft curls and tried to shimmy away from him as much as possible without allowing him to fall over—which wasn’t very far, seeing as the back seat of the taxi was quite small.
“Well, I’m going to head to bed,” John announced.
“Very not good. They can’t see me,” Sherlock said, unsuccessfully ducking behind the suitcases.
John collected the plastic bag labeled
“Oh.”
“No with the chair. Yes, with me,” Sherlock quipped.
and how easy would it be to just sidle up to him and– John’s eyes trail hungrily down Sherlock’s lean frame. It seems Sherlock is wearing absolutely nothing under his deep blue dressing gown, judging from the way it’s riding indecently high on his thighs and dropping open to create a vee at the neck, both places revealing planes of soft, pale skin just waiting to be touched, mapped, kissed, sucked,
“Good night Sherlock,” John whispered in between the deafening cracks of thunder.
“Hngh.
“I know many things, John.”
“It was– Oh God. It was fake. I faked it. I had to– Please forgive me. You were– Danger– I– No choice–
“Thank you,” John said, genuinely touched by the small gesture of kindness Sherlock had just displayed. It was rare, to see this side of Sherlock. John had decided some time ago that he quite liked this side of Sherlock. He downed the last of his tea and placed his mug on the floor before sinking deeper into his chair, closing his eyes—he was awfully tired from having to stay awake all night.
“Ah. Right. Good then.” John’s brow furrowed slightly. “Then what did you want me for?”
“Let me see,” John said.
“Come on,” Sherlock said, standing up and holding out a hand.
He wraps it around
Sherlock’s eyes were drooping shut and he was in incredible danger of drifting off into a state of drugged unconsciousness.
“Okay, now you’re concerning me. Let’s go. Home. Now,” John demanded.
Sherlock crept up the stairs, studiously avoiding the left side of the second step, middle of the sixth, right of the eighth, and the tenth step entirely—the less noise he made the better. He was surprised to find the door of two-twenty one b open a jar—Mrs. Hudson must have got distracted and forgotten to close it; she was rather scatterbrained at times. As he’d deduced—more like overheard at the cemetery—she’d continued to clean and dust the flat, yet hadn’t moved any of his things.
“I’ll sleep on the couch.”
The chair dipped and settled as a warm weight descended upon it. John opened his eyes in shock to see Sherlock clambering over the arm of the chair. Before John was able to form a coherent thought, he found he had a lapful of Sherlock, which wasn’t entirely unpleasant.
“I’m John,” he said, reaching out to place a hand on his pale wrist—whether it was meant to check his pulse or be a comforting gesture, he wasn’t sure.
Sherlock spun to Lestrade. The detective was crying. How could his idiotic brother fool everyone?
and it was quite clear that they both wanted this. Wanted each other. Perhaps even
Sherlock takes a step towards him, opening his mouth as though he’s about to say something, but then snaps it shut just as quickly. John eyes him for a moment, studying his expression in a futile attempt to deduce it. He fails. Obviously.
They had been running through the streets of London in pursuit of one Marcus Wallman for their latest case, although somewhere along the way, the tables had turned quite considerably, and now Marcus is the one doing the chasing. With a knife. A very
Finally John lets out a long, resigned sigh, pressing a hand to his temple.
John’s eyes darted wildly around the space just beside Sherlock’s head, unable to look him in the eye. He could
“Yes I will,” John replied without missing a beat.
“Christ,” John muttered, dropping his head into his hands.
John swallowed, finding his voice. “Sherlock, what are you doing?” he asked, desperately trying to keep his voice even.
“Umm,” Sherlock said eloquently. “Just…” he jumped off the couch, bounded to the table where he’d left his notebook and began flipping madly through it. “…Give me a moment.” Sherlock briefly glanced at John as he worked his way through the book, almost
“I won’t be far if you need anything.” John hesitated for a moment, studying Sherlock’s face. John had never seen him look quite so pale before and his eyes—normally alight with wonder—were dull and cold, silently speaking volumes as to just how horrible Sherlock was truly feeling. John’s heart twisted painfully in his chest.
He didn’t have time to think about it any further as a loud, metallic clicking noise rang throughout the whole of the freezer.
“Alright?” John asks.
Sherlock raked his fingers through his hair, his thoughts running a mile a minute, like an out of control train thundering down the tracks with no means of stopping. Out of the corner of his eye, he caught John clenching and unclenching his fist—a nervous habit, Sherlock had learned.
Sherlock made sure the table was arranged exactly as he’d found it—minus the things he taken, of course—not that Mrs. Hudson’s dull mind would ever remember, but better safe than sorry. He was just about done; he only needed a few more things from his room.
“What?”
“No. No. No.” Sherlock could hear himself repeating. He could physically feel his world shattering down around him, the shards digging into his heart until it burst, wide open and flayed and completely, utterly broken.
John does not miss the insinuations behind the intonation of Sherlock’s voice that have exactly nothing to do with John’s professional, doctory touch and everything to do with something entirely different. And despite every rational instinct in his mind screaming at him to stop. To step away. To not let this go any further, he settles down in the unnecessarily small space Sherlock has cleared for him on the edge of the couch and reaches out.
“The waltz,” Sherlock announced.
It was glaringly, blatantly obvious how they felt for one another. Not just in this moment, but in all the subtle looks. The unnecessarily extended periods of eye contact. The simple things they remembered about one another. How well they knew each other, like they were two halves of a whole.
“Sherlock,” John whispers after some time has passed. “Sherlock, wake up, love,” he says, allowing the term of endearment to slip out knowing that Sherlock won’t hear it in the haze of sleep.
etched into Sherlock’s delicate features. Worry for John?
Sherlock climbed in without so much as a fuss and burrowed underneath the sheets.
“Show me,” he demanded breathlessly.
Sherlock had never had a friend.
“Christ, Sherlock, you should’ve gone to the hospital.”
“John,” Sherlock breathed against his neck. “
“Need anything else?” He asks.
After placing a cold cloth across his forehead, John sat down to continue reading.
“R–right,” Anderson supplied. “We would.”
“I did. Now do it.”
Everything that happened next happened far too fast. Just a blur of noises and sounds and fear and panic that Sherlock would not remember later. John had finally appeared, creeping forwards and ready to tackle the man and take him by surprise. But the man knew. Somehow he
I. Am. Not. Real.”
Nearly everyone John knew had come over to offer support and anything else he might need—though apparently silence was not included in that offer. John had tucked himself away into a chair in the corner of the sitting room, trying to avoid the furtive, sympathetic glances everyone was throwing his direction. They all thought Sherlock was dead and that that was the reason that John was so despondent. But as of last night—or early that morning, rather, John knew the truth. And that was a weight he’d have to bear alone, which was how he was used to doing things anyways—before Sherlock, that is.
He placed a hand to Sherlock’s forehead, which was soaked with sweat and hot as a roaring flame.
They ride in companionable silence all the way back to Baker Street.
From the small amount of time he’d spent with Sherlock, he could tell that he was quite human indeed—unlike his insensitive, callous brother.
“Yes,” Sherlock admitted reluctantly. “I suppose you
“Walls are too thick. Insulated well. Signal won’t be able to get through.”
Sherlock set her down in her playpen and walked away. He wanted to cry. He wanted to scream. He wanted to shout. It was too much. Too soon. His heart far too broken and open and raw to even begin to attempt to give Rosie an explanation.
“Sherlock. Breathe,” John reminds him, brushing an errant curl from his forehead.
“Do you want to stay?” He asks softly, gesturing to the empty side of the bed.
“He looks like you, Sherlock,” John whispered in a voice so small and quiet, Sherlock barely even recognized it.
Sherlock trusted John and John trusted Sherlock.
******
When John woke next, it was not of his own volition—Sherlock was still draped across John’s lap, but he was shivering fiercely, his entire body shuddering against John.
” Sherlock said. “You want to–”
you,” he sneered.
The world shook on its axis, emitting a deep, ominous rumble from beneath their feet. Sherlock’s head began pounding, the pain nearly unbearable and he clawed at his temples, willing it to stop.
“Have you called Scotland Yard about all this?” John asked.
******
“John!” Sherlock shouted. “Look out!”
Sherlock tilted his head sideways in a questioning glance, his sleep-tousled hair falling over to rest on one side of his head. John forgot to breathe.
“Fine,” John splutters, clutching at Sherlock’s sleeves. “I’m fine.”
Mycroft’s expression didn’t change at all—either he was very skilled at masking his emotions or he simply had ice where his heart should have been. Something told John it was more likely to be the latter.
John’s tongue darted out to wet his lips and he couldn’t help but notice how Sherlock’s gaze followed it, seemingly locked onto the simple motion. When their eyes briefly met, John noticed there was a barely contained hunger in Sherlock’s gaze that most definitely hadn’t been there earlier.
” John hissed. “You can’t hide there, they’ll definitely see you!”
“Remember what you did to yourself. It was you. All you, Sherlock. You caused this. That pitiful mind of yours got to be too much, didn’t it? You just couldn’t help it. Because you are weak,” Moriarty seethed.
“Her purse,” Sherlock pointed to a large brown leather bag resting on the ground a mere few meters from the victim.
“And people aren’t supposed to murder each other, yet here we are.” Sherlock spun on his heel, heading off towards the nearest elevator. “Are you coming?”
He slowly rolls his hips, bearing down until his hips touch Sherlock’s. Sherlock gasps and clutches at the doctor’s shoulders. John can feel his nails digging into the backs of his shoulder blades, where Sherlock has a vice-like grip on him.
Sherlock’s gaze softened, the worry on his face visibly relaxing now that he knew John wasn’t angry with him.
Apparently that is all the motivation he needs, because he’s crawling forwards and swinging a leg across John to straddle his lap.
Sherlock clutched at the railing of the bridge and gingerly hauled himself to his feet, the pain briefly easing its hold on him.
“Yes, that’s my name,” Sherlock said slowly, as if he were explaining something to a small child. His eyebrows furrowed as he took in the look of shock on everyone’s abnormally pale faces. “Have I missed something?” he asked, genuinely confused.
He dreamt. Bits of his memory came back to him in fragments—only mere shards of the events leading up to his unfortunate hospital visit. The first thing he remembered was John—their first meeting.
Sherlock takes the cue and wastes no time in hiking the sheet up to a positively indecent height on his thighs and swinging a leg over John, climbing into his lap. He presses up against John, letting the sheet fall open slightly at the top and John can’t stop the gasp that escapes his lips as their bare chests touch.
What he
John isn’t sure he likes where this is going. “And what about you?”
Sherlock rolls his eyes, but his words have an unexpected amount of tenderness to them. “For god’s sake, John, you can barely stand. Let me help you.”
John would say
He’d bottled up his grief for so long and let it sit and rot and fester and now he could let it all out and–
Sherlock let out a low moan before going rigidly still against John’s side.
The experiment. Sherlock. He liked Sherlock. John smiled into the dark curls of Sherlock’s hair: he
“’S all right.”
“Just like old times,” he said.
“No,” Sherlock insists, his voice rumbling in the crook of John’s neck. “Wouldn’t have it any other way,
John smiles into Sherlock’s neck and whispers, “so are you, love,” into his ear, causing Sherlock’s entire body to shudder. John carefully peels himself from atop Sherlock despite the detective’s many protests and pops downstairs to collect a damp flannel from the bathroom. Once John has cleaned them both off—which takes far longer than it should have, seeing as he is forced to stop every few seconds to kiss a demanding Sherlock—he lies back down, tucking the covers around both of them.
******
“My room is horribly cold,” Sherlock explains. Not that John needed an explanation.
The first time it happens, John thinks nothing of it—besides thinking
Outside, the rain still pattered softly against the windows, creating a soothing lull of calming noise. Sherlock shifted, rearranging his limbs on the couch until he was pressed against John’s side, nuzzling into the doctor’s neck.
Finally, Sherlock stands and plucks the blanket from John’s shoulders, tossing it into the back of the ambulance.
“Hmm?” Sherlock moaned, rubbing at his eyes. Upon seeing John’s blanket laid across his bed, Sherlock’s brow crinkled and he glanced up at John, a slight hint of panic written clear across his sharp features. “Don’t go,” he pleaded.
In one swift movement, John disarms Martin, the knife bouncing along the ground and over the edge of the embankment, landing in the Thames with a
“What is it?” John asked as Sherlock lowered the phone from his ear. “Was it–
“Ah, right,” John said, leaping up.
“Hmmmhgh,” Sherlock groaned in complaint, tossing an arm across John’s stomach.
“Lucky we don’t have a case, eh?” John said. “Or you’d be dragging me around the city in the middle of this storm,” John gestured towards the window where the wind was howling fiercely outside.
“We’re home,” John informed him.
“How are you feeling? You sure gave us all quite the scare.”
“It’s a sheer ten story drop, smooth walls, no way to climb down.”
He blinked and Sherlock was gone, vanished as quickly as he’d come, nothing but vast, empty darkness staring back at him, silently laughing in his face. He wasn’t sure how long he stared it down, but eventually, his legs gave way and he collapsed to the floor in a boneless heap, crying for what felt like the hundredth time that week.
“And what would make you think that I don’t know how to waltz?” John asked defiantly.
“You’re not in shock,” Sherlock hisses. “You don’t need a blanket.”
He pulls his hand back and captures Sherlock’s mouth in a sloppy, wet kiss, heavy with need. As he works at snogging Sherlock senseless, his hands trail slowly down the detective’s body until they reach the ties of his dressing gown. He pauses briefly, pulling back slightly to look at Sherlock. He gives a sharp nod and sighs as John continues, helping him to sit up somewhat to get the dressing gown off.
Sherlock’s slender fingers tightened on John’s hips and with one strong motion, pulled John down. He let out a grunt as he landed on Sherlock, surprised by his strength. John suddenly felt all too hot pressed chest to chest with Sherlock and–
******
******
“‘S no problem.” Sherlock waves a hand nonchalantly through the air and presses closer to John.
As soon as Sherlock had finished the entire bowl of soup, John returned to the sofa and slipped under the blankets as gently as possible so as not to create any drafts of cool air. To John’s surprise, as soon as he’d settled on the sofa, Sherlock shifted, wrapping the blankets around his shoulders and then clambered into John’s lap, his knees resting on either side of John’s thighs.
“No, you barely fit on there,” John says, gesturing to Sherlock’s long legs.
“Yes,” Sherlock said. “Do keep going.”
John hummed, pulling Sherlock closer.
John abided his silent request and moved closer to Sherlock’s head, making sure to leave the paramedics plenty of room to work beside him. A stray bead of sweat ran from Sherlock’s brow, making its way down the side of his concerningly pale face and without a second thought, John had reached out to wipe it away. He stayed by Sherlock’s side until he the paramedics were sure he was in stable condition, stroking the detective’s hand with his thumb and occasionally murmuring things like ‘everything will be okay,’ and ‘I’m right here, Sherlock.’
“Relax,” John assured him. “It’s alright.” When the worry didn’t seem to have any intention of leaving Sherlock, John added, “I’m staying. Go back to sleep.”
far away from him.
Afraid of what he might do if he stayed, John stumbled backwards and up the stairs mumbling another goodnight to Sherlock, who remained seated on the couch. John could feel Sherlock’s gaze follow him all the way up the stairs.
“I suggest you stop now,” Sherlock said. The man didn’t move. Didn’t turn around. In fact, he didn’t look surprised at all to have been caught. He started humming a tune that Sherlock couldn’t quite place.
Sherlock peeled open his right eye to frown at John.
The funeral had been dull. Certainly not fit for someone as incredible as John. He would’ve hated it, Sherlock thought bitterly. He’d left the church early, in fact, to go sit at John’s grave. He’d sit there and talk for hours, as he’d been doing almost every day. He hadn’t fully realized what he’d done to John that day he jumped off the roof at St. Barts hosptial. Now he understood.
right in the middle of John’s forehead.
Sherlock’s hands finally dropped from his face, a small smirk quirking at the corner of his lips. John ducked his head to catch the detective’s eye.
“Confused?” Moriarty asked gleefully.
alright?” John asks.
is so overwhelming, John thinks he might nearly die, no matter how clinically impossible that may be.
They finally reached the flat, ending their perilous journey that was the stairs. John immediately moved to the kitchen to put the kettle on. He was cold. Colder than he’d ever been. The cold from the freezer had sunk deep into his bones and burrowed further still, into his very being and settled there, seemingly not intent on leaving anytime in the foreseeable future.
“Sherlock?” John called into the darkness, picking up his speed as he moved through the flat. He was immensely grateful he knew the place so well, so he was quite confident that he wouldn’t walk into anything in the dark. “Sherl– oh
There was a rustling of sheets in the dark before he heard a faint gasp of, “Sherlock?”
“Hug. Me.” Sherlock repeated as though he were speaking to someone mentally deficient—which was almost everyone, as far as Sherlock was concerned.
John waited. And waited. And waited. He heard nothing from Sherlock. He wasn’t even sure if he was still alive. Try as he might—and try he did, indeed—he was unable to get any information out of Mycroft. And still he waited. He waited until the question of
He settled back into the chair with a sigh and continued reading. The reading seemed to be the only thing that would even remotely calm his sporadic heart rate.
“Won’t make it to the stairs,” Sherlock pointed out, eyes darting wildly around the room.
“That’s because it’s right here,” Sherlock said, as if it were the most obvious thing in the world.
John startled awake, his throat tight and eyes bleary. He sucked in a breath, relishing in the comfort Sherlock’s scent brought him. Perhaps if he just stayed there, in Sherlock’s bed for the rest of his life, he’d somehow be able to survive this.
and oh so familiar. Sherlock’s stomach did a flip, every cell in his body screaming at him that something was very, very wrong.
But other things were different too. There were unnecessary, lingering touches. There was eye contact, completely unabashed. There were private, little smiles, meant only for the other to see. They were happy. They truly were. Somehow after everything, they were inexplicably, happily content with their new life.
“Excellent!” Sherlock exclaimed. “Right here, yes. Now sit down. Perfect,” Sherlock instructed.
“Yeah. Someone you’d never think would love you. Someone you’ve know for your whole life, like a–”
Instead, he became locked in a rather unusual staring contest of sorts with Sherlock, the detective’s piercing gaze boring directly into his very soul and surely deducing far more than John had intended.
“No, I’m fine Sher–” John pauses when he sees the way Sherlock’s face falls slightly. John sighs. “Tea would be nice.”
“Must be,” Sherlock murmured, rising and flitting around the freezer, checking behind stacks of boxes.
Pure instinct kicked in and Sherlock leapt forwards to intervene, receiving a powerful blow to the nose from Carter for his efforts. He stumbled backwards clutching at his nose. He could feel blood trickling down his face but ignored it in favor of assisting John. Without his gun, even the two of them hardly stood much of a chance against Carter, who clearly had some sort of fight training under his belt.
“I’m sorry. John, this is all my fault. I should’ve seen the blood trail was a trap,” Sherlock apologized. “Stupid, stupid,
“I thought you weren’t breathing,” he says in a voice so small and helpless that all John wants to do is wrap him up, hold him tight, and never let go.
“John,” Sherlock breathed.
“Of course he would. He never did like his name. William.”
“Sherlock?”
“Holmes.”
“Only two characters,” Sherlock mumbled to himself. “What would he make it?”
“Good.”
he could imagine Sherlock whining. The thought only made him cry harder, spilling more salty tears onto the pillowcase.
became the question of
Sherlock was sitting in a heap on the ground, his limbs bent at awkward angles that must have been impossibly uncomfortable, and his bed sheets were wrapped around his body, constricting his movement even further. His eyes were red and puffy, and there was evidence of tear tracks that had been hurriedly wiped away running down either cheek.
Sherlock—being as observant as he was—noticed quite quickly that John’s whole body was shaking. So violently that Sherlock was worried if he removed his arms from John, he might collapse altogether. Just to be on the safe side, Sherlock held John slightly tighter.
He smiled at the top of Sherlock’s head. It was all quite lovely, really, he thought to himself.
John slid into the cab beside Sherlock and shut the door behind him. “Two twenty-one Baker Street,” he told the driver.
“I don’t think ‘people’ includes you, Sherlock.”
“That’s alright. Perfectly normal. You just focus on resting right now.” The man glanced at his watch. “I’ve got some time, I’ll keep you company.”
John rubs at his eyes. It is too bloody early for this.
John shivers and wraps his arms around his middle, curling up as much as possible where he’s seated on the back of the ambulance. No less than a moment later, something soft and heavy and undeniably
“A hug,” Sherlock said. “For approximately five minutes.”
“Sherlock?” John repeats.
The day was dreary and judging from the monotone grey of the engorged clouds, the steady drizzle of rain wasn’t about to be stopping anytime soon. Both men were quite obviously hesitant to leave the warmth of the flat after the freezer incident, but Lestrade had texted them with a new case.
Sherlock gave a small sound of disapproval, and John found himself suddenly pressed insistently closer against Sherlock, the sides of his Belstaff wrapped around John’s body. It was an awkward position for John with most of his body weight leaning against Sherlock; his head was forced to be tilted uncomfortably, his muscles screaming their protest.
“Okay,” John said, doing as he was told.
John glanced down and–
John startles awake, his heart racing from the all too familiar nightmare and he
In a strange, utterly incomprehensible way that is pure
“Yesss– Jawwwwn,” Sherlock slurred, stirring slightly in his sleep. “You’re brilliant,” he muttered before rolling over and falling silent once again.
When they arrived at the crime scene—which thankfully was inside a warm building, sheltered from the rain and not a single freezer in sight—Donovan ushered them towards Lestrade, who was standing over a body, mouth tight in a grim line.
And yet not close enough at all.
Chapter title from the song Gasoline
night. I need to
Sherlock puts his plan into action. He sidles up behind John, wraps his arms around his middle and presses the entire length of his body against John’s back, making his interest in the proceedings rather obvious. John hums and leans back into Sherlock’s chest, but continues to wash the dishes.
John stares at the disheveled mop of curls just inches under his chin, Sherlock’s soft exhales of breath whispering across his neck in warm, damp puffs. With a soft sigh, he finally gives in to the temptation and plunges a hand into Sherlock’s hair, gently scraping his fingernails across the detective’s scalp.
This time, the noise was followed by a sad, pathetic whimper of sorts.
Sherlock curled his body around John’s before the doctor even had time to settle in properly and promptly fell asleep with his face buried in the crook of John’s neck.
“Well– You– I guess–” John made a strangled sort of noise that was meant to be a laugh but had turned into a bit of a snort somewhere along the way. He cleared his throat. “You’re my friend,” he said simply.
John has the sudden, inexplicable—okay, maybe not so inexplicable—urge to smash his head against the nearest wall. Repeatedly.
John finds this rather odd, but considering the amount of sleep—or lack thereof—that the detective normally gets, he decides to resign himself to the situation and settle in for the night on the couch. With his flatmate. At least, this is the reason he tells himself for doing so.
Before he could reach the two men, the edge of the embankment crumbled under Carter’s feet and he tumbled backwards, clutching at John’s jumper and pulling him over the edge as well.
“I think you’ve broken him,” Lestrade mumbled under his breath.
Like he was simply caught up in a euphoric dream, shapes and colours and sounds floating around him in elusive motions and causing his head to swim. Yes, John had moved back into Baker Street, bringing Rosie with him to share the upstairs bedroom. Sherlock was indeed grateful for the company they provided and on rare—okay, many—occasions, he had offered to care for Rosie while John was out.
He feels warm and content and rather happy as Sherlock dries him off and helps him dress before tucking him into his bed. It’s rather odd though—as soon as Sherlock leaves his bedroom, it was as though he’d taken all the heat with him, and John’s shivering resumes, making it incredibly difficult for him to actually fall asleep.
John hastily undoes the top few buttons of his nightshirt before he can get a chance to actually think about what he’s doing. He takes Sherlock’s hand and slips it into his shirt, placing it right over his heart. His heart is beating wildly like an out of control train and he’s sure Sherlock can feel it too.
sturdy.”
Three days later, Sherlock solved the case and went back to writing his blog—even though no one ever actually read it—and searching for a new supposedly unsolvable case.
******
“Yes, I’m afraid that’s him,” Mycroft said.
“No, I’m not actually– Never mind,” John relented, shaking his head.
“I know,” John commiserated. “Almost there.”
Panic rose in the back of Sherlock’s throat and he thought he might be ill.
He could feel small, weak puffs of breath against his face, unassailable proof that John was there. He was alive.
The doctor quietly shook his head. “I’m so sorry for your loss.”
John stuffed his head under his pillow, pulling down hard on the sides in a futile attempt to drown out the din of the storm. He rolled over with a sigh: the bedside clock told him it was currently 3:26am. With another exasperated sigh, he pulled the covers up to his chin, shut his eyes. Opened them. Squeezed them shut. Put his hands over his ears. The storm continued to howl outside as if it was mocking him, the rain pounding relentlessly against his windows.
He paused, realizing with a start that the door to his room was open—he hadn’t thought Mrs. Hudson would go in there at all, not even to clean. He usually wasn’t that wrong in his deductions. He crept forward slowly until he was standing in the doorway. His heart lurched, feeling quite unpleasant, as though someone was quite effectively trying to squeeze the life straight out of it.
Mycroft stepped forwards and placed a hand on Sherlock’s arm. There were tears in his eyes. Even Mycroft wasn’t that good of an actor.
“Excellent John! It’ll be our first case since– well, you know.” Sherlock paused before adding. “You won’t regret it, John.”
“Jesus. No, no.
the reporter on the news drawled on.
He paused for a moment before shouting again in the general direction of the stairs, “John!”
“Call it,” one of the nurses said and scribbled something onto a clipboard.
“Get out,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock slowly turned around looking just as shocked as he had a few moments earlier, but this time, it seemed softer somehow, as if he couldn’t believe what he was hearing.
“Sherlock,” Mycroft said quietly.
And then he met Mary Morstan. He didn’t want to give up on Sherlock Holmes, but with each passing day—each hour, minute,
John could feel the tips of his ears turning pink and he tried quite hard to will the blush away.
“Alright,” John relented, grabbing his coat and heading out to wave down a cab.
John’s heart crumbles. It makes sense now why Sherlock has been hovering over him so much lately.
And then suddenly, the side of the bed that was behind John creaked and sunk under a weight. John rolled over, too shocked to continue pretending to be fast asleep.
“Come on,” Sherlock says, releasing his grip on John.
really
“Ohh,” Mrs. Hudson said in a conspiratorially hushed whisper. “It’s alright dear, I won’t say anything.” She mimed zipping her mouth shut and throwing the key away.
The weekend couldn’t come fast enough for Sherlock. It was only a mere few days, but it might as well have been an eternity. At last, when the weekend finally rolled around, Sherlock ushered John out of the flat after leaving Rosie with Mrs. Hudson and hailed a cab.
“Your bloody laptop is right there,” John said exasperatedly, pointing to the desk.
“I didn’t think anyone would care if I died,” Sherlock said matter-of-factly.
Moriarty stepped forward and grabbed Sherlock’s upper arms hard enough to leave bruises. “Remember.”
He slipped in and out of consciousness for a while after that. When he finally managed to peel his eyes open, he found a wide array of doctors and nurses huddled around him, tirelessly working away. Whatever happened must have been quite serious. The sporadic beeping of a cardiac monitor made his head pound something awful, and thankfully he passed out once more.
So when Sherlock saw an opportunity to return to some form of familiar normalcy, he leapt at it headfirst.
—he sat down in his chair. He searched through his mind palace before finding exactly what he was looking for, carefully catalogued into the recesses of his mind: John, sitting across from him in his chair pretending to ignore Sherlock and read the newspaper. But he was actually listening intently as Sherlock described the best ways one could be murdered using only a toothbrush, occasionally sneaking glances at Sherlock over the top of his paper when he thought he wasn’t being watched. But Sherlock had been watching. He’d noticed—of
“What the hell are you doing in my bed?” John asked, trying not to feel a pang in his chest at the puppy-like eyes Sherlock was currently giving him.
John cried until he felt he had no tears left, and then cried even more, until finally he slipped away into a grief-stricken slumber, not at all peaceful by any means, but made somewhat bearable by the constant scent of pure
“John,” Sherlock greets him as though this was any other normal day.
Sherlock’s eyes darted to John’s for a moment, a slight glint rising in them, before returning to rest on the left side of his face. John wondered what Sherlock saw reflected in them.
Sherlock tilted his head down until his lips brushed tentatively against John’s, just barely grazing them. The contact only lasted for a second or two, but the electric effect it had on John was sure to stick around for a while.
“You were–” John tried again, but yielded no more success than his previous attempt at speech.
“He locked us in,” John surmised.
“He left me no choice, John. I hope you can understand that.”
******
Sherlock was
John nodded. “Good.”
In one swift motion, John lifts Sherlock up and onto the table, his legs instinctively wrapping around John’s waist and his ankles hooking together behind John’s back. John’s sweatpants go flying over his shoulder in the general direction of the sofa and he buries his fingers in Sherlock’s disheveled hair and pulls him in for a searing kiss.
“Best friend,” Sherlock said again, as though saying it out loud would somehow make it more official. A rare, genuine smile spread across his face, saying more than his words ever could about his feelings towards this new title. “I like it,” he announced, his eyes gleaming as he smiled at John almost as brightly as they did when he was solving a particularly complicated murder.
John’s rather impressive self control begin to waiver, his body trembling where it’s pressed against Sherlock.
“Hiding in plain sight,” Sherlock said smugly, though there was a hint of blush rising on his cheeks.
large and sharp-looking knife. One that even John would struggle to remove from the man’s grip. The amount of drugs Marcus currently has running through his body are also no help, making him even stronger and faster and far more dangerous than John would like.
echoed throughout the factory, ringing in John’s ears.
that this time is simply just an accident.
John took the stairs two at a time and froze as he entered the sitting room. Sherlock was crouched over his chair, the cushion removed to reveal a large, ominous looking black box.
“Still not what I wanted.”
“There’s no way out, then?”
John is sitting at the desk in the sitting room, his index fingers tediously tapping away at the keys of his laptop as he recounts their latest adventure. He’s just writing about Sherlock’s unmatched brilliance as he went about deducing the entirety of the crime in a matter of minutes.
“We did it,” he said, grinning at John. “We beat Moriarty.”
******
“Sherlock,” John repeated, determined for his words to get through. He reached up to remove Sherlock’s hands, then decided better of it, dropping his hands back to his sides. “I don’t blame you, Sherlock.”
“Sherlock, do you really think that’s–”
“Mmm,” John hummed as another shudder wracked through his body.
Twenty minutes.
“John,” he manages to gasp. “Here. Come. Here. Going to. Have to. Stop that. If you want. This. To last.”
“This.” Sherlock held out a piece of paper. John took it, squinting in an attempt to read the too-tiny print.
” John muttered into Sherlock’s shoulder.
John’s teeth are still chattering and despite the comforting warmth Sherlock’s coat is providing, his entire body is shivering so violently he’s nearly rocking the whole cab back and forth. This, of course, does not escape Sherlock’s notice, and he silently shuffles across the seat of the cab until he’s close enough to pull John into his arms. John isn’t sure why Sherlock has been touching him so much lately—it’s really not like him to initiate any sort of physical contact. In fact, he generally avoids it as studiously as possible. But in this moment, John is eternally grateful for whatever it is that Sherlock is planning because his chest is so very delightfully warm and John’s managed to burrow as close as possible against Sherlock and he’s warm and wonderful and– John lets out a long, contented sigh, the shivering finally beginning to subside.
They spent the ride to the art gallery in silence, Sherlock nearly vibrating with excitement. Once they arrived at the art gallery, they fell into stride with one another and made their way up the steps leading to the front door.
“It’s not like we’re going to die in here.”
Sherlock silently undresses John, his slender fingers moving deftly and with a detached, matter-of-fact intent as he removes John’s clothing methodically piece by piece.
John thinks over his options for a few moments before he realizes Sherlock’s breathing has evened out. It seems he’s actually fallen asleep. On John’s shoulder. Pressed entirely against John’s side.
it. All of it. All of this ridiculous man who has somehow chosen
“Why would it–
“Let me help you, John,” Sherlock says softly, moving to remove his coat from John’s shoulders. John shies away to the best of his ability, considering his slightly frozen state.
It is Sherlock’s mouth, his lips against John’s. It is Sherlock’s breath that fills his lungs. It is Sherlock’s warm weight draped across his chest that calms him. It is Sherlock’s presence that comforts him.
He sits John on the lid of the loo as he fills the tub, studiously making sure it’s the perfect temperature. He doesn’t leave when the tub is filled. Instead, he kicks the door shut—presumably to offer some privacy in case Mrs. Hudson decides to walk in.
“No,” John whispered, so quietly he could barely even recognize his own voice.
John thought he felt a ghost of warmth hovering ambiguously above his shoulder, wavering undecidedly in the air.
And– Oh god, John suddenly sees those three days he’d been missing for in a different light. Sherlock must have been frantic. Hysterical.
“What happened?” he asked the doctor, his voice coming out in a surprisingly weak croak.
Or perhaps after a case. Adrenaline rushing through their veins, still high from the thrill and it would be too much to hold back. They would meet halfway, pressed up against the walls and then...
John rolled his eyes again at the back of Sherlock’s head as he followed him to his bedroom.
“Oh,” John said.
“Just this,” John whispers. “Just you.”
Mycroft sneered at it for a moment before seeming to force himself to take it and give a quick shake, retracting his hand back to the safety of his side as quickly as possible.
John glanced up curiously over the top of the newspaper as Sherlock glided back to the table to collect his notebook. He madly scrawled something down. Blinked once. Twice. Dropped the notebook on the table with a loud
“Christ, Sherlock–” John suddenly became all too aware of the copious number of eyes on the two of them, suspicions probably growing by the moment.
“I thought you–” Sherlock’s voice cracks and he turns his head away.
“Really?”
“As I was saying,” Sherlock says and dives into a reverie of their latest case. John is only able to half listen though—Sherlock’s hand in his is far too distracting.
John paced in a circle, his limbs starting to feel unnaturally heavy from the cold.
Shortly, Sherlock’s breathing evened out, the steady rise and fall of his chest a surprisingly comforting sensation for John. Sherlock rarely slept at all, never mind in the presence of another person. It made him seem so positively
” John heard his voice say although he wasn’t aware he was speaking.
“Sherlock?” John asked. “What is this?”
Perhaps it would’ve been different, she thought to herself. Oh, for their sakes how she wished it could have been different. They looked so positively peaceful in each other’s arms, how could she even think of spoiling that? And so she tip toed from the room as quietly as she’d come, giving them a few more treasured moments of peace together before their lives were irrevocably changed.
He nearly managed to finish typing up a new post for his blog when his eyes suddenly grew unbearably heavy. He set the computer aside and fell asleep before he’d even had time to properly lie down.
“It seems they really did succeed in quieting his mind.” Mycroft pointed to the table with his walking cane.
“Arse.”
Now he had someone who believed in him more than he believed in himself.
“You’re cold. I’m cold. The flat is cold. A simple solution, really,” he said and
Then, to John’s surprise, Sherlock actually pulls the blanket from the back of the couch and–
The words danced across the pages, elusively avoiding any sort of comprehension. John glanced up at Sherlock, who was now mumbling something to himself and waving a hand around. He closed his book.
With a sigh, John untangles himself from the grasp of Sherlock’s possessive arms and legs and body, and carefully slides out from under him, taking care to replace the blankets, tucking them around Sherlock’s lithe frame. He pulls on an old pair of sweatpants just in case Mrs. Hudson decides to make an unscheduled appearance in their flat and heads downstairs to use the loo.
“In the meantime,” John continued. “Should I read some more?”
under the touch, or maybe it’s John shivering or maybe they’re both trembling. John sucks in a breath before continuing, his hands rasping in the silence of the flat as they slide across Sherlock’s pale skin.
“I really thought– You were– Christ, Sherlock you were
A few moments passed in which John looked for something, although he wasn’t quite sure what that ‘something’ was.
” John knows he’s going to regret this. In fact, he already does. Yet he doesn’t. It’s an awfully bad idea, this.
thought John. It was worth it.
Nevertheless, he boldly continued carding his fingers through Sherlock’s hair. With each stroke, Sherlock seemed to sink deeper into John’s lap, his eyelids slowly fluttering shut.
“Guess that’s a no for tea, then,” John said to no one in particular.
“I am now,” John says, still a bit breathless. He licks his lips. The taste of Sherlock still lingers there. Sherlock’s eyes dart to his mouth for a moment before returning to stare at the sheets.
was a true friendship.
chair—Sherlock’s. The chair he would never sit in again. The chair he would never make wildly inappropriate deductions about John’s life from. John trailed his fingers across the back of the chair as he circled around it, memories of what life was once like—and would never be like again—swirling unbidden through his thoughts. It was the happiest time of his life, really, if he was being honest with himself. Sherlock had saved him in a way—he’d been absolutely lost, trapped living a ghost of a life since coming back from Afghanistan. His world had been dark beyond belief; a colourless, soundless nightmare. And then he’d met the madman and everything had changed. Suddenly he was seeing everything in a plethora of colourful bliss, his world morphed into a glorious symphony of adventure, danger, and Sherlock Holmes.
Moriarty grinned. “Helping you to remember.”
“Mmm. Cold,” Sherlock mumbled, nuzzling closer until his head was entirely in John’s lap.
John rolled his eyes, but stepped towards Sherlock, tentatively taking his outstretched hand. Sherlock guided John’s other hand to rest just above his waist, then found John’s shoulder with his own hand.
Sherlock was sprawled out on the couch with John resting on top of him, in between his legs. John’s face was nuzzled in the crook of Sherlock’s neck and one of his arms was lost somewhere underneath Sherlock’s body, the fingers of his other hand tangled into his dark curls. Sherlock’s head was tilted slightly so that his nose was buried deeply in John’s hair, both of his arms wrapped around John, holding him tightly against his chest.
“I was told to come down here,” the man said, his eyes flitting around and boring into everything they saw, his lip curled up slightly.
“Yes. Her purse.”
John. Meant to
John rolled onto his side with meager hopes that the change of position might allow him to finally drown out the screeching of the storm that was currently raging throughout the city. He waited. And waited. When he got tired of waiting for sleep to overcome him, he decided to begin a staring contest with his bedside clock.
******
“Thanks for coming,” Lestrade greeted them. “What do you make of it?”
Sherlock wanted to cry. He wanted to scream. He wanted to run far away to a place where John was alright. But instead he leaned down, pressed his lips to John’s—which had gone alarmingly cold—and exhaled, pushing his air into John’s lungs and breathing for him.
John was quite sure Sherlock was going to destroy him if they kept on like this—in this strange limbo of being more than friends but not quite enough
As it turned out, it took a total of sixteen officers—not including Lestrade—to successfully subdue the four highly trained men just outside the hotel.
“Yes, of course,” Sherlock said, the faintest smile ghosting across his lips at the slight comfort of the familiar normalcy.
“Nothing broken,” John assures him. “Just a bit bruised.
Silence.
His memories were blurry, but he could distinctly remember the feel of the drugs as they rippled through his veins up and up and up until they subdued his raging mind, effectively silencing it into submission. Shame washed over him, settling with a sinking feeling into the pit of his stomach as he recalled the clink of the used needle as it slipped from his euphoric fingers and dropped to the floor.
John glanced at the bedside clock: nearly four in the morning. John sighed. Neither of them were going to get any sleep like this, he decided as he wrapped Sherlock into a cocoon of blankets and gently removed him from his lap, placing him back on the opposite side of the bed before slipping out of the room as quietly as possible. He made his way upstairs to collect the large blanket from his bed—it seemed they would need all the warmth they could get for the rest of the night until Sherlock’s fever hopefully broke in the morning.
“What? Are you ill?” Sherlock asked, crinkles appearing across his forehead as he attempted unsuccessfully to deduce what was going on.
John clenched his jaw, methodically flexing his left hand. “What,” he said, though it wasn’t really a question of any sort.
“Alright,” Sherlock began. “You’ll be leading, obviously. So first, take a step forward with your left foot.”
“Take him home, John,” Lestrade said. “He really doesn’t look well.”
Sherlock waved John over. “Come on,” he repeated.
Sherlock scoffed. “I’m not a mind reader, John.” A pause. “Check the tags, they should have the room number on them.”
“No,” John said refusing to accept this as his fate. “There must be a handle or something.”
“No.”
a question. He checked his phone for what must have been the millionth time in the last five minutes. Reread the message.
They soon fell into an easy rhythm together, dancing through the flat and somehow managing not to knock any furniture over.
The next blow from Moriarty’s fist landed directly to his temple.
The lights blurred and brightened until they completely consumed his vision and he blacked out.
There was an answering splash followed by a muffled shout and within twenty seconds, Sherlock had an armful of spluttering John Watson.
Sherlock’s brow furrowed. “You say it like you have a choice.”
and then back to John with an expression of pure bewilderment, seemingly putting two and two together. He was a detective, after all. Despite his shortcomings during particularly vexing homicide investigations, the man wasn’t blind. Lestrade gave his head a slight shake and wandered off to find Donovan.
By the time they’d arrived at the crime scene—which just so happened to be outdoors—Sherlock’s nose and cheeks had turned a shade of pink far brighter than the weather warranted, and he’d sneezed six more times, each with increasing force.
“Sherlock?”
Mrs. Hudson put a hand over her heart and gasped. “Oh do be careful boys. And don’t destroy my flat!” she called as John hastily ushered her out the door.
“Am I?” John mumbled a non-committal response.
Sherlock opened his eyes to find the bridge was gone along with the rest of London. Besides a harsh, blinding light, the only thing Sherlock could make out was John standing above him. He squinted into the light surrounding them—it made John look almost ethereal.
“You’ll have to tell me all about it,” John said.
“Yeah, I think– Wait, what?” John asked, the implication behind her words sinking in.
******
As diligently as he tried not to wake Sherlock when he laid the blanket across the bed, the detective shifted, causing a new handful of shivers to wrack through his weakened body.
Their eyes met and they both burst into a wild fit of genuine laughter. John decided he quite liked seeing this side of Sherlock—the side with no walls up, leaving him completely bare, exposed—for John to see all of him. See what was under the mask of genius. What he saw there almost made him think Sherlock was human. Almost.
John laid his head against the back of the sofa and shut his eyes—he supposed he could use a nap as well.
Sherlock’s head lolled to the side and John’s hands hurriedly slipping around his middle and catching him were the only thing stopping him from sliding unceremoniously back onto the floor.
“Come on,” John said, ushering Sherlock in through the door of their flat and helping him shed his coat. “Straight to bed, you.”
Sherlock leaves his hand entwined with John’s, resting on top of John’s thigh and staring resolutely out the opposite window for the remainder of the drive. John supposes he shouldn’t be as content as he is to have his flatmate’s hand in his. He is, after all, decidedly not gay. Yet when he steals a glance at Sherlock with his hair framed in the almost ethereal light coming in through the window, his ridiculous, accentuated cheekbones, his long, pale neck, and–
Sherlock flopped into his chair and stared down John’s empty chair. He got up and hit it. Kicked it. Punched it until his knuckles bled. He pushed it over with a loud thunk.
At Sherlock’s request, he continued to type, earning the occasional hum from the detective.
Even though this world might not be real—might be entirely in his head—at least he had John. A best friend.
“See?” he asks, his voice coming out far too brittle than he’d anticipated. “Alive.”
“Hmm,” Sherlock hummed, and to John’s surprise added, “and what if I am.”
“Yes, I–”
“No.”
Sherlock works his way to John’s ear and whispers, “bedroom. Now,” in a low, rumbling tone.
John blinked, only just realizing his face was damp, his eyes spilling over with hot, salty tears. His heart clenched and he curled in on himself in Sherlock’s chair, pressing his face against the edge. He took one deep breath after another in a futile attempt to stop his sobbing lest he wake Mrs. Hudson and–
“No. No I wasn’t, Sherlock,” John deadpanned.
“I’m a doctor.”
Sherlock gives him a small shrug, the corners of his mouth quirking up into an unmistakable grin. “Cold,” is all the explanation he gives, and to be honest, John would have been fine with even less explanation than that.
Sherlock gives him a small smile and hops off the bed to start the kettle.
Sherlock allowed himself a few more precious seconds to bask in the moment before he reluctantly stood, making sure to safely tuck the memory away in his mind. He headed to the kitchen table, inhabited with most of his equipment and experiments, and started quietly packing things away into the small bag he’d brought.
He’s wrapped both arms almost painfully tightly around John, as if that alone could protect him from everything, perhaps even death itself. Sherlock’s face is buried deeply in John’s neck and he can feel his eyelashes flutter against his skin. Soft, deep curls are brushing against his cheek and John tilts his head slightly to nuzzle his nose into them. Sherlock’s entire body is trembling and John wraps his arms around Sherlock, pulls him close, whispers assurances into his hair. Tells him everything will be fine. They’ll be fine.
“Sherlock, if you want me to pass you your phone, it is right there on the table,” John pointed rather aggressively at Sherlock’s mobile, which was indeed resting amongst the haphazard clutter on the kitchen table.
“You are worthless!” Moriarty roared.
“Stay with me.”
This time, it was John’s turn to look confused.
John thinks to himself,
sake, John,
“Sherlock?” John gently shook the detective, trying to rouse him. He was most certainly
Lestrade was almost instantly at his side, briefly placing a hand on his arm. The action was most likely meant to be comforting, but given the situation, it only made John want to punch the detective square in the face.
With a sigh, John shifts and resigns himself to being decidedly uncomfortable for the duration of the trip home. He shifts again, his knee pressing into Sherlock’s. His left arm is presently being squished in-between his and Sherlock’s bodies, and it would be much more comfortable if he could just swing it across Sherlock’s shoulders and rest it there, but that would certainly lead to all manner of issues that he really doesn’t want to have to deal with right now. Instead, he settles for awkwardly curling his arm inwards, his hand braced against his thigh. John gazes out the window, taking in the busy streets of London in an attempt to distract himself from the uncomfortable position he’s been forced into.
“Alright,” he agreed softly.
John thought. He really would’ve liked to finish what they started.
He was about halfway freed when Sherlock finally shifted and blinked open his eyes.
They let him pass by, then wait a few moments, just to make sure he hasn’t somehow turned himself around and headed back towards them.
Less than a week later, John found himself hauling cardboard boxes filled with his few belongings up the stairs of two twenty-one B Baker Street.
The bed dipped and rustled as Sherlock shifted closer to John until he was pressed up against his side. He draped an arm across John’s stomach and nuzzled into the crook of his neck, unable to stop himself from letting out a small sigh. In turn, John wrapped his own arms around Sherlock.
Just as quickly as the moment began, it ended as John blinked, ripping his eyes from Sherlock’s and clearing his throat far louder than was necessary.
Something in Sherlock’s gaze shifted, his eyes darkening to a dangerous shade. John worried the detective might bore a hole straight through his skull if he continued looking at him like
John simply attributes this to the fact that Sherlock has never seemed to grasp the concept of personal space—not that John minds, really.
“Ah. Oh.
John had fallen asleep as soon as his head had hit the pillow. Apparently almost freezing to death is a rather exhausting feat.
“Of course I’ve solved it,” Sherlock scoffed.
Mycroft scowled, but remained surprisingly silent.
“Quickly,” Sherlock hissed, the footsteps nearly outside their door. “Pants can stay on,” he added, though it brought little comfort to John.
John hastily finished examining the body and headed off in search of Sherlock, masking his returned limp as much as possible.
He’ll insist on doing the dishes rather than joining Sherlock for a snuggle on the couch—or a more adult version of a snuggle in the bedroom, on some nights—and how
“Hm? Oh, nothing,” Sherlock said with a dismissive wave of his hand as though that was quite obviously the answer to John’s question.
When the cab finally pulled up outside Baker Street though, Sherlock ripped his hand from John’s and disappeared into the flat before John even had a chance to blink, leaving him to pay the fare. Typical, though at least some of their familiar normality had returned.
“Sherlock?” John asked. “Can I come in?”
“Yes,” Sherlock breathes, an air of annoyance apparent in the deep timbre of his voice. “For
Blood. So much blood. Bright and red and–
“Would you happen to know where I’m supposed to go, young man?” the woman asked. “I was told to come this way to pick up some belongings of a– friend.”
“But–” John pulls back, running a thumb across Sherlock’s cheek. “You’re gonna have to move soon, I can’t feel my legs.”
John jumps, Sherlock’s voice startling him out of his reverie.
Sherlock hovers while John sits on the back of the ambulance, teeth chattering despite the blanket the paramedics have wrapped around him. The detective keeps sending him sidelong glances then frowning and looking away before repeating the cyclical process all over.
“Ah, of course,” Sherlock nodded dazedly.
Sherlock’s brow furrows—John thinks this is rather adorable. “You’re not fine,” he argues. “You’re hurt.”
“You better find it, Sherlock. Time’s running out,” Moriarty said in a sing-song voice that made Sherlock want to vomit and punch the man at the same time. Or vomit on him while punching him.
The walls of mind—this false makeshift world he’d created—began to crumble down around him.
“Oh yesss. Very.”
Sherlock’s gaze burning into him, though, and it was almost unbearable. Almost.
Mrs. Hudson held a hand over her heart. “Oh my,” she whispered.
“Sherlock,” John says, struggling to keep his voice even. “It’s bloody three in the morning,” he all but seethes.
“Me– I’m sorry?” John choked out.
” Mycroft sneered at the mere mention of the name, then turned on his heel and made his way to the door.
“Alright. I’ll stay,” he assured Sherlock. “Just let me grab my computer.”
“You stopped reading,” he croaked.
His eyelids soon grew heavy from the mere effort required to keep them open, and he succumbed to the notion of sleep, shutting his eyes and moving his head back to the solid warmth of John’s shoulder.
“No, you haven’t.”
Chapter title from the song Out Of My League
******
“I do sleep!”
“All right?” John asked.
“Johnnnnn.”
“Fine.” John pried himself from Sherlock’s grasp despite the litany of complaints from the man and slipped away into the kitchen, but not before shoving the bowl of now lukewarm soup insistently closer to Sherlock on their coffee table.
It was a welcome reprieve from the pain.
John thought.
of Sherlock. But John is nothing if not a gentleman, so he asks, “bed?”
Sherlock avoided eye contact with John. “They might have orders to kill me if they see me.”
“No, it’s fine,” John says, pulling at his arms to bring him closer again. “I’m fine.”
“That’s the bloody point!” John shouted. “Moriarty is playing you. He knew you’d never figure it out. Who do you love most?”
John decided he would actually very much like to find out what it was like to be completely and utterly destroyed by Sherlock Holmes.
In sixteen seconds now, John would see Lestrade as he kicked down the old wooden cellar door. Exactly twenty-seven seconds after that, John would pass out while Lestrade checked him over.
“Always for you, John.”
They were halfway through unpacking when Mrs. Hudson spoke again.
And it was. But this one was different. This one was dangerous. Even more dangerous than what Sherlock was used to. John couldn’t help the rising dread in the pit of his stomach.
“Cold,” Sherlock murmured, his voice rumbling against John’s bare skin.
“Sorry, didn’t mean to wake you.”
“Really, John,” Sherlock says. “There is no need to romanticize things like that. Hardly paints an accurate image of the work we do.”
John nearly fainted.
If Sherlock had learned one thing from his time in this artificially fabricated world in his mind palace, it was that John could always be trusted. That is, after all, what best friends do—trust each other.
“Oh my,” Mrs. Hudson gasped, staring at the two of them from the doorway with her hand held across her heart. “Sorry to have interrupted you boys.”
Sherlock shifted closer to John’s side and studied his face. He looked pale, so so pale. His face was twisted up in a contortion of pain and he was cold. So cold. That was the shock, they told him.
Sherlock only shakes his head this time.
Thrilling at least, until they wind up exhausted in the pitch-black woods still being relentlessly chased by Marcus, who, it seems, won’t be stopping until Lestrade and his team manage to find him or he drops dead from exhaustion, the latter of the two being far more likely at this point.
“What are you doing in my bed?”
“No. Right you are,” John agreed earnestly.
Sherlock sneezed rather forcefully two more times and burrowed down as far as he could into his Belstaff, his shivers becoming more and more violent and all-consuming by the minute.
“I don’t think I’m breathing,” John says.
“Alright,” John sighed, closing the laptop once he’d finished. “Tea?”
“Thank you,” he says, because he’s not sure what else to say. What else to
“Sherlock?” John prompted, his voice breaking.
Sherlock’s brow furrowed and he paused for a moment, glancing at John. He opened his mouth, then shut it again before going back to searching through the mini fridge.
The door clicked, indicating that it had been unlocked and John took a deep breath before entering the room, preparing himself for whatever he was about to find.
Then Sherlock gets injured, and John breaks many more bones than needed in subduing the man who hurt Sherlock, but he figures fair is fair. Sherlock insists he doesn’t need to be seen by the paramedics, much to John and Lestrade’s insistence. John, seeing no point in arguing with an injured man, reluctantly agrees to take Sherlock back to Baker Street and examine him there.
“I’ll check it out, you stay hidden,” John said, heading to the door. He poked his head out just in time to see the same group of men who’d walked through the lobby earlier just down the hall, forcing their way into every room. Not good.
The lid of the box seemed to be tightly sealed with no way to get it off without detonating the bomb. There was a small countdown timer on the left side of the lid that told them they only had a minute and forty seconds left. On the right side, there was a small keypad connected to a screen that asked for a password.
“I’m not blind, Sherlock.”
“What about the window?”
“Where else am I supposed to hide, John?” Sherlock gestured at the open-concept lobby.
” he told himself.
The door slammed open and Mrs. Hudson ran in and picked up Rosie, shushing her.
“It’s locked.”
“An experiment?” John repeated.
“Goodnight Sherlock,” John said as he retreated to the safety of his bedroom.
“Are you scared of the storm?” John asked outright.
The loud wail of sirens cuts through the air, making both men jump. Lestrade arrives and sends his men to pull out a successfully subdued and rather disoriented Martin McDonald from the icy water, then orders John over to the paramedics.
John takes his hand with a sigh—best not to start an unnecessary row.
because they do have time. Lots of it.
John paused his reading to listen to the faint mumbling nonsense coming from the madman’s lips. Suddenly all at once, as though a switch had been flipped in his brain, the words became completely coherent—although a bit slurred with sleep and the drugs the hospital had given him.
Sherlock’s piercing gaze turned to John. “Probability would say so, yes.”
Even though Sherlock’s eyes hadn’t slipped south so much as once while he was undressing John, the doctor can’t help but steal a brief glance downwards. The corner of Sherlock’s mouth quirks into a lopsided grin, his eyebrows slightly raised. John can’t help but grin back before Sherlock helps him sink into the pleasantly hot water. Perhaps it’s because of the cold, or perhaps it’s simply from the events leading up to this day, but John decides that he’s rather tired of attempting—and failing—to hide his feelings from his flatmate.
“Sherlock?” John called. “I’m coming in.”
“I want you, Sherlock.”
John shook his head. “No. You’re not going. Not alone. We do this together.”
Sherlock leaned across John, his body a long length of glorious warmth against him, and promptly vomited out the open door.
“Sherlock?” he asked breathlessly.
“He’s crashing. Starting CPR,” John shouted. “Stay with me Sherlock. Stay with me.”
“Fine. This weekend. The art thief.”
John smiled and raised an eyebrow at Sherlock. Sherlock wrapped a long arm around John’s waist and dragged his fingertips across the waistband of John’s jeans until– Ah yes, there was his gun, nestled safely into the back of his jeans.
Sherlock risked a glance over the man’s shoulder. He couldn’t see John anywhere. Where was John?
Once John finishes the tea, Sherlock removes the mug, then returns to the bedroom with his laptop. He settles down next to John, opens his laptop and begins to type away.
John took a deep breath before returning the gaze, staring straight into Sherlock’s eyes. John stumbled distractedly over his own feet, but neither man seemed to take much notice. Sherlock’s only response was to shift his hand so it no longer rested on John’s shoulder, but on his back now, pulling him in even closer still. And who was John to say no?
“Damn it,” Lestrade whispered under his breath.
“Aren’t you going to kiss it better?” Sherlock pouts.
With the drugs flowing through his veins and the scent of John surrounding him, he could almost hear him. See him. Touch him. Not quite, but almost.
Sherlock groaned as he stirred, the sound vibrating through John’s stomach where Sherlock’s face was still pressed into him.
For once, it was John who came up with a plan before Sherlock. It wasn’t a brilliant plan, really. If anything, it was actually quite a bad idea, but John much preferred Sherlock alive rather than dead. And so, John found himself tugging Sherlock into a small alcove conveniently located behind the front desk by his coat, where he promptly pushed him against the back wall and smashed their lips together.
Once back at the flat, Sherlock hastily divested himself of his coat, replacing it with one of his many dressing gowns—a deep blue one this time. Instead of curling up in his chair like he usually did, Sherlock sprawled across the couch, which was rather…odd.
John has tried—and subsequently failed—to imagine what Sherlock had done in the few days he had been missing for.
“No,” John said, his voice nearly a whimper. “Please. Please don’t go,” John gasped as he clutched at the fabric of Sherlock’s coat in desperation.
this is a bad idea.
John blinked. Narrowed his eyes at Sherlock.
Because they are all of that. But they are also so much more. Their relationship, whatever it may be, completely transcends any and all labels. Because John Watson is not, in fact, gay—despite what seems to be popular opinion. But John Watson is indeed completely and irrevocably
As his laugher died down, it turned into hitching sobs that wracked through his entire body. He crumpled to the floor and dropped his head into his hands—hopefully Mrs. Hudson was not a light sleeper, because there was no way he was going to be able to stop himself now. John cried until he saw black spots dancing across the edges of his vision—perhaps he would simply pass out on the wooden floor for Mrs. Hudson to find him in the morning. Perhaps he would cry so much it would be impossible to breathe at all—he figured that would be much less cruel than what he was presently feeling in this moment. What he’d been feeling for the past week.
Overdose. That’s why he was in the hospital. It was never a case. There had never
“I’m fine, Sherlock.” John holds out his arms and Sherlock sinks into them, albeit slightly more carefully this time.
“You are.”
“Always knew this would happen,” Anderson said as he walked towards them.
He turns and leaves the room before he can change his mind and as he trudges up the stairs to his bedroom, he can hear Sherlock’s bare feet padding up the stairs behind him. Just one night, he reminds himself. Out of necessity. It means nothing. That thought disappoints him far more than it comforts him.
Sherlock looks at him as though he’s grown a second—or third—head. His brows furrow and he places a hand against John’s forehead to check his temperature.
” Sherlock teases, then begins pressing a series of kisses against John’s neck.
The woman was older and her auburn hair swirled around her head in slightly unruly curls—her red and puffy eyes did not go unnoticed.
“Sure.” John limped towards the victim’s side—apparently, having a rather significant amount of weight cutting of the circulation of one’s leg, which was previously ailed with a psychosomatic limp, for more than five hours was a bit not good.
“Y–yes,” Sherlock stammered—and when had Sherlock ever stammered before? “I suppose it does.”
Sherlock backed away, mind reeling. He couldn’t. He
“Sherlock!” he called again.
“How are you feeling?” John asked, ignoring Sherlock’s quip.
“You’re quite cuddly when you’re sick,” John said affectionately.
Sherlock made a sound John could only describe as what he imagined a choking seal would sound like.
******
“Christ, Sherlock. You look like hell,” John said.
John didn’t walk up the stairs.
“They’re coming. Searching all the rooms.” John shut the door. “We have to get out of here.”
Sherlock stares at John with an infuriatingly blank expression.
Sherlock took a deep breath and despite his trembling hands, managed to type in the letters ‘MH.’ The timer stopped with twenty-six seconds left.
the next day, winked at them before disappearing from the room and making sure to shut the door behind her.
John is still busy silently mourning the distinct lack of Sherlock’s immediate presence when something shifts against the underside of his thigh. He looks down to see Sherlock’s toes wiggle once more in a clear attempt to work their way underneath his leg. He gives Sherlock a halfhearted glare for a moment before relenting and allowing Sherlock to slide his toes under the warmth of his thigh.
“Let me help you.” He extends a hand down to John.
“Hold on, I’ll grab the blanket from the sofa.” John popped into the sitting room and retrieved the blanket. It was thin, but at least it would provide an extra layer of warmth for the detective.
“John, wait,” Sherlock pants against John’s mouth. “I have to ask you something.”
John groaned and opened his sleep addled eyes to stare into the darkness of his room. He must have been hearing things, but he could have sworn–
John was sure his face turned a vibrant shade red at the inopportune placement of Sherlock’s head.
Richard procured a gun from the waistband of his jeans and took aim at something out of John’s view—most likely Sherlock. The doctor’s heart skipped a beat and he raised his own gun and gave the trigger a squeeze without so much as a moment’s hesitation. The resounding
John forced himself to suck in a deep breath. “Promise me,” he whispered. “Promise me you’ll come back.”
John’s hands pushed the Bestaff from Sherlock’s shoulders and it fell to the ground in a plume of expensive wool. Sherlock somehow managed to press even further against John without breaking the door behind them clean off its hinges—Mrs. Hudson would certainly not be pleased about that. In order to avoid such an unfortunate situation, John pushed firmly against Sherlock’s chest until they were backing down the hall towards Sherlock’s bedroom. They managed to stumble their way down the hall without separating their lips, only running into a wall once—okay, twice—divesting themselves of various articles of clothing as they went.
The man pivoted until he was facing Sherlock, still humming that same tune. He had a mask on, covering everything but his eyes, which were dark and cold and
“Why aren’t you sleeping?” the doctor asked him as he pulled up the plastic chair to Sherlock’s bedside.
“Ah, yes. That would be best. Better not risk another run in with those men.”
must be on fire. If this is one of Sherlock’s experiments gone wrong–
“Not really, I–”
“Don’t lie!” Moriarty screeched, causing Sherlock to take a faltering step backwards at the sudden outburst of rage.
“Yes, that’s what I said. Are you having trouble hearing this morning?”
They are silent for awhile before John finally stretches and announces he is going to bed. In an instant, Sherlock has leapt from his chair to loom over John.
John leaps out of bed and dashes down the stairs, the telling trail of smoke leading him directly to Sherlock’s bedroom. John bursts through the door to find Sherlock dressed in only a worn, old t-shirt and pyjama pants standing over his bed, which is indeed smoking. In his hand is what appears to be a recently-emptied glass of what was hopefully water and not some other noxious chemical.
The second time it happens, John becomes suspicious, because there’s no
“Are you feeling alright John?”
he could see the entire flat from here. The whole of the sitting room, the kitchen, the top of the stairs, the door to Sherlock’s bedroom, and at the center point of his vision: John’s chair. John let out a small huff. He’d never been the center of Sherlock’s life: he’d always been too busy focused on the cases, the murders, the clues. Yet when John looked at the small flat from Sherlock’s perspective, there he would have been, every day, right in the center of it all.
John had saved him, really. Sherlock wasn’t much one for admitting that he needed help, but he had. He was stuck in a bad place—if he wasn’t able to have a case to get his high from, he’d turn to other, considerably more dangerous means. But not with John. John kept him in line, had sat with him for hours, days even, on end when there were no new cases to solve. No people to deduce. When Sherlock normally would have turned to drugs to fill the void, he began to turn to John Watson instead. The latter was arguably better, anyhow. Far more interesting.
“Can’t wait,” John breathed, pushing the shirt off Sherlock’s shoulders and capturing his lips with his own, hands exploring the newly exposed pale flesh. Sherlock—keeping true to everything else he did—managed to effortlessly remove the remainder of John’s clothing in a swift and systematic fashion.
Sherlock nearly leapt headfirst out through the doors, leaving John to jog after him.
When they reached the flat, John was sweating from the heat that had been radiating throughout the cab, much to the cabbies chagrin, yet Sherlock was still shivering.
“Three,” John repeats. “In the
“Stop!” Sherlock shouted, rage creeping into his voice.
John did not sleep well for the following three nights, although he convinced himself that that had absolutely nothing to do with the lack of consulting detective in close proximity. They hadn’t spoken a word about what had happened that night after the Thames, and John had decided that it definitely crossed well beyond the lines of friendship.
“You’re a freak.”
Sherlock buried his face in his hands, shrinking in on himself.
“My fault, dear,” she said.
There was silence save for another exasperated huff and rather concerningly loud thunk.
“I guess we’ll just have to do it again,” John said, carefully studying Sherlock’s expression.
risk being seen. You are meant to be dead and
Sherlock lets out a breath, the air puffing warm and damp across John’s face. He shivers, only just realizing how cold he is. Sherlock leans in closer and–
It would always be yes.
was all he’d said and just like that, the crime had been solved and John had been thoroughly amazed.
Sherlock removed himself from his coat only as much as was needed to drink the tea John offered him.
******
“Hngh,” Sherlock said, his lips brushing against John’s neck.
“Yes, you’ve said that already.”
Sherlock shut his eyes and steepled his fingers under his chin, preparing to sort through all the newly unearthed memories he’d retrieved whilst asleep. He still didn’t remember why he was in the hospital, though. He assumed it must have been a particularly dangerous case they’d been working on that had gone wrong and filed it away for further investigation at a later time.
John replaced the sheet with care, a sense of finality in the motion.
John reached out, wrapping one arm across Sherlock’s shoulders, the other across his chest and pulled him in until his head was resting quite comfortably on the doctor’s shoulder. Sherlock stiffened, and for a moment, John wondered if he’d made a mistake in offering. Then, Sherlock sighed into John’s neck, his breath raising goose bumps across John’s skin and melted into the embrace as though they were two pieces of a puzzle, interconnected in the most intimate of ways.
******
Sherlock brought a single finger to his lips. “Shh, I’m thinking.”
Sherlock shivered, averting his gaze from John’s as he nodded his head in a jerking motion that was far too quick to be considered anything remotely near normality.
” he moaned.
“Sherlock?” John repeated, ignoring how his voice cracked with raw emotion.
Sherlock sounds completely wrecked and John groans before climbing back up Sherlock’s body and kissing him soundly, trying to convey all his emotions into the one action of lips and teeth and tongue.
Anderson stepped forwards and folded back the tarp until the body was fully visible. Even though the body was facing away from them, obscuring its face from view, the black curls were instantly recognizable. As was the long, black coat that lay limply around the body, no longer flowing gently in the wind in time with every step Sherlock took.
“Mmmm,” Sherlock said eloquently.
“Damn it.” John punched the wall.
John raised an impatient eyebrow. “Well then?”
“Here?” Another press.
“Yes, I think I can,” John said, finally releasing his grip on Sherlock enough so that he could look at him. Sherlock refused to meet his eyes.
One particular evening, John had just returned from a grueling double shift at the surgery, and he made a beeline for the sofa where he promptly sunk into the cushions with a sigh. Sherlock was slouched in his chair, limbs askew and eyes closed, but he must have heard John come in because the moment he’d settled on the sofa, Sherlock sprung from his chair to join him. To be honest, after the day he’s had, John wouldn’t mind a bit of cuddling—all completely platonic, of course.
There is a crash as Sherlock’s laptop is knocked off the desk by his hip and it clatters to the floor. Neither man takes any notice. They continue kissing and kissing and kissing and then they kiss some more, the kettle long forgotten.
The silken fabric of the dressing gown bunches and wrinkles under the assault from Sherlock’s hands. Sherlock purposefully turns his head away, unwilling to meet John’s eyes as he speaks. “I don’t like leaving you alone. It– worries me.” Then the words come out in a rush, like a dam breaking somewhere deep inside Sherlock, allowing all his thoughts to flow out freely. “I know I’m only in the next room but if there was an emergency I might not get here in time and you have to be alright because you can’t be not alright John please understand I want to keep you safe
proximity before.
Yet when Sherlock reaches up again to peel the Belstaff from John’s shoulders, he doesn’t argue. Doesn’t try to move away.
Sherlock’s piercing gaze snapped up to meet John’s. “I’m sorry, were you speaking?”
“Moriarty.” The word slipped off his tongue and through his lips like oil, leaving behind a taste of fermented death in his mouth.
a bomb. But where?
“Shh, don’t try to talk. Help is coming. You’re okay.” John could hear the fast approaching sirens. They’d be here any moment now.
“Best friend,” Sherlock said, playing with the words as though he’d just spoken them for the first time. Perhaps he had.
“Upstairs? Coming?” John repeated.
“Fine,” John says with an exasperated sigh. “You can sleep in my bed, but
He made his way back to the living room, prize in hand, and righted John’s chair. He sunk into it and inhaled, the smell of John wafting around him like an embrace. It would be alright, Sherlock thought.
The cold that comes next is positively unbearable. Worse than anything John has ever experienced. His heart is twisted and shattered and Sherlock takes it with him as he pads his way downstairs.
“I am studying the relation between human contact and its effect on those involved.”
John set aside his book, staring down at Sherlock. “Is this the second part of the experiment?” he asked.
and steepled his fingers against his chin in thought. A far away look that meant he was currently traipsing through his mind palace entered his eyes, which John took advantage of and stared for a moment longer, taking in the brilliant sight before him. Sherlock’s hair was almost perfectly groomed into place despite the fact that he’d just recently woken up. His pale skin shone in the dim morning light and the sun shining through the windows made his eyes glint like he’d just discovered the world’s greatest treasure. His brow furrowed slightly, causing the most delightful of wrinkles to form across the width of his forehead. He drew in a deep, solemn breath that John instantly recognized as his ‘thinking’ breathing. Sherlock’s eyes darted blindly around the room as he processed whatever information he was currently sorting through in that beautiful mind of his.
“Sherlock–” John begins.
“John.”
Sherlock grins when he sees John and begins to make his way across the sitting room towards him. John’s eyes register a slight difference to the rhythm of Sherlock’s gait, almost as though he’s limping slightly and–
” John cursed as his foot connected not-so-kindly with the doorframe of the sitting room. John hissed a string of wildly colourful words Mrs. Hudson would have slapped him upside the head for so much as thinking.
Just to be sure—better safe than sorry—John gently raked his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, delicately feeling for any lumps or cuts.
“Sorry,” John shrugged and tugged at the hem of the sweatshirt until it popped the remainder of the way down Sherlock’s head.
“Knew that would do it,” he said softly.
John couldn’t stop his mouth from falling open. That seemed to be the effect Sherlock often had on him.
“Oh!” the woman exclaimed, her swollen eyes lighting up in recognition. “You must be the doctor who kept him company! The receptionist told me how you always visited him on your breaks. Said you read to him?”
John barely heard the condolences over the noise in his head, drowning out all other thoughts. He was gone. His best friend was
John let out a small laugh into Sherlock’s neck. “Now people will really talk,” he said.
“There’s a bomb. Somewhere in London,” Moriarty explained. “It’s set to go off in–” A pause. “–exactly two hours.”
“Mmm, s’ felt nice,” Sherlock murmured.
Sherlock’s eyes were fixed directly on him now, staring at him with a hungry sort of longing that made John’s breath catch in his throat. For a period of time that was far too long and yet not long enough, they simply gazed at one another, eyes locked in some form of an impasse. John had stopped breathing altogether and he was sure if he pulled his eyes from Sherlock’s, he’d find that he had ceased to breathe as well.
He fetched the wallet they’d found in the room earlier and placed it in Sherlock’s outstretched hand. John hovered around Sherlock for a moment before heading back to his spot on the edge of the bed.
“And you want to do this experiment with me?”
“‘M fine,” Sherlock said without looking away from his laptop.
A few minutes later, John is fully awake. Sherlock brings the tea, helps John sit up—even though he insists he doesn’t need the help—and passes him the mug. Sherlock eyes John warily as he sips at the tea as though he’s worried John might spill the burning liquid all over himself.
“Well,” John said, standing up. “I’m off to bed then.”
He gave a slight shake of his head, wincing at the rush of pain it caused.
It was rather funny, thought John, how he could feel so alone while surrounded by so many people. But in a room filled with all the people who loved him most, the one man who truly mattered was missing, his absence leaving a large void in John’s heart that only seemed to grow by the second. It hurt so much it was positively
“All good,” Sherlock repeated. He glanced around with an involuntary shiver. “Except for the freezer bit.”
“The name’s Sherlock Holmes and the address is two-two-one B Baker Street.”
John can’t help himself, and begins to read.
and before John could reach him, the man spun on his heel and held his arm out towards John and– A gun. He was holding a
John chose a luggage cart and began to search through, diligently checking each tag as he went for one belonging to room number twenty-one.
” The detective kicked a stack of boxes, his coat billowing out with the motion. The frozen cardboard of the boxes echoed throughout the freezer as they collided with one another, scattering in a multitude of directions.
message.
“Quite clever,” Sherlock mumbled as he stumbled after John.
Sherlock shivered as they stepped out into the February snow, the ice crunching beneath their boot-clad feet. This did not escape John’s attention.
Sherlock stared at John expectantly.
Both men jumped at a loud crash coming from somewhere outside the room.
“…No.”
Sherlock laughed. It was a maniacal, high pitched sound.
John sighed. There was no avoiding this. No avoiding
He swung the door slowly open to find that Sherlock had managed to successfully change into an old pair of sweatpants, but had seemed to get stuck with his shirt—quite literally. He’d managed to get his suit jacket and dress shirt off, but had subsequently gotten his sweatshirt stuck halfway on, directly over his eyes and blocking his vision. John just barely managed to stifle a chuckle.
“Mmm,” Sherlock hums. “You are,” he adds.
Sherlock reached for the doctor as he turned to leave, his long fingers ice cold where they wrapped themselves around John’s wrist and held fast, unwilling to let him go.
“John,” Sherlock breathed, unable to stop his name from escaping the confines of his lips.
John was fairly sure his heart had momentarily stopped functioning and he turned to glare at Sherlock.
The plane had one single passenger, staring forlornly out the pristinely polished window, not bothering to stop the tears from flowing freely now that he was alone. He was lost in the depths of his mind palace, the last encounter with his best friend stuck on repeat.
Though Sherlock wished. He wished and wished and wished that it could feel
Sherlock grunted a response that John took to be a no.
“I thought you said the theft would happen in thirty minutes. That’ll be too late.”
“Not leaving,” he said sharply.
Sherlock’s eyes glistened, the meager light from the street lamps coming in through the window reflecting off of the wetness that was now rapidly gathering there.
It’s not until John felt his bed dip that he woke again. He blinked against the harsh light coming in through his door from the stairway.
John waited a beat before asking, “what is it?”
Sherlock twists around and frowns.
John thinks that perhaps freezing to death wouldn’t be so bad after all, because he’s certainly going to die from
After John had typed a few more lines, Sherlock’s head came to rest delicately on his shoulder.
“Mmhm.”
John is pleased to find that his own arms have wrapped around Sherlock during the night of their own accord, keeping him close. He sighs in contentment and decides to wait to rouse Sherlock.
“Christ,” John exclaimed, rubbing a hand down his face. “Do you have any idea where it is?”
Mrs. Hudson squeezed his arm in a comforting gesture of approval and John read aloud to Mrs. Hudson and Sherlock, recounting the unforgettable story of how a remarkable detective had faked his death in order to protect his friends. Unfortunately, that was a story comprised of pure fiction in their world.
At some point, he found himself in the back of the ambulance at John’s side, clutching at his hand as they raced through the streets of London. The paramedic sat back and said something about the fact that they’ve done all they can until they reach the hospital and that John is in somewhat stable condition and he’s lucky that Sherlock was there.
“But you want to.”
John very quickly discovered the address Sherlock had sent him was the address for a hotel—most likely the same hotel their victim had been a guest at. John spotted Sherlock waiting in the lobby almost immediately.
“Please Mrs. Hudson, trust me. Go as far as you can,” John begged. “We think there’s a bomb in the flat.”
******
“Don’t worry,” John assured him with a smile. “I’ll be back to check on you in a few hours. Get some more rest while I’m gone.”
“What have you done?” came a voice from behind him.
“Oh, that’s not good,” said John.
Sherlock’s head snaps up as John enters the room, his expression one of pure, childish innocence.
John was quite glad Sherlock couldn’t see his face, because for the next forty-three seconds or so, he wore an expression best described by his mother as one he could ‘catch flies with,’ his mouth agape and forming a lovely ‘o’ shape.
“Why not John? It’s so– fun.”
and loped across the room to hurriedly type something on his laptop. John returned his attention to the headline of the newspaper.
“Sorry, what?”
“I know,” Mycroft answered and produced a small bag from under his chair.
drapes around his shoulders.
The singular thought of it alone was enough to make him curl his lip up into a sneer and run quite quickly in the other direction.
“And I can’t feel my arse. I think you’ll live.”
“Mrs. Hudson. No time to explain. You need to leave. Go as far away as possible,” John instructed.
Something is covering his mouth. He can’t
All the public places; trains, parks, stadiums. But no sign of the bomb anywhere. It wasn’t like Moriarty to bluff. There
“Yes. Best friend,” John repeated, trying to make it as clear as possible for Sherlock.
John checked his watch. “Yes, only by sixteen minutes.”
“Feeling better?” John asked quietly.
with me that I ‘zoned out,’ as you would put it, instead of holding a simple conversation with you.”
******
Someone is speaking to him. No, not just someone;
Sherlock hummed in response, his head twitching to the side.
“What?” John asked. “That last bit?”
“The name’s Sherlock Holmes and the address is two-two-one B Baker Street.” Sherlock gave him a playful wink before sauntering off down the hallway.
“Oh no,” John says, attempting and failing to stand on his own.
He curled up in his chair and cried.
Martin pauses for a moment, his eyes following the trajectory of the knife before returning to meet John’s. They are cold and dark and completely
“Yeah. That.”
things towards John. He jumped into that river to save him because– he cared?
“Soon, John,” he said as he removed a needle and vial from the small package. He filled the syringe as full as he could, took another deep breath and pushed the plunger in, the warm liquid surging through his veins. He repeated the same process until the remaining vials were empty, then he curled in on himself, pressing his face against the back of the chair.
Sherlock sleeps beside him again that night. They don’t talk about what happened in the morning. It is as though it’s been forgotten, pushed back to the depths of their minds.
“Sherlock? You alright in there?”
John gives his hips another experimental roll and they quickly settle into a rhythm.
“Come on then, let’s find this suitcase so we can get out of here.”
“Alright,” John said.
“Sherlock?”
This is a bad idea. John
A twig snaps to their right, and Sherlock’s arms tighten around John, effectively pulling him closer. Marcus stumbles into sight, his figure just barely visible in the dark. Moonlight glints off the large knife, giving it a deadly glow in the dark of the forest. It is quite clear from the way the man constantly stumbles and curses that the drugs are taking their toll, and it won’t be long now until the full effects have vanished and he can be easily subdued.
Something is on fire. The whole bloody
The curls gave a slight bounce that John took to be a nod of his head. The room was seemingly suspended in a state of deafening silence, the sound—or lack thereof, rather—rang hollowly in John’s ears.
The detective sat up, and John felt surprisingly cold with the absence of Sherlock no longer pressed against him. He easily took the newspaper from John’s hands, leaning across him to set it down on the side table.
Everything was the same and yet it was all so
” Sherlock grumbled, curling his upper lip and turning his nose up as if the very idea was positively revolting to so much as think about.
“You’re such a dick sometimes.”
” John suggested.
“Because we’re about to catch a notorious art thief?”
They fell asleep clinging to one another, warming each other not just with their bodies, but with the love that filled their hearts full until they were nearly bursting with it.
John shook his head, clearing the haze from his thoughts.
They sat in companionable silence for a while before John started to shiver fiercely, unable to control it. Sherlock felt the tremors, glancing over at John with pure concern laced through his silver-blue eyes. He shifted the tarp, double checking that there were no areas where any cold could get through. Once he seemed satisfied, he hesitantly wrapped an arm around John’s shoulders, pulling him closer against his delightfully warm body.
John gave him a sideways glance, their noses nearly brushing against one another. “Is that a good ‘hmm’ or a bad ‘hmm?’”
“Exactly,” John said. “And where do we all live?”
Mycroft scoffed, his lips curling up into amusement as though he’d just been told a particularly funny joke.
like him. John sucked in a deep breath, inhaling as much of Sherlock’s scent as he physically could, desperately trying to commit every ounce of it to his memory.
“Eat. Now,” John demanded.
“Keep looking,” he insisted.
John manages to kick the door of his bedroom shut and deposits Sherlock on his bed, laid out in the middle with his dressing gown flowing around him like an ethereal work of art. How is it possible, John thinks, for someone so infuriatingly
“But Johnnnn, why not?” Sherlock pouted. John had to say yes. He
“Fineee,” Sherlock said with an overly dramatic sigh as he let himself be hauled back up onto the seat.
“I’m a doctor,” John reminds him. “I know how to tell if something is broken.”
“Are you even listening to me?” Sherlock huffs and shifts in his chair, the dressing gown—and his legs, for that matter—falling slightly more open, as though it’s a silent invitation.
******
“The bomb!” Sherlock gasped, startling himself awake. His eyes darted wildly around the room.
did,” John grumbled, though from the way Lestrade’s eyes widened in shock, John hadn’t been nearly quiet enough.
“Did dance you want?” Sherlock asked eloquently. He cleared his throat and gave his head a slight shake, then tried again. “Did you want to continue? Dancing I mean? Get a bit more practice.”
She failed miserably in stifling a gasp at the sight that greeted her.
He lets his hands sink deep into Sherlock’s hair, pulling and stroking and coaxing out all manner of filthy sounds from the detective’s mouth, only to be absorbed and swallowed by John’s mouth. Sherlock’s body is a juxtaposition, contradicting itself, all soft and pliant under John’s hands and yet all sharp, harsh angles. John lets his hands trail across Sherlock’s abdomen and the detective’s mouth falls open in a soft gasp. John dives forwards, plunging his tongue into the warm, wet heat of Sherlock’s mouth and conducting a rather thorough exploratory search of it.
to be anything but. John makes quick work of his clothing, tossing it onto the floor while Sherlock watches intently, his hungry eyes tracing along every plane and curve of John’s body. Sherlock’s chest is rapidly rising and falling at such an alarming rate, John is genuinely concerned that the man might actually hyperventilate.
Sherlock nods, then proceeds to insist that John needs to go home to warm up and that paperwork and such can wait until tomorrow. Thankfully, Lestrade doesn’t bother to argue, and soon they’re both sitting in the back of a cab, on their way back to Baker Street.
“Sherlock?” John questions, because this behavior is getting far too strange for John to handle without going mad himself. “Are you alright?”
He went back to work tucking himself under the covers until he seemed to be satisfied with how they were arranged and John found himself having to suppress a smile at the sight. Sherlock cast a glance in John’s direction—if John didn’t know better, he would’ve said it was a nervous look—as he lowered himself down until his head came to rest on the pillow.
Sherlock insists on tucking John in—“Drafts John! You could get a chill”—then hesitates, hovering near the doorway. John is quite sure Sherlock is prepared to stand there all night long.
“No, course not.” John dips his hands under the sheet and slides them up Sherlock’s back. “But Sherlock, if you wanted something, all you had to do was ask.”
“No, not without the handle. The door can only be opened from the outside now.”
He set his notebook and phone down on the small table beside the couch before dropping himself onto the sofa beside John, the sides of his robe puffing out to lie dramatically around him. Sherlock leaned forward until his long arms had enveloped John. Sherlock was stiff and the harsh angles of his body poked into John where their bodies met. John hesitantly allowed his arms to encircle Sherlock’s lithe frame. He took a deep breath in an attempt to calm his pounding heart and was rewarded with the homey scent of pure
John leaned forward slowly—giving Sherlock plenty of time to pull back if he wanted—and rested his forehead against Sherlock’s shoulder. Shortly after, they found their fingers had entwined with one another of their own accord, though no move was made to untangle them.
“It’s for his luggage.”
“Um, I think it’s been five minutes?” he said awkwardly.
John tried his very best to stay awake, but in the end it was a hopelessly pointless battle, with sleep being the one and only victor. He let his head drop, his cheek coming to rest directly in the soft curls of Sherlock’s hair. He took a deep breath and drifted off to sleep surrounded by the lovely scent that was unmistakably Sherlock Holmes.
.” Sherlock sniffed and pressed himself closer against John.
“Nightmare,” Sherlock gasped, and it was only then that John realized how erratic Sherlock’s heavy, panicked breathing was. “I had a– nightmare.” Sherlock shuddered and huddled deeper into the blankets.
repeat that to anyone.”
John shifted, working his leg in between Sherlock’s, hooking his foot around the detective’s ankle and pulling him closer.
John didn’t hesitate to swat his hand away. “Why not?” he seethed.
Sherlock had left the flat early that morning before John was up. He’d left the case files on the cluttered table for John to read over along with a note:
John raises an eyebrow.
“You shouldn’t be going out like this, especially not in this weather,” John warned as they donned their coats, handing Sherlock his scarf rather forcefully.
“So, I’ve studied the pattern the thieves have been following,” Sherlock said once they were inside. He grabbed John by the elbow and dragged him off in the proper direction. “They should be here in the next thirty minutes. All we have to do is wait.”
When John wakes, he finds a warm weight draped across his chest. Sherlock’s face is buried in the crook of his neck, his breath coming out in warm puffs against John’s skin. One of his arms is slung across John’s stomach, the other lost somewhere underneath him. Somehow throughout the course of the night, one of Sherlock’s legs has worked its way between John’s. John is not sure where one man ends and the other begins, and that’s quite alright, he thinks to himself.
“Right. And how will I know it?” John asked.
John gave Sherlock five minutes to change into something decidedly more comfortable than his suit and after six minutes and one thoroughly frustrated ‘harumph,’ John gave up and knocked on the door.
“I’m fine,” John reassured him.
“No. Nononono.” Sherlock spun in a circle and tugged at his hair. “John?? Is he okay?”
“Why?” John asked. “What happens if they see you?”
Sherlock tipped forwards at an agonizingly slow pace until their foreheads were pressed together. They stayed like that for a moment, John too afraid that if he moved, his knees would buckle or even worse, he’d scare Sherlock into retreating to his room and pretending that this whole ordeal had never happened. But it had. And John couldn’t forget that.
As Sherlock pulled back, he froze, eyes wide and slowly released his ironclad grip on John’s shoulders. John’s mouth had dropped open in complete and utter shock and he was surprised his jaw wasn’t dragging on the floor at the base of the couch.
It was the longest elevator ride either of them had ever been on. Sherlock was nearly as white as a sheet and John felt as though the deafening silence might just wrap itself around his throat and hold tight.
Sherlock stumbled backwards, just barely catching himself as momentum threw his body unrelentingly towards the ground.
Sherlock’s brow crinkles as he speaks. “Well, no sense in making you go up and down the stairs. Besides, you should be close so I’m able to keep an eye on you. Why don’t you take my bed?”
Once Sherlock had deemed it safe enough to let go and that John was no longer in risk of falling, he did so.
“Better, actually. Do I look better?”
******
Sherlock licked his lips and tugged at John’s sleeve like an impatient child. “Let’s go home,” he insisted.
“Good. Very good.” John cleared his throat. “Y’know something, Sherlock?”
“Sherlock? Are you alright?” John asked, worry creeping into his features.
John tightened his arms around Sherlock, pulling him closer. Sherlock let out a soft moan and gradually melted into a boneless heap in John’s arms. Against his better judgment, John allowed his chin to come to rest on the crown of Sherlock’s head, causing Sherlock to nuzzle even closer still, his nose brushing dangerously close to John’s pulse point. John barely managed to suppress a shudder.
“I’m calling Lestrade.” John pulled out his phone and dialed. “We’re going to need all the help we can get with this.”
“What?” Sherlock asked, peering into the blazing luminescence of light pouring down.
“Sherlock, I–”
“No way out, John.”
Sherlock buried his face in his coat, unwilling to meet John’s gaze. His breath caught in his throat as everything came back to him in an unbidden rush, as though the floodgates in his mind had just opened.
drive faster,” John urged. It was
“You should move around a bit, Sherlock,” John suggested. “It’ll help you warm up faster.”
******
“But– You– What if–” Sherlock stutters for what John thinks is probably the first time in his life, then says, “
of him. But the fact of the matter is that Sherlock is not
“Let’s split up,” John suggested. “I’ll go around behind him and you go this way.”
“Oh, he would’ve loved those, dear. You did a good thing for that man.” She gave him a consoling pat on the shoulder. “You can call me Mrs. Hudson, by the way.”
“Sleep?? You
“Moriarty. He threatened your life. Mrs. Hudson. Gavin– no uh–”
“Awful way to go, isn’t it?” came a familiar, deep baritone voice from behind them.
Sherlock nearly leapt out of the cab before it came to a complete stop and disappeared through the door in a wild flurry of Belstaff.
“Yes. Who knows, Sherlock. It might just kill everyone you love.”
“Ah. Yes. This looks like a good place to start,” he said, clearing his throat awkwardly.
“Five– you want to time it?”
“Did he really solve all those cases? Most of what he said in his sleep didn’t make much sense, but– Did he really save all those people?”
“Achoo!”
And so John does take Sherlock’s hand, and they run off into the night together. Once they’ve gotten back into the city, their hands remain tightly clasped together. They don’t let go until they’re back in their flat and forced to part only to go to their respective bedrooms for the night.
Three days, sixteen hours, fifty-one minutes and seventeen seconds. That was how long Clyde Bryant had held John in his basement—apparently it was becoming a rather well known fact that in order to get to Sherlock Holmes, one only had to threaten John Watson. But, in approximately thirty-two seconds, Lestrade would be pounding on the front door of the residence of one Clyde Bryant.
“G’night.”
By the time John had returned to Sherlock’s bedroom, computer in hand, the detective was fast asleep, his face pressed deeply into the pillow and the covers pulled high around his shoulders. John slid on top of the covers on the opposite side of the bed, resting his back against the headboard and being careful not to jostle the bed too much and risk waking Sherlock. He looked positively peaceful when he slept and far younger, John noticed—the lines of concentration that were so common were nowhere to be found. John smiled to himself at the sight.
“Only if you want to,” John added, trying to relieve some of the pressure.
Mrs. Hudson beamed at John. “Except that one time he got into my herbal soothers. That was a particularly rough patch,” she remarked.
John just managed to avoid the inordinately large rock that had been flung not so kindly in his direction by one Carter Mills; a dangerous serial killer who they were currently attempting to apprehend. The brave doctor pulled his gun out, only to have Carter tackle him to the ground—he was a large, unnaturally muscular man who towered over John’s stout figure. The gun went sliding across the concrete and bounced down a hill to land hidden away in the long foliage at the bottom.
The remainder of the drive to Mycroft’s private plane was in a grim silence that filled the whole car, entwining itself around each occupant as if it were death itself.
Within minutes of John opening the book, Sherlock was fast asleep.
“John?” Sherlock asked. His vision had blurred, making John’s face look distorted and hopefully paler than it actually was. Hot tears ran down his face and dripped onto the floor, mingling with John’s blood.
“Mm, your hands are soft,” Sherlock hummed dazedly.
“Right, so– You got all that from–?”
Sherlock played louder, wincing as he hit a string of incorrect notes.
“I’m sorry?”
Mycroft took a deep breath. “Sherlock, I’m afraid this isn’t my doing. This is no trick.”
you.”
“Dada,” Rosie demanded.
Sherlock shuffles closer on John’s lap until they’re pressed chest to chest and–
“Am I? Thank you John,” Sherlock said, looking so truly, genuinely touched that John didn’t bother to correct him.
When the doors finally opened with a resounding
“I’m aware of that.”
By now, John knew it was best just to wait until Sherlock was done his deducing. He took a seat on the edge of the bed and tried not to think about what had just happened between them downstairs. He hoped Sherlock wasn’t cross with him.
“Who? Who did we miss?” he asked Mycroft.
“Find. Him,” Lestrade seethed. “He is the only bloody person who can figure out where our victim was staying.”
“Sorry, what?” Lestrade stammered.
Still nothing.
******
Chapter title from the song I’m Only Human After All
John felt the slow nod of Sherlock’s head, the rise and fall of his chest finally slowing down to a more steady, less alarming pace.
He slides under the covers, taking care to keep a respectable distance between them.
When he finally woke again, he reluctantly peeled his eyes open to reveal he was in a small—and thankfully dark—room. His head throbbed with each beep from the cardiac monitor and his mouth tasted like it had been used as a garbage dump while he slept. His entire body ached something awful and– Why couldn’t he remember anything? What had happened? How had he ended up like this?
It appeared that was all the encouragement Sherlock needed to swoop down and capture John’s mouth with his own. The kiss was much less chaste this time around and John let out a rather embarrassing moan as Sherlock’s tongue conducted an exploratory search of his mouth.
“Sherlock,” John repeated, gently shaking at his shoulders. “Stay with me. You can’t fall asleep, I don’t know what he gave you.”
“Hmm.”
John can’t sleep that night and finds he’s wandered out to the couch at some point in the night. He can’t stop thinking. About Sherlock. His flatmate. His best friend. Spread out on the couch last night as though he were an offering.
Sherlock looked positively affronted. “I didn’t.”
“Yeah.”
“John?” Sherlock sobbed. He collapsed across John’s cold body, barely registering Mycroft ushering everyone else out of the room. Time blurred until it was no longer a thing, but a mere concept of a thing. And still Sherlock stayed by John’s side and he cried and cried and begged and cried some more. John didn’t hear him.
“–must
Exactly twelve hours later, John is back in two twenty-one B, having just been discharged from the hospital. Sherlock is flitting about in a manner John’s never seen before, a look of raw
Sherlock refused to meet his eyes.
John leans down and presses his lips to Sherlock’s in a soft, chaste kiss. Sherlock hums his appreciation, buries his face into John’s neck and shifts, hooking his heels around the backs of John’s calves, the movement making them both moan in pleasure.
“You’re not supposed to do that,” John muttered defeatedly.
John let his hands wander down to brush against Sherlock’s lean stomach, across his ribs, his hips, and lower–
The world felt like it had been turned upside down and was tumbling down all around John. Demolished. Obliterated. He felt like the world was spinning around him, everyone else just a blur save for the body on the ground. John stumbled forwards towards where Sherlock was lying lifelessly on the ground. A firm hand on his arm stopped him from moving any closer.
“Jesus Sherlock,” John said, running a hand down his face. “Come on.” He reached down, attempting rather unsuccessfully to drag Sherlock back onto the seat.
Sherlock strode to the bed and slipped under the covers, unceremoniously dragging John on top of him. John just barely managed to catch his weight on his arms, which were currently situated on either side of Sherlock. As Sherlock arranged the sheets over them just so, making it look like they were fully nude, John desperately tried to slow the beating of his heart lest he have a heart attack right here on top of Sherlock.
If John didn’t know any better, he’d say he was shagging Sherlock senseless. And he is rather proud of that fact; that him and him alone could stop that brilliant mind of Sherlock’s, no matter how fleetingly.
“The one with the serial killer–”
John thought.
crashing against the edge of the sink on its way down and possibly shattering into the sudsy water but it doesn’t matter because John is turning around and pressing his lips to Sherlock’s. His fingers, still wet from the dish water, are digging into his hips and working their way under his shirt and John is slotting their hips together and Sherlock forgets to
As always, Lestrade along with the rest of New Scotland Yard have been incredibly slow, and will likely not come to their aid anytime soon. For now, it is simply John and Sherlock against the world. It is positively
he thought idly to himself.
All at once, it is gone, leaving John longing for more, more,
He collapsed onto the couch next to John, leaning closer and squinting to read what he was typing.
The room suddenly felt all too loud for his liking, his ears ringing a high pitched sound that droned incessantly on and on. John clutched at his head. Raked his fingers through his hair.
John is sure Sherlock is going to destroy him. And perhaps not in a good way after all.
Sherlock immediately snuggles up to John’s side, wrapping one long arm around John’s waist and holding him close, one of his legs tucked securely between John’s thighs. John lets his hands wander across Sherlock’s back and shoulders, moving up to tangle in his hair and then back again in a rhythmical cycle. Sherlock nuzzles closer until his face is buried in John’s neck, his nose brushing back and forth against the skin there. John tips his head and presses a kiss to the crown of Sherlock’s head, causing him to hum and shift closer still, until the entire length of his body is pressed against John: all hot, soft flesh and glorious angles.
with the swell of unbidden emotions rising in him, crashing to the surface and breaking free from where he’d securely locked them away, deep in the confines of his heart.
“No. Hospital. Bad. No.” Sherlock glanced up, his eyes suddenly far more alert than any drugged man’s eyes should have been, seemingly piercing directly into John’s very soul. “I wan–” Sherlock stopped and squeezed his eyes shut, his forehead wrinkling in concentration. “I wanted t’ go home. With you.”
When he brought himself to look up again, his face reddened as he saw Sherlock’s trousers fly in the opposite direction his shirt had gone. John gulped audibly as Sherlock began to remove his undershirt.
John clutched at his side as he regained his breath, and when his eyes met Sherlock’s this time, something different passed between them. Something entirely new. Something
Sherlock has tried everything to prevent John from doing the dishes. He’s insisted on leaving them until the next day (“can’t have them molding overnight, Mrs. Hudson won’t be pleased about that.”) He’s tried to convince John to use paper plates (“Sherlock, the toxic waste we throw away from your experiments is enough for the environment to handle.”) He’s even tried offering to wash the dishes himself (“Sherlock are you feeling alright? Maybe you should go lie down.”)
Mycroft smiled hollowly in an expression eerily devoid of emotion. “A great man, maybe, but not a good one. He did this to himself,” he gestured vaguely to their rather morbid surroundings.
He managed to slip back into a peaceful sleep filled with more recovered memories of himself and John running about London solving the most gruesome of murders and the most heinous of crimes.
But his blood had gone cold, freezing him in place like a marble statue. He should have told him, but then Sherlock surely would’ve stayed. And of course that was what John wanted, but he trusted Sherlock. Trusted him with his life. He’d never trusted anyone more, not even the other members of his team in Afghanistan, and that was saying something. If Sherlock truly felt he needed to leave, then he probably did, as much as it pained John to think about.
John wrapped his coat tighter around himself as he stepped into the large walk-in freezer, wandering towards Sherlock who was crouched down in the middle of examining a trail of something across the floor. Blood, he realized as he got closer.
“Very good, Mycroft. I have to say, I’m impressed. Looks quite real.”
Sherlock swatted at his hands. “’S comfy,” he whined.
“What? Nothing?”
” Sherlock’s breath came out in large gasps that wracked tremors through his entire body.
The cab turns a rather violent corner and John nearly knocks his skull against the window. He’s startled when a hand comes to rest atop his own. It seems Sherlock has been unbalanced as much as John from the harsh corner that the cabbie has just taken, and that this motion is solely meant to be a steadying one. At least this is what John thinks. But then Sherlock’s hand stays there and John thinks that perhaps, there is more to that rather suspicious gesture than meets the eye.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, although there was a suspiciously joyful glint to them. “There’s nothing wrong with me John. It’s for an experiment.”
when frozen.”
“Please,” Sherlock begs, tugging John’s hips closer. “I’m ready.
” He screeched, clutching at his face and smearing large streaks of blood across his too-pale cheeks.
the sweet scent of his shampoo and a mix of chemicals—remnant evidence of the many experiments he’d conducted.
“This desk. Think it looks sturdy?”
They stopped in front of a grave, clearly recently dug, marked
Sherlock Holmes had a best friend.
“I think that’s rather the point,” Sherlock murmurs.
“I have.”
It was lucky, he supposed, that John didn’t live here anymore. It certainly made it easier to break in and collect his things, though a part of him kept glancing towards the stairs, heart inexplicably leaping into his throat at the thought of John walking down them at any moment.
******
It had only been a week—arguably the longest, worst week of his life—since he’d watched as his best friend flung himself from the rooftop of the hospital. John could still hear the resounding crack of Sherlock’s body hitting the cold pavement, his warm blood pooling into the concrete. It was a cruel image his mind couldn’t seem to shake.
John chuckles and pulls Sherlock in for another kiss, this one much less innocent than the previous few they’ve just shared.
John met Sherlock back at the door a moment later, carrying a small, black tarp that had been conveniently covering some of the boxes.
“And I have to stop it?”
It was a simple answer, really.
Normally, this would be where John’s nightmare took an even darker twist as he screamed and screamed for Sherlock to wake up. Begged and pleaded with him as the pool of blood grew bigger until it reached John’s feet, rising up his legs until he was drowning in it, filling his lungs until he was unable to scream at all.
“There’s a storm,” Sherlock said, as though that was explanation enough.
Sherlock immediately pulls back as though he’s burned John, worry etched across his features.
Upon Sherlock’s insistence—which meant one too many insightful deductions about their day-to-day lives and oddly elaborate threats of painful death—the paramedics agreed that as long as John stayed with him, he could go home. They’d determined the drugs Sherlock had been injected with were simply a variation of sedatives and there would be no serious effects from them, they merely needed to be slept off. Plus, John figured dealing with a drugged Sherlock couldn’t be too different from dealing with an every-day Sherlock.
John sat bolt upright, fully alert now—he definitely wasn’t imagining that noise.
******
“I’ve upset you.”
” Sherlock breathed, his voice dropping an octave. Then he closed his eyes and let out the most obscene moan John had ever heard. He diligently shifted his hips away from Sherlock’s in an attempt to avoid as much embarrassment as possible.
“Of course. Always, Sherlock.”
******
They’d checked
“You should change,” he finally said, gesturing to Sherlock’s blood-soaked trousers.
An exclamation of “Sher– lock–
Sherlock immediately dropped to his haunches, silver-blue eyes taking in every single detail, looking far too cheerful considering the circumstances. Then again, the man did equate murder with Christmas.
Sherlock surprised John for what was likely the millionth time that day when he reached up and slowly brushed his thumb across John’s bottom lip, his eyes darting between John’s eyes and his lips.
“Hmm,” Sherlock hummed. “Those men. They killed our victim. They were hired.”
John’s fingers went completely limp and slipped from his. His breaths stoppped. The monitor flatlined. Sherlock was shoved out of the way and the world blurred once more.
“Sherlock,” John sighs. “I’m not an invalid.”
“Hmm,” Sherlock offered noncommittally, not looking up from the spot on the floor he had been staring intently at for the past hour or so.
John makes sure to shut and lock his bedroom door to prevent Sherlock from wandering back in—unlikely as it is, the man does have no concept of personal space—and he quickly and efficiently takes care of the rather inconvenient side effect waking next to Sherlock has had on his body. He is unable to stop himself from gasping his flatmate’s name and claps a hand over his mouth as the waves of pleasure course through him.
Sherlock huffed, the heat of his breath against the crown of John’s head inexplicably warming his entire body. “Let them,” Sherlock whispered, his lips tickling John’s head as they moved against it.
body that hit the water.
Mycroft snorted. “Is that what he said his name was?”
“Sherlock!”
“John,” was all he said.
Sherlock shifted in his chair, the corner of his mouth tugging upwards into a small smirk. “Or perhaps I’m just that smart.”
He places a hand over John’s for a moment before gently pulling it away to unbutton the rest of his shirt. He undresses with motions of quick efficiency, his eyes never leaving John’s.
“Anything?” Sherlock asks. John doesn’t miss the suggestive tone of his voice or the curl of his smile against his bare shoulder.
“Yes, but he never did like it. Always insisted on everyone calling him
“It’s my bed, actually,” Sherlock notes. “And I’m checking on you. Making sure you’re still breathing.”
“Good point,” John said, pausing for a moment before adding, “alright.”
he’d thought to himself: a potential flatmate that he didn’t want to strangle within seconds of meeting. Perhaps this could prove to be a fruitful arrangement after all.
“Upstairs?” John asked. “Won’t have to worry about those men coming back.” He shifted uncomfortably, clearly remembering with a rush of heat to his cheeks the feel of Sherlock’s lips, soft and gentle against his own.
When it became clear after a moment that John would not be releasing Sherlock anytime soon, he began to relax slightly into the embrace, and even wrapped his own arms around John, resting one across his back and the other against the nape of his neck.
he thought to himself—simply hoping he would return one day as if he wasn’t supposed to be dead. How he wished he could. He wasn’t supposed to be back here, Mycroft didn’t even know he was here—someone could see him. But he had to collect some of his things; just enough that no one would notice they were missing, not even John.
“John? Is John all right?” Sherlock asked as he rushed over. The silence spoke volumes.
******
“Her purse,” John echoed.
” John exclaimed.
“You’re shivering.”
“I’ll be fine.”
Gunshots. The metallic stench of blood. Darkness. Pain. Screams. Cries for help.
“We’ve got all the time in the world,” John mumbles into Sherlock’s hair. He’s not sure why he says it, but he does, and it feels
in a car, he supposed no one would see if he just–
Sherlock was nearly asleep when John returned and placed the blanket across the bed, tucking the corners around Sherlock to keep the heat in. Sherlock burrowed deep under the blankets, clinging to them as though his very life depended on it.
Instinctively, he took Sherlock’s pulse—it was faster than normal, but not alarmingly so—silently thanking God for his extensive in-combat medical training.
“Excellent aim,” Sherlock praised, the corner of his mouth twitching upwards for a fleeting moment.
Much to John’s disappointment, Sherlock settles at the opposite end of the sofa, rather than next to him as he normally does. Okay, up against him. Okay, more like
idea.”
“Sherlock?” John asked, tugging at the other man’s sleeve. “You alright?”
John let out a rather shaky breath and collapsed with his back against the edge of the chair. Sherlock slumped beside him, willing himself to catch his breath.
The man took a step forward, then another, then mumbled something that Sherlock couldn’t quite make out due to the mask and the considerable distance left between them.
“Still cold.”
John wordlessly joined in the search, vigilantly checking in all the nooks and crannies one could possibly hide in.
John swallowed as he turned the knob with a shaking hand and gave the door a gentle push. He squinted in the darkness; it seemed he’d been right, a thin layer of dust that wasn’t present in the rest of the flat had settled on everything in the room. John sucked in a breath as he stepped across the threshold into the room—and nearly tripped on a multitude of plant pots, each filled with a small, pure white flower. The pots all had a different amount and type of soil in them—experiment, then—and John found himself breaking out into a fit of slightly hysterical laughter. It was so utterly
“Of course,” he croaks.
“I’m so glad you decided to move in,” Mrs. Hudson said. “It would have been far too lonely with just me here.”
The taxi hit a bump, jostling John from his thoughts and causing Sherlock to snuggle even closer to John, if that was at all possible.
Chapter title from the song Out Of My League
It had been long. Too long.
“What if the password is something to do with someone who loves
. Well, okay, he’s not so much eating as licking his favourite jam from his fingers in an unnecessarily seductive manner that’s about to make John spin on his heel and head back to his room to take matters into his own hands—quite literally—for the second time that morning. But Sherlock is
the wheels of his brilliant mind turning. It was quite enjoyable to watch, really. The detective brought his hands to his chin and steepled his fingers there. His brow furrowed slightly and his eyes darted back and forth, presumably as he sifted through his thoughts.
“Wha–? Sherlock!” John called, running after him. “What did you find?” he asked once they were back in the elevator.
Sherlock splashed his way over to the body, his heart pounding in his chest. He effortlessly turned the body over to discover with great relief that it was Carter. He must have hit his head when he tumbled off the edge and into the water.
Mycroft said nothing.
“He’s somewhere in here, then?” John asked, gesturing to the freezer filled with boxes upon boxes of various ice cream treats.
Sherlock shifts and sighs into John’s neck then smacks his lips as he wakes, rubbing the haze of sleep from his eyes. His eyes meet John’s for a moment and he gives the doctor a small, tentatively genuine smile. And then John is lost, floating in a sea of the blues and greens and silvers of Sherlock’s eyes and maybe he really will die from this love. Maybe it will burn him up, from the inside out. Take him apart piece by piece. Bit by bit. What a lovely way to go, John thinks.
“Remember what?” Sherlock exploded.
Sherlock looked positively affronted. “Well who else would I do it with?”
John went back to reading his book.
“Sherlock, what are you doing in my bed?” John asked, rolling over to find Sherlock’s face alarmingly—but not unwelcomingly—close to his own.
“Ah. Lovely,” Sherlock said, his words still slightly slurred from the long-term effects of the drugs. “John?”
“Yes–?”
to find this bomb.
“Sherlock,” he managed to choke out as he stumbled towards the figure in the doorway. He collided into Sherlock, the force of his small body throwing them both backwards against the doorframe. In an instant, John had his arms wrapped around Sherlock so tightly he nearly risked smothering him.
John nearly fainted.
Despite all the experiments that ended with a potentially harmful smoke lingering in the air, or how many things Sherlock had deemed necessary to lick at a crime scene, John had never seen the man quite so sick. Or sick at all, for that matter.
John carefully opened the door of two-twenty one b, wincing at the creak that echoed through the hallways as it swung open. He paused a beat, holding his breath. When he was sure Mrs. Hudson was still fast asleep, he crept into the sitting room, eyes darting around the space. Just as Mrs. Hudson had said to him in the cemetery, she hadn’t touched a single thing, save for a bit of dusting.
“What do you want?” John asks. “Tell me what you want.”
He sat up and grabbed John’s shoulders, a huge grin spread wide across his face.
It had been a long week. Over the past seven days Sherlock had solved thirteen cases, been shot at on six different occasions, rescued John from his would-be kidnapper, and received a fairly decent knock to the noggin with a baby stroller.
Before he knew it, the paramedics were at Sherlock’s side, telling John to back away so they could do their jobs. Their words were indistinct as they filtered through the haze of his mind. As he pulled back slowly, reluctantly doing as they asked, he felt a hand catch his and hold fast, refusing to let go. Sherlock had a surprisingly strong grip considering he’d just been drugged with what could be assumed to be a particularly potent mix of chemicals.
“I did.”
friend,” he added when Sherlock said nothing in response.
After a long moment of tension-filled silence, the cabbie gave an indignant huff and turned the heat up, as requested.
“Hey,” John said, stepping towards Sherlock. “It’s not your fault. You couldn’t have known.”
The second Martin McDonald—according to Sherlock’s deductions, the culprit in a particularly gruesome murder—advances towards Sherlock a few days after the couch incident, John intercepts him without a moments hesitation. He tackles him to the ground where Martin pulls a knife out, waving it wildly like a feral animal in John’s direction. John just barely manages to dodge the first and second lunge of the knife, the gleaming blade flashing in the bright moonlight.
******
John gives him one more quick kiss, leaving the promise of so much more in its wake, and then stands, pulling the detective up with him. They stumble down the hallway as their kissing resumes, John guiding Sherlock—and also mostly holding him up because it seems his legs have stopped functioning altogether.
Sherlock shifts and John can feel his eyelashes flutter against his neck as he wakes. Sherlock stills as he realizes his body is tangled with John’s, then seems to relax into John when he realizes his arms are also wrapped around him, returning the embrace.
it was, only that he could get drunk from it. John snuck out onto the fire escape of Mike’s flat with his bounty in hand.
“Don’t go,” John demanded weakly.
As per usual, John lets out a positively sinful sigh and stretches. Sherlock’s eyes are briefly drawn to the pale line of John’s stomach that is exposed by the motion—something that doesn’t seem to escape John’s notice. He grins and presses a kiss to Sherlock’s temple, then collects the dishes and stands over the sink as it fills.
Moriarty tutted. “No, no, no, Sherlock. It won’t be that simple. Do you think I’m stupid?”
“I’m not joking,” Sherlock said. “Think think thinkthinkthink. Oh!” he exclaimed. “That’s brilliant!”
They continued swaying in time to the music with John taking the lead more confidently now.
“Of course I am,” Sherlock retorted. “This was
John nearly collided with a woman on his way out of the morgue.
Tedious. Yet he gave a small nod anyways—not willing to risk moving too much in his current state—and shut his eyes, letting John’s soft voice carry him into a peaceful sleep.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. He set his empty mug down beside his chair and shuffled towards the fireplace. Within minutes a fire was roaring, sending wonderful ripples of heat shivering through the air.
But not this. Never this. Sherlock hated it. He hated it. They should be at home, not here in this stupid gallery, cold and alone with the sound of the gun firing still echoing in his ears as Sherlock tried to count. “Twenty-eight... twenty-nine... thirty... Come on John, please breathe for me,” he begged.
The cardiac monitor began beeping in a desultory pattern of warning. A nurse rushed into the room and began to take Sherlock’s vitals.
“Stay,” Sherlock croaked pitifully. “Please. Stay.”
“Yep, just fine,” Sherlock squeaked as he sidestepped John and made a rather desperate beeline for the elevator.
Because of those three days, sixteen hours, fifty-one minutes and seventeen seconds, they never have to live another moment without knowing how utterly deep their love for one another truly is, always has been, and always will be.
Sherlock stirs, roused by the movement and gives a small hum of approval, snuggling deeper into John’s neck, his lips now brushing the sensitive skin there. John relaxes bonelessly into the sheets, feeling more at ease than he has in– well, ever, really, if he’s being honest with himself. He silently resigns himself to being content—okay, quite a bit more than content—with having a lie-in with his flatmate. His friend. His
“A few nights ago, on the couch. That’s the only time I’ve ever even
Sherlock didn’t respond. He stared blankly out the window, craning his neck to look at the door to the flat one last time as the car accelerated and pulled out into the street. A stray, unbidden tear rolled down Sherlock’s cheek and he hurriedly wiped it away, silently cursing himself for what laughable control he had over his emotions.
Sherlock’s responding groan sounded more dinosaur than Sherlock Holmes in nature. John decided it would probably be best not to press the issue.
clue, did he? It baffled John how someone so smart could be so stupid when it came to particular matters.
Lestrade stared at John for a moment, mouth agape before looking over to where Sherlock was currently stretching out his back
Sherlock’s gaze meets John’s, his eyes round and wide.
“–Brother!” they shouted in unison.
He heard the crunch of gravel beneath the tires before he saw the sleek black car, pulling up to the curb beside him. He hastily swiped at his cheeks before clambering into the back seat of the car.
“Hmm? Yes, I have to get back to work,” the doctor said, replacing the plastic chair in its respective corner.
Needless to say, from then on, only one bedroom was needed in two twenty-one B Baker Street.
“Body,” Sherlock said, pointing downstream as he walked past Detective Inspector Lestrade—he was not as incompetent as the rest of them, but still utterly useless all the same.
“I know.”
“Hmm? Ah, yes. W–wonderful John.” Sherlock uncharacteristically stumbled through his words—perhaps those men had frightened him more than he’d let on.
“Woah, there.” John clutched Sherlock’s hips to steady him and prevent him from tumbling backwards off the sofa as he wobbled precariously in John’s lap. In response, Sherlock looped his long arms around John’s neck and dropped his head into the crook of John’s neck, letting out a long sigh.
“Where is it?”
Once all of John’s still slightly damp clothing has been deposited on the bathroom floor, Sherlock takes him by the arms and tries to help him step into the bathtub. John stills him with a hand pressed to the detective’s chest. He lets his fingers wander until they’re tugging at the top button of Sherlock’s shirt.
John smiled to himself, though it was a hollow, sad thing, devoid of any emotion that resembled so much as a single modicum of happiness. His eyes were drawn to
“I thought I’d hit him,” John said, crouching next to Sherlock.
John pat the bed next to him. “You’re welcome to sleep here if it’ll make you feel better.”
“Why Sherlock? Why would you do that?” John asked once he felt Sherlock was not in immediate danger of losing consciousness from his panicked, sporadic breaths.
“And I’m not arguing with you right now. We do this together,” John insisted, dropping to his knees next to Sherlock in order to study the bomb.
Sherlock gives him a non-committal shrug. “Well, I suppose it worked.”
John raised an eyebrow.
“Then come on, John. Say yes. We’ll go on a weekend. Mrs. Hudson can take Rosie. We can even choose a boringly safe one. Like this one,” Sherlock waved a file wildly in the general direction of John’s chair. “Look! Art theft. Can’t be too dangerous, right? A new painting disappears every night from the gallery, and only a child’s drawing is left in its place. No trace of DNA. Nothing on the security cameras. No witnesses. The perfect crime. I’ve already figured out when their next theft will likely take place.”
Sherlock blinked, inexplicably returning to reality for a brief moment.
John tucked the worn blanket under his arm, taking care not to trip over the ends as he crept back into Sherlock’s bedroom.
A single glance at Sherlock reveals that he is deep in thought—at least he seems to be, as far as John can tell. One can never be quite sure when it comes to Sherlock Holmes.
Less than twenty minutes later, long after Sherlock had solved the case—and shouted at an innumerable number of apparently incompetent New Scotland Yard officers, namely Anderson—he was sniffling and his entire body was shaking rather violently with the chill. John had long since lost track of how many times the detective had sneezed.
John Watson, to be his and only his.
“All good?” John asked.
“Of course. They’ll be here in about thirty, maybe forty minutes.”
“You’re sure you don’t need anything?”
“Good,” Sherlock praised him. “Now to the right first. Yes, like that. Feet together now. Good. Now step back with your right. Yes. To the left. Feet together now. Excellent John. And again. Forward. Right. Together. Back. Left. Together.”
“Oh, thank you dear.” The woman sniffled and pulled out a handkerchief to gingerly dab at her eyes with.
” Sherlock snarled.
Sherlock Holmes had John Watson.
“I know,” Sherlock responded, jumping out of the elevator and into the lobby before the doors had fully opened.
******
“My best friend,” Sherlock said quietly. He’d never been good at feelings.
“I have–” Sherlock’s breath hitched and he gave a small gasp before hastily clearing his throat and continuing. “I have to– His network. It’s vast. As long as it exists, you’re all in danger. Because of me. I have to dismantle it, from the inside out.”
And so, if they stayed in bed for the rest of the day—and perhaps the next day as well—who could blame them?
John had been trying and failing to fill the Sherlock Holmes shaped void in his heart, yet there it remained, as black and deep as ever. It was like a black hole had ripped through the center of his heart, threatening to pull the rest of him into its inky, pitch-dark void.
******
******
After what felt like hours, the tea was finally ready. John took a long sip of the piping hot liquid, relishing in the feel of it burning down his throat and into his stomach, warming him slightly from the inside out.
“I’m fine,” John firmly reassures him. “Sherlock, I’m
Sherlock’s blood ran ice cold, his mind reeling. No, it couldn’t be.
“I believe that,” John said, and he did.
him. John wants it
“Mind if I read to you?” John asked, seemingly procuring a book from thin air. Through his squinted eyes, he could just make out the fact that it was some sort of crime fiction novel.
John avoided Sherlock’s eyes as he began to unbutton his own shirt, discarding it in the same manner as Sherlock had with his, throwing it down by the foot of the bed. People were certainly going to talk now.
John groaned as he forced his stiff limbs to climb the stairs up to two twenty-one B. The way Sherlock was moving, just a few steps ahead of him, without his usual feline-like grace was indication that he was feeling no better than John. Sherlock’s deduction had been alarmingly accurate: Lestrade had been at the warehouse by nine the next morning.
“Oh. Though you’d finished planning everything.”
“He knew we were following up on a lead, not actually pursuing the killer who happened to be here. It’s late, he won’t realize anything’s amiss until we don’t show up tomorrow morning.”
Sherlock lifted a tiny remote and pressed a button on it. A light, classical melody filled the room.
John tugs at the hem of his t-shirt, pulling him back down on top of him.
Once they were back in hotel room twenty-one, John forced himself to focus as Sherlock laid out the contents of the suitcase across the small couch then stepped back, steepling his fingers under his chin as he studied them.
John is ninety-nine percent sure Sherlock was wearing pyjamas when they woke up, given how closely they were entangled. Which means Sherlock deliberately
“Excellent plan, John. You have your gun?”
He squints when he sees something soft and pale appear in front of him: a hand.
“We have a couch.”
Sherlock grinned at John. John grinned back.
Sherlock squinted at the man, crinkling his brow. Familiar. He looked so familiar.
“’M like you, John Watson,” Sherlock drawled as he clambered into the taxi, maneuvering his long limbs with the grace equivalent to that of a hippopotamus. “You very nice.”
“See,” Moriarty said with a sickening grin. “Now we’re getting somewhere.”
None of it was real.
“Hmph,” John says articulately.
Thankfully, Lestrade finished with them quite quickly and sent them on their way. Sherlock was gone in a flurry of Belstaff and already climbing into a cab when John caught up to him outside the hotel.
John.”
“I’ll be back, John,” Sherlock assured him. “Won’t even notice I’m away.”
“Sherlock,” John said after a moment, his voice grave. “There’s no time. This is impossible.”
“Christ, Sherlock. What the
Sherlock pulled off his housecoat and discarded it with an overly dramatic toss across the room before climbing into the bed. John followed him shortly and they lay there for a moment, awkwardly staring into the darkness.
“Sherlock? How did you get here?” John asked, walking up to him. “Wait. Let me guess: you knew he was staying here from the…dust particles on the clothes he was wearing? And the way he’d styled his hair with products from the hotel. Probably also from the pillow marks on his face specific only to the pillows used at this hotel.”
“Sherlock!” John screamed as the needle was plunged into Sherlock’s neck and its contents emptied into his body.
“I wanted you,” Sherlock said matter-of-factly.
Sherlock tentatively leans forwards and softly presses his lips against John’s. John wraps his arms around Sherlock, his fingers gripping at his waist in an attempt to pull him forwards more.
After scanning the lobby with gazes similar to that of a hawk, the men finally left, disappearing into the elevator. John kissed Sherlock for a moment longer—just in case the men happened to come back—before he stepped back. He kept one arm wrapped around Sherlock’s skinny waist, the other holding onto the front of his coat, seeing as it appeared Sherlock wasn’t currently able to support his own weight.
“But you’re not.”
He is met with soft, rhythmical puffs of breath against his neck from the now-sleeping Sherlock. John smiles and soon follows Sherlock into slumber.
John continued to take larger steps forward than necessary and smaller steps backward, until he was sure Sherlock was doing the same, bringing them alarmingly close together. Suddenly Sherlock’s tall frame was looming over him, his piercing bright blue eyes seemingly boring directly into John’s very soul.
The streets had long since darkened outside the windows of the flat and the music had stopped playing long ago. Yet still they swayed in the dark, holding on to one another almost painfully tight.
“Good,” John said.
he thought to himself,
followed by a series of absolutely heart-wrenching mewls.
Sherlock stares blankly at him for a moment before his brain seemingly reboots and he gives a small nod. “Thank you, John.”
he thought.
” Sherlock manages to mumble as he catches his breath.
“Sherlock,” John said. He sounded weary: tired of having innocent people’s lives rest in his hands. They
******
“John? John?? Say you’re alright. Please,” Sherlock begged, ripping his scarf off to press against the wound. It soaked through in seconds, a large puddle forming on the floor and soaking into the knees of his trousers. His coat came off next and he pressed it to John’s body with as much force as he could muster with his shaking hands.
“John!” came a shout from upstairs.
John rolled his eyes, but decided against arguing further and dutifully followed Sherlock up to room twenty-one.
“Slept on it funny, eh?” he asked.
They clambered into the back seat of the cab Lestrade had hailed for them and John gave the cabbie their address at Baker Street.
“Who loves me?” Sherlock asked in confusion, drawing a blank in his mind palace.
Sherlock didn’t
Sherlock procured his phone from the side pocket of his robe and got the timer ready.
“What did he say?” Sherlock asked, thinking aloud. “’Lovely to make your acquaintance. I want you. Kill everyone you love.’”
“Oh. Where’d you get that then?”
Sherlock reached across John to collect his phone from its place on the side table. He frowned as he read the message. His frown turned to a slight pout.
Sherlock’s breath hitches. His long fingers twitch against the warmth of John’s skin. It looks like he’s about to cry, John thinks. Sherlock Holmes doesn’t cry. He doesn’t feel. Apparently, both of those things are not true when it concerns John.
“S’ cold, John. So cold.” He curled closer, pulling his leg up on the seat until it was pressed across John’s very warm thigh.
“I’ll know it when I see it,” Sherlock mumbled distractedly.
******
Sherlock gives a small shrug, an emotion that John can’t quite place passing across his face for a brief moment.
“Who are you?” Sherlock asked.
The alcohol burned pleasantly as it made its way down his throat, contrasting against the chill of the night air.
******
“Not so bad indeed,” Sherlock replied, flashing John one of his rare, genuine smiles.
“Oh,” exclaims John with a grunt.
Sherlock pulled the sheets up to his chin, as if it were possible to simply hide from all his problems.
John decided not to mention that there wasn’t any wind at all that night.
“Yeah, that’s the one.”
John thought.
“Then why are you doing that with your hand?”
“No? Yes? Huh?”
“We’ll need to stay warm,” Sherlock said, his mind seemingly kick-starting into action. “It’s likely Lestrade won’t come until tomorrow morning, that gives us–” Sherlock checked the time on his phone, “–eight hours, give or take an hour or so—Lestrade’s mind is impossibly slow.”
John and Carter were now edging dangerously close towards the embankment of the Thames—completely oblivious to their proximity to it—their focus resting solely on their brawl. Sherlock stumbled towards them, still clutching at his nose with one hand. It was possible he’d even got a concussion from the sheer force of the punch.
“Thanks?” Lestrade said, his confusion evident from the telling lilt at the end of the word—Sherlock had long since decided confusion was most likely the man’s main state.
******
“Not a clue,” Sherlock responded. He steepled his trembling hands under his chin and closed his eyes, replaying the conversation with Moriarty over and over in search of any clues he might have missed.
“Oh god, yes. And Sherlock?”
“He wh– Oh,” Sherlock paused as realization sunk in.
“Sherlock,” John hisses into the dark, because he can’t see where the detective has gone. He can’t see much of anything, in fact, unless it’s extremely close to him.
John carefully lowered himself a fraction, still keeping a fairly respectable distance between them.
And here was John, sitting faithfully by his side while he recovered, keeping him company and reading to him—awful crime fiction, no less. Now
He swiftly made his escape, grabbing an unnamed bottle of some type of alcohol from Mike’s kitchen cabinet—at this point, he wasn’t really concerned about
******
Sherlock slumped to the floor as the masked man ran off­—the Cold-Blooded killer, they were calling him. John ran to Sherlock, dropping to his knees by his side.
The man fiddled with the painting for a few moments before John tugged at Sherlock’s sleeve.
He pulled up a rather uncomfortable looking plastic chair and sunk down onto it.
“You don’t remember?”
Sherlock gave a sharp nod, turning his focus back to the venomous spider on the other end of the line.
“I’m really not mad at you, Sherlock. I just–”
John woke in the middle of the night with a fairly intense amount of pain throbbing through his bad shoulder. He blinked the sleep from his eyes and glanced around the darkened bedroom, squinting as his eyes adjusted to the lack of light. As he continued to wake and return to reality, he suddenly became aware of a weight pressed against his lap.
He hauled him onto the shore just as the police arrived—rather pointless, they were. John was shivering something fierce, but after a quick once-over, Sherlock was quite satisfied to find that he hadn’t actually been injured from the fall. He collected his Belstaff from where it had been hastily discarded on the ground and placed it around John’s shoulders before sending him off with the paramedics.
Oddly enough, the Sherlock in his memories was nothing like the Sherlock he remembered. He had no recollection of John, yet he seemed to be Sherlock’s– friend? That couldn’t be right—he didn’t have
