“J-John-” The man turned, looking at Sherlock with relief so intense it must have hurt.
You lose – JW
“Sherlock! There should be a command on the tablet, hit confirm. Now!” Sherlock scrambled to obey, blinking through the tears as his skull felt as though it was being shredded.
“How can I calm down Geoff? I’ve just killed the only man I’ve ever loved!”
“How in the Hell did you survive that? A burn that size should have killed you, or at the very least destroyed your muscles to the point of permanent incapacitation.” He pointed his scanner at the wounds and read the data that popped up on the screen. “Signs of a healed infection in both the burn and the cut. Seriously, you shouldn’t be alive right now.” Sherlock laughed hollowly again, drawing John’s attention back to his face. His jaw was tight and there were tears in his eyes. He looked as though he was in pain.
"Yeah, but you keep looking at him like he's the most appetizing thing you've ever seen."
John pushed himself to his feet, his instincts kicking back in as he watched the creature kick the Siren through the skies. His people called the massive black thing a Hope, the equivalent of a Kraken from the legends of Old Earth. They were rare and those that did exist were not free, usually enslaved by bounty hunters or leaders of colonies.
“Don’t sign the contract John.” Sherlock was flushed and breathless.
He pulled out a match and struck it, dropping it into the bowl.
Sherlock was dressed in a perfectly tailored suit, the jacket and trousers black with a silver trim. His shirt was a dark, rich purple that made his already porcelain skin look perfect in the glittering lights of the ballroom. Lestrade must have enlisted Irene to choose an outfit for him. He would have to remember to thank her later.
“Tempt me again!” He shouted, aiming at their heads.
"Good." John's grin was wide and happy as he pressed a final kiss to Sherlock's lips before stepping back. "I love you. See you tomorrow Tiny Dancer."
"I had nothing to do with that-"
“Sherlock? Hey, can you hear me?” He brushed the damp curls from the pale skin, feeling an emptiness settle over his chest. “Sherlock? Please answer me.” He felt for the young man’s pulse, finding it weak and unsteady.
Sherlock had a concussion, three cracked ribs and a laceration on his stomach that required stitches. It also turned out that the great Mr. Sherlock Holmes was one of the worst patients John had ever seen. Once he woke up, he immediately started whining and throwing a tantrum of epic proportions.
John. Sherlock had to warn him.
“I’ll call you before-” His voice cracked and he cleared his throat. “You don’t have to answer, but I think I’d want to hear your voice one last time.” Sherlock nodded, taking the phone and slipping it into his pocket.
“Come here Mouse, let me look at your hand.” She timidly offered her hand to John, her eyes never leaving Sherlock.
"What?"
Mycroft knew his little brother was planning something, Sherlock would never just ask him to have dinner with them, no matter what his new boyfriend offered him. He only agreed to join them because he wanted to get to know this John character.
"F-Fu- J-John-"
The team members that had bullied Sherlock apologized profusely, sending looks John's way that bordered on terrified, and for good reason. John was fully intending on making them pay for hurting Sherlock.
Since he could remember, he had been shoved in various dungeons, chained to the walls so The Spider's clients could have their way with him. It was all he had known, and the thought of someone wanting to change that terrified him. He didn't even have a name, his clients would just call him whatever they pleased, if anything at all.
John hoped he was right.
John kissed and bit at the skin of Sherlock's chest as he slipped each button from it's hole, teasing Sherlock's nipples as they were exposed. Sherlock shifted his hips, grinding back against John's crotch and moaning as he felt the hardness pressing against him through too many layers of clothes.
"Don't worry Love, I would never treat you like that unless you wanted it." John whispered, brushing the curls out of Sherlock's face and smiling fondly at him. "So, no nappies or age-play, just us." Sherlock nodded, biting his lip as he slid out of his chair, straddling John's hips and threading his fingers through the older man's hair. "Is that what you want?" He could hear John fighting to keep his voice from shaking and smirked, leaning in and pressing a kiss to the sensitive skin behind his ear.
"No."
“Shit, right. Sorry, uh, c-come on in Greg.” He stepped around Sherlock, letting his friend into the flat. “Sherlock, this is Greg. Greg, this is-”
“Mikey, where is he? I-I need- it’s my-”
“How do you know its not?” John shrugged, taking a swig of his beer. “Anyway, what I mean is do like a séance or something.”
“He has to know this isn’t his fault, right? Sherlock? Are you here Love?”
“Yeah, could you do me a huge favour? Go grab Sherlock’s little case and bring it here?” She nodded and scurried off, returning a few minutes later with the small pouch. Greg stuffed it in his pocket and crossed his arms. “Alright Sherlock, I know you’re mad at John, but I kind of need a hand here. Just help me get him upstairs then you can go back to pouting.” He felt the hair at the back of his neck stand on end. “Come on, I know you’re there. Either you help me, or I leave John out here.”
“N-No, I want to- I-I just- how can this work John?”
"I love you too John."
"Right, we have advanced chemistry together." Sherlock blinked rapidly, nodding shyly and blushing again, tugging at the hem of the loose t-shirt he was now wearing. "I didn't know you danced." Sherlock's blush deepened and he shrugged, avoiding John's gaze.
from his chest as his mind went blank.
John's lips pressed against his own and he felt himself relaxing almost instantly, sighing into the kiss as John traced his sides softly.
He pushed the green button and a new song filled the air, sending a chill along John’s spine. He watched in horror as Sherlock’s body went limp for several seconds before tensing. He looked at John and his eyes were empty and cold.
“Sh-Sherlock-”
“Good. See you then.” The line went dead and John felt a wave of uncertainty wash over him. He sat at the kitchen table for a while, worrying at his bottom lip and debating whether he should go or not. He jumped a little when he felt Sherlocks arms wrap around his chest. He hummed appreciatively when he felt his lover start to suck a mark onto his shoulder.
The touch felt weird, Sherlock’s icy fingers sending harsh jolts of electricity over John’s skin. He heard Sherlock gasp at the touch and knew he must have felt the same.
The voice of the detective that had nearly gotten him killed echoed through his head.
It was awkward for a moment, neither boy knowing what to say.
Once his body stopped emptying itself, he stood on shaky legs and stumbled to the bathroom, emptying the bucket into the toilet and rinsing it out. He brushed his teeth, avoiding his reflection in the mirror. He must look like shit.
"What?" John blushed as he realized that he had stopped moving and was staring at Sherlock, who was now blushing and chewing on his bottom lip self-consciously. "I-Is something wrong?"
When he was out of the locker room, he heaved a sigh, letting himself fall back against the wall. He rubbed his hands over his face, fighting to keep his anger down.
Sherlock finally got his trousers open and John lifted his hips so he could pull them off. He stopped once the trousers were gone, looking up at John with wide eyes. John was almost painfully hard, just watching the young man kneeling in front of him.
“Such a good boy. Come up here Gorgeous.” Sherlock climbed into his lap, straddling his hips and tucking his face into the crook of John’s neck. “God you’re perfect. Let me help you with that.” He pulled open Sherlock’s trousers and took him in hand, relishing the gasp that came from the young man.
“Fate?”
"Mrs. Hudson!" Sherlock called from under his blankets, his chest unpleasantly tight. He was due at John's in an hour, but he couldn't bring himself to leave his bed.
“I’ll make you some tea-”
“Only until he found someone he truly loved.”
“What the hell are you talking about Sherlock? You’ve only been in the coma for a year.” Sherlock stepped back, looking terrified and uncertain. John shook his head, blinking rapidly a few times. He tried to speak, but there were no words.
Sherlock, brilliant as always, seemed to read what was going through John's mind. His cheeks darkened and a timid, sly smile pulled at his lips. He stretched dramatically, letting out a soft moan as his joints popped softly. John felt his mouth run dry as he watched Sherlock's little show, and he shook his head, tugging his jeans on and doing his best to scowl at his boyfriend.
Sherlock was kneeling beside the corpse he had been summoned to look at when his phone vibrated.
"Please Mr. Holmes, just look at the case-" Sherlock sighed, rolling his eyes and standing. He made his way over to the window, fighting back a wave of irritation toward the client in his sitting room. "My brother-"
"I have a passport, government identification, and three years worth of taxes that say my name is Jacob Brownstein. Your 'evidence' isn't worth shit, Detective Inspector." Lestrade growled softly before turning and stalking out of the room.
“W-Where’s Sherlock? I-I need to talk to him.”
“Tell him?”
“God, how much power is that using?”
"S-So what- what did they do to her- him, shit- I-I mean, is she- he! Damn it! Is he alright?" John snorted, placing an arm around his friend's shoulders and leading him out onto the practice field.
"I love you too."
He had to get out of this room.
“Uh, yeah. I think I have it written in my book somewhere.” He reached down and grabbed his bag again, fumbling with the zip and tugging out his notebook. He always kept all his codes and information written down, just in case. He handed it to Molly before setting his bag back down.
“I’m sorry Mikey.”
He started slow, letting out soft whimpers with every move. Soon, Sherlock started moving his own his along with John's changing the angle to try to find the right spot.
“Just, trust me, alright? Leave these in until I say, no matter what, okay?” Mike looked uncertain, but followed his instructions.
"S-Sorry-" Sherlock mumbled, blushing as John pulled back slightly and smiled down at him.
“Nothing too impressive. Just a couple of microscopes and some testing equipment.”
"Good to know I'm not the only one."
Moriarty sliced and tore at John’s body for hours, drawing screams of agony and dead laughs from the former soldier.
He scrambled to his feet, still shaking violently, and grabbed his bag. He shoved a handful of clothes into it, along with his new book and his microscope.
“Good. Fall backwards.”
Where was his revolver when he needed it?
“I suppose this means you want my blessing?” John glanced around Sherlock, looking hopefully at Mycroft. “You don’t even need to ask, My Prince. My brother is yours if he chooses you.” John turned his gaze to Sherlock, hope filling his dark blue eyes.
"We did it!"
"Are you suggesting that we blow off the dance, just to stay home and watch Doctor Who?"
“Other than you? Nothing at all.” John grinned and adjusted his position on Sherlock’s lap, giving the younger man better access to his neck. Sherlock’s condition had improved quite a bit over the past few weeks, but John was still slightly hesitant when it came to physical activities. The laceration on his stomach was still mostly open, mainly since Sherlock kept ripping the stitches open.
“I thought you were with Greg?”
"Yes, yes tomorrow then. Good." John laughed as Sherlock nodded, turning to leave. John let his eyes wander down to Sherlock's arse, feeling his cheeks burn slightly.
“John, I-”
This was where he killed himself.
“John, he won’t survive out there. The wolves-”
“You can’t kill me Dr. Watson.” Moriarty giggled, sending a chill along John’s spine. John pulled his gun out of it’s place in his belt and waved it in Moriarty’s direction.
TRIGGER WARNING!!!! More torture in this one....Good Luck babies....
Sherlock gently placed Rosie on the ground and tried to scramble away, ignoring the protests of Mrs. Hudson and his body.
"I bet Greg would figure it out. Think he would watch?" Sherlock coughed to hide the whimper that tried to fall. John had inadvertently discovered his minor exhibitionist kink one day while Sherlock was sucking him off in an alley.
“Yes, it does! You should go there and scream at Mycroft. He fucking killed Sherlock-”
Sherlock had lost track of how long they stayed like that, hands wandering and stealing passionate kisses, when John finally pulled away, sitting up and tugging Sherlock into a sitting position.
“I don’t know. One second he was fine and the next he was on the floor.”
“That’s not my job. Its not the first time he has bailed on filming.” John felt a flare of concern for the younger man and suddenly wished he had gotten Sherlock’s number. He was about to ask if Molly had it when her phone went off.
What struck him was no Energy Storm.
John’s phone pinged, breaking the stillness between them.
“Which one did you take last week? I wrote it down somewhere-” Mike muttered, rifling through his files for his checkout list. Sherlock chuckled, replacing the book he had been carrying on the shelf.
Sherlock turned his phone off, slipping it under his pillow and burrowing further under the blankets. He couldn't face John, not after this.
“Dinner is ready boys.” Sherlock’s mother called, making her way to the end of the table and motioning for everyone to sit. “Take your seats, John you can sit next to William and Greg you are next to Myc.” Everyone sat, John feeling more uncomfortable than he had in a while when he realized how close he was to Mrs. Holmes.
"Babe, it's six in the evening." Sherlock blinked at him for a moment before sending a withering glare at John's alarm clock.
"Sherlock, they're downstairs-"
"No, but you didn't fight to stay. I could have vouched for you-"
He silently climbed out of bed, wincing slightly as his wounds ached. His legs felt weak due to inactivity and he stumbled, catching himself on the bed before he fell.
"I-I'm not a good person to date John-"
"Y-Yes, just a bit sore." John nodded and reached for Sherlock's feet, tugging at the laces of his shoes out of habit. "W-What- what are you doing?"
"Sorry, that was Mum. I've uh- I've got to go. My brother came by for a visit and I need to pick him up at the airport." Greg rolled his eyes, catching the confusion on Sherlock's face.
He had never been more thankful for his logical mind than he was now.
“I’ve got to go. Remember, in the ballroom at eight. Wear your dark blue outfit, it brings out your eyes!” He laughed and dodged a book that was thrown at him.
"Do you still have a tracker in my jacket?" The sigh he got in answer sent a flare of irritation through his mind. "I need you to track it, and tell me where it's going right now."
“When you reach E2, I know.” John’s heart broke for his friend, but he wasn’t going to change his mind. There was no way he would survive this trip, not with his hands in the shape they were. Mikey knew it, he knew that even if John wasn’t leaving to find his death, he wouldn’t make it through another energy storm. “What if I come with you? I-I’ll- I’ll do the busy work on the ship. You won’t even know I’m there.”
He turned back to the window, picking up his violin and playing whatever notes came to his mind.
Sherlock flushed, his brain suddenly flooded inexplicably with arousal because
"Alright Babe, come on then, Mum said she'd have cookies and coco made when we got here."
"He's in the hospital, Sherlock." Dread settled in the pit of his stomach. "A couple officers found him down by the docks around midnight. Looks like he was pumped full of heroin and thrown out of a moving car, same as the others."
“What are you talking about Love?” Victor grabbed his elbow and tried to drag him towards the bathroom. Panic gripped him as the memory became clearer. “Come on, let’s get you cleaned up.”
“What’s wrong?” Sherlock ignored him and grabbed his Star Guide, handing it to John with a serious expression on his beautiful features.
John wasn’t sure if he liked this side of the Ice King.
John moved before he could react, cuffing him to the sconce above and stumbling away.
He fell asleep to the sound of the beasts growling voice, repeating what Moriarty had said to him.
"Don't- stop calling me that! Who are you?"
“I am going to ensure you don’t die of your injuries, and then I’m going to escort you out of these woods and on to safety.” At that, the beast left, leaving the door open just slightly. Sherlock settled back into the numerous pillows behind him, trying to process what had just happened.
All logic told him that the flame would go out as soon as it touched the blood, but that didn’t happen. Instead there was a huge puff of smoke and a flash of light.
“Would you like to go out with me?” The ghost froze, glancing at John with a skeptical look.
Moriarty grabbed his chin and pressed his lips against Sherlock’s. He tried to fight, keeping his lips sealed as tightly as possible and scramble to get the older man off him. Moriarty released his face, gripping his collar and throwing him across the room. His back connected harshly against the opposite wall, knocking the wind from his lungs.
“I warned him.” He muttered as he returned to his work. Killing didn’t bother him anymore, not after the war. He finished mixing the ingredients and grabbed the dagger, pulling the sharp blade across his palm and letting the blood flow. He glanced at Sherlock, quickly taking stock of the man lying on the ground. His wound was bleeding fiercely, and his body was starting to convulse due to pain and blood loss.
"Hey, are you alright? I heard what happened with Anderson." John pulled back and cupped Sherlock's cheek, sending fire along his spine. "He didn't hurt you, did he? Because if he did, I'll fucking kill him." Sherlock shook his head, glancing over at the rest of the team and smiling as Mikey waved at him. John followed his gaze and Sherlock felt his pulse race as a pleased grin pulled at the shorter boy's lips. "I told you they like you." He whispered, pulling Sherlock down for a soft kiss before hurrying off to start practice.
"John."
It was a set of needles and a small vile of heroin.
"Why are you asking me if you should bring a girl home for John?"
"Get fucked, Freak." Anderson snapped, sending Sherlock a glare. John sent Sherlock a warning glance before he could snap back. Sherlock sighed, rubbing a hand over his face and smiling snidely at the officer.
“Must you provoke him? I just got you back, I’m not really too keen on losing you to Greg’s-” Sherlock cut him off with a deep kiss.
"Watson?" He glanced up to see Mikey standing in front of him. The other boy looked terrified, as though John was about to kill someone. "You uh- you okay Mate?" John pushed off the wall, pulling himself to his full height, only an inch or two taller than his friend, but it was enough.
He played for an hour, trying to ignore the file sitting on the table behind him.
“Sherlock?” The raspy voice pulled Sherlock from his painful thoughts. He felt a soft hand on his cheek and loosened his grip on John when he felt the human’s body start to shift. “Hey, what happened? What’s wrong? Talk to me, Gorgeous.” John moved so he was kneeling before Sherlock, wincing slightly as his body stiffened.
"U-Until- until six thirty." John glanced at the clock that hung on the wall, smirking dangerously up at Sherlock as he slid down to his knees. "J-John-"
"Good enough." He released Sherlock's hair and dropped to his knees, pulling Sherlock's trousers and pants down and taking him into his mouth.
“J-John?”
“Sherlock? Is everything alright?”
“Ready Gorgeous?” John quipped, sneaking his hand under Sherlock’s heavy coat and pinching his arse, giggling when the man jumped. Sherlock blushed and glared at him, furiously scribbling at the page before slamming the clipboard down on the counter.
He found the alley that Sherlock said he would be in, coming to a stop as he took in the sight before him.
“Yes Captain.” John’s head dropped back against the back of the sofa as Sherlock’s cold fingers gripped him, stroking him gently a few times before taking him into his mouth.
“Yes, I’m sure he will be fine. What of the tests I requested you run? What were the results?”
"That was-"
“I run his brother’s security force.” John looked shocked, and Sherlock just shrugged. “Small universe eh?” Gavin laughed, his relaxed tone helping Sherlock calm down slightly. “So it’s true then? You got nabbed by The Spider?” Sherlock nodded. “Shit Mate, he marked you?” Sherlock nodded again, blinking away tears. John looked as lost as before, though he seemed to be more concerned with the fact that Sherlock was fighting tears than anything.
Sherlock tried to watch the show, he honestly did, but he could only focus for a few minutes at a time. The Doctor would say something witty, making John laugh and sending Sherlock's head spinning wildly.
"Can we just go to the dance now?" Sherlock pushed the door open, sliding out into the cold evening air. John pushed down the stab of hurt in his chest and followed his boyfriend, grabbing the taller boy's arm. "John-"
“Why won’t you believe me John?”
“I am here John.”
John led Sherlock onto the dancefloor, the crowd parting around them. When they reached the middle of the floor, the music started, a soft familiar song that left Sherlock grinning. John pulled him into his arms and started moving him gently.
"Take your coat off, stay a while." John quipped, taking Sherlock's bag from him and setting it on one of the chairs before gripping his hips and pulling him close. "Hey Tiny Dancer." He whispered, leaning up and catching Sherlock's lips in a soft kiss.
"Shush, let me be happy."
“Priorities, Brother Mine. Now, where is the bullet?”
“You shouldn’t have run Sherlock. I’m going to tear you apart, after you watch your little human pet tear himself apart that is.” John’s voice was breaking and Sherlock could see that his friend didn’t have too much longer.
"Hmm, nope. Don't want to." Sherlock sighed and pushed at John's shoulders, his cheeks burning hotter as the girls started giggling.
The torn skin was not healing well, and he could see the start of an infection building. It wasn’t enough to cause Sherlock to pass out, but it wasn’t good. He did the same to the bandages on his thighs, finding those wounds in a similar state.
"John-"
"Give me a few hours and we'll see." Sherlock laughed, rolling on his side and snuggling close to his doctor, pressing kisses to his neck and shoulder.
“Oh, stop that. John is a good man and has only ever treated you kindly. Now, get some rest.” She left him alone to his thoughts.
"What the fuck was that about John?"
"Hmm, who?" John chuckled again, reaching for his tired boyfriend and ruffling his hair fondly. Sherlock always seemed to forget who Greg was, calling him everything from Gavin to Geoffrey, but never Greg.
“Oi!”
"Ready Tiny Dancer?" He didn't give Sherlock time to respond before pressing his finger into him, pulling a soft keen from his chest.
"What are you planning to do with me?" Sherlock asked finally, his voice rough and soft.
"You going to cry again Pouf? Going to cry like a fucking girl?"
"Two weeks from yesterday." Sherlock nodded, wiping his eyes hurriedly and sighing roughly. "Sherlock-"
A black pair of horns burned themselves into his mind’s eye.
“You look happy, Brother Mine.”
John was attracted to him. He didn't mind that Sherlock was a little strange, that he was obsessed with bees and liked getting his hair tugged. He didn't care that Sherlock had a nasty ex that had hurt him so thoroughly that it would probably take him years to mend his heart.
“Mike still has feelings for you.” Sherlock kicked himself internally. He hadn’t meant to say that out loud. John blushed and sighed, resting his elbows on the railing of the bridge they were crossing.
“Thanks, you aren’t so bad yourself.” John chuckled, his smile lighting up the room.
“Alright, soppy hellos later eh? We have a spell to cast.” Greg grabbed the bag from Mycroft’s hand, pressing a soft kiss to his lover’s cheek before spinning back to the bed. He hurriedly started mixing ingredient’s praying that the spell would work.
John waited until Sherlock was outside before glancing around the room once more, still not seeing the owner. He grabbed his own jacket and stood, waiting until the only waitress was out of his way before bolting for the door.
“Wait, you have legs now? How do you know John?”
"A bunch of us are going to see a movie tonight, wondered if you two wanted to join us. But since you're clearly busy defiling the mirror, I'll just tell everyone y'all are busy."
“You ran away when he told you he found you attractive.” Sherlock pursed his lips, trying to find the right words.
“Y-Yes John.”
When the boat got less than one length away from the creature, John leapt to the very end, his weight pushing the tip of the boat down as he aimed his energy bow. He fired, striking true through the eye of the beast as he pushed off the boat, spinning it around and sending it careening through the skies.
John went about setting up the lab, feeling slightly awkward knowing Sherlock was just there, watching him work. The ghost kept writing out instructions about how he wanted everything laid out.
“Your turn Doc.” Greg said, handing John the dagger. John took it timidly, taking a steadying breath before quickly drawing the blade through his skin. It hurt more than he anticipated, and his hand was shaking as he held it over the bowl. Once he had given enough of his blood, he grabbed a clean cloth and wrapped his hand. This was starting to feel a little too real, making him question his motives. “Alright, now we say the spell, and light everything on fire.” Even Greg sounded tense now.
“Yes, it’s his- how do say- seal. Anything he claims as his own, he brands with that mark.”
John lived on the third floor, a tiny little bedsit that consisted of a kitchen, bathroom, and sitting room/bedroom. The whole thing was less than half the size of Sherlock's own place, and there were almost no personal belongings.
"I love you too, Tiny Dancer."
Sherlock’s body heaved with a relieved sob as he reached for the door.
The Candelabra wasn’t wrong, the deep blue did make his eyes look good.
John was screaming in his arms as the sound made him claw at his ears, trying to make it stop.
Sherlock jumped as he felt a pair of hands grip his hips, startling him out of his thoughts. He tried to squirm away, nearly panicking until he felt the familiar press of lips against his neck.
“But-”
“M-My shirt?” John hesitated, rubbing at his shoulder and fidgeting. He normally didn’t have an issue with people seeing his scar, but Sherlock Holmes was still watching him.
The pale man was grinning wildly, his eyes glinting with mischief. It had been a week since they had first kissed and Sherlock enjoyed surprising John with the touches.
I’m here – MH
He stayed like that until John's shoes appeared between his legs and he felt a hand run through his hair.
"Oi! D'ya mind?" A familiar voice came from the room, and Sherlock found himself shocked back to reality as he took in the sight before him.
Once the fire was going, he returned to the kitchen, hunting through the cupboards for a pair of mugs that weren't too chipped.
"You had better call Lestrade." John continued teasing the man above him.
“Not so fun when you’re the one being crowded, is it?” John growled, placing one of his hands against Sherlock’s chest and holding him in place. He was much stronger than Sherlock had anticipated. “I know you’re in there Sherlock, because if you weren’t, this asshole wouldn’t know how much I love you.”
“Surely after all these years he has figured it out.”
“I said, no.” Sherlock tried to walk away, but found himself held in place by John’s firm hands. Fear filled him as John pushed off the wall, spinning them around and pressing Sherlock against the unforgiving surface.
“I-I love you.” John’s heart swelled at those words. Up until then, Sherlock had only ever said that the ghost Sherlock loved John, this was the first time he had worded it like that. John leaned up and kissed him again, pouring every ounce of emotion he felt into the kiss. “I love you.” Sherlock whispered between kisses. “I love you so much.”
It was soft, tender, and loving. John made sure to put every ounce of emotion and love into every movement, every kiss, every touch.
“No, no don’t speak. The wolf got your throat and the Master doesn’t want you to damage your vocal chords anymore than they already have been. I am assuming this is a long shot, but can you write?” Sherlock feebly nodded, hearing the surprised sound the mysterious voice made at that. “Excellent. That will make communicating with you easier. There is a pad and pen by your hand. Can you reach it?” Sherlock glanced down and saw the pad, taking it painfully in his hand and nodding.
“Nice to meet you Sherlock.” Greg piped up again, sounding confused, but cheerful.
“Yeah, sorry about that. I just realized something that I had been trying to avoid.” The band started to play, a soft, sweet song. Perfect to dance to, of course. Sherlock flushed as the music started, and John felt a swell of affection for the other man.
He was determined to win.
“Fuck!” He shouted, gripping the injured hand tight to his chest and letting the tears fall. He was in pain, not just physical pain. He had lost the only person that gave him a reason to live, and now he couldn’t even ready his own ship to sail away.
John laughed at his phone, shaking his head and rolling his eyes. Sherlock groaned from his spot under the covers of John's bed, poking his head out and sending John a confused glare.
“Does it matter if that person is dead?” The Enchantress smiled, reaching out and taking his hand.
“Well, well.” A voice purred from the wardrobe, the doors opening slightly. “Aren’t you a pretty thing?” Sherlock shifted uncomfortably, it felt as though he was being appraised. “You must be the new prince everyone is talking about.”
"It's fine, Love. I had to meet them eventually-"
“If you would rather not put a label on it right now, that’s fine Sherlock.”
"It's fine, John. We- we knew this was going to happen-"
"You still want to be a pirate Pretty Boy?" Sherlock grinned and nodded, leaning down and kissing John deeply, grinning against his lips.
"I know, he's not forcing me into anything. I'm just- I'm scared. I read that it hurts-" Mrs. Hudson cradled his head and pressed a sweet kiss to his temple.
"We didn't finish the movie." Sherlock blinked at John, uncertainty washing over his mind as he waited for the inevitable snap. "What's wrong? I told you we were going to watch White Christmas, and that's what we're going to do. Unless there's something else you'd rather do instead?"
There was the baker, who always sold the same boring loafs of bread. There was crazy old Anderson, the Potter, who always seemed to be missing something.
“Why not? I thought you said he was safe there?”
“He found someone. Set him free.”
"So." Sherlock said, bouncing his knee anxiously. He hated these talks, they served to make him wait longer before he could have John inside him. "You wanted to talk."
"I'm on my way."
"Would sex make it better?" Sherlock felt the bed shift again and slammed his eyes shut, not quite ready to meet John's eyes.
“I’ve got to go, before the third sun rises. I’ll call when I reach E3.” Mike nodded, stepping back and letting John go. He climbed aboard his small Star Sailor and pushed off the dock, activating his O2 collar and unraveling his sails.
“A-And then, when he was confident I was fully recovered, he tried to kill me.” John sobbed, muffling his cries against the moist skin of Sherlock’s shoulder. He could hear the tears in Sherlock’s own voice and clung desperately to the younger man, trying to comfort him, to let him know that he was alright.
It was the night he left Victor Trevor. The night of his first suicide attempt.
“I won’t live without you, and I know that you will just keep me distracted for the week then I’ll wake up and you’ll be gone.” Sherlock lifted his chin defiantly and tightened his hands into fists. “We save each other, or you leave now.” John reacted as though Sherlock had physically struck him, stepping back and pain filling his eyes.
One day, Mycroft even visited. It led to a fight of epic proportions, Sherlock threatening to kill his brother before Mycroft hit him with his infernal umbrella.
"What's wrong Love?" John's face as split in a slightly confused grin, and Sherlock realized he had stopped dancing.
“W-what?”
When he was turned back the other way, his heart skipped a beat.
“Sherlock-”
“Of course Love.” Sherlock nodded and flickered out of sight, reappearing on the other side of the bed. He furrowed his brow and motioned with his hand, using his ability to manipulate objects to move the blankets. He adjusted them so they were lying flat and even on the bed, the only disturbance being John’s body lying beneath them.
He made his way into the locker room, setting his kit on the bench before making his way towards the group of boys huddled around one of the stalls.
“History of illness? Prone to infection?”
A sweet voice filled the air around them, causing Sherlock to blush.
“John? Who is this John?” Sherlock was vaguely aware that he was calling out for the beast, but he couldn’t stop himself. The pain had stripped away any filter he might have had.
They spent their afternoons at a small coffee house, giggling and deducing things about the other people in the shop.
“What are you saying?” Sherlock was thrown across the room, pain flowering in his back as he connected with the far wall. His body was pinned there, several feet above the ground as Mycroft stalked towards him. The older man looked furious, his face turning red and his body shaking.
“Wake up.” The body didn’t respond, still muttering nonsense. “Wake up!” He shouted, shaking the man on the floor. “Please! You have to wake up!” Pale eyes opened to meet his own.
John covered his mouth with his hand when he saw the pain in the taller boy's face. He closed his eyes against the tears that started to fall, and let himself be pulled into his boyfriend's arms. Sherlock was hurt, and seeing him in pain was breaking John's heart. He was upset, angry, and scared. He clung to Sherlock, being careful not to hurt the other boy, but keeping him as close as humanly possible.
“You know what happened, don’t you?”
"John, you're seventeen, stop your pouting." His mother scolded, sending a flare of embarrassment across the teen as he leaned back in his chair, slouching dramatically and trying to keep his face hidden. He was supposed to be at Rugby practice, not watching his irritating little sister's Ballet recital. "Sit up straight for Christ's sake." John rolled his eyes and fixed his posture, crossing his arms and reluctantly watching the stage as the lights dimmed and the curtain rose.
“You’ll just have to call and cancel.”
“Hey. What’s your name?”
"Sod off Harry, I'm not talking to him. He's still dancing."
"He wouldn't, and if I suddenly decide that I need to leave, I know that John will drop everything to get me out of there. I'll be fine Mycroft, the whole Rugby team is going to be there, so if anyone messes with me, I have a small army to back me up." Sherlock could see the concern in his older brother's eyes, and pushed down the urge to hug the taller boy. "Come on, they're waiting for us."
“What is going on here?” A new voice came from the doorway, the heavy looking piece of wood propped open to reveal an ornate looking Mantle Clock.
Sherlock dove through the air, using his song to propel himself faster towards the now-unconscious human. He reached the human and manipulated what little energy was left in the empty air to stop his fall. He wrapped his arms around the unconscious man’s chest and hauled him back towards his vessel.
"Is that everything?" He asked, looking up at Greg hopefully.
“He hums?” Mike asked, laughter in his voice.
“Hey.”
He gasped as he felt a cold weight settle against his hand.
“Why did she want me?”
A tough case leaves Sherlock snarky and irritated
Greg ignored the sound at first, it was just the machines reminding them of the dead man they were still attached to.
“Bloody genius, you are.” Sherlock found John’s Kit and slid it over to him, keeping his distance. He sat against the far side of the boat and watched as John struggled with the Sonic Kit. His finger slipped, the skin tearing on an exposed scalpel. Sherlock hurried to his side as John cursed, covering his hand and wincing.
“Of course, I should have known that you of all people would know a language that has been dead for centuries.” Sherlock laughed with him, gripping his sides and hauling him back onto his lap, earning a gasp from the human.
“They have no idea. Idiots the lot of them.” Geoff spun to face him, pointing at him.
“Who the fuck do you think I am, Hermione Granger?” Sherlock snapped, rolling his eyes and placing his fingers against his chin in a steeple. “That watch you used has nothing to do with me. It was just symbolic.” Greg looked lost, and John moved to check on his friend’s hands.
"J-John-"
"She won't let you go until you agree." John offered, laughing at the distressed expression he received.
"Fuck, Sherlock. You're beautiful." John whispered, the hunger in his voice and eyes sending fire sparking through Sherlock's body.
“John. Yours?”
“I figured it would work if I put the ingredients into a bullet. The spark from the firing pin ignites the spell, by the time it reaches its destination the spell is activated.” John felt a blush creeping over his cheeks as Sherlock listened to him.
“Really John? You’re choosing now to become shy?” He glared at Sherlock, pulling his shirt on. “I literally came all over your chest less than twenty minutes ago, I’m fairly certain we can bypass any pesky shyness.” Sherlock was leaning against the door frame, dressed in an expensive looking suit that had been tailored to fit him perfectly. His curls had been styled and other than the rather impressive bruise peaking out from the collar, there was no sign of his previous activities.
He made his way into the kitchen, making a mental note to put some wood on the fire once he was done with breakfast. They had come up to the family cabin for Sherlock's birthday, and John had forgotten how cold it could get at night.
"Why not? It's not like it's your first kill, you're a Captain in the Royal Navy. You don't get that ranking without having a whole country's worth of blood on your hands."
"Can I help you with something?" Sherlock tried for harsh, but the words came out softer than planned. Something about this Jim boy was making him uncomfortable.
"John, I haven't seen you in three days, I really don't want to stop right now." John laughed, kissing him again before he lowered himself to his knees, popping open the cap on the bottle with a dangerous smirk.
“It is.” Sherlock stepped closer to john, causing the strings around him to shift and change, moving with his thin frame. John was entranced, watching the only clear thing within the chaos move. Sherlock stopped when he reached John, close enough that John could almost feel his warmth through his jumper. John felt his pulse quicken, his breath hitching in his throat as he watched the taller man reach for his wrist.
"Please John-" John lashed out, grabbing Sherlock's blade and stepping closer, feeling the blade tugging at his skin. He positioned himself so that all there was between them was the width of the blade that could kill him. His hand stung where it was wrapped around the blade, but he didn't remove it. "John stop, please don't make me do this."
John restarted his music and they danced some more, talking softly and stealing sweet kisses in the moonlight.
“My brother’s soul was compressed into nothingness by Moriarty’s song. His lungs were destroyed when the blade pierced his chest, and his brain was deprived of oxygen for far too long. Sherlock’s body my still live, but his mind is gone.” A crushing weight settled on his heart for the first time since his men had found Sherlock and John, bloody on the floor of The Spider’s ship. “Sherlock is dead.” He whispered, feeling a sob catch in his throat.
John guided Sherlock so he was lying on his back, slipping one of his hands under the hem of Sherlock's t-shirt, making him tremble.
His breath hitched as he felt a cold finger massaging his entrance, sending a shock of arousal through him. John's other hand was suddenly on his cheek, guiding his face down to meet John's in a soft kiss.
"I'm quite a bit older than you." John smirked, the flirtatious confidence returning to his eyes.
“I ran because of Moriarty. Not John. It was a mistake and I was planning to return in the morning. I-I-” Sherlock hesitated, feeling the words catch in his throat. “If I say it, John will be freed, correct?”
John groaned and dropped his head against Sherlock's chest, contemplating what to do. Gentle fingers pressing against his shoulder brought his attention back to the beautiful boy beneath him.
“Nah, but I’ve heard him wailing as I-” The Spider cut off John’s words with a harsh jab to the jaw. The doctor laughed again, rolling his jaw and wincing as he felt the wounds on his scalp tear. “What’s wrong? Jealous because I didn’t have to take what I wanted from him?”
He was changing back into his street clothes when he caught sight of Sherlock in the mirror behind him. He quickly did up his trousers, blushing deeply and grabbing for his shirt.
“He has a strong moral compass, came from a bad home. He had to adapt to survive, and thus stands out from the other humans. People are drawn to him, unable to resist his, charms, but he can’t bring himself to truly love. All his connections are emotionless on his part, even if his partner develops feelings, which they always do. He would rather die than hurt the people that care for him.” Mycroft’s eyes caught Sherlock’s and pinned him in place. “He is suicidal, isn’t he Sherlock?”
“Be careful Sherlock.”
"J-John-"
“Oh, god yes.” John leaned up and kissed Sherlock again, this one deep and desperate. Sherlock moaned softly against John’s lips and responded enthusiastically.
His arms were trussed above his head and his toes were just barely touching the ground beneath him. The position caused his shoulder to pull painfully and he could feel his spine shifting as his body swayed.
"Sorry, I-I've got to- I've got to get this." He mumbled, disentangling himself from the mess of blankets and answering the call. "H-Hello?"
“I don’t want to hurt him.”
Sherlock moved to walk away, not wanting to watch as some pretty girl hit on his boyfriend any longer, but was stopped by a strong pair of arms wrapping around his waist.
“Hey, Sherlock? Sherlock, talk to me. Come on Gorgeous, wake up.” Sherlock was unconscious, lying limply in John’s arms. The soldier stood, carrying the pale man in his arms as he hurried towards the near-empty street.
“Well, well.” An unfamiliar voice came from behind him, cutting through his thoughts unpleasantly and sending a chill along his spine. “You must be John. I’ve heard so much about you.” John turned to see a dark-haired man grinning at him. The smile didn’t reach his eyes though, leaving them cold, dark and empty.
Sherlock’s Song pierced his Life Force one last time, the shock of pleasure sending his release crashing over him. He wasn’t sure, lost in the intense pleasure that wracked his frame, but a part of him told him the keening sound had come from his throat as he dropped his head back and spilled between them.
“You don’t fuck with Time!” Sherlock spun away, gripping his fingers in his curls and growling in frustration. He suddenly turned around and pointed at John, stepping closer with a dangerous smirk on his face. “Except for you, you can fuck with me all you want.” John flushed, his mouth opening and closing in shock. He had been hit on by men before, in clubs and whatnot, he had even snogged a guy in a bathroom stall one time, but no one as attractive as Sherlock. The tall man winked at him and lowered his finger. He turned his attention to Greg, looking vaguely annoyed at his presence. “You’re still here?”
"How? You can't prove that I am anyone other than Jacob Brownstein-"
"I-I read that it- th-there are things- I-I just-" Sherlock sighed shakily, and John leaned in to kiss the boy again, feeling how tense his boyfriend was. "I-I don't want to do something wrong." John kissed Sherlock again before pulling the lanky boy in for a hug.
"Oh, right. George." Sherlock yawned again, stretching languidly and derailing any sarcastic comment John might have had. "What does he want this early in the morning?"
At first, nothing happened, the herbs started to burn, and the room started to fill with an unpleasant scent.
“Get some sleep John, I’ll explain everything when you wake up.” John’s mind was dragged back into darkness, but the panic remained, tainting his thoughts and poisoning his dreams.
They all thought he was weird, that he read too much and was too intelligent. He in turn thought they were all a bunch of mindless idiots.
“Yes.”
John made quick work of his own shirt as well, throwing the clothes in the general direction of his bedroom before scanning his eyes over Sherlock's now-bare chest.
I'll ttyl – JW
“Sherlock!” The young man ran from the castle, ignoring the pleas from the staff and John. “Sherlock wait! You can’t go out there! Sherlock!”
"And where do you want me? Here? In the shower? In the bedroom?" Sherlock whimpered as John bit down on a sensitive spot on his neck, making him dizzier.
“Good, let’s do this.”
He didn’t mind the prep, having his hair and makeup done, being shown what was expected of him and where he was supposed to go. He found it relaxing.
John tugged nervously at his jacket sleeves, reaching up and pushing the doorbell. Sherlock's home was huge, and John couldn't help but feel slightly out of place standing on the front stoop.
Sherlock glanced up and his face turned impossibly brighter as he shot to his feet.
He could feel the tell-tale signs of his body surrendering to the pain and didn’t bother fighting the darkness that took over his mind.
“Fine. I tried, you are immune to my song.” John blinked in shock. A human being immune to a Siren song was a myth, only ever heard of in song and stories. “I sang to you before you woke, when your mind was adrift. You should have woken completely under my spell, yet here we are.” The Siren pushed himself off the deck of the small Star Sailor, hovering above the metal and watching John with glittering eyes. “You, young human, defy all of the logic I have gathered in my years.” John’s breath caught in the back of his throat as the creature swam closer to him, their bodies separated by only a few inches.
"So do you." John pressed a kiss to his temple and pulled back slightly, smiling fondly. "So, what do you want to watch tonight? I downloaded Doctor Who and Game of Thrones, as well as that Supernatural show I keep hearing about, so you have lots to chose from." Sherlock smiled, because of course John would go above and beyond to make him happy, and leaned down, pressing a firm kiss to his boyfriend's lips.
Hey.... – GL
“You loved the challenge of me more than you actually loved me.” Sherlock sniffled and nodded, watching as the young man stood. “Don’t feel bad, I knew that’s all I could get from you. You made me feel free to love whoever I wanted.”
“Are you okay Mouse?” She nodded, not taking her eyes off the new man. John turned back to the new man, hoping to figure out what was going on. “So, let me get this straight, you are Father Time?”
"Think I can make you come twice?" Sherlock was trembling and his breathing was becoming erratic. He could see the question forming in Lestrade's eyes, and avoided his gaze. He finished his deductions and breathed a sigh of relief, hoping he could leave now.
"Sit, have some chips. You look like you haven't eaten in weeks." Sherlock blinked down at him for another minute before moving to sit again, glaring at the plate of chips.
Everyone is wishing you luck btw – JW
“Was the fluid caused by infection?”
"J-John-" Sherlock mumbled, lifting his chin slightly to give John more room and clinging to his shoulders. "We- we could- I-I mean- Mrs. Hudson h-has a Bridge game tonight-" John leaned back, gasping dramatically and lightly swatting Sherlock's shoulder.
"Yeah, that's Mary. We almost hooked up once over the summer, but nothing wound up happening." Sherlock felt a flare of jealousy and sent the girl a glare. John laughed harder and gripped Sherlock's hips, tugging him closer. "Are you jealous, Tiny Dancer?" Sherlock rolled his eyes and tried to push his way out of John's grip, but was promptly pinned against the nearest wall.
“Yes John?”
"She's not a client, John." The little voice at the back of his mind reminded him of what Sherlock had talked about the other night. "This is Brittany." The woman stood, stalking closer to John, causing him to back into the kitchen, dropping the bags onto the table and shifting uncomfortably as Brittany pressed closer, nearly pushing him against the counter.
Sherlock was brilliant, the sheer expanse of knowledge the boy had in his brain astounding John.
“Sherlock-” A deafening siren sounded, causing John to crumble in pain. Sherlock pushed off the deck, grabbing his friend and covering his ears. The sound was causing the energies around their vessel to vibrate.
Sherlock caught his eyes and grinned, a danger in his smile that sent a shock of arousal through John’s body. Sherlock drifted closer resting his arms on the edge of the boat and leaning close to John, brushing his nose along John’s neck.
The pain stopped and he was left with an emptiness in his soul.
“You have a lab?” Sherlock blushed lightly, tugging at the blankets as though he was embarrassed. “What kind of lab?”
"Hey! Holmes!" Sherlock flinched at the voice that came from behind him, glancing around for an escape route. A rough hand gripped his shoulder and spun him around, shoving him back against the lockers. "Are you ignoring me again Holmes?" Sherlock shook his head, chewing on his lip nervously and clutching his books tight against his chest.
"John-"
“I-I’m- I’m s-sorry.”
“So, how does this whole ‘harnessing Time’ thing work? Is that pocket watch like a Time Turner or something?” Greg asked, pulling Sherlock’s attention from John. The taller man looked irritated at Greg’s questions.
A massive rock floated towards the front of his boat, threatening to crush his tiny vessel.
"John! Stop!" Sherlock laughed as he tried to escape, but his limbs were still too weak from his recent orgasm to do much good.
“No. Then you would have been trapped in the castle as well, and something tells me you would have made a pretty grumpy microscope.” Sherlock chuckled, unable to deny that statement.
The boat surged forwards, carrying John and Sherlock back towards the Siren’s last hope.
“You are nothing like John Watson. He is good, and kind, and would never hurt another person.” Moriarty laughed, digging the blade deeper into John’s skin.
"Tell you what," he dropped his voice, crowding closer to Sherlock, "solve this case, without pissing off the whole of New Scotland Yard, and I will fuck you until you forget your bloody name. Deal?" Sherlock whimpered, leaning down and attempting to kiss John, but the shorter man leaned away, laughing softly at the desperate sound his action elicited. "Think you can handle that, Love?" Sherlock nodded desperately, whimpering softly as John finally kissed him, tugging the taller man close.
"He was wrong Sherlock. I don't know what he did to you, but I do know this; Victor McFuckerton is an absolute moron for hurting someone like you." Sherlock couldn't fight the laugh that bubbled out of his chest. "There we go. Much better, eh?" Sherlock nodded, wiping his eyes and returning the grip John still had on his hand timidly. "So, what do you say? My place, Saturday, seven o'clock?"
"Of course it's a yes, don't be deliberately obtuse John."
“Sherlock?” George had come to visit. Sherlock allowed himself to flicker into view, startling the other man. “Hey Mate. How’s he doing?”
Something flickered in the back of Sherlock's mind, making his thoughts spin as he set his violin back on his desk. He grabbed the case, flipping open the cover and finding the picture of the boy. He felt a vice tighten around his chest and pulled his cell phone out of his pocket, dialling the now familiar number of the Detective Inspector that had saved his life.
“Sher-” His world faded to black as he heard Sherlock shouting for Mrs. Hudson to phone an ambulance.
“Alright, so according to the info I found online if you don’t have a body to return to, then you must be bound to something else. One of your old possessions perhaps? Something you would have been really attached to.” Sherlock turned to face John, his eyes filled with curiosity.
“What’s wrong Honey? You look like you’ve seen a ghost.” The pair stepped inside, closing and latching the door behind them. Sherlock stumbled backwards, his eyes searching for something he could use as a weapon.
"Lestrade? Is that trafficking case still open?"
"See why we need to discuss it?" Sherlock nodded, shaking his head and trying to erase the image from his mind before it got embedded in there. He pulled his knees up to his chest, not meeting John's gaze. He felt embarrassed, not something he was used to feeling. "Hey, Sherlock look at me Love." Sherlock felt a warm hand on his ankle and glanced up. "What's wrong?"
“I wouldn’t survive anymore injuries.”
"Fine." John crowed and flipped himself and Sherlock over, moving to rest between the dancer's thighs before he could react. "J-John-"
His vision quickly faded to black as he collapsed against the floor, feeling the weight of unconsciousness taking over his joints.
He was kissing Sherlock Holmes. In real life, the real Sherlock Holmes, and he was too stunned to respond.
"You're sure? You were having fun-"
“How far off is E6?” Sherlock eventually asked, still not meeting John’s eyes.
“Sorry, I’m just not comfortable with people watching me change.”
And settled back against the chair, fighting to keep his breathing under control. This was amazing, better than he would have thought, but it was almost too much.
But all he could focus on was the sound of their bedroom door closing as Sherlock fled.
Sherlock knew, he knew as well as John did that they were loving on borrowed time.
"How long have I slept?"
It was a Siren, a lovely, pale, bored-looking Siren.
Showering with Sherlock Holmes was interesting on a normal day, when there was no promise of sex to distract the men. Showering with an aroused Sherlock Holmes was almost tedious, John nearly having to pin his lover to the wall, just so he could finish washing him down.
John tries to help Sherlock practice his dance when his partner breaks their ankle.
"Please- please, that's- that's my-"
A massive ship, built to resemble the Pirate ships of old was looming in the distance, heading straight for them.
“What’s happening?”
His song started as a low, wavering note, thrumming through the air and sending a chill along John’s spine. The song continued, slowing working its way up the scales.
“I will explain everything later, but first I need you to tell me how to sail this damned ship.” John blinked, blood flowing steadily into his eyes. “John, please. We are running out of time-”
“John does. And he is waiting for you to wake up.” Sherlock stepped closer to the dying man, clenching his fists. “You have to wake up.”
Sherlock walked up the stairs to the room Lestrade had directed him to, fighting back a wave of nerves. He had no reason to be so nervous, after all, he was only talking to John, in the ballroom, dressed in fancy clothes.
"I told you, I was bored." John gripped Sherlock's shoulders and spun him around, slamming him back against the wall and tangling his hand in Sherlock's unruly curls and tugging. "And I love making you so desperate."
Then why do you watch? – JW
"What? I thought I said; 'no prisoners?' What part of that did you not understand?"
Victor never laughed at anything he said, at least nothing he was supposed to laugh at. He never had an issue laughing at Sherlock when he told him he loved him.
It wasn't that he wished to be in her shoes, John didn't want him like that and Sherlock was fine with it, he hated the thought of John taking his pleasure from someone else. He didn't like sharing.
Great! I'll be right down – JW
“You could always change back to your tail and go for a swim, or whatever it is you do.” Sherlock was quiet for a long while, looking like he was thinking. John turned his attention back to the task at hand, easily manoeuvering the ship around a small meteor.
"You know Eurus, right? In our advanced chem class?" Mikey nodded, "that's Sherlock. He's trans." Mikey's eyes widened, and John could see the other boy struggling with the news.
“Ow! Damnit Molly Hooper!” Sherlock shouted, whipping off the sofa and tripping, falling unceremoniously to the floor. The medical training in John kicked in and he leapt to Sherlock’s aid, gripping his arm and pulling the mass of limbs and curls up. The lanky man stood, looking pissed and furiously straightening his dressing gown. He glared over John’s head at Molly, pushing John out of the way and stalking over to the mousy girl. “What the fuck?”
“I enjoyed it too.” John couldn’t seem to speak any louder than a whisper, getting lost in the eyes of the taller man. Sherlock smiled and leaned down, capturing John’s lips in a gentle kiss.
“Bullshit!” John pushed her away, standing up and tugging on his hair. “You’re an Enchantress, don’t tell me you can’t save him. You’re still mad that I didn’t want to spend the rest of my life in a loveless marriage with you!”
"You didn't answer my question."
“Sherlock.”
"If you say happy, I'm going to have to swat you." Sherlock pulled back, confusion filling his mind at the frustration he heard in his boyfriend's tone.
“Nothing is showing up on my end. Must not be in the systems. Send me samples of the tissues and I’ll analyze it for you.”
After class, one of the rugby players met Sherlock at the door and walked with him to his next class.
“You’re an idiot.” John scrambled back as far as he could, his head reeling in confusion. There was a Siren, on his vessel, talking to him, calling him an idiot. “Why, in all the galaxies, are you out in such weather? You could have been killed. Would have been if I hadn’t been there.” John’s hand reached up to feel his O2 collar. It was intact and hummed when he touched it. “I had to re-boot your collar. It died when you fell out of the storm.” John stared in disbelief at the Siren, the being was contradicting everything John had ever been taught.
“No.”
"Sorry, it's a bit small. Can't really afford much more than this." John shrugged, rubbing the back of his neck sheepishly. He grinned up at Sherlock and winked, that boyish grin returning to his lips as he backed into the kitchen.
“I’m not mad at him.”
“No. As your doctor and your, whatever the fuck I am to you, I can’t let you just wander the streets this late at night-”
"Other than the most amazing, gorgeous boyfriend anyone could ask for? Nothing at all Love." Sherlock's blush deepened, and he gently swatted John's shoulder, leaning down and pressing a soft kiss to John's lips.
“So you aren’t-” John’s heart hurt when he saw the hope leaving his friend’s eyes as he shook his head. Nothing had changed, John wasn’t staying on E2, and after he finished helping Sherlock there would be nothing stopping him from sailing into the next storm. He sighed and gently patted Mike’s cheek before turning to Sherlock, waving his companion over.
"But Mummy-"
Sherlock felt horrifically out of place with the pair, sitting quietly and picking at his food. Even when John started talking about the seal, Sherlock stayed quiet, content to wallow in his self-pity.
“You?”
“I’m alive.” He whispered, pulling Sherlock close and kissing his hair, tears of happiness slipping from his eyes. “I’m alive, Sherlock.” He felt the moment Sherlock understood, felt the Siren’s hands grip his hips tighter, the sob wrack his thin frame. He saw the joy in his lover’s eyes when he looked up at John. “Let’s go live, eh Gorgeous?”
"Got in a fight."
"F-Sherlock- fuck- fuck me, please Sherlock-" His pleas faded into a whine as Sherlock slipped his fingers out, reaching for one of the condoms in the drawer, another expensive brand. "S-Seriously? Y-You are officially the most expensive thing I've ever had up my arse." Sherlock snorted with laughter, tucking his head in the crook of John's neck and feeling his blogger laugh along with him.
“It does in the ancient dialect.” John blinked for a moment before laughing.
Can the promise of sex make him play nice?
"That's not healthy."
“It uh- it means a date. Mikey and I served together, went on leave to S13 a few times. He was feeling down, I took him out, made sure he felt better by the end of leave.” John tried to hide his face from Sherlock, hoping the Siren wouldn’t figure out what he meant by that. There was a long silence and John felt as though he had successfully evaded any questions.
"I refuse to murder a friend." John lowered the sword, blinking up at Sherlock. He laughed, but it came out hollow and empty.
He had been kicked out of the room when Sherlock’s heart monitors started wailing, and no one was telling him anything. He asked every nurse that came from the direction of Sherlock’s room if he could see his friend, but since he wasn’t family, they wouldn’t talk to him. He called Greg, hoping he could convince him to call Mycroft.
“The Master is a good man, he just has a bit of a temper. You should get some rest, let your body heal. I will come back in and check on you in a few hours.” Sherlock nodded and watched as the teapot and her cart wheeled their way out of his room.
“No script? That’s a little strange. How’d you swing that?”
“Please Sherlock- p-please, I-I need-” His words were cut short when Sherlock slowly pressed into him. John’s jaw dropped open in a silent scream and his head dropped to the deck as he was filled. The song swelled, lighting his body up with another swell of crackling energy. They both groaned as Sherlock became fully seated within John’s body, Sherlock stilling his hips to give the human a moment to adjust before moving again.
He chose his weapon and turned back to John, a small, black serrated blade in his hand and an evil glint in his eye.
Meeting John had been the only enjoyable part of that night.
A high-pitched whine escaped Sherlock as one of John's fingers pressed into him. There wasn't nearly enough lubrication, and it burned to the point of discomfort. He shook his head, squirming slightly.
They had a natural dynamic, John easily slipping into a slightly less dominant role. It should have felt off, seeing as how he always was the dom when filming, but with Sherlock, it felt right.
“Sherlock-”
They both had until the end of the week to complete the bet, so when Greg called them out to help on a case, he decided to use the opportunity to win the bet.
He hated the power his unobservant blogger had over him.
Sherlock woke to throbbing joints and searing pain. He was honestly shocked to be finding consciousness at all. He had been convinced that he was dead.
"They had chemistry together or something. Greg had a massive crush on him." Sherlock's face contorted in confusion and disgust, making John laugh harder.
“Ah, much better!” The young man grinned, dusting off his shoulders and stretching his long, thin frame. He was tall, too thin, and unnaturally pale. His cheekbones were sharp and high-set, making him look less than human. He was gorgeous and John couldn’t help feeling a little self-conscious.
And this seems like fun ;) – JW
“Sherlock, you have to be certain that you-”
John swallowed nervously, fighting to keep his eyes trained on Sherlock’s.
“How are you feeling?”
“Why?”
"Cap'n, if you don't mind my asking; why are you setting him free?"
“Sherlock! For fucks sake!” John shouted, ducking as the young man fired another shot into the wall above his head. He sprung up and grabbed the gun from Sherlock’s hand, disengaging the weapon with ease and placing it back in his bookbag. “I told you not to take that! It’s not registered, I could get arrested.”
"J-John-" John hesitated, pulling back slightly to give Sherlock some room to escape if he wanted to.
"I am sending the coordinates to your phone now."
He stroked Sherlock’s member, tightening his grip when he reached the head, running his fingers over the slit and smearing pre-come around. Sherlock started trembling above him, his breath becoming ragged as he started squirming.
John continued teasing Sherlock with barely-there kisses and gentle sucking. He kept his touches light and soft, knowing that even if Sherlock's eyes weren't on his work, his mind was still working to solve the case. When he was like this, it was very easy for him to become overwhelmed. He felt a hand tangle in his hair and took his husband deeper into his mouth. He knew that when Sherlock touched his hair, he was done thinking. John pulled off for a second and grinned up at his husband, enjoying the whimper that fell from him.
Sherlock watched John for a moment, his mind jumping between thoughts faster than he had ever known it to.
John laughed at something Margret said and Sherlock felt a wave of hurt and irritation crash over him as she giggled squeakily and gripped his boyfriend's elbow.
"He insulted John."
“Yeah! That’s it! John is more classically attractive while you look like some kind of mythical creature.” Sherlock glared at his food again, pushing it around with his fork some more. “Hey, you know my opinion doesn’t matter, right?”
"Yeah, hold on a second Babe, I uh, I need a minute." Sherlock glanced down and blushed. John was still wearing his pajama trousers, and the evidence of how the kiss had affected him was tenting the front of his trousers. "Sorry, guess I got a little carried away there." John laughed breathlessly, his cheeks darkening as he started pulling away from Sherlock.
"And you're sure Donaldson is the killer?" The question earned John a glare, which he laughed off, making a show of stretching, moaning softly as his joints popped.
Sherlock gripped the blade tighter and spun, gracefully sinking the blade under Moriarty’s chin and into his skull.
"Y-You never told me what George said." John blinked down at his boyfriend for a moment, trying to place the name, before groaning again and rolling off him, reaching for his mobile.
“You’re wrong. John will miss you.”
“Holy shit!” Sherlock could hear the fear in Mike’s voice as he changed. “John! He’s a-”
He dropped his phone to the floor when an image of a grown man dressed in a nappy while sucking another man off appeared on his screen. He scowled as John laughed, embarrassment painting his cheeks crimson.
“Because you came in this morning with a stick up your ass and pissed off the directors. And please stop calling me that.”
"I know, but everyone needs to see White Christmas, and I don't want to wait five months." Sherlock felt a smile tugging at his lips again at the boyish grin on John's face. "What do you say? We can get take-away, curl up under heavy blankets and watch the best Christmas movie ever?" Something clicked in the back of Sherlock's mind, and he felt panic start to rise in his chest.
“They’ll do worse than that Mate. They’ll kill you, and ship him back to the Siren Palace.” That wasn’t good, Sherlock tried to hide the concern that made his chest tighten. He couldn’t let anything happen to John.
“Yes Love. Just stay there Sherlock, in your condition, you won’t be able to open the door.” Lestrade and Mycroft left, leaving Sherlock alone, bleeding, and terrified.
"Harry always keeps spares in her bag-" Sherlock shot upright, his face contorted in disgust."
"Tomorrow would be best." John suggested, yawning and stretching again, subtly winking at Sherlock. "I think we are both going to slip into a coma as soon as you guys are gone." Lestrade nodded, waving his men out of the flat and thanking Sherlock and John before leaving, closing the door behind him.
As the minutes passed, John became very aware of the fact that Sherlock was clearly not enjoying himself. The boy kept fidgeting in his seat and looked bored before the meal even arrived.
Sorry – SH
“Yeah, how’d you know?”
“Nothing important. Mycroft doesn’t believe in interacting with the humans, he says its dangerous.”
"Hey, what's wrong Love?" Sherlock shook his head, smiling shakily up at John.
“John!” He screamed, feeling his throat burn with the force of his cries. Moriarty’s blade froze before it struck it’s target, both him and John turning to look at the young man.
"But-"
"Fine." John growled, pushing off Sherlock and taking his hand. "Come on then." Sherlock let himself be dragged up the stairs, blushing as the rest of the Rugby team noticed and whistled after them.
"Pick it up!"
John propped himself up on his elbows and smirked dangerously at Sherlock, winking up at him.
"You did, earlier, did you not?"
“No.” Sherlock felt a burning pain in his stomach.
"Good, you're awake. I was getting bored." John chuckled, brushing a curl out of Sherlock's eyes and pulling the younger boy up for a soft kiss. Sherlock's nose crinkled slightly, but he smiled fondly and shifted slightly, returning to the task of kissing John's neck and chest.
“I know.” He said, staring out into the empty space beneath the bridge.
"Sherly is the best dancer in the whole troupe." Harry stated, wrapping an arm around Sherlock's waist and pulling him in for a hug. The taller boy looked shocked and slightly uncomfortable at the contact, quirking an eyebrow at Harry before reluctantly placing his arm around her shoulder.
SMUT WARNING!!! Also, there is a bit of angst in this one, so be warned...
“W-Who are you?”
“There is nothing to be done. He may be alright with you for a while, but you know how hard it is to be friends with creatures like us. You will hurt him, and he will leave, then the emptiness will return and he will give in.” Sherlock sobbed and buried his head against John’s chest, listening to his heart and fighting to ignore the lack of energy flowing through the man. He ignored Mycroft’s departure in favor of holding the human he cared so much about.
“My brother is a rather significant investor in this company.” The now-familiar voice of his co-star caused John to jump slightly, spinning to face the pale man. “Kind of gives me a fair bit of pull.” Sherlock winked, a mischievous grin pulling at his lips.
As they were leaving the school, Sherlock caught sight of Anderson, leaning against the wall of the school. There were bruises covering his face, and his nose looked as though it had been broken several times over. He had a cast on one of his wrists, and when he met Sherlock's eyes, the terror that crossed his face was difficult to miss.
"My brother is not dead, Mr. Holmes, I know it. Please, look at his case." She left the file on his coffee table before turning and leaving his flat.
Sherlock as a Siren was beautiful, but Sherlock as a Human was stunning.
John hesitated, tugging at the hem of Sherlock's shirt for a moment. Sherlock nodded, letting John pull the shirt up and over his head. He fought back the urge to cover himself, feeling a deep blush rising over his chest and neck.
John’s inner voice asked, making the tears fall harder.
“That doesn’t matter-”
"And whose fault is that?"
"J-John-"
"Of course I have-"
“What can I say, its nice to dance with my husband properly.”
“You!” Moriarty shouted, a blast of power flying from him, knocking Sherlock and John back. “Why won’t you just accept that? It’s always going to be like this! You and me!” Moriarty was screaming now, stalking closer to Sherlock and drawing an intricate handgun from his jacket. Sherlock remembered that dagger, he remembered how painful it was when it tore through the skin and muscle the last time he had been shot with it. It was the only gun that could kill him.
Sherlock nodded, he had to save John. When the bond was broken, John wouldn’t be able to see him, or even remember him. He would have to physically remove the bond from John’s soul, that would distort his memories. He stood and took John’s hand, pulling out his pocket watch.
“Good. Now, what are we going to tell your parents?” They chuckled, exchanging ideas amongst tender kisses and soft touches.
“Hey! John, I thought you were on my side?”
"J-John- they- they're going to be back soon-"
Looks like it - GL
"I offered him myself last night, but he turned me down, so I thought the next logical step would be to find someone that fit his desires-"
When the fabric stopped moving, he was spun around to face a floor-length mirror. He was stunned into silence.
"I'm fine."
“John?” His chest tightened as he recognized the loud voice. “John! I’m here! Please! I remember you!”
“We did five videos together, Moriarty’s fans really enjoyed watching him tear me apart. The videos started off boring enough, just some simple BDSM and rough play. Nothing I hadn’t done before.” John reached back and grabbed Sherlock’s expensive massage oil, needing to distract himself from what he knew was coming. “It took us almost six months to film all the videos, and by the end of it, I was so desperate for it to stop I tried to kill myself.”
"He's fine, but I can't say the same for everyone else."
"Okay Love?" He debated nodding, just sucking it up and taking it, but it was painful and he didn't want to upset John again. He shook his head, whimpering as John slowly slid the finger out.
"Are you sure?" Sherlock growled in frustration and tugged John's hips tight against his own, rubbing their erections together. John groaned and dropped his head against Sherlock's chest as stars danced over his vision.
"See anything interesting?" To anyone that didn't know John, they wouldn't be able to hear anything wrong in that statement. But to Sherlock's ears, his tone was laced with suggestion and teasing, and it sent a jolt of desire through the detective. He tried to glare at John, but judging by the way the blogger smirked and licked his lips again, he had failed.
"I would have my men do nothing more than take you down to the Brig. What happens to you down there is none of my concern, as I said; I can't hear anything from my cabin."
“Afghanistan or Iraq?” Sherlock’s deep voice pulled John from his self-loathing.
“I can’t.” John nodded against Sherlock’s neck, tilting his head back and capturing Sherlock’s lips in another soft kiss before stepping away. He reached into his pocket and handed Sherlock his phone.
"Sh-Sherlock," he gasped as he back hit the brick wall at the end of the alley. "My name is Sherlock." At thirty years old, Sherlock was not unfamiliar with sex. During his months living on the streets, he had experienced more rushed sex in darkened alleys than he cared to admit, but this was different. Sherlock was decidedly sober, and the boy was technically a client.
“You can’t, not without the tools.”
“Yes. He has a crippling need to monitor me, so I made a deal with him. He gets to be involved in this area of my life and I make it home for Sunday dinners.”
Definitely not boring – SH
The wolf lunged at him, its claws digging into his chest and thighs he was knocked to the ground. He was vaguely aware of someone screaming. The wolf sank its teeth into his shoulder and he felt his vision start to fade to black.
"Is he alive?"
"Is it really that important?"
“Yeah, here’s the thing; My name is Captain John Watson, Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers, and if you two don’t walk away right now, I will blow a hole in your fucking heads.” The pair froze for a moment before continuing towards him.
“Good enough. Now, come on, lets get you to bed.” He pulled Sherlock off the wall and led him down the hall.
By the end of the day, the whole school was talking about how the dancing freak was being protected by the Rugby team.
“Of course, he is having a fit Greg, you’re a talking Candle.” The clock snapped, waddling closer to the terrified young man. Sherlock was aware that he had started to hyperventilate, as well as the tears that were falling from his eyes. Whether he was crying from pain or fear, he couldn’t be sure. “Now, what is your name young man?”
"They're being intransigent, John. How am I supposed to solve the case when they keep botching the evidence?"
He knew this boat.
"You know what I love about this place?" John asked, pressing a soft kiss into Sherlock's hair. The younger boy hummed, tilting his head back and smiling up at John. "There's no neighbours, no one for miles." He grinned as he felt Sherlock squirm against him. He knew the boy understood what he meant, and he was certain that he would never not love how easily he could make his boyfriend tremble.
“He won’t. It’s too late Myc. I’m sorry I couldn’t free you guys.” John took a shuddering breath and looked at his friend. “Go be with your husband. Tell everyone I’m sorry.”
“You alright Sherlock?” George asked, looking between Sherlock and the door uncomfortably.
“Hang in there Sherlock.”
“I know perfectly well who I am. As do you, at least you should, you summoned me.”
“Please, just let us go. I’m not causing any harm, and I haven’t returned to your precious kingdom since you banished me. Please Mycroft, no rules have been broken-”
“You will never be with him.”
“I-I don’t understand.” It was John’s turn to be confused, looking rapidly between the two men.
“Sorry?”
He should just sign the papers.
"Hey Babe! Come on in, I'll be finished two shakes." John led Sherlock in, clearly not the slightest bit self-conscious about his state of undress. "Just toss your stuff anywhere." Sherlock stood in the middle of the kitchen, shifting awkwardly on his feet as John disappeared into the bathroom.
He was carried down a large set of stairs he vaguely recognized from his little venture the other day. At the base of the stairs was an older wheelchair. As promised, The Beast dropped him into the chair and pushed him through the halls.
"John."
There was a part of Sherlock that was excited about graduating, finally escaping the daily hell of school.
It was the most painful thing he ever had to do.
“The rose lost another petal today.” John nodded, his chest tightening. “You have to do something John, we don’t have that much longer.”
John could hear the cries of men in battle from his perch, and felt his heart swell for his staff. They were trying to protect him and his castle. He didn’t deserve friends like that, not after everything he did to them.
“Your scanner couldn’t identify it?”
“They shoved you behind a desk?” Greg laughed, and Sherlock flinched. He remembered that voice, and it recalled some unpleasant memories from the time before his was exiled.
He memorized every emotion that crossed Sherlock's face, cataloguing every sound as the younger boy came, spilling between them just before John pulled out and added his own mess to Sherlock's.
“John likes bananas, if you catch my drift.” Sherlock blinked, processing what she just insinuated. He blushed as the words set in. “And going by your reaction, you are quite the fan of them too.”
“What-”
“Oh, that’s rich! You don’t want me to work? You don’t like the thought of me fucking other people? I thought you didn’t care?” John watched as Sherlock’s eyes filled with hurt. His heart broke for the younger man, but he didn’t reach out for him. “You have no right, Sherlock. No right!” He shoved Sherlock again, tears finally slipping from his eyes.
A man stood, facing the window, looking down at his hands and tugging at his hair.
“Tick Tock, goes the clock-”
“Wow, what a bitch.” John laughed at that, placing a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder as he did. The young man had gotten much more comfortable around John, no longer flinching when he moved too fast or touched him.
"What have we got?" John asked as he and Sherlock ducked under the crime scene tape. Greg lead them towards the body lying in the alley, listing off the details of the case. John wasn't listening, focusing on his lover instead.
"I told you the other night, I am happy. You make me happy, I don't need anyone else for that."
“Oi! That’s my husband you’re talking about.”
“Gavin isn’t your name?”
“What? No, its not a line John.”
“I shot up with enough heroin to kill a fucking horse, then threw myself off the roof of the hospital. They already think I’m mad.” Sherlock glared at the I.V. line in his hand, debating on how stupid it would be to rip them out and try to run for it.
It was Christmas break, and John had talked Sherlock into coming with him to spend the holiday at his family's cabin. Sherlock's family was going to Paris for the break, but the dancer had chosen to stay behind, opting to attend the Christmas recital instead. So John had suggested they spend the break together.
"I love you, Tiny Dancer."
"H-Here- please Daddy, I-I can't-" John shushed him softly, calming him with soft kisses to his lips and neck.
Sherlock shivered against the wind that tore through his frame as he galloped along the trail. He could feel the heaviness of a storm settling in.
"I'm going to fuck you so hard you scream my name as you come around my-" Sherlock shot to his feet, grabbing John's elbow and hauling him away from the crime scene. John laughed and let himself be dragged away. "See ya Greg!" He called back as Sherlock tugged him away.
"I-I don't know." John sent him an understanding smile and rubbed his hand along Sherlock's calf.
“You can sleep in here. I-If you want.” Sherlock sounded like a little boy, embarrassed and unsure.
“Yep. Yeah, alright. Little help over here?” Nurses came to his aid and helped him carry a very unconscious Sherlock Holmes back to bed.
“I love you.” Sherlock whispered as John’s boat started to fade from his sight, taking with it the only being that ever truly cared for him.
His vision faded to black just after a fuzzy figure stepped in front of him.
“In the ballroom?”
“Sherlock!”
“It’s his twisted version of a Siren Song. Forces your mind to relive every terrible memory you have all at once, then penetrates your brain with a note that makes your mind devour itself.” John pulled his knees tight against his chest and bit down on his knuckles, blinking rapidly. Sherlock sat back on his heels, wanting to hold the troubled man, but sensing contact was unwanted. “What did he make you see?” John was silent for a while, chewing on his knuckles absently.
"I love you too John."
It burned, probably more than it should have, but in the haze of arousal, John couldn’t care less.
“Fucking hell man! It’s Greg!” The man stormed off, looking incredibly pissed. Sherlock grinned smugly, turning back to face John.
Sherlock groaned, dropping his head back against the pillows. Since waking up, a voice kept speaking up from the back of his mind, talking endlessly about some mysterious man named John Watson that he supposedly loved.
Sherlock blushed and tried to hide the smile that pulled at his lips. He slouched further down in the uncomfortable seat of the train and re-read the text, his chest tight with a strange mix of pain and happiness.
He felt the bed shift slightly and let the older woman pull him in for a hug.
“No, but you are upset and hurt, and I care too damned much about you to leave you out here!”
Greg handed him the large needle, holding his hands close to give John the extra light he needed. John took a steadying breath, pressing the needle against the pale skin. He hated doing this without anesthesia, but Sherlock was out of time.
“I killed you. If I hadn’t- hadn’t wanted to try and fix you-” A sob caught in his throat and he reached for the ghost, knowing he must look insane, trying to touch something that wasn’t there. “Gods, I miss you. I need you here.”
“My throat is fine. What is your name?”
“Are you sure about him Sherlock? Can you trust him with your soul?”
He turned and faced the open skies, grinning as he tightened the rope on his sails and allowed the pulsing energy of Deep Space push him farther and faster through the stars.
John’s entire being filled with light when he saw Sherlock. The young man was covered in blood, his shirt ripped and his wrists torn and bleeding, but he was there. He was leaning heavily against the window and looked terrified, but he came back.
“This isn’t a crossroads deal John, just a contract.”
"Trick you into coming under here then kiss you." John felt his chest swell as Sherlock's cheeks darkened and he fussed with his coat collar.
“Promise?”
"I'd rather we just stay up here and-"
“S-Sher-Sherlock-” The Siren breathed a sigh of relief and pulled John close, taking care not to touch the open wounds on his scalp. “W-What the-”
“I am also gay, Sherlock.”
“I didn’t lie to you-”
John thought he was attractive. He wanted to be with him. John wanted to court him.
"Not your fault. You can't help how my body reacts to you." John winked at him before stepping back raising his hands and grinning boyishly. "No pressure, remember? I'm going to let you choose when. Come on Tiny Dancer, we've got shows to binge."
“What’s wrong?” Mycroft’s voice came from the doorway.
It was a slow process, and it hurt worse the deeper John got, but once he was fully seated and had given Sherlock time to adjust, it started to feel more enjoyable. It still wasn't the most comfortable thing, but it wasn't unbearable.
It was Moriarty and his pet, Moran.
"Eight-forty-five."
Sherlock grabbed John’s hand and looked at the wound, picking up the Sonic Scanner.
There were two pills and a glass of water on the table next to a note. He picked up the note as he took the pills.
“My name is Molly, not Mouse. That’s just what they call me.”
Throughout the rest of the night, John did his best to take Sherlock's mind off what his Nan had said. Soon enough, the gifts were unwrapped and the family was sitting down to dinner.
“John can’t hear you Sherlock. You’re dead.” A spark of realization hit Sherlock as the voice became clearer.
“Precisely. You have already lost far too much blood today. Fall now.” Sherlock felt his body fall, connecting roughly with the stone stairs. “Focus Sherlock, you need to stay focused. You will slip into shock if you don’t fight.” Sherlock pulled forth the memory of the dance with John, focusing on the feel of the Beast pressed against him. “The pain will start soon, don’t run from it, embrace it Sherlock. Keep fighting.”
“No, I’m not saying that. I mean he’s hot, but in a more, I don’t know how to say it-”
Mrs. Hudson helped to smuggle Sherlock into the hospital.
"Hmm?"
“You claim your song has no effect on this man-” Mycroft’s voice was filled with awe as he watched his little brother and the human.
John woke to the blinding white lights of the E6 Med Bay.
“Actually, we’re about three hours out. We can meet up for dinner and you can collect the samples in person.” John could see the glee in his friend’s face and laughed.
Sherlock’s body had gone into shock, his internal organs failing and his brain shutting down. The doctors had tried to revive him, but to no avail.
Mycroft had been the focus of Greg's attention for most of last year, and John had been the only one that knew.
The air around John was filled with an unmistakable energy, Sherlock’s breath becoming visible as the temperature dropped.
Sherlock had been back from the competition for over a week, and had yet to bring up what they had texted about, and he had completely steered away from their Skype conversation. John could feel a nagging worry in the back of his mind, maybe he had pushed the timid boy too far.
The next day was filled with laughter, carols sung off key, decorating of cookies and the tree, and even a surprise visit from John's Grandparents.
He fled into the forest, the blackness amongst the trees pulling him deeper into their cold embrace.
He couldn’t stay. He couldn’t let this happen.
“So- I-I don’t-”
"You thought I'd believe him." The hurt in John's voice pulled more tears from Sherlock's eyes. He fought against a sob that rose in his chest and nodded timidly, not meeting John's eyes.
“So, you’re talking to me again?” John grumbled, tossing the note down on the table and turning to put the kettle on. “Alright then. You feel like talking? Come out and talk.” He felt a surge of static electricity and knew without having to turn that Sherlock had flickered into view. He fought the urge to turn and look at the man, knowing that if he did, he would not be able to stay mad at him.
“Please, give him back. I’ll stay like this, just please don’t take him from me.” Mary smiled sadly, taking John’s hands in her own. “Please Mary. I-I love him.”
"But-"
"If it makes John happy-"
Sherlock smiled at the messages, feeling his confidence rise slightly. John was by far his biggest supporter, and even though he couldn't be there, it still warmed Sherlock's heart that he cared enough to text.
When they arrived at Sherlock's door, John leaned against the railing of the porch, smirking up at the taller boy as he fumbled with his keys.
“And if I don’t behave?” John growled and bit just slightly too hard on Sherlock’s pale collar bone, pulling a pained whimper from the young man.
“Because I don’t want you to.” John let out a humorless laugh, tugging at his hair and blinking back tears.
"Give me a kiss, and I'll tell you." Sherlock pulled back and pressed a soft kiss to his boyfriend's lips, blushing when the team whistled. "I wanted to see you dance. I asked Mikey to borrow his car, then his dad wound up lending us his van, so everyone came." The team filled the room with boos and laughter, making John blush and confusing Sherlock more.
“No. It just shows up as an infection.”
"Next on the stage, Sherlock Holmes, dancing to 'Mad World' by Gary Jules." Sherlock took a steadying breath and made his way on stage, the knowledge that John was so far away adding to the emotion of his performance.
"Dad!" Sherlock snapped, his cheeks darkening with embarrassment.
“Oh, I was going to say French Fry grease. I think I like your idea better.” John giggled, wincing as the surrounding people shushed him. “Stop that. You’re going to get us kicked out.” He scolded, the harshness of his tone dampened considerably by the grin on his lips.
"I'm the Captain of this vessel boy. You called for a Parlay, consider yourself lucky I'm even talking to you. Parlay is only honoured between pirate captains, not Naval Officers. So, speak before I have Greggy here take you downstairs." He leaned in close and growled into the ear of the pale man. "We've been at sea for a long time and my crew is rather lonely. My cabin does an excellent job of blocking out screams from the Brig." He could feel the tension in the younger man's body grow.
"Shut up, it's our song." Sherlock snapped at his brother before answering the call. "Mycroft is about to have a hernia, you two had better get here soon."
John's yelp of shock was cut off by Sherlock's lips crashing against his own. The sword clattered to the ground as Sherlock released John's lips, his hands resting on either side of John's face.
Confusion flared through him when he caught the cheeky grin that flashed over Molly’s face.
One day, after nearly a month of being home, John came back from wherever it was he would disappear to and Sherlock decided he had had enough.
“Pick your favorite page. Your favorite image your ancestors drew.” John’s brow furrowed in confusion, but he followed his friend’s demand, flipping to his favorite page in the book. He handed the open book back to Sherlock, still feeling slightly lost. “Why did you choose this one?”
“I know, but you can’t. Not with three broken ribs and a concussion-” His words were cut short as Sherlock spun him around and pinned him against the nearest wall. He winced as his head struck the unforgiving surface, but any protest he may have had was kissed away by the skilled lips of Sherlock Holmes.
“John!” Greg shook John’s shoulder gently, pulling his attention to his friend. “John, you need to calm down. Your heart can’t take too much stress right now.”
He slid down the wall, his entire body shaking with shock. He buried his face in his hands and allowed violent sobs to wrack his frame.
"Yeah, that's the third time she's done that now. Persistent, that one." Sherlock huffed a sarcastic laugh, glaring down at the table and mumbling something under his breath. "What was that? I didn't hear you-"
“Yes, yes, it worked.” Sherlock pulled John close, tugging his now-still hands from his face. “John’s injured but alive.”
“J-John?”
"What do you mean? I have no say over your actions."
“I quit John.” John’s knees felt weak as those words washed over him.
“Oh. You should have woken me sooner. I have filming in an hour.” John swallowed the flare of jealousy and ran his hand through his hair.
"Y-Yes- yes Daddy- f-fuck- please let me come Daddy-" He felt John's hips start to stutter and whimpered as he was pushed ever closer to the edge of his orgasm, but he held himself back, wait for John.
“There are positions that-”
Sherlock came first, staining his t-shirt and nearly ripping John's jumper as he tried to silence his cries. John followed close behind, spilling deep within Sherlock's body as he muffled his own sounds against the taller boy's neck.
“He would torture me at work, then take me home and have his way with me there. No one ever commented on the bruises because that’s what Moriarty does. He takes what he wants and leaves you broken in his wake.” John had stopped fighting the tears, letting them fall over Sherlock’s shoulders as he listened to his lover’s painful story. “My mind would tell me every nasty thing he had planned for me when he would look at me. I wanted it to stop, so I OD’d on heroin, or tried to at least.”
“And I am Mrs. Hudson. Drink up Dear, she won’t break.” Sherlock obeyed, wincing as the action irritated his wounds some more. He sipped the tea, all the while listening to the cup chat.
"Oi, where do you think you're going? I thought we were hanging out-"
“Like what?”
“How do you know this?” Sherlock chuckled darkly, wincing as he rose above the deck of the boat, spinning around and humming a soft note. John’s body tingled as the energy around the Siren shifted. John’s eyes widened as the scales that covered his black tail quivered, filling the air with the sound of a quiet snicking as they slid against one another, revealing a horrific burn along the length of his tail.
“Sherlock?”
“Not as short as John’s!” Sherlock felt his heart break as he looked down at John. The strings of time were starting to fray around him. He only had another minute or so before time left his body entirely, at that point, even Death wouldn’t be able to restore him.
"Believe me Father, John takes excellent care of Sherlock, right Brother Dear?" Mycroft quipped, making John choke on a mouthful of juice. The table erupted into chaos, John coughing violently while Mr. and Mrs. Holmes scolded their eldest son. Sherlock seemed to freeze, staring at his plate with wide, unblinking eyes as his cheeks turned a nearly unhealthy shade of red.
“No, I just thought maybe one of you would want a glass.” She took her place between the pair and crossed her legs, pouring her wine and surveying the collection of objects before them. “So, how does this work?”
"I love you Tiny Dancer." John whispered, leaning down to kiss his boyfriend sweetly. Sherlock blushed and timidly traced the neckline of John's shirt, a pleased smile tugging at his lips. "You beautiful thing you." Sherlock's blush deepened and he tried to hide his face, but John stopped his hands before they could cover him, and kissed him again.
“Mycroft, God, I’m sorry.” His voice cracked as his boyfriend turned to grab him in a tight embrace, sobbing into his shoulder. “I’m so sorry.” Tears were slipping down his cheeks as he held the grieving man.
I would rather spend my day watching you practice tbh – SH
“You, can call me Sherlock.”
He helped Sherlock ready the ship, his grin never fading as they pushed off, sailing from E3 together.
"Sorry, sorry, forget I said anything. I-I didn't mean it-" John stopped his words with a gentle kiss.
"I'm transitioning from female to male." Sherlock blushed, pulling the towel tighter across his chest. "I-I should- sorry, but- it-it's cold and I-" John blushed, stepping aside and letting Sherlock pass. "Thank you, Mr. Watson, I should be fine now. I'm sure my presence is making you uncomfortable." John spun, gripping the other kid's elbow and stopping him in his tracks.
Now he was dying in a cold hospital room, and it was all Sherlock's fault.
They finally arrived at Sherlock's room, both shirtless with their trousers undone and hanging off their hips. John latched onto Sherlock's neck and sucked hard enough to leave a dark bruise. Sherlock whimpered and pushed him back onto the bed, staring down at his flatmate in awe.
This is how The Beast would draw him in. Now Sherlock owed him.
"J-John- n-no- pl-please d-don't-" Sherlock felt John pull his fingers out gently and shift so he was hovering over Sherlock's body. The emptiness was shocking, and Sherlock squirmed, lifting his hips and tugging on his hair. "John- John please-" Soft lips pressing against his caught his pleas and slowed his mind.
“Let him go.” The image of a woman appeared before him, petite, blonde, and pretty. She smiled sadly at him, clasping her hands in front of her and backing away. He followed her, coming to a stop in front of a large glass dome. Under the glass, stood the stem of a rose, blackened petals surrounding it.
“Let him go, and fuck off.” He deepened his voice, barking out the command in the same manor that he used to command soldiers. The men grinned, letting go of Sherlock and letting him slump to the ground. They stalked towards John, trying to intimidate him.
“You’re sure this man loves us?” Sherlock nodded, dropping to his knees and heaving a great sob, clutching his stomach and rocking to try to ease his way into death.
“Calling you what?”
“John?”
“Alright, hang tight. I’m with Mycroft now, we’ll be there in twenty minutes.”
“Why does she keep staring at me like that?”
They danced through a few songs, holding each other close as John sang quietly along with the music. A familiar set of notes echoed through the gym, pulling a grin onto Sherlock's lips. He pulled back, laughing along with John as the rest of the Rugby team crowded around them, singing loudly.
Sherlock planned on dragging John all the back to Baker Street, but then he felt the blogger pinch his arse and made a sharp turn into an alley.
"Perfect! What's your number? I'll text you my address." They exchanged numbers quickly, John chattering on about how much Sherlock was going to love the movie.
“Stay.” The word was soft, almost inaudible, but it froze John in his tracks.
“Wait, how is Sherlock? Did he survive the trip?” There was a moment of hesitation and Mike felt his chest tighten.
“J-John-”
His mind went offline as John started pressing in, moving almost painfully slow.
"I'm coming in guys!" Harry's voice came from the other side of the door, and John yelped as Sherlock dislodged him, sending him tumbling to the side. "Dad called, said you've been ignoring his messages." John groaned, dropping his head against the mattress. "You've got to talk to him eventually John."
“I will do no such thing Sherlock. This is for the best.”
"John-"
Let's play a game – JW
See you Friday – SH
“Well, were you buried or cremated?”
"Whoa, hey mate, breathe. What's-"
This time, Greg looked up, not missing the flash of green on the heart monitor next to Sherlock’s head.
“You know, Sherlock is-”
“John?”
"Sod off."
"You okay?" Eurus nodded, blushing lightly as she blinked down at John.
“He’s not a pet-”
As the Siren sang, the images on the pages lifted off, swirling around the pair to engulf them in a galaxy from a thousand suns past.
He braced his hands against the cold brick and push back to meet each of John's thrusts, little whimpers and moans escaping his throat with each one.
John struggled to keep up with Sherlock, his shorter legs putting him several paces behind his friend. He decided to keep his distance, giving Sherlock the space he needed to brood. It was a long walk back to Sherlock’s flat, and John was not properly dressed for it. Halfway there, John’s shoulder started to ache in the cold. He sped up and grabbed Sherlock’s elbow, forcing the taller man to stop.
"It's alright, you gorgeous thing. Show me your brilliant mind." Sherlock whimpered as John's fingers found his left nipple, gently teasing the sensitive skin. He turned his attention back to his work as told, letting his mind and body work separately. John always knew what he needed, when he needed it. The doctor could pick up on subtle hints that Sherlock wasn't even aware he was giving off.
“I love you.” Sherlock’s whisper was soft, barely audible over the sounds of E6, but it cut through John’s heart like a bullet. He sobbed, but didn’t turn around. He had made his choice, and same as Mikey, he wouldn’t let Sherlock be the one that found him when he gave up.
His chest heaved painfully and he tugged at his curls, but the action sent an image of John tugging her hair spiraling across his mind and he felt a fresh wave of nausea crash over him.
“John, please don’t do this.”
“As much as I am enjoying the chemistry between you two, we need to get started.” The man with the clipboard said, sounding irritated.
“I did no such thing-”
Sherlock felt a sense of trepidation as he continued exploring. He fought back the urge to turn and run, pressing towards an intricate set of doors at the end of the long hall. When he reached them, he pushed, trying to swing them open. They barely moved, and the action caused his chest to flare in pain. He whimpered, clutching his hand to his chest and leaning heavily against the door.
He could never remember why he chose this town, but something always told him to stay. An insistent urge to remain.
"I said; you're Sherlock, right? Mycroft's little brother?" The confusion must have shown on Sherlock's face, because the young man laughed softly and reached out his hand. "John Watson, Myc is dating a buddy of mine." Recognition sparked in Sherlock's mind as he shook John's hand.
“Oh, Gavin. H-he did?”
(See the end of the chapter for
But he wasn’t John.
“Hurt him how?”
"Sorry, but I-I have to do this." The confidence in the boy's eyes was quickly replaced by panic and fear. "If- if he finds me-"
It’s dark when Sherlock wakes, blinking in the darkness of the bathroom. The blood on his wrists is dried, cracking and pulling as he moves. He gags at the unpleasant scent of stale blood, pushing himself painfully to his feet.
A spark of realization washed over John and he stepped closer to Sherlock, stretching his hand out to his friend.
"About the astounding lack of food in this place? I was just about to order Indian, you want something?"
"Please Babe? I just want Greg to be happy."
"Oi, what's going on here? Mikey wearing that pink shirt again?" He pushed his through the group of boys, trying to find the source of their amusement.
It was shaping up to be the best Christmas yet.
“Well shit.” John grumbled after a few minutes of reading. He looked up and caught Sherlock’s eyes. “Your burn is tainted with the blood of one James Moriarty.” Sherlock felt a wave of nausea grip his stomach at the thought of having Moriarty’s blood under his skin.
"Then take a breather and help me finish these chips." Sherlock chuckled, blushing as he reluctantly reached for a chip.
“No. We are almost to your flat, then you need to rest.” Sherlock protested, nuzzling his face against John’s neck and sucking on the skin there. John pushed him off gently and helped him out of the now-stopped cab. “Do you have your keys?”
“Why not? Mycroft made some good points, and its not like you have any issue with me working, right?” John snapped, pushing Sherlock away and smirking darkly. “Give me one good reason why I shouldn’t sign my life over to your brother?”
God, I wish you were here – JW
Until now apparently.
He cried out as his head connected with the wall. He was being pinned by none other than Sherlock Holmes.
"You're a mess." Sherlock snorted at John's words, shaking his head and pushing at his chest, his legs beginning to ache from being in that position for too long. John caught the hint and lifted him off his lap, Sherlock whimpering as he felt John's limp member slip from his body.
“I-I- w-we were going to, but his h-heart-” Sherlock’s words were cut off by his own sob.
Sherlock grinned darkly, letting an empty laugh fill the space between them.
"Yes Dear."
"Why are you defending that-" John stepped closer to Anderson, the boy who had, no doubt, started the whole attack.
“I-I didn’t die-”
"What are you trying to ask, Geoffrey?" Lestrade flushed, rubbing the back of his neck and shifting uncomfortably. "I don't feel the urge or need to have sex, whereas John only feels sexually attracted to women- oh." Lestrade's vague questions suddenly clicked in the back of Sherlock's mind, and he swallowed thickly at the thought of John being unsatisfied in their relationship.
“John?”
Moriarty had turned John so he could watch the first sun setting, re-positioning his body so that while his arms were still trussed above his head, he was kneeling on the cold floor. There was a reason for the position change, of course. Moriarty had broken John’s knee and was forcing him to bend the ruined joint.
"Maybe next time I'll just strip you down and bend you over the sofa, eh?" Sherlock whimpered as his member gave a half-hearted twitch at that. John laughed and grabbed his hand, leading him towards the bathroom. "Come on Love, let's go take a shower and then we will go to bed. Sound good?"
“It’s the truth. Said you have a bit of a temper. He got lippy and you snapped.”
"No." Sherlock blanched at the harshness of Gavin's tone, blinking uncertainly at the older man. "You need to talk to him, sit down and discuss this like adults."
“Because I love you, and I want to be with you, and that is really hard to do when I just pass right through you every time I try to touch you.” They never talked about their relationship, just kind of accepting the emotions that were there between them.
“I’ll miss you too Love.” Sherlock smiled and leaned in, pressing a gentle kiss to John’s lips. “I’ll be back soon.” He left before the pale man could lock him in again.
“Hello Mr. Stamford.”
“You fucking left me! You let me believe you were dead for months!” Sherlock shuffled forward, keeping his distance. “Why didn’t you call? One word, that’s all I needed Sherlock. One, fucking word.” John shifted so he was kneeling before Sherlock, reaching out a gentle hand and caressing his face, a sob catching in his throat at the pain and regret he saw in the other man’s eyes. “I’m so sorry Sherlock.” He whispered, pulling his hand away and clutching at his chest as the fire sparked and he was wracked with painful sobs.
“No!” He flushed, he hadn’t meant to shout. He still was slightly terrified of The Beast.
John pushed back against him until his knees hit the bed. Sherlock caught the hint and sat, still gripping John's hips so that the shorter boy now stood between his legs.
“He kept everything down okay? No vomiting?”
“Hey Mikey, what did you-”
“No. John would never hurt me. Wolves did this to me. John saved my life. Please Mike. I’ve got to save him.” Mike looked uncertain for a moment, not really trusting what Sherlock was saying.
“I was young, twenty-one, and still fairly naïve, so it wasn’t hard for him to convince me that he loved me.” John fought back a wave of anger at the thought of someone mistreating Sherlock. “He was strong, dominant, and dangerous and I fell hard.”
“Victor-”
“Yeah. I always liked chemistry but I sucked at it. Hang on a minute.” He jumped up from his seat, hurrying from the room. He had an idea that he was certain Sherlock would love.
"What's going on here?" A vaguely familiar voice startled Anderson, who backed away and spun, revealing a few of the Rugby players, led by John's friend Gavin.
"Because I've done some research, and everything I've read says that just because I don't feel the need for sex, doesn't mean I can't enjoy it when I'm with someone I care about-"
"Sorry guys, guess we're going to be bailing on you. Stay and enjoy, eh? See you Monday Greg!" John grabbed Sherlock's elbow and pulled the other boy out of the restaurant, leaving Greg and Mycroft standing by the table.
“Sod off.”
They had slotted him with Sherlock Holmes.
“Sherlock! Long time, no see.” The voice that haunted his nightmares filled the small space, causing Sherlock to jump, spinning around and reeling backwards.
He listened to that part.
The young man was smiling down at him, his eyebrow cocked and head tilted to the side, and it took Sherlock far too long to register that he had been the one to say his name. He pulled his earphones out and tried to make his voice work, but only managed a timid hum.
"Yeah, but you aren't anymore. And I'm not too keen on the thought of you having to keep quiet while I take you apart." Sherlock felt his knees go weak at those words, and let John lead him out of the party, once again losing himself in the confidence of his boyfriend.
He had to get out. He had to leave. He refused to allow himself to be taken by James Moriarty.
Sherlock was about to tell John that he was ready when John's fingers crooked up and brushed against the little bundle of nerves within him. His back arched sharply and his vision went white as a cry fell from his lips.
Clearly Sherlock had no issue with working while they were together, so why should he? Mycroft wasn’t wrong; stability was something that the porn industry couldn’t offer. He pulled the cap off the pen and hovered it above the line, praying this was the right thing to do.
"Fuck, Sherlock. You- you're gorgeous like this babe." John's voice was rough and breathy, and his teeth scraped along Sherlock's ribcage, sending a thrill along his spine as his mind tried to warn him
“Why are you here Moriarty?” Sherlock struggled to keep his voice steady as he found himself backed against the wall.
His crew was shouting excitedly, crowded around the mast of the ship. He pushed his way through the crowd, the shouts and laughter of the crew falling quiet as they became aware of his presence. He elbowed his way to the middle of the crowd, taking in the sight that lay before him.
“Sherlock!” John struggled against his bonds, his shoulder and knee screaming in pain. “Sherlock, please listen to me!”
“What’s wrong John? Not used to people standing up to you? I’ll bet no one’s done that since you stood up to your abusive father. How old were you the last time he touched you? Fifteen? Sixteen?” John was crying now, tears falling freely as he stood still, ever the soldier, taking the abuse like he used to.
"Don't be sorry Babe, just remember to breathe, yeah?" Sherlock nodded, biting his lip anxiously. "You know, you can touch me if you want." Sherlock's hands twitched and he blinked up at John, feeling lost and helpless. "What's wrong?"
"You know, you're making this really difficult Love."
"We've known each other for seven years, and you never noticed the fact that I've only been saying that since Mary left?" Sherlock blinked down at the man in his arms, trying to process what was happening.
“But you aren’t, we can bring you back-”
“Well if you don’t know, then you may need to revaluate your choices buddy.” John could hear Greg snigger behind him, the strangely beautiful man shooting a glare at John’s friend before turning his gaze back to the med student.
“I warned you Time.” The overly-sweet voice of Fate cut through the air. Sherlock spun, placing himself between John and the Entity. She stood in the far corner of the room, watching the two men as though bored. Sherlock pulled out his pocket watch, there could be a fight and he needed to keep John safe.
"No. No, like this. Please Daddy, I-I can't wait-" Sherlock made another keening sound as John gripped his hair and pulled him in for a rough kiss.
Once Sherlock was fully seated, John willed his body to relax, nodding at the pale man when he was ready for him to move. He whined as Sherlock started to move within him, slowly at first, then with more force. Every thrust pulled against his prostate and caught his erection between their bodies.
“That atrocity you used is symbolic. This one is important.” He snapped, holding the watch in one hand while hovering his other hand over it. “Now, I am going to slow time, only the person I have been bonded with will be able to move outside of time. When I reset time again, I will make sure the other two will be able to tell who it was.”
"You had to go and have a child." John laughed, that wonderful, full-bodied laugh that Sherlock had fallen in love with, and kissed him lightly.
Greg says, 'Break a leg.' – JW
“It’s too late!” The voice echoed through his mind, his eyes filling with tears at the pain.
“Please tell me you didn’t watch our tape?” Sherlock sounded disgusted, his face turning a bright red as he glared at his brother.
"John?"
"You just did, remember? Or did I cause you to, as they say, 'come your brains out'?
He pressed John up against the brick wall of the alley and kissed him roughly, tugging at his clothes.
"Fine!" Sherlock was moving before he could stop himself, jumping to his feet and stalking towards his friend. John stumbled back until he slammed against the wall, confusion and fear in his eyes.
“How is this my fault?”
“Yes. You wouldn’t have to worry about fielding your own requests and booking your own shoots. We would do all of that for you. I just need you to sign these papers and then everything will be good.” Mycroft handed John a small stack of papers and a pen.
"I'm good at filling in the boring bits."
His last thought before passing into unconsciousness was a wish for death.
When they arrived at the school, John drove around to the far back corner of the parking lot, taking care to keep away from any other vehicles, while still staying under the streetlights.
“I thought I told you to stay in your room. You could get hurt.”
“You have a lovely place here Sherlock, almost as lovely as you look right now.” His voice was dark and predatory, his tone causing Sherlock to flinch in discomfort.
“What the hell are we going to do now?”
John set the sail and secured the line before slumping against the side of the boat. The blood had stopped flowing a while back, but the wounds were still open.
“Gavin?” He spun back to face Sherlock, his head spinning.
John Watson wanted to live. He wanted to stay with this crazy, dangerous creature for the rest of his days, and he tried to pour every single one of those thoughts into the kiss. He pulled back slightly and rested his forehead against Sherlock’s, smiling softly.
“How long have you been like this, Brother Mine?” Mycroft asked, crossing is arms and glaring at Sherlock.
John was making his way to the locker room when the sounds of laughter caught his attention. His fellow rugby teammates could be loud when they found something to amuse them, and when that happened, that usually meant that someone was getting picked on.
“What setting?”
"I'm not your housekeeper, I'm your God Mother, Silly Goose." Sherlock blushed again, huffing in irritation before descending the rest of the steps to stand before John.
"Seriously? You guys are sticking up for this freak?" Sherlock felt tears welling in his eyes at the harsh words.
“Why don’t you guys just come here? I’m sure Mycroft will help-”
He clambered onto the animal, kicking it into action as he galloped through town, ignoring the curses and cries of the people.
“You’re an idiot.”
They fought for breath as they came down, John clinging desperately to Sherlock while he sucked more marks to John’s neck and chest.
“So, you’re pretty quiet.” Mike grinned at Sherlock, leaning across the table. “Not exactly John’s type, he does tend to go for people that are a little less-” He waved his hands at Sherlock, a gesture the Siren didn’t understand.
"God, you're a bloody git sometimes, you know that?" John growled against his lips, sucking and biting the bottom one as firm hands pressed his hips back against the mirror. "You know, I've been here for an hour, watching you dance."
“They’re idiots.” He grumbled before walking on, Sherlock following a decent distance behind. “You alright back there?” He asked after a while. Sherlock whimpered as they reached the top of the stairs. He was getting dizzy and the pain was higher than it had been all day. “Sherlock?” The rumbling voice had started to fade as he lost the function of his legs, tumbling down the stairs.
“And if it doesn’t?” Greg hesitated, he had been trying to avoid that question.  Sherlock nodded, stepping close to the bed and climbing on, lying down so he disappeared into his physical body. “If I don’t wake up, tell John I love him.” Greg nodded, blinking away the tears as his friend’s spirit faded away.
“Can we please discuss this later?” The pain was excruciating and he knew it was only going to get worse when Mike took his sample. Mike nodded and knelt before Sherlock, pulling out a small Med Kit and inspecting the wound. “Take from the burn, not the cut.” Mike looked at Sherlock, concern and fear in his eyes. There was no doubt he recognized the seal.
“He was here, critical condition. Sword was run through his chest and punctured his lung. He was awake, but non-responsive when he arrived. What the hell happened to him John? I’ve never seen psychological symptoms like that before.”
“You’ll have to let me investigate that one day.” He mumbled as he wiped his mess from Sherlock’s chest and stomach. The Siren laughed, touching his jaw and pressing a soft kiss to his lips.
“We are going to summon Death?”
For the first time in years, Sherlock felt as though he belonged.
“Well, I can’t have my future husband’s heart belonging to a beast, can I?”
He screamed louder and started digging at his skull, trying to pull the sight from his brain. Something in the back corner of his mind told him to stop, that it was The Spider’s Song, but he couldn’t. He had to make it stop.
“Now, now you pretty thing, don’t try to distract him. He has work to do.” Moriarty stepped away from John and moved to the control panel, pushing buttons and smirking at the Siren.
“No!” The harshness in Sherlock’s tone shocked John, and he looked up, instantly reading the distress in the Siren’s eyes. “If you heal the cut the seal will be intact. If the seal is intact, Moriarty can find me.” The Siren sighed, wincing as he lowered himself to the deck. “If Moriarty finds me-” He ran his finger through his hair, tugging harshly.
"Such a good boy." John growled, biting and sucking a dark mark against his sternum. Sherlock's erection pulsed, dripping precome onto John's hand as a fresh wave of arousal washed over him at John's words.
“It didn’t. John is immune to my song-”
"But-"
SMUT WARNING!!!!!
“No. But we are in love apparently, and I have heard that love is madness.” John grinned, knowing he probably looked like a fool. Sherlock was smirking, and John knew that if he wasn’t a ghost, the man probably would be blushing like a teenager.
“You were defending your sister against a violent man. You were fighting for your people. You are not a bad man, John.”
"M-My bag, l-lubricant-" John hurried to his feet, catching Sherlock's lips in a rough kiss before crossing the room to rifle through Sherlock's bag.
"It's John." Lestrade chocked on his coffee, coughing violently as Sherlock fidgeted awkwardly. He knew the conversation that was about to happen, and had been dreading it.
Sherlock felt his cheeks burn as he sent the last message, suddenly very glad he was sitting alone.
“Uh, yeah, this is John. What’s up?”
“My birthday is in January.”
He was living there for almost three weeks when things started to get weird. His tea would suddenly fall off the table, or the kitchen cabinets would slam closed if he left them open.
“John, I don’t understand. Why are you so happy? What did the note say?” John kissed Sherlock enthusiastically, chuckling against the Siren’s lips. He rested his forehead against Sherlock’s and grinned, the burning in his chest morphing into a pleasant warmth that spread over his bones.
The boy was gone by the time Sherlock managed to recover. He cursed, spinning and slamming his fist into the wall.
“Right, sorry Marvin.”
"We're in the same class, I'm sure we will- oh." John laughed, pushing off the railing and stepping closer to Sherlock. "S-So you- you want to- you weren't k-kidding? You really want to date me?" John rolled his eyes, leaning up and pressing a soft kiss to the other boy's lips.
He dangled the man off the edge of the castle, feeling his anger rise as a morbid look of amusement flashed over Moriarty’s face.
“Gods John, no.” Sherlock shifted, coming closer and kneeling in front of John. The Siren took John’s face in his hands and pressed soft kisses to his face and lips. “You have nothing to apologize for. I went to Moriarty, I gave myself over to him. Neither of us knew he had that blade, he would have killed me anyways. My brother is an idiot, he told you that I had died and then told me the same about you. It was your friend Geoffrey that finally told me the truth.” Sherlock sobbed and John felt his heart break. “Then Michael called and told me that you were- you were going to kill yourself again and I-” John pulled him close and kissed him, crawling onto the Siren’s lap and holding him close. “I-I couldn’t live with myself if- if you-” John shook his head and kissed Sherlock deeply, his chest burning as painfully as it did when Sherlock was stabbed.
“I-I-”
“What are you going to do to me?” The question fell from his lips before he could stop it. The Beast stopped mid-turn, hesitating at Sherlock’s question.
He was pulled from his thoughts when he heard his name, mumbled from the doorway of the kitchen.
“Yes.”
“I will set him free-”
He situated the condom on the head of Sherlock's erection and looked up at him, smirking dangerously. He then preceded to lower his mouth onto Sherlock's member, rolling the condom on in one smooth motion. Sherlock moaned helplessly at the action, watching his new lover in awe as John easily took most of him down his throat.
"Well, the night's not over yet, let me make it up to you."
A warm, firm weight pressed against his back, and a familiar scent pulled him from his mind.
Can't promise that – SH
“Let him go James.” Cold dread coupled with an unfamiliar spark tore through John’s chest at the voice that came from behind him. Moriarty looked up, still gripping John’s throat and grinned, the expression an unpleasant mix of gleeful and empty.
"What- what was that about?" Sherlock asked breathlessly, still grinning widely. John leaned against the tree, trying to calm his racing heart and laughed the adrenaline still racing through his veins.
"Fine." John sighed dramatically, sitting back and stretching, sending fire through Sherlock's body. "What time are you dancing tomorrow?"
The young man’s lungs stayed clear and the infection started to fade, but he still didn’t wake up. John was beginning to get concerned when he heard a soft moan come from the pale boy. He stopped reading and sat up, pressing the back of his paw to his cheek, testing his temperature. Sherlock had developed a fever shortly after John had cleared his lungs.
Being the focus of a mind as brilliant and wild as that of Sherlock Holmes was something John Watson was certain he would never get used to. Sherlock watched him endlessly as he steered their little vessel through the stars. When he wasn’t tugging on ropes, or turning the ship in the right directions, Sherlock’s hands were all over him, documenting the different feelings and reactions his touch provoked.
“He is going to die if I don’t get us out of here. Please Mike, I know you don’t trust me, but John is on the verge of clawing his brains out.” Sherlock pointed the camera to John, showing Mike the damage the other man was doing to himself. “Please Mike, he is going to kill himself.”
Then Sherlock lowered his hand. John was expecting the usual flash of cold and burst of static electricity at the touch. He braced himself for the sadness that always accompanied being unable to touch Sherlock.
“Looks like Mikey’s done. Let’s head back to the compound.” John started to walk away, and Sherlock was gripped with the need to touch him.
“Well-”
“It’s not early Love. Its one in the afternoon.”
John was almost halfway through the book before Sherlock showed any signs of improving. Mycroft checked in frequently, never staying for more than a few minutes at a time.
“I-It’s not- I-I don’t-”
“Well, as I said before, if the shoe fits.” Sherlock’s blush deepened.
“Where’s Sherlock?” He asked Molly. She was in a slightly better mood this time, but still grumpy.
“I-I don’t know. We were so young-”
The voice in his head kept it’s promise, never letting himself succeed in taking his life again. He hated the reasoning that it used.
He would return in the morning.
Sherlock moved his hands up to cup John's jaw and kissed him, firmly enough to pull a shocked sound from the shorter boy. They stumbled back against the wall where Sherlock pinned his boyfriend, taking the upper hand for the first time, and deepened the kiss.
“Jesus. What happened?”
“Greg!”
John turned to face the girl, handing her the towel and turning away, trying to give her some privacy.
“She was Fate and his name was Moriarty.”
“I don’t care!” Mycroft’s voice was harsh and Sherlock couldn’t stop the violent flinch that tore through him.
“What John?” The younger man snapped, his eyes wide and wet and the tip of his nose red in the icy air. He looked like a little boy and John felt his heart break for him.
"We've long passed the standard of Parlay Mr. Holmes, I am bound by no laws. Therefore, witnesses are not required for our conversations." John reached for the bottle of whiskey he kept hidden in his desk, reserved for special occasions. He grabbed a pair of glasses and poured himself and Sherlock a drink, handing one to the younger man. "You are safe in here Mr. Holmes."
“I should buy you a tiara.” Sherlock blinked in confusion, causing John to giggle some more. “I think you would look cute with a sparkly tiara sitting on those curls.” Sherlock blushed, unsure how to respond. “Not that I don’t think you look cute anyways, in fact, I think you’re fucking gorgeous.”
"So you do remember me?" The boy smirked, still picking at the cuffs.
“Yes me. Now hush, you shouldn’t be talking so much. Your throat could have damage-”
“Yeah, I don’t know what got into him. I’ve never seen anything like that before, I’m a little worried to be honest. He is never like that.” Sherlock felt a spark of concern start to pool in his gut. “Is everything alright with you two?” This time, Sherlock did drop the beaker. By some miracle, Lestrade managed to catch it. “You okay?”
“Did Mycroft-?”
“I-I- I-”
"Is this what you want Love? You want me to take you apart here, where anyone could see?" He leaned up and bit Sherlock's earlobe, pulling a whimper from the taller man. "You want me to suck you off then fuck you until you scream?" Sherlock nodded, whining and bucking his hips against John's. The hand teasing his nipples moved to his hip and shoved them back roughly, making him gasp in pleasure. "You like it like this, don't you, you Gorgeous Thing? You like it just a bit too rough, a bit dangerous? Tell me what you want Sherlock."
“I-I- I don’t know.”
“An excellent question Miss Mouse.”
"Because you're beautiful." Sherlock blushed, smiling softly at John's words. "Happy Christmas Love."
"I am happy, you silly git." He whispered softly, nuzzling his nose along Sherlock's cheek, barely stifling a yawn. "Are you happy, Love?" Sherlock pressed up, catching John's lips in a firm kiss.
He was so confident in his skills, he even made a bet with Greg Lestrade, who was dating Sherlock's older brother Mycroft, that he could make the detective lose his composure in public quicker than Greg could make Mycroft lose his.
“Now, now Brother Dear, I’m sure you can use that oversized brain of yours to figure it out.” A new voice cut through the air, sending fear and rage sparking through Sherlock. He looked up to see the tall frame of his older brother leaning on his infernal umbrella.
Sherlock winced as the voice in his head shouted at him. So, this was the mysterious John Watson.
"So you would be totally fine with sleeping alone at night, knowing that John is off somewhere, fucking some random woman, instead of lying next to you?" Nausea swept through Sherlock's body and he shifted uncomfortably, not wanting to think about that.
“Nah, you love me.” John winked at him, not missing the crimson tint that rose over the pale man’s cheeks. He fought back his own blush as his own words registered in his mind. “S-sorry I-”
“Sher-” He felt his knees give out and would have hit the ground if Sherlock hadn’t caught him. He felt Sherlock lift him off his feet and carry him to the sofa, his world spinning as he fought to breathe.
"Don't call me that."
“Yes John?”
Sherlock's grin widened when he heard his phone ring, Tiny Dancer filling the small room.
“Can you blame me son? Remember what happened the last time you met someone on set?”
“Don’t you dare.” John whispered before closing the gap between them and finally kissing the man he had loved for so long.
“Well, you are the only idiot that has tried to bind me in the last thousand years. I guess that means it’s just you.” He found himself fighting back hope for the second time.
“God, please don’t say something gross, like his cum or something.”
“Sherlock’s not coming. Not after what I did to him.” Moriarty tilted his head to the side, stepping close to John and eyeing him curiously. “Go ahead, you might as well just kill me now. He’s not coming and I have no reason to live, so just get it over with.” Moriarty grinned and John felt searing pain as the man sunk a long blade into his side.
The sounds that fell from Sherlock's mouth were against his control, short whimpers and cries as John's length repeatedly brushed against his prostate.
“J-John-”
"Look at you Baby, so desperate," Sherlock's back arched sharply and a loud cry fell from his lips as John gripped his erection tightly.
“G-87. That’s your shade, correct?” John looked back at Molly helplessly, unsure how to respond. She picked up a makeup brush and threw it at the sofa. A head of dark curls popped up from one of the ends, a low whine sounding from the figure. “Stop throwing things! You’re going to bruise me!”
"Is there anything else I can get you John?" The waitress, John thought her name was Mary or something like that, asked.
“H-hello? Lestrade told me to come talk to you.”
"Boy, sounds like someone needs to get laid."
When they found her, she was chattering excitedly with her partner, whose name was still escaping John's mind. Harry caught sight of them and gripped the boy's elbow, dragging him over to where John and his mother were hovering.
“Where there is a strict dress code?”
As he struck the wall, the castle shook violently and Sherlock could hear the distant beep of a heart monitor. He grabbed the sick man again and slammed him harshly against the wall.
“What do you want Moriarty?”
"You are free to leave if you wish. Unless you would rather me keep you bound in here." Sherlock glared at the ground, adjusting his belt and tugging on his sleeves. John grabbed his elbow, stilling his actions. "We can sail to the nearest colony and leave you there if you wish." He pulled Sherlock close and fiddled with the buttons on the taller man's jacket. "Or, you could stay with me." He whispered, blushing as Sherlock stared at him.
"Breathe Love, you need to breathe." John whispered, placing soft kisses over Sherlock's face and neck.
“Then how do I sail?”
John's fists were clenched at his sides and he was fighting to keep his breath steady. His pupils were dilated, and his tongue kept darting out to lick at his bottom lip.
“Y-Your brother funds your pornos?”
“Fine.” The door finally swung open, Sherlock finally releasing it. He had started practicing with his abilities, which usually meant locking John in various rooms and preventing him from leaving. “I don’t know why you have to go see this friend. Am I boring you already?” John sighed, stepping close to Sherlock and offering him an understanding smile.
“You look the same.” John could feel his body start to tremble as Sherlock’s fingers found his chin and pulled his face up to meet his.
“Just, go to bed.” Lestrade grumbled, hopping off the table and stalking out of the room. “And stop yelling at your husband, he takes it out on me.”
Fine.... What do you want then? – SH
“But John-” He shot a glare at the student that shushed him. “I like making you smile.” John blushed and focused on his laptop, trying to ignore the smug grin Sherlock was pointing at him.
“Hey, Sherlock?” He spoke as softly as he could, hoping he wouldn’t scare the young man. “Hey, talk to me Sherlock.” The young man whimpered and he clenched his eyes tight, his fingers twitching against the sheets. “Come on Sherlock, open your eyes.” The young man obeyed, prying his eyes open. John saw the fear fill his face as he tried to move away.
“No, it was very good. Just, overwhelming.” It had felt as though his entire body had been struck by an icy bolt of lightening, shocking through him and burning through to his very core. “I don’t want to wear you out.”
“Mycroft. And no, he cancelled again.”
“I threw him against a wall Gavin. His head was bleeding.”
"Of course I'm fucking mad at him! He hurt you!" John stepped closer to Sherlock, grabbing his hips and tugging him closer. "Why didn't you tell me this was happening, Love? I-I would have- I would have stopped them." Fresh tears fell from Sherlock's eyes as John leaned up, pressing a soft kiss to his lips. "J-Just, please tell me it's not true. Tell me you didn't-" Sherlock shook his head frantically, leaning down to kiss the shorter boy timidly.
He just wanted John to be happy.
Once John finished, he cleaned up himself and his nearly unconscious lover before starting to attempt to haul Sherlock home.
Once he felt slightly more human, he made his way into the kitchen, trying to remember where he put the aspirin.
"It's fine Love, she's had more than two in a day when Mrs. Hudson watches her."
He pulled out his Cell and sent Mike a message, letting him know they had arrived. He pulled his Star Sailor into the dock and paid the fee before leading Sherlock through the familiar streets. He could feel the stares of people recognizing him as they walked, but no one approached them.
Firm hands gripped his hips and spun him, pressing him back against the door, pulling a gasp from him.
The ball was beautiful, all the people of the town gathered in their finest clothes to see the Prince wed his groom.
As much as John enjoyed the prep, he hated the awkward minutes leading up to filming. Those moments when he was passed around, inspected by the directors and instructed on what to do.
While he waited, he tried to finish his chemistry homework, staring blankly at the words on the sheet.
Three hours later, John Watson and a very human looking Sherlock were being pushed through the gates of E2.
“John? Sherlock?” A new voice came from the doorway, pulling more memories from the dusty, abandoned corner of Sherlock’s mind. He pulled away from John, looking towards the voice and saw Mycroft, his older brother, standing in the door.
“Your shoulder.” John rubbed absently at the joint, feeling the poorly healed skin under his fingers. “That scar is less than a year old, and you carry yourself with the confidence of a soldier. Also, your Energy Bow is military issue, but not the latest one.” John smirked, knowing he must look like a gaping fool. “What happened?” At that, John’s heart throbbed painfully and he looked away, the smirk disappearing from his lips.
The angry peal of heart monitors filled the room as Sherlock’s body began to convulse.
“Is that any way to talk to your Captain?” John could practically feel Sherlock tense beside him and sent him a cheeky grin.
He lashed out again, breaking another pane of glass with his fists, screaming as he felt the glass tear through his skin.
“Sherlock, what-”
“Y-You know-”
“John!”
John was leaving, taking off to go get shot at somewhere across the world, while he was heading to New York to dance at some prestigious academy.
"I told you, I don't know what you want from me." Sherlock rolled his eyes, sending the boy a irritated glare as he settled heavily back against the chair.
“Don’t thank me Mr. Watson. Thank my brother.” The line went dead, and John had to physically stop himself from jumping up and down. He had barely stopped thinking about Sherlock since they had filmed, and now he was going to get to film with him again.
"You know, Greg, from the team? You call him Gavin?"
“Moriarty. He shot Sherlock.” John raced up the stairs, going as quickly as he could without dropping the young man. “Hang on Sherlock.”
“What am I supposed to do Sherlock? I can’t get the memories out of my head. Every time I close my eyes, all I can see is the faces of my crew as they died. They died to save me, Sherlock, every single one of them.” John had turned to face Sherlock, barely fighting back the tears. “I should have died that day. It should have been me.” Sherlock frowned, glaring at the ground. John sniffled and wiped his eyes. “Let’s go. Mikey’s waiting.” He turned and stalked away, not waiting for Sherlock’s response.
They had started this relationship shortly after John moved back to Baker Street, and were finally getting past the awkward, I-have-no-idea-how-to-do-this stage. John always insisted on talking through anything that came up between them, especially things revolving around sex. Not that it was necessary, neither of them really had any major kinks to negotiate.
“T-thank you.” Sherlock whispered, feeling slightly overwhelmed. “No one has ever- I-I don’t- how can I ever-” An unpleasant flash of realization sparked in his gut.
“Sherlock! What-” John’s words were cut short by the soft press of Sherlock’s lips against his own.
“Shut up! I’m in the middle of something!” He snapped, sending her a dark glare before turning his attention back to John.
“Well I just talked to him about an hour ago and he seemed, I don’t know, flustered or something.” Sherlock almost dropped the beaker he was holding. John had only left the lab about an hour ago. Why would he have been flustered then?
“Hmm. I love how sensitive you are Captain Watson. It makes me want to see what kinds of sounds I can get you to make if I take my time.” John whimpered as Sherlock bit down on his pulse point. He moved so he was straddling the thin man’s lap, kissing him deeply and letting him tug his shirt over his head.
John takes Sherlock on their first date, he makes it one to remember.
"John, I literally live in my own filth and neglect personal hygiene in favour of playing with dead things. I am the furthest thing from posh."
“Mikey, I-”
He smiled against Sherlock's lips when he felt the boy sigh into the kiss.
“His touch would make your heart race dangerously due to the electricity it took to sustain him, but you ignored the pain and kept kissing him.” John knew he must look like a fool, but all he could do was nod and gape. “When you collapsed, he wanted nothing more than to help you, to try to restart your heart so he wouldn’t lose you. But he was the one that stopped your heart and it almost killed him knowing that he had killed you.”
When they finally got home, John stood in the middle of 221B Baker Street, looking around and feeling his heart flutter. Sherlock stepped up behind him and wrapped his arms around his waist, pressing soft kisses against the skin of his neck.
His entire being was on fire with pain as John pounded on the door behind him.
“Y-Yeah, um, this is John. What’s up?”
“John, please, don’t do this again.” John sighed, feeling a sense of familiarity wash over him. Less than a year ago, they had been having this exact conversation. He fought with the ropes for a few more minutes, his hands shaking violently.
“Who are you? We aren’t trespassing, this is college property.” John straightened his shoulders and clenched his fists. The new man ran his eyes along John’s frame, taking in every inch of him with intrigued eyes. John licked his bottom lip and shifted on his feet.
“Why are you sorry? You have nothing to apologize for.”
“Of course, just relax. Everything is going to be fine.” Sherlock pursed his lips uncertainly, looking young and terrified. John took his hand and offered him a soft smile.
Sherlock spends Christmas with John and his family
"Babe, I get it, believe me, but you can't go around attacking everyone that thinks I'm boring."
"Yes, I did, and I'm trying to show you that I don't think we need to discuss it. I was over-tired and frustrated and I snapped. I'm not taking it back and if you are uncomfortable with it then I suggest you look for another flatmate." Sherlock pushed past his friend and started for his room, he had left his phone on the table by his-
He couldn’t move.
Sherlock swallowed thickly and looked up at his lover, who was still writing in his notebook. John glanced up and caught his eyes, licking his lips in that way he knew drove Sherlock crazy and winking.
"Call me John, only the team calls me Watson." Sherlock glared at him, still fighting against his grip, though John noticed that his squirming was lessening. "What are you doing tonight? Want to hang out or something?" The taller boy froze, blinking uncertainly down at John, his mouth slightly open as he seemed to search for the words.
“I know John, he loves you too.”
“Sounds perfect.” They kissed again, both melting into the slow slide and press of tongues and lips.
“Who are you?”
It was a week after the recital before John saw Sherlock again. His mother had called, asking if John could pick up Harry from practice as she had to work late.
“Who am I?” The new man asked, pushing off the doorframe and taking a casual step closer to John.
“I can’t.”
"John doesn't have a brother, does he?" Greg laughed, shaking his head.
"Sherlock?" The dancer stumbled out of his routine, turning away from the boy that was standing in the entry way. He had managed to successfully avoid John for three days, skipping class and changing the hours he had booked for the studio. "Harry told me you would be here."
Victor would have yelled at him for being tardy, called him a moron or something just as degrading. He shook his head, he didn't want to think about Victor anymore, not when he was supposed to be meeting John.
"I don't want to hear it! Get the fuck out of here before I kick your arses." The group of boys shuffled away, leaving John and Eurus alone in the locker room.
He had to stop it. He had to escape the pain.
“He usually late?”
“You would be correct. How is John Watson?”
“Please Mycroft!”
His skin tingled with electricity and he started to shake as Sherlock let him go.
She was tall, thin, pale, and looked as though she weighed about six stone soaking wet. She was pretty, with pale eyes, dark hair and high cheekbones. Not normally John's type, but there was something rather magnetic about her.
He stroked Sherlock with a firm grip, whispering broken words of praise as he watched his lover's features twist with pleasure as he came, spilling over his chest and stomach. John shifted the angle, keeping the pace but taking care to avoid hitting Sherlock's prostate as he continued moving within the other man.
His lungs hurt and he felt slightly nauseous. The pain level was high, but not unbearable. The thing he was most concerned about was the way his heart was fluttering. That couldn’t be good.
The boy in front of him was shorter, just slightly shorter than average, far too skinny to be strictly healthy, with blond hair that was styled messily. He carried himself with a confidence that spoke to years of abuse and training. His eyes were full of a suspicious mischief that sent a spark of danger through Sherlock's gut.
“Of course not Love, I could never get bored of you. I’ve already cancelled on Greg twice now, I feel bad.”
“John-”
"No, Silly Git." He said fondly, running a hand through his hair and grinning. "I mean, I like watching you dance." Sherlock blushed again and shifted against the headboard, not missing the way John's eyes darkened at his reaction.
His body reacted before he could think.
“John?” He called, stumbling from the bathroom. The flat was dark and empty, no one had been there for years.
“Do you know why I cursed him Sherlock?”
“Save him John, or so help me God-”
“God, I’m so sorry Sherlock.” John pulled back, taking Sherlock’s face in his hands and looking at him. Sherlock’s memory recognized The Prince, but he felt as though he was seeing John for the first time. “I-I should have protected you. I-I shouldn’t have l-let you leave-”
“Hello Gavin. Long time.” He heard Greg’s disbelieving laugh and pulled his knees up to his chest.
“My Guest Collar. You’ll need it when we dock.”
"I know how much you like taking me when you're fully clothed. Your- your pulse beats faster than usual and you fuck me harder." Sherlock's ears burned at the growl that slipped from John's throat and he realized he had never said anything like that before. He threaded his fingers in John's hair and tugged gently. "I like it when you fuck me hard Daddy." He whispered, arousal burning through him as he watched John's pupils dilate.
“Sherlock-”
“Thank you for the generous offer Mrs. Holmes, but there are some things I left back at my place that Sherlock needs. You know, medication and the like.” John said, feeling Mycroft’s gaze fall heavily on him and fighting back a blush.
“Nope, I’m head of a security force now. Some posh Prince who pissed of the wrong people. Not that I’m surprised, this guy is a right ass. Hot as Hell though.” Sherlock fought back a chill at the memory of his brother and the Head of Security flirting aggressively. “I can still get you onto E6’s Med Bay from here though. Why do you need it?”
Sherlock Holmes was dead.
As he walked down the drive, he fought back the thoughts of their future, and tried not to focus on the pain he had seen in Sherlock's eyes when he talked of leaving.
"Nope, I wouldn't have survived the week without my Tiny Dancer." Sherlock snorted in amusement, dropping his head against John's shoulder with a giggle. They laughed for a moment, enjoying each other's company under the gently falling snow.
“Y-You know me?”
“John, he doesn’t remember you.”
"How did I get so damned lucky?" John looked up at him and grinned, his lips red and swollen.
"Captain of the team, eh? Not exactly a long-term career, is it?" Mr. Holmes calmly set his fork down beside his plate and smiled at John, sending terror sparking through his mind. "What are your plans for after school, John?"
"I don't get why I have to go to Harry's stupid recital." John grumbled, sending his mother an angry glare as they settled into their seats at the front of the crowd.
"Is he gone?"
"What are you staring at?" There was a blush on Sherlock's cheeks, and he was doing his best to look uncomfortable, but John just grinned wider and closed the gap between them, setting his bags on the ground and gripping Sherlock's hips, tugging the taller boy closer.
Over the next few weeks, John spent almost all his free time researching. Sherlock was really no help at home, but occasionally John would take him to the library and he would read through some old books while John would browse the internet. He liked spending time with the man, Sherlock was brilliant and incredibly gifted at reading people. When he would get bored, which was pretty much a guarantee while they were out, he would lean in close and whisper his deductions to John. It was amusing but incredibly distracting.
“Questions later! Green button, now!” Sherlock slammed his fist down onto the only green button, yelping in shock as the small Star Sailor shot forward. “Hang on Gorgeous!” John leapt to the side of the boat and spun it, sending the ship careening past The Spider’s ship, shooting away into the empty space.
“No, please. I’m sorry for whatever I did. Just please don’t leave me. I love you, please stay.” Sherlock felt his heart break at the pleading tone in his lover’s voice. John swung his legs off the bed, blinking and shaking his head before grabbing Sherlock’s hips and pulling him close. Sherlock allowed himself to be pulled forward, coming to stand between John’s knees.
John hadn’t seen Sherlock in a week.
"Well, I think we need to establish what this is going to look like for us."
“Mrs. Hudson. I’ve lost my key; will you please ensure my door is unlocked?”
"Protect me from what?" Sherlock smirked as the boys eyes widened, feigning fear and innocence better than most children could manage. "Am- Am in danger?"
"What do you want Baby?" John asked, his voice a dark growl that made Sherlock's mind spin with lust. He loved hearing John's voice when he was aroused, the soft, soothing tenor becoming a rich and dangerous sound that did confusing things to his body.
But graduating meant moving to New York, away from everything he knew.
"Jesus Mate, you need to stop that."
"I-I don't- why?"
"J-John!" His voice held a warning that only served to spur the blogger on. It had taken Sherlock quite some time to get used to the fact that John didn't mind him finishing in his mouth. Even now, he still found himself warning his husband when he was on the edge.
"They won't hurt you anymore, okay? If they do, I'll kick their arses into next year." Sherlock still looked scared, but timidly nodded his head, chewing on his bottom lip anxiously. "Come on then Tiny Dancer, I want to show everyone I have the most gorgeous boyfriend in the whole school." Sherlock blushed, and John leaned up to give him one last kiss before leading the taller boy out from under the bleachers.
“W-What- what?”
“Well, everything feels fine to me. You can breathe okay?” Sherlock nodded, pushing himself to his elbows. John helped him sit and handed him a bottle of water, instructing him to sip it slowly. John finished packing everything away as Sherlock watched, fighting the discomfort that came from being studied.
“Sure, anything Mate.”
“Goodbye John.”
“Good night John.”
"Boyfriend?" Sherlock shook his head, feeling his chest tighten as he realized what Victor was doing. "Funny, he didn't mention you. Though he did mention some poor old sap he used to fuck, what did you say his name was Gorgeous? Right, Markus or something I think." John winked at him, mouthing the word
"Hey!" The team poured into the room, each boy handing Sherlock a yellow rose and offering him words of praise. Sherlock stood stock still, his body flooded with shock and disbelief as one by one, the entire team entered the room.
“Sounds good Mikey, I owe you big time Bud.”
Sherlock watched intently as John maneuvered the ship through the stars, measuring distances with his hand and deftly avoiding any meteors or salvage that threatened to crash his vessel.
John eventually calmed down enough to read the tablet. Sherlock watched in fascination as John’s eyes quickly read and analyzed the data.
“John!”
"Next time make sure no one is home before you fuck your boyfriend, eh?" Sherlock's jaw dropped as he realized what John was so upset about. "I'm happy for you guys!"
I'll come over – SH
"We'll be back in five, please have all penises back in their rightful places, and no unnecessary skin showing."
“What are you looking for?”
“What is your plan?” Moran spoke for the first time. Moriarty grinned and stepped away from Sherlock, letting him fall to the floor.
Sherlock grinned darkly at him before capturing his lips in a kiss that felt like fire. John moaned into the kiss, running his fingers through Sherlock’s dark curls and slipping his tongue into Sherlock’s mouth. The young man pulled away, slightly breathless and flushed.
He stepped off the boat and took Mikey’s face in his hands, trying to calm his distressed friend.
His phone buzzed in his pocket, and he pulled it out, his chest tightening when he saw John's name lightening up the screen.
“Okay, then what do we call you?”
"John, it's fine. They don't care, trust me." John nodded, cupping Sherlock's cheek softly and kissing him sweetly. "I love you."
"Twenty-eight." John flinched as a voice appeared behind his shoulder. He turned to see Sherlock, blushing lightly and fussing with his coat. "The uh- the atomic number of Nickel is twenty-eight." John glanced back down at his paper, filling in the question quickly before shutting his books and sending Sherlock a smirk.
"What does that mean?" Sherlock sighed, rubbing a hand over his eyes. He hated trying to explain his and John's relationship to people, as very few people could wrap their minds around it.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and slid down the wall.
"Since when do you give me fashion advice?" Mycroft grumbled as he changed into the outfit Sherlock had chosen for him. Sherlock finished with his hair and turned back to face his brother, grinning brightly.
Suddenly, the Candelabra moved.
It wasn't that he didn't want to be with John, his mind's constant imagining what it would be like assured him that he definitely wanted to. But the stories and information he had found online gave him pause. There was a lot that could go wrong with anal sex, especially for minors.
"I could say the same for you Mr. Holmes. You used to swing your little wooden sword and spin your little tales of how you would be the most feared pirate captain to ever sail the high seas. You used to curse your parents when they talked of you taking over the command one day. What happened to that little boy eh?"
"Fuck! John-" John reached up, shoving his fingers in the unruly curls and tugging Sherlock's head back.
John waited at the diner for nearly an hour, giving Sherlock time to work up the nerve. There was no doubt the kid was scared, he had every right to be.
"Hey, it's just me Love." John's mumbled into the skin of his neck, calming Sherlock's nerves almost instantly. "Didn't you hear me calling you?" Sherlock blushed, shaking his head and turning in his boyfriend's arms, leaning down and kissing him softly. "Oh Tiny Dancer, whatever am I going to do with you?" There was a sort of mocking fondness to John's tone that pulled a blush along Sherlock's cheeks.
“W-What?”
“Talk to the wardrobe in the room across the hall from your old one. She will help you.”
“But John, this is a travesty! They completely misspelled my name, and three of the numbers on my contact list aren’t even active anymore!”
“Y-Yes John-”
"Who is this?" Victor sounded furious, and Sherlock felt a flare of guilt that he couldn't place.
"What do you want, Greg?" John growled, clearly unimpressed with being interrupted.
Sherlock hadn't had an easy life, having been bullied for most of his childhood for his love of dance and superior intelligence, and to see the boy happy now was something Mycroft had to make sure to thank John for.
“My name’s Rosamund, but you can call me Rosie.”
"Goodnight John."
“Yeah. Whatever is tainting the tissues is keeping scarred tissues from healing. When exposed to intense Sonic technology the tissues heal temporarily, then return to their original state of necrosis.” Mike looked away from his screen, the sounds of keys clicking filling the silence.
"You look lost." Sherlock started, jumping to his feet and spinning.
His mind was starting to right itself, coming down from the shock of being assaulted by Moriarty.
“I used to read it to him when he was a child. He loved hearing about the adventures of Bilbo and the Dwarves.”
“Can you do that with people?”
The thin frame of Sherlock Holmes staggered out of the room, pulling tubes and wires out of his hands and wrists. The nurses reached for him, but he brushed them off, shouting obscenities and throwing weak punches.
“That might work if we could get me out of here.”
“Oh dear, I do hope John gets down here soon, he has lost far too much blood.”
“Sherlock!” John ran through the castle, replaying the layout of the palace in his head. Sherlock was in the middle tower. He found the correct stairwell and raced up, keeping his eyes open for Sherlock’s body.
"Alright then." John laughed as he led his new boyfriend out of the studio, taking the hand of the timid boy and grinning up at him.
Sherlock blushed again, his heart aching as he re-read the message.
“Mycroft!” He pulled himself out of John’s embrace and stumbled over to his brother, wrapping his arms around him and clinging to him.
"It really didn't work-"
“No.” There was an edge to John’s voice that sent a chill down Sherlock’s spine.
“I would almost rather him face the wolves.” Mycroft’s voice was dejected and broken as he stood beside John. “You have no idea what Moriarty will do to him John.”
“How?”
“Go home and-” John laughed and bit Sherlock’s shoulder playfully, enjoying the feeling of the taller man laughing against him.
"Know what love?"
Well, yea, obviously – JW
John watched in horror as Sherlock’s face went slack, his body dropping backwards into the tower.
"S-So do you." Sherlock stared at the floor between them, shuffling his feet and fussing with the sleeves of his shirt.
John keened as he pressed his fingers inside him, one by one, slowly opening him up to accept Sherlock's length. Sherlock teased John, enjoying the sounds that were coming from the shorter man as he sucked and fingered him.
“Greg, get him out of here. I need to focus.” Greg escorted his husband from the room, pulling the door shut behind him. “What the hell is wrong with you Sherlock Holmes?” He whispered, leaning down and pressing his ear against the pale chest.
Sherlock stayed by John’s side, refusing to leave the young man alone for even a moment. He spent his days sitting in the uncomfortable chair by his head, watching him sleeping. He checked the status of his timeline, making sure it wasn’t getting shorter than it already was. After a week, the doctors started talking about him never waking. Sherlock had thrown a fit then, nearly destroying the room. His heart was crumbling for the young man lying in the bed. Molly and Gavin visited frequently, even making the effort to try and get John’s parents down to see him. Sherlock sat silently in the corner as the boy’s family talked to his sleeping form. His father was abusive, that much was obvious, and he was clearly disturbed by Sherlock’s presence by John’s side.
“Mr. Watson, please, take a seat.” John nodded and sat, fidgeting uncomfortably in the high-backed leather chair. Mycroft smirked smugly at him, causing is discomfort to rise in his chest. “Pleasure to see you again.”
"No. He succumbed to fever less than a week after he was brought in." John's chest tightened and he blinked back tears.
Deal – SH
"I don't need sex. I need sleep." Sherlock chuckled and curled up to his boyfriend's side, nuzzling against his neck and trying to ignore the nagging feeling still hovering in the back of his mind. "Goodnight Love. We can talk more in the morning, alright?"
"Where do you think you're going Love?" Sherlock gasped as he felt John's lips brush against his ear.
“Yes, but are you immune to him?” Sherlock’s head snapped up and he glared at his older brother.
It was several hours before John heard Sherlock’s voice again. Something about talking to Greg had really unnerved the Siren, and John had thought it best to just let him brood.
"She threw a pillow at me!" He whined, wrapping an arm around Sherlock's waist and leaning his head against a bony shoulder. "She could have hit my Tiny Dancer!" Sherlock blushed again and glared at John. Nan huffed, patting their cheeks affectionately and smiling.
"Fuck you're gorgeous. Look at you Sherlock, hard and leaking again even though you just came in my mouth." Sherlock keened as John let go of him, gripping his hips with both hands and changing the angle of his own hips.
"I-I should go home. I have to study-"
“Sherlock.” John fought back a giggle at that. A strange name for a strange creature. The creature hovered above him, holding his gaze almost in challenge. John found himself slowly losing himself in the pale eyes of the Siren.
It didn’t take long before he was spilling between them, Sherlock catching his cry in his own lips with a searing kiss. Sherlock followed behind him not long after, filling John with his mess and pressing in as deep as he could. Sherlock reached up and unhooked John’s wrists, letting their bodies slide to the floor in a sticky, sweaty pile of limbs.
