And then his head was pushed down and dunked into ice cold water, making him trash in the restraints, panic. There was water filling his mouth and nose as he tried to get his head out but a hand over his face pushed him back in. All he saw were two faces looking down at him, a finger pressed over his eye and bubbles clouding his vision.
But Tony heard it. He heard all of it, the squelching sound of blood spurting and spluttering after each hit, the cracking of bones too.
"Which part of you need to rest, didn’t you understand?" He nearly shouted and ran up to Steve, catching him in his arms. "I can stand!" Steve protested but he gave way and let Tony heave him back into the bed. "No, you can’t." He growled.
"My, my Captain. No need to get all worked up. I’m a.. how do people call it?" He came closer, setting screeching boot after boot on the concrete floor.
"What is it? You need some drug to control me?" Steve pressed and he could see the white of the mans teeth shining in the dark.
And at the same time it was the thing that lead to a whole bunch of nightmares. It wasn’t like he needed more of them. The opposite actually.
"The fight we had WAS your fault, you idiot." That was what he had wanted to tell Cap all those times. He wanted to tell him so much more. Tell him how much he hated him and how he fucked up and ruined everything.
"No Mr. Stark. We think you are a genius. Therefore you’ll be smart about playing with your friends life." The man said now, still sitting a few feet away from Steve.
"You want me to talk? I mean I have a lot to talk about. Talking about a lot. Do you know the average lifetime of a turtle-"
And when he was close to giving up, he thought about Tony and about how he was going to tell him if he ever got out of here again. Tell him how much he needed him and how everything was his own fault.
He grabbed the phone and clutched it to his heart, cursing and hissing under his breath as he held it close and sunk his chin over it.
"Don’t make me have to put you in your place again. Read, soldier. " A deep voice growled and Steve did as he was told. "Tony, you're gonna need a pen for this." Steve said and tried to sound as normal as possible but the engineer detected the sheer panic in his voice. Rogers was just playing it cool. It was bad.
He nearly fell over on his way to the kitchen counter, grabbed his phone and held it in his hands, wishing so badly that it was him.
Tony stopped in his track when he heard a loud scream echoing through the corridor. Natashas and Clints eyes met. Then Natashas eyes snapped back to Tony, her eyes wide with horror. That was Steves voice. It sounded wrecked and horrible. God, what did they do to him?
"You can’t even do anything about it." He stated and pushed the stun gun down further, rubbing against his soft palate and triggering his gag reflex in the process. The blond gagged and felt tears running down his cheeks as well as snot and sweat gathering above his lip. Strikes of hair were clinging to his forehead and his lashes clumped together.
Which was why, Steve was sitting at the kitchen counter alone this morning, gazing out into the jungle, his back facing the door since there would be nobody entering.
But now that he was actually facing Steve,  seeing him laying there as pale as the sheets over him, looking up at hims with eyes full of hurt and guilt, he couldn’t do it. He couldn’t say that. He couldn’t.
"I-" Steves voice was ragged and rough as he forced the words out of his mouth. "I, Steve Rogers was captured by the last remaining heads of Hydra. No mercy. Just pain. Which is why-" A shudder went through Tony as Steve groaned in pain.
"You should go." Steve suddenly said. Tony didn’t want to go. He shook his head weakly. What was happening- "Cap-"
"What do you think would Stark think of you, if he saw you like this?" Steve whimpered at the thought and tensed  when the hand sped up in its movement.
It was all there was. Everywhere he went, there was a darkness surrounding him like a shadow that never stopped growing and dragged him down. It reminded him of all the things he had done, the lies he had told.
"He’d laugh at how pathetic you are." His captor said and his free hand came to rest on Steves left knee, drawing circles on it.
"Moscow?! What does he want there?! Is he stupid?" Tony asked more himself than the man on the other line and once again a sigh could be heard.
"YOU DON'T HAVE THE BALLS TO TALK TO ME, DO YOU?! THAT'S WHAT I THOUGHT! WHAT WAS I EXPECTING?! IT'S ALWAYS THE SAME. LOOK AT SIBERIA-"
"It’s too quiet." Steve said finally and Tonys breath hitched. "When I was down there, it was always so quiet and the only thing I ever heard was that guys voice..."
It was going to happen and he couldn’t do anything but just take it. He cried, actually cried and let his head hang low. It was going to happen and he would have to take it all alone. Nobody would be there. And after that they would probably kill him. That’s what the man said on the phone to Tony. They were going to kill him and he thought back to all the things he should have done before this.
"I’m intimidated. Oh. Wait I’m not. Have you looked at yourself? You can barely move. I could just reach down here." The mans voice was now going soft and Steve hated it. He despised it. The fact that this guy was actually enjoying it made him gag.
Tony hadn’t called him Steve in years. It felt too good to be hearing his name falling from Tonys lips.
Tony had been staring at this phone for what felt like hours now. He thought about calling him. Call Steve. No not Steve. He thought about calling Rogers.
He looked around the jet in confusion. The dull melody came from his bag. He slowly walked up to it and opened it. The song was now blaring through the room.
He wanted to sit down on a bench in front of the hotel. Maybe he should just wait for Tony to come out?
His whole body was wet and glistening. But not with water, with sweat. His hair was wet too. Maybe it was the serum fighting the injected drugs or just his bodys way of coping with the fact that he had felt like dying over a stretched period of time.
Tonys heart was hurting for Rogers. For Steve. He felt like the biggest asshole when he thought back to how he had wanted Steve to suffer. How he had wanted him to struggle and cry.
"Most people do, don’t they?" He chuckled and Steve was too tired to follow him. He just wanted to eat something. His stomach was growling with the need to digest something. Anything. The last time he ate or drank was... Steve couldn’t even tell how long ago he had been kidnapped due to the drugs and being out of it multiple times.
But Tony wasn’t here. Steve slumped back into his seat as the cum dried and made him feel sick, cheap and so vulnerable it hurt.
Tony tried to keep his cool as he finally reached Clint and Natasha in the hallway. There was a dark corridor leading downstairs. "There are three guards behind the door on the left and seven behind the door on the right. That second door must lead to Steve."
He got a weak sigh as an answer. Tony smiled and the hand on Steves back stilled, wandered ho to his neck and caressed the short hair there. "My, Steve." He said.
The other hand quickly jumped to his throat and pushed, pressed down hard. Steve gasped, choked and winced when a harsh thumb slid over his trachea and bore into it until hurt.
He met T‘Challa in his office. Steve thanked him for letting him and his team stay here. He also thanked him for taking Bucky under his wing but the man just shook off Steves expressions of gratitude because "It was the least I could do for you and your friends."
"Isn’t that obvious, Mr. Stark? He wants to visit you." The man said and maybe he was just imagining things but he was slowly losing his mind.
"Where the hell is Tony? I want to see him!" He barely let the words slip when he saw the woman from the reception laying motionless on the ground. His eyes snapped back up in horror but before he could take action, a sharp sting burned at the side of his neck.
"I don’t know. I guess I thought you and I could..." Steve was at a loss for words, his thoughts were confusing him.
Just as he was forcing himself into a standing position, the door was pushed open. "What are you doing?!" Steves eyes shot up and met Tonys. He was standing in the doorway. He looked furious.
"I took out the four guards in front of the entry. The hall is empty and leads down to somewhere I don’t even wanna know."
"You look good like this. You don’t know how badly I want to get my knife on that throat." Steve had to swallow down a gulp of air which was kind of hard in his position.
The next time he woke, he felt something soft and at the same time itchy underneath his left shoulder. He then realized there were bandages around his chest and thighs. He made an almost croaking noise as he tried to sit up.
"I heard you’re conquering the rough life in Wakanda all on your own?" She teased and he wanted to cry at how good it felt to hear her.
"Go in." The tall guy said and practically shoved him forward. Steve growled and hated it but if that’s what Tony had told them to do, hw wouldn’t argue.
A territorial description appeared on the hologram in front of him. He scribbled down some notes and mumbled incoherent stuff.
Steve sighed heavily, not wanting to meet Tonys eyes, he looked out of the window. "God Tony I feel... it’s hard to talk about feelings for me."
"Get off jacket." The taller guy said with a heavy russian accent and was already pulling at the fabric.
Soon, Steve was the only one sitting in the Wakandan kitchen. He felt lonely. It wasn’t a good feeling but it was all he deserved.
"And? You mean, you’re just gonna keep it from me? Like you always do!?" Tony was feeling rage surging deep inside of him. Every time. Every time they were close to talking like normal people, Steve shut down.
The young guard didn’t say anything in response when they were finished, he just left the room again.
Steve tried to answer but his mouth wouldn’t move. He couldn’t tell Tony. He wanted to but his whole face was paralyzed.
He winced as he tried to free himself, the material not moving one bit. His arms and legs felt sluggish and lax, like pudding.
"He needs some medical attention." Natasha pointed out and Tony looked down at Steve. He looked so young and vulnerable with his closed eyes. "I know."
"Sir, I recorded the conversation. I analyzed the voice. The man is 39 years old, his name is Sasha Kapirov, he is a former Hydra agent but reportedly died when the three heli-carriers crashed down." The AI stated.
"Okay-" Steve snapped and was now left in his boots, jeans and shirt, the only thing he still had on him was his phone.
He sighed as he looked down on himself, his vision a bit blurry. He was still wearing his pants and shirt. The boots had come off and-
Sam had done enough for him. He couldn’t expect the man to give up his home for him too. Sam was a good guy. He wouldn’t even think about telling Sam how much he needed him here.
He was surrounded by people and even more people. It was a funny feeling. Knowing that each of these people had a routine, a place to be, a string of thoughts racing through his brain.
Before he could lose himself in bis thoughts, he felt a finger pressing into the cut right above his heart. "Argh-" he gasped and made choked out noises when the gloved finger dug deeper and deeper into his skin. He threw his head back against the chair and grit his teeth, screaming when a knife came down on each of his thighs and stayed there.
"There you go, big guy. You got nothing to worry about." Tony whispered and Steve felt the mans heart beating steadily, his chest rising and falling.
The guy wasn’t going to pull them out, he was going to leave them there and let his skin heal around them.
The guy with the blond hair and broad shoulders, a clenched jaw when he was nervous. With his plush lips that stood in a stark contrast to his ocean eyes and those perfect teeth.
His eyes were screwed shut as he sobbed and desperately tried to free himself but slumped down in defeat.
Steve didn’t allow himself to think about the mans words. He wouldn’t fall for that strategy. Tony would be able to get him out of here. He had to. And then all of a sudden, he wasn’t so sure if Tony would come.
"Partially. Was my fault too. And Rogers?" Steve seemed like he had zoned out, his eyes unfocused, glassy, hooded.
Silence followed as Steve had to calm down and put the phone on the counter, wandering around the kitchen, feeling the wooden floor beneath his feet.
"You screwed up, Steve! We all did! You can’t just sit there like a total idiot..." Steve didn’t even think of defending himself. He deserved it.
The current terror of knowing that it would just take the push of a button to electrocute him was torturing and horrifying.
"Morning Friday, anything new?" He checked his hologram, daily news and checklists, swiping through them.
"Yes. may I ask why you demanded this information?" Friday asked innocently and Tony smirked victoriously. "Because that’s where our golden boy is."
"Maybe I’m overreacting but I can’t find Rogers." Tony said and there were a few moments of silence.
"As much as I value our friendship, you know I can’t give you that information." He said and Tony shook his head. "No, you don’t understand. This is... maybe an emergency. I just want to know if Steve-" he interrupted himself. "If Rogers is okay and not dying. Although he’d probably deserve it with his provocative ass."
"Really? You got a few old yoga mats down there or wait, I’m sorry - pilates mats, right?" Tony muttered and came to a halt in front of his lab.
"Are you okay?" Steve heard Natasha ask. "Yes. Better now." Tony said and Steve couldn’t shake the feeling of two pairs of eyes staring down at him in the thick silence that followed.
"Talk." The man said and without warning, the scalpel was driven deep into his side again, making him scream out in pain "YOU SICK FUCK-". Repeatedly, it was pulled out and slammed back inside. "AHHH-" Steves eyes watered, sweat was dripping down his face. His chest was heaving, his teeth clamping down on each other.
Peoples life would be at risk and information like this in the hands of Hydra could lead to war or even mass destruction. He pinched the bridge of his knows. He could never give them the information. Never.
"I don’t know. The drugs made me so weak and... I couldn’t fight him off. Tony, I tried!" Steve explained, only to be met by unbelieving eyes.
And then the stun gun was pulled free in one swift motion and Steve slumped forward when the man jabbed it right into his side. The side where the scalpel had been, right where the area was still pink and punctured, bleeding.
"Steve." Tony said and he must’ve realized why the other man wanted him to say that. "Steve." He whispered again, his hand stroking down the mans heaving back. He could feel his heart beating rapidly, too fast for a normal human being.
His face didn’t look as smooth and his hair wasn’t slicked back or parted. It was longer than usual. He noticed the dark circles around his eyes, looking like sleepless nights and nightmares. That served him right, Tony thought but before he could dwell on his anger, he saw how Wanda fell to her knees and Rogers followed her immediately.
"Stop it." He cried out when he was hit there again and again. The man took turns on his stomach too and Steve could see the red angry dots on his skin.
Tony could see his eyebrows drawing together in concern, his mouth moving, saying something like "Hey, hey!".
"See, your friends life isn’t worth as much as you think, Mr. Stark. In fact, he’s completely useless. Fucking pussy. All the time he’s saying Tony, Tony, Tony as if thats going to help him." Tonys heart softened, his eyes fluttered closed. Oh Steve.
"Steve, I meant how I could let you be kidnapped. I always had you under surveillance... If I only-"
One last time, he went down to the lower quarters of Black Panthers residence and said goodbye to Bucky.
"Tony-" and he heard Steves breath becoming shorter. And then they were looking at each other, the blonds eyes beginning to water. "Tony, I am so-" he shuddered. "I am so sorry-" He whimpered and Tony was helpless, was just looking at Steve while he started crying. "I’m-" Steve burried his face in his hands. And Tony was still staring at him. It was like he was frozen. He couldn’t move. What should he say???
He tried to get on his feet and leave the sitting position but his body simply wasn’t able to hold him up. He slumped down on the seat again and huffed out a sigh of desperation.
But he couldn’t. He was weak and useless. Even if he had his hands freed, he  would just flail his arms around aimlessly.
Tony watched as Steve slumped down in the chair in the jet. He watched as Steve fell asleep, absentmindedly tracing the mans eyebrows. He caught himself and felt a flush creeping up on his cheeks before he pulled away.
"God damnit Nat!" He shouted and grunted before he dialed her number again. He nervously bit bis lip until it was white from pressure.
"Is this going to be a therapy session or what." Steve muttered and a punch came down on his jaw, he hissed.
Tony was more confused than ever. All he felt was worry, fear. He never heard the man talk like that.
"The person who will bring you so much pain." A shadow appeared from the corner of the room, heavy armor covering his body. He must have been here all this time.
After months he finally had had a good nights sleep. No nightmares, no screaming, no blood, no death. He slept... well and that felt incredibly odd.
And then the man was right in front if him, staring at his blue eyes and smiling mischievously. "Now that I’ve done everything I can possibly think of, there is only one more thing I can do."
"As far as I know, Captain Rogers demanded a jet that flew him straight to Russia. I think his destination point was Moscow."
"Theres a bunker not far away from here. They probably gave it a makeover and turned it into their own little castle." Tony explained.
He couldn’t see what was going on but something was placed underneath his head. It sounded like the rattling of a bucket.
"It’s shit. That’s what it is." Those were the last words Clint said before he left the kitchen, the door swinging shut behind him. He wasn’t wrong.
"I thought you..." Steves trail of thought seemed lost. His brain was fuzzy. Like someone put cotton in it. Also, there was a scalpel stuck in his side. The serum had already started healing around the wound.
T’Challa even provided a jet for him that flew him to Russia. He took a few trains, had a few minor panic attacks because he thought he was being recognized. But he eventually made it to Moscow, a backpack slung around his shoulders, a cap pulled down deep in his face that was now covered by a little bit of stubble and full, longer hair.
How much he would have liked to know what exactly Tony was doing. What project he was working on. What hairstyle he had and what kind of clothes he was wearing.
"I’m sorry, I thought they were going to let me see you." Steve mumbled, ashamed of how stupid and naive he had been.
"Steve, you can’t just sit there and - do nothing!" Clint shouted, Steve could see the fury in his eyes, the exhaustion. But more than all that, he saw longing. For his kids, his family.
They stepped into an elevator. It was all shimmery and mirrored, making Steve reconsider the fact that he didn’t shave.
"You should see yourself." The man said and he felt a warm hand stroking down his throat, making Steves eyes water with hatred.
Tony leaves the mans office with a satisfied smile, praising himself for making it possible to allow Sam, Clint and Sam as well as Lang to walk on american soil without getting arrested the second they breathe.
"I highly doubt you know how much pain I’ve been through." Steve hissed and tugged at the restraints once again,
"Have a heated discussion?" He could feel Steves eyes on his lips as he spoke. It made him uneasy. Steve never stared. He only looked. Calculating.
Steve thanked god that Tony couldn’t see how the man next to him grabbed Steves face in his hands and hit him square across the face, then tilted his head up and did it again. And again. And again.
He broke out in a sweat as he stilled, realizing it was to no use since the restrains on his feet and hands wouldn’t budge one bit.
Now his hand was slowly wandering up the blonds face. Steve jerked back and locked eyes with the man, disgust on his face. The man had a rough, black beard. His hair was black too and his chiseled chin was connected to a definded jawline. His eyes were ice cold blue, his nose sharp and his hands were covered with black gloves.
He watched closely as Steve ran back fo the cells and looked around as if he was checking if they forgot anything.
Tony was focused on the mans face as he stood up and held Wanda on her feet. "Stop the feed." He yelled and Friday did. "Zoom in on his face. Heightened quality please."
So here he was. Obviously kidnapped. By who, he didn’t know. He was so confused. He needed answers. Why did Tony send him that text? And why had Tony been in that hotel?! Who even kidnapped him?
He tried not to, but the pleasure eventually got too high to ignore, the tenderness of the touch felt too good and he came in his underwear. He arched his back and whined as he did so, the man stroking him through it and then leaning forward and kissing him on the cheek.
Tony just pinched the bridge of his nose in frustration. He had been listening to the same shit for hours and days now.
"What a shame. I don’t really have to do this but you see... it is so much fun." The mans words echoed in Steves ears and it took him some time to process them.
The engineer sat down next to him and patted his shoulder. Steve knew that look on his face. It was pity. "I’m sorry about what happened to you, you know?"
"You think Tony will save you? He’s probably glad that he finally gets rid of you. You’re a burden. Nothing else. All you brought him was war. He had to go through a war because of you. This mess, it’s all your fault." The words hit Steve much deeper than he liked to admit. It was true. It was so true. It was his fault and he knew it. He couldn’t expect Tony to save him. Why would he do him that favor.
"You sadistic fuck-" Steve shouted when the man carved deep lines into his chest, the knifes breaking his skin as they moved. He didn’t even realize the fact that there were being pictures taken before a bright lightening color appeared.
"Okay! Then don’t talk about it. Let’s just keep on not trusting each other. LETS JUST NOT GIVE A FUCK ABOUT EACH OTHER!"
He slowly looked down on himself. The bandages had been changed. The lower part of his body was covered with a white, clean blanket. It smelled like oranges in here.
"Tell me Stark, why again are you here? Weren’t you the one who said Steve Rogers could kiss your ass and rot in a cell for all he’s worth?" Clint spat and Tony could hear his anger talking. He had his reasons.
He felt like he was going to drown. Again. He was going to die here. He was going to die in the ice. He was going to die in the ice completely alone. And then he was going to end up as the man out of time. Nobody would be there to welcome him with open arms.
"Hey, big guy. It’s me." A voice said and Steves eyes opened a little bit now, his mouth gaping in disbelieve.
"You’re right, I'm sorry." Steve huffed out a breath. The guy just always had to apologize, didn’t he?
The only thing he was proud of, was the fact that he hadn’t said the words that his captor wanted him to. It was the only thing that kept him going. To know that he was stronger than that.
When he was sitting on the edge of the bed, his feet dug into a fuzzy, curly mat underneath his feet and he relished the soothing feeling of something soft.
"Tony Stark." The man said, a smirk playing on his lips and Steves eyes were now trained to the floor.
The stairs were the worst thing and finally, Tony decided to gather Steve in his arms and flew him to the jet. The iron man suit was comfortable against Steves hot skin. He was home.
Steve screamed in pain, a jolt went through his body as the shock went right through his bones and paralyzed him. He was panting.
In the middle of the screen he could make out a tall person, covered in dark clothes that was moving through the corridor and taking out the guards. He moved ruthlessly, striked without looking if there was somebody behind him, took one risk after the other. Reckless.
"You’re gonna need more than that." He spat, immediately feeling two hits to his left again. His lip felt swollen and wet. He looked down, blood dripping from his mouth.
I swear we’ll get to the Kidnapping part. Bear with me. How ya liking it so far? Leave some comments I have no idea how I’m doing! :)
"Trust me, you will." The man wrapped his arm around Steves neck, holding him in a chokehold. "Hold still." A searing pain raced through his body as Steve looked down and saw that there now was a needle stuck in his arm. Shit.
The next thing he felt was a harsh slap on the cheek. "We’re gonna have fun." The man said and Steve looked down, seething with anger.
And now it would be over. What would Tony do if he was dead? Would he just go on with his life. He felt like he didn’t mean much to Tony these days. Who could blame him?
"For gods sake, Rogers. Just scoot over!" Tony muttered and jumped on the bed, careful to not bump into Steve.
The next time he woke up, there was something warm and soft surrounding him. His eyes shot open and he was facing a white wall, on his left was a window. He could see bright light and trees outside. Green. Oh, how he had missed to see it.
"I don’t wanna talk about it." He said and turned away from Tony. He would probably say something like 'why didn’t you give him a speech about patriotism'.
"Do you want to check into your room?" She asked him and made to get some papers but Steve shook his head vehemently. "No! No, I am here for ... Mr. Stark." The womans eyes went wide.
"Was he responding?" He heard. Clint? "Yes, I think he’ll be okay until we reach our destination. I’ll let the Doctor there have a look at his wound." Tony said and Steve listened to his voice as he felt Tonys hand stroking carefully over his shoulder.
He should have felt bad about the fact that Steve was suffering but he didn’t. He was glad, hell he was relieved.
"It’s not your fault that you were kidnapped. Did you know that they had my Doppelgänger eat a Wiener Schnitzel in Moscow?! How weird is that. He really looked like me. You fell for it. They kidnapped you. Not your fault, Rogers."
Steve cried out. His wrists were hurting, his head too, everything in his face felt so fuzzy and swollen, frozen and tight.
After a few seconds he was twisting in the restraints again, his hands wanting to pull him away, his chest wanting to push forward and out of the water but he couldn’t.
"They- they got me. I’m- I don’t even know where I am and... I... I'm so sorry, Tony. Please, I’m so sorry." Steve was rambling, he knew that but he had to get it out now.
"It’s... it is personal." Steve stated more coldly than he had intended. But he didn’t want to talk about it. Not at all.
"Tell me blondie, do you like ice cream?" That wasn’t exactly the question he had expected. He just ignored it.
Maybe he believed him, maybe he didn’t but that wasn’t Tonys problem. He couldn’t do anything about it.
The man mumbled something in russian into the guards ear and Steves eyes darted back and forth between the two of them, his head still pushed back in an unnatural position.
"Captain Rogers is no longer in Wakanda. I can’t find him on any camera or public place." Friday explained.
"Call T’Challa." He ordered and the next thing he heard was T’Challas voice greeting him with a deep "Hello Mr. Stark."
"You think Stark is going to come and get you? Do you really think we actually care about the answer to those damn questions?" The mans lips quirked up.
Maybe Ross wasn’t so wrong when he asked Tony to turn Steve over. Steve deserved it after all. Tony could even visit him then without the worry of getting hurt. There would be a thick, indestructible wall of glass between them and Tony could leave whenever he wanted. He could just leave Rogers to himself, in a cell. Or he wouldn’t visit him to make Steve suffer even more.
"I mean, yes. Please." Steve said with a more controlled voice this time. Tony looked down at him. Oh Steve. Why couldn’t he just ask.
Tony was staring at the shining shield in front of him. The bright colors of red white and blue stinging in his eyes. It had scratches and dirt on it. Memories came up. Bad memories mostly and he threw a huge sheet above it, gathering it up in his arms.
"Question one: Who knew of Program 44. Question two: What chemical was involved in Program 309 and what was the outcome?" After 10 minutes of Steve reading out questions, Tony had written them all down and he knew he could never give those people the answer to a single one of them.
"I'LL NEVER SAY IT" Steve gritted, the knuckles of his hands turning white as they gripped the metal armrest. Steve was coughing up blood, his body was shuddering.
Just before he lost consciousness he was pulled up by his wet hair and tossed from side to side, the water splashing to the ground and dripping down his naked chest.
"Which is why you’re going to give us the information we need. If you don’t-" a soft whimper escaped Steves lips and he cursed himself for it. The scalpel was digging more and more into his side, tearing at his skin whenever he took a breath. It stung and stung and stung.
And then Tony really looked at Steve. He hadn’t seen him for nearly a year now. He had a scruff on his jaw, brown and a little red. His hair was darker now, a few strands of blond were still shining through. His left cheek was heavily bruised and his chest looked horrible, covered in blood and underneath it were red dots, probably from a stung gun.
"Come on!" He hissed and pinched the bridge of his nose, rubbed his face between his hands and shook his head.
"I can help. What do you think happened, Stark?" T’Challa asked and Tony sighed heavily. "Whatever it is... I have a bad feeling about this. Oh and that Tony in Moscow one hundred percent isn’t me."
Okhotny Ryad 2, Tverskoy, Moscoe. That was the adress of Tonys hotel. He noticed the stairs that he had seen Tonys frame walking on in the news and the doors his bodyguards had pushed open for him.
The next thing he saw were the cells, the dark figure opening one after the other. Tony motioned his hand and zoomed in as he got to Wandas cell. He could see the tall man crouching down in front of her, taking her in his arms and slowly opening the collar around her neck.
"H-He raped you?!" Tony hissed, disturbance and regret lying in his eyes as he stared at Steve, his eyes wide.
"It’s okay. I’m going to take care of it." Steve shook his head wildly, his eyes pressed closed as he prayed for this to stop, to just be a bad dream. He struggled away from the mans hand and twisted and tugged in his restraints.
Tony ignored Steves words and searched for injuries. His hands wandered down on Steves legs. He saw the two huge wounds right over his knees. He winced at the sight. He opened the restraints easily and the skin underneath came away red, bruised and swollen. The mechanic massaged the abused skin there and gasped at how cold Steves feet were. Hands too. Like ice
The next words hurt Tony deep. "And the last words on his lips will be... I died for you, Tony Stark." Steve whispered wetly, then pulled away from the mans grip which earned him a light slap on his head as if to say, We’ll talk about that later.
"Tony is Tony. He’s good. As good as he could be in his situation. Ross is constantly up his ass and does whatever possible to make his life harder but I think Tony has him under control. He’s taking care of himself. He spends a lot of time with the kid." Steve sucked up every bit of information.
The man finally sat down on the wooden seat, his legs spread widely as he leaned forward, hovering above Steves thighs.
"Nothing that kills you. Just a little something to ease you up. Get you to relax a little bit, huh?" Steve was fuming with anger, his teeth clenched.
Steve felt so sorry for him and what he felt even more sorry for was that he didn’t know what to tell Clint anymore.
"God, what did they do to you." He heard and Steve couldn’t trust himself as he recognized the voice. He’d recognize it anywhere.
Maybe Steve was just training in some Wakandan bunker where there were no cameras installed and where the chip in his jacket that Tony had designed for him didn’t work.
Sighing, he stepped towards the huge glass wall and looked outside, the Wakandan forest greeting him like every single morning.
"I wish you a wonderful morning. What can I do for you, Sir?" The woman at the reception said and Steve snapped out of his trance.
He frantically began twisting and turning, the thought of losing the only device that connected him to Tony a complete and utter disaster.
He shook his head. Mom would be disappointed of him. Bucky would be ashamed of him if he weren’t frozen in a freaking cryo chamber. Sam would be speechless at his amount of self destructing thoughts and Tony would be... well he probably WAS hating him.
Clint sighs deeply into the soldier’s chest. “I can’t ever bring myself to say it even if I wanted to.” “I did say that Tony and I would help.” Bucky reminds him with a sing - song voice, his smile evident to Clint’s ears. Clint looks up into the bright blue eyes. “Are you sure he’ll listen? He must really hate me now.” Bucky pecks Clint’s lips. “I’m sure. And he doesn’t. He just expected differently.” Clint’s fingers fist tightly in Bucky’s shirt in worry. Bucky’s metal fingers follow his to wrap them softly in his own. “It’s gonna turn out to be the best conversation you’ll ever have with Stevie.”
He doesn’t, too frozen with Steve’s all too forward behaviour. He doesn’t pull his lips back though. He stays very still, feeling the soldiers lips move about his, kissing him very softly and demanding nothing. After a few seconds of no response, Steve pulls back to look at Clint. The look on his face breaks the marksman’s heart. He lips are pursed into a hard line and his blue eyes are the palest he’s ever seen. He looks as if he is trying so hard to hold back his tears.
He made the mistake of imaging Tony as he recorded the message and shuddered. Tony does not accept defeat. And Steve refrains from idea that Tony will succumb to his situation. But he didn't even know what his situation was. A few terrifying scenarios crossed his mind and he winced, turning over onto his side and curling in on himself.
As its door implied, the room was large. He was standing in the living room and he could see two other rooms and the bathroom Steve went to. He guessed they were master bedroom and bedroom. He made his way to one of the rooms and it turned out to be the master bedroom. What perplexed Tony was the bag sitting atop the bed. He approached the bed and opened the bag to find changes of clothes for himself and Steve, along with sweatpants and t-shirts they can wear to bed.
"Yeah." Tony felt guilty. Not that he didn't every time he left Steve and Jack for days but the fact that Steve, his Steve, was quietly waiting outside his workshop for nearly four hours was a kick to the stomach. And Tony knew what those felt like. He got out of the bathroom on autopilot and waited outside.
Steve attacked first, his shield at the front of his bike always a nice target for gun shooters. The drug lord saw Cap coming and opened fire, yelling at his henchmen for backup. The kids ran for cover behind an out of order bus.
"You're right." Steve agreed, his voice choked. "Most of the time we are strangers. And it all has to do with Tony's work." "Tell me. I know it's hurting you and if you keep it bottled up, it'll only hurt worse." Clint encouraged, his thumb on Steve’s chin drawing mindless back and forth lines that Cap didn’t comment on.
Clint makes his way over to the kitchen to pick up his tea while Bucky forces himself to get to the bathroom. He takes a sip of the warm tea but has to set his mug down when JARVIS cues his favourite song. He swings around the room to the beat when Bucky emerges from the bathroom smelling of toothpaste. “You’re in a happy mood.” Bucky notices, stepping behind Clint to reach his mug of black coffee. “Yeah. I woke up to JARVIS playing my favourites. Must be Tony.” Clint stops dancing and joins Bucky at the kitchen counter, taking another sip of tea.
“Hey. None of that crap.” Bucky lets Clint’s pants fall down to his ankles. “You know it’s true.” Clint steps out of his pants and looks up to find Bucky holding a dry pair. “What we have isn’t exactly ideal.” He kneels down and holds the sweats as Clint steps in them. “You had him first and you agreed to the whole Tony thing because you realized that you actually felt something for him.” Bucky pulls his sweats up to his hips and tosses him a shirt. Clint catches it and puts it on while Bucky was changing out of his own wet clothes. “Yeah. I love Steve and I love you but I love Tony too.”
"We should get close." Clint yelled over the loud battery of rain and roared his bike to life, taking off without confirmation from Steve.
Tony shrugged, the movement causing his robe to slip off his shoulder, an act that didn’t go unnoticed by Steve. “I figured since you said the rain’s probably going to get worse and it is..”
"Three hours, forty seven minutes sir." Replied the AI much to Tony's dismay. He knew he was being terrible when it came to spending time with Steve and their son but he had work to do. Threat is eminent and without his suits, he's vulnerable, worse than vulnerable. He needs to be able to keep the only person in his life who's forgiven him time and time again safe. Jackie equally so.
They lost. He lost. He was supposed to do more, be more prepared, should've anticipated Thanos's every move. But what good do 'if' and 'but' and "I should have' do now. The mad genocidal titan accomplished his mission, and Tony couldn't even begin to evaluate the losses. The world's losses, his teams' losses, his losses.
"They keep you warm and keep your wonderfully kind heart beating, and they're beautiful because they're Tony's. My Tony." Steve had responded when Tony asked him why he chose to trace his veins the way he did.
Steve looked up from Tony’s shoulder and met his eyes in their reflection. He smiled before tucking his face back into his shoulder. “You smell incredible. I can’t get enough of you.”
Steve beat the robot and crawled into bed next to his husband and son, wrapping the blanket around Jack's shoulders.
"I miss you so much Steve." Tony murmured in a scratchy voice. Saying that made him feel like even more of a hypocrite. He couldn't last an hour without knowing Steve is close to him. How did Steve feel practically all the time?
Tony should’ve expected that he’d arrive at an empty home. Steve did say that he wanted to meet him wherever that address led to. He didn’t think of it at the time and was a little disappointed when Steve didn’t greet him at the door. He quickly remembered their date and realized he had just over an hour before he was due to meet Steve.
Tony furrowed his eyebrows. What made Jack so suddenly decide to come in out of the cold? How did he even make it past the sealed gate without bribing JARVIS?
The bed was too small for his liking, a fact Tony made clear the second he laid eyes on the bed. It was hardly the spacious, luxurious kind he was used to but he had to make due. After all, he no longer was at home, not even in the same continent, and being on the run, even as Tony Stark, was still being on the run.
“Told you he’d come down.” Bucky brags from where he’s turned in his seat to watch his boyfriends. The look he earns from Clint sends him laughing again. “Cap. I’m not going to fall. You can let go of me.” Clint reminds as Steve’s hands won’t budge. “Yeah.” Steve agrees but doesn’t move his hands from the archer’s hips. Clint covers the soldier’s hands with his own and pulls them away, stepping back as he does. Steve’s eyes follow Clint’s hands to where they still held his. He blushes faintly at the same time that Clint does.
Steve hadn't realized that the autopilot had landed the jet in the field surrounding the compound. Nor did he realize that his mustache and beard were damp from his tears. He looked out at the large building and felt his heart constrict. Maybe coming here wasn't a good idea. It was certainly better than staying where the dead were.
He could see from the elevation of their track that the drug lord was sorting out the kids outside his shabby hideout. He was pointing everywhere and it looked like he was yelling. Strange for the drug lord to be doing the henchmen's work but whatever. Clint and Cap were going to bring everyone in anyway.
It was all too much for him, how at the same time, this felt familiar yet so strange and unknown like walking into an unfamiliar place. Not knowing your footing but at the same time, like knowing every corner of your home blindly. Maybe that’s how his relationship with Tony will always be.
Steve rubbed his back in an effort to calm him a little. He wasn't in a better case either. His heart yearning to make Tony feel better.
Tony lay on his side on the bare hard floor of the Benatar, his arms and legs drawn close to his torso, making his frame smaller. To anyone looking on, he appeared to be huddling close to himseld because he's cold, but that couldn't be farther from the truth.
Could he possibly have been having a nightmare and didn’t realize that he was? Strange. But it wasn't that strange. Many a time Tony's woken him up from his nightmares, telling him that he was screaming.
Steve shook his head making Tony grin. “I’ve always wanted to make out with you in the rain. Bonus now that you’ve got these long golden locks.” Tony twisted a lock of Steve’s hair for emphasis.
God, Tony could kiss his husband forever and never want anything else. Steve continuously proved that to him.
"What do you want me to do baby?" Steve asked him, brilliant blue eyes gone mostly dark boring into honey ones similarly consumed.
Clint barely hears anything beside his blood rushing. He has this sudden realization that Steve can probably hear his heart beat as well, can probably even feel it under his thumb. His heart jumps at the thought. Steve decides to go through with what he came down to do. “Clint.” He whispers quietly, the name still foreign to his lips. Clint’s eyes travel to meet Steve’s shyly. “Yes Cap?” Steve bites his bottom lip, unsure how to proceed. Clint takes notice and gives Steve’s hands gentle squeezes as if saying go on. He actually shocked himself by doing that. But he figured, he didn’t know where to start and here was Steve, hands in his trying to say the exact same thing he couldn’t. He’d rather let him talk because Clint would never be able to put it like Steve would.
Steve’s eyebrows furrow. “Why?” He asks, pushing Tony’s hand away gently. Tony licks his lips, his fingers tracing Steve’s on his wrist. “Because you showed me how much it would hurt you if you ever thought that I would stop loving you.” “I’d do more than that.” Steve mumbles to himself, sitting up in bed. “That’s what scares me.” Tony admits, sitting up as well. “You have so little regard for your own safety.” He begins, slotting his fingers back through his husband’s. “And you don’t care what you throw yourself into if it makes you feel better.” Tony looks up to Steve’s eyes to find them directed at their joint fingers. “You can’t be so reckless for the sake of the ones you love.” Steve remains eyeing his hand in the genius’s, unable to deny Tony’s words because he knows he’s right.
Steve made his way to the adoption agency where he and Tony first met Jackie on foot. He was drained of all his enthusiasm once he looked outside. He was reminded of all the people he saw turn to dust before his eyes, and his dark mind decided to include Jackie in that group. Suddenly, he didn't want to check up on him anymore for fear that he let him down; him and Tony.
Steve got up and checked his small mission bag again. He was sure he had everything but he liked to be on the safe side.
Tony squeezed his eyes shut. He couldn't allow himself to think the word and let it carve a pathway into his mind. If he did, it would make it real and he couldn't let it be, even if he knew. There was another child, a much younger one, that was constantly on his mind. One that he would've been incredibly proud to call himself the father of. Before going their separate ways, Steve and Tony were in a good place, happy together, the happiest Tony had ever been in the 46 years he'd been alive. They were thinking about adopting a baby boy. Jack Rogers-Stark.
Boy, did Tony love it when Steve held him close by his neck, wordlessly claiming Tony his. Or the way he put Tony’s hand next to his heart, letting him know that his heart is Tony’s without having to put it into words. Because if Tony knew anything about Steve, it’s that words were never enough to describe his feelings for Tony. The same Tony who was didn’t deserve any of it as reward for his horrible actions towards his husband.
He paid no attention to Steve, his attention already claimed by the 0.07 of a degree drop in temperature that Jackie had.
Curious by nature, Tony shrugged and rummaged through his drawer for the letter opener he rarely used. He opened it in one swift stroke and unfolded the paper. He beamed as soon as he recognized the flawless calligraphic handwriting. “Steve.” He began reading the letter.
Steve didn’t say the words and after what felt like hours and hours of suffering, they finally stopped, left him to himself. He was swaying in and out of consciousness and he kept coughing up water even hours after they were gone.
It was some time later (again, Steve couldn’t tell how much time had passed) when the door creaked open and Steve heard a pair of alarming combat boots hitting the floor.
"Oh, look at that. Does this turn you on, Captain?" He said and Steve had never in his life felt so humiliated and helpless. Never had anybody done this to him, never had anybody seen him so vulnerable and he felt dirty and cheap for letting this stranger see him like this.
"Well... it went as expected. I got them all out and they were sent out into the world again because-" Tony did everything in his power to give them their life back. "The UN and Ross could be convinced that they are not and never really were a threat. Wanda is still hiding out with Vision as far as I know but they’re okay." He explained and she made a satisfied sound.
His side looked the worst. There was an angry, open wound right over his ribs. And Tony wasn’t sure if what he saw there was bone or muscle.
His hands came up and found shelter nestled in Steve’s overgrown hair. He tugged him closer and kissed him deeper. “That’s more like it.” He whispered against his partner’s lips, once more, his vocal cords not capable of any volume louder than a whisper.
Clint feels Bucky’s arms wrap around his waist and he lets his thoughts of Steve’s lips go. Bucky pushes himself very close to Clint’s back, resting his head on his right shoulder blade. “I told you baby. You can fix it.” He whispers into Clint’s back. “How? I can’t just go up to him and kiss him. Then tell him that I’ve been in love with him ever since he helped me on that mission in Italy.” Clint rants to the mug in front of him. “Doesn’t have to be this hard. Just tell him why you didn’t kiss him and that you wanted to.” Bucky says softly, arms tightening a fraction around Clint, pulling him closer to comfort him. “Tony and I can help.”
They must have hit him with a syringe that made him numb and lose consciousness. Whoever made it, knew how to take out a Supersoldier.
"Oh yes. A villain." The man was now in front of Steve and he could smell him, a penetrating scent filling his nose. It reminded him of Doctors and hospital beds.
"See, I knew you were going to like this." The man said and Steve began to sob, tears gathering in the corners of his eyes as his erection betrayed him and grew even bigger with each stroke.
"Good boy." He whispered in his ear and stroked over his chest and through his wet hair which would have been nice if the guy wasn’t who he was. If Tony would have done it- he would have leaned into it. He would have begged him to stay and do it again.
Steve was dressed in a blue suit, a few shades darker than Tony’s own. But where Tony’s suit sat perfectly tailored on him, Steve’s hugged the curves of his muscles obscenely. Not to mention the perfectly coiffed blonde hair contrasting with the most beautiful blue eyes. He was a sight.
“Stop it!” Bucky demands, emerging from the comfort of his blanket. “Nope! Not until you get up!” Clint teases, bringing the pillow down on Bucky’s face yet again. “Quit it!” Bucky yanks the pillow out of Clint’s hand and shoves it under his own. Clint brings out the adorable puppy face. “Please..” He pleads sweetly, fingers running up and down Bucky’s left arm. The soldier watches as he pouts and widens his eyes further. “All right!” Bucky gives up, smiling. “Thanks!” Clint says, excitement in his voice, already moving to get off the bed when cool metal wraps around his wrist, pulling him back down.
The bottle of wine was left unopened where Steve placed it on the living room table. Tony’s jacket was still on the couch where Steve tossed it. Steve’s jacket hung by the door. Shoes blocked the doorway to the bathroom, and clothes were strewn about the bedroom.
Bucky loosens Clint’s fingers in his shirt, bringing his fingers up to his lips to brush his lips over them. Clint shuts his eyes and feels nothing but Bucky’s lips ghosting over his calloused hand. He made his decision to trust Bucky blindly a long time ago and knew that he shouldn’t be worried. He couldn’t help it, but he wasn’t going to pass on the opportunity to at least explain himself even if the captain decides to ignore his feelings.
They both heard the rain picking up by the heavy pattering it made against the railing before they felt it. Tony moved to duck from the assault of the water and accidentally knocked over the forgotten cup of coffee which fell over the balcony. “Oops.”
Steve lays awake in bed with Tony’s arms wrapping him in a loose hug. He isn’t dressed as isn’t Tony. They drifted to sleep in each other’s arms soon after the rain streaked window turned it’s watchful eyes away. He wants to listen to Tony’s every breath but the multiple sounds of the city below are interrupting the chorus of Tony’s gentle even breathing. He takes holds of Tony’s wrist by his hip and turns it over. The imprint of Steve’s fingers still present on the fair skin. Slowly and carefully, he brings the genius’s hand higher up and kisses the mark he left.
Clint exhales and focuses his attention on Bucky and Tony. “Get a room!” He yells and Tony laughs. “We intend to!” “Get on with it then!” Steve joins and his words make Bucky ease Tony off his hips and onto his feet. He keeps a hold of his hand as he steps forward to kiss Clint and shortly after, Steve. Tony copies Bucky and kisses the two blonds before tugging Bucky under the rain and towards the tower. “Wait!” Clint calls as he is taking off Bucky’s jacket. “Don’t forget your jacket.” He says as he hands it to Bucky. “You sure you don’t want it?” Bucky asks taking a hold of his jacket. “Yeah. Absolutely.” He nods, earning Bucky’s wide grin in response before Tony pulls on his hand again.
"I wanted you to come back to me and that made me feel like the world's biggest hypocrite because that's exactly what I do to you. And I don’t even have reason to." Tony stopped, sobbing quietly at Steve’s shoulder.
Tony’s look of pure bewilderment was astonishing. “Why?” He’d forgotten how he had the idea of getting a room before they started dinner. In his defence though, Steve was distracting.
“You have an amazing bike, Cap. No one else has anything that gets even close to your awesome bike.” Clint marvels, beautiful grin on his face. Steve feels his cheeks colouring brightly, rapidly. He clears his throat. “Tony kind of rebuilt the entire thing so it’s a Stark original.” Clint frowns, making Steve regret every word he said. He tries to cover up his blunder. “But I’m sure he’ll get right on your bike.” Clint’s expression doesn’t change and Steve curses himself mentally. Why did he have to brag about the damn bike?
He just kept his hand in Tony's and silently walked him into the bedroom and over to sit at the edge of the bed. He left then and Tony panicked before he realized that Steve was checking on Jackie in the next bedroom.
“I love you.” Clint whispers, returning Steve’s affection. Steve’s smile widens and more tears run down his cheeks. He tilts his head, leaning down a little, and presses his lips to Clint’s. Clint kisses him back softly, simply brushing his lips against his. But it’s enough. It’s him and it’s Steve and it’s their first kiss and it’s right. Steve’s hands return to Clint’s hips and Clint’s loop around his neck, inviting him in. Steve kisses him slowly as if in promise that they’ll have all the time in the world to do exactly this. Clint smiles at Steve’s lips, pulling away hesitantly. Steve cups his face, thumbs brushing away the last of his tears. “I love you.” He reminds Clint who laughs and pulls Steve’s neck towards him, touching their foreheads. “I have a feeling you’ll be reminding me of that a lot.” He jokes. Steve chuckles and motions for Tony and Bucky to join them. They rise from the couch together and walk hand-in-hand towards Clint and Steve. Bucky wraps his arms around Steve’s waist, landing kisses to his neck. Tony holds Clint close to his chest and kisses between his shoulder blades. Steve and Clint smile at Bucky and Tony’s approval before Clint takes Steve’s lips between his again, returning his promise of forever.
A cold hand comes down on the soaking wet fabric of his purple hoodie, startling and bringing him out of his thoughts. He turns around and finds that the hand belongs to Bucky, the left. Clint waits for Bucky to speak first, not really in the mood to start a conversation. Bucky remains silent, his eyes on the archer, searching him deep for something that Clint knows he’s missing. He averts his eyes, looking down on his knee - length black army boots instead. The sound of the rain washing down heavily on the tower’s balcony filling his ears.
But he was a self indulgent one, unable to help it when he gasped and pulled away from the warmth of Steve’s lips, staring up at him.
Steve opened his eyes to thankfully dim lightning, Tony being the gentleman Steve knows him to be, and the smiling face of his son. "Hey Jackie."
He hadn't looked around the room when he'd come in, but now that he had, he noticed how vastly different it was. Tony must've redecorated since.. He too must have wanted to bury some memories.
Steve can’t articulate any of his emotions so he settles for a sigh that lands Tony’s chin on his bare shoulder. “I’ll never stop loving you.” Tony promises in Steve’s ear, wrapping his arm around his waist. Steve turns a fraction to face Tony and presses his forehead to his, nose brushing his very slightly and familiarly. He watches as Tony flutters his eyes closed. “Even if you kissed someone who I wasn’t in love with.” Tony adds, his smile returning to his full lips. Steve smiles as Tony’s lips tug up and he thinks that maybe this can work. He can love Tony and Bucky and still have a last chance at discovering whether Clint likes him or just views him as a friend. He’s not giving up now. Not when he put Tony through so much pain last night. Not if Tony is still smiling and laughing and cracking jokes like nothing’s happened. Maybe Steve can do the same. He doesn’t need to be upset with himself so much when Tony and Bucky aren’t.
"I can wait. I have our Jackie. When he wakes up, he'll definitely ask me to play Fix It with him." Tony lied. Only about the waiting part. Because no matter what he's doing, Steve will be on his mind. Even when he's calculating the complex mathematical equations that make Iron Man possible. Even when he's machining parts and fixing up damaged gauntlets. Steve’s always there. It just so happens that Tony can push Steve to the back of his mind when he knows that Steve's home.
Clint didn't watch him so much anymore. Or he tried but he kept glancing to his right every once in a while to only see about a quarter of Steve's face.
"Please don't pretend that everything is okay. I know I'm hurting you and causing you emotional distress that's keeping you up at night." Tony plead, pressing himself impossibly closer to Steve's chest. "You miss me when I leave you to work and it's so bad that when you see me you just want to make sure that it's real. That I’m real." His voice cracked and he pressed a kiss to Steve's neck. "I'm real. I'm real and I'm the worst husband ever who doesn’t deserve you."
He saw Steve standing back bare to the air with only his thin sweatpants on facing out to the dimly lit street, his cup of coffee balanced on the railing. His longer than usual hair got caught on the current every now and again and showed the length of his neck, uncommonly framed by his new facial hair. He was a sight.
Bucky draws his lips away from the sensitive skin, keeping his arms around the archer’s waist. “Is it because you want him instead?” Bucky asks, looking into Clint’s blue eyes. “No. Not because of that.” Clint admits honestly, turning around in Bucky’s arms to face him. “I just can’t do this when I’m so angry at myself.” He leans his head down onto Bucky’s collar bone. Bucky’s arms immediately go to work rubbing soothing circles over the archer’s tense back. “You don’t have to be. Solving this little dilemma of yours is so easy.” He kisses the top of Clint’s head. “Trust me. If I know anything, it’s how Steve thinks. And I know that he’ll listen to you.”
He disengaged the seatbelts and summoned the strength to exit the jet. The compound was empty, so that wasn't why he was weary. He was weary because he was about to be flooded with another wave from behind the broken dam. He took a deep breath, squared his shoulders and made his way inside.
Tony returned every single one, drinking in the feeling of Steve this close to him and the distinct beautiful scent of him and warm and sweet softness that were his Steve's lips.
He couldn’t make out any words and he didn't try to. Why would he hurt himself like that? No doubt they were talking about missing each other or what they'd like to do when they were reunited. Yeah, it would hurt if he heard Cap planning to bed Stark.
Tony leaned forward until his chest was pressed flush against Steve’s and he wound his arms tighter around his neck, leaving no space between them. “Why wouldn’t I be?”
The elevator dinged, signalling their arrival at the correct floor. Steve led them out and down the long hallway, stopping at the end of it in front of a door marked ‘The Presidential Suite’.
Tony laughed, head thrown back and joy contagious. "Why would I be upset? Clint came and told me without being asked. You told me as well. I knew you would tell me even if I didn't bring it up."
Everything after the explosion was mostly a blur. He watched SHIELD go through the standard procedures and god knows how he gave his report of the mission. He was back in the jet wearing dry civilian clothes and drinking warm coffee. He must’ve changed to the clothes he had in his bag but he didn't remember. He was vaguely aware of how tired he was and that made sense.
His eyes widened and his jaw dropped. "Could it be?" He proceeded towards the man who didn't appear to be moving away. Steve kept his distance but the man turned and looked at him and was quickly running away. Steve was sure he saw the shine of metal around his eyes. He couldn't help the small hopeful smile that made its way onto his face.
And then, when those ocean eyes appeared in front of him, so familiar and calm, he swore to himself that he would rather kill that man than call him.
There was a moment of silence and Tony heard somebody sighing. "But I can’t-" then there was the sound of skin hitting skin, someone breathing heavily and groaning. Tony gripped the phone tight.
Months passed. Months of not seeing his teammates except when he watched the news. He talked to Sam and Nat on the daily but he still hadn’t had the guts to call Tony.
Steve was panting, coughing and struggling to stay conscious. A hand was burying itself in his blond hair and pulled, making his head slam against the back of the chair. He moaned out in pain.
Tony was listening to it all, gathering every sound in the background, every hint Steve could have given him. Tolstoi- who the hell was Tolstoi?!
"Repeat." There was the hand over his face again. "NO-" Steve gasped but the rest of his words were muffled by the water and Steve tried to hold his breath but he didn’t last long, there still was water in his nose, burning and irritating.
"They what-?" Tony looked at him incredulously and finally it all made sense. The restrains were not made to hold somebody like Steve Rogers. The supersoldier would have easily escaped them.
"Send the information over to Natasha, Clint and Sam. We’re going there. Change of course. Inform T’Challa too."
He wanted to see him. Hear him, talk to him and maybe let him shout at him too. He’d let him do it, he’d let Tony scream at him and scold bim, curse and shout and hit him. It would be okay and maybe just what Steve needed.
She was talking about the mission. THE mission. It wasn’t a mission really. It was his job to save his team members from Ross‘ bunker that he called a prison.
Hell, he shouldn’t even be here. He should have went into the ice all those years ago and stay there.
Tony would recognize that face and body anywhere and solely because he had designed the mans suit. Not because he had stored up every single view of Steves ass and biceps and chest and back in his brain. Nope.
He was bleeding continuously now, his thighs covered in shining blood. Black dots appeared in front of his eyes.
And then, just for a few seconds, Steve looked like he had zoned out, standing completely still, staring at the blank wall, his chest heaving.
"Later." Steve said and Tony gazed at him just a second longer before he helped Steve out of the bunker.
"It’s funny because we found your flipphone in the basement. Some gross and horrible pictures were on there. So no, we have to talk about it."
One last time he went to his room, appreciated the view he had on the jungle of Wakanda and grabbed his few belongings. His phone too, of course.
But maybe this was fate and Tony was there because it would be a good place to talk. Away from Ross and the others. Just the of them. Maybe it was sign.
"How was the mission?" She asked and he let out a gasp. "You know about the mission?!" He hissed in surprise.
His already sore throat was burning and convulsing but the man didn’t stop and pushed it in further, making Steve cough and try to escape. His captor didn’t stop. He grabbed the back of his head and pushed him down on the stun gun.
Then again, what would be so bad about being taken into custody and thrown somewhere dark and cold. He probably deserved it.
The man who took the picture came back to him and held it under his nose. "Look." He said proudly and what Steve saw made his stomach turn. It was a picture of him, sweating and dripping, sitting in the chair with the word HYDRA being carved into his chest.
By the end of it, he was covered in them, his chest, his arms, his legs. Everything was red and soon to be blue, bleeding.
The stark contrast between Tonys expensive outfit and Steve who was wearing nothing but a hospital gown was odd.
"We can’t still live in the past. We need to move on. Fighting each other won’t help us now." He said and stood next to Steve like he was protecting him.
"Good morning, boss." Friday chirped when Tony entered the lab, fidgeting with the hem of his shirt.
"What were you expecting when you visited my room, Rogers?" Tony asked with a dirty smirk and got a blush as an answer.
"What do you mean he’s taking care of himself?" Steve asked and he could practically hear Nat smiling when she said "So you ARE interested. Ask him that yourself." and hung up. Just like that.
"We haven’t gotten to the best part yet." The voice said with a chuckle and he felt the mans dirty hands wrapping around his waist and Steve shook his head. "Stay away f-from me." He whispered.
Steve was blinking the dripping blood out of his eyes as Tony responded "I’m going to tear you apart. You guys think I’m giving you answers to these shit show questions? What do you think, you think I’m stupid?"
"It also should be in your interest to get this man behind bars, Stark." Ross voice lowers as he searches for Tonys eyes.
"You know that I cleaned that room yesterday, right?" She stated and followed him suit, walking up the stairs behind him like his shadow.
"Stark, I ask you again. If you know the location of Steve Rogers I expect you to inform me and ME ONLY immediately. I want to see him face the consequences of his actions. I want to see him suffer and-." He rubbed his hands together as if he was starving for his next meal and could practically taste his success.
"Stop-" He begged and tugged at the restraints, whined as they didn’t move one bit and reminded him of how weak he was due to the drugs.
"Call him." She whispers and Steves eyes fall closed, he bites his lips to prevent a broken sob from spilling. "Nat, I can’t."
"Listen, Steve. I know how hard this is for you. But you need each other. It’s also hard for him-" Steve sprinted for the phone again and held it in front of his mouth before he spluttered "H-How is he?"
And then the hands around his waist were gone and Steve heard a loud noise, almost like a bang before he saw a blue light shining into the rather dark room.
"How about this." The man said and before Steve knew what was happening, the man took a swing with his hand and stabbed the scalpel right into his side.
Sweet thing. It’s what Tony always called others when they meant something to him. Pepper and sometimes even Rhodey. Or when he was talking to his robots.
He went downstairs into the cellar and put it in the corner. Covered with the soft material, the shield didn’t look like a weapon. It looked so innocent.
Tony and the others had just arrived at their destination. Natashas jet had landed right next to his. T'Challa had informed him be was positioned close to them so if they needed help, he’d be there.
"Go on, soldier." Tony could practically see the mans smile as he said that. He was going to crush him.
Tonys eyes widened in disbelief. "Excuse me? Not that bad? You had blood and bruises all over you. Your side was bleeding like there was no end and your knees- don’t get me started on your knees."
Tony. He wanted to say but his lips were stuck together like someone had just sealed them with glue.
"You look like a mess." He said and Steve looked down on himself, black and blue bruises meeting his eyes as well as the still bleeding side from where the scalpel had been. The skin around the knifes in his thighs had already started to heal and Steve cringed at the thought of having them pulled out.
Tony gave him a curt nod. He didn’t want to make Steve any more uncomfortable than he already was around him. "I’ll leave you to yourself. I’ll just go outside 'nd let you... sleep."
And then he felt the hands wandering to the front, over his chest. "Leave me alone!" He cried out with all the power be had left because he couldn’t do this. He couldn’t let this happen to him. He didn’t want it. Not like this.
The moment was so private, so personal, just the two of them, Tony helping Steve to drink. It was surreal. Steve loved it.
"Just know... I got your back. Always." Sam said nevertheless and Steve felt a grounding hand on his shoulder, giving him something steady to hold onto.
Tony and Steve had both lost in this battle. Looking at the big picture, Tony would say the aftermath was in his favor since Steve lost his shield and his team because he couldn’t get over his stubbornness.
She leaned forward in her seat. "Mr. Rogers?" She asked and he felt incredibly stupid now. Why did he even come here. What kind of idiot was he to-
"Come on, we need to get you out of here-" The deep voice of no one else but Tony said. Steve was close to crying. He was here. Tony was here.
"No. Okay? That was not your fault, get it through your head!" He said very fiercely now and Steve remained silent. Tony was probably right. He hoped Tony was right.
"You need to get some rest, can you do that?" Steve nodded and immediately regretted it as pain raced down his side. He cringed. "Shh, I’m here." Steve looked up and really, there he was, Tony looming over him, a small smile on his lips as he looked right back at him. "Sleep." He said and Steve closed his eyes again.
"Come on. Get in here." Tony said casually and opened his arms for Steve to lean into him, his head falling against his chest in exhaustion.
"Yes -wanna get out of here. Is- Is he dead?" Steve asked and Tony nodded. "Nat took him out before he..." Steve hissed under his breath before muttering "Good! That’s good."
"READ IT!" He shouted and Steve groaned helplessly as the paper was held in front of his watery eyes.
"No. It’ll heal. The wounds I mean." The memories will be burned into my brain forever. Serum makes me remember everything vividly.
Steve carefully took a look inside. It was a big room, luxurious, renaissance and.. not really Tonys style. Maybe he wanted a change. "Tony?" Tony was nowhere in sight. There wasn’t even a bag standing on the counter or a curtain drawn back.
"I want to make it up to you. I owe you. And sometimes it feels like I can make it up to you, like I can still save this but then-" He gasped for breath. "Then you say my name and I realize that you deserve better. You deserve a family and a life without difficulties. All I do is ruin your life." Steve was practically sobbing by now.
Steve looked up at the hotel and back at his phone. Was this Tonys way of saying: Come up here and visit me, we need to talk.
"I know a place. Nobody will know you’re there." She shot him a look that said something like Seriously?
"You piece of shit. Who the hell are you." Steve shouted and struggled against the metal again but it didn’t move one bit. He was so weak.
"You and I both know very well that you could hand Rogers over any time but you choose not to because of what?" Ross asks and his eyebrows quirk up in amusement.
He was barely aware of the fact that he could breathe now before he coughed, retched and spluttered and spat.
Steve went on "The fight we had was my fault. The split of the Avengers was my fault. It was all my fault. If I had told you... If I hadn’t fallen for HYDRAs trap you wouldn’t be concerned about me... See how I screwed up again? I endangered you and Natasha and Clint and Sam. I’m so-" pathetic.
Before he realized what was happening to him, there was a long, cold rod put into his drooling, open mouth.
He slowly tried to get himself into a sitting position. It probably took him minutes, his throbbing side making it a living hell.
Tony’s robe was disheveled and showed more skin than it hid and he was glad for the effect he saw it was having on Steve. He bit his lower lip as Steve’s legs landed on either side of him on the too narrow bed. “Damn small bed.” He managed to huff out before Steve’s lips captured his.
"Why? Tell you as what? Why is it even so important to you?" Steve bit in return. It wasn’t his intention but this is his weakness. This is the conversation that if they had and turned south could mean him and Tony separating with no return.
He opens the door but Steve’s hand slams it closed. He takes Tony’s wrists to lead him to sit back down on the bed and gasps, recognizing his own fingers bruising Tony’s wrists. He lips are parted but there will never be any words to make this right. Tony slips his wrists out of Steve’s loose hold and turns to face the door. Steve presses up behind him and Tony becomes very aware of Steve’s stomach muscles touching his back. They didn’t have time for clothes before it all went to hell. Tony steps forward, away from the soldier’s warmth but there isn’t much space and he ends up hitting the door with a small thud. Steve fills the step the genius had taken, wrapping his arms around his stomach. He drops his forehead on Tony’s left shoulder and Tony can feel him shaking. His tears resume their rain, this time catching on the soft skin of Tony’s shoulder instead of his hands.
"I think it may have been an accident." Steve rested his head on Tony's shoulder, his arms finding haven around Tony's ribs. "Ask him."
His attention was caught by a shelf against the wall beside the door. It was full of little things that Tony found either interesting or precious. Steve remembered most of them, but they weren't arranged in the way they were now. There were a few new additions: a small teddy bear, the BARF glasses, a piece of paper with mathematical equations, a small mannequin wearing a black and red tracksuit, and an Iron Man helmet.
He shrugged. "When you haven't talked to someone for a long while, it comes back so easily and you click right back into place. It's always like that. Missing him, crying, and then it's all perfect until he leaves me for his workshop again."
He was going to be late. FRIDAY informed him that ETA to Steve’s destination was 6:54 PM if he left now. He wasn’t done with his hair yet and he didn’t know how he should style it. It really didn’t help him concentrate how she kept updating his ETA every two minutes.
Clint's mind was blank, what could he possibly say to that? He couldn’t admit how jealous of Stark he was or just how much sense it made now that Steve’s explained it.
"Cap. 25 seconds." Clint saw him trading punches with the drug lord. SHIELD intel left out the important detail that the guy was a martial artist. Nothing as great as Cap but he was enough to be considered a threat.
Steve moved like Tony witnessed him move in battle, lightning fast and incredibly hush. He suddenly found himself sitting on the railing of the balcony, inches away from the cup of coffee that somehow remained balanced. Steve’s hands curled around his hips as he leaned in and touched their lips together.
He didn't mind. A quarter of his face was better than nothing. Clint may have secretly liked liked Cap. He kept it to himself, not a soul knew. How could he tell anyone when Steve and Tony were so open about their marriage and child?
Soon enough, Clint was standing in front of him, saying something that Steve guessed was we're back at the tower. So he must’ve dosed off and at least a small fraction of the fuzzy state was actually dreams. He moved to get up but Clint set a hand on his shoulder.
Holding his hand in his, like it’s the most precious thing in the world, Steve kissed the ring on Tony’s finger. A laugh escaped Tony’s lips and he threw himself at Steve once more, who took his weight with an ‘oof’, and kissed him languidly.
"I detected the drop in Master Jack's temperature and seeing as you and the Captain were occupied, I alerted Agent Barton as he was already awake."
Steve returned his kiss then pulled away to look into his eyes. “Yes.” He confirmed and kissed Tony deeper.
Steve could not control his tears as they returned at full force and streamed down his cheeks, pooling in the sleeve of his shirt. Tony's thoughts were of him and Jackie. Jackie, whom they never got to bring into their family. He was Tony's dream, and he became Steve's the second Tony asked if they could adopt him. He stopped dreaming about having a family long ago, but Tony pulled him into it and he couldn't have been more excited.
Steve reached forward and adjusted them. "Next time you can't sleep well, you come to me and Papa okay?"
Clint caught Cap's smile out of the corner of his eye and couldn’t help but smile as well. "Yeah it's only gonna get worse."
"I called you like I promised. But you were napping you lazy bear." Steve smiled to himself. "I missed you precious one." He mumbled, pressing a kiss to Jackie's forehead.
Thankfully, Clint only nodded in silent understanding. "Well we've been here for a while; it's just not time to move close to the target yet."
But he honestly just wanted to help. It's not like his hopes for him and Cap getting together were that high. Maybe if he knew then he could talk to Stark about the proper way to treat the gem that he had.
Tony would've wanted to hold him, just the way he had the first time. He'd spent a long time with him that they had to be asked to leave. They laughed it off and promised to be back later. Only, Steve never imagined that he'd come back on his own. He swiped his index finger under his eye to catch a tear before it splashed onto Jackie's blankets.
Breathless. That’s another word to sum up Tony’s day. Steve took his breath away, looking the way he did at dinner, froze his lungs from drawing up air when he revealed his heart to him, made his chest tight every time he reached for his hand and kissed the most valuable anything Tony now owned.
That's when Steve emerged from behind the shield and slung it forward, disabling three henchmen in one throw. He caught it swiftly and jumped off the bike, continuing his assault on foot. He caught a glimpse of the bike returning to the jet. Smart STARK technology specifically designed for him when Tony got sick of replacing his bike after every mission. He smiled to himself. He loved this man.
It was inside the elevator and nearing the floor Steve selected that Tony spoke. “Does Mr. Rogers intend to do unspeakable things to me? Away from home, alone, isolated in a hotel.”
"It's hard to see if you don’t know all the facts." Steve whispered, sounding defeated. "I'm not me. This is a ghost of me."
"I love you." Steve whispered, the words ghosting over Tony’s lips."I love you." He repeated, his voice breaking just as he touched his lips to his husband's.
Steve squeezed his eyes shut and tried to push those thoughts away. The last thing he wanted was to drag a knife through his old wounds that have begun to heal at last. The last thing he needed was to think about who gave him access to the compound and allowed him to call it home. The last thing he couldn't allow himself to remember were the memories he shared there. The absolute last thing he couldn't bear was the thought of
He didn't know they would lose so much. He didn't know he would lose so much. He didn't know he was so weak without his anchor, without the love of his life, the love of his every cell,
Scribbling his signature down on the paper, Steve looked squarely into Tony’s eyes. “Who said it’s the end of the night?”
“FRIDAY! If I want to know when I’m getting there, I’ll ask!” He called out to the AI as he experimented with different ways to part his hair.
It's like giving an addict a small dosage just to settle him down but all it does is make him want more, crave more.
With tears on his cheeks, Tony reached forward and switched the recording off. He picked up the helmet and pressed his forehead to its', before dropping a kiss to the line symbolizing its lips. For Steve, whose lips he's never going to feel ever again.
"But you are Cap. No one could make you not be you." Clint argued, taking Steve's face in both his hands.
"I'll call every chance I get. I promise." Steve kissed the back of his neck and let go of his shoulders.
"Tony-" Steve whimpered and then he was gone. And with him the only safe place Steve had here. He was cold. The ice water was swimming on his bare chest and stomach. He shook it off and immediately felt dizzy, his head pounding, blood ringing in his ears that were still full with water.
"Nat, you don’t know how I feel when I hear his name. My stomach turns and I feel so sick that I could vomit, cry and beg how sorry I am all at once. I’m just so..." sad.
"Looks like its the last resort. Nearly nobody on the roof, no heat resignations on the top floors. It’s the bunker we need to get to." Sam said. His words were slightly worried. Worried as in, he didn’t want to find Steve dead.
His breath hitched and his hand went to his neck, feeling numb as he touched his own skin. He heard something metallic clattering to the ground, like a pin only much louder.
"Believe it or not, I’m not completely heartless. Ste- Rogers is a part of the Avengers. He always was. And we need to do everything we can to get him out of those fuckers hands." Clint gave him a  calculating look before he walked up to him and reached out his hand. "For Steve." Tony looked back at him and shook his hand. "For Steve."
Sometimes he wished he could face him again and not hold back with his repulsors. Shoot and shoot until Rogers was bleeding and coughing and-
Steve had no idea what he was talking about until there was a hand on his upper thigh, sliding down to his intimate area. "GET YOUR HANDS OFF ME!" He shouted with sheer terror, his voice cracking as he twisted away from the strangers touch.
His vision went blurry and darker as he felt the power leaving his neck that was pushing up against the hand.
One time there was Tony standing next to him, looking down at him with a warm and friendly smile. "Tony." Steve whispered and his eyes watered with joy.
He threw his backpack down on the bench, ripped it open and frantically searched for his phone. He sighed in relief as he felt it in his hands.
"And I know that if I’d talk to him now, I’d be mute and couldn’t even say how i feel because I DON‘T KNOW how I feel! I feel like shit but that‘s okay because-" I deserve it.
He whined in frustration when he saw a hand closing over his eyes. He shook his head because he didn’t want to do this anymore. He just wanted it to stop. He wanted it so stop.
When he stepped into the building, he gasped in surprise because the ceiling was incredibly high, golden, massive chandeliers hanging down and lighting up the marble hall.
He cursed himself for ever wishing Steve pain and bad luck. Dwelling on guilt would not get Steve out however.
He stayed there and stared at the wall before he let out a hiss and jumped up from the sofa, shouting "Friday, pull up the video feed from last week."
Suddenly the man had a knife in his hand and slammed it into Steves leg, just above his knee cap. The air stopped in his windpipe and came out in ragged breaths. He curled in on himself but the man grabbed his hair and pushed his head back so far that his front was exposed.
"What the-" he slurred and felt his legs giving out underneath him. His body crashed to the floor and everything turned black.
His eyes frantically snapped to the closed door on his right, dreading to open it and look. He became more and more uncomfortable in his sheets, fidgeting with it and craning his neck every now and then to look out of the window.
"I’m going to kill you. I’m gonna kill you. STOP IT!" He shouted and at the same time tried to will down the erection that was starting to grow.
"The number you have dialed does not exist, please-" He pressed the hang up button so hard the phone made a cracking noise.
He could feel his fingers, he moved one after the other and felt them curling but still, he didn’t really get a grip. It felt like he had just woken up from a good nights sleep, his muscles weak and not able to contract.
He felt helpless, his damped voice throbbing in his ears as he choked and struggled for air. His lungs were filling with water and his heart beat uncontrollably, the panic of dying present in his head and body. Every single cell was fighting against the feeling of drowning, of dying.
Steve groaned as if he couldn’t believe Tony was treating him like a criminal. As if he had anything on him. And then he realized Tony was probably not trusting him one tiny bit.
As he spun his chair back around, he noticed a blue corner hidden until a thick black folder. He leaned forward and pulled it out, finding it to be a letter envelope. He raised an eyebrow. It was strange that an unopened letter made its way to his desk. His team took care of all mail and only forwarded what was important to him. Stranger still was that the letter was addressed to him by first name only, with no postage or return address. Tony came to the conclusion that someone placed it on his desk for him to read only.
He was aware of Steve’s tap on the small of his back and  opened his eyes looking down at Steve to realize that he was practically using him as a mattress. "Sorry." He mumbled, lifting himself off Steve to sit next to him. He saw that the explosion managed to knock the druglord unconscious.
The door to their bedroom slid open behind them then and they both tensed, breaking away from each other’s lips and loosening the tight embrace. Nobody ever came up to their room. Besides, all the doors in the tower were automatic. JARVIS wouldn't open the door to just anyone without asking them.
“Because,” Steve explained, switching Tony’s arm on his for his hand, linking their fingers together. “We have a room.”
Tony began to put the clothes away in the closet, a fond expression colouring his face at the fact that Steve thought of everything, even though he still didn’t tell him much. Tony was gathering some clues; it appeared that Steve had arranged a little getaway for them, why though, Tony couldn’t answer. Yet.
It took Tony a while to register that Steve was speaking after the shudder went through him completely.
A moment passed and neither of them moved, or wanted to, perfectly content standing in each other’s arms. It was Tony who pulled back a fraction to look into Steve’s eyes. “Cloak and dagger. Is that your new game?”
Tony raised an eyebrow. “You’ve been acting cryptic all day. Well, whatever part of the day I witnessed you. The letter, this date, you refusing to tell me what’s going on. Not that I’m not enjoying it, but I’m a curious man, Steve. I like answers.”
Steve tilted his head to look at his husband for the first time. He looked stunning. He was wearing a dark black tux that shone in the dim light, paired with a white shirt and a crimson tie.
Tony moaned quietly at his lips and Steve looked into his eyes. It wasn’t often that Tony held back on being a little vocal.
Tony could picture him as clearly as if he were looking at him right this second. The round face and soft fair skin. The wide, innocent honey coloured eyes, and the soft hair that was just a few shades darker than Steve's and a couple lighter than Tony's.
Steve wished he was in possession of the Time Stone as this moment, because he wanted it to last forever. Holding Jackie in his arms, he could pretend that he's bringing him home to surprise Tony with. Or he could turn back time and make sure they do this right the first time and avoid the heartbreak that happened between them.
"Steve? Steve’s sleeping now J. And I'm going to join him. And you've been keeping me up to date on Jackie so you know he's asleep." Tony got up and stretched, instructing DUM-E to clean up his mess as he made his way to the bathroom in the workshop for a quick relief before heading up to scrub away the grime.
"He told me what you talked about, furthering what I already knew." He shrugged. "He also told me that he likes you so much and may even love you."
That’s what Steve is afraid of. Tony asking the only important question. He shuts his eyes, fingers still attempting to make a difference in touches on Tony’s wrist. “I wronged you and you don’t deserve that.” Steve says, his own tears spilling past his lashes. “I hate myself for what I did and I lashed out in the only way I know.” He continues, voice growing very quiet. “I would never hurt you. Never. I’d rather d..” “Sshhh.” Tony interrupts. “Don’t say it.” Steve lets go of Tony’s wrist to cup his face in both hands. “I’m sorry.” He breathes, his voice shaking significantly. “I’m so sorry. I’m so sorry Tony. I’m sorry. I’m horrible to you and I don’t deserve you. But I’m sorry.” Steve rambles, saying all that he felt so Tony would know. He drops his head, landing his forehead against Tony’s. “I’m sorry..” He whispers again, completely defeated by his own actions.
In the end he decided to style it similarly to how he did on their first date. He was possibly being a tad bit nostalgic. He knew Steve liked it when he styled his hair like that so it was bound to earn him bonus points if he calculated his outfit accurately.
Tony grinned at the name, it was impossible for him not to. Jack constantly reminded him that he could do good with his life. Jack was the proof.
Tony understood and pulled Steve's hand away from their members. He laced his fingers through Steve's and took hold of them again.
"Clint texted me earlier. There's a mission. We're leaving at dawn." Steve didn’t bring up that he hardly ever slept when Tony's away. Or that he’s been waiting for what seemed like ever. Tony doesn’t need to know. This kind of hurt is for Steve's heart only.
Tony sighed; he always found it relaxing to watch the city, especially from high up. It reminded him of being in the suit and flying high up above all the unsuspecting civilians. Tonight though, it’s just a beautiful night with the one he cares about most.
He was pulled out of his own head again as the glass door to his workshop unlocked and Steve came into view. He looked tired and definitely upset. Tony knew the reason for the latter. The first making sense as well if the clock above the door was any indication. It was 3:17AM. Usually, Steve would be up in less than two hours so it made sense that he looked tired. Tony figured his constant worrying about him wasn't doing so well for his sleeping either.
Tony shook his head slightly with a small smile on his lips. "This is different." He admitted. He was right. This was like reuniting the two of them after the time they spent apart because of him. It was a reunion between them. One that shadowed everything they’ve done together and brought them right back to their first time. With Steve being the exact opposite of everyone Tony’s had in his bed. Steve who was so gentle and careful about everything, even the smallest detail. Steve who took Tony into his arms on their marriage bed and made love to him against moonlight streaming into their room and brisk sea breeze filling the air.
The image of shards of glass and red and gold made its way behind his eyelids and Steve forced his eyes wide open. "No."
A flicker in his eyes suggested an idea. “FRIDAY, take the car back home.” He instructed as he stepped out of the car.
Tony stood frozen, staring into the most beautiful blue eyes he’s ever seen, speechless in the eloquence of Steve’s words, petrified in fear of not being enough for all the elegance and grace that is Steve Rogers.
Steve opened his eyes and met Tony’s who smiled at him. He smiled back and pressed a kiss to the top of his head.
“That you what?” Clint asks then runs over what Steve just said. I make him laugh? His mind smiles at him in his thoughts. And he can’t stop thinking about what I say? He shakes his head, trying to quiet the voice in it. Steve remains silent, turned towards Tony and Bucky who’ve gone very still. “Steve. That you what?” Clint repeats, his expression pleading that Steve have mercy and tell him. Steve’s upper lip curls catches between his teeth as he tries to say what he wishes to. He exchanges looks with Bucky and Tony who nod to him, encouraging him on.
Steve's chest tightened with emotion. Tony hasn't done that in a very long time. For Steve it was another promise from Tony to try harder and to be a better husband and father.
Clint didn’t push, wanting to give Steve the time he looked like he needed to compose himself. He felt terrible now that he's brought it up. Steve was a hundred times sadder than before.
Tony pokes Steve in the middle of his chest “Finally decided that I’m right?” He teases, bringing a grin to the Captain’s face. Steve pulls Tony to him and under the heavy spray of water. “Is it that obvious?” He asks, looking over Tony’s shoulder. “Mhmm.” He hears Tony say in response. “You’re you again baby.” Tony props his chin onto Steve’s shoulder. “It’s more than obvious. It’s my Steve.” Steve smiles wide to the wall in front of him. Tony laughs and reaches to his right side for shampoo. Steve shuts his eyes and relaxes under Tony’s fingers, warmth and sweetness filling his heart.
Tony wipes away a couple of fresh tears and tilts his head up, connecting his lips to Steve’s. Steve kisses him softly, fervently,  surrendering himself to Tony’s lips. New tears streak his cheeks, but he can’t bring himself to care. He kisses Tony deeper yet very gentle, letting Tony lead him. Tony kisses him again and again, tangling his fingers in his blond hair, never wanting to let his lips miss a single brush of Steve’s. Steve pulls back, pain colouring his eyes. “I’m sorry..” He apologizes to Tony’s lips. “Sshhh.” Tony orders, capturing Steve’s lips again.
