He flushed bright pink.  “For heaven's sake!  You don't waste time.”  He shifted; crossed his legs, uncrossed them.  “And you're
“Please, go ahead,” I said.
“Oh, why, partly with the help of this, of course,” said he, removing from his pocket a small tan-leather book and waving it aloft.  “I took Talmadge's address book from his desk drawer.”
I rove my hand under and onto his chest.  The soft tickle of hair and the strong beat of his heart.  I trace down to his stomach, then down to--
The next morning, I slept late.  It was nine before I dragged myself awake, to find the will to wash and dress and comb my hair.  My head was spinning – not from wine, but from the state that I now found myself within.  Wanting a man.  This ardour, suddenly a searing flame, a
“I am sorry about your brother Harold,” he said.
A little silver-tonguework from my friend, and we had procured the last known address of ex PC Spencer.
I chased him up; he flung himself upon the bed.
“And she has never heard of William Eldritch.  She admitted, however, that she had recently read for both Flowers and Sloan, and was most surprised to learn that each had come to talk with me.”
“Good luck,” I said.
“I hope to confirm my theories very shortly,” he replied.
“Well, a good morning, then,” I said.
“Yes,” my friend replied.  “Oh, Watson, you're really very slow, on today of all days.”  He lunged, and snatched a singlestick from a rack upon the wall.  He proffered it to me.  “Here you are.  Go on.  Have a whack.”
I thought of Holmes all of that night and the next day.  I missed him fiercely; every fibre of me wanted to be near to him.  I almost sent a telegram, but did not wish to pester, so I sat behind my desk and doodled daydreams on my pad.
But Mrs. Hudson at our door, then.  I wondered how we might have carried on with no disturbance, being intimate so suddenly, with misery as catalyst.  Holmes had a letter – oh, his face lit up! – and he snatched it rather rudely, and I felt compelled to garble an apology on his behalf.  Our landlady was courteous, retreating with a nod and further promises of dinner at eight sharp.  I turned to Holmes and saw his face close to the envelope, but why, whatever for?  What was he doing?  Now, even stranger, he was peeling back the stamp, and then holding the whole thing aloft against the winter light that trickled in from our bay window.
“Thank you, John.  You always know exactly what I need.”
“May I ask as to why you display the skull upon a shelf inside your bedroom, if its presence disturbs you to such a degree?”
keep their hands off each other. The last time John had this much sex, he was twenty two, fresh out of boot camp and overflowing with testosterone. Then, it was anyone. Everyone.
“Leave a mark. You can. I want you to. God, you’re so fucking gorgeous. You have no idea what you look like right now.” John drags a finger over those puffy lips, and they’re burning hot. Hot from John’s teeth sinking into them, from his tongue lapping at them.
"I've never said that to anyone before." Sherlock finally says in a hush.
John huffed and clutched at Sherlock’s hip, pushed his arse back into Sherlock’s now fully erect prick. “Christ, are you still thinking about travel plans?”
"God, yes." Sherlock set the glass on the table before he dropped it, his hands were shaking so badly. He stepped forward and ran his hands down John's bare chest, his face scalding hot, breathing through his mouth. He was nothing but desire, shivering pulses of arousal coursing through him, weak with it. He wanted John on top of him, inside him, hands tight around his wrists, that soft wool brushing over his stomach with every thrust of John's cock.
John lands the first smack over Sherlock's left nipple, the second at the soft skin above his hip. Sherlock grabs at the headboard with his fingers and John is rapt, watching as the tears resume, rolling hot down Sherlock's temples and into his hair. He slaps him again and again until Sherlock's front is as reddened as his back. Until Sherlock's sobbing softly with his eyes shut and his mouth trembling. Until John's own stinging hand and aching arm evidence how long he's been at this.
Ella sat back and pursed her mouth. "Another two years, John. We seem to have a pattern going here."
“Good. There’s coffee and cold ham on the table, if you’re hungry.” He shook his paper, obstinately ignoring my advances, which he knew drove me completely round the twist.
“I know.” Sherlock licked around the base of John’s now fully hard cock, pressing his tongue hard into the velvety smooth skin, and rubbed the end of his nose against it, inhaling the sleep sour musk. Delightful. He pushed John’s bollocks up against his body, kneading slowly, and John jerked hard, reached the hand not in Sherlock’s hair down to thread his fingers through Sherlock’s between his legs. He squeezed, tightening their entwined fingers around his bollocks, and let out a long
This kid’s going to get eaten alive out here, unless there's more to him than Sherlock can see right now. Sherlock takes the bottle and sucks half of it down in one pull. Sugar. Caffeine. At least it’s something.
“My dirty little lassie.” John murmured, and Sherlock could hear the smile in his voice.
Until he heard his voice.
“Hey you.”
This is brutal, and beautiful. He's being
"I'm not trying to be seductive, John. Get your laptop." Sherlock couldn't help pushing his head back into John's touch. He very nearly growled contentedly, a welcome warmth spreading all through his head and neck. His scalp was one of his most sensitive spots, of which John was well aware.
"You are driving me mad, my boy, absolutely mad," John whispered, in tones both gruff and desperate.
Sherlock absolutely can't stop watching him.
Even in the middle of their urgency, the air between them throbbing with want, Sherlock smiles softly, his cheeks going round and dimpled, eyes half closed, and runs his hands over John's trembling stomach, his ribs, slow and lingering over his nipples, and murmurs, "You.
"Yes, I'm sure. I'm great. Just. Taking in all in." Rain was pouring frigid down inside the collar of his coat, icy on the back of his neck. Like a cold shower, waking him up.
The man looked disappointed, but didn’t argue. He pulled his clothes back on and picked up the filthy rucksack that John had made him leave on the floor, far away from any of John’s belongings. “Well, cutie, you know where to find me. I’m up for round two whenever.”
"Yes, I'm aware you've been labouring under the illusion that I'm a virgin for nearly the entire time we've known each other. Mycroft is not always a wholly accurate source of information about me, you realise?"
John shook his head, gnawing on the inside of his cheek. “I don’t know, Sherlock. I don’t think it’s going to be that simple.”
The next morning John’s sore and and stiff, everything aching, his eyelids feeling much more like sandpaper than skin. He wakes up late, nearly noon, and Sherlock's gone. He checks his phone and there's a text,
“Well get the fuck in, don’t just stand there like a twat.” John had no patience for sitting here being gawked at by these chavvy hookers.
Sherlock glances up at John’s scarlet blushed face, at his pulse thrumming visibly in his neck, and nearly flinches at the ferocious desire in John’s eyes. No one has
By the time they’ve come full circle and ended up at the foot of the wide stone stairs that lead into the entrance hall, Sherlock knows that John’s gifted at Potions and terrible at Arithmancy, that he and Rose used to take baths together when they were infants, that he can’t stand pumpkin juice but could drink butterbeer until he pops, and that he’s a night owl, like Sherlock.
much more than I needed to eat, sweetheart.”
Sherlock nods, and sets down the jar he's been filling. He threads his sticky fingers through John's. "Yes. Yes, this is home."
“Sherlock.” John shuts his eyes, tries to gather his scattered thoughts.
Sherlock shuts his eyes, rubs his hand in a slow circle against the crown of John’s head, musses his hair. His face is
"You have absolutely
Instead, John starts to laugh. Sherlock smiles, because John’s laugh is absolutely infectious and it’s impossible to not smile from ear to ear, but he has no idea what’s happening.
Sherlock tries to conjure up the necessary anger to fight back, but panic is weighing him down. His limbs feel like custard, thick and impossible to move properly. He lets himself sag into the seat. He’s been here before. Just get it over with, let it happen, and then he can go and forget about. Score.
Sherlock grins back, full to bursting with complicated undefinable emotions, and follows John back out into the crowded club. He finds an empty spot at the back wall, where he can watch John as he goes behind the bar and retrieves the shot tray, returns to the dance floor. John’s eyes find his many times through the rest of the night, connected to each other as surely as if they’re physically touching. Sherlock’s the last person there, the stragglers filing out through the front door as the lights come up and the servers begin clearing tables and sweeping discarded napkins and broken glass into piles.
Sherlock sneers at the back of James’ head as it disappears around a corner into the station, and checks his watch. He’s got a half an hour until the Hogwarts Express even arrives at Platform 9 and ¾. Enough time for a coffee and a cigarette. There’s a Costa right in front of him. Perfect.
"Sherlock Holmes. Was last night about teaching me a
Sherlock slithers down, nuzzling his way down John's torso, sliding his hands down over his ribs and belly, nudges his nose into the soft blonde curls trailing down from John’s navel, breathing in the smell of him. He darts his tongue out, tasting salt and musk, and John shivers violently.
Was the whole fucking world out to torment him? It felt that way, god it did.
Sherlock’s hand is still on his face. He tugs a little, and John acquiesces, sinking forward fractionally. John’s spent
, anyway. It’s fun, you’ll see.”
"You want me to get a bee tattooed on my arse."
It's only that some piece of John belongs to her instead of to Sherlock, and that is unbearable.
, Sherlock, oh.”
“Of course I am - you just fingered me for ten minutes and had your tongue up my arse. If I wasn’t hard again, I’d be a bit concerned, frankly,” John snickers as he pulls Sherlock’s jeans down to his mid thigh and leans back, bending his legs up to hook the heels of his boots on the edge of the counter, spreading himself out for Sherlock. He picks the lip gloss up from the counter with a wink and squeezes a generous amount into his palm, then reaches between them and gives Sherlock’s cock a long wet pull, twisting his wrist at the tip in a way that makes Sherlock’s entire body convulse.
Here, in this suspended moment, it's silence. They’re in their tomb. He's going to die. Sherlock's going to die. Together. At least they’ll have that.
He couldn’t wait to get to Fargo.
John swiveled suddenly in Sherlock’s arms, brushing his nose up against his cold throat. “Well, come on then, gorgeous. Race you.”
He tells himself that he does every night, as he whispers
John is everything beautiful in the world. That's just a fundamental truth.
Sherlock laughs, genuine and loudly. The sound of it breaks some of the odd tension that had been between them. One dark eyebrow ticks up. “I wouldn’t hold out any hope of that, John.”
Sherlock's beyond caring. He looks John up and down, and turns on his heel, crosses the kitchen. "What are you going to do? Hit me? Go ahead. You want to, I can tell."
"Oh, Christ. Fuck, yeah, just like that. That's perfect, love." John's right leg curled up over Sherlock's shoulder and the kilt fabric fell over the side of Sherlock's face, silky and hot against his ear and the side of his mouth. John reached down and rubbed it against Sherlock's cheek until he was moaning around John's cock, saliva running in rivulets over his fingers. "You highland -
“You are.” John rubs his face back and forth against Sherlock’s belly, the ghost of soft morning stubble scratching pleasantly. He begins to kiss down lower, runs his hands flat against the outside of Sherlock’s thighs. “You’re mine. I’m yours. Start acting like it. You’re not alone, Sherlock, goddammit.”
Jim’s mood turns on a dime, as it so often does. A vicious sneer crosses his face as his looks from John to Sherlock. “I
"It's just. You know." A flood of shame washes through him, but John catches his face and hold it, kisses him hard.
.” Sherlock says, meaning it in every way John could possibly interpret it. He touches John’s mouth with two fingers, draws them back and forth over his bottom lip. "Are you still angry?"
John pushes his finger in up to the knuckle and moans, bends forward to kiss Sherlock’s stomach and rub his other hand up and down Sherlock’s side. “God, I love you.”
His hand flew to cover his mouth as his chest heaved. All he could hear was the crunch of his shoes grinding into the broken pavement, and his own ragged breaths. The watch laid in his hand, accusatory and heavy.
He turns every moment with John over in his mind, from their fumbling hellos train to their almost-kiss last night. And there’s nothing. Not a hint. But then, if John was the capable spy Mycroft seemed to believe he was, there wouldn’t be hints, would there? He’d be adept at concealment, at misinformation, at hiding his true self.
John doesn’t seem to notice, or he doesn’t care. His smile broadens as he puts one hand on the neck of the broom and gracefully spins it, pointing it back toward the pitch. “Great. I’ll meet you after, then.”
"Please don't be impressed with me, John. I've done very little that's impressive in my life."
“Oh, god, that’s,
Sherlock broke the kiss, pulled away as John growled and dug his fingers into Sherlock’s neck to try and keep him there. His voice came out in a rasp. “
. You." John yanks on his hair again, presses his hips against Sherlock's thigh. He jerks and shudders, rocks against him again, says in a voice low and rough, "I want to fuck you."
Sherlock’s head lolls to the side, exposing the long pale column of his throat. Those thick black eyelashes flit and dance against his cheeks as his chews on his lip and sighs, looking utterly lost to the pleasure of John’s lips and tongue on his body. Little beads of perspiration dot his hairline, curls sticking to his forehead. John dips his mouth again and sucks expertly at the place that makes Sherlock shudder and cry out, grind his hips up against John’s in desperate entreaty.
The grin that splits John's face is alight with love and giddiness. "You okay?"
"No. You go find the firewood. I have a sneaking suspicion that for all it's appearances of modernity, that fireplace may be the only source of heat in this cottage. I don't see any thermostat or heating controls, do you?" Sherlock realised - now that they were standing more than a few inches apart - that they could actually see their breath in the air. It was probably less than 10 degrees inside.
want John to be upset and furious and scared.
"You are not. Don't fall asleep, John."
Sherlock's shoulders twitch and curl against John's mouth. His voice is rough when he says, "You can't kiss them away, John."
It’s a hospital room, telly perched on a high shelf in the corner, the plastic blinds pulled all the way up, spilling sunlight over the pale blue blankets covering John’s legs. He’s in hospital. Shit, what the hell happened?
The pain of getting married to someone who wasn’t Sherlock, and knowing, with every fibre of his being, how
The old woman is already in the ambulance. “My grandson’s in a bit of a bad way, you know. Come on then,
You're the only person I'll ever be with. I. Don't. Care."
Years ago, he would have insisted. Would have railed and shouted until Sherlock capitulated. He can't do that now. He understands too well how it feels to have so much pain that it's impossible to face it without breaking under the weight. The pain of thinking about what Sherlock went through might just break him, too.
Sherlock smirks at him. "Why do you think I had to eliminate it all those years? Sex is rather -- addictive. For me."
“Inside me, please, please. I want you inside me so badly, John, please,” Sherlock’s insensible now, biting at John’s lips and thrusting urgently and unevenly, no longer able to restrain himself.
The doctor is up and leaving the room. “We’ll send for you both when you can see him.”
“Mrs Hudson should be up with our tea any moment, and then straight to bed with you. We can discuss the case with Lestrade tomorrow, it’ll keep.”
. This feels right.
Sherlock doesn’t say anything else, doesn’t reciprocate, and John doesn’t ask him to. John kisses Sherlock’s fingers again, tender and lingering, and lays his hands back on the table.
. Look at me.” John shakes Sherlock’s head a very little bit, and Sherlock’s eyes snap up to meet his. “There’s my boy. Listen to me very carefully. You’re worth more to me than any case in the fucking world, and you need to understand that your worth isn’t tied to solving cases. I wouldn’t give a fuck if you never solved a case again in our lives. You understand that?”
It's freezing in the flat. The Belstaff is still crumpled on the floor where John had pushed it off of him the afternoon previous. He grabs it and slides its familiar weight over his shoulders, cracks open the window behind the desk, perches on the edge of the windowsill with his leg propped across it, and lights a cigarette.
He silently hands John a cigarette and lights it for him, looking abashed.
That much was true.
I could hardly bear how beautiful he looked, relaxed and sprawling in his chair, one elbow propped upon the arm rest, with his chin cupped in his palm, and elegant was not the word for him, but something greater, finer, more.  My fool heart yearned for him; I needed to say something, or go mad.
Mr. Talmadge slapped his great hand upon his knee in indignation, but my friend had burst into a loud guffaw that urged me to join him, and alas, we could not stop.  Our visitor glowered his disapproval until the second we were silent.
“I would have burst,” I said.  I took him in my arms.  I took his mouth.  It tasted sweet, of peat, of spirit, yet of love.  His tongue caressed mine, and we teetered, quite off-balance, 'til I pushed him back, seduced his neck with fevered, white-hot presses of my lips.
with time.”  He dabbed the cloth with a clean napkin.  “Well?”
“Ashamed,” countered Eleanor Bruce.  “
“Well, of course.  You think I'd give you up?  You've got me now, for life, if you will have me.”
“You scintillate, John,” said he.  “How on
I followed Holmes into the passage.  It was narrow, dark, and smelled of damp neglect.  It carried on for some small way in a straight fashion, then curved around and on again to a dead end.  Holmes pushed a lever, and a further door appeared.  He disappeared through this.  I craned my neck and hovered, undecided, on the threshold, peering in.  It was a small room, sparsely furnished with a sofa, chair, and desk.  There were some books piled on the floor, a tattered rug, a stack of unused cups and plates.  Set high upon one wall was a small window, dirty, curtainless, through which an errant sunbeam struggled through.  The room was thick with dust; it agitated in the air with Holmes's movements, as he turned around towards me.
“I'm going to have you,” he said then, raising his head, his mouth a lustful moue.  He dealt slickly with my buttons, drew me out, and contemplated me.  And scarcely had I come to terms, but now was in his mouth and he was sucking at me busily, and drawing the most inelegant of groans from the raw depths of me.  I clutched his hair, and dragged him taut to swallow deeper.  This he did, with muffled whines.  I thrust yet further in the maw of him; he took it all without complaint, and edged me closer, drawing back at the last instant.
So we sat, each in our separate worlds, for one hour and then the next.  The evening failed to bring Lestrade's reply, compelling us to wait a longer while, which nettled Holmes to no small degree.  He picked up books and flung them down again.  His violin was plucked, then cast aside.  He smoked three pipes and grumbled sotto voce until I had to interject.
“Then we are reliant upon a response from one of the antique shops,” I said.  “I suppose that the four friends can be discounted from the enquiry?”
I scratched my moustache.
“I see.”
And there he was!  Sat by the fireside, a pipe clenched in his teeth, and plumes of smoke, and goodness me, I was so happy he was there I all but bustled Mrs. Hudson to one side.
“Holmes,” I called out, then – for he had sprung ahead twelve paces, eager for I don't know what – “Holmes?”
“Has he made contact, Mr. Holmes?”
“Pish posh,” said he.  “You're thirty now.  What are you waiting for?  The Queen?”
“You wouldn't like me in pigtails, I'm sure,” I replied.  “Holmes, you are being ridiculous.”
Stamford looked at me, all sympathy.  “Well, once you've had a whisky soda, you'll feel better,” he replied.  “But why not tell me all about it, if it helps?”
“Holmes.” I said.
“I shan't.”
“I deduce that a pale linen suit was perhaps not the best choice for a Spring walk through the country,” I said.
I heard a clatter from the sitting-room – so Holmes was up betimes, most likely at the breakfast table, nonchalant and sipping coffee, and I simply
noise that I think we need to worry about tonight,” said he.
We took the downstairs rooms to task: the cabinets and cupboards and the mantels, where odd envelopes and documents might lurk.  Pencilled shopping lists,
A bearded gentleman passed by the open doorway, sharing some luggage with the footman.  At some distance we heard scolding, still, and then at last a peace that echoed oddly through the room.
I shook my head, not wishing to engage in pointless arguments.  “I thought you'd like to know of Mrs. Hudson,” I said tactfully.  “The lady is much better.  One more day in bed should do it.”
The atmosphere around the dining table was quite curious.  Newton Cooper shot frequent glances at Joel Dooley, who was oblivious, so wrapped up in his chat with Merrill Adams, who in his turn was gazing puzzled at Miss Alice, who was frowning at her brother, and – oh, good gracious, now Eva Worthington had left her chair to whisper to Miss Alice, who was nodding, and....
“I don't care,” said my friend, with a shake of his head.  He extended a finger towards one of the boxes, and stroked at the green velvet wadding within.  “Why green?” he mused aloud.  “And in such a vibrant shade?  I have to say, it is unusual.”
“It's just gone seven.”
He swung his head to the other faces in the room: the elder lady and myself, Victor and Gregson, all of whom were gazing at him most expectantly.
Whatever for?”  My friend shook his head in disbelief.  “I did a little; but not all.  I cleared the papers from the lumber room, at least.”  His eyes affixed on me quite strangely.  “Did you sort through them properly, John, when we first moved here?”
“On your side, not on his,” said Holmes.  He paused a second.  “As I told you.”
Holmes bounded off the bed.  “If you dare try to tickle me, I swear that I will --”
I rallied, finally.  On the seventh day I took a bath and shaved, and dressed myself and went downstairs to face the morning and my friend, should he not be
I held it up and read:
“My dear fellow,” said he, “I am most terribly sorry.”
“All right.”
“And so what do you deduce of me, John?”
The door clicked shut behind us.
He set down his cup and looked around – the room remained empty and discreet – and then leaned forward until my friend and he were almost nose-to-nose.
“Well done... on the... thing,” he said.
“When you take a wife, she'll like it too, I have no doubt of that,” I said.  (I was probing now, of course, in devilment.)
I looked at him, into that pale, clear face, and I sensed light, if light were dawning, and the terror of it struck me like a blade.  “You would not want to know,” I said.
A soft tap at my door.
We stared hard at each other.
I swept his jacket to one side and battled with the silver link.  It proved reluctant to relinquish the strong grip upon his cuff.  I managed it at last and began to tug at the material.
“You still have Parrow on your brain,” said he.  “I know that look of yours.  You want me to come with you, yes? – to wherever you are going?”
Victor looked up.  “I was so hoping that you would say that,” he said, smiling.  “Thank you so much.”
“Then why are we here?” I demanded.
“I've built too many walls around me,” he replied.  “It's how I am.”
“That is, if they can get past your hair,” Holmes continued.  He giggled.  “See, you've proven useful after all.  You're cheaper than fly paper.  Now just stand in that spot for the rest of the day.”
“Oh god,” I said.
We turned onto our sides, facing each other.  Holmes's eyes were warm and gentle, scrutinising.  I closed my own, and breathed him in.  The scent of soap, still, and cologne.  I filled my lungs with him; imagined he was in my arms and wanting.  I felt a touch upon my cheek; opened my eyes to find his hand there, softly stroking with his thumb.  My own laid anchor on his hip; I felt the jut of bone, the leanness through the cloth.  We inched together, 'til our noses were just touching.
to go!  The park had lost its flavour for the moment.  “Baker Street,” I said.  “Unless you would prefer to walk a little longer?”
“Oh, well, you know.  We both take turns.  You make a statement.  A deduction.  If it's true, I take a sip of this fine whisky.  If it's false, then it's my turn.  I make a statement.  And etcetera.”
“What was what, Holmes?”
He shook his head.
Holmes placed the two phials side by side, and sat down to consider.  “There should be a letter, or a telegram.  Why the secrecy?  John, this is irksome.  Unless...” And here my friend paused.  “Unless...”
“If it
“You have a letter, Doctor,” she exhaled.  She set down the tray upon the table, where the cups and saucers clattered, and the spoons raised up a jangle, and the sugar bowl nudged elbows with the coffee pot.
Sherlock Holmes tells me, no.  I am inclined to agree.
I looked at him.  “Well, no.”
“I am writing a monograph,” said he, “upon the art of tracing footsteps.”  He peered down into the street.  “It is about the only time when muddy weather is of much use.  In all other situations it is a curse and a nuisance.”
“It was Dr. Watson this, and Dr. Watson that.  How you tried to put him in his place!”  The lady laughed, and tugged her chin.  “I think you've thrown him for a loop.”
“I respect you.  I admire you.  And
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
.  Can't you see that I have work to do?  I have notes to write up.  I can't do any of that if you're manhandling me.”
“I think the waiters would object if you were in my lap again,” I said.  “The flowers would go flying, and the wine would all be spilled.”
,” said he, a scowl upon his face.
An overnight bag does not take very long, even when packing for two.  I tucked in the last of our needs and I fastened the clasp.  I turned to my friend, who by some usual miracle had produced Bradshaw from out of thin air and was perusing it closely.  He looked up from his squint.
“Holmes!” I interjected, appalled.  “Did you do all of those things?”
“Indeed not,” I said, my hackles on the rise.  “But I was dining with your brother late last evening, and I had had a tiring day, and...”  I tailed off.  I extended my right hand.  “I am pleased to meet you, Mr. Holmes.”
“Yes.  I am tired.  I shall see you at breakfast?”
me.  His success rate has improved a hundredfold since I've been helping him.  And precious little credit do I get for it, but never mind, that's really of no import.”
, and to present a cup of tea.  I listened to the clatter of the typewriter; of a murmured conversation with our housekeeper, and the clicking of the boot heels as they tidied, swept and bustled round the house.
The morning: most unwelcome.  We gazed bleary-eyed upon it, bade it go away; it stayed, alas, to thumb its nose and laugh.
“We should have moved in the summer,” Holmes said, gazing out at the view.  “Whatever were we thinking?”
And his companion came into view at last, hesitating on the threshold.
And so, if you should find yourself down Baker Street one day, do please look up at every interval.  There is never any telling when a lace doily may make its way towards the ground from the bay window of an upper floor apartment.  Mrs. Hudson never knows quite where they go, and keeps replacing them, and to this day we have not the courage to confess to her.
“Holmes,” I began, but he had skittered to the dresser and was picking out a tie.  Ignoring me!  Oh, two could play at that game.
Holmes eyed me sideways, an odd expression on his face that I found puzzling.  “Some things are better left unsaid regardless,” he replied.  He shook his head as I began to speak.  “Now Watson, I appreciate your...
“Well done, Watson,” he said dryly.  “You truly scintillate.”  He took a long pull from his cigarette.  “His name is
“Oh!  The suicide!”
“Yes, it is, and I'll be damned,” said he.
“Thank you,” he said.
Two raps upon our door, and Mrs. Hudson's head poked in.
“John, upon my word,” said he, “this has been the most curious day.”
I chuckled.  “I am a practical fellow.  I have not tried meditation, and I have little idea as to how one might attempt to 'heal' with a crystal.  But
“You are angry with me,” said Holmes.  A muffled observation.
A handful of each other, and my teeth upon his neck.  His hips to mine, through cloth, it made no matter, as we wrestled on the bed.  Endearments whispered in the other's ear; teasing a moan, a sense of urgency, and hands, caressing, pulling, hot and feverish, the taste of his saliva, and the scent of his damp skin.
“The village will have nothing to tell us,” said he, in his mysterious way.  He pulled away and moved to the pine washstand.
“And you're still dressed,” said he.
“Mr. Sloan, please don't be noisy,” said Sherlock Holmes.  “You're dripping water on the carpet, more's the pity.”
“Thank you,” he said again.
“John, you surely know me well enough to realise that I never guess; it is a shocking habit.  Where are these facts that point to murder?  You must see that there are none.  Let us go over what we have learned from Victor's letter, then, at least.
I have stroked him half erect by now.  His own dreams must be pleasant, for he is keening (very quietly), straining his beak against my palm.
Holmes nodded.  He seemed impatient for the data to be relevant.
He curled his legs to the plush and wrapped his arms tight around.
I had to pause from buttoning my waistcoat, so amused by that idea that I set down next to that fellow, and placed a kiss against his clavicle.  “I love you.  You are ridiculous.”
“How are you feeling?” I enquired.
Langdale Pike poured himself a fresh cup of the vile tea.  He swallowed a third of it, and smacked his lips with some relish.
could write the thingummy-scripty-things,” my friend said, looking up.  “That way, you'd get it right and you wouldn't make anyone angry.”
asked the ache.)
I watched him take his pencil and recommence writing in his notebook.
“Well, then, I'm glad.  I love you too.  It's such a nuisance.”
“Holmes!” I called out.  “Holmes, are you all right in there?”
“Neither do I.  We'll work it out.”
Then, curious, I watched him as his lip twitched, frowned and set.
My fingers strayed to run the mound and smooth along the gluteal fold.  So much warmth, and ripe to take a bite – which I so often liked to do – but now... such a contortion was too cumbrous.  And, why even, when my fingers could enjoy it just as well.
“Good morning, Watson,” he said, smiling, as we reached his side.  “You're lucky that you caught me.  I was stepping out.”
.”  He jabbed at my ribs.
“Will it do?”
My friend left me outside at the Bizarre, and was in and out within three minutes.  He clapped a hand upon my shoulder.
The sea, the gulls, our own quiet breathing.
“A Mr. Sherlock Holmes, sir.  But it's not for an appointment.  What should I say to him?”
“What shall we do?” he whispered, soft.
I watched his face contort.  “I am reliant – how shall I put it? – on his patience and
“Watson,” said my friend, “I... did a thing.”
“Yes?” I said.
“I understand,” I said.  “So you do like Christmas cards, and Christmas, after all?”
“You can tell her this yourself, Holmes,” I said, pointing.  “Here she comes.”
My eyes flicked open, set upon him.  “Today, or now?” I asked, feeling a subtle stirring at my groin.
“What happened?” I insisted.
He joined me, having first scanned all about him, fearing other hikers in the vicinity, I supposed.  But there were none; we were alone here for the moment.  I felt his arm around my waist, his other hand ruffling my hair, tugging just lightly.  He lowered his mouth to mine; we kissed.
- END -
“About Pike's advance?  I forgot, and I am sorry for that now.  It might have solved the mystery sooner.  Green velvet!  Hah!”  Holmes burrowed down beneath the covers.  “Come here and warm me up.  I'm cold.  And, we could, hmm, you know.”
“Tomorrow.  Soon,” was his reply.  We made arrangements.
“It might be fun?”
“Now Watson, tell me, have you ever been in love?”
“I am a busy woman,” she said sullenly, her hands tangled in her apron.  “I am packing some of my boxes and making my arrangements.  The house is not mine.  I cannot remain here for very much longer.”
We joined the fellow in his cups.
“My forehead is quite high.  My chin is sharp.  I am too lean.”
“No,” said he, “it is more than that, and something unexpected.  Watson, you asked me a moment ago if I had reconsidered Talmadge's problem.”
“I'm making it the done thing.  And I'm quite happy to be mad.”  I swept him up, the flowers and the chocolates asunder, and I kissed him quite as feelingly, and held him quite as closely, as it was possible to do.
He pulled a face.
“It is... also green,” I said, eyes boggling.
“I don't rightly know, sir.  He was a private gentleman.  I didn't ask.”
My earlier faux pas now quite forgotten – so it seemed – I watched him with amusement as he rummaged in his drawer for a clean shirt.
“But she has to be here early in the morning, and the evening, to cook our meals and do the cleaning.  And John, she has to--”
“I have brandy
“I have a spare bed in my room,” I interjected, all a flutter.  “Mr. Holmes is very welcome...?”
“No, I would not.”
“Oh, it was murder.  Attempted blackmail on his part; the would-be victim was of sterner stuff than Ramsey gave them credit for.  I have political connections... as I believe I may have mentioned.  I was informed that our MP had played that game before, so he might supplement his gambling addiction.”
“So, I repeat: you have another.”
To his deep credit, my friend smiled.  “Not half as indiscreet as your chum Everett,” he said.  “He was a sprightly correspondent.”  Then, quite serious:  “It was unpardonable of me to read his letters.  You must forgive me.  I have really no excuse for that effrontery.”
“I--” he began.  He shuffled forwards, still wide-eyed and knee-bound, towards Sherlock Holmes, as if Holmes were some form of deity.  “I-- !”
“A warning?”
Tired, self-defeated, I rose from my chair and reached for my book.  I intended to retire to my room for a while.  I could not think what to say, so resolved to say nothing.
“I don't suppose you would,” replied Holmes.  “And yet Victor is so kind as to indulge me.”
“Is Oaks still here?” my friend enquired.  “I meant to ask about the ladder to the attic.”  His arm released me, and he rolled up both his shirt-sleeves, and unfastened the top two buttons of his shirt.  “It's warm,” he said, by dint of any explanation.
“Holmes!” I said, “this is... what
Holmes tutted in admonishment.  “Well, any fool can see the ink is black, and any imbecile could tell you that the stamp is crooked.”
“For goodness sake,” said Mr. Holmes.  He stuffed the paper in his pocket.  He regarded me more closely then.  “I wish we still had Dr. Doyle.”
“Dispose of them,” said Holmes, his voice now steel as the terror dissipated.
He nodded mutely, sullenly.  He looked sharply to the door then, alarmed, I suppose, that the lady herself may have been standing there and fuming, having overheard his taunt.
“The last three months before I moved to Baker Street, I lived with Mycroft,” said my friend.  He curled his lip.  “It was a necessary evil.  I was thrown out of Montague Street, as I mentioned to you earlier.  There had been something of a scandal.”  And he paused, and took a breath.  “The landlady claimed
Victor threw his hands into the air, very nearly losing all of the liquid in his tumbler.
“So, what's he like?” my roguish friend asked with a wink.
The dandy wriggled in distress.  “
“I do,” said he.  “I'm trying to forget them.”
------------------------------------
For where once there was decay, far too many years of neglect, now sprung fresh and renewed, clipped, pruned and planted.  Lavish borders, paths and hedges, fulsome flower beds and curios.  The moss-ridden fountain had been scrubbed and repaired, to reveal stone cherubs, lurching lions, both magnificent and elegant.
– I was on speaking terms with your carpet.  I am truly very sorry.”
“Do stop saying that.  It's tiresome.”  He sighed.  “I've known Miss Alice since my childhood.  She was seeking my advice on some small matter, that is all.”  Holmes lit a cigarette, and offered me the case.  “So, then, you want to prig.”  Tilting his head, he blew a coiling wreath of smoke.  He raised an eyebrow.
“Mycroft engineered our room-share,” my friend replied.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“Signed by a woman, or a man?” I was intrigued.
“I do.  I admit it.  But damn you.”
“What?” I said, confused.  “What, what?”
The question confused him.  He scratched at his head with his unfettered extremity.  “It doesn't hurt,” he said.  “It just felt bad.  That round white thing.”  The recollection made him shudder.
I allowed myself to dream, due to his very clear aversion to the fairer sex.  A chivalrous opponent all the same, but he distrusted womankind, and deemed their motives fair inscrutable.
“That is tiresome.”
part of their wager,” I said, frantic and distraught.
“It is a confidential matter,” Lestrade began, with some asperity.  He looked at us, one to the other, saw our expressions, which for myself was fairly grey.  “Here, now, whatever is it?  Is he involved in something 'off'?”
“I see.”
awful.  But, Watson, that is quite beside the point.  We need to go back to see Dawkins.  My, my, this is turning into a carousel.”
“It's of no
“You're not making the slightest bit of sense,” I informed him.  “Come over here and have breakfast.”
“John,” said Holmes.  “
,” Victor persisted.
“I should much like to hear your own side of the matter,” said Holmes in conclusion.  He looked to the man with the curious name.  “If you are quite recovered.”
Holmes shook his head.  “The man is a fool.  As I seem to recall, you once called him
“To my new life.  To life with... you,” I pointed at him, and he raised his eyebrows high into his head.  “It all takes time,” I said, into my wine.
“The what?  But it's not Easter!”
My friend continued with his pencil work.  I plied him with a sandwich and a piping cup of tea, which he accepted.  I craned over his shoulder at his scribble, and saw a long list of addresses of the local antique shops.
His hands were in my hair, his lips were pressed to mine.  They were the softest lips I'd ever touched, as smooth, as plump as 'mallow; and I crushed my own to his as though I were a drowning man.  We clung and wrestled with each other, hands now roving and caressing, with his left upon my backside, and my right upon his thigh, it seemed quite needful that we move or separate.
“Mr. Holmes!  Dr. Watson,” said he, sounding surprised.  “It is only two days since we last saw one another.  Do you bring any news?”
“I've orders not to let you through,” said she, wringing her hands, upset.  “Oh, doctor, I'm so sorry, but I really can't.”
Holmes was silent as he ate around his steak and kidney pie.  He would not take encouragement for a slice of poppy seed cake, and he did not sit for coffee.  With a grunt, he disappeared into his room, and – I supposed – recommenced work on his 'thing'.
And we remained silent on our bench, each lost and dreaming in our private worlds.
“I observed, and I deduced,” said Holmes.  “Miss Alice was in turmoil with her brother, and so I kept a weather eye out, so to speak.”
“I think I love you,” I said honestly.
He might have even meant it, for he retracted, sat up straight, and smiled my way.
Mrs. Barker wiped her eyes and shook her head.
I remembered the gentleman now.  I stared at my friend.
“The killer must have taken it with him.  We found nothing here to match the wounds.  The weapon used was a large one with a thin and broad blade.”
The younger fellow released a sharp howl of despair.  He leaped forward as if to launch an unarmed attack – and I steeled myself to defend my friend if it were so – but at the last, the brute fell back and sank down by the lady's side.
His hand shot out and tapped at my left knuckle.  “So, now tell me.”
“Watson,” said he, “if you
The next morning, being Saturday, we set off for Pall Mall.  Holmes had been quiet the previous evening, retiring to bed at ten o'clock.  It had seemed to me a meditative silence, and so I joined him in his whimsy, staunching my babble and my questions.  And now with the spring air upon us, the sun bright in the sky, I felt my spirits rise once more.
He made a gesture by his head.  “It moves too fast, I can't keep up with it.  You don't know what it's like.”
“And I am glad of that.”
“I'd like to see that,” I continued, resolute in my own madness.
“And?”
I left him standing there.  I descended to the hallway in the strangest funk, which held until I regained Upper Wimpole Street and sanity.  The day continued much the same as any other day.  I sent a telegram to Stamford, and received one in return.  The time dragged on until the later afternoon, when I retired to my rooms.  I dined alone, a simple meal of baked vegetables with cheese, and once the dishes had been cleared away I sat in rumination.  The doorbell rang at seven-thirty, and friend Stamford's face appeared, and I was very glad to see him.
“Watson, I am exceedingly sorry, I am rueful and ever so--”
But the neither of us moved.
“I think too much, you know that,” said my friend, twisting his head around to peep and smile at me.  “I shouldn't want us to ever be parted.”
“You're eating well at last.  I think retirement suits you,” I replied.
“Damn Lestrade, and damn it all,” said he, rather more loudly than might be discreet.  “How can he say there are no cases on, when his wretched office is a paper mill?  Ugh.
I nudged his ribs, lest the maid return without our hearing.
“You have an attitude,” I said.  I stretched beside him, so now mirroring our pose from hours earlier.
“That's to his detriment,” I said.  I winked.  “How are you feeling, Mrs. Hudson?”
Holmes was in, thank all the heavens, and he greeted me quite civilly.  He seemed perplexed, perhaps, that I was visiting so early, still he invited me to breakfast.  We sat with bacon, ham and eggs, and a hot coffee pot, and spent some minutes talking over the conclusion of the Ramsey case (the wife of an MP upon the 'other side' was culprit, and the trial would be held shortly).
“I thought you wanted to play
a jumped-up 'scallion.”  He sighed.  “But lord, you know, I liked that.  I think that's why I was so blunt with you.”
“How very dreadful.”
And then, the brooch gift-wrapped, the ribbon curled, the tag attached, I turned my chair around.  Holmes was pacing, his hands behind him, his head bowed down.  It appeared he was replaying in his mind our earlier interview with Dawkins.
“Yeah. We should try to get a shower today. The ones at Paddington Station are only 20p.”
Pink Hair holds his hands up in deference and turns quickly away, tossing over his shoulder, "Sorry, love. No harm meant."
"I mean it. You're breathtaking."
“Baby, does it hurt?” John wasn’t sure whether he wanted Sherlock to say yes or no. All he knew was he was clinging to some vestige of control, his skin shivering with desire, and he could barely contain the need to run his tongue along the edge of that cut, feel Sherlock’s skin split open in his mouth.
"But I really, very much, rather desperately, want you to fuck me now."
, John.” He huffs a laugh into John’s half open mouth. Stale breath, the traces of a secret cigarette after John fell asleep, lingering sweetness of red wine gone sour overnight.
Sherlock's heart was thumping out of his chest, his whole body trembling as John eased him out of his dressing gown and pushed his shirt up. John leaned over and nuzzled against his bare stomach, lapping at his skin with a hot tongue. His cock jumped, and he fought the animalistic need to touch himself, instead throwing his arms over his head and clutching at the edges of the comforter, the white cotton stretching taut between his sweaty hands. "Oh, John."
John moves the ring of his fingers in counterpoint to his mouth, and Sherlock jerks forward with a gasp. John slides his hand around to squeeze at Sherlock’s arse, run his hand down his thigh, and feel his muscles gone all tense and trembling. He pulls off, and Sherlock whines in protest. “I’m not going to stop. Just, it’s okay if you. If you want to come, like this, it’s fine, it’s good.”
"I thought you quit." Sherlock murmurs, watching John's mouth as he exhales.
"You're sure?" Sherlock stepped forward hesitantly, took John's elbow. Strong fingers encircled the bone, and John pulled himself gently out of Sherlock's grasp, slipped his hand down his arm and took his hand instead.
heard that sentiment returned. Any ordinary person, anyway. Of course, Sherlock’s never been ordinary. “It just seems like you go out of your way to not say it.”
He turns to where Sherlock is licking biscuit crumbs from his fingers like a five year old. Affection surges through and around him, affection so profound that it physically aches. This man whose IQ is unmeasurable, who wears £1000 suits and spends hours making sure his hair looks perfect - he is also the man who scrounges round the flat in dirty dressing gowns and twenty year old pyjamas, who curls like a cat between John’s legs just so John will pet his hair and call him baby, and who is currently licking melted chocolate off his thumb.
“I like it kinda rough, yeah,” John whispers, and rolls his hips against Sherlock’s, a slow tidal movement, his entire body undulating and curving around Sherlock, enveloping him. “But I don’t want to hurt you. What do
"Oh, fuck, baby, come on."
Sherlock fell silent. John was vibrating with barely controlled rage suddenly, and Sherlock had absolutely no idea why. Terrified to set him off, he crossed to the windows, creaked them open. He heard the click of a lighter behind him, and turned to see John with a cigarette dangling between his lips, eyes closed, taking a long drag. John had never smoked. John hated smoking.
“No?”
Sherlock smiles his winningest smile and ruffles his hair. Her face softens slightly.
Sherlock laughs and chokes a little, smoke puffing out of his nose. "No."
“You sure?”
John sleeping was something Sherlock never tired of witnessing. His furrowed brow smoothed, his soft pink lips always just slightly parted, his face in slumber was always untroubled. He was a bit of a thrasher, always waking up in the oddest positions, far from how he went to sleep. Many mornings, he had awoken to John’s squarish slender feet on his pillow instead of his head, or John half on his back with his head resting in Sherlock’s armpit and one arm thrown backward across Sherlock’s belly.
“Same direction. A bit north of the village itself. Shall we go there today? Maybe a nine kilometre walk.” John brushed toast crumbs from his jeans and wrapped his hands around his coffee mug.
“Saliva. Just saliva. No lube.” Sherlock mouthed against his back. “It’s going to hurt a bit.”
“It suits you very well,” I said.
“Watson,” said he, “I cannot allow you to undress me.”
.  I have no idea what I did to it.”
What a frustrating man.
Holmes looked at me in horror.
was a small bay-fronted restaurant, not far away.  A board outside the front displayed the 'Special' of the day, a roast beef platter, and inside, a quiet bustle, starched white tablecloths and polished wood, and booths adorned with vines, and smiling waiters who did welcome us and guide us to our place.  We took our seats inside a booth quite far away from everyone.  Holmes ordered wine; we watched the world outside for barely a small fraction, then:
He smiled, a secretive expression on his face.  “It's a surprise.”
The rug had been replaced, as had the lampshade.  There were clean curtains at the windows, and the door-knobs shone as new.  I observed that Mrs. Hudson had placed some decorative plain covers on the sideboard and the tables: intricately woven white lace doilies.  On these, I passed no comment; I moved to my chair to sit and smoke my before-breakfast pipe.  The acrid aroma of the
“I had always wondered,” he replied.  “But, John, you know me, and how...
That same afternoon while Holmes had worked on his lists, I had ventured out from our rooms to pay a visit to Bradley's.  I was gone a short while, and upon my return found my friend with his hat and his coat at the ready.  A small bundle of telegraph forms in his hand, he declared his intention to send them at once.
“Then will you tell me if I'm right?”
“Well, you might close the door at least,” I said.
mother,” he amended.  “I never harmed her, Mr. Holmes!”
“I wish you'd trust me,” I said sadly.
“Good afternoon, my gentlemen,” the vision said.  It grimaced in a close approximation of a smile.  “My name is Mrs. Oaks.”
“But!”
“Well, no.  Thank
“At last, I have you!” I exclaimed, but dimly aware of my own melodrama.
I promised that it would not, and escaped back down the stairs, somewhat perplexed by the event.  I stepped outside to take the air, and to look up at the house.  I wondered what might happen to it now Talmadge was dead.  Idly, I gazed up at the drainpipe.  I looked closer.  And closer again.  I returned inside the house.
are dreadful,” I said, smiling all the same.  (I could not help it.)
We stooped to pet the animal, to calm its mania.  (I have always been fond of dogs, owning one – a jolly mongrel (we named him Teddy) – as a boy.  My university studies and subsequent army career had precluded my owning another.  Impractical now, too, as then.)
Holmes rolled his eyes.  “Who did I speak of, only yesterday?”
he know?  What ever was the evidence?”
I remained upon my bench for a spell longer, much fascinated by the fellow, wishing to see if he might pass by once again for further scrutiny.  Alas, but he did not.  The sun, too, ducked behind a bank of cloud.  I stood with a slight shiver, took up my purchases, and headed home.
,” he hissed.
A pause.  I removed my jacket and my shoes, and sat beside him.  “Are you tired?”
“Oh, you soon will,” said Mr. Holmes, and laughed again.  “And has he told you of the other?”
We strained our ears to listen.  Indeed it appeared to have been the bell, for there came the familiar boot click of our landlady as she hastened down the hall.  Voices, then – a gentleman's – and at last, two sets of feet upon the stairs.  Holmes's face was bright, alert with anticipation.  He stood, hands on his hips, in the direct centre of the room, his grey eyes fixed upon the closed door of our sitting-room.
“I've heard you're leaving us,” said he.  His tone was cautious, delicate.
I supposed it was my turn, for I doubted Holmes would stand for any of this nonsense.
I realised that I was, indeed, suddenly quite ravenous.  I was touched by my friend's solicitousness.
“Come here,” I said.
“I must have at least one,” he whined.  “Did you even look properly?  Did you drop some?  Is the postman still here?  Can you ask him?”
I shook my head at this strange interlude.
The fellow grinned.  “You wouldn't be far wrong, I don't suppose.  Now, mind your elbow, Dr. Watson, don't go and lean it in the butter dish.  I've better things to do than scrub your shirt-sleeves day and night.”
“All right,” I said.  Then:  “What news of the four fellows?”
“A row?  With whom?”
“A burned note,” I said.  “Just the last couple of lines.  It is initialled.”
“Well, if you are absolutely sure,” said Victor, still doubtful.  “I am thankful that the room is clean, at least, for Jane has been working on the upper rooms all day at my request.  The sheets might need to be changed...”
Holmes rose from his crouch.
“Watson,” he said in bewilderment, “what...?”
We turned and headed back the way we'd come.  I left the pup with Mrs. Hudson, who set to spoiling him, and Holmes and I trekked upwards to the sitting-room.  We shed our coats and hats, and took the sofa, side by side.  “Mrs. Hudson will bring tea soon,” said my friend.  “She always does.”
There was the old woman, suspicious and scowling and clad head to toe in jet black.  She was carrying an old leather bag, which at first sight of us she clutched tight to her chest.
he made were glorious; so wanton of a sudden.
Our food arrived, a fine distraction from the tension we had somehow both engendered, and we ate, and drank the wine, and spoke no more until our plates had been scraped clean.
“Perhaps,” he said.  And then, with a sharp eye: “That's to my
Meanwhile, 'The Queen' sat in his chair at 221B Baker Street, smoking his pipe, and thinking who knew what about the thirty-year-old doctor in the surgery on Crawford Street.
I grunted, somewhat mollified.  “I am sorry about the crumbs,” I said.
When the invitation from Mycroft Holmes arrived on my coir doormat, I must confess I was intrigued.  We knew each other, slightly, via a mutual friend – young Adams – but goodness knows why Holmes had quite seen fit to ask me to his weekend lark.  A birthday celebration – his 35th – a long weekend, Friday to Monday, held at his sprawling Surrey country house.  I replied, of course, that oh yes, please, I would be so delighted.  I had not visited before, but knew from Adams that the pile had been inherited, and Holmes had kept it beautifully – apparently.  So as the date grew near, I found myself excited quite despite myself, for my work was slow, this time of year, and social invitations few and far between.  I purchased a new tailored suit.  I buffed my boots, prepared the best I could, and then! the day, at last, when I should take the train, approaching the festivities.
“Oh, well, I
“Well, whatever can be done?” I said, trying my best to humour him.  “Why, the empire will fall without coffee and toast.”
“Mycroft did nothing of the sort.  I'm right, of course?  I always am.”
“Good gracious me,” said Sherlock Holmes, “you didn't waste a scrap of time.”
I inhaled sharply.  “No,” I said.  “I wish I had,” I added quietly.  “My years spent in the army rather put the bosh on that.”
I nodded in great empathy.
'What shall I do, Jim?' she said to me.  'I'll lose this job, and there won't be another one.'
Was I a sad, deluded creature to have wanted him these years?
“What!”
“Well, have you heard of an odd chap who has been hovering about there...”
“Mr. Holmes!” came a bright cry, from a small table by an alcove.  “Oh, Mr. Holmes!”
“Yes, I know.”
I rubbed at my nose.  “You must give the poor woman a chance,” I replied.  “It could be she is nervous.  As for 'nips and tatties', she must mean 'turnips and potatoes'.”
He grunted in reply.
“That's nothing to be proud of,” I admonished him.  “The fellow had a knife.  You could have been more deeply wounded.”
Breakfast at eight-thirty, and the morning post at nine.
We sat in companionable silence and smoked our pipes for several minutes.  I slowly became aware of an irregularity in Holmes's demeanour.  His right arm appeared to bother him, for he rubbed at it at intervals and winced around his pipe stem.  I did my best to disregard it until the second I could not.
For a moment I was fearful he might scuttle off in fury, for his brows converged, his eyes tightened to slits.
I chuckled; shook my head.  “Not yet.”
“Shh,” I said, “I wasn't skulking.  I've just met Sherlock Holmes.  I, er, um...”  I shot a glance at Joel Dooley, who smiled benevolently back.
“Dreams?”
“Upstairs,” I said.  I was whetted, flushed, and keening.
.  You know my methods.”
(The previous week, when in pursuit of a low ruffian close by the Thames, my friend had gashed his leg upon a razor-shard of metal halfway protruding from a dockside wall.  Upon reaching home at last (the criminal safely apprehended) and with my having cleaned the wound, I found it needing ten neat stitches, which I performed while he complained at volume and hissed between his teeth.)
Whereupon the esoteric Mr. Sloan sprang from his seat, and commenced to leap with flailing arms and wet umbrella and nodding head towards my friend.
“No,” said Mr. Flowers.  “Nothing of that nature, Mr. Holmes.  I wouldn't have suspected, if it weren't for my tarot card reader – for she's the one that told me.  She saw it in the Three of Swords, and that's an honest fact, sir.”
Counting off upon his fingers, Holmes droned out his misdemeanours.  “Apparently, I scratched the enamel off the bath tub.  Apparently, I broke six rods upon the balustrade.
“But I still haven’t solved it. God, what am I
Alright, I’m heading home. Hope you see you there
“That was.”
“Sherlock, shut up.”
Here it comes. The end. The
. I pushed back against you and you smiled against my bare skin.
“This is a really nice place, though. I think you both deserve a nice place.” She smiles at Sherlock, warm and sympathetic, and it occurs to him suddenly that John’s told her all about him. That night in hospital, the two of them sharing guarded whispers that Sherlock couldn’t decipher. She knows about the drugs, the homelessness, maybe even the prostitution, though perhaps John wouldn’t have divulged that bit. No, he wouldn’t have. But she’s not stupid, she would know what street kids with addictions do to get money.
It was a text. He picked it up and looked at it, nearly swerved right off the road.
“You realise it’s probably a disgruntled tourist or a deer poacher or something terrifically mundane? I know that genius brain is clicking through brilliantly violent and bloody scenarios already, but it’s likely nothing at all interesting.”
John laughs with his mouth open, blue eyes twinkling, and yanks the sheet down off Sherlock's arse. "Look at this perfect thing." He runs his hands over the rise of his cheeks, kneading a little, and then smacks the left one lightly. "Ooh, I like that. Got a nice resonance. Like a bongo."
"So. Being submissive to me, not just in bed, but all the time - your liking to shave for me and wash my hair for me and cook for me, all that - it makes you feel...what? I'm trying to really understand. I'm sorry I'm so thick." John takes a long warm pull of his wine. "Maybe it's the booze."
“You - what?!” There have been far too many conflicting emotions in the last five minutes. John’s stomach lurches and his vision fills with winking black spots. Overwhelmed, he clutches at Sherlock for support, and then remembers he’s angry with him. He drops his hands to his sides, clenching into fists, his fingernails slicing into his palms.
“It does indeed, doctor.” Sherlock craned his neck, trying to peer into one of the rooms off the entry hall.
Sherlock’s beyond speaking, just drops his hand into John’s hair and kneads at his neck, pushes down onto his hand. John understands, slides his finger out, and then pushes two back in. Fire crackles up Sherlock’s nerve endings and he arcs high up off the bed, clenching around John’s fingers and whimpering desperately. He’s never let anyone see him like this, so lost in them, so delirious with love and desire. Only John can be trusted with every part of him.
“Shut up, Mike,” Sherlock snarls, trying to sound cross and not quite getting there. He flops down sulkily on the bleacher and avoids Mike’s eyes, but his face just won’t stop smiling, no matter how much he wills it to.
“Shhhh.” Sherlock whispered back, putting on his most disarming smile and clasping his wrists behind his back.
.” Sherlock relished the power in those words, watching as John's hips jumped and he squeezed his cock, mouth dropping open.
him. Pheromones. DNA. He can smell his blood pulsing under his glowing skin. “Fuck, god, I want to split you apart.”
Sherlock woke up with a start, the feeling of John’s fingers in his hair just out of reach. He ruffled his own fingers through his hair and sighed. Dawn was breaking, a pale shard of pink light drifting the the crack in the doors of the baggage car. He’d slept all night. Hadn’t done that in, God, he couldn’t remember when. He lived in a constant state of exhaustion and hunger, Mycroft reluctantly lending assistance only when Sherlock’s life was in imminent danger.
“That might be a problem.”
Sherlock's already halfway out the door. He shakes his head. "No."
“I am so sorry. I don’t know how else to...can I...can I, please?” Sherlock’s voice wobbled. John had never heard him sound so hesitant before.
John had been home for a few months, freshly divorced and more than a bit lost, his insomnia as bad as it had ever been. He’d been sitting by the fireplace that night, steadily making his way through a bottle of Glenlivet, when Sherlock drifted out of his room and silently sank down on the floor in front of him. His beautiful eyes had been round and sleepy and sad, and John’s heart had ached with all the things they’d never said to each other, all the things they could never seem to make right. They had gazed softly at each other in the wavering firelight, both too reticent to make anything happen for a long while. In the end, it had been Sherlock, slowly taking John’s glass out of his hand and spreading out John’s fingers, fanning them across his own mouth so he could kiss each one as he looked up at John’s face from underneath his lashes. His mouth was on the translucent skin of John’s wrist before he murmured, “Alright, John?”
don't stop." John husked out, voice shaking.
John stutters to a stop as he begins to push inside, his eyes close and his lips part, pink and full. Sherlock runs his hands up John’s back, slick with sweat, and tries to remember how to breathe. The sensation of John’s cock pressing into him is so much different than his fingers - wide and full and unyielding - and Sherlock has to bite into his lip and concentrate on relaxing his muscles. John takes his time, gazing down at Sherlock with soft heavy-lidded eyes as he rolls his hips slow and dirty. Purposeful.
"I like when I can reduce you to vowel sounds." John slid up and laid beside Sherlock, brushed the back of his hand over his cheek. "Can you move?"
“Christ, you’re inside me…that’s gorgeous.” John moves his hand from Sherlock’s head to his hip, digs his fingers in. “I’ve got you.”
I ain't givin' it away.
“We won’t.”
it. You love controlling me. You love doing it in public, showing me off, how well I listen, how good I am for you, and only you. How you’ve
“You’re always what I need, John.” Sherlock pulled at his lower lip, caressed it with his mouth, nudged John's nose with his own. It was an incongruously sweet gesture, and it made John's heart lurch into his throat.
. So long, Sherlock. So long.”
“Yes, sir. Thank you.”
each other, and they
John slams the back door closed and kicks the boot hard enough that the car rocks forward. He rounds the driver’s side, leans down menacingly into the window. His face is terrifying, hard and ferocious. All Sherlock can do is gape at the change from the boy in the alley. “I’m counting down to one before I pull you out of that car and beat you unconscious. Three...two…”
“No. No. I just need a minute. I can do this.” Flutterings of panic are starting in his chest. He has to stay here. He has to solve it.
“I was going to say have dinner, but.” Sherlock dips his head, kisses at the tip of John’s thumb.
“I’m helping.”
Sherlock shifted enough that he could reach across his chest and take John’s left hand in his. It was less swollen than it had been yesterday, but blacker now, and looked so small and delicate laying atop Sherlock’s much larger one. The fingernail on John’s ring finger was missing. He put John’s hand to his lips and kissed it gently, then laid it back on the sheets, afraid to cause him pain.
Sherlock shook his head and let his eyes fall shut. He pushed his nose into the crease of John’s groin and drew in a long breath. John’s hand fell roughly into his hair, fingers twining around tangled curls.
“Yeah?”
" John panted out, caressing Sherlock's jaw through the wool, "Where did you learn this, you dirty little thing?"
“Always have.” Sherlock grins.
“Sorry, I’m so - I wish I could stay with you all night - ” John pushes at him, turns so he’s sitting bare-arsed on the cold marble counter with Sherlock between his knees. He reaches down and finally yanks his shorts over his boots, kicks them onto the floor. “Come here.”
John sits down at the kitchen table across from Sherlock with his own sandwich, slathered in mayonnaise, and pushes a tumbler of ice water at Sherlock. “You’re dehydrated, Sherlock. Drink the water.”
“Clues? For….” She looked at him questioningly.
“Alright, love.” John gasps, teetering dangerously on the very edge of his own pleasure, his cock leaking so much he barely needs lube. He slips his fingers from Sherlock’s body and runs his hand over himself. “On your side.”
Oh fuck, he was really hurting him. He came back to himself, pulled his mouth reluctantly away from Sherlock’s now freely bleeding arm. “Jesus Christ, baby, I’m sorry. I don’t know what came over me, fuck. I’m so sorry, love.”
“Oh Christ, Sherlock,” John reaches between them, presses a palm against the hardness that’s been rocking heatedly against his stomach. The thought that he’s touching Sherlock like this, after so many years of waiting and wanting, is dizzying.
Sherlock rings his index finger and thumb around the base of John’s cock, and they just barely touch around the girth of him. Sherlock’s so turned on, he wants to rut against the zipper of his jeans, John’s shin, anything. Usually sucking cock makes his own erection flag, but sucking John makes his entire body tremble with desire - just the smell of him is intoxicating. He meets his fingers with his mouth, glans pushing against his throat as the tip of his nose brushes soft damp hair. He could do this forever.
He slips quietly into the loo ten minutes later, just as John has laid his head back against the rim of the bath and closed his eyes. He listens as Sherlock lowers himself onto the floor, the slight grunt as he folds his long legs into the small space. John cracks an eye, sees the back of Sherlock’s head bowed, looking into his lap.
if you want to, darling, of course -”
“How much money do you have?” Sherlock has to break this spell. This is far too much, far too quickly. He darts his head back, grins, and John’s face breaks open like a light being flipped on in a dark room.
,” he groaned, long and low and tremulous. He bucked wildly for a moment, and then with one final jut of his hips, his thighs flexing against the curve of my arse, he fell forward against my back and tucked his face against my nape. His ragged whines faded into shuddering breaths as his arms closed around my waist and he held me close.
They couldn’t have known then, what the years ahead would hold for them. The separation. The anguish of always misunderstanding each other. Trying to keep each other safe and always messing it up.
A sliver of buttery yellow sunlight slants through the bed curtains. Alchemy’s gone, probably run off on some adventure with Thom’s black rat Midnight. Stretching, he feels the crackle of parchment under his thigh.
Mike shrugs and stands up, his mind clearly already off the article.
“I believe you.” John nudges Sherlock’s face up to his, and their mouths meet in a tumult of need, biting and pulling at each other’s lips. The sensation of kissing Sherlock has always been overwhelming, but this. It’s like finding each other all over again. John’s head is buzzing with electricity, one long droning note in his ears, blocking out everything except Sherlock’s lips enveloping his own, Sherlock’s wine-sour tongue in his mouth, Sherlock’s nose bumping his as they tilt their heads to deepen the kiss.
“Oh.” John swallows, Adam's apple bobbing in his muscular neck. "You lived here, then?"
, and he chokes out a groan, arching up, while John kisses him quiet.
Relief surges through him, so powerfully he’s weak from it. A strangled sob lurches out of his throat, his eyes prickling with tears.
“None of my business. Don't need details. Just glad you have someone to help you out.” Looking distinctly ruffled, the doctor started for the door.
“I know. I know you have. I’m sorry I was so stupid before.” Sherlock reaches up with his good hand, runs his fingers through John’s hair, pulls him forward. “Come
"You’re so...open. That’s...
. He allows himself a laugh, and shrugs. “Why? What’re you doing? You sound as though you’ve got a plan.”
“No. I’m not asking. I’m telling. He’s going home. He needs to rest. I’ll text you tomorrow. But I’m serious, Greg. If I get one text tonight, just one - we won’t be in tomorrow. I understand people’s lives are at stake, and I’m not at all unconcerned about that fact.” John squeezes Sherlock’s fingers tightly. “But
-- and widened in surprise at Sherlock and John, laying there entangled on the bed.
“Hey, Sherlock,” John says, his voice so soft and warm that it lights Sherlock up from the inside out. He leans forward on his broom, and drops down to eye level with Sherlock. “I didn’t know you liked Quidditch. I’ve never seen you at a match.”
those footfalls, had listened to them every day for two and a half years. Listened to them taking the steps two at a time, pacing in the sitting room at 3:00am, in cadence with his own as they stalked to a crime scene feeling not a little bit like superheroes.
John takes ten quid downstairs to Speedy’s and brings back takeaway coffees and two egg sandwiches each. They eat them in the chairs by the fireplace, John automatically taking the hideous flowered armchair and Sherlock curling up in the sprawling leather one. There’s a peace inside him that he’s
The thing is, it’s always been extraordinary, their life. It’s been bullets and semtex and gore, it’s always been sleep deprivation and full throttle and explosive and it’s been a goddamned train wreck and it’s been amazing. But it’s been amazing because it’s been
blue eyes that Sherlock can never stop looking into, no matter how hard he tries to look somewhere else - are contemplative, almost melancholy.
“I’ll let you every day.” Sherlock murmurs, meaning it so fiercely, with every bit of himself that he can give.
“Okay. Alright.” Sherlock closes his eyes and scratches at John’s scalp with his fingernails. “You have me. You
“Yes, I’m fabulous. This is just what we needed. Been desperately dull these last weeks, just puttering round like two little old men.” Sherlock’s pace quickens.
Yes. A long holiday to Scotland was just what they needed.
Nondescript accent. Could be from almost anywhere in the states. No one sounds like that naturally, everyone has a telling accent if you know how to listen. This man’s had been trained away. Interesting.
done to it?”
"Yes."
Sherlock grins back, then reaches for his phone and slides it onto his lap. He surreptitiously types out a text to Mycroft with one hand, his phone half covered by the tablecloth.
he had murmured, and sent me on my lonesome way.
There’s never been
Perhaps just because it was always
They fall into step together crossing Monmouth Street, and as they merge into the mass of bodies on Shaftesbury Avenue, Sherlock slips his arm around John’s waist. John leans into him and sighs, swallowing down an unexpected lump in his throat.
“John, please,” I whimpered.
John would lay in bed at night, phone pressed against his heart after they’d said goodnight, and stare at the water stains on the ceiling.
“Well.” Sherlock’s momentarily gobsmacked. People don’t challenge him. He likes it, how John’s not intimidated by him. “Yeah, but that’s -- I’m -- most people wouldn’t do that.”
“Look at me. John, look at me.” Sherlock’s words were skittering in his head, jumping over one another, jumbled. He didn’t know how to do this, to be this for John. He tried to think of what John would say, if he were himself. What John would do if their roles were reversed. “We’ve both -- we’ve both done horrible things -- because we had to, or because we didn’t know what else to do. I haven’t even, haven’t even begun to tell you what I’ve done. We’re both -- we’re both going to have to deal with what we’ve done to ourselves and to each other. You said all or nothing, and that you can’t accept nothing. Neither can I. So, just, just tell me, and then -- I don’t know -- I’ll tell you something horrendous that I’ve done, and there are many to choose from, believe me. We’re not perfect, John. We’re not even close, and we’ve never been. We’re two people who don’t like anyone, and very few people like us. We push and push, just to see how much we can take, how much other people will take before they can’t stand us. We break ourselves against the rocks just to watch ourselves bleed.”
Sherlock drops his right arm down along John’s back and clasps one arse cheek, encouraging John to thrust against him. John buries his face in the sweat damp curve of Sherlock’s shoulder and shifts his hips in gloriously slow circles, the tension growing and spreading through his belly until he’s heavy with it, until his bones feel as though they’re liquefying.
“Oh god that feels good.” John rolls his head to the side, nose against the underside of Sherlock’s chin. “You have no idea how good you are, you know. At all of this.”
John breathes hard through his nose, his shoulders trembling with the effort of containing the rage that's burning acid in his throat. His teeth hurt already from clenching them. "I am not going to hit you."
Sherlock's reading a particularly interesting section about relocating hives for the winter months. He sighs heavily. "I love classical music. Not this...whatever it is."
This is all entirely unacceptable, and exactly what Sherlock’s been fearing. He’s not
"Well, that's reassuring. I'm glad your rock solid contingency plan for him discovering what you're up to is
John rucked up Sherlock's shirt and pressed kisses along his spine, worked one hand between his thighs and brushed his thumb lightly in circles, said fondly, "You bloody gorgeous bastard. You make me crazy.”
The flat is quiet when Sherlock creeps up the steps. He has a momentary wave of relief, thinking John must still be asleep. The flat door is unlocked. He swings it open gently, and is just pressing it closed when John appears in the kitchen doorway. He's still in the oversized tee shirt from the night before, his small bare feet and tiny statute incongruous with the fury radiating off of him. He looks ten feet tall. He fills the sitting room.
tossing it in a skip.”
“You are -” John draws his thumb down over Sherlock’s cheekbone, dips it into the corner of his mouth. “You are the most beautiful thing I have ever seen. Do you even know? Do you even have any idea at all how fucking
John laid down, covering them both with the blankets, and laid his arm across Sherlock, kissed his chest. “How do you always know things about me that I don’t even know about myself?”
Everything felt a dream. A nightmare. Scurried out of England like a criminal, in disguise, not permitted to tell John what was going on, and now...over a year later, and what a disaster. He hadn't even helped catch half the people he was supposed to have, and John had been destroyed.
John inclines his head, raises an eyebrow. “Well, come on. Stop
“I died the first time you did. How could this be any worse?” John says, his harsh whisper so quiet he’s not even sure Sherlock hears it, until the train car goes eerily silent, broken only by the sound of his own ragged breaths. He’s looking at the floor, at his own shoes, thinking how they’re going to be melted in a matter of minutes - blobs of smoking rubber and curled blackened leather. He wonders briefly whether he’ll actually be blown right out of them.
“Don’t go anywhere.”
“You have me, god, Sherlock, you have every part of me. Whatever you want,” John grabs his hands from under his shirt, kisses at bony wrists, at the drying come on his knuckles, feeling like he could pass out in the hallway, every limb weak and wobbling even as his belly floods with a new wave of arousal. “I want you underneath me. Please, please, god, so long - waited - so long - ”
But something was wrong. John had stopped, a metre behind them. Sherlock spun to look at him, and his face was ashen, fists curled tightly at his thighs.
“It’s getting much thicker now.” Sherlock ran his fingertips though the ginger curls on John’s cheek. “It’s softer this way.”
"Mmmm." Sherlock hummed and arched an eyebrow, earning him a swat on the bum as he walked away.
I wanted to make you hurt.
He pauses, giving Sherlock time to process this.
, do you hear me? John, goddammit.” There was a pull between them as strong as a line pulling a ship to shore, anchoring him to the man between his hands. Sherlock’s head tilted, he pushed forward, crushed his mouth to John’s, pulled the ruined raw flesh between his lips, tongue hot and insistent. Possessive.
“Hello, Sherlock.”
“I didn’t say you did. But John’s nice. He’s sweet. And good looking, and -”
John shows Sherlock how to weigh and measure the flour, what temperature the water should be. He wraps his short fingers around Sherlock’s, their wrists lined up, and helps him gently sprinkle the yeast over the surface of the water. Sherlock’s eyes light up with the excitement of a child discovering something wholly new when they add the sugar and the yeast blooms.
“Would there be matches?” Sherlock looked down at his own barely eaten dinner and tried not to look too interested.
"You're so good, baby. Doing exactly what you think I want you to do. But we're not doing that today. Put your arms down." John kneels on the mattress and sets the cuffs and the rope next to him.
” John touches his knee gently, but Sherlock shakes him off without opening his eyes. John takes the call. “Mycroft. He’s thinking right now. Well, you can talk to me.”
Sherlock jumps to his feet in one fluid motion, and strides across the room. He stretches up on his tiptoes to reach the high window, and unfastens the brass latch. The owl elegantly slips through and flutters to the nearest table, a scarred round oak one they usually use for homework. He’s got a small parchment roll tied to his left ankle, and he lifts his foot to call Sherlock’s attention to it.
Sherlock sucked harder, his own cock leaking inside his pyjamas, precome soaking the cotton as he rutted himself against the mattress. John's cock thickened, and Sherlock swirled his tongue in a long languorous upstroke and then pulled off, licking him from root to tip. He lowered his mouth to John’s bollocks and dragged his tingling lips over them, kissed at his thighs. “John, get the lube.”
Kissing turns into half sleeping, legs folded together, holding hands. They're sticky and sweaty, and John's bare feet are hanging out of the bottom of the blanket and freezing cold, and he doesn't think he's ever been more content in his life.
"Tell me," John whispers, watching Sherlock watching him as he finally slips his hand around smooth satiny skin, blood hot, and slowly drags the pliable skin up over the hardness underneath, "Oh, god, Sherlock. You feel so good."
John’s hand moves from the back of his head to brush his hair from his forehead, with such tenderness that Sherlock's breath catches. He dares a glance up at John’s face, and nearly sobs from the look of pure wonder beaming from his half closed eyes. John smiles, his tongue squeezed between his teeth, and rubs a thumb against the corner of Sherlock’s mouth.
But he files the image away in the John room anyway.
John pulls Sherlock away from a sea of stunned eyes and open mouths. Sherlock’s already pliant, yielding, and just allows himself to be led from the room by the strength of John’s will.
They’re both still wracked with tremors when John pulls out gently and collapses beside Sherlock with a sigh. Sherlock wordlessly rolls, tucking himself into John’s waiting arms and burrowing his face into John’s neck. John’s fingers drift idly up and down Sherlock’s back, and eventually Sherlock realises they’re both falling asleep. He fumbles for the blankets, pulling them haphazardly over their naked bodies. John grumbles contentedly and mouths a messy kiss at Sherlock’s hairline.
“Why aren’t you angrier?” That wasn’t at all the question he’d wanted to ask, but it seemed more pertinent.
A hard lump lodges in Sherlock's throat, looking round at the entry hall with its doilies and gleamingly polished, but cheap and tattered, furniture. At the neat pair of shoes lined up next to the door. At the eight hook coat rack with one lone cardigan hanging on it. She's alone. Just like them.
"I very much do, actually, John." Sherlock says sharply. "You've been tiptoeing round this flat for months as though you don't belong here, as though you're staying in a hotel, and I'm the over friendly concierge. Not as though I'm your best friend. It's grown a bit tedious."
He’d taken him to a hotel and fucked him so hard he had bruises for days. After that, they had a standing arrangement for a couple months, but then the guy disappeared. That’s what drug addicted prostitutes do, generally. John had found others, none as close to resembling Sherlock as the first one, but close enough. One particularly lovely one had hair that was too long to be believable. John had paid him fifty extra quid just to let him cut his hair.
Sherlock's smile is sad. He closes his eyes and breathes, "Not today. Today I just want this, you. Please. Not today, John. Just let it be enough that I made it through and so did you."
to the canteen, doctors consulting and humming approvingly or disapprovingly, MRIs and CAT scans. Sherlock never left; showering in the tiny stall in the loo attached to the hospital room, sleeping with John curled tight into his chest every night, wearing the same clothes day after day. On the fourth day, the kindly nurse with the ponytail whose name Sherlock could never remember offered to wash a change of clothes for him at her own home and bring them back that evening. She handed them to him with a knowing smile, and patted his hand in a way that reminded him forcibly of Mrs Hudson.
John huffed a small laugh. "Very traditional of you. You fucker. I could have walked, you know."
I see it. I understand.
He nods, unable to speak without his voice breaking.
“So, who is it? The victim, I mean?”
John looks up at him, sloe eyed and flushed. His lips are wet.
“Yeah?” The word more a pant than anything else.
John barely stops himself from answering "Yes, sir."
“Still okay?” John’s lips pull hot and wet across Sherlock’s throat, the hand that isn’t restraining Sherlock’s wrists moving down over his ribs, the heel of his hand firm against Sherlock’s hip. “I don’t want to hurt you. I just - “
as long as I still had
Sherlock chuckles quietly, shifts in his seat until he's facing away from John and looking at the unlit fireplace, the focus of the first "Be my good boy, Sherlock." The moment everything changed for them. Again. So many incarnations of who they are together - strangers, colleagues, friends, best friends, lovers, husbands - and they're still here, trying to make it right. It strikes John how few people get to experience love like this, the kind that's fire tested, that's truly unconditional. He swallows away the lump in his throat, puts a reassuring hand on the perfect curve of Sherlock's spine.
He was not going to be able to fucking stand it if all these people kept referring to him as Dr. Watson. “John. It’s fucking John. I’m not a doctor anymore. Who’s this?”
They walk in silence, John stalking ahead.
was the variable, the one singular requirement in John’s life. It would have been exhilarating spending the last thirty years managing a second hand bookshop in Yorkshire if Sherlock had been at his side.
John smiled and picked up his dressing gown off the floor. “Alright. Stay right there.”
Sherlock balks at him, unable to find his voice in the face of John’s easy amusement. Finally he swallows and hisses through clenched teeth, “Of course I’m not asleep. And I don’t find any of this funny. If this is a joke, John, it’s failing miserably.”
“Yes, sir.”
“I want to be angry, Sherlock. I can’t make it this easy for you.” John shook his head, even as Sherlock’s face looming closer. John seemed to be pulling him. “You owe me. You completely fucked up my life. And I don’t even know why. I don’t even know what all this was for.”
“Interesting. Well. Make yourselves at home, lovelies, and I’ll be back in a jiffy.”
“You would -- why would you want to do that?”
way that Sherlock finds himself grinning against his pillow.
“You obviously want to tell me something. Spit it out.” God, he wanted a cigarette. He would
"Sherlock, put me down. Put me the fuck down, seriously." John wriggled and tried to arch his legs over Sherlock's arm. His head spun.
“I thought you hated me.” Sherlock pulls them closer together, though that hardly feels possible, and ducks his head down so he can press kisses along John’s cheek and over the curve of his orbital bone. “Though I realise now that was a fairly significant miscalculation.”
the idea." Jim grins crookedly and strokes himself through his loose tracksuit bottoms.
Something deliciously primal and dark stirred in John, watching the maroon stream over Sherlock’s pearly white skin. The room shifted, everything less solid than it had been a moment ago. He shivered, an emotion much deeper than simple arousal running rampant through him. He’d known he wanted this too, but he hadn’t known how damned much, until this very moment. He needed this as much as Sherlock. A fierce possessiveness wound through him, the instinct to claim and mark. Sherlock was his, body and soul.
“Oh fuck, baby. Oh god, that feels good. It hurts. It hurts and it’s so good, don’t stop, don’t stop.” John’s other hand was still holding the blade to Sherlock’s arm. He’d been so lost in his own bliss that he’d forgotten Sherlock.
“Right. I’m taking a bath and then I’m off to bed.”
"You're vile."
"Sherlock. It's already good. Because. You know.
“I love you.”
“I do love the sight of you in my lap, but,” John tipped his head back, those hypnotic blue eyes flicking up to mine and holding me in them. He traced the outline of my lips worshipfully with the side of his thumb and licked his own. “May I have your mouth?
Sherlock was actually removing his arm from behind John’s back, preparing to allow him this rejection, when John’s careworn face softened into a smile and he touched the fingers of his left arm, laying between them on the bed, to Sherlock’s thigh. “You
to, because with John he couldn't not. Kissed him hard and desperate, promising to be back as soon as possible. John stroked his face, touched his hair, told him to be careful.
, John. Happy anniversary.” Sherlock purrs, his voice gone rough already.
John laughs a little, and darts his tongue out to skate along Sherlock’s skin. He licks a wet trail through coarse black curls, tongue meandering and reverent, pressing hard into soft skin as he mouths kisses down, down, until he's rubbing his hot mouth against Sherlock's bollocks and pushing his legs apart. Sherlock tightens his fingers in John’s hair, the ache in his chest spreading, warring with the heat flooding his belly as John licks at him.
“Sherlock, I’m going to -” He trails off. Sherlock’s already in their flat, deep inside that extraordinary mind of his. He won’t notice John spending thirty minutes catching up with Mrs Hudson.
John flushed harder and shook his head. She turned back round and handed him his card, leaned over the bar, ignoring both Owen and Tommy entirely as her eyes trailed up and down John's face. "I always need a ride home after work. Tube's closed at 2:00."
Butterflies. Dog eared books. Apple pasties. Cream tea on a rainy afternoon. The smell of leather cleaner. Flannel pyjamas worn through at the knees. Christmas pudding with all the raisins picked out. The sound of the front door creaking open, and the way my stomach still flutters when I hear your footfalls on the stairs. The smell of coffee perking on the hob. The rustle of the sheets when you come to bed five hours after I do and you’re trying not to wake me. Peppermint gum. Autumn leaves. Cigarettes and mouthwash. (I always know, you know.)
John smiles and dusts his floury hands in the sink. Those blue eyes - those one of a kind blue silver eyes, shot through with black streaks and flecked with grey and just
“We believe there may be an insider, passing information about Harry’s inner circle, his family and friends, to whomever is responsible for these disappearances. Someone close to Harry’s children, and to Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger’s children.”
“I love you, too, you sentimental old fool,” he grins, throwing one last log onto the fire before dragging a metal screen in front of it and dusting his hands off.
It makes him laugh, her motherly honesty. “Better than the last time you saw me.”
John’s eyes cast down at the sheets, and he sighed deeply. “I wasn’t sure. That you’d really be here. It’s still...really hard for me to believe. This isn’t going to be easy. Nothing about any of this is going to be. I have...I have a job to finish here. I have to. Or...there will be consequences. Ugly ones. Before anything else, before we can…”
"I don't, no." Sherlock brushes the dirt and gravel off his hands, brushes them on the back of his jeans.
"Sherlock, I can't...that's so. Silly. I can't. I can't imagine myself doing that." John scratched at The Beard with the fingers of his left hand, his dominant hand. Sherlock had observed he scratched it with his non-dominant right hand approximately 77% of the time. He scratched with his left when he was uncomfortable or nervous, as he was now.
"He already knows, Mycroft."
look at him this way, Sherlock realises. Just as intimate, just as possessive - just not twined together in Sherlock’s bed.
"That's okay. I just want to make you feel so good, even if it's fast. I don't care." John moves up Sherlock's body without taking his hand off his cock, kisses his shoulder and his neck, "Tell me what to do next. Tell me what you wanted me to do that night, Sherlock. Tell me what you imagined."
He raises his fist to knock on the door, and it swings open before he can.
The rat squeaks and lifts his nose in the air, which Sherlock takes as agreement with the former.
“I know, darling.” John tried to shut down his own arousal for a moment and focus on Sherlock. He counted down from ten to one, willing himself to stop thinking about the sweet throbbing in his arse, the tingling in his belly.  “It is for me, too. I’m not acquiescing just to please you. I admit I do that plenty, but this isn’t one those times. Are you concerned about hurting me?”
“No. I’m not. Really, do you think I’d be that boring?” Sherlock sat on the edge of the hospital bed, his back to John, staring out the window into a blackening sky. Headlamps in the hospital parking lot swung back and forth, intersecting. They reminded Sherlock of torch beams, his and John’s footfalls pounding in dark cobblestone alleyways. He swallowed. “No, I was going to say, that’s true. You always thought of yourself as a hero, the bearer of some kind of moral standard that you could fail at upholding. You aren’t a hero, John. You’re not infallible, and you’re not morally incorruptible. You’re just a man. A good man, who’d done some dark things. You’re no different than you were before. You just
John recoils as if Sherlock slapped him. “Well, fuck you too. Is this how you treat everyone who’s offered you their money and their love and their body? Fuck you, Sherlock. Seriously.”
“Sherlock.
things we have to discuss. Things you don’t know about me, that don’t even have to do with what’s been going on since you left. Just, things every partner should know about each other, and the same for you. I don’t know -
"Fuck you," Sherlock spits out, bile in his throat.
"John, please," Sherlock squirms, panting, pulls at John's shoulders.
“It’s completely impossible to find this unless you’re searching for it, and no one would.” They’re kneeling next to each other far back on the tunnel trackway, knees digging into hundred year old gravel and bits of rubbish. Sherlock jiggles the loose tile and it pulls loose with a little screech. He reaches into the cavity and retrieves a rusty metal box with a key sticking out. “It’s like our own safety deposit, John. No one would ever think to look here, and even if they did, we have the key.”
They stare at each other for a moment, Sherlock unable to look away from the lightning shaped grey streaks in those indigo eyes, the sweep of long golden eyelashes around them. They’re the most interesting eyes Sherlock’s ever seen. John finally lifts his eyebrows and sniffs, breaking whatever spell had come over them. He clears his throat and sits back down.
- long walks through the heather and pet sheep." Sherlock took the lobe of John's left ear between his teeth and tugged gently, flattened his hand against John's stomach and rolled his hips into the gentle swell of John's arse. He shuddered against the drag of his rapidly hardening cock against the thin cotton of John's pyjamas.
He curls tight against Sherlock’s side. His breath sounds uneven. “I love you so much, Sherlock. Sometimes I think it’s the only thing I’m sure of anymore.”
“People will remember an English accent.”
"Yes, John."
At the time, he truly believed there was no choice. Later though... He could have, in some small way, shown him. Given him a a sign that he was alive, before John spiralled down. He didn’t though, he hadn’t, and John's breakdown was all his fault. Now he didn't care about small secret signals. He had to get to John, as quickly as possible. He had to fix this, what was wrong with John, or it would kill them both.
He pulled over, an ache blossoming through his chest, ran the car half up on a snow bank and yanked it into park. He lit a cigarette and texted back with just one thumb as he pulled hard on the filter. He felt like he was made of ashes, dissolving under his skin.
I should tell you. I should talk to you. But this,having you coiled around me like this, soft and sleep-drunk and
"You need something for your skin, love. It'll feel a little cold." John pulls a brown bottle of aloe juice from from bathroom cupboard and swabs it all over Sherlock's torso with cotton balls. Sherlock is silent through it all, just occasionally sighing and touching John's face wonderingly.
The profundity of that statement, though John knew it, is staggering. He can't talk. So he does what Sherlock told him to do, as he usually does, and kisses him.
"It'll do, yeah?" John's fingers rub circles in Sherlock's hair, probably tangling it horribly. Sherlock couldn't care less.
“You’re as pale as a summer moon, Holmes, my god.” John rushes to Sherlock’s side and takes his elbow, easing him back down onto the sofa. He kneels again, eyes soft and warm, full of an easy affection that Sherlock has only caught glimpses of before. He reaches up and brushes his knuckles tenderly along Sherlock’s cheekbone, “You’re worrying me, my boy.”
"What is this?" John says again, and moves to his right, shifting around Sherlock's body until he's behind him. "Jesus fucking Christ. Jesus fucking Christ, Sherlock."
"Go ahead. Take me. Take whatever you need from me, I want you to." Sherlock leaned in, pressed his lips to John's in a silent promise.
What they could do to each other, the force of this. It startled John sometimes, how frightening it could be to love someone with your whole soul, with every cell in your body. When he would wake in the middle of the night, watch Sherlock sleeping, and allow himself to really feel the raw, fierce love that he could never permit to overtake him when Sherlock was awake, he inevitably ended up in tears, with a vague ache in his chest that lasted all night.
“Oh, not until I want to.” There’s
"Okay." John says slowly, "But...?"
“Oh - oh - I - fu -” A string of monosyllables fall from Sherlock’s swollen mouth, his brain unable to catch up to the instinctual responses of his body, which knows
"Um. You sure? Because you're not acting like it's fine. At all." Furrowed brow, perfect red lips pressed in a thin line. John looks perplexed. He blinks a few times, leans away from Sherlock. "I thought we were..."
“Thank you. Again. For before.”
“Take one anyway. I’ll make it worth your while, I promise.” Sherlock traces the inner rim of his upper lip with his tongue, lets his eyes fall shut slowly. When he opens them, John’s staring at him with unabashed lust, his lips parted, breathing heavier.
Sherlock, wanted to make him real.
“No, sir. Just up from London on holiday.” John had already assumed that voice he put on when he was trying to blend in, pretend he was just a normal bloke.
"Be still." Sherlock arches up once more in silent entreaty, but lets his hips fall back on the bed and watches as John picks up the braided rope. He secures it to the ring at Sherlock's throat and gives a tug. Sherlock's mouth opens, goosebumps erupting cross his chest and shoulders. "Oh, you like that. God, no one would believe me if I told them how you like to be collared and humiliated and called a dirty whore. This is all just for me. No one else has ever seen you this way."
What would Mycroft say?
How many times has he imagined this,
been looking for a flatmate.”
that.”
He pulled on a pair of old, soft jeans that were now too loose, one of his old army tee shirts and a thick maroon jumper that Mrs Hudson had given him a million years ago for Christmas. She smiled when she saw it, and they shared fish pie and salad at the breakfast table between the sitting room windows. Sherlock flew in the door as they were finishing cups of coffee, and dropped a casual kiss on the top of John's head. Mrs Hudson clapped her hands together, her eyes bright, and they both hugged her before they left.
well, John.” Sherlock grinned and slammed the car door shut, drew John close as they huddled under a shared umbrella and splashed across the lot to the restaurant.
The doctor looks at him, eyes sympathetic and soft. “No, son. He’s not dead. He’s got a fairly serious laceration to his liver, lost a large amount of blood. I don’t believe the liver itself will require surgery, but he’ll require almost constant bed rest for the next several days. We've repaired the exterior wound. He's awake. Tired and in some pain, but awake. Give us thirty minutes or so to get him settled in a room and we’ll let you see him, alright?”
it a game?” Sherlock languidly tongued at John’s navel, wetting the sparse trail of curls beneath it. “I thought you were quite serious about fucking me right into this floor until I can’t move.”
Sherlock had mumbled a
John tilts his head to the side and stares at Sherlock like he can’t believe any part of him exists and is standing here talking out loud. “
There hadn’t been any more mysterious texts since that one morning, now three days previous. John found himself wishing for them now. There was some glimmer, some spark that had ignited within him.
He walked into the check in desk. The obese woman was still there, squatting on a plastic stool, some godawful talk show squawking away from a filthy little tube television. She turned briefly and looked away, before realising it was him again. She turned slowly.
Shit. Sherlock’s not going to be pleased the case was solved without him. John rubs his hands over his face. Sherlock’s never, not once, failed to crack the case when Greg brought him in. He’s going to be gutted.
“Oh, I think I have - some idea. I want you to finger me until I’m absolutely wailing for you touch me and then don’t, leave me there begging for it until I’m crying. I want you to fuck my mouth until I’m choking on it, until I can barely breathe, until my throat goes hoarse. I want you to hurt me until I’m begging you to stop, and then I want you to keep going. I want so much, John. And now that you’re not afraid, not afraid of yourself, of who you are, I know you want it too. I know you can give me those things. Oh god.” Sherlock’s breathy words dissolve into a high pitched whine as John bites into his shoulder and squeezes his cock at the same time.
Sherlock swallows hard, trying to get some moisture back in his mouth. Rising shakily from the sofa, he's heading to the window to look down into the street when John strides back into the room, carrying a large oil lamp in one hand and an old fashioned black leather doctor’s bag in the other.
“Well, that’s
“Um. Yeah.” The kid moves out of the light, and Sherlock gets a first look at his face. Giant blue indigo lilac grey black streaked eyes, red chapped lips, cleft in his chin, a bit of acne, but overall he’s a bloody prince out of a fairytale. Beautiful.
This is the calmest he's ever felt in his life. Nothing before has ever felt so inevitable. So right.
. John infiltrating his entire consciousness, surrounding and holding him. John always had him. John was his soft safe place to fall. The only person who's ever wanted him for him, not for what he could do, not for the brain, but loved him brokenly and imperfectly human. Sherlock could never have let go like this before John, could never have let anyone see him begging for touch, moaning in pleasure, lost in the transport.
. We cannot possibly pass up this opportunity." Sherlock looked meaningfully at John, and John laughed a deep rumbling chuckle, shaking his head.
He's never been so distracted on a case before. Such distractions are frivolous, pointless - a monumental waste of intellectual and physical energy. When he’s
“Maybe not. But I won’t help you until we’ve done it.”
He leaned over and nipped at John's lower lip, eliciting from him a quiet little hum. John's right arm fell across Sherlock's shoulders and he leaned into the kiss, flicking at Sherlock's mouth with a tongue that tasted like the black tea and scones with fig jam he'd had after dinner.
"Nope. Nothing. We'll find her. You're clean now. You can think again. We have a home to come back to. We'll find her, and we'll bring her here, with us." John smiles reassuringly, eyes twinkling. "She can have that second bedroom we'll never use."
"Whatever you're having is fine."
"Yes, we can talk about that later. It looks to be a rather drawn out affair. A four at most, more like a three and a half. Wasn't really necessary for me to go out this morning. I should have stayed in bed with you."
"John. You're so..."
Sherlock held his cut arm in front of John’s face. It was no longer bleeding, but Sherlock pressed it against John’s open mouth, “Suck.”
“I am
Fall term had continued the same as last year, until one night, John just blurted it out in the middle of Sherlock verbally eviscerating a particularly inept physics professor.
“It’s not a good idea to carry it around for too long. You’ll get caught. We’ll go later. I’m okay for now.”
The day the case wraps up, Sherlock comes home from Scotland Yard sullen and silent. He drops into his chair by the fireplace and stares at the cold grate for hours. He stuffs tobacco into the bowl of the pipe and clamps it between his teeth, smoke billowing in thick lingering clouds round his head. John knows these moods, has dealt with them their entire life together. He knows there’s nothing he can do to snap Sherlock out of them. Besides which, he’s not feeling particularly social himself. So he waters the plants, cleans out the fridge, hoovers the sitting room, brings Mrs Hudson her lunch, and generally spends the day treating Sherlock like a piece of furniture.
“He does now.” John’s eyes are metallic grey, flat and simmering. His right hand curls into a fist, uncurls.
The softest brush of lips sweeps over Sherlock’s Adam’s apple, and then John’s arms close around him, head tucked tight against Sherlock’s collarbone. Sherlock hesitates for a fraction of a second, unsure, then raises his arms and wraps them around John’s shoulders, resting his face in John’s hair. He breathes in, the wool and musk smell that is uniquely John, and sighs contentedly.
They eat Indian food with their fingers, bits of naan and samosa crumbs spread across the coffee table, and share spicy chai tea in front of the fireplace. John forgets to call Mary and they fall asleep practically on top of each other in bed and wake up the same way, Sherlock breathing sleep sour into John’s mouth. John pulls Sherlock down and Sherlock pushes up, up, up, close and hard, his belly shivering, and they ruin their pyjamas and have to take another shower. John can't stop smiling.
"I'm not yours. Not anymore." Sherlock gasps, and kicks out desperately, making contact with bone. Shin, maybe. Knee.
"Yes,
“You alright?”
The morning that never happened, that would never happen.
“I’m going to keep saying it, you know. Because - because I just don’t know what else to say.” John laughs at himself a little, self deprecating honesty coming more easily than usual. That second glass of wine’s settling in, his veins running with treacle, slow and trick. He lays his forehead against Sherlock’s and rubs their noses together.
Already done that, and survived.
have to stay."
"If we're going to have sex, you're going to have to touch me, you know. You still okay with this, Sherlock?" John tries to sound gentle, though the heat is rising in him, with Sherlock's muscles jumping between his legs, his own bare skin laid out in front of Sherlock's inquisitive gaze.
“I’m glad of that. That we’ve made this our own. Even if we’ve royally fucked up along the way.”
“Why - why do you have a
“What?” Mike looks around as though he’s missed something.
He’s taken.” Jerks his head toward the dance floor in a clear dismissal, expression icy.
"Oh, god, I --" John grimaced, his fingers digging painfully into Sherlock's hands.
“Sherlock. Listen. Yesterday was - “ John looks soft and unsure, his eyes tired. “It was amazing. It was, the best sex I’ve ever had, truthfully. And that is saying quite a lot.”
He wrenched his bags out, catching one on the lock as he pulled. It jerked free and something metallic and heavy came tumbling to the pavement. He closed the boot, and as the cabbie drove away, he crouched down and picked it up. He almost fell over, vomit rising in his throat, when he saw what it was. Sherlock’s watch. Jesus. Fuck, he didn’t even know how that had gotten in there. He thought he’d put it safely in the skull at Baker Street, to be there if he ever could go home.
They’re both silent as Sherlock opens the door, perhaps both overwhelmed with everything that’s happened today. Sherlock’s back is to John as he hangs his coat on the rack beside the door. He looks stiff, the line of his shoulders tight.
"Don't I look serious, John?"
All John can see in the bare flickering light of this dingy alleyway are the whites of Sherlock’s eyes as he nods. John puts his mouth against Sherlock’s ear and mouths
this will work."
Sherlock realised his face was turning pink. He cleared his throat, and sipped at his wine. "I'm recording how many times you laugh in a day. The reason, duration, and decibel level."
is everything important and good and right, and there is nothing here to be embarrassed about. He trails his finger along the elastic of Sherlock's pants, raises his eyebrows. Sherlock lets out a long shuddering breath and nods, eyes shifting down to watch, watch as John dips just his index and middle finger under the waistband, smoothes his hand flat over Sherlock's hipbone and feels the beginnings of sparse wiry hairs against the heel of his hand. Sherlock shifts his hips, still watching, as John kisses down his belly and runs his hand down the inside of Sherlock's trembling thigh.
Sherlock touches his fingertips to them, but doesn't smile. He pecks a quick kiss on John’s cheek. “Yes. Thank you.”
“I think I'm banking on you not taking offence,” I said.
“Yes, you shall.”
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“You've messed my hair,” said he, complaining.
“Treacle tart.”  I offered him my fork.
I looked at him askance.  “Can you not light a fire?” I asked.
He reared up in indignation.  “I am her
“All right, then,” I said doubtfully.  (The bed was not
Holmes bowed but very slightly; he gestured to a padded armchair.  The woman sat, all of a fidget, shooting anxious looks to her companion who remained standing.
“Is everything all right?” I asked.
“I could take you right here.”
He blinked, and scratched his head.  “I don't like questions of this nature,” he said quietly.  Then, seeing my expression, he leaned forward, touched my hand.  “Just be sincere,” he said.  “And if it's meant to be, then it will be.”
“Watson,” said he, “I don't like being humble.”
“Just this, then, John,” said he.  “And then no more, until we see our dear deceased later today.  Take notes!  Well, then.  Her boots, her bonnet, and her mittens.  The simply dreadful singing, and her nose, and both her eyes.  Good gracious, that's a list to see you through to some idea.”
, when the landlady knocked upon the door to introduce a visitor – a Mr. Bridgeman, lawyer, seeking advice.  We scuttled up and brushed the crumbs away; I took my hat and coat, and shook the hand of my new friend.  “I will see you Saturday,” I said.  “I'll meet you there.  Why don't we have a drink beforehand?”
Having reassured our landlady that we needed nothing further, I closed the door and took my notebook, sitting ready to make record of what our mysterious guest might have to say.  Holmes leaned forward in his chair, his elbows resting on his knees, his fingers steepled.
“There was a queue inside the bakery.  And then I rested on the green, and watched the ducks.”  I perched atop the bed and laid my hand upon his hip.  “Did you get very far with your job?”
Holmes turned his head.  “Not very long.  The rent is steeper than I'd like, but the location suits me well.”
“I'm sorry,” I said earnestly.  I put my paper down.
“How do you want me?” he asked, breathless, inches from my avid lips.
“Better now?” he enquired.
“It's a passage!” I said, thrilled.  I clapped my hands.  My friend looked pleased.  “Where does it lead?”
“What a strange lad,” I said.
, come here,” the ex police constable bellowed.  “Oh, for the love of...”
“I had not forgotten,” said he.  Then:  “Why must you pay such close attention to what I read?”
“No doubt.  But do you care?”
the son who was the gardener, then who was that old woman who stood lurking by the gate?  And why were all of the notes written in a woman's hand?”
, from what I have read--” (and here again my friend snorted) “-- a crystal that is carved into the image of a skull carries more, er, power, shall we say, than its uncarved counterpart.  Er...”
“Well, I do not see how very
I stood, with some small effort, finding purchase on the sand.  “Come on.  Get up.”
.”  And off she swished.  Then, to the footman:  “No, no,
I took a cab to Clayton Street.  I banged upon the door; heard the confusion and the muttering within.  At some great length the door creaked open just a fraction, and that scoundrel's face emerged.  “Whatever is the... John?”  A frantic blinking, and a nervous glance behind him.  “Do you even
“Watson, go away,” said he.  “I won't tell you again.”
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“You're telling
It was early one Wednesday morning when the envelope arrived.  Mrs. Hudson brought it up the stairs, balanced on the breakfast tray, alongside the cups and saucers.  Laborious, the climb was, too, for I heard her mutter not quite
I felt immeasurably improved after a heaped plate full of everything.  My third cup of piping coffee had me returned amongst the living.  It was then that Jane, the maid, came in to bring the mail and see that all was well.  There was a letter addressed to Victor.  He tore it open, read the contents.  He placed it carefully beside his empty plate.
“We must go to Scotland Yard,” said he, “and have a word with Gregson.”
out of this house since we moved in?”
I hovered in the doorway, still unsettled and distressed.  “Not specifically, but, oh, Holmes, if you had heard the man... it was quite dreadful.  Should I have a word with Mrs. Oaks later this evening?”
“Watson, it is all right, at least you are
I burst into laughter.  “But on the subject of buttons, it is you who thinks I have a surplus.”
He would not listen to my protest.  He explained that Spencer would likely feel threatened by the presence of us both, and his reactions could be unpredictable.  And then of course, there was my temper – one of my failings – and I knew that Holmes was right.  I would find it next to impossible to stand by and remain calm while listening to the sneers and threats from that odious man.
“It was indeed,” I said.  “Now, should we take dessert, or...?”
“I am quite certain I do not,” said he, his eyebrows arched, but standing just the same.
you know so little of Gaboriau.  Well, perhaps that's for the best, as his Lecoq was a miserable bungler.”  (And so it went.)
.  What struck you as odd, when we last spoke with the woman?”
“Holmes,” I said, “why are you jittering?  Are you unwell?”
?  I saw you on the street.  I followed you.”  His tone was softer now.  “So she means nothing to you, then?”
Holmes chuckled to himself.
Holmes's next action terrified me.  He cast a leg out of the window, one hand outstretching for the drainpipe, the other anchored on the sash.  He was halfway out and rooting for a foothold in thin air when I lurched forward.
“You do not recall sending the skull, with a written message, to your cousin Eugene Dawkins, at his shop near Pall Mall?”
