Real world news: A five year old with underlying health conditions is the latest among UK victims. 4,313 dead.
“We’ll do our best. I love you very much.”
Real life: PM returns to work.
06:54 Sherlock
Sherlock gasped for breath, emotion choking his speech. "Do you?"
Sherlock nodded, eyes still taking in all the little pieces of glass everywhere. He reached up and quietly patted John twice on the shoulder in comfort.
“John, what are you doing?”
The sound of the pipes groaning cut through the sizzling bacon and boiling water.
After standing in the shower long enough to have used 85% of the hot water, Sherlock got out and returned to the bedroom to get dressed. The quiet buzz of boredom pressed against the base of his skull and his fingers tripped in agitation over the shoulders of his suits hanging in the closet. After eventually selecting one, Sherlock decided against dressing and walked out in a pair of low-slung pyjama trousers and a dressing gown. He walked out of the bedroom and into the kitchen where John seemed...busy. He nudged up behind John and nuzzled his neck, searching for a kiss. “Morning,” his voice gravelly from having woken up just a little while earlier.
Blinking, John stared after his disappearing...
Rosie nodded and repeated the words in time to her skipping. “Two fifteen. Two fifteen. Two fifteen.”
Sherlock closed his eyes and breathed deeply through his nose. “It’s nearly one o’clock.”
“Sherlock? …Sherlock? …Sherlock!”
Sherlock huffed. “Absolutely not. Anything you want to say to John, you can say to me. I’m not leaving you alone with him.”
The taxi pulled up at the crime scene in Lambeth 15 minutes later and Sherlock told the cabbie to wait and walked over to where the yellow tape strung between the tall metal fence next to the Beaconsfield Contemporary Art museum, blocking off part of the pavement that led to the black fenced area next to the building in front of the elevated train tracks that ran behind the museum. Sherlock stood in front of the tape, pulling on the disposable latex gloves John had given him the evening before. There were only a few officers posted around the scene, but Sherlock could see Lestrade and Anderson next to the body. Sherlock stepped forward to move under the when an officer coughed into his hand before grabbing the yellow tape and lifting it for him. “Mr. Holmes.”
“I miss him,” she said quietly.
“Me?” John frowned and turned to look at the picture closer. “Are you sure?”
The silence of the early morning was broken by the buzzing of Sherlock’s phone on his nightstand. The noise laboriously dragged him from sleep, his eyes slowly squinting open in the dimly lit bedroom. Next to him, John rolled over and swatted at him. “Sherlock. Phone.”
"So do I." John looked at him and unfolded his arms, reaching out and placing his hand on Sherlock's shoulder giving it a squeeze. "This is good. Us all together."
“Just go back to sleep.”
and then suddenly having him again. Then, going through everything with Mary and Eurus. Not to mention the nightmares or the manipulations or being numerously threatened, kidnapped, beaten up, shot, drugged, blown up, nearly set on fire, and dumped into a well to drown. His life was a mess. He was a mess.
Sherlock paused, his jaw clenching. He turned to Rosie. “Do you need assistance opening the package, Watson?”
18:34 John
“Where does your dad work, love?”  a voice responded from across the street.
This story concludes with the announcement and beginnings of distribution of the COVID vaccine. John is home with his family for Christmas and they are all happy and safe and re-isolating together. John is off the rota at his hospital and is taking leave. Happy Christmas, the end.
Questions, comments, and critiques are always welcome!
Sherlock winked and padded into the kitchen to adjust the temperature. John heard the beeping of the oven controls and then the beeping of the timer being reset and then a soft, “Ow.”
Sherlock looked over his shoulder at John with a slight smile. “No. But thank you for your concern. I found their disregard for spreading germs to be not up to standards, so I left.” He paused for a moment, having finished before turning around. “I think you’re right. It would be safer for us to stay in the flat. I told Lestrade such today.”
Sherlock looked between the two of them, eyes calculating. After a moment, he nodded and moved back to the chemical counter.
18:34 John
18:50 Sherlock
John shrugged and set the kettle back on its base to boil. “Kids are messy. I told you that.”
John glanced at Sherlock. “We’ll see, sweet girl. Papa and I will see what we can do.”
“I know,” Sherlock replied softly, feeling his chest and throat tighten as the tension returned. “However, if you clap extra loud, perhaps Daddy can hear you, alright?”
John stiffened, his eyes flashing open. “Get off me!” He shoved at Sherlock through the sheets, his face flushing.
15.52 John
06.57 Sherlock
06:53 Sherlock
and managed to wrangle the dough into submission. Only having to add a little bit more water, he formed it into a lumpy shape and removed his hands, heading to the sink to wash off the glumpy bits still clinging to him.
John smiled back, still kneeling on the pavement. “Thank you, love. Have a good day today.”
15.46 Sherlock
At the comment, John winced.
“Okay, Papa.” Rosie ran over to the stairs and disappeared up them.
“I do know, because I’m here. I’m right here. And I love you. Sleep, my love. I’ll be here when you wake up.”
Sherlock snuffled softly in his sleep, his hand gently caressing John’s opposite side.
He shuffled his feet towards the edge, toeing the line. All his life, he’d been toeing the line, almost being good enough, but never quite making it.
These two souls
Sherlock reached out and grabbed his arm. “Yes, you can. Just stay and talk to me, please, John. Don’t leave, please.”
Sherlock huffed. “You could at least say
John barreled out the door and it slammed shut behind him, leaving Sherlock on the stairs in his dressing gown.
John turned back to him. “No, not never mind. What do you mean ‘if you were here’ I am here. I come home every night and I have the weekends off. I’m here. We’re not having this argument again. We both agreed that we could make this job work.”
18:50 Sherlock
John smirked at him. “Whatever could he do to me?”
(See the end of the chapter for
As quarantine continues and the death rates sore, Sherlock grew steadily more depressed and struggled to look after his daughter. John grew increasingly more unavailable and Sherlock began to suspect John was cheating on him with a nurse from the hospital.
John walked over and knelt next to him, running his hands along Sherlock’s face to cup at his jawline before kissing him once, twice, three times. Their lips lingered on the last kiss, cherishing each other’s closeness. John pulled away before coming back to press two more quick kisses to Sherlock’s lips. “Have a good day. I’ll see you tonight. We’ll keep talking then, alright?”
Sherlock blinked, his face entirely blank. He blinked again, his hand tightly closed around the ring in his fist. With a slight tremor, he brought himself back online. “You—” He swallowed. “You want
15.47 Sherlock
Time takes its moments from them
Questions, comments, and critiques are always welcome!
“I’ll be up in a minute!” John trudged up the stairs, burdened with another enormous load of grocery bags full of more canned goods, boxes of pasta and tea. He unloaded them onto the floor and moved to go back downstairs. “I’ve just got a few boxes of nappies downstairs still to bring up.”
“Why, John?” Sherlock’s voice softened. “If I’m bad at it, then let me practice. I promise I’ll get better.”
He could feel Lestrade roll his eyes over the phone. “We talked about sharing where you are, Sherlock. And he’s covered in wet blue paint.”
Questions, comments, and critiques are always welcome!
They had both found themselves amidst
15.52 Sherlock
Sherlock’s eyes grew glassy, and he stifled a sob before looking incredibly alarmed at the sound that had just come from him. His shoulders shook from the effort of holding it back. He nodded rapidly, his curls bouncing. “Yes.” He choked out the response. “Yes, yes, yes, yes, John.” Sherlock reached for him, desperate for closeness; and the ring slipped from his palm and fell with a light
“I know, you’ve said that before. But I don’t see why we must lock ourselves in the flat. How long are you planning on keeping us here?”
“Yes, that’s right, because Daddy is very brave...  That’s why he’s not here right now. He’s being extremely brave and helping those who are sick and saving their lives.”
What it was they had had
Questions, comments, and critiques are always welcome!
A hand flew to Molly’s mouth, “Oh no. Oh, I’m...Did I ruin it, do you think?”
“I meant in general, John.” Sherlock pulled her back slightly, kneeling next to her. “Watson, can you see if you can tell which bag has your biscuits?”
Questions, comments, and critiques are always welcome!
24 days in quarantine
“Do you really have to go so soon? We’ve barely spoken.” Sherlock swallowed around the lump in his throat.
John moved over to Sherlock’s side of the bed and wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s waist. “I need to talk to you about the hospital.” He pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s neck. “You sure you can’t stay home?”
Sherlock smirked slightly at John’s lovestruck expression. He tilted his head and pressed a tender kiss to John’s cheek, lingering for a few seconds to whisper into his ear. “You light up my life, John Watson.”
John’s mouth dropped and he cuffed Sherlock lightly on the side of the head. “I can’t believe you. Begged, did I? Like it was such a chore for you.”
Then he’s being hauled across the table by the hand fisted in his shirt, and John’s other fist is squarely planted in his jaw.
John can’t have survived. Sherlock had seen the explosion, felt the heat, heard the screeching metal and collapsing concrete as the inferno tore through terra firma, its violent birth raging before his eyes.
"Conditioning!" The man groaned. "It was conditioning."
All three men, nestled in their creaky chairs at a well-worn table, were silent as they ate. They had nothing to say, and no wherewithal to speak if they had. Georgiy kept glancing out the window to the darkness where his barn waited, and the rolling fog that trickled through the trees like one would draw their hand through a lover’s hair. John always noticed. Mikheia scratched at his collarbone.
They were aiming to shoot, but not kill.
"And you shall have it." Sherlock said, gesturing to Angelo as he shuffled around behind the bar before leaning back in his chair, scanning the room.
"Sherlock, are you alright?" John repeated, concern filling his face. "We're almost to the hotel, only about a block away from the looks of it—"
"A liar."
“Christ...” Mortimer rubs at the back of his head. “Alright, listen. I, uh...have you heard of shapeshifters?”
“Nevertheless — I would have come here first, if only to eat or change clothes. I imagine you would have left it on the desk?”
"Yes."
It seems that John, in his heated debate, forgot to keep Sherlock from talking.
"Yes, you certainly are." Sherlock murmurs, and the fire crackles apart the gaps of silence that fills the room.
John woke with a great gasp, feeling the residue of dried tears staining his face, something he hadn't experience for almost three years.
Irene's eyes darted to John, and he knew all three had come to the same conclusion.
Sherlock eyed the bracelet in his hand.
He would understand if John didn't forgive him for a long time to come.
He feels a hand smooth over his hair.
He can feel John's gaze dart to him from where he talks with Lestrade.
"How did you do that?"
They may as well have shot
"John, there's been…we've found a body."
“Why did you kill those people?” John asks lowly.
He starts towards them, and Lestrade turns away quickly, but the doors close before the man can reach them.
"Myself, and my colleague."
“Well stop by before you leave; I’m sure she’d like the company.”
"John…listen to me."
"Well whose fault is that?"
She's been late to class before. She could be sick or running late or at the doctor's. A multitude of reasons. She probably slept in; she'd been doing that a lot lately, missing bits and pieces of class, coming in late or not at all. She was descending into one of her black moods again, Molly could tell, she knew her like the back of her hand—
“Why are you feeding off poppy blood?”
“No,” John answered, “Actually, we were classmates at Oxford. I was visiting Moscow on classified business when Sir Hoare put Felix Felixovich and myself in contact again.”
“Why didn’t you let me do it?”
"John, don't you dare!" Sherlock yelled, propping him on the floor against the bed, his head rolling back onto the duvet. Blood was already pooling into the carpet. "I'm the only one who's allowed to leave, John! Do you hear me?"
Wordlessly, Mycroft holds his lighter up, flame to tip. Sherlock makes no motion of thanks, silently inhaling as the ember begins to smoulder.
John smiles back.
John shut his eyes.
They are in the first place Sherlock can find, which isn't a coincidence. Angelo owed him a favour.
“I would like crêpes.”
The Garrideb hideout was an open secret in town, particularly due to its reputation as the closest reliable gin mill, as well as the local pig farm. As such, you could smell it miles off, and on the more rowdy nights their parties could be heard far across the sand, fires lit in the yard, guns popping off towards the stars, women laughing, dogs barking.
Like people of any age with a sense of adventure, I knew I wanted something else. There was more to life than plowing, cowtipping, and aimless joyrides in my dad's old Coupe, which we'd sheared the top off to turn into a sled years back. There was more to life than spiking punch with corn whiskey at the school dance and fooling around in the fields, fun as it was. Yet that kind of life was simple, and I could see my future as it would have been: finding a nice girl in gingham linen, marrying her, raising the next brood of wild, blond children to keep the farm open. It was a nice dream, but I wanted something bigger. And maybe one day after I'd had my fun, I'd go back and settle into the old house I was born in, and find that nice gingham girl.
Mortimer’s torch shines off the water, off the weeping stone walls damp with moss and mould, and finally rests on a bound figure in the centre of the tunnel. Pale in the bright light, pale on his own merit, with dark purple rings under his eyes, is John.
The boy's eyes narrowed. She supposed she should see him as a man because of his age, but his face looked so vulnerable, so young—
“What are you here for this time?” She asked without turning around.
"Lestrade would ring me up to solve a crime he watched occur."
“And can that attitude while you’re at it. The boss won’t mind your mouth.”
She turns, obliging an unspoken request. A red tide washes over her shoulders, its glowing bioluminescence soft in the cool churning light—an ultraviolet tattoo. He almost wants to touch it, feel the flesh raise and prickle under his fingers. At her coccyx a bluefire jellyfish nestles, defenseless and unassuming, thin drifting tentacles curling up around the vertebrae of her spine. He wonders for a delirious moment if it would sting him if he grazed it—
The fall feels eternal. Azazel must be having flashbacks. John sympathises.
“Come
"You should not be so critical, sir. Maybe if you tried it once, you'd like it."
—oh, Sherlock, uh…hello.”
Maybe he thought his mind was tricking him. Maybe Sherlock had gotten too far ahead already and they were in a country where it was better to be together than apart. Maybe it was because he knew Sherlock wouldn't wait for him, no matter how many blowjobs he got or however many times he told John he loved him (John didn't hold it against him though. Quite the opposite. He found Sherlock's impatience endearing, when it wasn't annoying him at least). Maybe he like that rush of fear that he felt as Moran stared at him and he stared back. Maybe on some level he recognised that if he drew his gun and shot, he'd either be arrested faster than a hooligan trying to pants the Queen or shot right back, and then Sherlock would be all alone.
“—I find Irene in the middle of undressing a bartender—who’d I’d been flirting with earlier, I’d might add—and stopped her before she did any more damage. All in all, it was one of the most unique first dates I’d ever been on, as she’d taken my form to do the damn thing.”
"Sherlock," John's voice was softened concern as he tracked his hands through Sherlock's unkempt hair. "Will you let me in?"
"I'm sorry, I'm sorry…it's just so awful. Tell them I didn't cry. Tell them…I didn't—I didn't—" He breaks off into sobs again and Lestrade pinches the bridge of his nose. Henry's inconvenient empathy was well-known around the station, and often a favorite of the officers to pick at, much to his disappointment.
Mary looked at him but there wasn't pity in her eyes. Something else. Concern?
It wasn’t fair.
"No one." Emma answers calmly. "Although that's usually what tends to happen in these situations. Someone's bound to get caught in the crossfires."
They met in the middle, a sweet kiss that made Shakespeare and Marlowe, Rumi and Whitman, bloom in his mind. The kiss of the tender, the aching, the unconstrained longing. He wrapped a hand around the back of Sherlock’s neck, pulling him closer, nearer. Sherlock took the hint – he always did – and drew his arms around him, pressing them together.
He feels lips at the cloth of the bag, right beside his ear. A hand softly touches his head at the back, cradling his skull.
“What, no endearments or tearful embraces goodbye?”
The cottage was quiet but for the crackling and popping of the fire and the clink of silverware. Soft light stained the wooden floor, seeping out past the windows into the foggy night, its fingers unable to touch the face of the walnut grove, which lay burrowed in wet wind and dampness.
They head back to the lobby so John can dress the small cut on the side of Sherlock's neck where he hit the wall. Sherlock sits on their bed, looking so lost in that great space, and doesn't move as John presses the plaster to his skin. John kisses it afterwards, like his mum used to. Sherlock grasps the back of his head and turns to him so he can kiss him and John complies easily. He's glad this Sherlock is back.
John groaned. He didn't think he'd ever touch the drivers again if this was what they led to.
He couldn't move. He just stared at the fire.
"He might be in shock." Lestrade offers. "Do angels go into shock?"
"It's an antibiotic cream." Sherlock explained without having to ask. "Mycroft may as well have prepared for the apocalypse with the way he's stocked this house. Mikheia, can you get a few extra boxes of gauze? It's down in the basement on the third shelf."
He had promised to take John driving, so the next night they journeyed up through the winding hills and dark backroads. John rolled his window down, putting himself nearly halfway out of it, the wind brushing against his face, his hair, moonlight shining off his sunglasses. It brought a smile to Sherlock’s face, watching the ridiculous man hang his head out of the car like a dog going on a ride.
"Uh, yes. Several times."
"Backup unit to the Roadhouse effective immediately."
"Yes, thank you Anderson, you can go host your fake psychic line with useless information like that and stop being an utter waste of space and my time."
“Does it matter?” John mutters irately, sitting back down.
(See the end of the chapter for
will never be one of them."
You remember that look don't you? That look on his face before you passed out from sheer happiness (and maybe more than a little blood loss)? That look you thought was the last thing you'd ever see of him and you were happy, so happy, because you saw him one last time. Your last wish, fulfilled.
A low series of disapproving tutting sounds from behind them and they whirl around.
"Well…alright, then. Good." John finished lamely, the fire leaving his argument as Sherlock kissed the pulse point right in the soft underside of his jaw, next to an assortment of healing knife marks that now looked like someone had tried to connect a constellation.
Time is funny — since I last posted I've moved halfway across the world, and still managed to start a new story without finishing the last! Here's hoping we see the end to this one.
He’s heard a multitude of things over these few hours, shouting, murmuring, the banging of objects, but nothing seems to hit Sebastian Moran hard enough to break him. He wants nothing more than to go into that room and break him, rip him apart like a piece of paper until nothing is left but confetti and then he’ll burn it to ash. But not before he gets what he wants out of him. Not before he knows where John is, if he’s alive.
"Who are you?"
A great hollow relief sweeps through him. John is not lying in white sheets stained red with blood. John is not sleeping awake with blank eyes.
He dreamed of his soldier, there in the fire. Saw his silhouetted form stand in the flames as smoke billowed around him, saw him standing there as he burned away to ash that scattered into the air. He reached out a hand, he called for Sherlock as if he was welcoming him home, and just as Sherlock reached him, he collapsed in a pile of ash. There'd been no body. No empirical proof that he'd ever existed—
An hour and ten minutes left. The yakuza, if anything, were at least adherent to structure; they would eliminate a power imbalance quickly, especially one that managed tripped them up from the inside. He had taken out the leader of the lower brothers; they’d be out for blood, not to mention the money he’d taken, but they wouldn't find either.
The suite is silent. Traffic sounds through an open window somewhere.
“It stimulates blood flow. I felt my face heat up, I can’t believe I didn’t notice it…”
"Kojih je jedan?"
John didn’t say anything as he stepped forward. They never did when they came back together. He held out his hands, open, but not reaching, and Sherlock met him in the middle, staring down at him as he took John’s gloved hands in his own. Their height difference never really bothered him, although at times he did wish he were a little taller, if not to be so imposed upon all the time by the stupid git he called his husband. When he
Silence.
He looks back out into the night, surreptitiously pocketing the cigarettes. A thin layer of steam rises from the cooling road, swirling pink under the neon lights.
"It's alright, he's a doctor."
? A, ah, criminal?”
He had been wrong; Harry had taken the car to the forest, that had been true, but when she bit him, Billy must have struggled, further lodging her teeth into his artery. The blood would have come fast, too fast, and Harry was never good at thinking things through. Her reflexes would kick in, and she held him tighter, pumping venom into his bloodstream as it raced to an adrenaline-fueled heart.
John was speaking with the attending doctor, who had quickly thrown a cloak over his nightclothes after he was called from his bed. As the old man stooped to motion to the bloody, gaping hole where the man's throat had once been, indicating the direction of the slice that had led to his untimely demise, their eyes met. Their bond trilled with a faint, warbling tremor. For a moment, everything was as it had been: himself and John, hounds scenting blood in the air. He hungered then, for the night, for its secrets, the unknown quantities it was hiding from them.
“We are
per se, but his existence had been called into question, and here he was doing bloody
But he does not say these things. He knows better. He's learned that they are A Bit Not Good.
"You meant more to Sherlock that he would ever admit. I wish to thank you for your…companionship."
"Don't bring Sherlock into this—"
"We need coffee." Sherlock says, closing the door to the storage unit. Gladstone lifts his head and whines as he recognises him.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Sherlock? What's wrong?"
Sherlock wakes to John’s face peering down at him.
While he's second in line for who's responsible for the first human corruption (Nachash, the snake, being first in Hebrew lore), in the Hebrew tale, God commands that Azazel should be bound "hand and foot and cast into the darkness: and make an opening in the desert – which is in Dudael – and cast him therein. And place upon him rough and jagged rocks, and cover him with darkness, and let him abide there forever, and cover his face that he may not see light.”
This game with Moriarty that was saturated with blood.
That had Sherlock's attention. His eyes flicked up to John's face before settling back down, a small, melancholic smile coming to his face.
"It's not so much me as you. You stole him…tainted him. He
As the light fades and his sight returns, the skull is no longer in the bowl. Nothing is in the bowl. The feather is gone, as is the pipe, held in the sinewed palm of a fresh new hand. And the skull, the skull is nowhere to be seen. Instead, instead there is only one thing lying before them.
, now, understand?"
. He’d designed it beautifully, of course, as no one would see it but him, so he had only himself to please. He walked down oaken parquet floors, smooth and shining immaculately under his bare feet, each step lighting the way ahead of him, until the narrow hall widened into the Enlightenment Room.
“So how do you know what it is? How do you know what anything here is? If Sheol is all heat and darkness, how do you even know who
"How many steps are there?"
He couldn't feel fear now. He wouldn't let it cloud his rationale. It wasn't worth the cost.
Sherlock now walks into the warehouse, John beside him, and for the first time in his life he feels moved by art, a stirring in his chest that feels like a ray of light strumming along his sternum, bright and warm. He feels as if the world has shifted under his feet, as if a blood-hot fist has wrapped around his lungs and squeezed the air out.
Moriarty laughed against the snow, spitting a mouthful of blood onto the slush.
"Where did I go wrong?" He enquires, all too familiar with the situation.
In that moment, Sherlock Holmes realized, with utter certainty, that he had loved and was in love with John, wholly and absolutely, for he had the shattering thought that if he never saw John again, if he never spoke to him, if he died thinking of a fleeting memory and never had a happy day for the rest of his life, he would be alright if it meant that John existed still, somewhere. If that existence didn’t include the mortal realm, fine, if only it was an
“I’ve got it.”
“How else?” Sherlock shrugged. “I took the train from Warsaw.”
Sherlock pursed his lips. "I thought that you would notice without my pointing it out."
Suddenly John stops completely.
“Yeah,” she grins. “Sentiment.”
Other photos I took can be found here (http://imgur.com/a/lGgQs). Sorry for the repeats!
"Watson! We know you're here!" A voice shouted, scratched and scraped to roughness by a poorly controlled cigarette addiction. "You want the boy alive then you show your face!"
"I hope you're right, sir."
"Better, yeah?" John asked quietly, lacing their gloved hands together.
And yet…John wouldn’t allow it. He knew it was because of the great transgression, the Norway fiasco, when he had reacted without thinking, imagining John, wanting her to be John, John, who had stopped talking to him, who had nothing of himself that he wanted to share anymore, who had turned away and let their bond trickle to next to nothing, leaving him no choice but to seal it off in a dramatic, impulsive act of cauterization. It had been like being handcuffed to a brick wall; the words had stopped coming, and the praise, and the appreciation, no more smiles, no laughter, all the brightness washing out of the world – John had not been the only one to suffer. He had suffered too, in his own way.
"They?"
“How do you know?”
"Most likely the latter." Sherlock sniffed. "Mycroft sent someone en route to Novgorod to watch them, although I am apprehensive as to whether they were successful."
"Anyways, my undermining of your perfectly adequate mental capacity did nothing to quell how I felt about you, as well as your superiority. Your unworthiness of me morphed itself into my unworthiness of you, and I told myself that you would never truly feel the way you do for me. I felt like I could live like Atlas if it meant I could see you every day. After I left, I felt like everything had collapsed onto me, the whole universe, and I managed to pull myself out of the wreck even though it meant leaving you behind. I think I may have died on some level, but of course that's insignificant since I'm breathing and talking and all that…"
“What?” Sherlock asked, stepping back, readying for the dismissal, the closure, another cold night. “What is it? Did–”
“John.” He answered, thinking, reaching around for his violin. “Always good to note your many criticisms.”
Lazy kisses became harder, became forceful, became hot. Skin to shirt became skin to skin as what little clothes John was wearing melted off to settle into pools on the floor, Sherlock's own soon stripped from him and joining the pile. Hands drifted and grazed and grasped and pulled with rising insistency. Sherlock felt like his heart might burst, even though he knew the risk of that happening was impossibly high. Suddenly the room grew cold, his skin was too hot, his hair awkwardly stuck to his temples, he felt gangly...he was limbs, all limbs, tangled with John, and every part of him was in the way. Every part of him was too hot, too bare, too open and exposed...John would sooner laugh at him than fuck him, and he certainly didn't deserve him in either scenario.
"You are certain Mr. Holmes and Mr. John will not miss us?" Mikheia asked, sitting down across from her.
"I told him of course. That's the only way to get anything done these days. I don't like to play games much."
He heard John laugh, a quick exhale through his nose. “I don’t think that’s quite true, darling. I’m one of many; I know it’s hard to see that now.”
their landlady for a hug before going back upstairs without another word.
"I can't take you with me. That's what I fear in the world. There isn't enough
He couldn't.
"Sherlock?" He calls again, breaking out into a trot, glancing into every open door on either side of him as he runs down the hall. Look right. Empty. Look left. Empty. Right. Empty. Left. Empty.
"Yes," Sherlock nodded, "You'd said as much the first time I proposed. Yet here we are."
“It was a brief stop. I was on my way to meet you in Heidelberg.”
“What wine do you want?”
John bit back a groan as cool water flooded through him. It felt like blood was surging back into sleeping limbs. He felt his body bloom back to life, reconnect back to his brain, and settle into soft stillness. He let out a slow exhale before breathing back in, marvelling at the sudden calm.
“It...this isn't your final act, right?”
"Then see that you do so."
“Yeah, I do, actually. Salt shakers.”
"I am
—what are you doing to him?"
this more. He should be feeling so urgently anxious that insults would be flying around the room at this point a million miles an hour.
“Look to your friends, Sherlock Holmes.”
." His voice is low and hollow, seeming to come from everywhere and nowhere all at once, and it makes something inside Sherlock want to crawl into itself and shrink away in submission.
"I don't know if it's entirely conceivable to you, but we have powers—we don't like to use them often, but we do—and I can destroy you where you sit as easily as crushing an ant. Some Watchers wouldn't even bat an eye either."
"I didn't know at the time." Sherlock corrected as John stumbled to the sink to wash the blood off his arm. "I knew later, after the fact—"
"That was the only day that really counted."
She hesitates, and doesn’t answer, toying with a gold chain that disappears under the blanket.
"What is the agency?"
"Love has nothing to do with this—"
Sherlock's begun to work through the video files to find any trace of Moriarty. John doubts that he will, especially after today, but keeps his opinion to himself. He'd rather not have a row before bed.
Getting in was no problem. It was nearly empty at this hour anyways, between masses. All he had to do was take a side glance and slip into a side door. He pulled the bill of his cap lower, casting shadows over his face. The instructions the agency had sent him led him to a small, narrow stairwell and he climbed, clutching his bag tightly so the contents wouldn't rattle and give him away.
are two completely different things.
Mikheia turned at the quietness of Sherlock's voice.
Of course. He was an idiot.
She didn’t know what she hated more: him, or the fact that she could never tell him no.
"Well?"
Now you heart is cold
Gotta wait
"You shouldn't be doing that." John said, eyeing the lit cigarette caught between Sherlock's long fingers.
"Surely not everything."
"Sherlock, are you sure this is wise?"
He turns at her voice.
"But...what am I gonna do with an empty gun? You may as well give me a fish."
And unto him my Guide: "Why criest thou too?"
John managed to bring his eyes up to Sherlock, who looked as if he'd been gutted of everything, like every important organ and impulse and thought that he'd ever had suddenly left him, casting his whole soul out to drown alone in open water.
He stops as a breathless laugh cuts through the room. He and Sherlock slowly turn their heads to look at Moran, who is laughing so hard his eyes are tearing up.
." Sherlock murmured, placing an open-mouthed kiss on it. "If anything it highlights your features, your lovely bone structure, instead of detracting from it—"
"Enough to share?"
Harry frowns, but moves forward and takes John’s head in her hands. His seizure flares, shaking the seat to its foundations as he struggles against what can only be the source: Nachash.
John swipes his card and opens the door. The room is still, save for the castle of Prague looming in the window, outlined in the soft glow of darkening evening. Mycroft’s compensation for a job well done was recuperation in a five star spa that neither of them wanted. Some stains were stuck in the skin so deep that warm baths couldn’t wash it out.
“He only stayed a week—” Their host offered.
“I’m sorry, John, I’m sorry—”
"Dammit, Sherlock!" John sighed, running a hand through his hair. Mary and Mikheia appeared out of the crowd, "Just…just stay out of trouble, yeah?"
He's suddenly so tired, crashing down hard in that little bathroom, and his eyes are dragging shut, his cheek pressed against the side of the tub.
"My sister's hair is brown." The boy said calmly. "My mother's is red."
There, pinpoints hanging from the belltower, are John’s shoes, knotted together.
That was also very bad.
“Oh, don’t play coy. We both know you went to see him. Honestly, it’s not like you have the most subtlety when your pets are involved.”
horse. I don't believe it was
"Martha? Martha can you hear me?"
“Oh yes, he’s a faceless lackey for the government, which is where he takes after Mycroft, and is astoundingly precocious, which is where he takes after me.”
"For what it's worth," he said, "I'm sorry as well."
"Now, I need coffee—or more preferably, tea—and the coroner's report, in that order."
, you great idiot.”
She closed her eyes for a moment, relishing the thrumming in her chest that meant she was awake—alive but shaken—then opened her eyes.
?" John nearly screeched as Sherlock softly licked around the head of his cock and he felt the blood pound in his skull like he was standing next to a subwoofer.
"What do you mean?"
He sits curled up in John’s chair, knees tucked into chin. His limbs ache with stagnancy and he can’t shake the feeling that he needs to be doing something, but he can’t quite bring himself to leave. Gladstone lies at his feet, his great body stretching before the fireplace. Mrs Hudson fainted when she saw him.
Sherlock was immune to his affections, refused his attention, drew into himself and left John outside to freeze; when the nights became longer he shut off their connection, and that had hurt John the most. Even without the romance, the sex, he still had present and consistent intimacy with their bond, and when it was gone he felt as if he had failed, utterly and completely, and he was gutted by his inability to reach the one person who really mattered. The introduction of Irene Adler had not helped, and the light that appeared in Sherlock’s eyes after she came around stung with a precise and deep wound. She was fixed to his side at all the dinners, the ceremonial events, grouped head to head as they conspired over what, John didn’t know. Everyone spoke of how good they looked together, and John began to believe it.
"Should I expect this to be an everyday occurrence?" He asks, smiling as he steps around Sherlock's splayed legs. "Because, no offence, your chair doesn't really suit me."
Head already beginning to loll on her shoulders, she makes a feeble effort to move, but settles for opening her eyes.
“Maybe he’s defective.” Sherlock suggested with a pique of something close to eagerness.
After Lestrade dismissed them from the crime scene, his head had been buzzing with ideas. The swatches of paint on the dead man's chest were thick, but not more so than any female with large fingers…of course the lines could have been interrupted by his heart attack. And what's more it correlated with the lines on Jane Samson, so the same hands had painted each body—this killer was right handed of course—plus they liked to work with paint, which bespoke more of a creative background than anything else; this killer was apt to have multiple jobs and last a very short time at each before moving on. Low attention rate perhaps, or a discomfort with anything routine or familiar. They were disillusioned easily. They liked to wander. That added up to a reasonable bet that they had within themselves some sort of hero complex; they wanted to change the world and, frustrated by their lack of doing anything important, they turned to the other extreme. Make people notice them. Make them listen. How do you do that? Kill lots of people. Make them fear you. They'll pay attention then.
Above him, as the current carries them away through icy water, he can see the garage burning, a sun in the middle of the night, a fallen star brought down to earth. Its brothers twinkle in the night sky, like an audience watching from the balconies.
Pain had consumed every cell in his body, his arms straining until they were numb, his chest curling into itself even more, tightening his lungs and making his heart pound. It was getting harder to breathe.
"Perhaps," Sherlock says snidely, hands shoved in his pockets, "it was the fact that he just had a foul-mouthed angel, a gigantic hellhound, and an insomniac demon hunter all in one cab."
I'm not alone,
John says nothing, but looks up, and Sherlock follows his line of vision.
After Mycroft leaves, Sherlock questions John in ways that would make the Spanish Inquisition proud, and John responds with his usual calmness. No, Mycroft just wanted to talk. He didn't offer me anything. I wouldn't have said yes if he did. Are you hungry?
Mikheia frowned.
But as much as John respected Sherlock and all his eccentricities and privacy issues, John was curious, he was finally answering the call and killing the cat, and Sherlock couldn't stop him.
The club song (not sorry in any way, shape, or form): "Monster" - Kanye West - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2kWuOUijAbc
"I can't leave for the same reason that you're here. The geniuses had their run already and now it's our turn, I suppose, although not many people ever tune in for the sidekicks."
"S-sorry," John wheezes, wiping at his eyes. "Sorry, just the imagery of it all is—ha—it's so funny—a desert…in
Sherlock doesn't respond but still the possibility lingers.
He was awake now, and that meant no going back to sleep. He had always had that problem, ever since Afghanistan, spending countless nights waking up in the middle or near the end and staying up until his day was supposed to begin, getting by on hours of sleep when he needed more, always needed more.
Harry stares at him then, and her pity makes him want to shut the door and forget that this night has happened.
“How so?”
“He must have been good at that.”
“You love me.” He says quietly.
Stick around for the next and final chapter, then the epilogue!
"What? Were you expecting an open invitation?" John teases. "I'd have thought the request was enough, didn't know it needed engravings. Do you want me to set a date too or—"
"Oh," Sherlock grinned. "I imagine you'll find a way to put it to good use."
“He has a great interest in my wife. I met with him recently at Golovina House; he professed to me many times that he wishes to meet her. She’s in Crimea at the moment, but he need not know that.”
“Thank you for talking to him Irene, but our relationship doesn’t need yours projected over it. Stop using Sherlock as a proxy to fight whatever quarrel you have with your wife; you should go now.”
“Bingo. And the answer, the one that you don’t want to think about it because it makes no sense in that intricate mass of cogs in your skull, the one that will drive you mad, in the end, is why you’ve allowed me to get as far as I have, and make no mistake Holmes, I understand the difference between being clever enough to beat you and being ruthless enough to destroy you. That answer is why Watson went on that swim in the Thames and it’s why you took yourself and your DI buddy on a chase after some fucking junkie blueblood, a mediocre reporter, and a saltshaker when we both know that deep down, you knew it was all a dead-end but went on anyways because it was a distraction from that empty space in your bed and the idea of a man who loved you that could have filled it.
Sherlock appeared in the doorway to the living room with a sheepish expression on his face. “I appear to have stepped on some glass.”
The sight of the warm bread coming out of oven in that episode caused his stomach to rumble and his mouth to water. He paused the episode and quickly researched bread recipes he could try. After some speedy googling, John came across Paul Hollywood’s Cottage Loaf recipe. Skimming it, it seemed relatively simple. They had most of the ingredients – John googled if butter could be substituted for lard. It could. – and it didn’t require any fancy equipment. He could definitely do this. Which is how Sherlock discovered him in the kitchen, having sanitized the table within an inch of his life, half covered in flour.
“I know.” Sherlock murmured back, pressing a kiss to the top of his head.
“I merely wanted to offer my congratulations to yourself and my brother upon your partnership.” Mycroft held a cup in Sherlock’s general direction. Sherlock failed to look up from the book until John nudged him and he hummed and stretched out his hand, still not looking up. Mycroft sighed and placed the china cup into Sherlock’s fingers. “I do hope your both are adjusting well to your new life statuses?”
“Case.” Sherlock moved swiftly to the dresser and started to change clothes.
Chapter Summary:
Sherlock took a deep breath and looked down at Rosie in his arms. “I think your father has lost his mind.”
“Must we fight over this, John? It’s been nine days since I’ve last seen you.” Sherlock’s voice quieted.
“You don’t have to. Clearly, you’re still hungry.” John waved a hand at him. “Just eat or whatever and come to bed when you’re done.”
“And what do you know about how relationships work, Sherlock?” John snipped back at him. “You’ve never been in one before.”
Sherlock tilted his head back to peer up at John in the darkness. “Will you?”
I will not continue writing for this story, but I had concepts of what would happen. I think the pandemic became much larger than any of us really anticipated and so it is with great resolve that I conclude this story how I can and put it to rest.
Rather than interrupt, as this had been on the label when he’d made the purchase, John locked the door and headed into the kitchen. He reminded himself that they
Just thinking about a doctor’s office gave him a bit of a shiver. He’d seen too many doctors.
“The police concluded, based on the scene, that the previous murders had been carried out by two individuals working in tandem, rather than by two like-minded individuals separately.”
“John,” Sherlock said, a worried whine taking over his usual deep voice.
But this was different.
jobs.”
When John started to jerk backwards, two strong hands held him still for a second. Then two strong arms threaded around his middle, and Sherlock scooped him up and out of the worst of the mess.
say is that I am understanding the wolf physiology to be similar but different to humans, drawing from Jupiter_Ash's source material for that, as well as my own body's tendency to be that 3% of the population that gets whatever odd side effect they don't expect you to get from taking a specific drug. In this instance, Mycroft has jump-started Sherlock's metabolism by a method he learned via trial-and-error during the... shall we say the heyday of Sherlock's drug usage.
“Please,” Sherlock sneered. “Milton careened in here relatively under his own volition.”
Of course, John thought, of course this today.
The word spread through the air in the sitting room, like a puff of sewer gas emitting from a trap.
“What… what was that awful noise?” John asked as he regained his breath.
Once Milton was carted off, the PCO at their door excused herself. It might have been that she was no longer necessary, or it might have been Sherlock’s sniping that she really ‘ought to get that rash checked out, it’s not mysterious, it’s likely herpes’. John wanted to leave the room at that point. The teacup in his hand was the only thing keeping him from either blowing up or breaking down. Their argument from before the officers arrived was echoing loudly in his head, like the ring off from an explosion. The number of people flitting about made the flat seem less secure than it normally did, and John…
He stared at the phone.
“What’s wrong, John?” Sherlock demanded. Warm hands searched him, and Sherlock ducked his head to sniff at John’s hair.
“What’s the bloody point?” John sighed. He rubbed his forehead against the headache that was suddenly looming over him,
Sherlock didn’t bother to answer that. “Focus, Lestrade,” he replied instead. “Why are you here?”
“Honestly, Lestrade, you’d be better off having his shirt sent away to find out whose blood is all over him.”
“Sherlock, they are capable of doing their jobs. It’s why they’ve
Sherlock froze at the sight of the bandages, half-done with John’s clothing and not started on his own. That was as much of a bucket of cold water thrown on John’s desire as the harsh demand of, “What are
“I know your measurements,” Sherlock replied, eyes taking a path down his body appreciatively, “and you spend so much time sleeping that any idiot could place an online order.”
“I’m not refusing to use it,” John said, working at one of the marks intently. “I’m just not really used to carrying one.”
The man seemed to sneer, but it was hard to tell behind the door. “Get ‘im to cut out the racket. Some of us have bloody jobs to get to.”
John hid his frown at that question. It was not uncommon for psych evals to be detrimental to a soldier. John had known a few career soldiers that had ended up behind desks because of the wrong answers being given in a moment of stress. Telling the truth could end a career, and though John had no love for the Colonel, he wasn’t sure what it would mean for an officer like him to lose his job. John could even understand the sentiment. Before his own injury, before Sherlock, the army hadn’t just been a job, it was his life. The army had his friends and colleagues, and had been a better family in some respects than the one he had been born into.
“You gone bloody domestic, Sherlock?” Milton demanded.
Sherlock lowered his lips to John’s neck, making a negating noise and rolling his hips against John’s.
"No," John replied, sighing as he pulled his own gown on. He was reminded by the entire conversation that he didn't really
he can spare me. Now
The number of people in and out of the flat was unacceptable, but the rational part of Sherlock’s mind knew it was far safer to abide their presence than it was to throw them all out. Throwing them out would require a call to Mycroft to sort out the mess, and beyond the annoyance of it, Sherlock refused to turn for help. He and John could manage just fine on their own.
“Considering you’d be collecting two mafia cleaners from the streets, I think you can make an exception this once.”
Milton grumbled. “All of this is your fault!”
I am not overly fond of Charles, but that doesn't mean there's not plenty to love about him. To every wolf, a purpose.
There were places in John’s memory that he didn’t go, things he didn’t think about. But there were triggers that could be tripped, like a Humvee crossing an IED, and apparently Sherlock talking about other people - other lovers or sex partners or-- good lord, John couldn’t
After breakfast they were escorted to the hall again to collect anything that had been left behind and to take care of getting their bedding into laundry bags. Then those coming off were taken to a larger bunk room. This one seemed almost like a normal barracks. There were rows of bunk beds lined up, some empty and some with bedding already on them. There were at least seven other men somewhere, or so the dressed beds indicated. In one corner there was a couch with a television and a remote that had been attached to the wall. There were two guys seated on the couch, both at opposite ends, and a third that was standing a foot behind it as they watched something that wasn’t playing loudly enough to be really made out. In the opposite corner were a couple chairs and a bookshelf.
It was the only thing that had managed to call Mycroft himself out of the foulest mood he had ever been in, and just as it had worked on one brother it worked on the other.
No, who obviously knew
“What?” Sherlock snapped.
John went over to the couch anyway, and went about the mundane process of cleaning the gashes on Milton’s face. “Still a doctor,” he reminded Sherlock. There was nothing to be done about the broken nose, the man would have to deal with that himself. Really, they ought to get him to an A&E. Whatever drugs the man had been given…
Mycroft didn’t reply to that.
According to the file, after the attack on the hospital in Kandahar - blamed on terrorists, which was close enough really - John had been held in captivity in Iran. He had recovered somewhat, and then managed to make his escape, and had headed to Turkey. There he fell ill again and was hospitalized, barely conscious, for several months. Once he'd regained consciousness he indicated he was a Brit, and the consulate had been called.
The vividness of it captured John each time his eyes slid shut, until the moon faded, and sleep took him properly into his arms.
John had no real idea what to do with that. Thankfully Connie was better versed at the whole thing. She shuffled over and crawled into his lap. John’s slight chill went away, and the sudden warmth was enough that he was nodding off almost as soon as Connie found her comfortable spot to sleep in.
“That’s not the whole story.”
This was not the sort of sobering behavior that would be of any use to an intoxicated human, but Sherlock’s body would be working in Mycroft’s favor on this.
In response, Sherlock took his lips with a needy growl. The kiss was heated, and the warmth of it and the warmth of Sherlock’s skin against his finally cast off the last of the chill of the nightmare.
have a cup of tea. John wasn’t surprised, but the man looked too exhausted to do much other than arrest them, and quite literally they had done nothing wrong.
Instead they were standing. John sipped his tea again - a second, fresher cup - and waited.
Stamford’s expression fell to one of sympathy, and John shook his head with a little chuckle. “I’m sorry, mate, I-”
For a moment, John just stared at his mate’s bare ass as it disappeared into the sitting room. Then he realized that Sherlock had every intention of answering the door in all six feet of his birthday suit. He thought back to the defiant stance of his mate when addressing the scientists in their private prison, and he wondered if it was a wolf thing to be confrontational like that, or if there was something that he did not know about the his mate’s relationship with the Sergeant.
For a moment, John stared at the sergeant, confused as to what waiting would accomplish, and then his torso decided to remind him of the fight the day before the way his head had. He sighed and gestured for the sergeant to come along with him, and they creaked their way slowly back up the stairs.
“Listen here, Watson,” Detective Spoon grumbled, “I want to know where you were last night.”
“What she said-?
“So she what, dominates him?”
“How do you mean?” John asked, glancing back at the little alley. There was something there that Sherlock could see that he couldn’t.
Sherlock scowled at him. A still-detached part of John wondered how many more facial expressions Sherlock had in his arsenal to express displeasure. The still-agitated part of John didn’t give a flying fig.
Temperance's expression cracked into a smile that led to a chuckle. Charles gave John a second look and then frowned, obviously not finding anything worth commenting on when it came to similarities. Beyond that they were blond, John didn't either, but he was amused by the discomfort it caused the posh looking man.
“Sleep, John,” Sherlock said, wrapping a protective arm around him and kissing the top of his head.
The dream came upon him sudden and swift.
Now she… well.
The sudden wash of feeling had overwhelmed him, plain and simple. Their connection made the feelings stronger than reason or thought, putting Sherlock entirely out of himself, but it was only a few moments of that bottomless feeling before the wolf took over and there was steel in his veins again. The wolf took care of him during the worst of the rush, but the surging strength within him was more focused on John than on the fight. Sherlock scrambled free of his assailants without bothering to punish them properly for what they had done to John and he hurried home as quickly as he was able.
"I must warn you, John," Mycroft said as Anthea fixed a falsified treatment bracelet around John’s wrist, "this will not be comfortable for you."
Sherlock made a soft noise, and tightened his grip on John. “I… did not follow you.”
John stared at the phone.
It would have been easier if the cabinet was in any way organized and not crammed full of more detritus of a similar sort to what had possession of the living room and every surface of the flat except the bed (and to be honest that had only gotten cleared off after they had arrived for very obvious recreational reasons).
Sherlock didn’t restrain his projected feelings. Whatever was strongest to him, he transmitted, and John had no notion of why that might be. He was intelligent, viciously so, and staggeringly independent.
Blinking against the bright light from the overheads, John tried to make sense of what was around him.
Greg excused himself to check in with the EMT that Doctor Watson was, indeed, clear to go home. Sherlock waited, almost patiently, hovering around Watson like a honeybee to a flower.
Mycroft only hummed out a wordless response to his brother’s barb. Sherlock would not like to hear Mycroft’s thoughts just then.
Temperance was an accountant. Charles worked in information technology in Bristol. Charles gave no further comment on that, but from the shifting of Mycroft did in his seat with his teacup, John was fairly certain that the two had known each other before Temperance had chosen her mate.
John.
“How was the run, then?” John asked.
The sergeant’s mouth snapped shut as he looked at the contents of their bedroom.
With a degree of indulgence that John was surprised by, Sherlock did as he was asked, turning for the closet and doing away with yesterday’s clothes with no preamble.
All John offered in reply was, “It worked.”
I was unhappy with last week's delay of posting and the chapter ending up in this week, so here's chapter 9.
“If that will be all,” Sherlock prompted, brushing the phone off and securing it in a pocket.
That was an utterly ridiculous thought.
Just as John’s stomach was starting to question when there might be food returning to the equation, arguing could be heard from the hall.
“He lacks the ability to outsmart me.”
“You make looking after you such a chore, Sherlock,” Temperance sighed. She looked at John. “You will come and visit, won’t you?”
The vigilance was reassuring to John, though. Even if he wouldn't voice it out loud, in his head he could admit that he wasn't looking forward to another medical facility. The unsteady feeling got worse as soon as the hospital smell caught in his nose. John had spent most of the last six months in places with similar chemical clean smells, and Sherlock had been the only bright spot.
(See the end of the chapter for
"We need really good sheets," John said, trying to catch his breath.
If there was some reaction from the sergeant to that, the man didn’t voice it. Instead there was the sound of footsteps and the sergeant headed over to the couch.
Stamford laughed at that, and nodded. “The wife’s got me on a diet, it’s been a while since I heard anything polite about it.”
“He took at least a few blows
“That seems a little far-fetched,” the sergeant replied.
Sherlock said with a sigh.
“That’s new,” John said, staring at it. Paying attention to his hand made the twitching stop, which was-
I of fornicating with his sister.”
That surprised Sherlock.
, John. Certainly not Lestrade. I have a pack, and I have you.” Belligerent, Sherlock tightened his arms on John and nibbled his neck.
A heart has ever won
06.57 Sherlock
Real life: Dexamethasone can be officially used to treat patients.
Rosie nodded. “We’re clapping for Daddy.”
His jaw opened to ask The Question, but almost immediately decided against it,
18:35 Sherlock
“I think you’re overreacting, John.” Sherlock reached a hand towards him and rested it gently on his shoulder, giving it a squeeze. “I know you care about us and you’re concerned. But this seems… like a lot. They say it’s just like the flu.”
John stops by Baker Street to say hello from afar.
“Git,” John muttered fondly as he plated the bacon, eggs, and honeyed-toast. He took one last deep breath before turning back to the table to face the man he loved. The light shone across Sherlock’s face, making his pale eyes glitter and dark hair reflect back. The sight caught John, faltering his steps. A grin broke across his face, and he thought
“Should have talked about it last night. I have to go.” Sherlock sat on the side of the bed and pulled on his socks.
06.54 John
“We don’t have enough masks already, so I can’t send you some to figure that out.” John sighed.
Away without even knowing
Sherlock met his gaze.
“It looks painful.” Sherlock peered at it. “Would those lines be uniform across healthcare workers or does it vary based on the brand of mask?”
Placing the food in their respective spots, he sat next to Sherlock, reached into his pocket for the ring with one hand, and took Sherlock’s left hand with the other.
It couldn’t have been more perfect. John grinned widely to himself as he walked up to Sherlock’s side. After pulling out the ring, he placed it in the center of Sherlock’s palm and got down on one knee.
19:54 John
“I don’t feel the same.”
“I am not trying to be cruel. I do care for him.” John met Mycroft’s gaze. “I love him.”
“Don’t call me that.” Sherlock stepped towards the body; head tilted as he examined the blue prone form.
“Why is Papa making weird noises?” Rosie was giving them a look as she took a bite of her toast.
"I like how things are." Sherlock relaxed somewhat.
“It says to create 8 slices and you’ve done 10 times.”
“Storage unit? We don’t even have an ID on him yet!” Lestrade called after him.
18:53 Sherlock
. It was humiliating, asking for a hug. Like a child. Ridiculous. Nonsense. John shook his head and stood stiffly, moving towards the wardrobe.
Sherlock attempts a crime scene before John leaves for work.
Sherlock tilted his head in reluctant acquiesce.
"I know you do. I know." John murmured between them.
Sherlock stepped behind him and wrapped his arms around John’s waist, resting his chin against John’s shoulder. “Don’t worry. The news is just sensationalizing this. It’ll all blow over soon.” He pressed a kiss to John’s neck. “Come drink your tea and I’ll rub your feet if you want.”
“Morning.” John watched him. “What was all that about? Another body exploded?”
Sherlock gave him a look. “Why do you have servants if you don’t use them?”
18:35 John
“Sherlock, from what I’m looking at my first guess would be this fellow was drowned in paint, but dumped here, will you come?”
John was giving breakfast to Rosie when Sherlock came pounding up the stairs, heading straight to the loo. “Morning… Sherlock?”
Once his daughter was settled, Sherlock turned his attention back to disinfecting the groceries and to John. “With all due respect, John. As her father, I am authorized to make these kinds of decisions. Do not doubt my choices.”
The bright morning light seeping through his windows woke Sherlock slowly. Soft stretching, yawning, sinking further into the warmth of the bed… His eyes opened suddenly, and his hand flew out next to him, landing on empty mattress. He sat up and twisted, eyes searching, scanning, for any sign the bed had contained another occupant besides himself. Refusing to believe what his eyes were telling him, Sherlock wrapped himself up in the sheet and staggered out of bed, his legs still waking up, and into the kitchen. With a glance at the kitchen table, his eyes saw, resting in the middle of the table, the letter John had written. The letter which told him in no uncertain terms that he was no longer a part of John’s life and to never come near him again. He would never see John’s beautiful blue eyes. He would never hear his voice again. Would never have him close ever again… Sherlock immediately sank to his knees with a low cry of pain, crumpling into himself. His forehead rested against the edge of the thin rug on the floor, his body trembling with a sudden chill.
Artemisia sighed. “
“It feels like someone’s fucking twisted my arm off, what do you think?” John snaps before closing his eyes and breathing in deeply through his nose. “Sorry. Sorry…this just—it hurts. A lot. I’d rather it be over with.”
"It's so hard, Sherlock—for me." He begins softly. "You have to understand that. Something needs to click in that brain of yours so you understand." He pauses, trying to verbalise what's he's thinking. "It's hard for me, because you're here, you're
The two now sat at the tiny table that they had crammed into the kitchen so long ago, before the schism split the gulf between them and that bitter black longing poured in until it overflowed. Two mugs of hot tea were in front of either of them, but only one actually drank it.
“Speaking of swords,” Moriarty said, leaning forward as the server passed, “How is dear John? I do hope you let him know how much I admired his work.”
He shakes his hand and Sherlock looks at him a moment before turning to Lestrade.
John thumbs against Sherlock's arm, tracing a circular path. That's all they were: a circle. Always in motion, neverending. Sherlock raises his head to rest on his chest, staring at the wall.
"John,
, John. You didn't, because you're wonderful and brilliant and you realised who you were aiming at before you shot." Sherlock paused, waiting for his mouth to catch up to his thoughts. "Mikheia saw you that day in the Kremlin. I know he did, you know he did, and he knows he did. I didn't want to believe it was you. I wanted to believe that you were sitting in Baker Street and moving on without me. I wanted so
"If you come back here," Sherlock says lowly. "I will end you."
"What animal did you fancy yourself to be, then?"
me instead, though. At least I could have enjoyed it…"
"Sherlock?" Mycroft's voice came from outside.
"Well, whoever told you that hasn't got all their facts straight." John says as he smiles teasingly. "Angels are one thing. I'm something else entirely."
They all file through the gap and as Sherlock looks back to signal for Gladstone, he blinks and the gap is gone.
“You—
She didn't know which voice had been the loudest.
"Thank you." He heard himself say. "I'm sorry he hurt you."
“John, I–I’m sorry about Harry.”
"They don't. But you do."
Moran smiles.
“It wasn’t what you think.”
15.48 John
------------
21:20 Sherlock
Sherlock nodded and settled further into his chair. “She painted today, which was such a nuisance. It took me an hour to get all of the paint out of her hair.”
“Oh, I didn’t realise we were in Italy.” Sherlock gave him a look.
07.04 John
Sherlock sputtered. “I
After breakfast, Sherlock took Rosie into the living room to play while John got ready for work. Once he was ready to go, he stood in the doorway of the living room, watching them for a moment. “I love you; you know.”
Sherlock’s eyes raked him up and down. “Baking suits you.”
“Don’t.” Sherlock’s voice was quiet.
“What on earth are you talking about?”
“He shouldn’t have…” John’s voice was soft. He closed his eyes, a hand coming up to rub at his forehead. “He shouldn’t have done all that for me… I don’t understand why he would do that for me.”
07.00 Sherlock
“Morning!” Sherlock waved a hand in greeting as he disappeared into the bathroom. Once inside, he shucked the gloves into the bin, stripped his clothing, and started the shower. He placed all his clothes sans coat into the laundry bin and stepped into the shower. He winced at the lukewarm water but started scrubbing at his body anyways. Once his skin felt raw and shone a slight pink and his hair clean, Sherlock stepped out of the shower and dried off. He then wrapped the towel around his waist and went into the bedroom to change only to be startled to find John waiting for him there, arms crossed. “John. Good morning.” He took a few steps forwards and kissed him hello before moving to get dressed.
“I should head to the hospital.”
Sherlock tilted his head down and nipped at John’s jaw. “Rather eat
“Shut up, it’s in the instructions.” John mumbled.
, who lives and breathes for a taste of affection from
Rosie nodded, holding his hand tightly.
Story: John says there’s really noway to know that. And they’re getting more and more cases every day.
, who was nearly murdered twice for
Chapter 24: 17 June 2020
“Thank you!” Rosie turned and scrambled her way up the stairs.
Hurrying after Sherlock, John shot a look over his shoulder in apology to Greg as he caught up. “Figured it out then?”
John stepped in closer until they were nose to nose. "From this."
Sherlock takes Rosie on a walk in Regent’s park and it helps clear their heads. It’s predicted that John will be gone for another month. 12 days in quarantine.
“Watson, that’s not a very good goodbye.” Sherlock nudged her.
“I don’t know, we haven’t finished it yet.” Rosie gave him a look.
21:19 John
John shrugged and turned back to the large glass bowl in front of him, where he was mixing a sticky mixture of flour, yeast, chopped up butter, and salt with one hand and gradually pouring water into the bowl with the other. “It’s something new to do.”
” He blinked. “To… to
John pulled back, gasping for breath. He ran a hand behind Sherlock's head and pulled so their foreheads rested against each other. "I love you."
, and all 10 seasons of
Sherlock set Rosie down in the front hallway and knelt, straightening out the outfit she had picked out that morning. He tucked a strand of hair behind her ear. “Remember, you have to stay inside the house, alright? We can only talk to Daddy, we can’t go near him, alright?”
Chapter Summary:
A few hours after midnight, John shifted in his arms. Sherlock closed his eyes and silently willed him back to sleep, but no such luck. John shifted against the mattress, rolling slightly towards Sherlock. “Mm… Sherlock?”
07.21 John
John leaned down and nuzzled their noses together. “I know. Go to sleep.”
21:19 John
John carefully placed a light amount of oil into another bowl and rubbed it in with a paper towel. He then gently plopped the dough into the bowl and covered it with a tea towel. Setting it on the table, he cleared and cleaned the table of the ingredients and the mess he had made while kneading the dough. Once that was clean, he set a timer for – checking the recipe again – three hours. He closed his laptop and rubbed his hands together. That was all he could do until the dough rose. He looked up to the doorway to the living room and saw Sherlock leaning against the doorframe, a smug smile on his face. John rolled his eyes and reached his hand out to him. “Come here, you.” Sherlock folded into his arms like he was created solely to be held by John. John smiled as he hugged him tightly. “Could eat you right up.”
Sherlock smiled slightly at him. “Thank you.”
Sherlock gave him a glance. “She’s been very good. I’m sure we can allow an exception.”
Sherlock grumbled and left. John could hear him settling himself on the sofa and turning the television back on.
John shook his head. “Not yet, and be quiet about it please.” After a moment, he looked at Greg. “Actually, you kind of fucked it up to be honest, mate. He got your call right as I was about to.”
With a small shrug, Sherlock nuzzled closer to John’s warm body.
Sherlock smirked. “Indeed. She said it was you.”
Sherlock pulled away from him. “John. Am I that bad at sex?”
“Sherlock…” John took a step forward, bouncing on the balls of his feet. “This is hard for me too. I want to touch you so much.”
“Oh, I shouldn’t have said anything then. Sorry about that. How did it happen?”
PM Johnson, in his daily press briefing, urges the UK to take the quarantine seriously and work from home unless essential and to avoid pubs and restaurants. The death toll continues to rise.
43 days
“Of course, I was annoyed. I spent an hour on my knees on the bathroom tile. But she’s three, John, I know she doesn’t know any better. It’s her teacher’s fault for letting her run her hands through her hair. Her painting is on the fridge.”
Lestrade lifted his coffee cup in greeting. “Morning, sunshine!”
“Sherlock, it’s eight in the morning.” John frowned.
“John, wait.” Sherlock reached out and grabbed his arm. “Why are we suddenly preparing for the apocalypse?”
“Don’t come in here.” John held a hand out to him and gingerly picked his way over to where Sherlock was standing at the edge of the kitchen.
15.49 John
John glanced aside at him. “Yeah. Yeah, we are.”
15.51 John
. After scanning the instructions further, John turned the oven on and set it to preheated to 230°C, separated the racks inside, and slid a large glass Pyrex pan into the bottom. He closed the oven and nodded.
15.54 John
“If you stopped wearing it every case it wouldn’t!”
The moments they once shared
18:34 John
John squeezed Sherlock’s hip. “Have you been awake all this time?”
John shook his head. “Wouldn’t be wise for me to get that close.”
“Bye.”
18:55 Sherlock
Debating on whether to join Sherlock on the sofa or tidy up the bedroom, thoughts of sliding into stiff sheets that night moved him towards the bedroom. He would have just enough time to tidy up the space and get dressed before the dough was ready to go into the oven.
“I’m particular about the men I love. Highly selective. There are certain qualifications, you see.” Sherlock bent his head down, so his mouth was right next to John’s ear. “He’s gotta be sure and it’s gotta be soon. And he’s gotta be larger than life.”
The dark room was quiet save the sound of gentle breathing from the two men lying in the bed. While John was sleeping, Sherlock remained awake, resting his head softly against John’s chest, listening to the deep thump of John’s heartbeat. Sherlock’s arm was wrapped around John’s torso, holding him tightly and close. One of John’s arms was tucked under Sherlock’s shoulders and the other draped across his body, his hand closed around Sherlock’s hip.
21:20 Sherlock
John watched her go before turning his gaze back to Sherlock. “What?”
“You’re not bad at it.” John’s voice was quiet.
Real life: PM announces the beginning of easing lockdown.
15.50 Sherlock
Chapter Summary:
“Sherlock, that’s evidence!” Greg called out in annoyance.
15.52 Sherlock
“Go back to sleep.” John whispered, moving his arm up to run it through Sherlock’s hair.
“Thank you, sweetheart.” John pulled him close for a kiss, their lips pressing gently against each other. “It means a lot to me.”
32 days
Molly glanced down at the corpse on the slab in front of her. “Oh. Yes. How-”
John sighed and wrapped his arms around Sherlock, resting his chin against the top of Sherlock’s head. “It’s not that long.”
John’s forehead scrunched in thought and his hand flew to his face before his expression relaxed in understanding. “It’s nothing. They’re from the protective gear we’re wearing. Just a bit of chafing. I’m okay.”
John shrugged. "It's important to be able to keep going. The fireworks startled me, but I was just thinking. I wasn't..."
"Can't avoid everything."
John kissed his forehead before fetching the first aid kit. “I know.” Once fetched, he quickly returned to kneeling in front of Sherlock. Obtaining the tweezers, it took only a matter of seconds to grasp the sliver of glass and slide it from Sherlock’s foot. Sherlock winced as it was removed. John tabbed a bit of antiseptic ointment on it and popped a small round plaster on it. “There we go. All better. I would kiss it, but… I’m not kissing the bottom of your foot.”
Sherlock blinked. “I beg your pardon?”
Sherlock’s eyebrows furrowing sleepily on his forehead and the corners of his mouth pulled downwards. “What’s wrong with it?”
Sherlock exhaled slowly before reaching down, grasping the door handle and swinging open the door. Sherlock’s eyes swung from the bags of groceries had been set on the doorstep neatly to his husband standing on the sidewalk near the curb, a grin blossoming on his face. Something welled up in his chest and he couldn’t help the massive smile taking over his face. He took a step forward before stopping himself. “John.”
In a gesture of love
In a nuzzle to rest
John swallowed, looking to the side. “Well. Yes. Of course, I did. I told her this morning. We had a good conversation about it while you were at the crime scene.”
Suddenly, as if someone had flipped a switch, the patter of applause grew, and Sherlock could hear and see people coming to their doorways and windows and applauding. A dull rush of noise rose from around them, people applauding in the neighborhoods and streets surrounding theirs. Rosie leaned further out the window, calling out to the street, “We’re clapping for my Daddy!”
“What happened?” Sherlock’s eyes widened in alarm.
(See the end of the chapter for
18:49 Sherlock
Three hours later found both men lying in their bed, the sheet tugged loosely overtop as they slept. Hair awry and lips swollen, Sherlock’s head was tucked just beneath John’s chin, ear pressed to John’s chest, soothed by the audible heartbeat, calm and steady. John’s arm was flung around him, keeping him close. Suddenly, a loud beeping blared throughout the flat, emanating from the kitchen. John startled awake, jerking into a sitting position, tossing Sherlock off him and onto the bed. Sherlock woke with a pitiful whine. “John!”
“I love you too, Daddy.” She smiled at him. “When are you coming home?”
After he left, Mycroft stood and closed the door firmly behind him before turning to face John. “What are you playing at, Doctor Watson?”
“Daddy, I miss you!” Rosie hung on to the end of Sherlock’s arm, as close to John as he would allow her.
Sherlock glanced over his shoulder at the dim light from the clock on his nightstand. “3:30am.”
. He started folding the dough into itself, smiling at how puffy it had become. After folding it in a few times, he gently started to tug apart a third of the dough. The dough refused to part. His brow furrowed and he tugged harder. The dough still refused to separate. The muscles in John’s arms bunched as he tightened his grip and ripped the dough into two sections with a brief grunt of exertion. A snicker drew his attention up from his dough and he rolled his eyes at Sherlock who was covering his mouth, dressed in a dressing gown, not having bothered to tie it. “My strong man.”
“I need a hero.” John whispered.
“I think you give me too much.”
John held tightly onto Sherlock’s hand and cleared his throat. “I love you, you know.”
“Right, right, sorry.” John smiled. “You’ll have to keep me updated on what happens.”
Shaking the thoughts from his head, John put on a smile. “Well, this time you aren’t in trouble. But it is still serious. But not a bad serious. More of a happy serious.” When he realized he was rambling, John clamped his mouth shut, gathering his thoughts. “Well, at any rate... It’s fine.”
“It would be helpful if you did not criticize how I am raising our daughter in front of her.”
“What time is it?” John yawned.
Sherlock frowned. “What is? You’re quitting the hospital, John.”
Sherlock tugged at the cabinet before huffing in annoyance “Molly, this is locked.”
John’s face twitched. “I’m doing my very best.”
John nodded, looking at the pavement. He shuffled his feet a bit. “I know. And believe me when I say I hate it. I hate being away from you both like this. I’ll do my best, okay?”
Mycroft stopped in front of him, looking down. “Is that really the best you can do? For the man who gave up everything in his life for you. You’re
Sherlock nodded, feeling the warmth of John's palm spread out across his shoulder.
Sherlock nodded and nearly took a step forward before remembering the kitchen was now a perilous place. “I’ll… go around.”
John sat up sharply. “Sherlock?”
John blinked. “Me, specifically?”
The voice called back, “Thank your father for us! He’s doing good work!”
“Now is not the time to begin forming bad habits.”
19:58 Sherlock
John dodged. “Yes, Sherlock.”
21:19 John
Rosie scrambled to her feet and stood next to Sherlock. He wrapped an arm around her waist as she handed Sherlock her half-eaten biscuit. “Hello, Daddy.”
"When will the time be right?" John's fingers ran down Sherlock's arm and back up again to rest on his shoulder.
you?”
64 days
“I know, John.” Sherlock met his gaze again. “I said I apologise.”
John nodded, his eyes on the mugs in front of him.
The phone bleeped with the sound of an incoming Facetime call and Sherlock startled awake, sitting up abruptly from where he had accidentally fallen asleep, sprawled out on the bed. He fumbled for the phone within the sheets before finding it. He ran a hand through his hair before accepting the call. John’s face appeared on the screen and Sherlock felt the world light up around him. “John.” His voice warm and comfortable, like the caress of the sun against skin on a warm Spring day.
Rosie nodded, seriously. “That’s good. Papa says you should always do your best in your work.”
Sherlock nodded, looking to the side. “We need you.”
38 days
She nodded and sat on the floor, squirming until she was comfortable.
John shifted next to him, waking slowly. “Wh’re you going?”
It had been a dream.
She nodded. “We’ve been playing a lot. Papa’s reading me
“It’s fine!” Sherlock called back to him, placing the leftovers in containers and placing them in the fridge. He walked back into the living room and picked up the take away boxes from the table, piling them into his arms and moving to put them away. “I’ll be done in a minute. Do you need to take a shower?”
“What about it?”
“What I’m doing is important.”
to know you are the most important part of my life. So...William Sherlock Scott Holmes, will you do me the greatest honor of my life and marry me?”
Deep blue eyes
, Lestrade. I meant, what’s interesting about it. I’m in bed with John and quite comfortable, thank you very much.”
Once at the crime scene, Sherlock whirled away with a whoosh of his coat, bending over the body prone in the dirty alleyway. Greg hadn’t even opened his mouth before Sherlock had shushed him, so Greg made his way over to where John was standing. “So... congratulations?”
He stood up from where he was bent inspecting the asphalt and clambered neatly into the skip.
John just nodded. He felt the same, and family had a sort of obligation in these instances.
The look was enough send a shiver down John's spine.
“The city will calm you,” Mycroft added.
She must have read concern on his face, because she reached over to pat his shoulder reassuringly. “I asked about him, not you,” she said. “It’s ok, captain. Try to get some rest.”
Sherlock nodded, pushing John forward without releasing his shoulders.
When he tried to think of the moment, he could only recall flashes.
“I’m a bit surprised myself,” John said, mindful that shorter responses had less a chance of backfiring on him.
“John.”
“It’s
“I have legs. You have legs.”
Something was bothering John, that much was obvious.
“Of course not,” Sherlock replied.
about werewolves. Perhaps, he thought darkly, learning to omit via torture was an effective method. He'd had to do it since he'd been recovered after the attack. The one time he’d mentioned anything about what he’d actually seen, he’d noticed the telltale look of a doctor about to order a psych eval. After that, John had decided not to mention the rest of what had happened. And then with Russia… well, John would have hidden the truth anyway, but now with Sherlock to think about it would take some rather unthinkably serious things to get him to spill anything true about them.
Sherlock did not even pause in his consumption of the sandwich he’d made - if the pile of meat could be called a sandwich when it so greatly outdid the bread involved - more than to glance up at Mycroft.
It would not be exaggeration to state that this was among the worst of Sherlock’s fits.
Even as he
“Most of the planet,” Sherlock corrected.
The only tea left was old and something mint-flavored, but it would do well enough. John had already decided that they would be shopping properly once they got dressed - this stovetop heating was getting old - so it didn’t matter too much.
John didn’t have much to say about it, and the folder from Mycroft - the folder from
John had been broadcasting for hours,
Knowing there was no getting out of this eventually, but unwilling to let the matter from earlier drop, John folded his arms. “After my question from this morning. How did you meet Lestrade?”
Sherlock followed along to the Tesco’s, and then balked at the door, as though there was something offensive inside. Honestly after that dive in the skip it was Sherlock who was the offensive thing. John wasn’t sure how he was managing not to strip at the offense to his nostrils. After five minutes of standing together, John sent him off home. When Sherlock tensed, John fished the charged cell phone out of his pocket and waggled it at him. “Half an hour,” he said. “Can we manage it?”
John sighed.
John was blinded by the intensity of his mate as the transmitted feeling shifted to indignant rage.
“Self-medicating will fail to rectify the situation as surely as destroying the bathroom,” Mycroft replied, releasing the firm grip he had on Sherlock cautiously. First he eased the upward yank on Sherlock’s arm, letting it go slowly. When Sherlock remained in the slump, Mycroft took a cautious step back.
A breath later Sherlock was on his feet and Mycroft was pinned to the cabinetry, with the lip of the counter top digging into his back. Sherlock snarled at him up close, eyes dark with fury. Teeth snapped at his cheek, too sharp to be human. The eyes that stared him down were more wolf than man, as was the threatening noise coming from Sherlock’s throat.
The relief that spread through John as Sherlock moved up against his back was even stronger than the first. The color came back to his vision. John’s knees went weak and he closed his eyes against the brightness. His hearing was sharper, had to be sharper, because he swore he could hear Sherlock’s pulse. The overload of sensation was downright unnatural, and so welcome that John couldn't help but groan in relief.
Sherlock plucked the mug from his mate's fingers and set it away with his own, freeing up John’s other arm. It wrapped around Sherlock’s waist as soon as it could. That was an improvement, to say the least.
And the broken window? Sherlock had been swashbuckling in the library, tripped over his own feet - that’s what he gets for being so bloody tall! - and thrust his sword arm through one of the panes of the tall windows. The rest of him had tumbled after.
“I’m still at Bart’s,” he said. “Picked up on that before we were even finished. Teaching, now,” the man said. “I did some time in the A&E, but the hours were crap. Took a turn in surgery, better pay, better hours. Suited the wife more.”
The sergeant had an odd flush to his cheeks, and that killed any amusement that John felt. It was replaced by a rush of protective jealousy that flared up as he realized that another man was staring at naked Sherlock. Sherlock was
John nodded, and they headed for one of the cafes. It was a nice enough day, so they headed back out into the lanes of the park and found a bench. It was a pleasant enough walk, but John wasn’t sure what to say to the man he’d been at school with. Thankfully, Stamford had some idea.
Elisabeth seemed more interested, though. “What makes you think that, John?”
This would not, in or of itself, have been a problem except that Sherlock, and by extension John himself, had been commanded to return to Wiltshire for the moon.
Focus.
“Do not presume to know what is best for him,” Sherlock replied, returning from the kitchen with a handful of towels. He dropped to his knees before Watson, ignoring the bits of shattered ceramic even when they snagged his expensive pants. He dropped one of the towels to the floor so that it covered the blood.
John closed his eyes to breathe in against the feeling. He was surprised when he was pushed to the bed and long fingers began unwinding the bandages.
It was far more painful than John had thought it would be, especially given that this hadn't been his life for nearly a year.
The Colonel repelled a second opponent roughly away as John moved forward. The shoved man impacted with another of the bunks to send it careening out of the way. Without bodies in them, the bunks were just hollow metal frames with the inconsequential weight of the shitty mattresses. The thunder noise came from the metal frame scraping across the floor. The noise of the bunk falling over on its side seemed louder to John than the tipping of his own had been.
man, Sherlock looked chastised by that.
ask me to go back in there, because I won’t,” John replied.
“Harry doesn’t,” Clara replied. “You’ll always be Johnny to her.”
John was home, at last.
“That Watson fellow is either extraordinarily lucky, or fairly good at handling himself in a fight,” the technician said. “Look, here,” the woman said, turning the tablet she was working on for Greg to see.
Now Sherlock swept the couch clean almost before John could cross to it. Sherlock was at the shelves with the armload of books, putting things away properly. “Once the laboratory is set up, there shouldn’t be a need to make this room uncomfortable,” Sherlock said, back to John.
“If you’ve come here to warn us that they are on the outside of custody, you’re a bit late,” Sherlock said, sounding impatient.
“Then find someone who is, and we’ll explain it to them.”
By Paris, John found he could focus his eyes.
John hated how much better he felt with it shut, as though they had been exposed and vulnerable with it open.
itched with the lack of Sherlock’s feelings at the back of it. He could still tell where his mate was, in a general directional sense of things, but nothing more reassuring came through.
“You and Harriet,” Sherlock said with a rather sharp ‘t’ at the end.
A wide eye rolled back to glare at him angrily.
Down the other side of the hill, John caught his foot on a root and took a bit of a tumble. Sherlock checked his fall by providing a warm furry side to trip into, and gave a soft growling huff of annoyance. It was just the once, though, and it was rather dark out.
The words were out of Mycroft’s mouth before he could stop them. Though he regretted them as swiftly as he had his thoughts upon entering the flat, he could do nothing to stop them.
For a moment, Mycroft did not reply, and John stood there pointing an accusing finger in the general direction of the couch, which happened also to be in the general direction of Mycroft’s mid-section. Mycroft looked at John with a patient, even gaze, and John lowered his hand.
“Right, sorry.”
“Quaint,” Mycroft affirmed. “You’re rather polite for a trained soldier. Of course that could have to do with-”
“You can either call me Captain or you can call me Doctor.”
that reassurance (at least he hoped that’s what he was doing) and hurried back to Montague street.
“She’s not used to giving presents either,” Sherlock said, turning the phone over to examine it, “or she might have considered giving you the charger as well. The battery’s dead.”
“How was the hospital?” Sherlock asked, voice low and rough as he caught his breath. He looped an arm around John’s back and stroked his spine with one finger.
There John started to protest, but Sherlock barreled on.
Oh, this could be quite the problem, couldn’t it?
That… had to be the cause, didn’t it?
"Christ," John muttered, knowing it was true. Knowing that those bastard scientists, those miserable excuses for
how alive they were. John could feel every burst of pleasure just as Sherlock felt it, and as his hands gripped the sheets her could feel the echo of his pleasure in Sherlock. The tempo of it became their hearts racing one another as the shock of pleasure echoed back and forth through them.
In the end he hadn’t even had to explain that it was pig’s blood, which was good because as soon as John’s distress had evaporated so had Sherlock’s well thought out explanations.
"It's considerably more than 'liking'," Sherlock said, turning his eyes to John.
“Durga found the pertinent data in the cellular terminals, but all it yielded was the frequency of the communications,” Mycroft added, smoothing the napkin across his lap. “Though neither Aldrich nor Marianne have reported anything of yet.”
“So if I’m raining down retribution, apparently through the withholding of breakfast-”
“Maybe you should step away from your friend there, Sherlock,” the sergeant suggested in a calming tone.
“Please, Sherlock,” John cut him off. “You
“Fine,” Watson replied, huffing out what was probably a sigh.
Sherlock made a noise low in his throat. It wasn’t precisely agreement, but John could only think of two people with the number to that phone. “What, exactly, did she mean by-”
“Please,” Mycroft said, sounding somewhat surprised at the offer.
There were eyes watching them quietly, John knew. He was certain that if he turned back he’d see a face or two in the doorway, so he didn’t look back. He let Sherlock bully him up the stairs to their room, and strip him out of his clothes. The bed had excellent sheets, which John was grateful for, and Sherlock pulled him close and stroked his skin contentedly. It was reassuring, being held close as though he were a precious thing.
What he did mind was that Sherlock ignored any attempt at discussing controlling their private broadcast network. In the end, John had to ask Elisabeth. The matriarch attempted to be helpful, but was very obviously distracted for some reason that she did not mention. John didn’t know how to ask her if he might help, and the entire business concluded in frustration.
of that unfortunate incident, if you recall.”
“Married,” John said, hours later as he slumped in the chair by Sergeant Lestrade’s desk. It was a triumphant sort of revelation, one that took a bit of the sting out of that whole ‘exception’ business that Sherlock had mentioned, and softened the sergeant to John’s tastes.
Ignoring the caller seemed like a reasonable response, given the ache throbbing through him. Trouble was, John had been the one to point out to Sherlock, repeatedly, that they were witnesses in an active investigation.
“And who is he?”
That set Horatio chuckling again, and with a shake of his head the brown-haired wolf headed out into the hall. For a moment, John stood alone with Sherlock. "Who's Anne?"
“You’re welcome.”
20:42 Sherlock
“I do love him.” John closed his eyes tightly. “I do. I am trying.”
Chapter Summary:
Sherlock nodded.
“’scuse me.” John mumbled to Greg as he moved towards Sherlock and leaned over next to him.
Real life: “Past the peak” of COVID says PM.
Sherlock huffed and tightened his arms around John’s waist. “I hate this.”
“Yeah but not like this. You’re really making him happy.” Lestrade turned his head to look at John. “It’s good.”
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock, holding him tightly. “M’kay.” He mumbled into the fabric of Sherlock’s shirt. “Thank you.”
"I'm not running away, I'm avoiding it."
"Ah." Sherlock fell silent, suddenly feeling out of place besides him. "The hard times" was what they had dubbed the expanse of time between Sherlock's return and their joint return from Musgrave Hall. A long expanse of time full of complications and misery and hurt. It had been around a year and a half since The Hard Times had ended and they had both, all including Rosie, had found great joy in leaving those times far behind through the use of therapy, better communication, and long evenings of companionship. They were in a better place. A much better place. And Sherlock tried very hard to think about those times as little as he could, much preferring to focus on the present. The present was continually turning out to be one of the best times of his life. He could not remember the last time he had encountered such happiness as he did in the company of John and Rosie at home in Baker Street. Their therapists had warned them there would be days harder than others. Why John had landed upon this day as a hard day, he couldn't think.
alive. I love you. And I don’t want to spend another day of my life without you by my side. I want you to know, I want the
“Well, well.” Sherlock broke the silence with a smirk. “It’s nice not to have been the one to blow up the kitchen this time. How the turntables.”
55 days
06:57 John
“She hasn’t even had breakfast yet?”
Thank you for reading! Comments, questions, and critiques are always welcome.
“Thank you for the shopping.”
Sherlock paused. “Um… no.” He waved the man away and ducked under the yellow tape himself. He stayed six feet away from the officer and moved towards Lestrade.
To lost memories clipped
“John.” Sherlock’s voice was soft as he took another step towards John. His hand brushed against John’s shoulder. “You don’t need to apologise. We’re friends. That’s what friends do.”
“I finally found a recipe for those scones you like. Molly had been helping me with it. It was supposed to be a surprise.” He lied smoothly, turning a half-hearted glare in Molly’s direction.
36 days
John yawned and sat up. “Wait, I wanted to talk to you about something else.”
. He then underwent horrendous torture only to return and undergo physical and verbal abuse by the man who was supposed to be his best friend. He returned to drugs, got shot by his best friend’s wife, and his heart stopped multiple times. He was assaulted in a hospital bed, he shot someone, and then he overdosed
“Mm.” Sherlock hummed in response.
John’s face softened. “I miss you too, baby. Are you having a good time with Papa?”
58 days
John woke up in the middle of the night, his eyes slowly fluttering open and the ceiling gently coming into focus. Small shafts of light spread across the plaster from the window. He shifted slightly and felt arms tighten around his chest and a warm weight move further against his left side. He tilted his head and saw a dim outline of Sherlock sleeping next to him, nuzzling closer. John let his head roll back to look at the ceiling and he sighed softly. Sherlock shifted next to him, making soft sleepy noises. “John?”
“You’re-” Sherlock blinked. “… why?”
John’s eyebrows raised. “Do you? Think you could say that again so I could make it my ringtone?”
Sherlock squeezed John’s hand again. “I am. Everything I am now… I am because of you.”
18 days in quarantine
“You’re an idiot.” John ran his hand around to hold the back of Sherlock’s neck and brought their lips together.
Sherlock waved a hand behind him. “I left some for you!”
“I know. But we have Rosie and Mrs. Hudson to look after. So, I can’t keep coming home after being in the hospital. We don’t have the cleaning equipment to combat that. And if I become a carrier myself, it won’t matter if I wash in bleach.”
“Because…” John closed his eyes. “I feel so guilty when you do it. It feels like you’re ripping my heart out of my chest.”
(See the end of the chapter for
In the folds of the bed
The bedroom door swung open and Sherlock stalked in with a huff. He launched himself at the bed and wrapped his arms around John, nuzzling into his neck. “You are ridiculous.”
“The recipe says 8.”
“Daddy has to live somewhere else because he’s a doctor and is helping people, but he doesn’t want to make us sick, so he is living in a little flat with Dr. Patrick and Dr. Michael.” Rosie looked at Sherlock matter-of-factly, reciting the information she had been told.
. With a shake of his head, he stood up and started clearing their plates, shoveling food into his mouth as he went. After dealing with that, he headed to the bedroom, hoping to try again there. Instead, a pile of clothes hit John in the face, and he knew it wasn’t going to happen. They dressed quickly, Sherlock constantly nagging, and made their way into a cab.
"I wasn't saying that. Was just saying... I'm here. We can get through this together. We're not living through those times again; things are a lot different now."
“Because that’s what time it is.”
Sherlock gasped dramatically and clutched his arm but couldn’t help the smirk from appearing. “Ow!”
Sherlock had given up on entertaining his rambunctious daughter and so both were collapsed onto the sofa watching telly. Sherlock’s eyes were shut, his arms wrapped tightly around his little girl who was sprawled out on his lap and talking at the television. Sherlock’s eyes fluttered open, hearing a shuffling of plastic and footsteps up the stairs. He turned his head to look towards the door, a small crease in his forehead. “John?”
“Most of what Mycroft says would never come from your mouth, John.” Sherlock leaned over and kissed John’s cheek, his eyes still on the pages of his book.
Sherlock hummed, went over to the drawer on the other side of the room, and rummaged in it for the key.
"This is unnecessary to experience." Sherlock waved his hand at the window as another slew of fireworks crackled into the night.
20:42 John
“You smell of disinfectant.” Sherlock’s nose crinkled.
“I’ll need to be at the hospital soon anyways.”
“Love you.”
“That’s my girl.” Sherlock kissed her forehead, squeezing her pinky with his. “Daddy’s bought you some of those biscuits you like, yeah? Once I wipe down the box, you can munch on those while Daddy and I talk.”
“Don’t tell me you didn’t know. Poor bastard’s been in love with you for years.” Greg chuckled softly.
“Yeah, well, let me finish bringing things up and then we’ll talk about it, alright?”
Chapter Summary:
“That doesn’t mean you have to go to bed.” John gave him a look.
“You sound like a child, Sherlock.” John rolled over and sat up, his legs swinging off the other side of the bed. “Most people would be thrilled they don’t have to reciprocate. Just enjoy it and shut up about it.”
Sherlock straightened, and he knew he was supposed to be searching for the ring, but as soon as he saw John’s arse presented in front of him, he lost all sense of logical thought.
“What do you make of this.” Sherlock pointed.”
And solidity. It’s clear
Story: Unplanned
“I’m being serious.” John shook his head. “Try to be serious for a minute.”
“John…” Sherlock’s voice cracked, and he reached a hand out for John’s arm.
Sherlock took a step towards him tentatively, a hand reaching out to him. “Are… you having some sort of stroke?”
“Do you? You seem to fling dangerous chemicals and biohazards around the flat in such a way that I think you want us to catch a disease and die.”
Sherlock sat for a few moments, before realizing he could hear John’s steady tread returning down the hall. His shoulders relaxed slightly in relief. He could use John’s phone. Not to mention he always felt better when John was near. Keeping his eye on the eyepiece of the microscope, Sherlock waited until he heard the door open to hold out his hand to the side. “Can I borrow your phone? Mine is…” He waved his wrist slightly.
Sherlock swallowed before whispering. “Yes.”
"I don't want to keep running away."
Suddenly, out in the air, he heard a shout and a slew of fireworks went off. Both men jumped, startled by the loud noise and with startling clarity, the events surrounding November 5th came rushing back into Sherlock's mind. Mary, the bonfire, the train car, John. He reeled back with an audible gasp as the memories rushed back. "Perhaps next year we should visit the country."
Sherlock wrapped his arms around himself. “Okay. It’ll only be until the beginning of April. That’s only three weeks.”
“I want to see you too, baby.” John looked at him through the phone screen, a deep groove in his forehead. “I miss you.”
Sherlock pressed a kiss to the top of his head. “Silly man. You could have just asked.”
Story: Sherlock watches the broadcast of the Queen and it settles him a little, the comparison and justification. He thinks of having to send Rosie away to live with strangers in the country and that thought is abominable. So, he is thankful that at least he can be with her. He calls Mycroft and asks if he’s okay. Sherlock is ashamed it took him a month to think of him. Mycroft is fine.
“No, just can’t sleep. It’s alright, love.”
Sherlock flung open the doors to the morgue, startling Molly into dropping her scalpel onto the ground. “Oh! Sherlock, I wasn’t expecting to see you so early. Congratulations!”
Real life: PM Admitted to hospital.
07.01 John
She looked up at him and pointed, bouncing up and down on her toes. “Papa, playground!”
Sherlock sighed, “So? This is boring, Lestrade.”
22:53 Sherlock
Know the truth of how
John straightened his shoulders and looked at him. “I need a hero.”
07.00 John
Sherlock grunted in response and reached his hand out, fumbling for the electronic. He pressed the device to his ear. “Mm…Sherlock Holmes.” His voice was rough from sleep.
John turned back to the stove to flip the bacon and add the eggs to the water.
18:35 John
As Sherlock passed by, a brilliant thought popped into John’s head.
“I hate this just as much as you do.”
“Long. There are so many people coming in and they’re either sick or they think they’re sick.” John ran a hand over his face. “It’s hard to tell unless you test them. Yours?”
“I’m fine. Just tired, I guess.” John glanced at him with a brief smile. “I should head to bed.”
06:54 John:
John tightened his hand into a fist at his side, compressing his fingers together before releasing and shaking them out.  “Right. Fine.”
Sherlock shut his mouth with a snap, moving towards the exit. He called over his shoulder. “I’m going home. Check his storage unit!”
15.52 Sherlock
Watson took her biscuit back and turned to John. “Bye, Daddy. Have a good day at work.” She smiled at him.
“What’s wrong with you.” Sherlock peered up into his face.
15.54 John
18:53 Sherlock
From the moment he was born, his life had been one wreck after another. From his parents being them to dealing with Harry to his time serving in the army to nearly dying from being shot to finding Sherlock and
Sherlock paused. “Is this some sort of joke? I don’t understand.”
“It would defeat the entire purpose, Sherlock. I should get going.” John shuffled his feet on the sidewalk.
“No, you’re right. I’m sorry.” John nodded, his gaze falling to the pavement. “Has it only been nine days? Christ.”
Sherlock grimaced. Pushing down the surge of embarrassment he felt at the idea of pointlessly clapping at a randomly set time, he knelt next to his daughter and brought his hands together in a loud clap.  Despite his uncertainties, he sent a small smile towards the camera, knowing John would watch it later. They clapped for a few more seconds before Sherlock prepared himself to reach over and turn the camera off, ready to prepare Rosie for bed when the sound of someone clapping outside the window caught his attention. He ducked his head out next to Rosie’s small one. There were lights on in the apartment down the street, a shadow outlined by the open window, hands raised and meeting with loud, resounding claps that echoed their own. Something clenched in Sherlock’s chest and he continued clapping, feeling a little less alone.
Tears pricked at the corner of Sherlock’s eyes and he resisted the urge to sniffle, sudden warmth rising in his chest at her fervent words. “Come here, Watson.” He held his arms out and Rosie ran into them, wrapping her arms around his neck.
Sherlock and John sat on a Victorian settee; the upholstery elaborate but worn beneath them. The room around them was simple, but elegant with touches of modern technology that John wouldn’t be surprised to learn were not in public development yet. Mycroft sat opposite, pouring tea for the members of their small group. For once, Sherlock wasn’t scowling at his kin, but relaxed, distracted by an antique medical text Mycroft had just gifted him.
"Now?" John tilted towards him.
John hopped up and held out a hand. “Fantastic. Come on, let’s finish this episode. By then, the bread should be done.”
Sherlock glared at John. “We had a bit of a lie in this morning.” He kissed Rosie’s cheek. “Let’s go, Watson.”
"I..." Sherlock’s head tilted as he considered this. “...perhaps.”
21:20 Sherlock
“Shit. And we were so careful in getting it all up…” John stood immediately and went over to him. “I’m sorry, baby. Here.” John helped him sit in John’s seat and knelt in front of him. “Give me your foot, love.”
She turned back to him and nodded. “Okay.” She skipped back to his side and slipped her hand into his.
“Daddy!” Rosie cried out his name and forgot herself, rushing towards him before being halted by Sherlock’s hand locked on hers.
“Sherlock, it doesn’t matter.” John ducked under the sink and pulled out a trash bag from the roll.
Sherlock nodded. “I’m really alright, John.”
John bent over and kissed the top of Rosie’s head. “I will. Text me.” He stood and went to the landing.
“Like hell I do, I just did.” John pulled two mugs down from the cabinet.
“Oi! That’s wet, don’t mess with it.” Anderson shouted at him from the corner where he was conferring with the forensics photographer.
Sherlock hesitated, glancing at John. “Fine. Thirty minutes.” He hung up the phone and pushed away the blankets.
“You’re talking nonsense, John. I’m not a hero. We’ve been over this.”
This is the final written chapter of Bee Socks. I have decided not to continue with this story for mental health reasons and lack of creative drive. Chapter 9 will be a summary of what I had intended to happen with the story to give you all some semblance of closure. Thank you so much for reading. xx
“Have a good day. Watson, say goodbye to Daddy.”
15.49 Sherlock
Story: Unplanned
15.46 John
Sherlock hummed against his mouth. “Only for you, John. Only for you.”
For time is but swift
John placed his hand over Sherlock’s pinning it to his lower chest. “I’m good. Already took care of it.” He turned and met Sherlock’s lips in a kiss.
John said, “Sherlock, from the moment we met in this room, you have transformed my life. You cured my limp,
07.01 Sherlock
“I don’t know, Sherlock.” John let his arms fall to his sides, his shoulders sagging as he sighed, disclosing his exhaustion.
“I’m holding out for a hero until the end of the night. And he’s gotta be strong. He’s gotta be fast. And he’s gotta be fresh from the fight.”
John rolled his eyes and shrugged him off. “Five minutes, git, or you don’t get anything. Go on.”
15.52 John
. A smile crept onto his face.
John flinched and set the cup of tea down on the table. “Yes, I know. I don’t want to hurt him. I just… I didn’t know how much he cared.”
John closed his eyes. What was he doing?
“I can go, John. I’m not a child or an imbecile. I have a Ph.D. in chemistry for God’s sake, I understand how to take the proper precautions.” Sherlock gripped the phone tightly, his tone rising slightly.
Rosie ducked her head back inside the window. Turning to the camera, she said solemnly, “The person across the street says thank you, Daddy.”
John gave him a look. “I don’t know, she might just be mixing titles up again.”
“Since before I moved back in.”
"You're being difficult."
15.52 John
Rosie turned back to the window and shouted, “St. Bart’s hospital! He’s the best doctor in the world!”
Real life: Survey of 11,000 individuals states that potentially 1 in 400 people are infected with COVID.
Sherlock huffed. “Why can we no longer have a normal conversation?”
After a moment, Rosie scrambled to her feet and pattered towards him, slipping her tiny hand into his.
John nodded. He scanned the smooth bottom of Sherlock’s foot before spotting the tiny shard, firmly embedded in the transversal arch. “Okay, hold on for a second, I’m going to go get some tweezers, alright?”
“I’m sorry. I am truly sorry I haven’t been as communicative as I should be. I will do better, alright? I promise.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock chuckled. “One does not live through the eighties without having experienced it. I find your use for it in reference to, I’m assuming, me, incredibly amusing.”
, Sherlock realised that perhaps it was time for a walk. John had said walking was acceptable if proper safety measures were taken, and it was legally allowed at the moment. What a fool he had been for not taking advantage of that opportunity until now.
“No, don’t leave. Stay. Talk this through with me. We’ll fix this, I promise.” Sherlock followed him into the bedroom.
Sherlock gazed up at him for a few moments. “I love you too, you know.”
John nodded, his expression lightening. “Okay. Thank you. I love you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“No, why do we go outside now?”
“Then why don’t you let me do it to you!!”
Behind them, another slew of fireworks crackled into the dark night air, forgotten. Unimportant in the start of their next phase of life, something they would later dub, The Happy Time. The time that would last them for the rest of their lives.
Real life: Individuals are now advised to wear face masks
22:32 Sherlock
Questions, comments, and critiques are always welcome!
“I am perfectly capable of doing this and going to the shops for you. Let me, Sherlock, please.”
"Soon. I hope." Sherlock whispered the words.
22:32 John
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock walked into the kitchen and planted a kiss on John’s cheek. “She’ll love them. You are a very considerate father.” Sherlock returned to his chair, settling into the leather, holding the little socks tightly in his hands. He looked back up at John and tilted his head. “Something else is bothering you… Something that happened at the hospital. What happened?”
With a smirk, John took the ring from Sherlock’s outstretched hand. “I do believe you are right.” He clasped Sherlock’s left hand in his and slipped the ring onto the fourth finger, twisting it a bit to move it past the knuckle. Once it was on, he stared at the new adornment, grinning stupidly. Looking at Sherlock and holding back tears, he says, “I love you, you stupid git. I love you so much. Ready to go home?”
Sherlock reached in, pulling out a blood-soaked rag. He sniffed at it carefully, bringing it to his face and touching his tongue to the stain. “Not our supply.” He concluded.
John was napping on the sofa, and Sherlock found that his endless fascination with watching John's unconscious facial tics wasn't so endless after all. It was best if he found something else to do, and he could dog-ear this moment, come back to it later, so if ever the day came that he no longer found John interesting (however unlikely it was), he'd always have this, have John's slackened, peaceful face and the soft sounds of his calm breathing.
, Sherlock, no I didn’t. Remember? That wasn’t me. That wasn’t me, Sherlock.”
"I said that's stupid. I can't
Sherlock seems to take this into consideration, puffing away silently at what remains of his cigarette.
"Who killed him?"
“I did too.”
me, halfway across the world. You said it was easy, but you bypassed not only
situation are incredibly different and that John is here of his own volition, not Moriarty's.
Sherlock takes a slow sip of his tea and John nearly smirks because it's decaffeinated and he knows how much hate Sherlock reserves for decaffeinated, non-nicotine substances.
"Trying to bait me by reminding me of their existence won't work." Sherlock snapped. "And you've gotten me off my train of thought, which makes you rude as well. No, you, you were waiting to see if John was capable enough to get himself out. And he passed with flying colours."
John's face flashed like an interrupted transmission before he was back, his face smeared in blood, his blue eyes bright but blank, glowing through the translucent pale skin of his eyelids that were tinted a cold shivering white, like snow.
“What did you do here for a week?” John asked.
"Because we're not a couple, Sherlock." John sighs.
Of course he understood and Sherlock knew it too. He understood many things. Maths. The Roman Empire. The proper assemblage of an AK-47. The Belgian language. The British desire for world conquest. The chords of a guitar.
There was silence, still, cool, soft silence like the air that billows out from sheets when they're falling over a bed.
"The last time you did this, Sherlock, I had to
Sherlock stared at him, his face blank, eyes glinting with a sharpness that told John all he needed to know, even before he said it, low and composed: “I don’t see any of the others. I don’t see anyone.”
“It was…the most recent recording we had.”
He would not go back underwater after this. Maybe before, when he had nothing to lose, before, when Sherlock had been nothing more than a ghost. Maybe then he'd raise his head like an alligator and peer at his surroundings only to find nothing he liked and slide back under. Maybe.
"Good, sir. I feel very tip and top of the shape." Mikheia glanced to the door, as if he was expecting someone else to follow John in.
Percy Shelley
"Yes, you do." John says, leaving the statement unexplained. "And no one else can see these except for you. I appear to you as I want to, and to everyone else as they want to see me."
It is Mrs Hudson who finds him. Mrs Hudson who helps him up and ushers him inside, who drapes a blanket around shoulders that he didn't realise were shivering, who sets out warm clothes and draws him a hot bath. John would like the way Sherlock permitted her to mother him, the way he accepted her tea without protest even though it wasn't as atrocious as how John made it. He'd approve of how compliant Sherlock had turned under her hands, allowing himself to go through the ministrations until he was left alone.
They were certainly alone now.
“Sometime that’s not enough.” He answered. “You have to show it; it can’t just linger there under the surface or it stagnates. It all dries out of the cup. And you still won’t tell me why you left me out…we both know it wasn’t only because you were working, was it?”
The departure alarm rang out through the station as he dragged John out of the bathroom, trying to look wholly inconspicuous and partially failing. It was hard to carry a drugged hitman-slash-army doctor through a train station without earning a few glances, but the crowd was relatively large and Sherlock had no trouble getting them onto their train and into an empty carriage.
It was as if he'd never even been there to begin with. As if he had truly been the Golem, created by some malevolent force and sent to Sherlock to love him, to make him believe that he might be loved by someone, before he burned away and turned to smoke, Sherlock's heart in his hand. From ash he was born, and so to which he would return.
“No need,” Harry announced, pulling out a flask. “I brought my own.” She took a deep swig, ignoring the pointed looks from across the table.
John drifts, rising and falling softly in his own head, unmoored and untethered.
“Then
John liked to tell stories. That much was clear from his blog.
He snatches the lighter from me before I can spark a light. He doesn’t say anything. He hasn’t said anything, but I knew that would get some kind of reaction out of him. I need him to
Real life: UK extends government lockdown until the end of June.
18:34 Sherlock
Rosie nodded, her wide, solemn eyes making her appear well beyond her young age. “I want Daddy to come home.”
18:56 Sherlock
Hands intertwine
“For God’s sake, you just got here.” Sherlock huffed. “I’m sorry. I won’t say another thing. I am content to simply have you in front of me.”
. “I’ll play anything you wish, but I’m afraid I’m unfamiliar with that game.”
“Oh. Right.” Sherlock hesitated before scooping up their plates and carrying them into the kitchen. “I’ll just put this away then.”
John picked at his plate with his chopsticks. He shifted on the sofa where he and Sherlock were sitting cross-legged with take away covering the table in front of them. Telly was mindlessly playing, mere background noise to their ravenous shoving of food from their plates to their mouths. But John had suddenly remembered, after sifting through the evening and recalling the mad dash through alleys, breaking into the brother-in-law’s flat, cornering him and taking him in to be arrested, what Greg had said earlier. He put his plate down on the table, appetite dissipating. Sherlock glanced over at him, mouth full of lo mien and frowned. He swallowed. “What’s wrong?”
“Why are you doing this to him? I never knew you could be so cruel to a man you considered your best friend.”
that. I was just sharing about our day.” Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“John, I don’t understand. How long have you felt like this?” Sherlock’s voice raised slightly in pitch.
Sherlock glanced up at the Hanover Gate playground quickly approaching. “Not today, I’m afraid, Watson. Why don’t we go to the grass and play together today?”
“Nightmare?” Sherlock stretched his neck up and planted a soft kiss against John’s neck.
Chapter Summary:
06.59 John
“Right.” Greg nodded. “Best of luck then. Can’t wait to see you both tonight.”
Chuckling slightly, John shifted his weight forward to start cooking again. “Give it a mo, and I think that’ll change.” He flipped the bacon once more before moving it off the heat onto a plate. “I’ve made all your favorites.” After checking the eggs, he turned around in Sherlock’s grasp and placed his hands on Sherlock’s hips, rubbing circles over the sharp bones with his thumbs. “How’s that sound, hmm?”
Sherlock ignored him and brought his fingertips up to his nose to smell before rubbing the small spot of paint into dryness on his gloves. “An hour and ten minutes out of the can, I would say. Industrial, not used for house painting.” He stood and almost pulled off the gloves before stopping himself. “I want to-” Out of the corner of his eye, Sherlock noticed the officer out front coughing into his hand again. Anderson rubbed at his eyes before touching a piece of equipment. He turned slightly and noticed another officer sipping coffee and wiping his mouth with his hand before drying his hand on his trousers. Nine million people in London, but it could be spread through anyone…
He handed a few bills to the cab driver and followed after the quickly disappearing coat. John had a hunch he was heading for Molly.
Chapter Summary:
Greg grinned and nudged him. “Well done, you, for making the first move.”
60 days
“Because I don’t.” John whispered.
Chapter Summary:
“It’s fine.” John ignored him as he put the knife into the sink.
Sherlock growled and his arms around John tightened.
“This virus is serious. It’s killing people. And we have Mrs. Hudson downstairs and Rosie is still little.” John took a step towards Sherlock.
Sherlock swallowed. "Waiting. Until the time was right?"
Sherlock stood abruptly, leaving Rosie on the sofa. “What on earth?” He made his way into the kitchen. “What is all this?”
John looked at him, eyebrow raised. "Why?"
John shrugged. “Nothing.”
“Because it’ll be good for both of us. Now, let’s go.” He reached down and held out his hand for her.
“I love you forever”
She shook her head and fumbled with the plastic. After a moment, she looked at Sherlock shyly. “Papa, please help?”
“Right. Well, that’s the thing, isn’t it.”
John jerked his wrist away. “I said it’s nothing. Leave it.” His jaw clenched again as he turned and walked towards the bedroom, closing the door behind him. He stalked towards and sat on the side of the bed, resting his hands in fists upon his knees, grinding his knuckles into the denim material of his jeans. Why couldn’t he just do it? Why couldn’t he just bloody ask for a hug? It was a perfectly normal thing to want, to ask for. And yet… he couldn’t just
“John.” Sherlock beckoned him over with a finger.
“Do you? Because forgive me if I seem a little unsure of myself.” Sherlock looked up suddenly. “You have not been the most communitive.”
Sherlock looked down at his hands. “You barely text me back. The first time we were able to see each other face to face was Wednesday. It took you seven days to manage to facetime me and we only talked for three minutes.”
15.48 Sherlock
John leaned back into him and closed his eyes. “That would be lovely if you would. Ta, love.”
Sherlock hesitated. “But, I want to come to bed with you.”
Sherlock frowned slightly. “Are you concerned?”
“Because-” John turned back to the counter, his hands running through his hair.
Sherlock grinned back at him before slipping out of the room.
21:19 John
Sherlock blinked, his mouth falling open.
John’s eyes widened and he gasped, giving Sherlock a short shove away from him. “You berk, you know that song.”
His body was tired, and his mind couldn’t comprehend thinking beyond the simplest tasks. The world was grey and hazy and there was a tightness in his chest he couldn’t unravel. He felt weak. Cripplingly weak. He was barely able to pull himself together to make a cup of tea, let alone take care of his daughter. He didn’t know how to gather the strength and continue for Rosie, let alone himself.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “John. I thought we did have this conversation four days ago. It’s not a problem. You’re overreacting.”
Sherlock shrugged. “She was quite insistent. That is a picture of Daddy.”
15.51 Sherlock
“Right. And... then what happens?”
“You don’t want to make me happy, John?” Sherlock’s lips quirked and he looked at John wide eyed.
“I kissed him.” John mumbled.
“Just a few more minutes. Rosie wanted to tell you about what we’ve been doing. You can spare a few minutes for your daughter.”
“Okay, because then I can tell you about the book.”
“What’s that?”
Wrapping his hands around Sherlock’s fist, John rubbed his thumbs across the whitened knuckles. “Of course, Sherlock. Yes. I very much want you to marry me.” He smiled gently at his confused lover. “Please say yes,” he said in a low voice, still rubbing his thumbs over Sherlock’s hand.
“But I
18:45 Sherlock
“Then why?” Sherlock wrapped his arms around John’s waist and nuzzled gently into his neck.
Thank you for reading. Comments, questions, and critiques are always welcome.
John’s arms tightened around him and Sherlock felt John’s hand brush through his hair. Firm lips were pressed to the top of his head and suddenly, Sherlock felt an intense longing to feel those lips against his own. John’s voice rumbled softly next to him. “What’s wrong?”
John pressed his face against Sherlock’s shirt, feeling his tears dampen the material, his hand sliding down to clutch at the material covering Sherlock’s sides, slipping under his blue dressing gown and grabbing, trying to hold on to the solidity of the man, the rock he so desperately needed. He felt Sherlock’s arms tighten around him as he grabbed onto Sherlock’s body tightly and pressed close as if he were trying to burrow beneath the skin separating him from Sherlock’s heart beating solidly beneath his cheek. He felt Sherlock’s head brushing the top of his own as they each held on tighter. John closed his eyes and pressed his lips against Sherlock’s chest, inhaling the comforting blend of Sherlock’s spiced cologne and the smell of his body.
18:35 Sherlock
Sherlock tilted his head and raised an eyebrow. “John?”
Sherlock stiffened. He straightened and pulled away from John, putting space between their bodies. “Oh. I see.”
The afternoon light
A summary of what occurs in the rest of the story.
John shrugged. “I don’t question it.” He turned behind him and grabbed a knife. He gently scored the top sphere with 8 slices, then moved on to the bottom sphere and scored it slightly 10 times.
