He had messed up, they all had, but he couldn’t do anything about anyone else, he could work on himself. No more pity and pining. Thinking about it now, it wasn’t fair to think that Tony would share his feelings. The fact that he had come back expecting anything seemed so ridiculous to him now. Tony had taken steps to fix the situation and Steve had stood there and let him, doing nothing to help from his side except miss the man. No more. He was a man with a plan, after all, and his plan started now. Would he pine? Yes, quietly, expecting nothing in return. Would he love Tony? Always, which is why things would change.
"That's one hell of a simulation." Clint remarked from a few feet away.
"Would I leave you, gummy-bear?" He snarked back. "Alright, the first simulation is ready. We have a group of rogue hydra terrorists planting bombs in different strategic areas around the city. Civilians are running scared and need evacuation. Everyone ready?"
“Sam.” James said forcefully.
“So, no sloppy kiss yet?” She said, without beating around the bush. His cheeks heated a little bit as he ducked his head and looked away. “That’s alright, you are terribly old fashioned. A few dates first, yes?” Shaking his head at her he motioned for her to sit at his desk as he sat across from her on the foot of the bed. “What can I do for you princess?”
“What?” Sam gaped.
"Come on man, be honest. It's seeing him again isn't it? Seeing him with the reporter and that guy at the party. I'm going to lay it all out here with you, I've seen you with your phone in one hand hounding the internet for news and information on Stark, and that old fossil flip phone in your pocket. You never go anywhere without it. I've seen you wandering around at night, coming down here and talking to Barnes, and if that wasn't all enough, I have seen some of the sketches."
“Mr. Stark I think the world needs something a bit more substantial than that.”
"You're right, the world will never forgive him, unless I can do it first. If I stand up and forgive James Barnes, what right does the world have to condemn him? The Winter Soldier took my family from me, not Barnes. It's important that the world makes the distinction between the two."
Steve had stepped forward without thinking and straightened the tie himself. His fingers pulled the silk through and his knuckles brushed Tony's throat as he worked. Tony's smile had faltered, to be replaced with something so much softer. They had been inches apart, Tony's eyes fixed on Steve's hands. Steve had been focused on trying to keep his hands from shaking. The moment had felt domestic, but, just like so many other moments, it was there and then gone when they were interrupted by Tony's driver arriving.
Sam was slightly concerned that Steve had stopped breathing all together.
He hears footsteps approach but makes no move to acknowledge them. The individual stands at his side, hovering for a moment until he feels a slender hand slide to rest on his shoulder and give a surprisingly strong squeeze. A very small piece of him wants to throw off the gesture of comfort. He doesn’t deserve it, he failed. He failed to stop Thanos, he failed to protect the world, and he failed his family. The larger and desperately broken part of him wins however, and instead he raises his other hand to clutch the smaller one fiercely, like it is tethering him to the present, like it is the only thing keeping him from walking headlong into the abyss that he so desperately wishes he could jump into.
Nebula’s eyes tracked all of the movement and a small flicker of surprise crossed her features. Steve bristled at that. Who was this woman and what did she know of them? Why should she be surprised to see them comforting each other? Just because she seemed to have an eerily robotic amount of control over her emotions didn’t mean that they rest of them did. They were hurting, didn’t she understand?
“We,” Natasha gestures between herself and Tony, “are both clothed Barton, in case it escaped your notice, and we were
I went completely insane. I had the strength to resist for only one moment of clarity, as I used it to look into the eyes of the man I trusted with every piece of me, and ask him if he
Natasha took a few angry steps towards Wanda before Tony caught her. “No, Nat, don’t. It was before she was on our team. Please, I’ve forgiven her. I just wanted to make the nightmares go away.”
T'Challa looked confused at the name Salem, but took a sip of his glass anyways as Tony downed his glass in one swallow before setting it back down on the table and turning to walk away. "Oh, by the way," he said turning back momentarily, "when you watch the video tonight," he motioned towards the hickey on his neck, "keep an open mind. I have my reasons and I would be happy to explain them to you, along with one very unhappy super spy." He winked and sauntered off, leaving the King standing there more confused than before.
A small cry from the baby monitor on the counter alerted everyone that Nate was awake. Tony sprung up before anyone else had moved and yelled “I call dibs!” as he ran for the empty guest room where Laura had laid Nate down for his nap.
Steve’s heartbeat was off the charts. How could no one else hear it? It was so distracting.
Tony wanted to know just how well behaved Steve could be? Steve was more than willing to show him.
"I thought I would lose Bucky. I didn't- I was afraid-" He shook his head dolefully.
When they reached the floor of the lab the stepped off the elevator and Tony led the way to the workshop door, where he punched in his security clearance, scanned his fingerprint, and opened the door with voice recognition. Clearly, he was protective of the space.
Clint continued his rage, “That’s strike two and I ain’t waiting for strike three. Give me one good reason not to kill you right now.”
FRIDAY’s response was sorrowful as she answered, “The connection had unexpected results, Boss. The BARF simulation information you had stored was essentially downloaded to her memory databanks. I tried to stop it but was unable to block it all. I am sorry, Boss.”
Tony sniffed a bit and grimaced. “Which thing? The Gala, The Accords, Ultron, attacking Barnes? Which
By now the small room was filled with the Avengers, plus T’Challa and Shuri. Maggie and Laura had dragged the kids home to get some rest around 9 PM. He heard Rhodes sit down heavily in the chair on the opposite side of the bed. “Steve, man, you gotta eat or drink something. Tony wouldn’t want you to hurt yourself because he isn’t feeling 100%.” Steve just continued to stare at Tony’s relaxed face as he slept, ignoring the other people in the room.
“Look at me.” Tony whispered. Steve shook his head again before burying it into Tony’s warm chest and letting out a choked sob when he felt Tony raise his other hand and run his fingers through Steve’s hair. “Look at me, Steve, I gotta see those baby blues.” He whispered again.
“What’s going on?” He asked, alarmed.
Natasha could hardly look at him. When their gazes connected he tried to give her a reassuring smile, but it faltered when she looked away and started towards the ballroom door. She was going home; she couldn't watch Tony do this. He tried to follow her but was intercepted by yet another high ranking official seeking his attention.
With Pepper moved out and Rhodey so busy there were only a handful of people he really needed to worry about. He did his damn best to make sure that Peter never saw what a mess he was. For the first few months that had meant cutting off his communication with the kid, though it hurt him to do it.
T’Challa chuckled at Tony’s worship of his little sister. “No, I’m serious, you can’t have Wakanda and her, buddy, you’ve got to give up one of them. I’ll make this easy for you, I want her.”
, don’t be controlling. You can’t conform everyone to Captain America Idealism. From the moment I brought those kids in the house I’ve been doing my very best. But you, you don’t get to come in here and decide when I get to have a bottle and when I don’t.”
(See the end of the chapter for
His eyes then rose and looked directly into Steve's.
He whipped around to face the King, who didn’t shrink even slightly from the challenge blazing in Tony’s eyes. They were standing very close now and Tony was sure the man would be able to see the cracks in his soul.
Sam was the next to move forward, picking his pen up and signing his name. With a pat on Steve's shoulder he stood and headed toward his own rooms. Steve knew how much he had wanted to go home as well.
His voice stayed calm as he replied, “It doesn’t matter. You don’t know how many people’s deaths I am responsible for. If you did you might not have saved me like you did either. At this point it doesn’t matter, Nebula. We are here and the people we love still need us. I don’t care what that purple dick told you that you are or are not. I am telling you that you are a person, and you matter. Having machine parts in you doesn’t devalue you. Hell, machines are my area of expertise. When we get to Earth we are going to stop at my workshop and we are going to fix the pain in your left arm that you are still trying to hide from me.”
Peter comes over almost every night and Tony and Bruce take turns helping him with homework that he knows the answer to, but doesn't have the attention span to complete without someone nearly chaining him to the table.
Sam simply shook his head and held his finger to his lips before turning away and motioning for T'Challa to follow him as he headed the rest of the way up the stairs. They continued until they made it to the training room and Sam closed the door behind them both. He then turned to face the King with an impassive look on his face.
"I have not."
Laura Barton and her three kids along with Scott Lang’s family were the other bright lights in his life, though they hadn’t been at first. During the “Civil War” he had made a judgement call that might go down in history as the only one he had ever made without it blowing up in his face. He had arranged for the Barton/Lang clan to be relocated before anyone could even think to use them. For the first months, while he was climbing out of the bottom of a Jack Daniels bottle, he had them hidden away with special protection. Only after things started to change in his life did he decide that they deserved more than to hide out for God only knew how long. He had them moved into their own secure floor of the newly remodeled Compound.
“Listen, Sta-
It looked absolutely beautiful, Tony had to admit. Pepper had really outdone herself, he would need to make sure he groveled and praised her for the next few weeks at least.
Natasha slid out the door and down the stairs. The cameras were flashing and the reporters were calling her name, but she had set her mind on leaving before she went back in and kicked Tony's ass for being such an idiot.
Once the room was cleared of all of the business men and woman, Natasha flicked on the light that was overhead, drawing attention to the small corner they were all packed into together out of the spotlight. Tony and Pepper's heads snapped up and over to them at the same time. Pepper’s eyebrows shot up in surprise before her eyes narrowed at them all and she huffed in out annoyed breath.
After Happy had left he turned back to T'Challa and motioned for him to follow him to the elevator. Once inside, the King turned toward him with a look on his face that clearly indicated he was waiting for an explanation.
She used the hand curled into his chest to smack him lightly.
Steve struggled to keep his mind straight. "Sam, Vision, and Rhodes, get down here. We need to start and immediate evac of these people. Women and children first, get them out of here."
T'Challa pretended to be horrified when Tony screamed and pretended to try and talk sense into him. Finally, he asked the Secretary to leave, whispering that he would stay and continue to try and get Stark to play their game.
The girl hadn’t been around very much herself, but James had watched the very few times that Tony had come into the kitchen for coffee and had seen Sam ask Wanda to help him with something in another room. He also knew that Sam was doing a damn good job of keeping Steve’s head up and distracted.
Peter leaned in hard with another left jab which Tony easily deflected while he shot out his foot and with one easy swipe took out Peter’s legs from under him. Dazed, Peter looked up from the spot he had landed and narrowed his eyes at the smiling billionaire above him.
Steve sighed before breathing deeply and shaking his head as if he couldn't believe this was happening.
“Take the controls, you know where we need to go.”
me?" Tony asked, fuming.
Steve tried to remember to keep breathing through this. She had been there. She met Tony and the Spider-Kid, along with Strange. She knew what happened to them. She was going to tell them how they lost. He didn’t want to know, but he needed to. He felt Natasha reach one hand for his own and saw her reach for Bruce’s hand as well. Thor put a hand on Rhodes shoulder and Rocket leaned against Thor's leg. Wong laid had a hand on Shuri’s arm. Ramonda was wrapped in M’Baku’s embrace. Somehow, they all reached for each other in some way, even those who didn’t know each other as well. Their losses had tied them together.
Steve smiled slightly as he said, “You, Tony. I’d like you to lead this team with me.”
The people in the room all sat there with their jaws nearly on the floor.
"Hmm? Oh, sorry Sam, just feeling fidgety I guess." Steve did his best to hold still, which only ended with him tapping his fingers on his knees instead. Sam rolled his eyes.
The King was actually surprised that Tony had been so open to accepting Shuri's abilities. The shock must have read on his face because Tony chuckled again and leaned over the desk to fake whisper, "I've seen that Cat-Suit of yours. I'd say Wakanda is hiding a lot more than just a tech-savvy princess." Leaning back, he continued in his normal voice, "If you want to, I'm happy to partner with her, assist her, be assisted by her, trade ideas, whatever. I've been bored lately anyways. Nat says I can't keep drinking and smoking, so I'll have to find something else to occupy my time until we can get Barnes here." He finished with a shrug, arms crossed over his chest.
“Hell yeah I heard, I’ve got the Super Soldier hearing too, punk. If I hadn’t been rooting for this for the last, I dunno,
Ice crawled its way through Steve's veins. "No. No, Sam stop please, you don't understand, you don't know- "
"Exactly, that's because its not me. You know that. This isn't me. But I need everyone to think it is. That's the only way the plan works." Tony was so tired.
Sam now had a real smile on his face as he remembered how things had been before they were brought to this point.
Finally, after what seemed like forever, Tony whispered into the darkness, “I didn’t know that’s who he was. I had no idea, he was just some guy who came up to me at the Gala. And I didn’t do him any
"Why didn't you, Pete?" Tony asked, putting his unhurt hand on the boy's shoulder.
Lila turned her gaze back to her mother, then to Tony. Cooper looked furious as he spat out, "Don't call her that."
“Oh my god, fine. Field trip today, Stark Industries. Okay with you, Cap?” She asked, batting her eyes that were sparkling with fake innocence while everyone else turned hopeful eyes on him.
“Can’t! I have to keep it separate! I cannot call you S-… I can’t do it.” He shrugged tiredly, helplessly. “If I open that door again, I know I can’t close it.”
Sam nodded solemnly and hung his head slightly. His next question came as a surprise, "Have you seen Colonel Rhodes, since…?"
A few minutes later the elevator bell sounded and Steve felt like the world moved in slow motion. The doors opened to reveal Tony Stark, a young male teenager-
She glared at him for a moment longer before finally saying, “Fine. Deal. But stop calling me that.” Turning away she started walking again, hearing him chuckle lightly and mutter, “Not likely.”
Tony sobbed at that as James pulled him into another tight hug.
Peter slung his backpack over his shoulder and left Steve standing by the ring, high fiving Shuri and fist bumping T’Challa on his way out of the training gym.
Everyone’s attention was drawn by the sounds of the heavy wooden double doors opening.
"Yeah, Tony, James Barnes. You're safe, you're with me."
Ross placed his hands on his hips and leaned forward to sneer, “Don’t forget who your life belongs to, Stark. You don’t get to decide if you’re going to drink yourself to death anymore. Do you think I don’t know about all of your close calls? Only, what, 6 months ago you had a brush with alcohol poisoning again, am I right?” At that, Steve felt his stomach clench. He glanced over at Tony, who raised his chin in defiance. “Keep it up, Ross.” He said darkly.
Tony couldn’t breathe. His lungs felt crushed and his heart was beating too fast. It was as though his body was screaming for air while simultaneously forgetting how to actually take a breath to correct the problem.
After their hands and finally come apart, James had tried convince Steve that he should retire for bed. By this time, they had sent everyone else off to bed except for Sam, Steve, James, Tony, T’Challa, and Rhodes. James nearly pulled his hair out though, because it seemed Steve just couldn’t leave well enough alone and again said something about Tony’s bottle of scotch.
“What is this Tony, take your kids to work day?” She asked as she turned back toward him.
Tony's surprised hiccup at the contact was expected. What James didn't expect was for Tony's tense body to suddenly sag into his arms. "I'm-God, 'm so tired, James." He sniffed, "Can't sleep." He whispered.
“I’ve been givin’ you both a lot of space to work this shit out yourselves, but a guy could get old waitin’ for that.”
Scott had already spoken with Maggie and Cassie a few days before, though he had stayed tight lipped on details. He did say they were rebuilding things little by little and that Cassie had told Scott that Tony had reminded her often that her daddy loved her.
Tony scoffed. “I seem to recall you forming a little team of your own – without Iron Man – and it went just fine for you, didn’t it?” Steve hated this. “No. I lost someone very important to me.”
Peter's laugh burst from his mouth before he could contain it. "Mr. Stark put Secretary Ross on hold while he played interference. You never would have made it within 50 miles of that place without him."
to admit that?”
Clint was the first to break it. "Wow, well I guess we should have seen that coming, huh? I mean, he and Pepper are done, and he is Iron Man, ain't he? It didn't take him long to- "
Natasha and James gave Steve sympathetic looks before they exited the room to go with T’Challa. Peter looked up at him before he put on the mask and said, “Don’t worry Brooklyn, Queens is on it.” Rhodes pushed him out the door in front of him followed by Vision.
His words were met by the expected silence.
"Are you saying I did it on purpose?" Clint shouted.
The world was a broken and desolate mess. Half the population, gone, with no prejudice. In Wakanda, they were left to try and clean up with absolutely no idea or plan of where to go or what to do next. All they can do is clean up. Destroy the carcasses of the alien monsters that had attacked, search for the bodies that remained of those who fell, and help the wounded. To continue on, ever forward.
Steve stood with a nod, his eyes avoiding the other's gazes as he followed her into the kitchen.
Steve just sat on the edge of the bed for a moment, bewildered and exhilarated at what had just occurred between them. Tony had asked him to stay the night. He removed his shoes and socks, unsure what else would be appropriate to remove before he decided to remove his shirt and pants, leaving him in his boxers like he normally slept in. He crawled his way up the large bed and got under the heavy covers to wait.
Tony smiled at her and said, “Don’t worry about her, Steve, she’s just heartbroken I’m leaving again. We’re doomed to love each other from afar, Dianne. You’ll always be the one that got away.” He held his hand out to her and gave her a careful hug and a kiss on the cheek. She gave him a mock swoon and then batted him away. “Go on, get out of here. And you make sure he stays out for a while, do you hear me Steve?” Steve gave her a two finger salute and a “Yes Ma’am.”, his hand shooting out to grab Tony’s arm in support and he stood to walk.
"Your pardon includes an invitation back to the United States for treatment, under a few provisions, of course. So I have to ask you, if I have found an avenue for treatment for you that could, theoretically, rid you of the Winter Soldier Programing, would you that be of interest to you?"
Tony huffed. “How about my life?” Silence.
Natasha replied, "He's at the hospital, he wont leave Tony's side." Rhodes nodded, "Should we call?"
From the angle of the camera, Tony's face was hidden, but everything else could be seen clearly enough. The man in the stairwell trailed his mouth down Tony's neck, latching on to a spot just above the collar of his shirt, while his hands roamed Tony's chest before coming to rest on Tony's ass, pushing their hips flush against each other. The video cut before anything more could be seen, feed switching back to news anchors gathered around a table.
Bucky nodded at him, letting the subject go. "Tony?"
T'Challa nodded his agreement and Tony handed him a glass of champagne, lifting it in a toast to seal the agreement. "Well then Salem, I'll expect you tonight as soon as we can both get out of this lovely hellhole."
The scene was ghastly and he felt like he was having an out of body experience as he recognized the last body at the base of the rock mound. It was him. His shield lay above him, but it was cracked in half. What the hell, what could do that? The shield was Vibranium!
Kneeling next to Steve, was Tony. He looked so small, kneeling in the gore without his armor. His shoulders and arms were shaking as he reached out a trembling hand and pressed him fingers to the neck of Steve in the memory.
Damn Ross. He had made it very clear to Tony that he was expected to be charming for the media.
“The Avengers have not lived up to what we promised. And frankly, the world hasn’t lived to be as easy as we all might have imagined. You will see your Avengers again,
“Home sweet home.” Tony quipped as he moved forward into the room. He slipped off the jacket he was wearing and laid it over a chair, leaving him in a soft plain light blue t-shirt. Steve knew this was it, this was the moment that he could change things. Tony was giving him a chance to make this right. James’ words from the hospital echoed in his mind. If he wanted this, he needed to put himself out there, even though he was terrified of Tony’s rejection.
"Siberia." Tony said simply. James nodded, "I know, but you aren't there, you are home."
He tried to keep the smile off of his face as he observed the absolutely murderous looks that Pepper, Natasha, Laura, and Maggie were sending Tony's direction.
“What, are you fools doing? Wanda is about to call the Red Man!” She said, throwing her hands in the air annoyed. Tony tore his eyes away from Steve and growled as he pulled Steve out of the room by their webbed hands. As he pulled him along, Shuri eyed the webbing and then turned an absolutely unsettling grin on Steve, who tried his best not to blush furiously. Judging by the victorious grin on her face, he failed miserably.
A low sound brought Steve’s attention to T’Challa, who was glaring daggers at the television. “That man is nothing but a coward, they will find him responsible.” Steve nodded and Tony made a non-comitial sound but said nothing more. It was James who spoke up, saying, “Tony, we need to be careful. Ross is still dangerous until the Counsel reaches a verdict and you just painted a big target on your back.” Tony turned and gave James a lopsided grin answering, “I’m a big boy, Snowball, I’ve been taking care of myself for a long time.”
Honestly part of him was afraid to lose the family he had gained. But he knew that was a possibility when this began. He knew that bringing the others back would mean that the happy peacefulness he had created in the Compound would likely shatter. That was his life at this point though, and he was ready for it. Besides, they were a real family, he was only a temporary place filler.
With a sigh, Tony finally answered her.
"What's the matter, Rogers, you couldn't tell them what happened, how the icon of truth and integrity fell of the scales of justice?"
Scott stumbled and reached for the suit, taking it in his hands and smiling. He shot Tony a look before nudging him with his shoulder and correcting him, "It's Ant-Man, my guy. Its not that hard."
Sam laughed as James pulled a face at Tony. Obviously, this wasn’t the first time this conversation had happened. Tony walked in front of them and greeted the employee at the door cheerfully.
"Alright, Widow, what do you want to know?"
“You promised me ten missions, remember? You promised me I’d get to enjoy the view of you for ten missions. Please don’t break that promise, sweetheart.” He whispered as he pressed soft kisses to the inside of Tony’s bruised wrist while his fingers carded through Tony’s soft brown hair.
Steve held him tighter and tried to sooth him, even as Steve began to shed tears with him. “Shh, Tony, please, I know. I know. It happened here too. So many of them. I thought we’d lost you, too. I’m so happy to see you. I thought I’d never see you again.”
"I believe a common term might be whore?" Tony couldn't help his eyes widen at Vision's statement.
“I’m sorry about your son. You are obviously a wonderful father. I promise I will do whatever I can to help you bring him back. If it means sacrificing myself, I will gladly do so.”
T'Challa's gaze locked with his and the King continued, "Tony Stark had a complicated relationship with James Barnes, which he has repaired. He does not harbor the same mixed feelings for the rest of you. If you want to be a permanent team of any kind with those you left behind, I will tell you now that it will be up to you to convince them of your intentions."
Steve stood there as the exchanges happened. He didn’t dare move, even if he thought he could. Finally, Tony turned towards him, his large eyes full of grief. He opened his mouth and let out a choked, “Steve.”
. Tony sits up straight, blinking the sleep out of his eyes as he looks blearily up at them.
“You will each take a turn in alone in the simulation. I have designed separate scenarios specialized to each of you and your abilities, so no one will encounter the same situation. Do your best to survive and complete the simulation. Once everyone is done, we will discuss what you did right, and what you did wrong.”
Bucky nodded, stuttering, "I-uh-I..Yes. Yes, of course. Anything."
, very soon. We hope that together, we will create a brighter future.”
"Don't you dare, Clint. Not right now." She shook her head and hid the tears that began welling up in her eyes.
Clint wasn’t backing down and Steve winced as he shot back, “Tash, we all know how Stark is okay?” Low blow. If Steve thought Natasha looked dangerous before, it was nothing to the pure terror she was instilling in him now.
"I should take off the news alert on my phone, the one I told you about. Every time something happens I get a news alert about it and god help me, I am always afraid it is something horrible. I'm afraid I will see a photo of him dead, only unlike my dreams, this time it will be real." He signed heavily as he continued, "In my dream it's me that kills him, I've told you this a million times, but its always me that does it. I bring that shield down on him and… Now I am so afraid that I will see a picture of him dead and it will be real and it will
“Peter not only got an A+ on his English paper than he’s been stressing about writing for the last few months, but he’s going to be presenting it at a writer’s conference upstate!”
"He doesn't need him right now. We need to show the world James Buchannan Barnes becoming the Winter Solider. Once the world sees the innocent Brooklyn boy taken and twisted into preforming heinous crimes, his life ripped apart and his mind broken, I have absolute faith they won't be able to ignore it. Ross will have to do some damage control, after all, we hunted him down on his orders."
James laughed at that with a nod. “Too bad they’re both so set on guilt and blame. They could share them together.”
Steve couldn't help but let out a frustrated noise in his throat. "Tony, your suit would be able to locate her."
Scott had been here to speak with Maggie and Cassie a few days before. When he had come back down he hadn’t spoken much and refused to give anyone any details. He had been annoyed with the guy at the time. Now though, he understood. How do you describe the feeling of someone handing you a second chance with the most precious thing you’ve ever been lucky enough to have in the first place? How do you reconcile that with the idea the person who gave it back to you is someone you left behind in pain, and mocked as you did it?
It had been a surprise when they had become close since the departure of the rouge Avengers. She had come back after taking some time away. Although they worked well together before, they had never been as close and she and Rogers had been. He had been sure that she would side with Rogers just on the principle. He had been shocked when she shared a few of his views on the Accords and the need to have something keeping them in line.
Steve took a deep breath and pushed the button on the bracelet and said, “No one has missed how you never completely turn your back. You are careful where you stand, making sure you can see or be near exits. You don’t trust us.”
Rocket doesn’t speak much. He fiddles with some tech and lashes out at anyone other than Thor. The God himself doesn’t have much to say either, though he is angrier than he was before.
Suddenly, he felt very small and underdressed in the baggy Stark Industries sweatpants and white T-Shirt he had found in his dresser.
It was like he finally had a workable problem in his hands and he was ready to get started. He needed a little help. Who better to help him than someone who was literally always there? He cleared his throat, “FRIDAY?” He called out.
“So,” Sam pressed, “What brought on the hugging love session?”
“The Avengers will be led by Captain Rogers.” He answered.
," he sneered "but he didn't. He got behind that wheel and he took her down with him. And that, that is something I could never let go of. I promised myself, I promised him, I promised any God that existed, and most of all, I promised
1. I think by this point Tony knows that he can't keep holding on to hate if he wants to have a functioning team to leave. He knew that Wanda would be coming back with the rest of them, it isn't realistic to harbor negative feelings forever. Especially because she is powerful and dangerous. Tony is a genius, I think he would realize that you don't want to alienate people like that.
"Follow us into the garage, will you? Choose any parking spot except for number 4, that's where I like to tell Spiderman to park his tricycle when he comes over." He flashed the King a smile and wink as they pulled away, the King shaking his head at the joke.
It was too much, and after his talk with T'Challa, Sam had already decided that he was going to confront Steve about it at his next opportunity. He wouldn't watch his friend drown in his misery like this. Sam himself has always been a big believer that there is always a way to fix things and make amends.
As they rode the elevator Bucky turned to Steve with a smile. "So, miss me, punk?"
When the hell had Natasha’s voice become the devil on his shoulder that whispered his darkest desires?
“Sorry Tony, I happen to be Team Parker today.” Bruce yelled back from where he leaned against the wall. Still not breaking concentration, Tony easily blocked one of Peters jabs and called to Bruce, “The day you step in this ring with me is the day you can pick teams, Greenbean!”
.” Tony’s face changed instantly. He gave Peter a sidelong look and then glanced at Shuri, who’s face had broken out into what Steve could only describe as a shit-eating grin. Tony released Peter instantly and turned to T’Challa. “My good King, I beg your pardon, but I have pressing matters to attend to with my glorious science children. Science Squad, we are now assembling in the lab! You know who you are, lets go, get in the elevator!” He waved his arms in giant swinging motions to get them moving.
The first few minutes of the fight see three of the thugs on the ground and the conditions turning in her favor easily, even outnumbered as she is. That is, until she is hit simultaneously in the stomach and the small of her back with a stunning amount of voltage from a hidden device. Nerves feeling like they’ve been lit on fire, her knees hit the solid ground with a sickening crack as she lets out a grunt of pain. One of the devices is placed on the back of her head and fired again, more electricity flowing like molten lava through her body. The high voltage crackling against and inside the robotic parts of her body almost surely caused internal damage. Her left arm hangs uselessly at her side, the fuses blown out and her vision blurs in and out of focus.
“I do not believe Miss Maximoff was responsible for the attack. We have a situation very similar to the UN bombing, where someone wants everyone to think it was her. The Accord rule that Ross is operating under was for the chance that a team member went rogue. It is containment only, until the truth can be found, though I doubt Ross will limit himself. Ross wanted the Scarlet Witch, but Tony exercised his right as your guardian to take the responsibility and go in your stead.” T’Challa paused as the person on the other line answered his call. “Madam, it is urgent.” He stood and continued his conversation, explaining the situation and Ross’ actions, calling out to FRIDAY for help patching through the information to those in power.
Tony cut in, "No one could know, that's how they stayed safe."
He snarled at the voice before throwing almost everything he had into a roundhouse kick aimed at the unfortunate punching bag in their gym at the palace. It split open and angrily he pulled it down and threw it onto the pile with the others that had met a similar fate.
As they pulled out of the Compound and started down the road Sam nearly had his face pressed up against the window. He hadn’t been out of the Compound once since they arrived and before that he had only seen the city as they flew in on the QuinJet. Tony felt slightly bad for him, so he rolled the windows down and laughed as Sam stuck his head out and whooped as Tony hit the gas pedal.
. It seemed like years ago that Tony used to make fun of Steve, asking if he ever thought of competing in Ultimate Frisbee. Steve didn’t know why she was whispering, but he wasn’t about to ask, so he leaned forward slightly and whispered back, “Do you like to play Frisbee?”
Tony’s mouth twitched slightly before he tilted his head upwards and pressed his lips against Steve’s for a moment. Steve hadn’t even had time to respond before Tony’s perfect soft lips were gone and he was pulling back again. He couldn’t have that, not when he was finally standing where he had been dreaming of, so he leaned forward to chase Tony’s mouth and recapture those lips with his own.
It seemed like time was crawling. Finally, they were at the Compound. After landing the QuinJet they all unbuckled and started to gather their things.
Steve shot him his best ‘disappointed in you’ look he could muster, though if anything, it made the King seem even more proud of himself as he sauntered past him.
“Peter asked me that the other day, when I got distracted by you after your boxing session.” Tony’s eyebrow quirked in response. “I didn’t answer him, but the truth now is the same as it was then; I see someone I love.”
Gamora, adored her.
With all of the sass that could possibly be contained in just her voice, Steve heard repeat her answer again.
At the mention of the gift he stood and retrieved the drawstring bag it from his nightstand drawer. He loosened the bag and let the small heavy black metal box inside drop into his palm. It was a smoothly engraved, etched with a highly intricate design, with two small ovals on each side. “What am I missing? Apart from hitting it with the shield, I tried just about everything to get it open, but it won’t budge. Guess I’m just too
“I was jealous that you chose James over me in Siberia.” Tony winced as they walked. “Tony I didn’t-” Steve started, but Tony held up a hand and cut him off, saying, “I know, Steve, but that’s what I thought at the time.” He gave a half shrug as they climbed the stairs and stood in front of the doors. Steve hesitated, unsure as Tony pushed open the doors.
Peter nodded and tried to wipe the sweat off his forehead with his arm. “Alright, gloves up?” Tony asked. Peter nodded and they began to trade jabs again, Peter dancing around Tony and trying to stay light like Happy always kept telling him. From the sidelines he heard Bruce call, “Come on kid, you’ve got this. Knock him on his ass!” He couldn’t help the smile on his face, hearing the scientist whose picture was on the wall of his classroom at school, rooting for him to take down the billionaire in the ring across from him.
She was in such a state of distress she almost didn't she the shape standing in the shadow of the garage,
After splashing water on his face and trying to ground himself by clutching the sides of the sink so hard his knuckles turned while, he stayed hunched over the white porcelain trying to control his breathing.
T'Challa stayed silent, just letting the other man work through the feelings he obviously felt he couldn't confide in any of his other team members. He was Steve's right hand man, after all, his constant support and near lifeline since they had arrived.
Iron Man would retire. The Patriot was more than capable of preforming any duties Tony has preformed previously, and Rhodey would be better suited for it anyways. Tony wouldn't stand in the middle of the team and pretend it made them better. Once Rogers was back and James was on the team with him there would be nothing getting in the way of his 'moral compass'. Rogers would lead the team, as he always should have been able to.
They had spoken about how Tony and the others called him James and how he liked it because it made him feel like someone new. Not someone from the past but someone finding himself now. He had understood, and promised himself he would do his best to give his friend that.
move. Peter. He hears his frightened voice in his head over and over.
“I’d like to pretend I wasn’t happy to see you right now, fox.” She said as she descended and caught sight of Rocket. “You better not have broken my ship, Nebula.” He grunted in return, crossing his arms. Her response was to roll her eyes, but there was a touch of fondness behind both of their words and actions. Rocket introduced her to the others and she crossed her arms and appraised them each one by one.
The crowd was silent. “Layman’s terms; if the Captain screws up, its on me as well. He goes to prison; I go to prison.” The seemed to be a sufficient answer, because the next reporter was already moving on with the next question.
Clint angrily stalked away, saying something about taking a shower before going to
Sam couldn't help but watch in awe as Steve's face lit up. Just talking about Tony Stark suddenly brought more life to Captain America than anyone had seen in months.
The elevator door opened and Maggie and Laura stepped off with all of the kids. That was odd, since they hardly ever stopped on the communal floor, preferring to maintain their space and stay in the Penthouse.
James pulled back slightly and gripped Tony's face in his hands, making him meet his direct gaze. "Tony, I don't think there is anything you can't do. You got too many people who care about you. Maggie and Laura are like mother hens. Those kids adore you, you've kept both families from falling apart without their dads. Peter worships the ground you walk on. Pepper, Rhodey, Nat, everyone. And now you have me."
"Bravo, brother." Came the quiet approval from Shuri. She glanced at Steve, who also wore a small grateful smile as he watched the King walk away.
Hearing Laura talk about the caring kind person Tony hid behind all of his jokes, smiles, and winks left Clint feeling angry at everything that had happened and how he hadn’t bothered to care. No one was completely right and no one was completely wrong. All they would have had to do was communicate. Tony had known the Accords were shit, and he had planned to do something about that.
“Oh Tony, don’t tempt me like that.” Her voice was sultry.
Sitting back down, Steve saw Bucky enter the kitchen with a small smile playing on his face. "Buck?" He questioned. Bucky ignored him and instead called out, "Good morning, FRI."
He knew that voice. A relieved smile spread across his face as he turned and found her leaning against a marble pillar tucked into a corner by one of the staircases. She was dressed in the very simple but elegant long black dress he had bought her a few weeks ago in preparation for tonight.
Tony groaned as he picked up Cassie and Lila, one in each arm, and began to stumble towards the couches with Cooper hanging on to his leg like a Koala.
“Alright, everyone shut up, it’s time for some real fun.” Shuri said with a wicked smile.
FRIDAY flipped on lights as he moved forward, showing him the way to Tony's room. Reaching the end of a long hallway he came to a large white double door. He hesitated only momentarily his hands on the doorknob. "FRIDAY?" he called.
Tony felt like he couldn’t even breathe, his lungs wouldn’t open up, no matter how hard he gasped. A short cough made its way up his body and tore out of his throat, making a harsh, wet sound. Raising his shaking hand, he wiped his lips, pulling back and seeing crimson blood smeared there. Distantly, he heard James calling his name. He looked up in a daze, seeing his friend kneel in front of him, a hand bracing his back as he sat up. “Hey, hey, hey, slow down there, Tin Man.” Tony could see by the strain of his smile, James was trying to stay calm.
Tony opened his mouth to angrily cut him off, but Ross plowed on.
It had been almost a year since they left and finally,
T'Challa watched dumbstruck as Tony bent down on one knee and received three children barreling into his arms at near full speed. Tony caught them easily, though he swayed slightly upon impact. A fourth child, much smaller, was squealing in his mother's arms, tiny hands outstretched towards Tony Stark.
Natasha turned fearful eyes on James. “Simulation.” She stated. It wasn’t a question and the panic in her eyes spoke volumes. Steve felt his heart hammering out of his chest.
The look she shot him was answer enough.
Upon entering the QuinJet, he stopped short at the sight of Bucky leaning on the co-pilots chair, looking at him with a huge smile. Steve dropped his bag and in a few short strides he and Bucky were embracing in a tight hug. Although he didn't want to let go, he forced himself to loosen his grip and lean back, sharing a blinding smile with his oldest friend.
"Mr. Stark! Tony! Tony, you look fabulous, how are you feeling?" Tony stepped up to the reporter and gave her a lazy smile that stretched across his handsome face as he removed his sunglasses.
He chewed on his lip for a moment. "It's just…I'm not the Winter Soldier, but I'm also not Bucky, as much as I wish I could be for Stevie's sake. I just feel like I'm on a constant journey through confusion and anger and I don't know how to navigate my way?"
"Peter, I can't keep excusing it when you skip class, okay? Aunt May threatened to cut off my balls last time." A pause. "Yes, I do think she would do it, without hesitation."
“You may have wanted to die but you didn’t. You wouldn’t leave me when I asked you to so I’m not going to just leave you. Like it or not we’re stuck with each other, so suck it up and start thinking of how we are going to get the others back.”
And then he started to try flirting with the nurse to get him to let him stand up."
Turning back to Rocket she said, “I have already met three others from Terra. They fought with us on Titan.”
Bucky's face held so much hope and surprise Steve felt his heart stutter.
She saw deep blue eyes and felt an intense weight of love associated with them. Suddenly, the crystal clear memories of fighting family, the confusion and anger and despair at realizing they were lost. The pain of the words the blue eyed man aimed at her. Didn’t he understand that she loved him? Didn’t he understand that she couldn’t lose him? He chose someone else. Bucky. Who was Bucky? Then the images and memories of trying to help and failing, a deep secret and yet again an even deeper painful betrayal. Being left laying in the cold after the person she loved most had beaten her within and inch of her life and then left her there. Anger again, burning bright and then fading. Realization that Bucky wasn’t to blame. Guilt over what she had done to him. Wishing more than anything that things could have been different. Finally accepting that they wouldn’t change, it was too late. Peter. Trying to teach and protect Peter. Be better for Peter. Keep him safe, that’s all that mattered in the daylight. Not all that mattered after the day was over, though, since she was still haunted by dreams of blue eyes and sandy blonde hair. Art that she couldn’t bring herself to throw away and a small communication device she carried with her everywhere she went.
She gave him an understanding nod and a small smile which he returned. “Come on, lets get out of here before they think we killed each other.” They stood up together and shared a last hug as Tony held open the door for her and said, “Oh hey, that reminds me. When we get upstairs check the counter. Vis mentioned that your headphones broke. We picked up some new ones for you, but I’ll be honest, I don’t know how good they’re going to be.”
“We just thought we’d play tagalong today, that’s all. Clint issued a challenge this morning and well, you know me, I couldn’t just let him win.” Natasha said as she smoothly slid out from her perch over Steve’s shoulder and began to walk over to the table with Bruce and Thor trailing after her.
"You can choose not to sign, of course. If you make that choice, I will do my best to help relocate you somewhere safe where you must keep a low profile. I can no longer afford to risk my country's political standing. For that I am sorry. As I said, I will do my best to find the next safest place for you. Is there anyone who does not wish to sign? You are of course permitted to take some time to read over the new Accords before making a decision."
“How are things at Stark Industries, Miss Potts?” He asked kindly. She gave him an appraising once over before she answered, “So far, things have been going well, we will see how they go after tomorrow morning.” Steve felt a little lost, was he supposed to know anything? His confusion must have showed on his face because Rhodes clarified, “There is a Press Conference tomorrow morning, Rogers. It’s to re-introduce the team to the public. Tony will be giving a statement.”
"Well, that was Mr. Tony Stark, and it sounds to this reporter like he is more than physically recovered and better off than anyone had guessed! We will be right back here at the Stark Charity Gala!"
“Gym was fine; Scott is doing really well with his hand to hand.” He answered.
Steve shrugged, “I’ll take that chance. I just need you to hear me out, please.” Tony fumed, “Did you not hear? I don’t give a flying fuck what you have to say to me anymore, Rogers.”
Tony did his best to suppress a smirk as his eyes landed on the King, who was indeed trying to politely edge away from the older woman who was clearly leering at him under her pancaked makeup and claw like hand resting on his bicep. "Well, lets go see if we can offer him a way out that doesn't involve the old bag taking off his suit, shall we? Let me know if the cameras show up again."
"How are you feeling?" He piped up from the couch. "Fantastic." Came the monotone reply.
T'Challa had made arrangements for Barnes to be brought out of cryo-sleep in a few weeks' time while he was traveling home the night after the Gala, now over a month ago. After listening to Tony's plan, he knew he didn't need to worry about the man's intentions or the safety of Barnes.
"And then I was standing in that fucking bunker in the middle of fucking nowhere next to someone I had really believed to be my
"You don't look fantastic." He pointed out. He knew he was pressing Tony's buttons. They had gotten really good at it after spending so much time together. Bucky really enjoyed Tony's company, it felt like a real friendship. Tony saw him exactly as he was, not as he remembered or wished he would be. It was refreshing.
“No please, Tony, please don’t. It was my fault. I lied to you, I didn’t mean to hurt you, I swear I didn’t. I’m so sorry I left you, I’m so sorry it split the team.”
He heard Tony's fond chuckle after ending the call. He nearly jumped out of his skin when Sam suddenly appeared at his side in the hallway. They looked at each other in silence for a moment before they heard Laura Barton's voice coming from the kitchen with Tony.
Avoiding the front Gates, he backtracked over the field and entered the Compound from the garage doors. Riding the elevator up, he stepped in the kitchen. It was still early, so he didn't expect anyone to be there. He had this routine for the last 2 weeks, and no one ever was up this early. Truthfully, he liked the alone time, but he also hoped that at some point he might see Tony. In the last 2 weeks he hadn't seen him even once since that first day.
The amount of hope and happiness Steve felt with the last option was potentially the most dangerous avenue of thought of all; Tony knew what he said and did, and he had meant them. He tried to hold off that thought as much as he could, knowing that if Tony rejected him, it would only hurt more.
“Suppose there ain’t a lot of hope for my friends, neither?” Rocket continued. Thor placed a heavy hand on the mammal’s narrow shoulder in comfort. “They went to check on the Collector. Thanos had the stone, so he must have gotten there before them… Or they were unable to stop him. I am sorry, my friend.” Rocket didn’t answer, he just continued to stare at the floor.
"Don't make promises you can't keep."
T'Challa thought he truly deserved some kind of celestial blessings just on the basis that he hadn't exposed any part of the plan to the Rogue Avengers. Even when insults about Tony and his character had been hurled constantly around the room.
The Avengers all cried out in response and moved forward, but Natasha, James, Vision, Bruce, and Rhodes all quickly formed a defensive wall and held them back while the guards pointed their guns at them threateningly. Tony held his head high as the guards grabbed him and pushed him up to slam against the wall, pulling his arms behind him and securing the cuffs on his wrists tightly.
Carefully he maneuvered them both away from the bar and pushed Tony until his back was against the window and Steve was pressed into him everywhere he could possibly manage without hurting him. Tony pushed back and moved one of his thighs between Steve’s own, giving Steve a small amount of friction in just the right place, causing Steve to moan against his mouth. In response, Tony’s tongue delved past his lips and explored Steve’s mouth, slowly sucking and caressing his tongue and making his head spin.
“I think I’d scare him, if I ever said it, but… well, Mr. Stark, he kinda saved me.” Peter mumbled. “It’s not that I don’t like you, sir, but…He’s my family and you hurt him. What you see now, that’s months and months of work from Nat, Rhodes, James, Laura, Maggie, me, all of us. You didn’t see him after, you didn’t have to see how you broke him.”
Sam nodded and watched Tony purposefully stride towards the snacks isle of the store. “That sounds fun.”
Everyone began to put their things down and head towards the elevators. Steve lingered, watching Peter hang back and stand next to Tony, who turned towards him and softened his gaze.
He couldn’t bring himself to ask the question they were all thinking. Before he could try to begin finding the courage or his voice, Nebula turned on her heel and walked back up the ramp. She was gone for only a few minutes before they heard footsteps on metal coming back. Instead of her sure strong footfalls, the returning ones were shuffling, slower, clumsier.
“And while I appreciate your bravery, I wouldn’t want to trade a daughter for a son, so don’t make me go through that. We’ll get them all back, including him and you can meet him properly. He will think you are amazing, just like I do.”
He stood in the middle of the ballroom and took in the giant glittering space decorated in a tasteful way only Pepper could pull off for a few more moments, savoring the empty space a little longer before all the people would start arriving in a few hours and he would need to put on his "Tony Stark Media" mask. He still needed to go back to the Compound to change into his tuxedo, but he figured he would stop in and see if Pepper needed anything before he did.
“Is that safe, considering everything that Steven Rogers has done in the past?” Tony ignored this question.
Tony cracked open one eye to look at him. “You two both have your heads so far up your asses that one of you is going to have to just crack and make this real. I thought it was Steve the day you woke up, but then he turned chicken. So, I thought we were finally going to get an end to this misery when you woke up and showered him with that adorable shit about his eyes.”
Tony dragged them back into the guest room/command post with the others. Peter and Scott both eyed where their hands were joined but Tony silenced them both with one look. Bruce tried to hide a smile behind his hand. Suddenly, Steve’s brain kicked on again as he realized what Tony had said earlier. “What prank is this?”
"Sorry Sam, I suddenly got really hot and just needed a second to- "
Rhodes did not look impressed. “Taking care of yourself, really, is that what you’d call what you’ve been doing? Cause I would have to disagree, Tony.” Tony looked slightly taken aback by Rhodes tone. “Somethin’ you wanna say, Rhodey?”
He laughed a little bit at that before cutting off the noise with a sharp intake of breath through his teeth. Hearing the sound of pain, she turned back toward him.
"I've been trying to get in, I can't." Scott's said in a labored breath.
Tony nodded with a smile in return. "Well then, James, I'm absolutely starving, and there are some people upstairs I would like to introduce you to."
So he should be... What? What reaction should he be having?
She responded, smugly.
Tony’s eyebrows knitted together and his eyes looked distinctly sad as he considered James. “Of course I want him. Why the hell do you think this has been so excruciating for me? If I didn’t want him, I would have been able to either forget him or forgive him like I have everyone else. Do you think I’m being dramatic on purpose? Don’t answer that.” James smiled a little softer at his friend.
Suddenly everything he had rehearsed, all of the scenarios he had imagined over the last months became paralyzing thoughts. He didn't know what to expect and he had honestly never been more afraid.
She nodded back eagerly. “Maybe we will go outside sometime and play?” He said, a little unsure at interacting with kids but not about to let the little girl down.
He brings her face inches away from his own, putrid breath hitting her nostrils as he chuckles darkly.
T'Challa nodded, "Correct, Captain. In addition, your guardian will be overseen by a second individual, to assure that everything goes smoothly and you are treated well. That second oversight will be preformed by myself." He finished with a small smile at his seated guests.
Tony, Peter, and Shuri all took off for the elevator. Tony turned around and scanned the room until his eyes landed on Bruce. “Brucie-Bear, let’s go, you’re part of this Squad!” He made a sweeping hand gesture towards the open elevator that Peter and Shuri were already inside, both peeking out to see what the hold-up was.
Peter was far from a dumb kid though and the media had made sure nearly everyone saw a few of his more public scenes. They hadn’t talked about it together, but Tony had listened to every message Peter had left him, many of them were just the kid rambling about things happening in his life, with friends, school, and his aunt. There were a few though, where Peter would say he hoped that he didn’t let what people said get to him, that Tony was “really great man, just really really great, like SO good…and cool as shit. C-can I say that? It’s too late, I said it. Shit. Oh Shit-I said it again.” and Peter felt like he “needed to make sure Tony heard someone say it”. Tony wondered if Peter knew that he treasured those messages, saving them on FRIDAY’S private server.
"Are we all buckled up, kids?" Bucky called to them. Steve's heart skipped a beat at just how much Bucky's teasing sounded like Tony.
Ross had a gleam in his eyes as he watched Tony.
Rhodes flew over them then, holding on to Natasha's arm and dropping her in between Steve and James on the ground before landing a few feet away.
“Well, I am glad I brought Shuri to distract him. And I am very glad he is surrounded by friends. I think Shuri and I will stay a few days longer than planned.” Laura’s face brightened at that and she laid a hand over T’Challa’s. “I think Tony would love that, thank you.”
So here they were, camped out in front of the screen with the Queen Ramonda and Princess Shuri of Wakanda, waiting for the show to begin.
"You – What?" Tony stumbled.
So instead he went to T'Challa and made sure that the King understood what he was doing, that he didn't feel comfortable with any of it, and that the world may hold Tony Stark responsible for any wrong moves Bucky may make, but that he would hold the King responsible for any harm that came to his friend.
He would go and see the psychiatrist that James told him about, that was a start. Branching off from what Tony had spoken to him about, how he knew how to lead a team but not work within one, he can work on that. The first thing he wants to do is make the effort to spend time with and get to know his team on and off the field. Maybe there was literature he could look into? Who was he kidding, in this day and age, he was sure there was.
“I was so tired of being Captain America! I wanted to be Steve again, just for a while, and the only one who could even help me know how to do that was him. But the whole world was coming down on him. You don’t understand Tony; you weren’t on that train in 1945. Bucky died because of me, he fell because I couldn’t save him. I watched him fall off of that train. What kind of hero can’t save the people he cares about, his
T'Challa was sure that there was no air of royalty around him now, as he sat gaping like a fish.
“Here you are again, playing team leader Captain Mother Hen. You don’t get to tell me if I can drink or not. God, you always do this!” Steve, of course, looked completely taken aback by Tony’s annoyance. “I’m worried about you!” He shot back. Tony scoffed at him before saying, “So be
They all stood quietly and shifted their weight for a few long moments. Tony cleared his throat and Steve thought for a moment that he was going to volunteer, which was surprising since Tony had yet to train in any of the simulations with them. His injuries had prevented it at first but he had since healed, and while Tony would spar with James and a few of the others, he was always on the sidelines or absent when the team engaged in simulation training. Steve knew that his presence was the main, if not the only, contributing factor in Tony’s refusal to participate. Today though, Rhodes had all but demanded it, insisting that Tony be there with them now.
Spider-Man continued to hold on to the window of a building, attempting to shield himself from the wreckage coming at them.
"Uncle Tony, I made your favorite confetti cupcakes, you too Peter." Lila whispered.
Steve had the grace to look abashed. “Sorry ma’am.” He said, bowing his head slightly. By now, the rest of the group was coming around the corner as well. The nurse looked slightly exasperated at the sight of such a large group but her tired face gave them a small smile as they all shuffled into the large waiting room. The children were held tight and repeatedly reassured by their parents that Tony would be alright, he was just sleeping and they needed to be quiet so that he could rest and get better. Shuri and Peter sat against the wall on the floor together and the fear in their eyes reminded James just how young both of them really were. The nurse, Dianne, found some extra chairs as well as a few blankets for the group, since they had made it very clear they weren’t planning on going anywhere until Tony was able to go with them.
“-while the UN Counsel looks into the claims and evidence that has surfaced. The evidence itself was presented today through the lawyers of Stark Industries, written witness testimony coming directly from Tony Stark himself. Due to the highly classified and sensitive nature of much of the dossier, it has been ordered sealed to the public for the present. It is also still unclear how long Stark Industries has had this information. In a quote from the written statement that came from the company, the lawyers said they needed to postpone giving the evidence until such a time that the authorities could handle the situation safely. This also brings up the issues that arose last year with Stark himself and the Avengers. Schematics for what is referred to only as “The Raft” were released and Channel 7 is being told that during the short time that the old Rogue Avengers were held in government custody, they were being held here, by order of Secretary Ross. It is unclear how much, if any, of the evidence incriminates the Secretary himself. He and his people have been unreachable for a comment.
Confused, James set his spoon down. "Uh, the penthouse?"
“I wondered whether you had been able to open my gift yet?”
"I spent my entire life thinking that man took away one of the only people who ever gave a damn about me. He got behind the wheel, plastered drunk and he
.” Tony’s voice sounded broken with want.
The sat in silence for a long time, Tony still holding Steve’s hand tightly in his own while he rubbed his chest and took deep breaths. Steve wanted more than anything to reach out and comfort him, but he honestly didn’t know if that would make it worse, so he sat in silence and let Tony take calming breaths.
James twisted around suddenly as the phantoms of the memory came to life behind him.
“This has been designated at Nate’s room today, don’t you have your own room?” He said as he bent down to reach for the blanket again.
The voice of Pepper Potts interrupted anything else the kid was going to say. "Hey, Tony wants you to come in, he says he's got a bruise that looks like a spider-web, wanna come see?"
“Et tu, Bruce?” Tony quipped as his hand landed on Bruce’s shoulder with a fond squeeze.
"Alright everyone, we are going to run some training exercises." Rhodes said as he and James were standing in front of them all.
“He needs rest and any additional medical attention you can spare. I didn’t have much to work with on the ship.” She said, ignoring Tony’s words that he was alright.
Tony ducked under the ropes and stepped down from the boxing ring. He turned to pick up his duffle bag from where he had left it on the ground but found it gone. Turning, he made eye contact with Rogers, who lifted it up and held it out to him. “I was hoping that you and I could talk for a minute?” Tony lifted an eyebrow at him but took the offered bag. “You have exactly how long it takes me to get to my shower.” He answered and began walking away. James made eye contact with him but Tony shook his head. He could do this on his own. He needed to be able to do this on his own.
"That is wonderful to hear Sergeant Barnes."
Finally, Ross was gone and Tony and Steve were left at the counter. Tony’s harsh breathing could be heard through the recording, trying to compose himself. On the video feed, it looked as if he were alone, but of course Steve was still here, and everyone knew their hands were still connected.
“If the events in the past have shown us anything it is that no one, no matter their strength, intellect, or amount of power they hold, should be allowed to operate without some form of check to their position. This is in the interest of everyone, public and private citizens alike. However, the first drafts of the Sokovia Accords provided a way for the Avengers to be used in ways that could be considered dangerous, while limiting them from helping you, the people, in ways that were unacceptable. You all know the story of Sergeant James Buchannan Barnes, and by now I think I’ve made enough noise that you all know my story as well. If you go to the Smithsonian, open 9-5 Monday through Friday,” the crowd laughed at this, “You can see the story of Captain Steven Grant Rogers, as well. Our stories are intertwined, by fate, by fault, by God, or by sheer dumb luck. What the world often forgets is that these stories are what made us who we are. Behind my Iron Man suit, behind Captain Rogers’ mask, we are people, trying to do the best we can. Mistakes were made by all parties, multiple times. In the end, the one thought that I can take from this is that at no time, did myself or Captain Rogers, intend to cause suffering. Before you all crucify me for this statement, let me continue. There are always at least two sides to a story. Captain Rogers and I disagreed because we were unwilling to compromise and see the other side of the story.” He stopped for a moment, looking down at the podium, before raising his head again, his eyes steel in resolve. “People were hurt because we were unable to set aside our personal convictions. The Avengers team, Captain Rogers and I included, have all signed the new ratified Sokovia Accords. In these Accords, we hope to find the beginnings to a workable solution. The fact is, the world is not perfect, and neither are your heroes. That doesn’t mean we will stop trying. That doesn’t mean we will stop fighting. And when we fight, you can be sure of one thing, we fight for you. Not for politicians, not for fame or glory, for you. So that you can wake up everyday and love your family. So that you can go to bed each night, holding those dearest to you.” Tony’s eyes looked almost misty.
"Put him down?" Scott's voice sounded slightly sick.
“It’s probably gone anyways. Thanos would have made sure of that, so it doesn’t really matter.”
Seeing Tony Stark now, he could also see that the spark of life and hope that had previously driven him to become Iron Man was not gone, though now it existed as barely a dim flicker. The watering down by alcohol was not helping, of that he was sure. Oh the man was holding it together quite well, as only a well trained and seasoned actor could, but there were small imperfections in his carefully molded mask.
“My brother. My brother.” she sobbed into his chest. “I blamed you for Pietro. I hated you for it.”
He could only nod. "I'm sorry Wanda, I didn't mean-"
"What did he want?" She asked as they made their way over to the elevator. "I honestly don't know, he wouldn't say. But I've been keeping an eye on the news." He replied as they stepped on and the doors closed.
Scott's calm voice broke through the haze of anger, asking, "Is she happy? Cassie, has she been safe and happy?"
T'Challa turned away from the door slowly and raised an eyebrow at Tony, who now sat on the couch, surrounded by the broken remnants of the room.
They all nodded in understanding.
He has to release the video and then stand up and in the same breath, forgive the man. The orphan has to forgive the man who made him one.
Left standing there Steve’s mind couldn’t focus much beyond the picture Tony presented.
goodbye for us!” As the doors closed and he took the stairs instead. Maybe he could beat them to the car and make them all walk home. They deserved it for playing that dirty of a trick on him. And then betting on it? Unbelievable.
"Oh sunshine, that sounds perfect, exactly what I need right now. You go on ahead; I'll be right behind you." Tony gave her the best reassuring smile he could muster without splitting him lip open again. Peter gave her a smile and an enthusiastic nod.
was murdered, made for him into it instead. And after that? After that, they fucking
“Ask the Scarlet Witch.” He spat as he tried to walk away to the door, but it was still locked and wouldn’t budge since he had demanded FRIDAY shut down.
T’Challa stepped forward. “The Counsel is going over evidence against you at this very moment, Ross. This is a very foolish thing for you to do and you will not get away with it. They will issue your termination and a warrant for your arrest. If you hurt him or anyone else, there is no where on this earth that you could go where we will not be able to locate you.”
"I didn't deserve it. Your father meant to give it to someone who would treat it with the respect it deserved. I didn't do that then. But…" He took a step closer to Tony, who still had his back to him, but his head was cocked to the side, listening to what Steve was saying. "But, I swear to you, I will be. I wont-" His voice cracked a little bit so he cleared his throat and tried again, "I wont let you down."
T'Challa, however, remained stoic, his face unchanged until he forced a small smile and answered, "I find this to be a very interesting question. Of course, there is no right answer, is there? I believe that perhaps what we are failing to see is that they are two sides of the same coin. I do not see the world nor the choices we are forced to make to be so simple. I believe both men to be great leaders and worthy of recognition and praise. In fact, I pray we return to the truth I know we are all aware of, that both men were at their best when they were side by side."
“Clint. You trying to steal my word vomit record right now?” Tony tried to joke.
Scott didn't seem to care he was there, apart from missing his daughter Cassie and sharing the same situation Clint did. His family was also missing, ex wife and all.
Okay, so I had such a good time with Science Squad, I couldn't help but have more fun with this chapter as well. I wanted a little bit more lighthearted feelings before I dump some more serious stuff on. Enjoy!
Things really only got worse from there.
Steve’s heart melted, knowing that Tony had tried to keep the image of the children’s fathers positive, even after they had left them for Captain America’s agenda.
Looking at it now, "masterpiece" didn't even begin to describe it. Bucky could hardly believe his own eyes as he held it up and admired it, flexing the fingers and rolling his new wrist. Tony had matched his skin tone exactly and the material looked and felt exactly like human skin.
. He sat down on the stair next to his friend. “You know; the view is way better in Tony’s room.” He stated. When Steve’s cheeks reddened a bit he continued, “I think there are even chairs in there.” Steve rolled his eyes and bumped him with his shoulder. “Oh, you thought I meant Tony was the good view?” James played dumb, causing Steve to laugh out loud and reply, “Wow, yes, now why would I have thought that?”
"Fuck you." Tony returned.
On his knees, Steve took Tony’s free hand in his so that he was holding both of Tony’s perfect hands in his. “Please listen, please, just let me talk.” Tony looked like he was about to argue, but Steve gave his hands a short squeeze and began.
He didn’t remember seeing anything about Tony signing his life as collateral for Steve’s possible future actions when he read the new Accords. If there had been anything about that he’s sure he would have seen it. Pacing the length of his room he thought about asking FRIDAY if he could get a copy of his signed Accords, but then decided that instead, she could just tell him, so he decided to ask her, “FRIDAY, the piece of the Accords that Tony quoted today, is that really in my contract?
Tony interrupted his stuttering, "How about James? That's a good strong name, and one I would think you are at least a little familiar with?" He felt his smile stretch wide. "Yeah, I'd really like to be James again."
“Promise?” Tony asked in a smaller than usual voice. Steve tilted Tony’s head to place a soft kiss on his lips before whispering back, “Always.”
Bucky turned around, an apple in his mouth and a bottle of water in his hand. He froze when he saw all of their gazes trained on him. "Uh… anyone hungry?"
“Clear out everyone, please. Give us a few minutes. Clint, Scott, go find your kids.” He gave Natasha and James both a nod and a small smile as he continued to hold on to Wanda.
?" Laura hissed.
Sam's voice was smaller as he asked, "You were there, weren't you?"
Tony looked up from the gadget again and answered, "Yeah?"
Steve's heart would skip beats as Bucky talked about the amazing technological gift that Tony had given him. They hardly spoke about Tony himself, though Bucky would often leave an opening in the conversation to give Steve a chance to inquire if, as Bucky put it Steve "ever grew some balls and decided to ask". He never did, and he knew that Bucky and T'Challa thought he was being ridiculous.
“See something you like, Captain?” Tony smiled with false bravado.
“It’s not real Stevie, it’s Tony, it’s in his head, it’s BARF.” Steve nodded dumbly at James. Right. BARF. He had watched the youtube video of Tony’s simulation more times than he was prepared to admit. He also knew from his phone conversations with James while he was undergoing treatment that Tony and Shuri had made huge improvements since.  But if this was BARF, it meant this was a memory. Is this what Tony had seen when he flew the nuke through the portal? No, the Earth was too far away. His head hurt and his brain struggled to wrap around what was happening.
They all gathered around the kitchen and couches spooning their ice cream, congratulating Peter on his paper, complimenting Lila and Cassie’s cupcakes, and fawning over Cooper’s trophy, which Clint had in on hand as Cooper sat in his lap reliving the moment he won to his father.
Before Tony could open his mouth and reply James was leaning forward, his feet and chair now on the ground and his face serious. “So what’s happening? You want him or not?” He asked, no longer content to beat around the bush.
She gasped, "
(See the end of the chapter for
Scott's smile was natural and his eyes were honest as he answered, "Absolutely."
"I would like to show you what I have been working on, Captain. As you know, the remaining Avengers have been operating within the Accords and in doing so I have noticed many things that need updates and amendments. I wonder if you would give me your opinion on a few of them?"
Bucky's eyebrows shot up at that. "They're here?"
“Oh my
"I am not saying you made the wrong choice. But you all did make a choice, and the consequences must be faced either way. Standing on one side insisting on righteous agreement will do you no good. I like you, Sam, and you are a good friend to the Captain. Continue to be this friend, he quite obviously needs it. It will not do him much good to continue to voice his agony to empty basement walls."
Tony only smiled wryly. "Good. As long as having that sleaze ball's hands all over me was worth it."
As they gathered the other items from the list Tony had pulled from his pocket Sam let himself enjoy being with James and Tony as they fought over which brand they should buy. James, growing up through the Great Depression was attempting to convince Tony that the cheaper brand was a smarter buy. In response, Tony took out his credit card and waved it under James’ nose, asking if he forgot who he was shopping with.
Steve kept his eyes closed and shook his head once.
Steve’s heart contracts at the sight. He would give anything to have those chocolate brown eyes stare up at him every single morning for the rest of his life.
’ James had said. So instead he carefully asked, “Would you like to lay down for a while?”
She scoffed at his response, “It is inconsequential. Even if it still existed I wouldn’t know which planet it was. Thanos took me as a small child and raised me.”
Finally, with a last squeeze of each others biceps and shoulders, Tony pulled back and looked around T’Challa’s shoulder, his gaze turning reverent and his utterly charming smile sliding into place as he stepped around T’Challa and held his arms out to Shuri, who stood with her own smile, watching her brother greet the American genius.
When Tony finally crawled into bed that night he felt like he would be able to sleep for the next few days.
"Leave the hostages? I don't think so." Scott retorted.
The decision to open it or not was made for him when the door is opened from the inside and he comes face to face with Pepper Potts. She stops short when she sees him and for a moment they just stare at each other. She recovers faster than he does and gives him a smile that scares him a little bit. “Hello Steve. I see you aren’t still glued to the chair.” She says sweetly. He glances to the side, unsure how to respond to that. He is shocked when she is suddenly hugging him, her arms around his shoulders. It is only when she whispers in his ear he realizes what is happening. “Treat him right. You take take one single step out of line and I will make your life hell.” She steps back and says loudly and brightly, “Good to see you Steve, take care!” And brushes past him, saying goodbye to the others gathered in the waiting room.
Tony stopped in his tracks again pivoted on the landing two steps above him. “Did Captain America just admit he was staring at my ass?”
“Oh James, I didn’t know you thought of me like that, I’m flattered.” Bucky threw his head back and laughed loudly. “You wish, Stark.” Tony smiled as he struggled to get up from where he is pinned, “Well, I suppose I have always wondered just how much
After greeting Wanda and Clint, he grabbed a towel from the closet and threw it over his shoulders, about to head to the bathroom for a real shower when he heard a noise from the basement. Pausing, he listened intently and heard the voices again. It sounded like Bucky, he must be on a video chat with T'Challa downstairs.
"FRI," he called, "What is Tony's status?"
"It makes me miss Thor, you know?"
“What, you don’t wanna have sex with him? Don’t lie to me Stevie, everyone knows you do. Just try and keep it in the bedroom, alright? The rest of us don’t need to be walking out and see the two of you-” Steve cut him off by slamming a hand over his mouth, his eyes wide and his face crimson.
He ran a hand over his face and set his elbows on his knees as he sat forward and thought about what Tony had said. Was Tony right, did he really only lead a team, never being a part of it? Did he even know the difference? He thought he had been a part of the Howling Commandos, but thinking about it now, maybe Tony had a point. He led the team and god help him, he mothered the team, but did he ever just sit back and take part in being with the team. Even when he was around the closest members of his team he didn’t let his guard down very often, he didn’t know how. He was always ready for someone to need him, because that is what he was good for, that is something he knew how to do. He knew how to be a tool in fixing something. When the others saw him, they mostly saw “Cap”. Even the ones who thought they saw Steve didn’t actually see him because he didn’t know who Steve was anymore. Steve had been Bucky’s best friend, Steve had gotten into fistfights in Brooklyn, Steve had loved Peggy, and Steve had gone into the Ocean.
“And Captain Rogers?” He asked. He and Laura glanced across the room at Steve, who was looking like he was in deep trouble with Pepper. “Natasha said that he took it really hard. Got physically sick. He was pale and shaking when James and Sam brought him upstairs and took him to his room for a long time. They only came out a little bit before you got here. I’m not really sure what is happening. He was distraught and Tony… well Tony actually tried to be kind. He had the girls make Steve a cupcake, and he let Steve hold Nate.” T’Challa’s eyebrows shot up at that. “Did he now?” Laura nodded. “It’s giving me whiplash to watch. They’re dancing around each other, but every time I try to bring it up to Tony he shuts it down.”
Tony’s eyes grew wide. “Rhodey-” He tried to warn the other man. Steve was just now noticing how absolutely livid Rhodes looked.
For a moment Steve thought that was a horrible idea, why make the kid see proof of Tony's pain? The thought was silenced quickly when Peter's face lit up at the suggestion. "A spider web? Dude, no way, that is so sweet. Yeah I wanna see, can we go now, is he ready right now, which way?" The kid was practically tripping over himself.
The next hour was spent with Tony screaming, cursing, breaking anything within his reach, and making sure that Ross knew explicitly how he felt about the plan that the Secretary thought he had been so brilliant to conjure up.
Sam was about to answer when Tony came strutting back up to them with his arms full of various candy and snacks. He dumped them into their basket with a large smile. When Sam gave him an incredulous look at the sheer number of items he only smiled perkier. “What? It’s for the kids. Well, most of it. The Pringles are mine, so don’t even look at them, Wilson.” He said, shaking a finger at Sam, who raised his hands in surrender.
Finally, after 10 hours of waiting, Tony stepped out of the elevator from his workshop.
Lila smiled back and said quietly, “Goodnight, Daddy.”
His surprised sound was muffled as Steve pressed their lips together and closed his eyes, reveling in the feeling of his lips moving in sync against Tony’s. He used one hand to tilt Tony’s jaw to the side to slot their mouths together with more pressure while he used his other hand to carefully wrap around Tony and pull him closer. Tony’s own hands slid up his back and tangled in his hair as they kissed.
T'Challa took the packet from him with a smile, "As soon as the rest of your team has made their decisions." Scott nodded and with a last smile darted out of the room in excitement.
The reporter was obviously not expecting this answer and she stood floundering for a response momentarily. That moment was all the King needed to nod his thanks and continue up the stairs to the doors of the Gala.
With the addition of a small wire, Nebula felt a sudden connection. The electricity hit her hard, but there was no physical pain.
Tony couldn't help think that if Ross was a cartoon, smoke would be coming out of ears.
"Alright, we will call the kid now, Rhodes and Barnes out." Natasha's face disappeared and was replaced by the screen connecting dots until the new call was answered.
She let out a small laugh and in her best Thor voice said, "You call this a storm? Ha! I'll show you a storm!"
Lila stood for a moment, chewing on her lip as she searched for something to impress Tony into giving her the treat. “I helped mommy watch Nate today and made us macaroni and cheese for lunch!” Tony turned towards Laura, who confirmed Lila’s story with a nod. Tony turned soft eyes on the little girl and handed her the Twix bar.
“The sacrifice was too great to bear, then, I’d wager?”
Tony scoffed, “It wasn’t a close call, Peter was fine.”
He pushed off the counter with a sneer, getting into Ross' space aggressively.
“Is your head alright, daddy?” Lila spoke up from the couch. They all turned and saw the three kids peering over the top of the leather.
“I see him put on a metal suit and take down bad guys all the time.” Clint insisted as Steve opened the refrigerator and popped open a bottled water, tipping it back and beginning to drain it with large gulps.
Yes, okay, I know that some of you are going to HATE how this went with Wanda. Let me explain a little bit to you, cause I didn't know I was going to write it this way until it happened.
"Oh, good, that's good. Are they wearing their costumes? I told Mr. Stark that I couldn't picture them in anything but their costumes, you know, like maybe they sleep in them." A smile was creeping up on the boy's face. "He thought that was pretty funny."
“So, how are things in Wakanda?” Laura asked. “They are very well, thank you. How are things here?”
Cassie slid out of Scott’s arms and began to walk into the kitchen when she turned towards Steve unexpectedly. She looked him up and down for a minute and Steve fought the urge to squirm under the gaze of a child. Finally, she stepped forward and whispered, “Uncle Tony says you like to play Frisbee.”
? He thought.
It was Rhodey who cast a glance over his shoulder at the them all before he turned back to the screen and answered her. "Yes ma'am. I mean, they aren't marked as fragile or anything, so we might shake them up a little, but they'll arrive in one piece."
Laura smiled affectionately at his antics and asked Scott to turn on the television. Something
“I find that I can ground myself to the present when I focus on one sense at a time.”
"Your guilt is going to eat you alive if you continue to let it." Steve's eyes snapped to hers, clearly alarmed.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Enough Stark! I know you've seen and heard what's happened. Now, luckily for you I have experience cleaning up messes like this, and that's exactly what we are going to do. We are going to make this whole thing not only disappear, but we are going to use it to our advantage."
He chuckled a bit more before answering her, "I've been having panic or anxiety attacks, whatever you'd call them, and I nearly lose myself. I'm not sure how to control them. It's like something can feel is always there, just under the surface. Nat, listen, the drinking and the smoking, I'm sorry you've been having to deal with that. And
Although he had told her quite a bit about the people in his life and the events, he had kept out most of his feelings about them. All she could tell you is that he missed those who had been exiled, but he had other strong and difficult feelings that muddled his thoughts, especially concerning the one known as “Captain” or “Rogers”, as Tony called him. He had been unwilling or unable to divulge much about that situation. The pain and avoidance in his eyes had told her that she should drop it for the time being.
They both laid together side by side on the mat laughing as Natasha and Bruce stood up.
“No.” Tony shook his head once. “Why? Why can’t you say it?” He pressed.
“You’ve never actually seen Stark in action, have you?” Natasha smirked over the rim of her coffee cup.
“Uh, sorry?” Clint offered, rubbing the back of his neck sheepishly.
They sat that way for another hour. Every now and then Tony would turn and James would rub soothing circles on his back while he dry heaves into the toilet bowl.
“Sounds great, Tones.” Maggie said. “We were just going to clean up a bit.” Tony looked around the room at that and Steve tried to suppress a smile. Tony clearly had the same thought he had earlier.
Tony sighed heavily and turned away from his friend to focused on removing his gloves instead.
He thought.
The most obvious one who was missing was Tony but as Steve looked around he noted that Spider-Man was also missing from the group.
Tony felt himself shaking, completely given in to the anger and pain that he had felt in the moments since Ste-Rogers had walked away. His acting was good, but it wasn't that good. Part of him knew this was real and it felt good to get some of it out.
Steve, James, and Sam were left standing in the darkness. Steve sniffed and wiped his eyes harshly, pushing the heels of his hands into his eyes. “Steve?” Sam called his name softly. Steve only shook his head and looked up at the ceiling. “Come on man, lets get upstairs.” He suggested softly. Steve again shook his head. “I-I need to talk to Tony. I have to talk to him.” James put an arm around his shoulders and tried to be gentle as he told him, “I don’t think that’s a good idea, Stevie.” Sam agreed, “Let’s wait, okay Steve? He needs time, and you need a shower.” They each took a shaking arm and let him out of the lab to the elevators.
Tony stood there staring up at Steve, chest heaving in anger. “We all watched as you raised your arms to me in the last seconds. Your repulsors hadn’t been damaged and you had a perfectly clear shot at me. You didn’t take it. Why?” Steve whispered the last word.
With that, Peter pulled on his mask and turned to walk to the middle of the simulation room. Steve climbed the stairs on unsteady legs and walked into the viewing room where the rest of the team had gathered. They were all heckling each other and joking around as they took their seats around the room, it seemed none of them were paying enough attention to notice the fact Steve had entered a while after they had.
Returning the Time Stone was simple. Bruce had told him where to go and he already expected the woman who stood to greet him just as she didn’t seem the least bit surprised to see him.
"I wish I could speak to him. Tell him how sorry I am for what happened."
Tony closed his eyes as a look of pain flashed across his features.
It had taken Science Squad about another hour and a half after Steve and Tony’s emotional display in the kitchen to finally find something that dissolved the webbing that was sticking to Vision and keeping their hands together.
"I was going to check in on Barnes. I didn't realize the Captain would still be there."
“Thanos stabbed him in the abdomen.” The warmth Steve had felt was instantly replaced with ice. “Thanos spoke to him, he knew Stark’s name. He told him that when he was done, half of Terra would still be alive. He told him that he hoped they remembered Stark. I know Thanos, he respected Stark, he was almost gentle with him. I have never seen him act in such a way.”
Maggie got all of the children together and ushered them through the door to the stairs and up to the penthouse, Nate on her hip. Laura ran out of the room momentarily and came back with a huge, nearly empty, bottle of very expensive scotch. Tony quirked an eyebrow at her and said, “Is that-?” She gave him a sharp look and said, “The one I took away from you a few months ago, yes.” She gave him a hard look. “Alright then.” He answered.
The best night of his life suddenly took a turn for the worse, because of course it did. They all froze when FRIDAY made the announcement that wiped the smiles off of everyone’s faces.
After a moment of hesitation while they all appraised each other, everyone began to move and break into the groups as he suggested. As civilians ran out into the streets, Steve and Bucky began to gather civilians to what they secured as a "safe zone". Spider-Man climbed buildings and helped people out of windows, lowering them to the ground with his webs.
At least he could distract himself right now by imagining all of the many painful ways he would punish them in training. The thoughts brought a small conciliation smile to his face. As he descended the stairs Tony’s words continued to echo in his ears. He groaned and ran a hand over his face with the realization he would never, ever live this down.
He stepped closer and rested a hand on her elbow before leaning in to whisper in her ear. "Nat, I made sure the camera is following me. I know this seems stupid, but its important. I'm a big boy, I can take care of myself. It's just a little make out session. I'll be careful and I promise I will explain it later."
“How the tables have turned.” Tony said wryly. “What do you mean?” Steve questioned.
Bucky promised to keep in contact with him as much as he possibly could before he boarded the stealth jet.
He rubbed them furiously as he gulped for air, trying to fill his lungs and calm himself down.
“Tony and T’Challa are good friends, then? He and I spoke a lot while we were hiding in his palace. But he kept their friendship pretty quiet.”
Scanning his hand and entering a few passwords, the door opened and they stepped inside. Instead of the complete silence she had been expecting, Nebula whirled around with knives ready as a female voice called out to them.
Soooo? Let me know what you guys think!
"The op went south. Spider-Man was hit and fell unconscious into the river. Tony dove in after him and some rubble fell on top of them both. The suit got them out, Spider-Man is alright, but Tony took a lot of the damage. FRIDAY read his sustained injuries; bruising around his ribs, a sprained wrist, a dislocated shoulder, and a mild concussion. The doctor says he should be alright, but I wanted to give you both a heads up before you got in. The bruising is…significant. His face especially. I just got off the call with P-Spider-Man. He's really shook up, says there was a lot of blood."
"Upstairs? You mean Nat?" He asked.
He gave a tiny nod to Rogers instead of any answer before turning back to find Tony had walked to the opposite corner of the ring to get his water bottle from where James was offering it to him. He watched as Tony lifted the bottle and squirted the water into his open mouth and over his face to cool down. He snuck a look at Rogers, who’s smile had been cleanly wiped off his face watching the water drip down Tony’s face and chest as he shook his head to clear it from the water and sweat. Rogers looked like he was having trouble even breathing, his adam’s apple bobbing and his mouth hanging slightly open at the sight.
Suddenly, Tony kicks his leg out and swipes at James’ feet, knocking him on his ass right next to him. “Not as long as it’s been for you, Snowflake.”
She only laughed at him a bit and held out her hand. He sat on the bed again as he deposited the box into her small palm. Holding up a finger, she pressed the tip of her pointer finger to one of the ovals and indicated he should do the same with the oval on the other side of the little box. For a moment, nothing happened, but looking closely he watched the intricate design begin to twist and shift, changing direction starting where his finger lay until it got to where her finger was touching. When it got to her finger, the pattern suddenly shifted and turned back towards his own finger, locking back into place.
For the next few hours they all tried to get a little bit of rest, but Steve found it impossible for him to actually fall asleep. His mind and heart were racing each minute they grew closer to being home. And for him, he truly did consider it his home. Anywhere his team was, anywhere Tony was, that was home for Steve. He wasn't naïve, T'Challla and Colonel Rhodes had made it clear what he could expect, which sounded like next to nothing. Steve would take that. For the rest of his life he would take next to nothing and be happy, as long as Tony was there.
“What’s goin’ on?” James said from behind them, coming down the hallway with Sam and Steve in tow. Steve’s eyes were red and he wasn’t meeting anyone’s gaze, but given what they’d all witnessed no one commented.
Everyone lets out a gasp, curse, or whistle as Steve disappeared in front of them. “Oh my god.” Peter whispers, “Can I have one of those?” Tony, coming back to his senses immediately cuts of that thought with an “Absolutely not, Parker! Hurry up guys, come on.” As he reached over to press the button on the bracelet and Steve is visible again.
“You can push all you want, Stardust, I’m not going to apologize for not leaving you behind.”
"What did you mean, that we didn't know how to disappear without help?" Steve asked. He had a feeling there was a lot more to that statement. Natasha never said anything unless she wanted it heard.
Steve hurried after him and tried to focus, saying, “You don’t have to be in the field to lead the team with me, you know that. You can lead with me on the ten missions you are on as an active field member and after that you can lead with me from base. You only want to be on ten missions with us, that’s fine, but the best can die from one bullet on the easiest mission. You already had a close call on that recon job with Spider-Man the day we came home.”
On the screen, as Vision got steadily closer to the trap, Steve felt his own smile begin to spread across his face. Seeing the rest of them looking so happy about this ambush they put together he felt himself let go of some of this usually stoic professionalism. He felt like a kid again, running around Brooklyn with Bucky. He tried to smother his own chuckle and Tony turned a little bit at the sound, looking at Steve in surprise. Steve raised the hand not currently stuck to Tony’s and covered his mouth.
“Do you now?” Peter asked. Steve opened his eyes and looked down at the boy in front of him. Peter wasn’t angry or resentful, he looked like he was genuinely asking and seeking something important.
His emotions had been especially thrown for a loop when the nurse mentioned the painkillers. She didn’t say what they were or how strong they were, but Steve had the sinking thought that maybe they had played a part in Tony’s affectionate gestures. Sitting in his solitude he could really think through what that would mean for him. Of course, it wouldn’t be Tony’s fault and if Tony didn’t remember, Steve wouldn’t say a word. If he did remember and it was a mistake, well, that would probably gut Steve, but again, he would respect Tony’s wishes.
Finally, Steve pulled back the slightest bit and looked down at Tony, afraid of what he would see there, even though Tony hadn’t stopped his attention. Tony’s eyes were hooded and his pupils wide as he looked up into his gaze. His breath hitched as Steve raised one hand to Tony’s cheek and cradled his jaw, thumb stroking across the stubble of Tony’s goatee. Leaning down, his lips were a breath away from Tony’s as he breathed out, “Say when.”
Once the stealth jet from Wakanda had landed, T'Challa had arranged for him to be smuggled out and taken by private car to the Compound Gates so no one would know where he had come from. They couldn't have anyone knowing he had been in hiding in Wakanda, otherwise they would know that the rest of the exiled Avengers were hiding out there as well.
Maggie and Laura immediately began to fuss over both Tony and Peter.
Tony pushed himself to his feet, trying to pull Steve’s considerable weight with him. “Okay, hold on Tony, my arm doesn’t bend that way.” Steve said, attempting to get up with Tony pulling his arm the wrong direction.
As they pulled out onto the roads and started the drive to the Compound Happy replied, "Yes Sir, Mr. Stark, the video has been up for a while now. I think you'll be reaching a new record of views before morning."
When Tony stepped off the podium and was hidden backstage he pretended to lash out slightly towards Ross before heading to his car and being driven away from the hoards of reporters.
“There is no team.” He shot back quickly, his eyes snapping back to the King’s. “Only a few broken individuals trying to salvage what was left behind.”
Steve stood there floored as the sassy kid picked up his book-bag and walked towards the doors. God he was so embarrassed. He wondered if the kid was going to say something to Tony about the way he had practically just leered at him. T’Challa gave the kid a fist bump as he walked by and Steve narrowed his eyes at the King, whose smile only grew as he pushed off the wall and made his way over to where Tony was leaning on the ropes chatting with James. The King continued to stare him down the whole way, obviously delighting in his ability to walk up to Tony while Steve kept his distance.
"PETER!" Bucky yelled over the rambling of the poor boy.
Tony couldn’t believe what he was hearing, what this man was asking of him. Why would he be interested in anything Tony had to say? Why would he think Tony would want anything more to do with the document?
"There is no easy way to say this, so I simply will lay it out for you. I only ask that you let me do so without interruption. Once we have finished, you may come seek me out at any time if you have anything you wish to say or ask."
James bumped his shoulder, “No stupid, I mean a psychiatrist. I was hesitant at first too, but its been really good for me. How about you come with me to my next appointment?” Steve felt incredibly unsure that there was anyone in the world with enough knowledge and experience to safely dive into the heads of the Avengers, but James looked hopeful and if it helped him to be more understanding of Tony and be a better team member, he supposed he could give it a try. James had been delighted when Steve had agreed. “Alright then, Stevie. I’ll see you in the morning. Everyone is going to gather to watch the Press Conference tomorrow at 10, try not to sleep in!” He teased as he shut the door, knowing full well that Steve would be up for his run around 5 or 6.
Tony's wry smile looked a bit more like a grimace. "I never meant to blame Barnes. I did in the moment and I attacked him, yes, but I never should have. My pain was in the betrayal of my teammate for the lie and part he played in hiding the biggest loss in my life. He knew that the person he was throwing everything away for was the person who had taken everything from me. So, I tried to take away what mattered to him." He shrugged, eyes full of guilt. "I don't have anything to say worth hearing to excuse how wrong and pathetic that is, and I know that. There isn't anything I can do to change it now; all I can do is fix what I can. And I can fix Barnes."
Tony's sigh sounded tired. "He's family now, Laura, I can't imagine this place without his homework spread all over every surface. And the other kids are attached to him. Which brings us to the elephant in the room. Have you spoken to Clint yet?"
They watched as Pepper turned to Tony, who stepped up to take over their pitch without a moments hesitation. It continued to flow seamlessly. All eyes were glued to the man as he stood tall and proud as he gestured to the files that had been distributed to each member of the table.
"I'm going to go get some of that pizza before the others get to it. Talk to you soon, Panther."
“I know exactly what they say and I know my rights. I am exercising one of those rights now; Amended Sokovian Accords Section 141 Sub-Clause E.”
Now, Tony had told him that he had lived because he loved Steve ‘too damn much’ and then gave him soft looks until everyone was ushered out so Tony could sleep. Steve had only been back in the room with him while accompanied by others as well since, so they hadn’t had a chance to talk or for Steve to look for cues. And what the hell did that mean for Steve? Could he walk into the room expect Tony to welcome his presence at his bedside? Would Tony allow him to reach out and hold his hand gently like he had been doing for over a week? Kiss his bruised wrists or run his fingers through his gorgeous hair? What he wanted was to close the blinds, lock the door, and slide into the small bed to worship the handsome genius. He wanted to feel his heartbeat under his hands, touch him in any way he could think of so that he would make noise, proof that he was still alive, still with Steve. He needed to hear breathy moans and gasps, approval for his presence. He wanted to feel Tony’s hands all over him, pulling him closer as proof that he wanted Steve next to him, not that he only tolerated his presence.
Steve didn’t know how long he sat in the room whispering promises and apologies and listening to Tony’s breathing. The door would open once in a while and one of the team would come in to see Tony and offer Steve food, drink, or just comfort, all three of which he refused. When the door opened again it was dark outside and he recognized the sound of Rhodes’ leg braces. He didn’t even bother to sit up or wipe his eyes, the Colonel could scold him and threaten him all he wanted, but at this moment he didn’t think he’d survive leaving Tony’s side for anything.
"Tony?" Steve called out. He knew that Tony was watching the simulation, he had to know where Wanda was and her state.
? If he had truly been in the bunker in Siberia and seen the things he claimed, how did he have the nerve to stand here and ask this of him?
Bucky's face scrunched in confusion. "Sharpie?"
“We thought you were in trouble, we thought you were hurt.” Steve choked out as he stood up with Wanda’s help. Tony’s eyes turned to steel, “Well I fucking am, but you can’t do shit about it, Rogers, except get out of my lab, NOW.”
His eyes searched for Tony in the vast wasteland and his breath stuttered again as he saw the carnage in front of them. On top of a large rocky embankment strewn with Chitauri armor was the Hulk. He had been speared through several times with weapons and was heaving large agonizing breaths as his body struggled to stay alive. His breaths sounded deafening in the silence of space.
There was no erasing or replacing happening here, just adding. The families they had known had been pulled apart and those who were left behind had been gathered together and protected by Tony.
Once they were back at the Compound they were greeted by the Barton and Lang children, all clamoring for Tony and rapid firing questions about his health and when he would be well enough to play games and go on adventures again. Laura and Clint stood in the background and Steve noticed that Clint had an arm wrapped around Laura’s waist. He gave Clint a pointed look and smile which Clint returned proudly. Tony indulged the children and gave them his undivided attention until Steve noticed his slower blinks and a growing tiredness in his eyes.
Tony’s smell was overwhelming whenever Steve was in the same room with him, but to be standing almost pressed up against him and have his face buried in his neck, Steve felt intoxicated by it.
He did his best to focus on washing his hair and body as quickly as possible, but he couldn't help himself, the serum made his urges difficult to control or ignore. Taking himself in hand he took care of his
“Lets play musical chairs for a second.” Tony said, as he started to come around to the passenger’s side instead. Sam stared at the keys in his hand. “Wha- Are you serious?” Tony slapped him on the back as he passed him and opened the passenger door instead and began to get in. “If you crash my car, I will have FRIDAY take over Red Wing’s system and he will spend the rest of his mechanical life bringing me coffee.” Tony said with a smile.
Steve felt his legs give out under him and nearly hit the ground before being caught by arms around his chest. He turned to look up into Clint's eyes as the man held on to him and hauled him over to the couch with Sam's help.
Peter continued to pout but had apparently resigned himself to his status as volunteer. Steve brought up the rear put a hand on the teen’s shoulder as he passed. “You’ll do great, Spider-Man.” He gave his shoulder a pat and then started to continue walking, but Peter’s voice asking him to wait stopped him. Peter’s eyes followed the forms of the others as they retreated to the viewing room on the balcony. Once they were out of regular earshot Peter focused again on Steve.
“Tony, please stop, tell us what that was in space, that wasn’t a memory!” Natasha cried next to him.
“And Steve can be pretty dense. He thought they came from you, but he wasn’t sure how you found them.” He returned.
Steve was floored. “How…? How do you catch all of this?”
"Your Highness, you are more than welcome to take a seat anywhere, just watch for crayons and orange slices as you sit down." Maggie smiled at him as she turned and began to pick up all of the children's items in the room.
The three of them sped down the streets to the nearest grocery store leaving behind the oppressive situation the Compound couldn’t help but constantly remind them of. They pulled into the store parking lot and James snagged a cart out of the cart return as they walked in.
, I would’ve thrown up at just how fuckin’ cute it all was.”
Scott scoffed at her comment, "Are you serious, Wanda? If I can go home, I'll share the same godman bed with Stark, I don't even care. I want to see my daughter."
she thought as she adopted a fighting stance and pulled her knives.
She replied.
Tony clapped his hands together suddenly, making everyone in the room jump. "Now, I am sorry for the worry and pain I caused you tonight. It's very important that no matter what anyone says about me or what you hear, you don't correct them. Let the names flow, they aren't anything I haven't been called before. Your highness, if you'll follow me to the lab, BARF is this way."
Tony made a sound of distress before he focused on Nebula again.
“Are you seriously offering to have ‘the talk’ with me?” Steve asked, slightly horrified. “You are lucky you have me, anyone else would send you in unprepared. I’m trying to help!” James cried. Steve groaned and scrubbed a hand over his face. “Look, I appreciate it, mother, but I think I’ve got it covered, okay?”
Sam popped out from around Steve's shoulder. "No homicidal tendencies?" He quipped with a wry grin.
“I think that I am in dire need of one of Miss Lila’s cupcakes.” He announced. Lila’s face lit up as she and Cassie bounced off the couch and ran for the elevator. Tony stepped in and caught them though, and whispered in their ears. They both nodded enthusiastically at whatever he said and continued to the doors. “C-Hawk,” Tony called to Cooper, “Do me a favor and help your sisters, bud.” Cooper jumped off the couch and followed the girls as Tony called, “Hey bring that archery trophy back with you, I don’t think your dad has had a chance to be jealous of it yet.” Cooper looked slightly apprehensive as he glanced from Tony to his father, but ended up giving a small nod as he blushed and left the room.
"You said, provisions?" Clint observed. "What did you mean?"
Happier now, she let herself be herded back towards the door to the stairs with the others.
That was enough for Steve to lose it completely, sinking onto the bed next to Tony again and bowing his head while he cried and laced their fingers together. “I look that bad?” Tony’s voice was dry and cracked and the most beautiful sound Steve had ever heard. He laughed a bit through the tears and shook his head, still looking down at their hands.
"If you are expecting a warm welcome from any of us, you'll be disappointed for a long time, Barton." Rhodey called back from his seat.
"However," Rhodes added, "with Tony's current injury he will not be able to participate in this simulation. He will watch and guide us from the sidelines, giving pointers, observing, and recording data that will help us later."
Bucky returned the sass with a grin and quick, "It might be all coming back now that you're
"Yeah, sorry about that, I didn't get any of your 32 messages."
"Let's take Door C, Sir and get you home instead. That saves us both from any embarrassment that options A and B would cause us." Happy replied as he opened the door for him.
“Oh my god, have you been reading Chicken Soup for the Soul or something, Rogers?” Tony scoffed. Steve shrugged slightly as he replied, “I… don’t understand that reference. But I have been reading some team building and relationship material. Someone pointed out to me that I haven’t been as effective of a team member as I imagined I was. I’ve been trying to rectify that.”
It was Wanda who spoke up. "If this is Stark's simulation, why is he not here?"
, he thought to himself. He turned and walked towards the elevator and as the doors closed he heard the barely audible response from Tony's lips.
"Is this some kind of penance?" Steve asked from his spot on Bucky's bed as Bucky was putting the few personal items he owned into his duffle bag. "Do you think you should offer yourself up to him because of what happened to his parents? Buck, you
He lifted his hand, where the stone floated harmlessly. Mockingly innocent, as if two of the best people in the world didn’t have to die for him to be holding it here.
Once, on Tony's way out the door to a meeting Pepper had insisted he attend, Steve had stopped him to tell him his tie wasn't straight. Steve had barely caught the quick, "Its not the only thing." Before Tony had continued smiling and told him that it would just have to do since his hands were full, his tablet in one hand and a thermos of coffee in the other.
“Of-fucking-course.” Tony spat out. Steve bit his tongue when his automatic response was to say
Steve lifted his gaze and met Tony's brown eyes. He wished more than anything to walk away from this right now, but he knew it was too late. The fire had been lit in Tony's eyes and it was raging at a full blaze. Steve could only steel himself, raise his chin and let it come.
"He doesn't know anyone in there, right?" Steve couldn't help but warm a little bit at Scott's concern.
Tony stopped suddenly and help very still before slowly turning to face Bucky on the couch. "Uh…No. No I don't." He sighed and ran a hand over his face. "Damn, me and my big mouth."
“You left out how you’ve put yourself in danger, again.”
CHAPTER 20
“How about you confirm his theory on what that Super Soldier serum did for you.” James said as he waggled his eyebrows at Steve. “Come on, don’t be a blushing baby, Steve! I know you’ve thought about it. I also know you never got the chance to be with Peggy, or anyone else I'm guessing.” Steve blushed hard and looked at his feet. “You wanna talk about it before your first time?” James offered.
“First of all, you are a person, not a part. Just because someone has added a part to you doesn’t mean you are any less of a person. It was without your consent and it wasn’t done out of love or care for you. You are a person, Nebula, and you deserve to be treated like one. I’m sorry you weren’t.”
Bucky's smile now stretched across his whole face, lighting it up in a way Steve never thought he would ever see again. His heart swelled as he thought of the cause; Tony. The man who hid behind a façade of thorny distance and lone wolf persona.
Sitting aboard the Milan traveling through space might have once been a dream come true for Tony Stark. After New York, it should have been an experience that drove him into a debilitating anxiety attack. Now, however, it provoked nothing in him as he sat and stared blankly out the ship to the vast darkness of space. He was too numb to feel anything at all. Apart from her giving him instructions how to pilot the ship, neither he or Nebula had spoken much since she helped him limp to the ship back on Titan. He hadn’t said a word, only silently let her patch him up with the few materials she found on the ship. Even when her inexperienced fingers prodded him in ways that should have easily been painful, he barely flinched.
“See you at home, kids.” He grinned as he turned back to the table and the file with Pepper.
“Peter!” He exclaimed.
Complete faith in Tony.
"Yeah, see if you can get the kid to relax a little. He's sure its his fault. Pepper and Happy are with him already as well."
He remembered days trying to catch up on pop culture references just so that when someone made a joke, he could participate just to see Tony's eyes widen in shock before that gorgeous smile would take over. Alternatively, sometimes he would avoid learning more about a subject because he loved seeing the fond eye roll and bright smile Tony would have in response to his confusion.
Tony and Bruce spend a lot of their time in the workshop, falling into natural step around each other while Natasha watches with a smile, calling them adorable Science Bros.
Tony gave her a nod, then turned and gave Peter a pat on the back before turning away to heading up some stairs onto an overlook. Rhodes and Bucky handed out comms to everyone as they all stood there, absolutely dumbfounded with their gear.
Turning back to Tony's side he leaned down to hear what the man had to say. Tony mumbled, "With you to the end of the line, too."
“I had one fear Steve, just one. And guess what? It came true. You left. I thought it would be you dying, but there is more than one way to leave someone, isn’t there?”
"I didn't want to let the people go. I was so close. And…I didn't want to listen to Captain Rogers." Peter's voice was a whisper, but Steve had the serum. He could hear it just fine.
!” he argued,
“He tried to hide it from me, but even Tony couldn’t hide being that broken. He loved you, did you know that?”
“Tony?” Steve said weakly, looking down at their hands, still webbed together.
Between that thought and the progress they had made with BARF, he thought he finally saw a light at the end of this long road. Tears sprung to his eyes as he sat in Tony's chair.
, he thought, for the Soul Stone to reside where it was completely Soulless. As he looked down at the stone in his palm, glowing dimly in the darkness, he felt grief hit attempt to overwhelm him all over again. Steeling himself, he pushed forward and walked the path in front of him.
"Oh really?" Tony responded, rubbing his eyes "Good to know. In fact, I have a few projects that could benefit from a second set of eyes."
Steve looked forward to Bucky's calls to T'Challa. He had made Bucky promise he would call as often as possible and once Bucky had made it to New York and was safely in the Compound, he was good about checking in with the King a few times a week.
Clint took a steadying breath and walked into the kitchen, leaning on the counter near Tony, who he knew was watching every movement he made, but was trying to pretend he wasn’t.
The King nodded his acceptance.
So yes, tonight at the Gala would be fine. He would schmooze and sweet talk his way around the event all night seeming to have a wonderful time, and then he would go home feeling empty until he reunited with his little family that he had been fortunate enough to start building here in the Compound. He could forget for a while that half of his family had walked out on him. Then, he would fight with himself over the idea to go down to his workshop and consume as much alcohol as he could before he passed out.
Tony may have still been half asleep but if there was one thing the man is not, its slow. His eyes flashed angrily, the milk chocolate pools suddenly turning a dark cocoa. He opened his mouth to respond but Natasha, now on her feet, beat him to it.
. Team Captain. Finally, not Rogers, but Cap. It wasn't Steve, but it was a step that way. And it communicated, by saying Team Leader, that Tony still felt like Steve could run this team.
Everyone shifted uncomfortably as they stood in the training basement with Shuri speaking to them from her place on the balcony overseeing them. She smiled though, and continued, “But first, I have also designed some warm up simulations, just to get us all excited and feeling loose.”
Word would be put out that, wherever he was, The Winter Solider was welcome back to the United States, under a very strict contract that kept him under the supervision of Tony Stark and his Avengers.
Wanda sadly shook her head at him. "Steve, we all adore you, you know that. We followed you here because we believed in you and believe in the choices you make. That doesn't mean we don't understand that you are human. You
Fifteen minutes later they all met in the garage, wearing hats and sunglasses in a sad hope to attempt to go out with some anonymity. Getting into Tony’s White Audi R8, Sam looked like he was about to die of happiness as James let him slide into the front seat. Once inside, James leaned forward between them and said, “Sam, I’m going to ask you this only once. Can you move your seat up?”
"I won't push you into anything, you can admit it on your own time, but we all know that you haven't told us all the entire story. Something is slowly killing Captain America, and it's doing a better job of it than any other obstacle he's encountered."
, Steve thought,
Alright, fair warning, this chapter gets a little dark. There is a surprise twist as the end that some people might like and some others may hate. It is what it is. Also, I know that everyone is looking forward to some Stony conversations. I promise we are SO close, just hang in there!
He smiled ruefully.
“All the power they wield, but they never overstep. Can you imagine if they didn’t have the morals that they do? The things and people they could take advantage of?”
"Quite a show you put on, Mr. Stark." He hoped that this tone came of as light.
Partway into the conversation Steve had pressed the button on Shuri’s bracelet again, becoming visible. They all watched as Tony got angry, and then watched in some amount of awe as Steve literally sank to his knees and begged for the genius to listen to him. As Steve recounted his failures in the war, the worst being letting Bucky down, James bowed his head from his place on the sofa. T’Challa watched as Sam and Rhodes put a comforting hand on each of his shoulders.
Natasha laid on her back, her eyes were wide and unseeing, blood on her forehead. There was no movement of her chest. Dead. Clint was close to her, his body upright but slumped at a gruesome angle, his quiver empty, blood running down his arms and face, his hands no longer had a grip on his bow or the last arrow across his lap. Thor was laying across the ground below them, his eyes closed, hammer lying just out of his reach. Again, no movement. Steve truly felt like he was going to lose his lunch any second now.
"Do you refer to Sergeant Barnes or Mr. Stark?"
“Tony, tell me what you need baby, tell me how to help you.” Steve whispered as he bent his forehead down to rest against Tony’s.
“So?” She demands.
They stare at each other for a moment, her trying to figure out why he would risk himself for her, him trying to understand why she was surprised he had done so. He casts a glance behind him before sighing and again asking, “Do you think you can you stand?”
He then turned to the rest of them in the room who were all now standing and looking to him for guidance on how they would handle the situation. “We don’t know why they are here. We stay calm. Do not give them any reason to be aggressive. We know how Ross feels about all of us, don’t give credit to his claims.”
Of course he hadn't. After the guilt he had heard in Steve's voice he knew the man felt conflicted enough. He had made a questionable choice in a moment with limited options. As much as Steve tried to maintain his position, it was clear that he wished it hadn't ended in the way it did. T'Challa himself was unsure how he felt about the situation. If anything it had shown him the devastating effects of not communicating with those you care for.
Steve had never given up in his life and he wasn't about to start now. His heart was beyond shattered, so what, men survive worse. He had survived losing Bucky back in the War, when he woke up from the ice he survived losing nearly everyone he had ever known, then he had survived the loss of Peggy. What was the loss of Tony Stark?
Tony came to an abrupt stop one stair above Steve and turned around to level his gaze at Steve, considering him. Steve did his best to stand still and keep his eyes on Tony. Their faces were nearly level, Tony only a bit above him. All Steve would have to do is lean forward and tilt his head slightly and he would feel Tony’s lips against his own. After a few moments passed Tony finally murmured, “You’ve also been practicing your listening, I see.” His eyes flickered to Steve’s lips for half a second.
Keeping her mind from wandering is a task she has never had much trouble with – until now. Thoughts and memories of Gamora haunt every step she takes. They had just begun to be sisters, just started to try to understand each other. Thanos had
"I didn't realize we were babysitting, Tony, I thought this was a team." Rhodes said, clearly unhappy that they were being called out.
Tony nodded. "I need the King here to helpfully suggest that my BARF technology could help a certain Winter Super Solider take his life back and fight for the good guys. Everyone loves and underdog comeback story. They'll dump a brainwashed assassin in my lap and tell me that upon pain of death, I am supposed to fix him. Publicly, Ross will demand I smile and forgive Barnes. In private, I give just the right amount of believable push back and Ross thinks that he has me dancing on his strings. Once Ross is convinced we have the Winter Soldier on our side, he will be eager to correct the very public blunder of the Avengers break up. He will use Barnes' situation to offer the proverbial olive branch to the wayward Avengers and tell them that they are welcome to come home. After all Rogers did for Barnes, Ross would be right to assume that he would come back if it meant he got to be near his precious "Bucky". Ross thinks that Barnes will be the key to keeping Captain America in line and Captain America will in turn keep me in line."
To his credit, Ross didn't back down and returned Tony's sneer from across the counter.
“What about Steve?” He tensed at that. “What about him?” She turned in his arms and looked into his eyes. “Why have you not forgiven him?” Tony sighed in a long suffering way. “It’s not as simple.” He tried to shrug it off. Wanda looked unimpressed and retorted, “You and I, sitting together, a crying mess on the floor, is simple to you?” Tony cracked a smile at that. “What you mean,” she continued, “Is that your heart and your mind are not in agreement.”
Bucky nodded, "Yeah, Steve, its…well its home."
Tony’s eyes widened and he choked out, “What?”
“You talk a good game about trust and teamwork and stronger together, but you don’t practice what you preach. You always work alone and you always keep things to yourself, yet you have the gall to fault me or anyone else when they do the same? If there is one thing Captain America can’t abide, its weakness. Guess what, Cap? Your weakness is that you never outgrew that kid who got into fistfights alone in back alleyways. You refuse to ask for help, you refuse to show anyone around you a crack in that Captain America persona.” He shook his head. “At least I’m aware of who I am. I don’t pretend not to have made mistakes or have massive faults. If I have a question I go to Nat, Bruce, Rhodey, and all of the other people that I am lucky are still in my life. When you have a question, you sit on it and refuse to show it to anyone else.”
Steve shook his head. Of course, Tony would try and take the fight away from Earth, hoping to spare it the destruction and save the lives of the people. Tony was crazy enough to think that fighting The Mad Titan out in space without more backup would be a better option than reaching out for help. No, that wasn’t fair. Tony was limited on time, and it’s not like Steve had a spaceship waiting around. Tony had sacrificed himself as the first line of defense. Steve didn’t even know the plan, but he knew Tony. He couldn’t help the sinking feeling that again, he had failed Tony.
“Its not like we were going to make more than one trip, Mama Bird.” He answered sweetly.
“Oh my god, Tony, just shut up.” Clint said weakly.
Steve and Scott both shot up from their places on the couch with the kids. “What happened?” Steve said as he rushed over to them. Clint waved at him with his hand on Visions shoulder. “I’m fine, Cap. Just took a hit while we were sparring.” Before he could open his mouth Vision spoke, “It was an accident, Captain Rogers.” He tried to assure him.
Everything he had thought about Tony, everything Tony presented to the world had turned out to be absolutely false. Tony was brave, kind, selfless, gorgeous, and so much more. He was everything Steve loved. He didn't know if Tony had felt anything for him in return, and it used to make him itch to know more, to find out for certain. Right now, however, he thought he would be happy forever, just to be able to stand near Tony and watch his back.
"Listen Buck-a-Roo, I was tired of you the first time I heard your stupid name, and each time I have heard it since its like I lose an hour on my life. I gotta tell you pal, you've been worse for my health than all the booze and cigarettes!"
. He could do this. Just finish and get out. Finish and then you can go home to the Compound.
Steve shook his head as he took another step towards him. "No, Tony, I don't care about Howard. It's you. And I wont let you down, again. I promise you that."
of anything.
"Knock knock." Tony called as he came strutting in with a packet of papers under his arm and a coffee in each hand. He was dressed in a fitted charcoal grey suit, his blue and yellow stripped tie loosened a little bit around his neck.
"I don't recall asking you to look, Barnes." Came Tony's snappy retort.
Sam and Natasha were listening to Bruce talk about the latest breakthrough in some new tech that he and Tony had been working on, doing their best to look completely interested instead of completely lost. Tony was in the corner of the room with Scott, who was showing him something he was tinkering with something on Cassie’s pink laptop.
One morning, a few days later, Sam, Clint, Steve, and Scott were coming back from the gym, heading to the kitchen to clear out all the food from the fridge when they heard suspicious sounds coming from the kitchen living area.
Steve and the others gathered around the table started at the warmth in FRIDAY's voice as she greeted Bucky.
Sam tried to look apologetic as he put his bags down too. “I think I had the bread, Mrs. Barton. Sorry about that.” Laura turned and gave him an appraising look before she smiled at him warmly. “It’s Laura, Sam. If you’re going to be squishing the bread and driving me crazy with Tony, you might as well call me by my first name while you do it.”
Thor turned to Nebula and gave her a nod of thanks. “You have taken care of our friend well, we are in your debt.”
Clint flinched at the the bite in his son's voice. "Coop." Tony said sharply. Cooper turned towards Tony and just shook his head. "You said I didn't have to."
“Hmm… puppy eyes, that could only mean one thing. I was supposed to get you little munchkins some treats or something?”
Unfortunately, the criminals are smarter than she might have guessed, as there are already four of them lurking in the darkness of the alley. Reversing direction to spin quickly on her heel she is faced with not two, but in fact four more massive and heavily armed thugs.
Steve had always been a light sleeper, and the serum hadn’t changed that. His time from the War made it so the slightest sound would wake him up. He shot up and looked around the dark room for the source of the whatever had woken him up but found nothing out of the ordinary. He turned back to Tony and his breath caught when he saw Tony move his head to the side and furrow his eyebrows. He tried to calm himself as he leaned forward and whispered, “Tony? Tony, can you hear me?”
Everyone but Natasha, who had gone with Tony, and T’Challa and Rhodes, who had gone to report to the UN, had come directly from the scene back to the Compound. Peter was on the phone with May while they were all piling into various vehicles and heading to the hospital. No amount of reassurances from James or Shuri would calm down Steve, who had been beyond distraught bordering on downright impossible since the moment the car had crashed. It had taken Sam, Scott, Clint, and Bruce to keep him in the compound until the others got back. After that, Steve was the first in the car, demanding they leave immediately.
Steve couldn’t muster even the smallest smile for her. “Thank you for allowing us to borrow it for a while.”
Ross looked around at all of them as he coolly replied, “I’ve come for a criminal, Captain. And while there are many in this room to choose from, I’ve come for only one of you. This time.” His gaze settled on Wanda as he nodded to the guards at his left. They stepped forward towards Wanda who immediately retreated further with a wild look while a red glow emanated from her hands.
"This wasn't supposed to happen. Zemo wasn't supposed to win. I can't even begin to understand how it was that we got here. At the raft Stark- Tony- he promised to go to Steve as a friend. He
Sam stood next to him in his gear, but without his wings. Clint was missing his bow and Scott was standing in plain training gear as well, since he didn't have his suit. Wanda was in her normal clothing. The others were all standing ready, Natasha and James had their guns and knives, Vision in his suit with his cape, Rhodes in his Patriot suit.
Tony’s eyes snapped up to Rhodes’ and a spark lit the dull orbs at the sight and sound of his friend. Rhodes recovered from his stumble and stepped to catch Tony in his arms as Nebula helped to carefully deposit him there. Rhodes clung to Tony like a lifeline and sobbed into his neck. Tony looked a little bit lost, his eyes wide as he looked at the rest of them over Rhodes’ shoulder. Upon seeing Bruce, he reached out with one of his hands towards the man. Natasha let him go and Bruce quickly took a few steps forward and took the hand in his own, reaching with his other hand to cradle the the back of Tony’s head which was still tucked over Rhodes shoulder in their hug. Bruce pressed his forehead to Tony’s and laughed with stray tears running down his cheeks. Tony only continued to stare back with wide eyes in shock.
He had known the King had been there, at the bunker, of course, since it had been the King who had captured Zemo. He would have had to have been. Tony was also quite sure that the only thing that had saved him had been the backup the King must have called, since his suit was completely disabled and he had no way to call anyone, let alone walk away from it himself. His injuries had been more severe than he thought. Tony could only guess now that it had indeed been T’Challa who kept the response team of soldiers who were sent to take Zemo into custody away from the bunker where he had laid.
With a last glare she turned to walk away in search of something for them to eat on the ship.
The weather for the press conference the next morning is positively dull. The clouds have rolled over New York, covering the city in a dingy grey as the rain drizzled relentlessly. Steve had come back from his early morning run thoroughly drenched, the cold seeping into settle in his bones.
He had whispered. No no no no Tony is sorry. So sorry. Peter was his responsibility, his death, his fault. Peter was his boy, his… his son. The son he so desperately and selfishly wanted to believe fate would let him hold on to and do right by. And he was just…gone. He lets out a small sob against his fist pressed to his mouth.
"Everyone, please take your seats and strap yourselves in. We will be underway in a moment."
Silence reigned in the room as they all sat staring at the screen.
As they watched, they all laughed at each other’s misfortune but cheered twice as loud when the team member in the simulation overcame an obstacle. Shuri was positively glowing as she worked in her element, controlling the simulations with perfect ease. Once in a while Tony would take the seat next to her, doing as she directed, but never changing anything without her permission.
“I told you, my name is Nebula.” She ground out.
Sam didn't even hear the reporter's answer; he was in complete shock. Yes, he seen old footage and heard all about the famous Tony Stark charm, but in the time he had actually spent with the man, he had never seen that side of Tony surface.
Steve’s face pinches and he visibly swallows. He doesn’t want to hear how his friend disappeared and likely died. And he did consider Tony his friend, even after everything, he still loved Tony like family. His disappearance and subsequent death had already been weighing heavily on him. He was able to keep his focus off of it due to fear, adrenaline, and a greater threat looming. Since having a few moments to mourn though, more than one of those stolen moments of tears had been dedicated to the memory of the genius. The words they’d never been able to say, the moments they missed and never had, the apologies he thought they’d eventually get to but that were now all too late.
Tony's eyes focused on a spot over Steve's shoulder for a moment before sliding his gaze and meeting Steve's. Steve felt his breath catch as blue met brown. No one moved, it was like the air was sucked out of the room as they simply stared at each other.
"The UN Security Council has pardoned Sergeant Barnes of all crimes committed while under the influence of the Hydra and The Winter Soldier Programing."
and as far as I'm concerned, every single one of them helped him do it."
Tony managed to catch up to Steve right before he walked into the invisible webbing strung across the hallway from wall to wall. Unfortunately, with the enthusiasm that it Tony put into grabbing Steve and pulling him away, Steve’s other arm had swung out a little bit and his hand came into contact with some of the sticky web. As Tony grabbed him by the collar and swung him into one of the other empty guest rooms, Steve had valiantly tried to right himself just as Tony had tried to balance him, resulting in them tumbling into a pile on the ground in the room. Tony sat up quickly and used all of his strength to push Steve off of him, of course, just as Steve raised his hand to push off of Tony. Their palms met and the webbing that Steve had been unlucky enough to get on his hand was now effectively sticking their hands together.
By popular request! Some of you asked to see a bit more, maybe see the evolution of the friendship seen in the first chapter, so here we go!
"Yeah, yeah. Next time you decide to stay out until 3 a.m. trolling for trouble, I expect you to own up to it and take it like a man, got it? Alright. I'll be there to pick you up later, Parker."
At 2 a.m. Laura had told him that she was tired, but that they would continue to talk. She didn’t promise anything and he didn’t ask her to. He felt lighter as he stepped into the elevator to go back down to the shared level below. On the floor in the elevator he picked up a small red bouncy ball and smiled.
The next interaction was worse, in an additionally bad way.
"The only thing that will pardon the Winter Solider is to expose the truth. What happened to Barnes, the horror he endured, the life he was forced to forget, and worst of all, the lives he was forced to take. The public needs to watch The Winter Solider murder Howard and Maria Stark."
“I had lost everything Tony. Peggy had just died; I hadn’t even been able to be there with her when it happened. She died and suddenly I was all that was left of the only life I had known. I was so lost and suddenly so alone. And then, Bucky was there. He was there and he was in trouble. He was the last thing I had from my old life Tony, the last link that I had to Steve Rogers.”
"Oh good," his voice was tired and cracked, "Gang's all here. Grab the ice Pep so we can go."
Tony raised an eyebrow at his antics but looked at the paper in his had, scanning the document for a brief second before he looked back at Peter again with a blinding smile to match the one on the teen’s face.
“Alright, clear off, it’s someone else’s turn.” She smiled at them both, offering them each a hand they used to pull themselves up.
Tony turned towards T'Challa again, "So, I promise that no harm will come to the fugitive you've been holding in your country."
"You know what that asshole did to me and to every single thing I care about? What all of them did to me? They took absolutely everything I had and then the cowards ran away! They crippled Rhodes, that witch almost killed Vision, and oh so righteous Captain fucking America and his psychopath boyfriend nearly ripped out the thing that keeps me alive! When they couldn't accomplish that, the Hero of the Free World brought down the shield that my father, the father that he
Tony nodded, rubbing the back of his neck. "Yeah, uh, after everything went down, Ross wanted to go after them for leverage. I couldn't let that happen. I moved them somewhere safe far away for a while. I would have brought them here immediately, but I wasn't in a good place mentally or emotionally. I was drinking and smoking constantly. I may not be a great with responsibility, but I do know kids can't be around that." He was tinkering with a few gadgets on his desk while he spoke.
He reached out slowly and gently took her hand in his while he knelt in front of her.
T'Challa had been heading to the basement to check on Barnes when he had heard Steve's voice. He slowed his pace as he descended down the stairs and his steps turned silent as he crept closer to the basement, staying out of Steve's sight.
"I'm getting way too old for this shit, Laura. If the drama in this Compound wasn't enough, that kid is going to be the end of me." He replied testily.
He scoffed slightly and returned, "The military pays me millions for my thoughts, you only offer a penny? I'm insulted Romanov."
"Happy," he called to his friend and driver, "Any chance you've been monitoring the news like I asked?"
that wasn't your fault, don't do this!"
“A little bit of fight in this one. They’ll have to break her, but she should fetch a pretty price.”
“And what exactly do you think you’ll be able to do to me Stark?” Tony didn’t answer, just continued to breath hard. “No answer? Shocking. I bet its taking all of your genius brain cells to try and form a coherent thought past all that alcohol. Tomorrow at the press conference, you’d better be ready to play ball. You can drink yourself into a stupor after you’ve smiled and charmed all of those important people in high places and the media. I don’t care what it takes, as long as it’s quiet, understand?”
T'Challa laughed and replied, "If ever you should need it, my borders are open to you. I think you might get along very well with my sister. She is quite good with technology as well."
One day he came back from his run a little bit earlier than usual. The rain had washed out his favorite path and left him soaking wet, forcing him to turn back early.
Wanda was still being held by Vision when she cried, “We aren’t just going to let this happen, are we? We have to go get him!” Natasha’s voice was shaky as she answered, “If we do it without approval, we go against the Accords and we all become criminals.” Scott’s voice was beyond anger when he said, “Ross is the criminal!” He turned to T’Challa, “I thought you said that you and Tony had this handled, you said that Ross would go down with the information you had on him.”
Tony shrugged, “Alright you don’t have to admit it, but it’s true.” Next to him, Steve snorted as he covered his mouth with his hand again, trying to hide his laugh, eyes wide. Vision tuned his glare on him, which honestly only made it worse. “I’m glad you find this funny, Captain Rogers.” He said in a miffed tone. That only made Tony and Steve start to giggle again, their hands still stuck together on top of the table. Steve thought he heard a noise and looked around, his eyes connecting with Shuri, who had just snapped another picture of them. He wanted to be annoyed about that, but at her genuinely happy smile, he found any annoyance or worry melt away. Besides, Tony hadn’t noticed.
“You want me to help you make changes to the Accords? You want
Ross looked malevolent as he stepped forward again into his face, gaining no reaction from Tony, who didn’t move a muscle. He scoffed before letting out a humorless laugh. “Very well, Stark. You know the rules.”
Bruce of all people decided to join in by saying, “Captain America, all hot and bothered by Tony Stark’s blatant display of power.”
The sound of his own voice trying to sound detached from the situation answering, “
It only took a few minutes to cut the webbing down, but unfortunately Science Squad had been so preoccupied with making the webbing strong enough to hold Vision, they hadn’t really come up with a good way to get the webbing
That was it for him. Steve heaved himself to a corner and threw up, gagging and dry heaving. His head was swimming, and he barely heard the other voices. Wanda tried to call his name and he felt her small hand on his forehead. He sank to his knees and collapsed against the wall. In the back of his mind he registered that the room was no longer the frigid temperature of Siberia. He opened his eyes and looked around at the now bare room. Natasha and Vision were on their knees with Tony who was shaking uncontrollably and flinching away from their hands, his palm pressed against his chest. Natasha was whispering to him, trying to calm him down. Sam stood over her shoulder looking down at Tony with desperation.
As she came back to herself she heard him ask FRIDAY what the hell had happened.
As they rode the elevator, Tony leaned over and with a conspiratorial smirk he asked, “Hey, do you want to play a prank on Vision later?” At her intrigued look he smiled knowingly at her and leaned down to whisper his idea in her ear, pulling back to wiggle his eyebrows. She turned wide eyes on him before she burst out in a fit of laughter. He smiled proudly at her, glad he was able to break some of the tension. “We will need some help.” She whispered back. He winked and replied, “Got it covered. Peter and Shuri are bringing the materials.” They tried to suppress their giggles as they stepped out on the communal floor.
Sitting back Nebula finally stabilized her breathing before looking up into Tony’s worried eyes.
“If you’re looking for Wonderland, its in the cabinet next to the dishwasher.” Tony called out.
“Pepper is the lawful to Tony’s chaotic, but they are both playing for the good. Imagine if they weren’t. She reminds him the lines they don’t cross and he keeps her from boxing in her imagination. Maybe in the personal relationship world they didn’t mesh well, but here in this world? Here in this world they do nothing but compliment each other.”
Steve couldn't have been more skeptical, and if he were honest, jealous.
Standing back up they all looked at each other. Any of the dust and glass that had been in their hair or skin was gone. The pain from the shock of the bomb blasts, gone.
From the doorway to the stairwell an answer came, “Chicago was just fine. Mission went off without a hitch.” James stood in the doorway with the rest of the team behind him. “Local PD are on the scene for clean up.” Half of the guards turned their rifles on the new arrivals as James, Rhodes, Vision, Natasha, and Bruce were pushed into the middle of the room with the rest of their teammates, though T’Challa was allowed to walk himself without being touched. T’Challa immediately pulled Shuri into a protective embrace.
, Steve thought angrily.
Steve felt his chest flush with warmth at that. Tony was always so strong and so brave, of course he would be the only one apart from Thor to do any damage. He knew he wasn’t hiding his feelings very well, but this woman obviously knew something more about him. She knew that Tony was a vulnerable spot, that was obvious by the way she was almost addressing him as she spoke. Why? Why was she driving the knife into his heart while holding his gaze as she did it? What was she looking for?
FRIDAY reported urgently.
“She wanted to compete so badly.” Laura’s voice behind him startled him. He turned to look at her as she continued, “They kept airing the stupid commercials about it. Tony saw how much she wished she could be in it, so he pulled some strings. Obviously, she couldn’t compete with her own name, so Tony told her to choose one.” She smiled softly at the little trophy. “She did.”
"My father may have made that shield, but he made it for you. It was a gift, and I had no right to say anything about it. I…apologize…for telling you otherwise."
There was shuffling in the kitchen before there was sniffing and sounds of comforting and soothing whispers as Laura cried in Tony's arms.
Nebula tore her gaze away and locked on Thor instead. “The Sorcerer offered the Time Stone in exchange for Stark’s life.”
Sam smiled back at her earnestly as Tony clapped him on the shoulder and James started putting items into the fridge with Maggie. Sam turned and spotted Steve on the couch with Scott.
He had thought there were moments, brief ones, where he could see a special shine in Tony's eyes when they looked at him. Times when it seemed like it was just the two of them. Late nights after the others had gone to bed, or early mornings when Steve would come in for his run to find the genius sitting at the counter with a cup of coffee clutched in his hands as he looked over the blueprint for his newest invention. He had looked so soft in those moments, it had taken everything Steve had not run his fingers through his brown hair and lean down and kiss him.
Clint sat slouched on the edge of the couch in the open common room, rhythmically throwing a small bouncy ball against the wall and catching it. He’d been waiting in this same spot since 2 a.m., after Laura had told him that she had enough talking for the night. It was now 2 p.m. and he had yet to see any sign of the Compound’s resident genius since the night before.
They watched as T’Challa leaned on the counter and asked if there was anything that Tony needed from him. Steve looked at James confused, why did this matter? Anyone who knew Tony knew that he wasn’t going to actually ask for anything. Without looking at Steve, James just pushed his hand against his cheek so he was looking back at the scene.
Mr. Stark had come into his life and completely turned it upside down, in the best way possible. He felt like he had someone he could count on. He could always count on Aunt May, of course, but she didn’t understand everything, and she definitely didn’t understand why he had to put his costume on and try and help fight the bad guys. Tony did.
Damn. He had never said it but Sam must have put it together. He shouldn't but surprised, Sam was sharper than anyone gave him credit for.
"In the palm of my hand sounds good, doesn’t it?” He whispered. Steve’s breath hitched as he felt Tony’s warm puff of air next to his ear. He wasn’t able to form reply fast enough as Tony continued, “I think I’d like you wrapped around my finger better, though.”
Steve stepped forward and held out an arm in front of her which one of the guards struck with an object that sent an electric current through his body so strong he fell hard to his knees. He heard the exclamations from his team behind him and knew that he needed to calm the situation down before it got any more out of hand. He tried to get to his feet but his muscles were still contracting from the electrocution and weren’t cooperating.
"Turn this shit off, NOW!" Sam yelled, trying to get around Steve. Steve's arm slammed down in front of him, barring his path. It was too late, and they all watched in shock as the video continued to play out.
"Tony, dinner is ready upstairs, if you feel up to it." Maggie placed a light hand on Tony's unhurt hand. He squeezed her delicate hand in thanks and gave her a nod. "Be up in a minute."
, he thought, and continued, addressing Barnes.
“It’s BARF.” He said as they slid up the door. “Do it again, Stevie.” He said as they got to the locked door.
Natasha moved off the couch and sunk to her knees in front of him. "Tony, you can't really think the rest of us would be okay fighting side by side with them after you left."
Upon stepping on the floor and seeing Laura and Clint in the armchairs, Tony’s face was guarded for a second before he gave them a small nod. He began to usher the kids down the hall to their rooms, declaring it was “Past my bedtime, so I know it’s way past yours!”
"Happy, I am so relieved to see you I could either cry or kiss you, my man."
As Tony started up the steps the camera flashes continued at an almost dizzying rate.
Steve couldn't help the smile spreading across his face. Hearing Tony scheme to help out the young kid made his heart swell. It was…adorable. It was family.
Steve steeled himself as Rhodes approached with Pepper in tow and he and Sam and greeted them. Rhodes greeting was cool, but not entirely unkind. Pepper’s greeting was positively icy, but Steve couldn’t quite find it in himself to blame her. Being here wasn’t likely at the top of her to do list. Being CEO of Stark Industries he was sure there were a million other things that she could have been doing, yet she was here, though why he wasn’t exactly sure. Was it just support for Tony or Rhodes? He decided to try and tactfully find out.
"You- wait, what?" Natasha faltered, confused.
All of the Avengers, minus Tony, were gathered in the communal kitchen and were going through the various states of waking up. Steve heard Clint’s comment as he came walking in, freshly showered, back from his morning run.
“Hiya Pep, good to hear from you, I’m great, how are you?” Tony said, pointing out her lack of any greeting.
It was in this position that T'Challa found them and asked them to please follow him into the main room with the rest of their team. They shared a confused look, but followed the King anyways.
“Did you and Lang trade notes or something?” Tony asked playfully.
Any answer Pepper might have had for Tony died on her lips as the door to the stairwell clicked open from the lock and a small crowd surged through it.
Bucky kept his eyes downcast as he shook his head, trying to clear the mist in his eyes. He jumped when he felt a hand rest on his shoulder. Looking up into Tony's eyes they shared a short moment.
“Why don’t I get to switch seats?” James asked from the backseat.
"Look at you, you look like an exasperated father!" She giggled.
As they stepped off the elevator he was slightly thrown off by the amount of noise and life coming from the living space. They were greeted with the sight of Laura Barton balancing baby Nathaniel on her hip while Cooper, Lila, and Cassie sat in the middle of the room surrounded by puzzle pieces and crayons. Maggie Lang was bent down changing the movie they had playing in the background.
"You've been nothing but a huge pain in my ass for far too long Stark."
“I’ve developed an inexplicable habit of adoption without the proper paperwork. Unfortunately, you don’t have much of a say it in it. Welcome to the family, Stardust.”
wasn't a great man like all of the propaganda and media make him out to be. I know that because I lived with the guy. I was there! He was a self centered controlling asshole who never let anyone else shine for the fear they might outshine him. I hated the man! I'll call him every name in the book, but the one thing I never, not ever, forgave him for was the one thing that I found out he wasn't; a
**************************
Thor leaned on the table, which groaned slightly under his weight as he fiddled with one of the pens, which then snapped in his fingers.
The relaxed look that had been on Tony’s face slid off as Rhodes words hit him. Turning toward the large screen in the corner of the room he called out to FRIDAY, “FRI, que it up babe.”
Steve felt like someone had doused him in ice water.
True to his word, Happy had them pulling up to the Compound about 30 minutes later. As they pulled up to the gate Tony rolled his window down and waved T'Challa's car up along side his window.
“Nebula, honey, I am so sorry, are you alright? Take your time, we have plenty of it. Breathe.”
, and wiggled her eyebrows. Steve could only widen his eyes at her and shake his head in a silent threat. It didn’t phase her at all.
“Come on in, Steve, have a drink.” Tony called tiredly. Steve’s step faltered a bit at that. A drink?
Natasha was still angry at Tony, but back here safe in the Compound with this little family they had created, she felt some of her anger slowly melt away. She would have words with Tony later, right now she was Auntie Nat.
Bucky nodded happily and replied, "Yeah, Tony says that if our progress continues I can go on the mission with them in the next few weeks. Just a small one, recon on something with him and the Spider Kid."
Suddenly, the Gate swung open and a voice addressed him, making him jump and turn in a circle trying to locate the source.
James didn’t look at him as he put a bag of chips from a display in their basket as they walked by. “Yeah, they’re little disks of butterscotch mixed with-”
Paying her no mind, Rhodes pulled back and wiped some tears. “I’ve never been so happy to see you.” He told his friend. Tony continued to stare at him, breaking a small pained smile.
He was wincing in pain with each step they took. He looked exhausted and spent, covered in bruises and cuts, but he wasn’t covered in dirt or dried blood, he had been cleaned with care and his wounds dressed. He had a thin blanket around his shoulders and a hand pressed to the side of his stomach, but he was alive. His eyes were trained on his feet as they shuffled down the ramp, trying not to stumble. Nebula supported him with a surprisingly soft look on her face and gentle hands. Steve didn’t know her, but he wouldn’t have guessed the stoic woman was capable of the gentleness she was showing. One glance to Rocket’s shocked face confirmed that this was a strange sight.
"Got it, thanks Natasha. We're an hour out still. Do any of the others know?"
Steve spent the next two weeks following through on his new plan. He spends hours reading the books that FRIDAY got for him. Each time one is delivered he is overjoyed at seeing the package on the counter and disappears into his room. He takes them with him to see Dr. Field, and together they discuss how things are going and healthy ways to endure grief and loss. It’s the best Steve has felt in a long time. He’s hardly seen Tony, but that’s been okay, mostly. He just focuses on getting to know his team-
Currently, James was in the room with Tony alone, so Steve was alternating between sitting and pacing around the waiting area. He loved everyone there, but he felt like he needed air and some time to think in peace. He excused himself and walked down the halls until he found and empty stairwell with a large window. It was raining outside again, just a drizzle, and the sound the the drops on the glass were soothing.
But Tony cut her off. “I know, Nat, I know. It doesn’t matter. Hey, look at me.” His fingers tilted her chin to look at him, the gesture so intimate Steve felt his jealousy squirm again.
She didn’t know how to answer that. “I’m sure I had one, once. I don’t remember it and I don’t have any idea which one it was.” She felt his gaze on her as she answered. Stomping down on the feelings that she held on this subject she shrugged and pretended not to care.
“You want to explain why you are busting in here with a posse of private soldiers, Ross?” Tony said, his voice dark and unwavering.
Bucky sat at the table, just finishing a bagel as Tony came in. He sat up immediately, not sure how he should act around the man, but not letting his guard down completely.
Sam leaned over slightly in what he hoped didn't draw any attention to them as he asked in a low voice, "Steve? Doin' alright, man?" Steve just gave a small aborted head shake as he continued to keep his eyes glued to the first real-time image of Tony he had since Siberia.
The vehemence and strength in his voice shocked her. Did she say that all out loud?
T'Challa had responded understandingly, with a frustrating air about him that Steve couldn't help but feel communicated that T'Challa knew more than he was willing to say. Steve wanted to call him out on it, tell him not to keep secrets, but he could only picture the response the King would give him to a statement that hypocritical.
Tony’s head snapped up so quickly he was almost afraid he would have whiplash.
Tony turned away from him at that, picking up his tablet and swiping through some information. His silence lasted so long Steve thought he wasn't going to answer at all. He began to feel so awkward he started to turn to head towards the elevator when he heard Tony's voice.
From across the workshop Tony's voice could be heard, saying with mock indignation, "My millions of dollars and genius brain at your disposal and everything is alright? Good God, its like no one remembers how to be grateful anymore! Keep it up smart-ass and you'll be giving me back that snazzy new arm you're using to flip me off right now"
He smiled at her and assured her that he was happy to do it. “Perhaps it is time that I greet the Captain?” He said. Laura smiled as she sat up and called for Steve.
He had tried asking FRIDAY about him, but the AI had remained resolutely silent. He knew it was personal because she had answered questions for some of the others. Though it seemed to be also based off of what the question was about. She seemed to delight in their efforts to try and make the television and other things work.
"What happened?" Steve called to them as they approached.
Tony nodded, “Rhodey would do well. Or Natasha.”
T’Challa gave a small smile before continuing, “I know that you have concerns about the Accords. I do as well. I would propose that you and I review them together, whenever time can be made for such things. I know us both to be quite busy men, but I believe that we are both aware of the issues that lie within the Accords we signed our names to. Signing them as they were proved to be a necessary evil in the moments of destruction we were facing, however now that the moment has passed, it is time to re-asses and amend them so that they may serve as they were intended, as
Putting down the soldering iron he rose and quickly to open the bottle of scotch he kept in the corner cabinet. He poured some on his hands and wet his neck with it like aftershave, then downed a large swig so that the smell would be heavy on his breath. Mussing his hair, he rode the elevator to meet the man on the old, currently unoccupied, communal area of the 2nd floor.
