“That’s not a possibility I’m willing to consider yet."
“I’ll come with you.” Eurus said, and Mycroft raised an eyebrow. He didn’t like the idea of leaving Sherlock alone with Eurus again, even guarded, but he couldn’t control her every movement - not around their father, at least.
“She seems to like me.” he said.
“They told me not to.” Molly said in a small voice. “I’m not like you two. I’m not used to dealing with a situation like this. I really am sorry.”
John frowned and ruffled Sherlock’s hair. “That’s a little far-fetched. Are you sure you don’t have a concussion?”
“What? What is it?”
“That was...three days before she died, if I’m not mistaken.”
“Who’s that?”
“I say that’s one of your better ideas.”
“You’re not telling the police about the message?” John asked.
“You can’t see her right now. She’s sustained a minor head injury, but…” she hesitated, “She’ll make it, but there might be a possibility of permanent motor damage. It’s too early to say.”
“I’m not the baby here, John.”
“Yea, remember that time when an American attacked you and Sherlock threw him out of the window?” John added, “I was right
“Sherlock.” John’s head was spinning. “Sherlock, wait. Did I do something wrong?”
As if on cue, the main door burst open and Irene strolled out. John could see that she had put a lot of effort into her appearance, and he cursed again. If his crazy idea actually resulted in Sherlock falling for Irene…wait, that was the point, wasn’t it? Sherlock deserved love, and he deserved to be happy. Even if falling in love with someone else was what it took to make him smile, so be it.
“What are
“You can’t possibly bring her home. She knows that, too. You’ve already seen what she can do. Er - ” John hesitated. “Can she really control minds? Reprogram people, as Mycroft keeps saying?”
Sherlock looked at him blankly.
“You stayed for Sherlock, didn’t you?”
“Good morning, John.” Mrs Hudson said warmly. “Molly’s just dropped Rosie off. I thought I’d make you boys a cup of tea.”
“Harry, slow down.”
he thought
(See the end of the chapter for
“Not something I ever thought I’d hear you say.”
“What, Lestrade?” he almost growled.
Sherlock just nodded curtly, shook off John’s hand and hailed a cab. The ride back home was eerily silent. Sherlock simply ignored John’s attempts at conversation, not even looking at him, gaze fixed on the window. When they pulled up at Baker Street, he stormed out and was halfway up the stairs by the time John had paid the cabbie. John made towards Mrs Hudson’s room to pick up Rosie, but Sherlock called to him from the stairs.
“Pull up your sleeve.”
“It’s Greg.” he said indignantly, “Well, I’ve just been talking to a few of the Oliver boy’s teachers and friends. Apparently he was everyone’s favourite. Star student, theatre junkie, go-to friend. They’re all devastated. I didn’t find anybody who could possibly dislike him, let alone hate him enough to murder him.” He peered at Sherlock curiously. “Are you on a date?”
Sherlock opened his mouth to speak, but John cut him off.
“Search him, he has the necklace.”
“Wha- yes, they did!” said John indignantly, “Besides, I don’t want some malicious bacteria species ruining Rosie’s milk. These chemicals must go, too.”
“So that’s it, then? A new villain just drops out of nowhere?”
“You did save her life.”
“How long ago?”
“I mean, you must’ve been all alone for those two years. Nobody to watch your back and look out for you. Actually, never mind, I know you don’t really care for companionship - ”
John didn’t care.
“She’s safe, but there’s a very slight possibility of motor damage. They won’t let me see her because I’m not immediate family.” Sherlock replied.
Sherlock hesitated.
“Well, I think I’ve depressed you enough.” Lestrade turned away and began walking down the street, but turned around when Sherlock called after him.
? There isn’t any need. It was a long time ago. It took me a while to come to terms with it, but eventually, I got tired of being scared. It was time to face my fears. I had to leave Sherrinford, though. The things I’ve seen...” She closed her eyes and shuddered slightly. “Once you go there, you never really leave. I left on the pretext of a family emergency and never went back. For years, I lived in fear of them finding me. Fortunately, I met Moriarty, and he provided against it.”
“It’s okay, Sherlock.” she said quietly. “You can continue.”
John smiled a little then, but it melted into a look of resignation. “You ‘appreciate the sentiment’? Is that all you have to say?”
“Did you sleep at all last night?” John asked.
“Irene’s different.” Sherlock protested.
“Oh, one more thing,” Mrs Hudson said, “John, I do believe I know someone who would be interested in buying your house.”
he thought. He thought about what John had said earlier that evening -
“They
“You go on. I’m going to talk to Noel, see if I can put a stop to his cutting.”
Entering Sherlock’s room without him felt like a strange breach of privacy, although there were close to no personal effects in the room (and he slept there every night anyway). He bent down and fished around under the bed -
he told himself
John squeezed back. “Soldiers.”
you don’t think that’s true, not one bit. Just - tell me what I did, and I’ll fix it, I swear.”
“Not yet.”
, he thought - but to his utter disappointment, John pulled away. Sherlock made an involuntary sound halfway between a whine and gasp.
“No, I’m not.” Sherlock admitted. “Are you really saying you want to stay with me?”
. He’d have to try talking.
https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12330241/1/Beyond-The-Gravestones-Johnlock-fanfic
He tuned his violin, but ended up playing such a mournful melody that he depressed himself further. Flinging it down on the armchair in disgust, he picked up a pile of post-its, intending to update his case notes. But his brain was too muddled, and even thinking about Rosie getting kidnapped was painful. He made himself some tea, then realized he’d made two cups out of habit. Slamming the cups down in frustration, he grudgingly admitted that he couldn’t tune his emotions out this time.
“There was Moriarty. I mean, he
Sherlock and John stood on the tarmac outside a helicopter, collars turned up against the wind. The tension between them was so palpable Sherlock could’ve cut it with a knife. After the emotional outbursts of the previous night, neither could look the other in the eye. When John finally spoke, it was a welcome reprieve from the awkward silence they’d shared all morning.
“That was her real identity, wasn’t it? We did thorough research on her a few years ago. I’ll have the file sent over by tonight.”
John was pleased to see that the spare bedroom, where Irene was no doubt staying, was right next to it. He entered quickly and shut the door behind him. He noticed a bed, a dresser, a closet, and a big suitcase.
“And what are you going to do about it?”
“No, I’ve got it.” Sherlock said quietly.
“You mean dating? A relationship? You want me to be your boyfriend?”
“What do you want, Mycroft?”
“I take it that this is a permanent living arrangement, then.” Mycroft said. Sherlock and John ignored him.
“Someone disguised as Victor broke in to give you a scare.” Mycroft explained. “We don’t know why.”
“So you went to the morgue.” John prompted.
“There were bottles of liquor kept in plain sight in a glass cabinet. Tell me, if you were trying to wean Harry off of the alcohol, would you keep it where she could see it?”
He hung up and quickly slipped out of his bed, collecting the clothes strewn across the floor and hurrying into them, motioning to John to do the same.
“Miss Holmes, you’re going to have visitors today.”
“First eyes, then a head, then thumbs, and now a foot. Shall I expect an ear next? A lung, perhaps?” asked John.
“And then I found out that you were on drugs again. I’ll admit, I was angry. Mary died to save your life, and you were ready to throw it away with both hands. Then you roped me along to help with Culverton, and for the first time in days, I felt like my old self. Then I just started feeling guilty again, because I was supposed to be sad about Mary. One afternoon with you was enough to dull the pain, and that just made me feel even worse.”
“Oh, just here and there. Moriarty’s connections kept me safe, even after his death.” She laid her fork down for a moment and stared at Sherlock. “I really did think you were dead, too. Shouldn’t have gotten my hopes up.”
“Yes.” Sherlock said softly, still staring at the fire, “But you saved mine.”
“How?”
It was at times like these that Mycroft really comprehended the differences between them. He may be smarter than Sherlock, but at the end of the day, Sherlock had what mattered: the humanity that anchored him.
They were now walking down a narrow lane in a distinctly desolate part of town; derelict buildings loomed on either side. Most of them had broken windows and wobbly doors, and John felt positive that save black and grey, all colour had leached out of the world. The area was almost completely deserted, but light shone in a few windows. Sherlock paused in front of a door, gently pushed it open and whispered, “This is the one. Let’s head upstairs, we’ll ambush him, quietly now - ”
The nurse wasn’t listening. A noise from the bedroom had distracted her, and she got up, motioning them to follow her. She went in first, and they waited outside for a few minutes before she reappeared at the door.
feel if you were in my place?”
Sherlock blinked and looked away. “I only need drugs when you’re not around.” he said quietly, but not quiet enough.
choose you. And if you doubt it, even for one second - I will spend my entire life proving it to you.”
with Rosie. In fact, even saying he was a single parent felt immoral. Sherlock had been there all along.
“Around 7, which means you need to get cracking.” Sherlock said, suddenly businesslike. “Hang around her house for a while - I saw some hedges which would suit the purpose perfectly - and make sure she leaves. You mustn’t be seen. We can’t afford to arouse her suspicions. When she’s gone, knock on the door and invite yourself in for a little chat.”
“What’s the problem, now?” Sherlock whispered to Rosie, “Do you need some fresh air?”
because of me. Not even Moriarty could send you to the hospital - “
Sherlock sat down in the office chair and swivelled it around, munching on an apple. It was the first time John had seen him eat voluntarily in a few days.
“ - I watched you. I saw your reaction. You dropped your head into your hands, like you couldn’t bear to listen, and almost curled up as if to protect yourself.”
“Clothing.” John said. “Unnecessary.”
“Enough of myself and what I was doing to you.”
“With Rosie’s tantrums and you prowling around the flat like some sort of half-deranged otter, no, Sherlock, I bloody well didn’t.”
“That’s our live-in help, Mark. He’s been with us for a couple of months. You can interrogate him if you want, but you won’t get very far. He’s very reserved.”
“Do you know what my wife said to me on her deathbed?” Xavier demanded. “She took my hand and looked me in the eye, and she said, 'when you find him, make sure you tell him there wasn’t a single day I didn’t think of him. Not a single damn day I didn’t regret letting him go to Musgrave Hall. And if I find him up there in heaven - and I’m not saying that I will, because he’s alive, he’s out there, I know it - I’ll do the same for you.’ “
“Mycroft sent them away. The footprints on the mud path -”
“I’m sorry.” he finally said. Then he shook his head and followed Sherlock out.
John glared at him, and he sighed and strode over to help. Out in the middle of nowhere with an angry army doctor for company - Sherlock wouldn’t have had it any other way.
. Sherlock was too precious to lose. Underneath the brilliance and the sociopathy, he was the warmest, kindest and most selfless person that John knew.
“You heard him? Don’t take him seriously - ”
He entered 221B, lost in thought, and his foot was on the first step when he heard Mrs Hudson shriek from the kitchen. He entered it to find her standing next to the fridge, looking aghast.
“Are you sure? This isn’t just any crime scene. I know it’s a big deal for you. Will you be okay dealing with Xavier Trevor alone?”
Seated in his armchair by the fire, John observed Sherlock at work now. He was sitting cross legged on the floor, in a sea of yellow-coded files and post-its. He looked up, caught John’s eye, and gave him a small smile. This was new - Sherlock being freer with his smiles and glances.
John looked up, eyes shining with happiness and pride, and Sherlock didn’t even question it
“I wouldn’t worry about it.” Sherlock said, “Maybe she’s just glad you haven’t hidden her in a mental asylum yet.”
“Yes, you do, you bloody octopus. But I don’t mind.”
“What else did the file contain?”
“Oh, I
“Yes, you do. He chose a date and a time, and all you had to do was slip into the main hall from your room and unlock the main door.”
“Very funny, Mycroft. Now, what brings you? I assume it isn’t sentiment for John Watson.”
“Do you believe in horoscopes, Sherlock?”
Next update, next Wednesday!
John closed his eyes again, breathing deeply. He still felt woozy from the sedatives. Sherlock squeezed his hand and he squeezed back. Strangely enough, it felt perfectly natural that Sherlock should be at his side, holding his hand and comforting him. He had no idea what was going on in his head, but he knew that he would’ve been perfectly content to lie there, fingers intertwined with Sherlock’s, if he hadn’t been so worried about Rosie.
John nudged him. “Bad timing, maybe?”
“He’s dead, and you dismantled his web.”
“Another visit from beyond the gravestones, I see.” John said, “How did she get in?”
“Sherlock. What is it?”
he thought.
“You just confirmed my hypothesis. You self-harm.”
“Don’t be daft.” Mr Holmes said. “You are family.”
“You haven’t done anything to me. Nothing bad, at least.”
“But you just said that you can’t protect people!” she protested.
“What kind of digging?” John asked.
They both stared daggers at each other and then looked away. There was a long bout of silence. “Why did you stay in London if you were so desperate to hide the file?” John finally asked.
“So - it was midnight, and I couldn’t sleep. The doorbell rang. Rosie was asleep, so I left her alone in my bedroom for a moment, just to go answer the door. When I came back, she wasn’t there anymore.”
“As always, Watson, your intellect never fails to amaze me.”
Sherlock tiptoed halfway down the stairs and sat down. He’d found a slinky in his room, and he now let it bounce down the stairs, fascinated. There was something strangely elegant about its movement and balance, the orderly arrangement of its rings, the way it righted itself at the bottom of the stairs instead of rolling away chaotically. A door above him opened, and Mycroft’s irritated face poked out.
“Of course I do. What’s bothering you?”
“I’m not going to crack one. Will you listen?”
Eurus smiled to herself. Sherlock, obviously; he would bring John Watson. If everything had gone to plan, Charlotte - whoops, Irene - would be with him as well. She took the violin from its hatch and lovingly cleaned the bow. Did Mycroft really think that a few Christmas treats could make up for years of incarceration? Oh, how she wanted to drive this very violin through his skull. Not that she ever got the chance; Mycroft never visited her, except when their parents forced him to.
“No, thanks. I should really get going soon.” Molly said, looking rather tired and fidgety.
Mrs Hudson took another gulp of tea. “She told me that she’d been receiving anonymous threats. Someone was prepared to put all the information about her past with the cartel straight into the hands of the police. I suppose she thought I was being threatened, too.”
“Wha- it’s the famous Ferrier necklace! It’s worth thousands!” protested Lestrade. Sherlock just sighed. “Any suspects?”
cook, so I thought I’d be nice and cook for you today, since it’s...you know…”
“How so?”
“Why didn’t you tell me?” John asked.
“Are you two…?”
Sherlock left and returned with a glass. John put the glass to her lips and she spluttered, then sat back up.
Mrs Hudson just grinned wider and left the room. As she busied herself looking for paracetamol and frying bacon for the boys, she mentally patted herself on the back. Her plan had been successful, at least partially.
The doctor came out a while later to tell them that Mrs Holmes was out of the operating room but still critical. John knew that face; it was the “I don’t know anything for sure but I also don’t want to get your hopes up in case she dies” face, the one he’d never quite learnt how to use. After all, he was used to being a doctor in the thick of battle. Everything was instantaneous. You died or lived; things rarely hung in limbo the way they did here.
John peered out of the window. It was already dark; the day sure had flown. Mrs Hudson was fussing over Rosie as she lay in her crib, kicking about. To his surprise, Sherlock was twisting and turning on the sofa, almost as restless as Rosie. “Sherlock, what on earth are you trying to do?”
about what he would do in a situation like this.
“Moriarty, of course.”
“We don’t know. Still in the operating room. Why are you dripping?”
. Posh neighbourhood like this, and it hasn’t rained in about a week. I didn’t see any signs of mud anywhere around. He was patrolling another part of town, someplace more down-market, and casually walked by here at the time he’d chosen with Lucy. Do you understand now, or shall I fix up a powerpoint presentation?”
“Already?” asked John. He hesitated. “I thought you might want to take some time off. You know...with everything that’s been happening -”
As they stood in the cold winter air, waiting for a taxi, Sherlock noticed that John was resting more of his weight on one leg. He noticed that John’s jacket no longer filled out completely, and his belt was buckled a notch tighter. Sherlock hadn’t been paying much attention to his own meals lately, but he suddenly realized that neither had John. John never ate much at work and he hadn’t eaten anything since he’d come back. Since they’d visited Sherrinford, the nightmares and thrashing about on the couch had increased, too. He wondered if it had anything to do with whatever the hell it was that John was so intent on hiding from everyone.
“Is that supposed to be an insult or a compliment?”
Mycroft took a deep breath, willing himself to stay calm. “Sherlock Holmes, look at me.” he said forcefully. “Has it never occurred to you that she’s still putting up an act? Five years of plotting and scheming for what - a hug? A few violin duets once a month?”
Irene smiled mockingly. “Now, now, I can’t tell you everything. Where’s the fun in that?”
“You do?”
“Do have a seat, Mycroft. I’m sorry you had to go to the trouble of coming to Baker Street, but you told me never to come to the office if I wanted to talk about anything...sensitive.”
Sherlock left the room, and John’s phone buzzed. His sister was calling him - feeling rather apprehensive, he hesitated, but then picked up.
“By the time my parents bought this house, I had already left for college. I only spent holidays here, so it’s not strictly my room. They call it that for sentimental value.”
Angelo handed them their menus and left. Sherlock couldn’t help but smile when he noticed that there was no mention of a candle or a date.
John nodded a little and folded the letter, then reached out and took Sherlock’s hand. He hesitated for a moment, then interlaced their fingers. It felt like an eternity had passed before he finally spoke again.
. They help me.”
“It’s time for you to sleep, Mr Trevor.” the nurse said. She ushered them out of the room and lowered her voice. “He’s no good when he gets like this. Come back tomorrow afternoon." They heard him grumble something unintelligible before she shut the door.
“She said daddy.”
“Then clearly someone took a copy and planted it here for our benefit. Why did you sign this sheet?”
“Very.” he said, looking up at Sherlock. He was forcibly reminded of their moment at the breakfast table that morning. His apology had been on the tip of his lips, but he knew that once he started, he would never stop. “So, what time are you meeting Irene?”
“Should’ve known you weren’t exactly planning a beach trip.” John said, smirking slightly as he laid Rosie back in her cot.
“Of course I forgive you, Sherlock. I mean, you’re a git and all that, but everything else about you makes up for it. I know this is childish, but I still have trouble believing you’re around. Still can’t walk by St. Bart’s too often. Still wake up in a cold sweat, a vision of your blood-streaked face burnt into my retina. Still have to - “ John’s voice trembled a little “-check that you’re breathing.”
On the doorstep, John turned around and smiled at him. “He’s working on it right now. Good night.”
Sherlock closed his eyes and held John tighter, trying to etch the memory in his mind. John smelt like a mixture of mint, baby powder, and something else he couldn’t quite place…
“We haven’t even opened it yet.”
“He thought he saw Victor. He thinks Victor’s still missing.”
“Sherlock! Calm down, I’m not going anywhere. Mrs Hudson’s right; our flat is the best home I’ve ever had. I’m staying with you until you pick me up and throw me out.”
“Are you sure?” John asked, moving over to sit beside him on the couch. “You couldn’t even remember my girlfriends’ names.”
Sherlock didn’t need to ask which one. John wasn’t religious, and there was only one church that he frequented - the one where both Sherlock’s and Mary’s funerals had been held. He turned his coat collar up against the crisp night air. Sometimes, he felt like these dingy byways and labyrinth of inner alleys were the true heart of the city. This was where they lived - the misfits, the criminals, the rebels.
“Now, see to it that you boys clean up after yourselves.” she said, “Remember, I’m your landlady, not your housekeeper." As she disappeared into the kitchen, Sherlock quickly got up and started clearing away the first-aid kit.
“You remember my sister?” John asked, a little astonished.
As he accepted his predicament, something akin to hopelessness came over the Golem’s face, only to be replaced by hard resolve. With a sudden burst of energy, he wrestled the gun from Sherlock’s hand - and shot himself through the mouth.
“I don’t see how it would help, but by all means, go ahead.”
Noel stubbornly bit his lip.
Sherlock touched the rapidly throbbing bruise on his cheek. Compared to some of the other injuries he had amassed over time, it hardly bothered him, but he had expected John to overreact about it.
achel
“I can see why this place is called Stargrounds. You can’t see even half of these stars from London.” he said to Sherlock, who was standing some distance away and squinting at the forest. Apparently dissatisfied, he turned and settled down beside John, shoulder to shoulder. They’d both been invading each other’s private space a lot recently, but John didn’t mind, of course. There was no point in pretending they were just platonic anymore.
He leaned back in the chair, stretched out his legs, and prepared himself for a long wait.
“Absolutely not. Look, you’ve often said that sometimes a fresh perspective helps you think things through - so let me read out my notes of the case, okay? Just the general outlines.”
“Ah. Yes. Where was I? Did you find out what was going on here last night?”
Lestrade nodded. He picked at the pavement with his foot, hesitating slightly. “Look, I probably shouldn’t tell you this, but…” He took a deep breath. “You need to look after him. He might do something...desperate.”
“Come on, we’ve been sitting here for hours.” John said. “Let’s get some fresh air.”
“Dr Watson.” Noel half-whispered, still staring into the water, “Could you - could you double back and get mom? I just want to be here with her for a short while. Could you do that for me?”
Sherlock couldn’t help but smile. “Oh. Thank you. You’re very drunk.”
“I think it really did break him.” she said, “First his wife, and now the dreadful business with James. But you wouldn’t understand that.”
“Those tapes were doctored. The man in them wasn’t Moran, just a lookalike.” Mycroft said, “Switzerland always was one of Moriarty’s - now Moran’s - strongholds. They had a government official slip in the tapes and pass them off as credible. A while ago, he cracked and confessed - of course, he was killed before we could take any further action.”
As he had expected, a slight blush spread across Sherlock’s cheeks. “The knives were all stowed well out of reach. This is mostly done for the benefit of two categories of people: infants and the habitually inebriated. The state of the carpet showed that her brother often had to drag her to her room, presumably when she was too intoxicated to move.”
Somehow, they made it to the edge, and as they clambered out of the water, he finally blacked out. The last thing he saw was Sherlock’s concerned face and Rachel’s teary one - and then he passed into oblivion.
“You’re fretting.” John said. “Don’t fret.”
The waiting was the worst part. Time seemed to drag on at half its normal speed, and he could only imagine what it must be like for Sherlock, who was a generally impatient man. John had spent enough time in hospital rooms to know that staring at a clock didn’t help, but he didn’t have the heart to say anything to Sherlock. He settled for massaging Sherlock’s hands instead; his muscles were wound tighter than steel.
“Say it properly.” John said firmly.
“Of course. Just so you know - I won’t change my mind about you. I can’t. So you take your time.”
“Just ignore him.” John said, but she had already drifted away. “Sherlock, that was a bit not good.”
“I don’t know.” Noel said vaguely, snapping back to the present. “Literature, I suppose. Er - is everything you write on the blog true?”
he thought.
Mycroft’s demeanour immediately changed. He understood exactly what Sherlock wanted to talk to him about.
Sherlock finally managed to find his voice. “John, you know I’ve already forgiven you for that. As for trusting you - I’d trust you with my life. Has it ever occurred to you that maybe you’re being too hard on yourself? Do keep in mind the fact that you never had a healthy outlet for your sorrow. Your therapist was Eurus, and we know she’s a master manipulator.”
“Nick said the gardener was redesigning it. You can go up and talk to him now, by the way.”
. John was clearly exhausted, and he had the perfect excuse to blow off work for the day, but he still chose to go back to the clinic and help people with their mundane everyday problems.
Sherlock watched him go, his heart in his throat. This was all going wrong, and horribly so - John wasn’t supposed to leave. Heck, John
He leant down and helped John up, slinging John’s arm around his shoulders. He half-carried, half-dragged him to his bedroom and gently dumped him on the bed.
“In the morgue….everything just bubbled up and over the top. I blamed you for my guilt, for making me fall in love with you, and it was wrong, I was so wrong. I didn’t want to deal with my own feelings - it was easier to pin them on you. You made a vow, but so did I - only mine were wedding vows. I lost control, but I swear to you, it will never happen again. I’m talking to Ella, and I’m going to do everything I can. I will never hurt you again. Can you trust me?”
“You don’t even want the stuffed turtle? Okay.”
“Where’s the police?” John asked.
The Golem just stared at them in silence, struggling to get out of their grasp. Finally, he calmed down and spat in Sherlock’s face, narrowly missing it. John had to restrain himself from punching him.
“I can’t not fret. There’s still so much that we don’t know. What about the colours? Why do they keep alternating between red and yellow? I doubt it’s for aesthetic value.”
“Good. No more thinking. Go back to sleep now.”
Mr Oliver ushered him to the door. “Thank you so much, really. Talking to someone who’s experienced a similar loss did help me. By the way, how’s Sherlock Holmes getting on with the case?”
“Irene Adler knew about Eurus, but I highly doubt she’s behind this. She’s just trying to get her old life back. Moriarty knew everything, and he probably would’ve told his accomplices, most notably Moran.”
something like that about you.”
At almost the same moment, they both made the connection between what Sherlock had told them yesterday and what Noel was doing now. The boy was depressed, he couldn’t swim, he lied to get John away for a few seconds, he was alone near a pond, and the way he had been looking at the water -
The sniper swallowed hard, forgetting the cigarette in between his fingers, watching Jim go. He dropped the smoke, following the mad Irish man to a waiting car.
The sniper rose to his feet, shaky. He stumbled to the man, looking down at him in wonder. This man had come to save him.  Sebastian turned his body to the door way, eyes focusing beyond the door, seeing gun men.
His senses were utterly over whelmed from pain now. Whatever the drug had been in the syringe was making his mind not function. Sherlock hated it; he needed to breath!
He set down his cup, tilting his head at the scrape of ceramic on wood, wondering if he had chipped the mug for a moment. John looked back to Sherlock and smiled at the glow around him. Sherlock looked annoyed, which only caused John to smile a bit more.
“John...Do you have anyone who would...be angry at you?” Sherlock asked.
This is a seg-way chapter, but I hope its just fine all the same. I am posting/writing at 4AM cause that's what Grad-Students do.
“Well…better with someone I know on an intimate level.” Sherlock smiled for a moment, his heart racing. Surely the man in front of him wasn’t actually agreeing to this. John the jumper wearing, unassuming, tea making, street brawler, Doctor wasn’t agreeing to him…to moving back…to everything.
“Don't forget your objective.”Came the Irish drawl behind him. Sebastian paused, letting John go. He turned his head to glance at Jim and smiled.
James was silent for a moment, looking to the panting soldier beside him. “Don’t get caught again.” He said, standing. “Next time I will kill you.”
In Sherlock's room, light spilled through a crack in the shades, capturing the dust that danced in the beam. The bed unmade and clothes setting to one side, neatly folded. His skull had been moved to  the floor next to the lamp near his bed.
Sebastian’s eyes swept over the boys that entered the tent; John noted the soft smile the sniper gave them before returning to the up-keep of his gun. John was keeping up the logs for the day. Food, supplies, daily report of what needed to be done and what had been done. Down time, the few moments he had in the day, had been dedicated to the logs…Only thing John really had to separate himself from the war.
“...Oh...hello.” Sherlock breathed, his eyes lighting up with the information he found. He would have to make this right to protect John. He just had to.
The soldier’s Adam's apple bobbed as he swallowed hard, shaking from effort to stay up and not collapse on Jim. James smiled against the abused skin, letting him go as he shoved his hips roughly into Sebastian. The soldier cried out, struggling to stay up. He let James control the pace, unable to contribute more than the occasional grunt of pleasure as James brushed over his prostate.
On his dresser sat the rock with the words “I like the blog, Captian. I liked when I died.” scrawled across it.
The terrified man raised his gun. “Don’t move!” He growled. Jim’s eyes twinkled coldly.
“Doc, yah betcha the sand spiders get into me pants on purpose?” Sebastian asked suddenly, looking up with his bright blue eyes.
Sherlock frowned. “Accident?” He questioned, looking to Mycroft, his eyes narrowing a bit.
The man tilted his head at Sherlock. “Just bad luck, really.”
He jumped as the door flew open, Mycroft’s men came in, sweeping the area. Sherlock sighed softly, turning so his back rested against the glass and wall behind him, closing his eyes.
John felt lighter, the dream long forgotten. Two sugars for Sherlock, no sugar for John. He liked it bitter. No milk...it had gone off. Sherlock needed to go get some more. If he ever would. John inhaled and exhaled softly, handing the mug to Sherlock and took his back to his chair. The day seemed better now...not so glaringly bright.
His eyes snapped up to a man who approached him, the soldier's fingers worked their way around the trigger of the empty gun, watching him carefully.
“Good…I hate to kill my best toy.” James crooned, shutting the door behind him as he left.
The rest of Sebastian's chapter will be in chapter 7. Just a teaser.
No one came looking for him. Not for months.
The gun had gone off…just not the one in the blond man’s hand. No, there had been a second man behind him, one Sherlock didn’t notice until it was too late, and needle was already being jabbed into his neck, by the blond man. Was this “S”? Had to be. The gun went off from the second man, a distraction so Sherlock could be drugged by the first man.
The soldier curled up in his corner, glancing at his leg. No matter how well the captain had done to his leg, it was going to get infected if it already wasn't. He tilted his head resting against the wall, shivering a bit. The sun was going down...going to be a cold night. Sebastian closed his eyes, wrapping his arms around his body. Fighting sleep was stupid, he needed it if he was going to get through whatever hell he was in.
Sherlock shook his head, and regretted it as the world spun around him. “N-No…no…You didn’t know, John. No one…knew.”
“Easy Tiger…”James whispered into his ear. “Go on…”He encouraged him. Sebastian nodded a little as he thrusts into Jim slowly, acutely aware of James behind him. Jim moaned loudly beneath him, letting Sebastian refocus on the pale body beneath him.
So its been a very long….long time. And I’m sorry. But here it is, at long last, Chapter Nine. Life got in the way a bit, meaning Im doing my second Master’s, via research, and now settling in to take on a PhD. So…please forgive my tardiness and please enjoy.
Sherlock shifted John's legs up more, rutting into John as gently as he could. Sherlock's face became focused as he bowed his head, giving soft gasps as he leaned down to kiss John gently, capturing his lips. John felt Sherlock deep inside of him as his body rocked the bed beneath them. His body felt on fire, and the pressure was slightly uncomfortable. It passed quickly when Sherlock slipped over the tight bundle of nerves in him, causing John to mewl in delight. John clutched at the bed sheets before Sherlock grabbed his hand. Sherlock leaned down, grazing his teeth over John's skin, before kissing  over the scar on John's shoulder. John shivered and turned his head away from Sherlock, blushing.
The detective took off any offending bits of clothing, watching John carefully.
John gave a shaky laugh, then shook his head. “I should have tried harder…” He mumbled. “Just…don’t know what.”
Sebastian couldn't believe it...nothing happened to him. He blinked a few time, and looked to the food. With some effort and a cry of pain, Sebastian rolled over to his front and forced himself to crawl the few feet to his food. He made his way over and sat up with effort, gathering his poor rations into his lap, eating slowly. His mind was racing, trying not to freak out. He set the food down, recollecting himself. He had to stay focus.
Sebastian couldn't hold out any longer...he had to breath. He swallowed the pills, and was abruptly let got. He wheezed, gasping on the floor, curling up a bit.
Sebastian twisted in his chains, grunting softly as he rolled onto his back, staring up at the ceiling of the muddy shack he was in. Iron bars, sturdy walls. Not that it mattered...he couldn't move if he wanted to. His leg was shot to hell; but thank god for his doctor...Sebastian smiled at the thought of John, making his tea in the tent. The way the man light up at the smell of warm milk and sugar mixed in with some Earl Grey. The doctor and his domestic habits. Sebastian smiled a bit more, then grunted in pain as he shifted.
“I’ll find something.” Mycroft’s tone changed like a storm. “Don’t act foolish.” He warned, hanging up.
James pulled away and palmed between his legs abruptly. “Hush.” He growled.
Hands were tied tightly above his head with the tie he had picked out that morning, the vest and jumper torn and dirtied, deliberately cut open along the middle of the chest. John was supporting a busted lip and a bruised cheek, and what look like the start of a black eye. Tousled hair hung in his face as it seemed to be forced back to look at the camera. His defiant glare put Sherlock at ease, knowing John was alert. Blood had stained the torn jumper and smeared across the exposed chest of the captain. Sherlock scrolled the picture down, relaxing a bit. John’s pants were fine and the belt still in place.
I stuck with Sebastian for this chapter as I felt that John's part was better placed in the fourth chapter, after the established meeting of Jim Moriarty. I wanted to flesh out Sebastian a bit more.
Clean sharp, slow steps approached them, causing the man to turn, gasping. Fear bloomed across his face as he stepped back. “N…How?” He asked.
The water turned off, causing Sherlock to blink as John came out of the bathroom, drying his face. The detective looked John over as he went to the wardrobe to pull out a work jumper and vest. Sherlock smiled a little as John picked out a tie to go with it. Impressing someone at work…? Perhaps. Sherlock liked the tie…it was plain, but so utterly John at the same time. A soft sigh of contentment escaped his lips, causing the captain to look over at him.
“You let that bastard mark you.” James said in a sour tone, crossing over to Sebastian, gripping his hair and tilted his head back. Sebastian swallows hard and nods slightly at him. James tutted softly as Jim came over, running a hand over his back.
“..Hn...f-...Fine.”John gasped as he relaxed, or tried to. He wasn't use to this...Sherlock was right, he was a top...However, Sherlock needed this. John could do this for him.
“...John.”Sherlock's voice was soft and low. The detective might not have been able to understand the doctor's pain, but he understood when to comfort him after such nightmares. The really bad ones always where shaped to rattle John to his very core, and Sherlock always brought him back safely.
“Nor would I expect you to. Take my room.” Sherlock hummed.
“No go, huh?” Greg broke the quiet.
Sherlock turned off the water when he heard John walking away. He was shivering and it wasn’t because of the water, which was warm and comforting. His mind was racing. What was he doing? He was obviously attracted to John and John was obviously going to find out who he was and Sherlock was obviously going to get his heart broken. Again. Better to just nip this in the bud and retreat into himself like he always does.
“Fancy meeting you here,” she said. Her eye makeup was a bit smudged and her eyes had that glassy look that came from having too much to drink.
“Get him out, get him out!” the cabbie hollered.
For some reason, Sherlock felt himself blush which he hid by looking down and holding his hand out to shake John’s. “I really have to go. Nice to meet you.”
“Bye, John.”
Sherlock turned and glanced at him, then turned away again, unfazed and nonchalant. “Yeah, that’s not a problem.”
Even with the amount of alcohol in his system, he could see genuine concern in both their eyes. He had huffed out a self-deprecating laugh. “Have I been that obvious?”
“Listen, John, you have to tell him. If things go south, at least you have no regrets. I mean, he’s never been that way to anyone else. He likes you. I don’t know how deep down it goes but there’s no harm in trying, right?” Molly had said.
As he got to sniffing distance, his questions were answered.
“Not so fast,” John said, grinning cheekily as Sherlock’s phone disappeared in his pocket. “Don’t I get a reward for this?”
“Hey, man! Food’s here,” John voice was warm and friendly as he held up the delivery bag. It smelled divine and Sherlock’s stomach gave a loud growl. John’s eyes quirked up as he laughed. “And apparently just in time.”
Her brown-haired secretary stood up and gestured for John to follow her.
“I’m going to get a bit of sleep first. What time are we leaving?”
Greg had just closed the door when Molly said, “Sorry your plans were ruined.” She smiled at him sympathetically as she settled on the floor, back against the side of the bed.
John’s eyes, which were trying to avoid looking, glanced down quickly at the sleeping man.
“But there is. Harm. In trying,” John had tried to piece the words together through his drunken state. “I don’t want to lose him. He’s my best friend.”
he thought. He could imagine playing soccer on the field as it entered his view. Trees were sporadically lined all the way down the paved walkway leading towards the dormitories.
+++++++++++++++
Molly and Greg had exchanged another look, identical smirks on their faces.
When they got to 221B, John paid the cabbie and got out of the car, wondering how he was going to be able to carry Sherlock up the stairs. He opened the back seat door and leaned over Sherlock’s unconscious form. “Hey, Sherlock?”
“Err—around eight? That alright with you?”
“Hey, you wanna grab breakfast when you’re done?” John said loudly over the sound of the water. “What do you guys do for food around here anyway? The cafeteria seems like a sad place.”
happened before. There was a boy. Once. And it did not end well.
They started walking side by side towards the stairs while John tried to calm his racing pulse. He felt consumed by a need to protect this boy who was so shattered that his brokenness seemed to seep out of every pore.
Sherlock sat on the edge of the bed and felt in his right pocket for his phone. Empty. He checked his left pocket.
“So… Do you want to eat here or…?” John trailed off as he looked past into Sherlock’s bedroom.
“I found it!” John’s voice was triumphant as he emerged from behind a tree a few feet away. He help up a phone in one hand that Sherlock saw was indeed his.
John threw a pillow over Sherlock’s crotch area and moved even closer, totally dumbfounded. Why was his flatmate drunk? Did something happen? Was this for a case?
Sherlock couldn’t be sure but it seemed like he heard a trace of concern. “So you must be busy. Having just moved in and all so-”
“Alright,” John’s voice faded away as he walked farther away.
“C’mon, John,” she murmured. “I know you’re not dating anybody… And I miss you…” She started to kiss his neck.
he thought as he started running back to his room
“221B Baker Street,” John told the cabbie, who nodded as John climbed into the passenger seat. “Thanks for your help,” he told Molly and Greg.
"This is where I leave you." Anthea said, "Your room is 2-J on the second floor. You can check it out and just return for your things at the admin building later. You need to come back to sign up for classes, anyway. Here's your room key." She handed him the said item.
John knew he should be worried. He had never felt this way about a boy before. And he was worried. He just couldn’t be bothered to worry about it right now. Not when he was feeling so giddy and intense and… alive.
“You’re so shtrong, John,” Sherlock said, flailing his legs as if trying to stand on his own.
“Uh, yeah.”
John slept soundly, albeit colorfully. He dreamed of dark hair and sad eyes and an intense need to protect. When he found consciousness, it was with a heavy heart.
“Well, then. Yeah… yeah,” John had taken another gulp from his pint. “Fuck. If it’s so bloody obvious then he must know already.”
Hot showers were one of his favorite things in the world. As John let the water wake him up fully, he felt the hairs at the back of his neck stand. He turned to see Sherlock seemingly getting ready for a shower of his own. John felt his insides flutter and enjoyed that rare fleeting feeling without shame. He knew he would eventually have to deal with the confusion, but for now…
Molly had laughed. “Kind of.”
+++++++++++++++
“Well, if you don’t want me to then you shouldn’t have asked me, John,” Sherlock said.
John was still there. Sherlock can feel his presence behind him, giving him goosebumps. He shivered.
With the guys from
Molly was trying to contain her laughter, not wanting to wake Sherlock up. “Yeah, we could both hear him from across the room.”
“Yes, well, things change,” Sherlock mumbled.
Two raps at the door and he was on his feet, startled and skittish like a newborn colt. John licked his lips and crossed the door to open it.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Cool. We’re neighbors, then,” he said, licking his lips nervously.
He was saved from having to decide what to do by a voice that interrupted his anxious musings. “Oh, hey!”
“Don’t worry about it, mate!” Greg said as the cab drove off.
“Oh, hey!” He greeted Sherlock, smiling widely. Sherlock turned and their eyes met. John’s heart quickened at the eye contact. “You up for an early shower, too?”
“Yeah, it’s me. Can you get up?”
“Uh, thanks?” John swallowed, his mouth suddenly dry as his flatmate started nuzzling his neck. He had to try a few times to get the key in the lock and sighed in relief as the door swung open. He dragged Sherlock inside and closed the front door with his foot. “Listen, we need to go upstairs. Do you think we can do that?”
“You trying to get rid of me?” John said, one side of his mouth quirking up in a smile. “I get the hint. I need to unpack anyway. You headed back, too?” He angled his head towards the direction of the rooms.
Out of habit (reform schools would do that to you), he got up at five and tossed and turned for a bit. When he was sure he wouldn’t be able to go back to sleep, he decided to take a shower.
A knock on the door startled him and he leapt from the bed and ran a hand through his curls. He opened the door, sullen expression at the ready.
apartment? In
“Hey, you wanna grab breakfast when you’re done?” John made sure his voice carried over the splashing of the water. “What do you guys do for food around here anyway? The cafeteria seems like a sad place.”
+++++++++++++++
Sherlock winced from the contact, barely acknowledging the taunts and the slowly increasing volume of laughter.
“What? Are you kidding? Is that why you’re so skinny?” John’s voice seemed to moving much closer. “Can we have food delivered here?” Dangerously close now.
John, tipsy and confused, stared at the fingers tracing patterns on his knee and moving their way upwards. “Jeanette, listen—” He looked up to see her face inches away from his.
Her mom got a job in the States and she decided to go with her. She didn’t have to, of course, you know how nice her mom is, but Molly figured it would be good for her, you know. So… she’s throwing a party tonight at her place. You wanna go?”
“Oh… Uh… Yeah. Why not?”
“Are you just going to sit there or are you gonna help us?” Greg growled as they started half-lifting half-dragging Sherlock towards the bed.
“Drink some water,” John said, placing the glass on the coffee table. “Are you gonna throw up?” John sat next to him, his hand hovering a few inches from Sherlock. He wanted to rub his friend’s back to make him feel better but now it didn’t seem like such a good idea after how his body reacted to some harmless nuzzling.
“Jesus Christ, Sherlock! Put your pants on!” John exclaimed.
John’s phone pinged. The food was here. He went quickly down the stairs, paid, and ran back up. John exhaled and turned to glance at Sherlock’s door. Still closed. He walked towards it and knocked.
John nodded and nudged Sherlock more forcefully, “C’mon, Sherlock, let’s go home.”
“Well, for starters, he was loud,” Molly said and Greg nodded. “I don’t know if you saw but he was playing beer pong with the lads—”
When he came back, Sherlock was on sitting on the sofa with his elbows on his knees and his head in his hands. Sherlock was swallowing repeatedly, as if trying not to throw up.
John had punched him on the arm. “Don’t call him stupid!”
“Thank you,” John said, amused. He wasn’t sure if he was strong enough to get Sherlock up to their flat but he could at least get them both inside. “Hold on, okay?” John tightened his arms around Sherlock as he used his other hand to grab his keys from his pocket.
“Oh, for sure,” John answered.
The boy gave him a tight smile and mumbled, “Sherlock.”
Sighing, the young boy unlocked the door to his room and went in. He dropped his things on the floor and kicked the door closed. The minute he heard the door slam shut behind him, all thoughts of harsh words and cruelty disappeared. He always tried to keep his room free from all the shit he had to put up with every day. This was his own place. His palace.
“I definitely want some,” she said coyly, coming up to his side and taking the rum bottle from him. She poured them each a generous portion and topped it off with some Coke. “Cheers!”
“Uh… sure. Thanks,” Sherlock replied, his face flaming at the thought of John looking at his skinny form. He felt John finally move away, his flip-flops slapping against the tiled floor.
John grimaced, knowing how that would turn out.
"Hey, weirdo! Why'd you even wake up? Why didn't you kill yourself last night?" The words were accompanied by a sharp kick to his left shin.
Sherlock swallowed and faced John.
“Yes.”
“Do you need help finding it?” The words were out of John’s mouth before he could stop them. He couldn’t understand it but he didn’t want this encounter to end yet.
"Yes, ma'am," he answered gravely.
"Yes," she replied. "All students are required to stay here Monday to Friday all semester. Everything you need to know is in the handbook and manual in all common rooms."
John stared at his best friend’s retreating back, wondering what the hell just happened.
"Alright, then. As long as we're clear." Ms. Hudson tried to smile at him but it wound up looking like a grimace, no doubt brought about by her anticipation of his wrongdoings in the near future.
John leapt to his feet and took over for Molly. “What happened?”
Looking around, John suddenly realized he had nothing else to do and a wave of nervousness washed over him. What should he do next? Should he knock on Sherlock’s door to invite him here? Was Sherlock done getting ready and waiting for him next-door? He had never felt such uncertainty in his life. Even with girls he instinctively knew what to do and damn the rejection.
They jumped apart and Jeanette looked up in annoyance at the doorway behind John. “This room is occu—,”  she started to say when her eyes went wide and John looked over his shoulder to find Molly and Greg sandwiching a passed out Sherlock between them, their arms around him.
Molly patted his thigh and gave him a sympathetic smile. “So what do you wanna do with him? He can stay here tonight. Or do you wanna take him home?”
“Yeah, he said he had a case,” said John.
Sherlock was lying supine on the couch, which, on its own, wasn’t really remarkable, except…
“Sherlock, what are you doing?” John asked gently, trying to calm his racing heartbeat and interested dick.
Sherlock turned and there he was. He caught a glimpse of John with a towel wrapped around his waist, chest bare and hair wet, looking positively gorgeous. He swiftly faced the other way, feeling self-conscious of… everything. He was too skinny. His legs felt like sticks and his chest… well, there was nothing at all muscular about it, unlike John’s. His mouth felt dry, even with all the water running across his face. “Yeah, that’s not a problem.”
“Sherlock-“
“Oh, hi,” he said. “Want some?” He held up the rum bottle.
“Hey! Yeah… Just got home. Saw you sleeping and I thought you might be cold so I got you your blanket…” John was aware he was rambling as he backed away towards the kitchen.
They walked in silence again and when they reached hallway, they simultaneously turned to each other.
“No. No, of course I want you to. It’s just that you never say yes,” John said, still gobsmacked. First the drinking and the birthday suit, now this. Something was definitely up.
"Anthea, please escort Mr. Watson to the dormitories," Ms. Hudson said.
Sherlock quickly gathered up his things before other people woke up and started getting ready for the day. He went into his room and mechanically started putting on sweatpants and a t-shirt. As he tried wrestling his dark hair into something halfway decent (dear God, he was beginning to care about how he looks!), he caught a glance of his eyes in the mirror hanging behind his door. He felt a jolt of surprise. He looked… happy. The expression was so unfamiliar that he felt like he was staring at a stranger.
He steeled his resolve and decided to try to enjoy himself. He got up from the sofa and wandered to the kitchen. He was poking through liquor bottles and was deciding between a rum and Coke or a beer when Jeanette came in.
“What was he doing?” John asked as they all tried to settle comfortably in their spots.
Annoyed with himself, Sherlock tried to decide whether to look for it now or later. He wasn’t in the mood to run into one of the faculty and be forced to go to class. If he postponed the search, however, there was a good chance that somebody else would find it and-
“-I really need to find it so I have to go.”
“What?”
- when he heard it.
“No, it’s all good,” Sherlock answered.
“Yeah, I get it.” Which John kind of did.
“What? Are you kidding? Is that why you’re so skinny?” John tried to keep his tone light. “Can we have food delivered here?” He took the last step towards Sherlock’s stall and his mind went utterly blank. His eyes landed on Sherlock’s back and the curve of his ass. John swallowed hard.
“You already got a breakfast date with some hot chick?” Mike laughed. “Alright. Just wanted to welcome you to the school. See you soon, man!”
“No, no,” Greg chimed in. “He was arguing with them but he wasn’t being… Sherlock. You know? I think he was trying to be one of them, like talking about sports and girls and whatnot.”
“Uh... I have some cash here,” he said flatly.
His blue eyes met Sherlock's blue-gray ones and he smiled.
“Should I just order any breakfast food for you? You allergic to anything?”
“Can you guys help me take him downstairs? I think it’s best if we just go home.”
“Bye, Sherlock.”
Sherlock looked away, which made John frown a little. “Umm… yeah. Couldn’t really sleep,” Sherlock said quietly. He moved away and went into one of the shower stalls to John’s left. John heard the shower being turned on.
After a few more seconds, feeling like a pervert all the while, Sherlock finally tore his gaze away from his new friend. He turned and started fussing with his things, slightly panicking. What should he do? Should he say hi? Let John know he was there? It would be weird if he didn’t, right? Would not saying anything make him seem more-
They had been best friends since the beginning of uni, meeting in a psychology class where Sherlock deduced John’s background (middle class family, military father, alcoholic mother) and sexual orientation (bisexual). John had been so impressed he invited Sherlock out for coffee. They had spent the whole afternoon together and John, in turn, had deduced Sherlock’s lack of friends and indifference to social norms.
They entered the open double doors. Immediately inside was a typical hallway with stairs several steps away. The walls were covered with bulletin boards with announcements and the like. A huge common room was to the right.
Their eyes met as Sherlock shook his hand. John blinked. He felt a warmth spread across his chest, short-circuiting his brain and making his mouth dry.
“I don’t really eat much,” Sherlock answered. He needed to get out of here fast. Soap, shampoo, rinse, then escape.
In the kitchen, John grunted in response as he put the kettle on. “Why were you drinking? It’s four o’clock in the afternoon.” Not that Sherlock usually drank at all. It was John who was always coming home drunk after a celebratory rugby match or after a long exam week.
Sherlock gave a little snore that John tried, unsuccessfully, not to find adorable.
“J-John?” Sherlock said, rubbing his forehead.
Sherlock repeated his daily mantra to himself as he wove in and out of bodies in their well-lit hallway. His arms, hugging his books towards his skinny chest, were jostled several times by different people, nobody bothering to apologize. Feeling himself nearing his destination, his eyes darted upwards for a millisecond to confirm that he was there -
At the end of the year, they were living together at 221B Baker Street; Sherlock still indifferent to other people except John, and John still… well, bisexual.
+++++++++++++++
he thought. At least that sperm donor he called his father had some sort of use. And honestly, it wasn't even drugs, really. Just weed. A lot of it, to be sure, but he was over all that. Really.
+++++++++++++++
John cleared his throat and finally, with all the effort he could muster, said, “Okay. So do you wanna order something? My treat.” It was all he could do to make up for being a Peeping Tom.
said no. He always said it was a waste of time and he had better things to do. “Really?”
bedroom?”
“Thanks for helping me find my phone,” he said. “You know how we teenagers are. We can’t live without this.” He patted his pocket.
2-A... 2-B... He had to walk all the way to the end of the hall before he found his room.
After words of greeting were said by all, Greg said to John, “You wanna grab breakfast with us? We’re going off-campus to this place with this really hot waitress that Anderson’s been dying to-“
“Okay.”
+++++++++++++++
John’s gaze landed on the tallest guy in front and recognition dawned. “Stamford! How are you, man? I didn’t know you went to this school!” He gave Mike Stamford a quick slap-handshake that turned into a hug.
“You, too, man,” John grabbed his hand and shook it firmly. They both pulled away at the same time and opened their doors.
John lifted Sherlock out of the seat and onto the sidewalk, Sherlock’s legs still seemingly unable to support his weight.
It’s not that John never thought about it. He just never let himself dwell on the attraction he felt towards his mad flat mate. It had crept up on him, this feeling of fondness, then fascination, then want. He would try to date and once or twice, they even lasted a few weeks, but he would end up comparing them to Sherlock and wasn’t that just the saddest thing in the world?
At the end of the year, they were living together at 221B Baker Street; Sherlock still indifferent to other people except John, and John still… well, bisexual.
They were on the walkway right outside the door of their building. Sherlock shrugged and said, “It could be anywhere from here to the main academic building.”
“Sure,” Greg said.
“It will,” Molly had said firmly. “You’ll make sure it does.”
They both stopped and grinned, Sherlock realizing it was the first time John had said his name. He also realized he liked it. A lot.
“I’ve never seen him drunk,” Greg mused. “It was… weird.”
“I’ll be ready at eight.” Sherlock swept out of the room and into the hallway, looking over his shoulder. “Ta for the tea.”
Sherlock sighed with relief as he held out a hand for his phone. “Thanks.”
Sherlock didn't look up but he could feel people smiling and getting into the groove of things. It was a ritual, this. It unfailingly starts off with a few smiles, subtle snickers, maybe a laugh or two, then it gradually morphs into something more. Like they were trying to be decent people at first but then they forget about it the next minute for no apparent reason. Well, Sherlock knew what the reason was. It was because in him they had a scapegoat. Because if it was him, it couldn't be them.
John inhaled sharply at the pain he saw reflected on those piercing eyes. His heart constricted for this beautiful boy who was so obviously broken.
John, all five feet seven of him, was nervous.
“Huh,” Molly said, frowning. “It’s a wonder he lasted as long as he did.”
Sherlock glanced up at his companion. He was a couple of inches shorter than John, a fact he was contemplating while walking in silence with the taller boy.
Sherlock snatched the sheet out of John’s hand and started scribbling.
“The police have their own methods of extracting the truth, you know. I doubt they show much mercy to assassins.” he added.
John looked at Sherlock then, registering the concern on his face, and everything stabilised a little. A lump rose in his throat. Sherlock was always so
“Could we talk to him?”
“Yes.”
Sherlock almost giggled. “’Malicious bacteria species’? Seriously, what kind of a doctor are you?”
“Is Dr Watson home?” she asked.
But he’d studied enough chemistry and biology to know otherwise.
Sherlock paced his room that night, his frustration increasing. Chasing down the person who was orchestrating this drama was turning out to be a lot more difficult than he’d thought. Irene, Mrs Hudson, the help at the Evans’ - none of them had led back to anything. Even the Golem had chosen to die rather than reveal his employer’s name. The only person who had ever inspired such fear was...well, Moriarty.
When he bent over Rosie’s cot, she reached out and wiped away his tears.
Sherlock rolled his eyes at the straightened knocker. Mycroft had obviously dropped by. He half-ran, half-climbed up the stairs, feeling only slightly guilty about taking so long to buy John’s medicine. “I’ve got it.” he announced, setting the heavy shopping bag down.
“That sounds excruciatingly boring, but I do appreciate the sentiment.”
“Fine. I’ll drop by and visit, then. So - did you do it?”
he decided, running up and throwing the door open. Sure enough, there was a cooking pot on the stove, spewing smoke. He quickly put the lid on and turned off the stove, waiting for the flames to die down. Sherlock came out of the bedroom then, looking rather disoriented, holding a marker.
“Didn’t you notice that the man you let in looked exactly like the now dead inhabitant of this house?” John asked.
“No. Look at me.” Sherlock tilted John’s face up and met his eyes. “It’s you. It’s always you, John Watson. Didn’t you know?”
Sherlock hesitated, and Mycroft realized what was happening. Despite being cold and devoid of most human emotions (except for an intense love for his family), Mycroft could somehow understand what Sherlock felt for John. It rather hurt to know that his little brother wanted something and he couldn’t help him get it. Besides, he had his trepidations about what would happen if Sherlock started feeling too deeply. He could never forget the aftermath of Redbeard...
“Yes, but if I had just - ”
“Like what?” John asked, stooping to pick the lock.
They made their way through the complex - slowly, for there were more than a few security checks - and he could see her struggling to maintain her composure. As they got closer to Eurus’ cell, he realized that John wasn’t too happy to be back in Sherrinford either. John caught his eye and smiled reassuringly, but dropped it as soon as he looked away.
Sherlock stared at him, completely taken aback.
“That didn’t work so well on the stag night, did it?”
He nodded reluctantly, eyes following them out.
Mycroft sat down and precariously balanced Rosie on his knee. “Where’s -
“I burnt it. It said to burn it.”
John and Sherlock were standing outside the flat, waiting for someone to open the door, which had a giant yellow 4 painted on it. The small nameplate on the door said Upton Adams.
She pursed her lips.
“When we’re both old and cranky and want to get away from the filth of central London, I would love for you to move in with me.”
“He was in bed, but I realized that his bedside lamp was broken. So I went to wake him up and then I noticed that his eyes were open, but he- he wasn’t breathing. I called the police then, and they said - they said - ” He broke down completely.
“The Vitruvian Man...the Ideal Man.” John smiled. “You really are something else. Okay, I’m tired of this - they clearly destroyed the form. Shall we leave?”
Sherlock shook his head, feeling too chastised to speak.
“No, it doesn’t.”
“Who is it?”
“No, Sherlock.” John said forcefully, “It’s all very well now, but what about when Rosie starts to walk and explore and open cabinets? I don’t want her growing up thinking that it’s perfectly normal to find heads and eyes lying around the house.”
“Cumbersome.”
“There’s no escape now. We’re surrounded. I can still help you get away - but only if you tell me who hired you to kill James Oliver.”
“Oh. Thanks. Uh...it’s really not a good idea for her to leave Sherrinford.”
“I’ll try.” John said, as they got into the cab. “Right, how did you know about the drug overdose?”
“I’m a doctor!” John protested.
. Rosie stopped crying and surveyed him with equal parts interest and wariness. Finally, she happily reached out and tweaked his nose. “Ta.” she declared. He just held her even further, unsure about what to do. He hadn’t dealt with babies since Sherlock and Eurus, and he remembered all too well how
having a good time. If he was determined to get answers, Irene was equally resolute not to give any. He’d spent the last hour trying to steer their conversation into dangerous waters, but she kept cutting him off with snarky comments. They were halfway through dessert by the time he managed to make any headway.
John thought.
Sherlock shifted to the armchair, and John made his way to the fridge. He opened it, swore profusely, and slammed it shut.
“He’s woken up earlier than usual.” she said. “Now, if he’s in a good mood, I’ll let you talk. Otherwise - it’s pointless, come back later. Go wait in the garden, I’ll just wheel him out.”
He stopped himself at the last minute and flung it across the room instead. It hit the wall and bounced off, upsetting one of Rosie’s block towers. He heard the screen break with a satisfying
Apart from that, there were several missed calls from John and a text saying ‘call me’. For a few seconds, Sherlock’s fingers hovered over the keypad, and he tapped out ‘please come back’. There was a moment when he imagined pressing send, then John would come back and they’d hug and he’d explain everything.
babies never grow up.” He smiled down at Sherlock’s head in his lap and ruffled his hair affectionately.
“Oh, all right.” John settled into his armchair. “Charlotte Oliver was incarcerated in Sherrinford a long time ago, but she got out. She wanted to clear away all traces of her past life, so she somehow stole the file and changed her name to Irene Adler. That’s my theory.”
“Stop teasing me.”
She frowned. “Don’t you think you should spare him the pain? Let him get better-”
“Do you
“I’m still living with you, aren’t I? Besides, nobody I’ve ever dated could possibly compare to you.”
had ended.
“It gets you all hot and flustered.”
“I love you too, you stupid git.” John said, releasing him and turning back to the forms. They sorted in silence for a while, but it was boring work, and it wasn’t long before John spoke again.
He was glad for the moonlight and the way it illuminated John’s face - his blonde hair, his sparkling eyes, the small smile as Sherlock tentatively reached out to touch his face. He grabbed a handful of Sherlock’s shirt - but softly, gently, like he had all the time in the world - and pulled him down for another kiss.
“Yea, Lestrade needs me to solve a robbery.”
“When did you realize that you’re a lesbian?”
“You just short-circuited my brain, but please continue.” he managed to say, before John pushed him back into the sheets and proceeded to snog him quite thoroughly. He moved his hand down to John’s chest and felt, to his disappointment,
“You already know the answer to that, Mycroft.”
John pecked him on the cheek and held out his gift. “Did you know that you’re actually a hopeless romantic?”
Silence, apart from the sounds of car doors opening and closing down the street. Running footsteps on the stairs.
John and Sherlock shared a look, then John reached out and took her hand. “Mrs Hudson...you have to tell us what you know. People’s lives could depend on this information.”
. He prepared himself not to wince in case John accidentally touched one of the scars from Serbia, but he didn’t need to. John was as careful as he was skilled.
“I think I have a plan.” John said quietly, “But you might not like it.”
“Yes, so could you cut to the chase and save us some time?” Sherlock asked coldly.
“Why talk about what could’ve happened?” he finally said. “It doesn’t matter.”
“Oh, John, I’ve tried it all! If you would just let me have one cigarette -”
John pushed a plate towards Sherlock.
over all these years.”
As he mounted the stairs, he sniffed the air uneasily.
“Wouldn’t understand what?” Sherlock asked. He was painfully aware of the fact that Irene had somehow slid closer to him, and had an inkling that she had done it unintentionally.
“Probably Mary.” Sherlock remarked.
“And if you want me to keep paying, you’d better cut to the chase.” Sherlock interrupted.
They had come back from Sherrinford just in time for dinner, but Sherlock had refused food and just sat around the apartment, lost in thought. Eventually, John had given up on trying to talk to him and gone to sleep. He’d left Sherlock staring at the fireplace, and when he awoke, Sherlock still hadn’t moved. He slid off the couch and sat down on the floor next to him.
. It had to stay buried deep inside, so that he could forget about it.
The steady
“Yes.”
Since neither Sherlock nor Mycroft had the patience to sit still and wait for the afternoon, they set off for Xavier Trevor’s house right after breakfast. The nurse greeted them, looking worn-out and stressed.
“Sherrinford is a beach.”
Sherlock watched him as he pressed his palms over his eyes. “Long day?”
“They mostly use it as a guest bedroom.” he was saying.
“Eurus told me she’d had sex.” he continued, more softly now. “Specifically, she said,
“I know, but Sherlock’s been so happy over the last two weeks. We all spent so much time puzzling over it that it was a relief to find out the reason. Better than wondering what new experiment he’s thinking up now.”
“You and your son were upstairs. That leaves Mark, the help. He hasn’t been with you for very long, so there’s none of that
“You know why.” John said pointedly. “I gave you away at your wedding, Harry. You know exactly why.”
“The crimes with red numbers…” Mycroft finally said, “They coincide with murder. Red five, Irene Adler’s mother murdered. Red three, Noel Evans’ father murdered. Red one…”
. John could hear Sherlock gasping for breath and clawing unsuccessfully at his captor’s strong arms. He tried not to panic as he buried his gun in the back of the Golem’s head, feeling a strange sense of deja vu.
“I - I thought you were tired of me interfering in your life and smudging everything up.”
https://www.wattpad.com/story/96901711-beyond-the-gravestones-sherlock-johnlock-fanfic
“Do you have a wife, Dr Watson?”
John winced. “Sherlock, Ghost Father? A bit not good.”
“Don’t hold back. We’re not with the police, not exactly.” Sherlock added, sitting down beside him.
was why his sexuality was such a touchy subject with him. Sherlock couldn’t imagine missing Rosie’s wedding, no matter who she chose to marry.
John thought.
, John thought.
“I’m sorry about earlier.” she interrupted, “I was being melodramatic. I can’t hate on you for not being a hero. If there’s an explanation, I want to hear it.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John quickly whipped out his phone. There was no time to stare; he snapped a photo of the front page. He turned the page to reveal a picture of a vaguely familiar woman, but before he could register anything of note, he heard footsteps outside the room. The file was far too big to smuggle out; he quickly clicked another photo, returned the file to its hiding place and shut the closet, moving towards the door just in time. Yardley Oliver opened it and looked at him suspiciously.
“Oh, thank god - “ Sherlock started, breathing a sigh of relief, but he didn’t get very far.
No answer. John tried again. “What are you thinking?”
“John?”
“It stopped.” Sherlock said, his voice barely above a whisper. “The doctors told me later - it stopped, but it started again on its own...”
“Thank you. We’ll examine the house now.”
John rocked her to sleep, then took her back to her cot in the living room. Sherlock was still sitting on the sofa, limbs curled up tight now, the same stoic expression on his face. Although the newscaster had moved on to a different story, he was still staring at the TV.
The nasty voice inside his head snickered.
John’s thoughts were interrupted by Sherlock tearing up a post-it. He heaved an angry sigh and curled up into a ball on the floor, pouting like an obstinate child.
“Wha- you’ve got a dominatrix on speed dial!”
“Yes, I did, I did!” he said through his sobs. Rachel gasped. “I had no choice, I was contacted and offered money and my wife back home needs it, what with a baby on the way and - “
"Fine."
take her out?”
Greg Lestrade watched his men examine the backyard, sifting through piles of dirt and uprooted plants. A few them dug around with spades, stopping every now and then to shake their heads at him.
women. He was preparing to rebuke John for the millionth time, when Billy Wiggins appeared in the doorway. His mood immediately lightened. He’d had Billy and the homeless network hunting out the Golem for weeks, and this visit could only mean something important.
Harry grinned and punched the air. “Sorry, sorry. Took you long enough.”
“But you aren’t. I can get you some, if you’d like. I’m sure one of them -” she tilted her head at the guards, “- has a pack.”
John Watson didn’t want to get out of bed.
Sherlock’s heart swelled. He knew that if he had to deal with John’s overreacting patients on a daily basis, he would be out of the clinic before you could say
“Huh?”
Her psychiatrist would sigh wearily.
“How’s Rosie?”
He made eye contact with John for a moment, then quickly looked away, fumbling through the forms.
when Mrs Ferrier screamed, what are the odds of that? Obviously, he’s in cahoots with Lucy. She stole the necklace and he took it from her when no one was looking.”
“We know that, you dolt.” Mrs Holmes said, filling up his plate with a third helping of bacon. “We named you.”
“Do you want us to leave?” he asked playfully, then saw the horrified look on Sherlock’s face and hastily backpedalled. “I’m only joking, love.”
A few minutes later, she finally came to. “When?” she asked faintly.
John and Sherlock shared an uneasy glance. Neither felt like letting Mrs Hudson off the hook so easily, but she could be uncannily stubborn when she wanted. They hesitantly rose to leave.
“The fifth crime.”
“Noel - is that your name? - you must listen to me carefully. There’s nothing wrong with you and absolutely no reason to be ashamed. People are wired differently, and who you really are - it matters, and it’s fine. It’s all fine.”
Mycroft shot him a nasty look. “Yes, I wanted to remind you about the East London murder. I’ve made arrangements for you to visit the crime scene in -” he checked his watch - “an hour. It’s no use asking me why I’m so persistent about you taking this case, Sherlock, you’ll have to figure it out on your own.” He rose to leave. “Thank you for the tea.”
. John broke away, and the gleam in his eyes sent a jolt of something inexplicable through Sherlock.
“You’re a good man, Sherlock Holmes.”
“You’re early.” Sherlock said casually. The two-day-old bruise on his face was now blue, and John reminded himself to apply the ice pack again later. Sherlock frowned at him, half-rising from the armchair. “What’s wrong? John?”
“The night of your date with Irene Adler. I met her when I came back.”
“It’s always a good time to do that.”
“We’re going to visit the morgue.” he said under his breath.
“John, you’re wrong. Again.”
“Not just Rosie. You, too.” Sherlock said, “Over the last few years, I have seen you wrapped in Semtex, targeted by Moriarty, set on fire, tranquilized by my sister, and chained to the bottom of a rapidly filling well. That’s without even counting the car accident and everything that’s happened since then.”
“Can you stay out here?” Sherlock asked.
“I suppose us sharing a room gave it away.” he said.
Lestrade opened the door and led them into the dingy house, filling them in on the details as he did so. “No murder or robbery this time. Just a break-in. Upton’s sister Bertha died a week ago. Last night, he heard noises from the living room, so he came out to check. It turned out to be Bertha. He scrambled to his bedroom, locked the door from the inside and when he came out, she was gone.”
So this was it.
He stared after her, wondering what was wrong. She wasn’t immature enough to be upset about John and Sherlock...was she? He decided she was probably just stressed out about something else and closed the door.
John Watson was not a coward.
In the end, there really wasn’t any choice.
Sherlock dropped his phone and leaned back in his chair, stretching listlessly. He watched John moving around the room, settling Rosie in her crib, picking up stray diapers and flashcards. John had come back from lunch with Harry decidedly relaxed - that was a good sign. A few months ago, he used to stomp around the flat for
Mycroft shot him a dirty look. “Let’s address the elephant in the room, shall we? You two - are you a - a
“Yes. You check her luggage, I’ll check her person. I mean...” Sherlock trailed off awkwardly, “That’s not what I meant, um…”
“You’re sure they’re connected?”
“Yes, guilt.” he said, and brushed his lips against Sherlock’s, the momentary contact somehow enough to set his nerves aflame. He pulled away to see Sherlock looking utterly devastated, a mixture of shock and uncertainty on his face.
“Ask away.” he said, heart definitely thumping a little faster.
“How on earth am I supposed to know? I’m not you!”
"We should do something. Something special."
“Doesn’t she look like Irene Adler?” John asked, breaking eye contact. “I mean, she’s chubbier, has blonde hair, but if you look closely, it’s the same woman. Also, Oliver told me that he had a daughter named Charlotte. Her mother walked out when she was a baby, and Charlotte rarely came home after college. Kept in touch with him, though.”
“Nobody’s seen her since the robbery occurred, except for Mrs Ferrier and the policemen.”
Sherlock shrugged. He’d never quite understood the point of these labels - but then again, he’d never understood the concept of love and sentiment. Still, he had to admit that part of him liked knowing that John was
No such thoughts seemed to bother John.They hadn’t told anyone about them yet, save Mrs Hudson - things were too new and fragile and Sherlock had a gut feeling that John was trying to ease him into things slowly. Part of him knew that it wasn’t just for him; John was still trying to figure himself out.
“There are a few spots in the woods, but we mostly stuck to this path and trekked to a small hill just beyond the trees. Stellar view, and no animals nose into the camp.” Noel said.
He turned away, and they stood in silence until Sherlock came back from Eurus’ cell.
Sherlock knew that he was at a dead end. He couldn’t move forward with the case until he found out more about the boy’s history, and he couldn’t do that until he talked to Irene and John talked to her father. Rosie raised her head and peered at the wall, too, pouting.
“Shut up. I’ve been in love with you for far longer than you can possibly imagine. When you came back, it drove me crazy - I couldn’t choose. You were as unattainable as ever -”
John thought. Maybe it had something to do with their utter isolation, or the fact that Sherlock’s face was so close to his that he could almost count his eyelashes - but suddenly he needed Sherlock to
For the first time that night, John took a deep swig from his untouched glass. “I did.” he said quietly.
“You came back earlier than I deduced you would.” Sherlock said, amused, “And just as drunk, if not more.”
“His...his bones? How do you know-”
“That was even worse, because if I slept, I dreamt about you. I dreamt that you were alive and we were solving some stupid case together, and I’d always wake up right before you told me the solution. Then I would have to deal with the echoing emptiness of the flat. People say that misery dulls everything - what was that phrase? Ah, ‘tinges it with grey’. It was the opposite for me. Everything was too bright and too loud. I remember thinking,
Mycroft thought.
“You’re the best conductor of light!” Sherlock declared, flouncing around the room. “Finally,
“I miss Mary. She had nice….eyes.” John said quietly. He paused. “You know who else has nice eyes?”
“I told Mike you said you were sorry you missed his birthday.” John said.
John had spent the entire helicopter ride trying not to think about what would happen if it malfunctioned. He didn’t mind crashing into Sherrinford, but what if they fell into the water? He clutched the railing and glanced at the waves, then turned away, trying not to think. It wouldn’t do. It wouldn’t do to think about that; not here, not now, not
He was cut off by a scream of agony from one of the upper floors. They barely took in their surroundings as they rushed in and bounded up the stairs, which seemed to spiral up endlessly. Finally, they sighted the Golem disappearing at the top of the stairs, and came out onto a landing where a girl lay sprawled and helpless.
Mycroft nudged Sherlock, who felt like there was something lodged at the back of his throat. He swallowed and knelt down so that he was at face level with Mr Trevor.
“How easy it must be for him.” Mycroft mused. “To be able to rest at will. To turn his brain off whenever he wants.”
“Good. We have enough time to grab a bite.”
“ - maybe it would help if you looked at the bigger picture. Connect and compare the crimes by their broader similarities.”
John slid into the seat next to him. “Hey. Got your text. How is she?”
“No, no, that’s not what I meant. I meant for the future.” John seemed hesitant to bring the topic up, as if afraid of what answer he might get. “You’re eventually going to get too old to run about solving crimes and handling clients all day. Or do you plan on being a consulting detective till you’re grey and old? Because I can see you doing that too, to be quite honest.”
, and nothing could be more incongruous.
John doesn’t turn, doesn’t pull away, doesn’t move.
After Holmes and Watson receive a letter from Lestrade inviting them on a case, we are removed from their already comforting presence and transported to the scene of the crime, where we see a desperate woman begging three stone-faced onlookers to believe she did not murder her fiancee. The power differential between the woman and her accusers is visually emphasized by her being seated as the others stand over her, and we soon have confirmation of what their positions suggest: her accusers relish wielding their power over her.
Conclusion: He needs to die. Worse: He’ll have to ask Mycroft for help.
John blinked slowly, face twisting into something like betrayal before falling again. “Gone.”
“Dinner? Tea?”
After the numbness, the shock, there is the burst of emotions: elation, confusion, fear, disbelief, joy that doesn’t feel like joy because it is impossible, and because John hadn’t meant for him to hear those words and if he discovers he was overheard he’ll be furious—Unless he meant to be heard? What if John knows he is under the bed, guessed what had happened and is mocking him? But no, John would never—then the sobbing begins, and Sherlock can’t hide anymore because John is crying and he doesn’t understand but one way or another it’s because of him; and even if being found eavesdropping under John’s bed is the last straw and John leaves for good this time—well, John deserves to know.
not frightened), that the vague intuition which has been trying to form for weeks finally solidifies into thought and conviction.
Quietly, Stamford sprayed a cloth with an alcohol solution, grabbed a bin, and made his way over to the mess. With slow and deliberate movements he collected the shards and soaked up the liquid. When he finished, he raised his eyes to find the detective staring at him. After a pause, Sherlock nodded once. Stamford returned the gesture and plodded back to his table.
“John? John Watson!”
Moments of genius aside, Stamford prizes those small vulnerabilities from the most subtly reserved man he has ever known as the ultimate testament to his disposition. But others, unaware that there is anything much to discover about the open-faced captain, are rather more impressed by the treatment Stamford receives from the resident consulting detective. Or rather, they are impressed by the treatment he does not receive. The detective can clear a lab in a matter of minutes—when he first began commandeering labs at Barts he would send anyone who hadn’t already sought to escape his crazed mutterings scurrying off with barbed deductions, and soon enough his mere presence would induce an abrupt and comprehensive leave-taking. At first Stamford left with the others, not wanting to disturb the man when he so clearly wished to be alone, but one particularly boring day his curiosity overcame his impulse to avoid making a scene. So when the detective burst in and the others gathered their things with undisguised exasperation, Stamford stayed put and waited for the verbal firestorm. It never came.
We were so absurdly happy, those early days. We may not have been indulging in the more acute delights of later years, but there was a freedom to the joy of those first blessed weeks, preceding the advent of anxieties and hidden hopes and quiet despair. At that time there was a peace at the heart of our madcap life which it would take many years and many promises to regain.
I’ve always liked Wilkins. He’s a steady fellow, intelligent but eager to learn, and no show-off. Ha. Well, I suppose opposites do attract, as they say. But the man also has a subversive strain of humor and self-satisfaction which adds interest to his character. So, when he walked in saying something about a case whilst I was in the middle of an experiment regarding the medicinal potential of poisons, I scarcely registered his words. Instead I drew him in with a cup of tea, and within minutes had a ready listener and assistant in my experiment. And then there was the case, and as usual I was more concerned with impressing than being impressed. As a result, I was once again unforgivably slow to realize that Watson was being extraordinary.
Stamford just hoped the performance was for his benefit, and that John dropped it when alone with Mary, at least sometimes.
He mutters “sleep” and sits on a hard chair and lays his head on his forearms on the hard countertop. Sleep really would be best—Sherlock clearly isn’t in the mood for teamwork, and the best John can do is be rested enough to be alert and ready when the time comes.
• One think I enjoy about the duo’s case-working dynamic is the way Watson immediately becomes Holmes’s confidant for anything from thoughts on the case to snide asides. For example: 11:09–11:22, 12:33–13:00, 15:40–16:25, 19:25–31, 20:17–20:20, 24:11–24:26.
“John Watson.” The answer was instant, certain, impulsive, and he cursed himself for it.
And yeah, Sherlock had it coming. How
“I used to think maybe that was true, that you just don’t care. But I have been objective and scientific. I have explored every angle, every explanation, every alternative, and the only possible conclusion is that
A brief aside: I’m not often fond of voiceovers, but unfortunately this series does not touch on Watson’s writing, so his voiceovers are the closest we come to Watson as a storyteller. This comes with a bonus: the more he narrates the more we get the impression that we are being regaled with these stories by an old and content Watson, and it adds security to this narrative’s joy. One feels convinced there was no bitter end for these two; the memories are untainted with loss or estrangement, and more than likely Holmes is sitting across from Watson with his pipe and listening to his hopelessly embellished narrations with a fond and twinkling eye.
John’s glass dropped, cracked, spilled.
ask him, and I
• So very gay.
So he made his way to his desk, shifted beakers at random, drew in a steady breath, and said: “Welcome back, Sherlock.”
And then there’s Watson. Because lucky for us, Reynolds (supported by Howard Crawford) decided to be a hero on two counts.
” John is shouting now, standing practically knee-to-knee with Sherlock, and in the quarter of his brain that is still functioning, Sherlock is really quite proud of himself for maintaining his indifferent exterior. John continues: “I’m not sure how much of that care extends towards me”—
(As a side note, part of the reason I enjoy this reading of Howard Watson is that it puts him in conversation with other Watson adaptations and the canon itself. Certainly it fits with my reading of the BBC
John had spoken in a desperately misguided attempt to keep Sherlock by his side; and he has ruined everything. There is no way Sherlock can bear to live in the proximity of an emotion so enormous as John’s love for him.
The last medic leaves and only Molly is still inside, and John abruptly launches himself sideways at the door, slamming it with his fists even as he scrambles to his feet mere moments before Molly opens the door.
Besides, if Sherlock can hear of the death of the one person with whom he is openly affectionate without making the faintest effort to alleviate her pain—well then. What sort of man has John been devoting himself to these past years?
He is standing so very close, face hovering above John’s, and John is pressing against the door, terrified now he has felt just how completely Sherlock is capable of tearing him apart, yet his response is unconsidered, inevitable: “what do you need?”
“I love you,” he says, and for the first time the words are not meticulously controlled, for the first time they are not too quiet. They never will be again.
John stares, blinking rapidly. Then, all at once he throws back his head and laughs, deep and full throated—and this, this is Sherlock’s favorite, John’s rarest laugh, the one fueled not by adrenaline or even humor, but by pure unmitigated joy.
Sherlock didn’t leave.
After three months of silence Sherlock made a rapid succession of appearances in the news: “Sherlock is No Homo!” (
Of course, this mental assertion and the detachment Sherlock must project for John’s benefit might be a bit more convincing if Sherlock wasn't gripping the chair arms with whitened knuckles.
“Not necessarily . . .”
It’s a miracle that the plan is working this well, that Sherlock is actually standing on the edge of the roof, Mycroft’s lackeys poised for action below, Moriarty bleeding behind him. Well, that last is a mixed blessing. Yesterday he’d have thought that would be a best-case scenario, but if the man hadn’t gone and shot himself in the head he could have called off the snipers and maybe . . .
Anxiety—expected. Today he might die. But that is hardly unusual; just increased odds today. The emotion is pleasingly under control and easily placed in his filing cabinet. (
For his part, despite his previous discomfort over Stamford’s anecdote about Holmes’s corpse-beating, Watson is instantly charmed by Holmes—charmed, bemused, fascinated, and already (in my view anyhow) careening his way to being in love. Not only does he forget his reservations and instantly agree to move in with the man (Holmes having made up his own mind amidst his rambling about hemoglobin), he enters willingly into the conversational dance and within moments has already adopted this particular smile, a smile which ranges between smitten “you are incredible and fascinating” and indulgent “I love my silly husband whom I just met.” (For reference, see minute 7.11–7.35).
Sherlock Holmes was alive, and John Watson was about to be wedded to Mary Morstan. Stamford received a wedding invitation with “John Hamish Watson” written alongside the name of that woman, and he threw it in the bin. He told himself he was overreacting, that John was an intelligent man who could determine his own means of happiness. Yet Stamford couldn’t stop remembering John’s false smiles and Mary’s perfect mask and Sherlock the morning after he came back to life.
vial of chemicals to pretend to study while watching their every move.
He had lain there for an hour, breathing noiselessly, matching his inhales and exhales to John’s, simply because he could. He lay waiting for John to fall asleep, anxiously wondering whether it would be safest to risk slipping out or whether he should spend the night and escape when John went to use the loo, almost wishing he could stay the night despite the discomfort, but at the same time thinking,
But in this instance my heart was outpacing my head. It was only when Watson finally stopped my frantic charge towards Baker Street, which I really believed I had blown up with my neglected experiments, and told me that he’d turned off the gas on the way out, that it all struck. By means of a chance recommendation I had been granted a man who in less than a week had accepted my oddities without passivity, embraced my work, inspired such confidence in Lestrade that he'd wheedled his way into a case quite on his own, saved my life and now saved me from involuntary manslaughter. I do believe I positively gaped at the man. Fortunately for my pride he put that down to shock—and in all fairness he may not have been entirely wrong—and put his arm around my shoulders as he led me gently home. Because naturally the man wouldn’t settle for everything else that made him a wonder. He had to go and be a healer, too.
Because that’s one of the many the beauties of their relationship: Holmes frees Watson from the endless task of conforming, and his genuine self is far better than any cheap imitation. And while I didn’t get into in this write-up, Watson returns the favor by loving Holmes as he is while curbing his more dangerous exterminates and keeping him grounded and present. Also in this episode he’s already 2-for-2 saving Holmes’s life and property and they’re just so good for each other and I love them.
St. Bart's. Lab. SH
A week later law enforcement agencies declared the Moriarty messages to have been a false alarm: nothing more than an elaborate prank. Stamford shared the nation’s skepticism, but when Sherlock again appeared in the lab three days later, all the frenzy was gone from his movements. Instead he was slow. Lethargic, even. Periodically he just … stopped. It unsettled Stamford more than the frenzy. Sherlock seemed, well,
Intrigued, Stamford made a habit of failing to vacate rooms commandeered by the detective, and continued to find himself summarily ignored. At first he supposed that the man must have mellowed, and he had simply been the first to test the waters. But soon enough Lina, a young colleague, decided to try her own luck. It did not hold. Having had her wealth-enabled career laid out before her, she hotly demanded to know why the detective insisted on hating all and sundry, upon which he coolly informed her that she mustn’t flatter herself; she wasn’t nearly interesting enough to be hated. It was merely that they were all idiots, and being surrounded by idiocy distracted him. Incredulous, Lina asked whether he believed “that man”—here she gestured towards Stamford—to be the undiscovered savant of St. Barts. The detective returned to his chemicals as he replied, “No, he’s an idiot too. But he knows he’s an idiot, and doesn’t bother himself or me by pretending to be otherwise.”
I may have been a little slow to recognize what Watson was quickly becoming to me, but in a general sense I knew my proclivities well enough. Thus there was a distinct edge of danger added to the already mildly precarious circumstance of two bachelors sharing rooms—a danger that in some ways must only increase with each year we continue to spend together in that manner. And I already fully intended to spend quite as many years with the man as I could manage.
“John, it’s okay—“
And that had only been the first part. Because then Moriarty had said “snipers” and meant “
I debated whether to include this section, because it is terribly self-indulgent. But heck, I’m writing this for my own enjoyment, and you can always skip the section if you’re uninterested, so I’m doing it.
It was a truncated and cryptic message from a man who had just proved himself capable of deception on a baffling scale. But, god help him, Stamford believed it.
“For shouting at you. You’re an arsehole, obviously, but I know you didn’t mean any harm. I just—” John shifts behind him; Sherlock hears John's free hand rubbing sheepishly across the back of his neck, “I thought it would be simpler if you didn’t know about … about what I said. So when I realized you must have heard, I kind of panicked. But it’s okay. I trust you.”
John finds he hasn’t the strength to do anything but jump to the core of it, skipping over the shouting and the fury that must come later to that which will always win out in the end when Sherlock is on the line: “tell me what’s wrong.”
“You could get a flatshare or something.”
the right response.
John is seething with fury. He's never especially liked Mycroft, but he had thought Mycroft was on his brother's side. He had never thought—never imagined . . . and then Mycroft had the audacity to bloody
) “The Immortal Detective? Sherlock Holmes Survives a Bullet Wound to the Chest!” (
The afternoon after Moriarty invaded every screen in the country, Sherlock charged into the lab. He was met with startled cries and the lab cleared quickly, without the familiar grumbling. Eyes were downcast, glances in the detective’s direction were furtive. Afraid.
“What?”
It is in that moment, standing in the middle of the road, furious (
2. John did nothing to protect or remove Mrs. Hudson from the danger.
Sometimes they start tearing at my tongue and my subcutaneous skin at the oddest times: when you’re sulking like a five-year-old and petulantly tug your dressing gown tighter across your chest, or when a case has you really and truly stumped and you’re staring at the evidence with your head cocked just slightly and the faintest pout on your lips. And I pretend not to notice while I declare,
Stamford did not leave.
If he’d tried to boast of his success he would probably have received dismissive laughs at worst and condescendingly indulgent smiles at best. After all, his listeners would remind him, everyone and their sister knew John Watson was head-over-heals in love with Sherlock Holmes the moment they read his first blog post, and it didn’t take long for anyone fortunate enough to see them together to conclude that the infatuation was mutual. But if Stamford had opened himself to such dismissal by pronouncing his success—he didn’t—he would have stuck to his tale. This is partly due to the salient fact that while it is one thing to perceive an electric attraction between companions, it is quite another to predict it between strangers. What would be harder to convey is how utterly different—how seemingly unfit for any manner of relationship—the two men had been mere hours before they met. Most people, seeing John as he was that day, would have sought to steer him in the precise opposite direction of the mercurial consulting detective.
Sherlock was drunk.
“No, it’s all good,” Sherlock said, finishing up and turning off the water. He toweled off and wrapped it around his waist, taking a deep breath.
“Err— pretty good, I guess. Same old. School, rugby. Nothing new, really. You?”
Sherlock shrugged, uninterested in answering the question. “Anyway, the exam papers were recovered after I became inebriated–another long story–and were surrendered to the proper authorities. Case closed.”
“Sherlock? Sherlock, I’m taking you home, okay?”
“What about now? You’re not busy now, right?”
Sherlock started running. His legs, so often made fun of by his so-called peers, felt almost invincible as he raced to the dormitories.
“Yeah. Guess we are.” Sherlock looked down. “Listen, not to be rude or anything but I need to find my phone and-”
Anthea glanced at her watch and said, "No, not really. It's still pretty early. Just come back before five."
For a second, he got caught up in the sensation of lips on his skin and his hand came up to cradle her head while she continued nuzzling his neck. He was just realizing where he was and who he was with (
“We heard John Watson was here and we’ve come to pay our respects!”
The night Sherlock had was fitful and restless. His erratic bouts of unconsciousness were filled with strong hands and blue eyes and smiles that made his cold heart ache. He awoke with fits and starts, willing himself to forget. Surprisingly, this
“But what if? What if our friendship doesn’t survive it?”
“Oh,” Sherlock felt a pang of guilt that he immediately squelched as Mycroft’s voice reverberated in his head. “Thanks for the help.”
John shook his head from his deemed insane thoughts and checked for nearby breakfast places that delivered and placed an order for fried chicken and waffles, then decided to just get the same for Sherlock. Drumming his fingers on his desk, he looked around his room and made an attempt to clean up. He had already unpacked most of his things so it was relatively neat. His battered laptop sat on his desk by the door and across from it, his bed with freshly laundered sheets. His tiny closet was slightly open so he crossed the room to close it. Using his feet, he pushed some of his shoes towards the front of the closet to make it seem less cluttered.
• But more on that later.
Stillness.
Sherlock’s brain really oughtn’t to be seizing up like this. It’s not as if he’s unused to being shouted at. But John’s Captain posture is slipping, and something is leaking through the anger—desperation?
ask, and I
Oh, bloody hell, what was he on about? He was Mike Stamford, and Mike Stamford was the sort of person who allowed things to happen, not the sort who made them happen. Perhaps Sherlock did need to fall in love; but that was none of his business.
“No.” John is standing over Sherlock now, fists clenched and eyes unyielding. “You are not doing this.
So, more personal feelings aside, it is natural that I watched eagerly for anything that might aid me in deducing his inclinations, and wondered with a fervor edging ever nearer to obsession how he might respond if by an ill chance he discovered my own preferences. His outward knee-jerk alignment with the norm boded ill for me; but I reasoned that his deeper loyalty to a justice not dictated by the winds of social preference just
I confess I was … inattentive when I first met John Watson. In my defense, I genuinely believed that I had made a discovery which would revolutionize police work, and so I had—it made a real difference once the blockheads at Scotland Yard finally paid it proper attention. Besides, my Watson can only manage one role, but in portraying that character he has proved is a consummate actor—not least because he’s half convinced himself of the act. By all appearances he is a dime-a-dozen hearty British gentleman, complete with good old-fashioned English values. The fact that he is a rebel who only needs a proper goal before he abandons all the conventions of his performative conservatism is a secret so well kept that some who have known him all his life have no inkling of it. So really, I couldn’t be expected to—
He knows he is occasionally helpful with his questions or his skills as a doctor or his excellent aim; but surely there are hundreds of others who could fill that same role, and maybe they’d have a intelligent thing to say once in a bloody blue moon, to boot. And some part of him knows it is silly, that the worth of one’s work is not mediated upon whether anyone else could accomplish it. But Sherlock is irreplaceable, utterly unique, and if John not does not and could never have Sherlock’s love, their lips and their bodies pressed together and exchanging energy, he at least longs to be more to Sherlock than a replaceable accessory.
“Trust me for what?”
Looking back, he supposes that was the moment that made it all possible: the moment that established, if not exactly a friendship, than a mutually content tolerance between Mike Stamford and the detective Sherlock Holmes. Stamford didn’t run when Sherlock entered the lab, and Sherlock ignored his existence. Particularly discouraging days were often improved by Sherlock's delight over the success of an experiment, and occasional bouts of loneliness were assuaged by the man’s quiet mutterings and habit of exploding into the room with a bag of severed thumbs and morbid glee.
But when Stamford entered the lab the next morning, there was a note on his desk:
The point is, this may not be what Sherlock was hoping for, but it’s a miracle it hasn’t gone worse, given that he was running on half a brain at best, the remainder of it having been usurped by
Still, this acceptance became rather easier upon the discovery that his brand of pleasant-steady-inoffensive occasionally lends itself to flashes of real inspiration. Stamford isn't the sort to boast, but on low days when he feels intolerably mundane he remembers those moments and smiles, and is content. And now, as he watches incredulous joy transfigure the grief-etched lines of the world’s only consulting detective while the rough-faced army doctor tenderly slides a ring onto his finger, Stamford decides that this right here will go down as his magnum opus: the ultimate testament to boring men the world over.
4. Mrs. Hudson is dying, and it is entirely John’s fault.
It was one year and ten months before he saw the doctor again. He texted a few times but received no response. He wondered sometimes if he should do more, but he hardly knew what that would be. He’d never been good at shoving himself in where he wasn’t wanted, even if he might have been needed.
John and Sherlock would be a cacophonous pair, but with a heap of luck and the one gargantuan moment of courage it would require for one of them to actually bloody communicate, they just might be transcendent.
) is repeating endlessly. And Sherlock has insulted him in a thousand ways that would sound far more severe to an outsider, but this is worse than anything because it feels true. Not always, not every day; but there are moments when Sherlock has rattled off a series of deductions that are impossible yet exactly right and he turns and starts running without bothering to explain, coat swirling and muscles straining with lithe energy, and John wonders,
“Evening.”
• Partial credit for everything I say goes to those who participated at any time in the Howard Holmes watchalongs—my thoughts on the series have become irrevocably mixed with theirs. I will of course try to give credit for any thoughts that aren’t mine, but I’m afraid it’s been a while and my memory isn’t fantastic. If you see me stealing someone else’s idea, do please let me know!
… Still, I felt I would be a great deal more secure if he were simply one of my own sort.
Now that things have worked themselves out so splendidly, I am beginning to find it amusing that I didn’t understand my own nature sooner. Of course it's all deucedly embarrassing, but one may as well laugh when one can. Why, I hadn’t passed a week in 221B before I was storming out of the house to defend Holmes's honor like some overzealous knight-errant. It is for the best that Lestrade is a decent bloke and readily agreed that the newspapers should be made to give Holmes the credit he deserves. I cannot say whether it is he or I who would have been in trouble otherwise, but one of us certainly would have been. Probably both of us, if I’m honest. I wonder what Holmes would have done if I had gotten myself in real trouble so early on? But that’s a silly question; he would have gotten me out of it because he is a good man and I was in a bind on his account. What I really want to know is what he would have
• 23:57: “Only a man could have struck that blow” …………… *sigh*
John breathes heavily, because what fucking kind of trust allowed for that stunt?
Other times it makes perfect sense, like when someone innocent gets hurt on a case and you think it’s your fault because you weren’t fast enough, and some irrelevant police officer without a fucking brain thinks you don’t care and whispers “freak” just loud enough for you to hear. You pretend not to care, but I am watching, and I see the spasm on your face when you turn away, and I want to shout,
As the title suggests, the closest canon analogue for this episode is
Stamford’s colleagues, convinced that Sherlock had no capacity for emotion, or at least had a thoroughgoing lack of empathy, would have been incredulous if Stamford had attempted to communicate these moments. But if there is one conviction on which Stamford would stake his honor (were he prone to dramatics), it would be this: everyone has masks. And those who seem most transparent are often those who have put the most desperate effort into keeping it intact.
Sherlock stills, hardly knowing whether he is calm or numb, (
• It’s gay.
As the name suggests, the closest canon analogue for this episode is The Case of the Beryl Cornet. As far as I can tell the similarities are pretty superficial, basically just consisting of the fact that both mysteries feature a suspect taking the fall for a crime they didn’t commit for the sake of a loved one. I didn’t notice anything particularly interesting in the episode’s use of the canon story, so I am going to set that aside and focus on Watson.
If I later became less sanguine in the face of danger, it was by no means due to a reduction of my confidence in Watson, which only deepened with time. Rather it came from a growing awareness of the potentially devastating effects of ill-luck, and of my own—
for it, as if he could make up for selling his brother's life story to a maniac with a fucking
of John’s footfalls.
John Watson.
“Mary?”
Stamford distrusted his conclusions, but he disliked her all the same.
“You … You said you love me”
them.”
You see, previously Holmes had not shown the slightest romantic interest in woman. I found it a relief, honestly—I can admire a pretty face, but my interest never seemed to equal that of other men, and I confess that at times I grew weary of women's physical attractions as a constant topic among male acquaintance. At the time I had not dismissed the theoretical possibility of marrying a woman at some point in the future; but why we should all jabber on about it in the absence of any definite prospects was something I never could understand. Feeling no need to bother with the pretense around Holmes was therefore something of a release.
John stares after Sherlock’s retreating figure, anxious, angry.
I say it sometimes, when it's clotting my throat, pulsing my limbs, clouding my deductions, desperate to escape. I say it, but quitely—too quiet for you to hear.
Not that John had planned that particular declaration. That had been, er—unexpected. And monumentally stupid. Because the whole problem here is that Sherlock is terrified of emotions, of caring and being cared for, and if he was already running before, just how fast would he sprint away now?
Stamford nodded and moved into the kitchen, where he filled two glasses with tapwater. Returning to the living room he handed one to John, forcing him to release a tightly clenched fist. John nodded, took a sip. With a distinct sense of deja vu, Stamford sat beside him.
“Who’d want me for a flatmate?”
“Oh, do shut up John. I want to kiss you; I’m asking whether you want me to.”
Relief—puzzling. This one has been nagging at him. Not because it is unpleasant, but because it is nonsensical, and he can’t properly file it without understanding it. He knows the relief was prompted by the revelation that when Moriarty spoke of burning Sherlock’s heart, he meant Sherlock’s work, not John. But why did he assume Moriary meant John in the first place? After all, his work
Okay, he knows exactly what he had been thinking, or feeling, or whatever the heck had been driving him. It was some vague idea that maybe John hadn’t been the only one lashing out from insecurity, that maybe if Sherlock just knew how much he meant to his friends he wouldn't’ keep running . . .
Scrambling to his feet, hands raised in placation, Sherlock says, “It’s okay, John, it’s me, don’t be afraid.”
Then John updated his blog, and Stamford stopped worrying.
Each chapter title corresponds to the episode to which the chapter's events refer, and as a result there may not be a clear correlation between the title and the contents of the chapter.
“I’m sorry Watson, I don’t know what to do and I shouldn’t have brought you here.”
The door opens—
But that’s bullshit; he knows it is. He is not replaceable, because he is Sherlock’s friend. And Sherlock, whatever he might say in a fit of anxiety, cares about him. He is sure of it, certain of it—almost. Because underneath the self-doubt, there is a worse fear; a fear which has been constantly put to rest only to reawaken countless times since the first day he met Sherlock Holmes: the fear that the detective’s sociopathic self-diagnosis is essentially correct, and that Sherlock doesn’t care about John because he doesn’t care about anyone.
“Very well, then. Can I kiss you, John?”
. Frankly, I don’t even recall the ballerina being shy, and Holmes may have been correct in calling that particular title nonsensical. It was, however, the first case we tackled together in which the perpetrator was a women, and thus it was the first time my companion’s considerable powers were trained on a female—
For Mike Stamford the professional consequence of this effect is mild difficulty maintaining order in the classroom, and the interpersonal consequence is that individuals regularly depart from his company feeling rather more free and relaxed than when they entered it. Most conclude that their mug of beer must have been particularly well-brewed, or that the chicken was unusually well-cooked. But the perceptive few recognize the real source of release, and as a consequence Stamford is rarely without a few friends whose warmth of attachment puzzles the imperceptive masses.
I don’t recall a great deal about the case I called
• This series.
And there is Sherlock Holmes, looking bloodied and battered but standing without discernible effort. And John wants to scream and to strike him because
On some rational level John understands what sort of corners Mycroft might have been backed into. And, by god, John would have been furious in any case, but it wouldn't have been so bad if it wasn't for the memory of that empty leather chair three weeks ago and the way it had threatened to wrap every unbearable loss in a single event. Sherlock had disappeared during a dangerous mission two days before and John had searched without pause for 48 hours until Lestrade told him that there was nothing to be done for the time being and the best thing he could do for Sherlock was get a good night's sleep. And John knew he was right, yet all he could do for hours was sit in his own chair and wonder whether he’d ever have another calm sleep if the chair across from him was never filled again.
Normally Stamford would have guiltily provided John with the space he so clearly wanted and so clearly didn’t need, but today he was struggling even for proper sympathy with his old friend’s condition. He was too busy with the anxious, hopeful assessment running underneath his attempts to steer the conversation towards flatshares.
That’s when the rugby captain walked by.
“Point is, every officer at the yard has wanted to smash these idiots’ faces together for ages.” Laughter ripples through the audience. “But for all our well-wishes, I don’t think we really understood. We knew they were addicted to one another, but we didn’t know they needed each other—not at first. And even when we knew that, we still doubted that they could survive each other,” more chuckles. “We were too dense—yes, Sherlock, that is the only time I’m conceding the point, don’t get used to it—to understand that an angry doctor and a mad detective could just, fit. And later, we thought it was too late. We didn’t understand that they’re the sort of men who will be loyal to and beyond death itself. In short, there were many who loved them, but I don’t think there was a man in the world who
I confess that when it comes to Holmes stories I tend to neglect the cases in favor of examining character and relationship dynamics. Certainly I didn’t think I had anything interesting to say about the case in this episode apart from the ways it continues to reveal aspects of this Holmes and Watson’s relationship. But as I watched it again, I realized that I had nearly missed out on one of the best parts of the episode. For although this case is not in itself especially compelling, its framing contextualizes Holmes and Watson as not merely crime-solvers, but as defenders of the innocent and the unheard.
Don’t misunderstand, it isn’t all an act—I believe there is a great deal of use in many of our English customs, including: politeness (when employed without discrimination), respecting privacy, and reserving teapots solely for the brewing of tea,
He hadn’t meant it. Or maybe had, he doesn’t know. He just knows he’s sodding terrified, because if Sherlock Holmes doesn’t care about Martha Hudson, he doesn’t care about anybody. Certainly not about John. And if Sherlock doesn’t care about John, what’s to keep him from up and leaving one day when he feels like it, because he’s bored or because it’s
but only in my mind, never aloud.
Stamford didn’t like Mary. He went out for coffee with her and John a month or so before Sherlock came back to life. John seemed … better? This was the closest Stamford had seen him to the persona of his rugby days: his manner was tighter, more clipped than it had been then, but he had reclaimed the laid-back ‘all’s-well’ demeanor that was so very convincing and so very fake. Stamford hated seeing it again, but it was better than that day in the bar or the reunion in Regents Park. Wasn’t it?
“Nope.” John draws out the ’n’ and pops the ‘p’ in the way he only does when he’s really angry. Sherlock loves when John does that. “I’ve seen you—”
And that’s when it happens—that’s when John speaks. That’s when he says the words Sherlock has longed to say, has spoken so many times too quietly, always.
And indeed, the tone of the room does shift the moment they enter. Whereas the previous occupants seemed primarily interested in flinging accusations at the woman, Holmes’s first move is to examine the scene for evidence. Intentionally or not, in doing so he draws attention away from the now sobbing woman, allowing her a moment to compose herself.
“Sorry?”
He hates this.
1. Mycroft warned John about the snipers.
. And so with a sudden impulse of duplicity that was almost viscerally unnatural, Stamford announced that he’d left his phone in his coat, feeling his eyes cast down guiltily as he spoke. Oh, but the attempt paid off magnificently, for after a beat John Watson—the man who for the past half-hour couldn’t sacrifice his privacy far enough to look Stamford in the eye—was actually offering the mad detective his phone.
John goes limp, but he doesn’t calm—no, he looks frightened; before he looked brave and prepared but now he looks terrified—why now?
, I suspect, provides especially good material for such an interpretation).
At this point, the narration shifts from first to third person. I'm not sure whether that works or is too jarring-I'd love to hear your thoughts on the shift in the comments!
My speculations on that score were inconclusive, but encouraging. The fact was that Watson did not seem especially preoccupied with women. We had encountered a fair share of attractive ladies during the month or so he had been living with me, and seldom if ever had I seen him address them with anything besides gentlemanly respect or easy friendliness. I had seven alternate theories for why this might be the case, but in spite of myself I was growing increasingly hopeful that the true explanation might be the one I desired.
Slowly, John steps back until he is facing Sherlock again. “What don’t I understand, Sherlock?” He is rigid, gentle, not angry.
And then they were off, Sherlock using his deductions to impress rather than attack, and John stiffly on guard but intensely engaged; and Stamford was sufficiently caught up in it all to be quite intentional about selecting the
But that's no good; he needs John distant, needs him to be the one to leave. It will be easier on John that way. Sherlock shouldn't have called him back in the first place really, but he had to figure out that key code and it was easier with John around and besides . . . well.
“John—“
“I—you said I was making Baker Street unlivable—“
“This?”
In one sense, Stamford was quite right. The man is strange. He is also intriguing, infuriating, compelling. He does the oddest things, things which by their nature invite query, and yet by all appearances he does not expect to be questioned. It all makes sense in his mind, and apparently he expects that to be sufficient cause for everyone else to take it in stride. That isn’t to say he doesn’t love sharing his discoveries; he’ll regale you to death with the results of his experiments with obscure Egyptian poisons. But if you ask why the deuce he put the stuff
PS. Got something of yours you might want back.
Stamford froze for approximately three seconds—it had been a month and those were the first words the detective had spoken to him. Then, with a more hard-won unflappability than usual, he turned towards the detective and answered, “You could always get a flatmate.”
“Yes, a bungalow Sherlock, because unlike you I’m not a genius and I can’t manage a palace, but it’s a very
Perhaps the best part of this reading is that, if Lestrade leads Watson into performative normality, it is Holmes who releases him. Once Holmes is included in the investigation, a gradual shift occurs. At first Watson maintains his alliance with Lestrade, but for all that Lestrade has the advantage of social pressures pushing Watson towards him, this cannot last long once Holmes has re-entered the picture. By the time they are interviewing the primary suspect, he has returned to his usual intelligent and capable self.
• 25:36–25:53: I have mixed feelings about Holmes’s response to Watson’s outburst, which is to wonder whether Watson may have suffered a head injury while abroad. The observation always struck me as a bit mean-spirited, but I still enjoy it’s implications for two reasons: first, this adaptation refuses to cast Watson as the straight-man, the mad detective’s ‘normal’ associate. In case the audience hadn’t picked up on that when Watson broke into a house with a man he met the day before, Holmes’s musing make this quite clear. Secondly, I am intrigued by the fact that this is the action which leads Holmes to question his partner’s sanity—it doesn’t seem to occur to Holmes that Watson’s behavior might be easily explained by the fact that Watson cares about him.
(See the end of the chapter for
As a result of this framing, Holmes and Watson are not primarily up against the supposed stupidity of the police-force. The real obstacles are class prejudice, laziness, pride, and a base pleasure in wielding power over the weak. During this case what is needed is not only or even primarily their intelligence, but rather their fair-mindedness and their empathy.
Stamford is quite aware that this is how he is perceived, and in rare moments of self-pity he sighs over how dull it sounds. Not that he’s ever attempted to do anything about it; for in truth those acquaintances are largely correct, and although he’s had his daydreams Stamford never could muster the passion to attempt a transformation. In consequence, he stumbled early upon the typically hard-won conclusion that it is far better—not to mention far less effort—to recognize the advantages of one’s disposition than to lament its shortcomings.
For the record, it was six months before he again made any similar comment, and if I later found myself adjusting my own behavior, it was for other reasons entirely.
but Sherlock is so very alive and John feels his face screw tight in an ineffectual attempt to hold back tears.
He knew what was wanted. John Watson sitting in his space, unmasked and silent, was a long unseen but achingly familiar image. Unfortunately for Stamford’s unobtrusive good sense, these two seem to have done a number on his impulse control.
God help me, I was halfway caught before I ever laid eyes on Sherlock Holmes.
“Mad as march hares, that’s what you two are.”
“I didn’t mean that Sherlock, I wasn’t that angry, just too many pent up emotions; I didn’t mean to take them out on you—”
About four months in, after John wrote about that insane Moriarty adventure, something shifted. Sherlock came more often to the lab, but his focus seemed scattered, his anger at failed tests more frequent then they had been since Stamford guided John through that lab door. It made Stamford anxious at first—perhaps John hadn’t taken kindly to being strapped to a bomb? But the ability of the occasional text to calm Sherlock’s moods and make his face soften with a tenderness that would have shocked anyone else at Barts soon assured him that John’s reaction to the incident was not the root of the issue.
Mourning—less expected. No point in mourning his own death; can’t be that. Must be that if he survives he will be leaving the city he knows, with the comfort of the streets and the shops and the . . . the people he can navigate without pause, without anxiety. This emotion is harder to keep put; but he places as much as he can manage next to files containing his confidence in his skill set and his ability to learn a location quickly, and after a minute decides he’s filed enough to get on with.
Holmes had been an idiot, as usual, and gotten us into entirely unnecessary danger. I never will understand why he insists on our facing criminals ourselves when it would be perfectly easy to call for the police. But so he does, and thus I found myself in the already disturbingly familiar position of having to get a gun out of his face. But when I’d disarmed the (fortunately imbecilic) criminal and chided Holmes for getting us into the scrape, he said it: “my dear fellow, I have sublime confidence in your ability to extricate us from any predicament in which my rashness may place us.”
He did not attend the wedding.
beyond solving the damned puzzle, John decides he needs to pull out. It’s not as if he’s doing any good by talking.
John chokes out a laugh. Sherlock can feel him trembling beneath his gentle grasp, but he seems to be calming. “You really didn’t know, then? I always wondered …”
Sherlock turned away, but not before his eyes fell shut and tight lines tracked his face. “No, he doesn’t.”
Ah well, at any rate, I wasn’t properly in love with Holmes yet. But I was barreling along at a rate which would have been most alarming, were I not unaware of the part of my nature which would allow me to love him in that way. To my mind he was a man, and therefore whatever I felt for him must be interest, friendship, even fascination, and later brotherly affection—anything but love.
“Funny, that.” Breath. Careful.
You’ve blown something up in the kitchen again—you’re trying to explain, but I don’t care—and I’m shouting at you. I try not to but something burst, and I’m telling you that “you have to pull it together or we’ll need to institute regulations as if you were a fucking child and bloody hell Sherlock if you keep this up you’re going to make this flat unlivable and”—I see your face crumple, you look hurt and almost scared (but why would you look scared? Christ, Sherlock, you don’t think that I—I know that it happened once, but there were the drugs, and—shit, fuck it, fuck this, fuck me). I want to take it back and explain, but I can’t because what I really mean is
still running beneath.
The first time—when John returned from Moriarty’s trial and Sherlock’s eyes shifted away and John
I used to say them to a woman; and a some years before that to a man. They didn’t come easily then, either—I’ve always been shite at these things—but they came. They weren’t so bloody impossible as they are now.
Shame—why? He steps curiously towards it, and catches his breath. No good. He hates unfinished business, but this will have to wait. Whatever it is, it’s too much to sort through in a moment. Best just lock the door for now.
https://archiveofourown.org/works/12795147/chapters/29238576#workskin
That being said, here is how the story begins:
” and “Mrs. Hudson” and “Lestrade,” and then a good three fourths of his mind was out of commission save for
“Because I love you, Sherlock Holmes.”
“Boring. Please do not waste your time citing meaningless examples. Displaying sentiment is occasionally useful. Colleagues, acquaintances, ‘friends’ are convenient. How many times must I tell you—”
Yes, there was pain to come, but there was little premonition of it then. There was just two madmen who had fallen into one another’s lives and fit together without preamble. It was the eccentric detective dancing merrily for the endlessly surprising doctor who applauded and challenged and joined the dance with pre-emptive skill. It was Watson skillfully extracting us from every scrape into which I dragged us both. It was the quick pressure of his hand on mine as he caught sight of the culprit for whom we lay in wait, stretched out on the grass; a touch I valued for its very extraneousness without wondering why I cared.
• Except.
But interrupting John now would be more than futile.
thinking?
He told himself that he was being arrogant and ridiculous. He is no savant of human nature, and Mary was consistently entertaining and nice to the barista and sent out none of those warning signs one is alert for in the partners of one’s friends. He’d been delighted when John was infatuated with bloody madman Sherlock Holmes, for god’s sake, and now he’s taking issue with this sane and inoffensive woman? Nonsense.
) and he types out his message:
Oddly intermingled with the lancing panic that John somehow (
Moriarty is telling a story, has promised a tragedy, and he won’t conclude it inelegantly, not with a sniper in the dark. No, murder would mean investigation, discovery of innocence. His death needs to confirm his guilt: suicide, then, proof of his shame and despair. It’s poetic. Elegant. Moriarty destroys Sherlock's work—his heart; that’s what he must have meant by burning Sherlock’s heart—and Sherlock himself seals that destruction with his dying breath.
is pounding in his ears so loudly that he entirely fails to register the
“I know someone who wants you.”
) and he is saying, “You’re wrong, you know. You do count. You’ve always counted and I've always trusted you.”
) then slips out, leaving the door cracked open for John. He freezes, suddenly unwilling to release his final moments of hope, then steps inside.
After an hour of fitful endeavor, Sherlock sank into a chair and went absolutely still. For ten minutes Stamford continued his work, outwardly steady but inwardly debating. Finally he drew in a deep breath, pulled a chair alongside Sherlock’s, and sat next to him. The man sagged visibly.
John grips his hair with both hands and yanks, hard, vaguely aware that he is fighting off panic. Because Mrs. Hudson is dying, alone, and he has to go to her this instant, but four steps away his best friend is hiding an intense grief as some fucking terrifying coping mechanism, and instead of offering comfort John has just insulted him in the worst way he knew how.
In case it wasn't clear, this chapter switches to John's POV
Stamford did his best to ignore it all. There was nothing he could do, and he’d had quite enough emotional upset over a near stranger and a man he’d hardly spoken to since Uni. But one of the rare downsides of a boring life is that it provides little distraction from the crowning object of workplace gossip.
The men’s first encounter was an unparalleled wonder. Stamford couldn’t initially bring himself to turn to Sherlock, anxiety and a habit of acting as if the other didn’t exist overbearing the desire to see his first impression; but Sherlock hadn’t eviscerated John on the sight, which was something. Then Sherlock asked Stamford if he could borrow his phone, but he was not supposed to be talking to
John hadn’t spoken under any illusions that his affections might be returned in kind. But neither, in the heat of the moment, had he been prepared for Sherlock to look so much like a lost child.
Yes, I’d known I was mad since I was a young boy. I was too attracted to danger, too quickly bored by the amusements men of my station found so engaging, and not nearly interested enough in settling down with a wife. And so when Lestrade warned that if I didn’t stay away from Holmes I would soon be as mad as he, I could have informed him that it was rather too late to be worrying over my sanity. But I did not.
(why do I always insult you in the same breath that I declare my love? I suppose it’s because if I don’t call you moron or idiot I’ll call you beautiful or precious or mine).
“He said the same thing about you this morning.”
on endless repeat. Not that his enormous, useless brain had made any progress processing the words; all it has accomplished so far was to repeat them with every imaginable cadence, speed, rhythm, volume, tone, emphasis, as if they might suddenly make sense if only he can say them the right way, crack the code.
If it was true (
The other object of his panic is no less all-consuming, although it does not prompt any racing thoughts because the variables and their consequences are dead simple:
(See the end of the chapter for
• For financial reasons, with the exception of The Red Headed League this show does not directly adapt any of the canon stories.
If you ask one of Mike Stamford’s acquaintances what they think of him, their first reaction will be poorly-veiled surprise that he had sufficiently lodged in your mind to prompt the question. Then they will hem and haw and stall for time—clearly this isn’t a topic to which they have devoted much thought—before declaring him to be a pleasant, steady, unobtrusive man; the sort who earned his credentials through plodding consistency unaided by outstanding qualities.
I hardly know whether I feel guilty or nostalgic for that time. The fact is that I often put us in a tight spot when I might have summoned the police instead, simply because after so many years of working alone I delighted in the phenomena of just the two of us facing all comers. I wanted to put on a properly staged performance for Watson as I unveiled the solution, and I was (and am) perhaps overly fond of watching his competence in facing any difficulty. That isn’t to say I was exactly comfortable when guns came into play, but I quickly realized that with a flow of deductions I could keep the criminal’s attention and weapon trained on myself, giving Watson the space to employ a strategy and disarm them. Even on Watson’s off days, such as that time he took to believing in corporeal ghosts, any lingering anxiety caused by the volatility of firearms was far outweighed by the blithe and intoxicating certainty that my Watson would get us out of it somehow. And he did. He always has.
Because now he heard John’s footstep ascending towards the room, Sherlock hadn’t noticed the sounds of him entering the flat, and it was too late to escape—
So, all things considered, Watson is very little like Lestrade, but Lestrade is very much like the sort of man Watson has been socially conditioned to aspire to.
Not that he’s expecting to sleep. The word (
But then John drums his fingers thoughtfully on the table and everything clicks and
“What? Can I help?”
If you would prefer to read this meta on tumblr with pictures, you can do so here: https://brilliantorinsane.tumblr.com/
And it's too much.
For his part, when attention returns to the woman Watson quickly relinquishes his position of power, lowering himself to his knees and offering her comfort. It is true that he stands again when Holmes reveals that she married her fiancee in secret and thus will gain financially from his death, and the woman’s despairing glance at Watson as she finds herself overhung now by four men is a little heartbreaking. But it is worth noting that in the wake of the revelation of her low class-status, former jail-time, and secret marriage, he finds no satisfaction or even complacency in her apparent guilt, insisting despite Lestrade’s assertion that one get’s used to these sorts of things: “I still think it’s a tragedy.”
And Sherlock steps yet closer, eyes searching John’s, desperate, pleading, and little baffled: “You.”
An instant later, Sherlock had turned and fled. Long months passed before he returned.
ask, because before I even met my companion I was determined that Stamford would be wrong about one thing: “Another strange thing about this Holmes,” he’d said, “… somehow one never thinks to question him.” Well, I decided right then, I will be the sort of man who questions him anyway, the sort of man who solves this enigma of an individual by sheer persistence, if nothing else.
“A . . . a mind bungalow?”
“I know, well I do now, but I was afraid I’d push things too far and one day you really would leave—”
The thing is, on the surface Holmes and Watson fall into a pattern immediately and the growth of their relationship—romantic or otherwise—is seldom an overt theme. But as I watched I found myself imagining that I was seeing alterations in their relationship, signaled by major events and upheld by the behavior in following episodes. Now, although I would argue that Holmes and Watson’s relationship is intentionally romantic in the series (a point I’ll attempt to defend as the evidence amasses), I have no clue whether any part the story I imagined myself to be seeing was intentional. As a result it feels out of place in the main analyses of the episodes. It is, however, built entirely on the actual events of the show and I am very fond of it. So for whomever is interested, this section will be less about concrete analysis than about relating my own half-observed and half-created narrative.
Of course, that didn’t mean the bomb had nothing to do with it.
Stamford waited for him to run.
He waited until the second day before texting.
So, after his hidden and essential contributions to the epic which is finally receiving its seal, Stamford is finally sitting next to John and enjoying Lestrade's speech without needing to dread his own. Greg has done excellently, of course, electing laughs and sniffles from the audience, blushes and grateful smiles from the grooms. And now, just when his ramblings begin to push the boundaries of ‘too long,’ he is drawing to a close.
That is what really worried him.
). The pieces slot into place, clean, perfect, all the facts accounted for.
(See the end of the chapter for
But Stamford is a practical man, and in a moment he was considering the best way forward. How was one supposed to respond to the resurrection of a casual acquaintance for whom one has somewhat more affection than the number of words exchanged appears to merit? Then Sherlock had glanced in his direction, flinching visibly and looking quickly away when he met Stamford’s eyes. That’s what had decided him. Sherlock no doubt had and would face an overflow of dramatic scenes in the wake of his return, and while the man may deserve it, Stamford had no desire to be the arbitrator of a justice that the world would so unstintingly provide.
John exhaled, sat straight, reclaimed the mask. “No, he doesn’t.”
It’s a deuced bother when good memories get mixed up with ones you’d rather forget. I would be delighted to never again think about the time I took to believing in tangible ghosts, only Holmes
Sherlock’s eyes snapped from his vials to Stamford, scanning for evidence that the comment had been a disguised insult. But then his mouth quirked into that hinted smile that was little more than a softening of his features, then he spun back to his work with a dismissive wave of his hand. “Well, if you find anyone
the man prioritize his fucking emotionless mask over Mrs. Hudson’s dying comfort? Yes, Sherlock was asking for it, and if that was the reason John had stormed out on him he might (almost) run off with a clear conscience. If he hadn’t used that word, at least. But that wasn’t the reason John had done it, and he knows it clear as anything. He hadn’t shouted at Sherlock because Sherlock is a dick, or even because John fears he doesn’t care about anything. Sure, those were the aggravating circumstances, but the core of it, plain and simple, is that John is terrified Sherlock doesn’t care about him.
Apologies for the long delay between chapters—I had exams these past two weeks. But I will have far too much free time during the next six weeks, so from now on I expect to be updating at a steady pace!
