His mind. Of course. That love above all loves.
“Oh, I don’t know about that,” she stammers, tugging at the collar of her lab coat. “Nothing special, really.”
John picks up his pen and is absorbed in his paperwork when the knock comes. Four punctuating raps. Sharp knuckles. He stands up and takes great pains to move slowly. At long last he opens the door and smiles pleasantly.
She leaves a little girl behind. It’s not elaborate, but there’s blood between her legs, and her nails are broken. She fought. John closes his eyes and breathes through his nose for a long moment. He doesn’t look at the girl in the corner. He doesn’t look at Sherlock. He walks onto the balcony while they finish gathering evidence. Sherlock finds him there afterwards, staring out over the ashy lawn.
is rather than a single night that will be cut short by the curfew. A lifetime to act. Time. John eats slowly.
Sherlock glances down and their eyes meet.
—because he needs it, he realizes then. Admitting it comes with the same bitter sharp relief of tears pricking at the corner of your eyes. He needs it.
Were it not for the gauntness in her cheeks and the translucent smile that she gave him when he awarded her a lollipop, he would not have run a single test. He only wanted an excuse to put her up in the pediatric ward, to feed her, to keep her from being shot or tripping over a mine on the streets. The slightest irregularity in white count or blood pressure would have sufficed. But his head swims at the lab results. Beneath her papery skin rages chaos.
“You’re too generous.”
,” says Molly.
“Sorry, sorry; I’m sorry, sorry, sorry…”
“You must hate living in that flat. And it could—you know, well.” A baby blue flush of hesitation. “It could be good for you.”
“Goodnight, Sherlock,” says the man eventually. There is a curious scratch in his voice. “I’ll be back tomorrow.”
The report comes in at half past seven, and there is chaos with nothing more than one matching symptom. He wishes they would hush. Excitement will accomplish nothing. Besides, the little flutes of glass are delicate things. He balances them carefully between his fingertips and measures drops from a pipette. He would prefer silence and still air. With so much noise it seems the test tubes might shatter at the slightest provocation. The idea is irrational but unsettling nevertheless. The lab is ruptured by clattering footsteps and crackling white coats. He wants to scream. But he never does.
A soldier stumbles along the sidewalk. Even in the dim light – now only the fires glow from the yawning mouths of the alleyways – you can see blood seeping from where his fingers clutch at his arm. It drips dark onto the pavement. His mouth sags open but the glass of the window stops his cries. John is impossibly grateful. Death sighs in disappointment. The boy will live. John shuts his eyes as the cab rumbles to life again. When he has the strength to open his eyes again, Death is gone and Sherlock is watching him.
Sherlock does not move his hand away.
He learns that fear can be selfless. The case doesn’t matter. Reputation, the game, the victory – none of it matters anymore. John. The bomb. The labored sound of breathing. The terror and resolve in eyes which reflect the quavering glow of the swimming pool. That matters. That’s Sherlock’s entire world. A narrow reality. No room for change.
There was nothing else to do but laugh; it was the only good thing, and it had to make all the other things not quite bad enough. It had to. In that moment, looking at each other and nothing else, laughter good as liquid gold would shiver over their bodies—crouched, even as they were, in sand.
him, everything about him. Now he knows it is not impossible.
“You little shit!” He slapped Sherlock with the clean hand. The sting and the taste of the blood were overwhelming. The rain bit into his cheek.  Sherlock started to cry. The older boy sneered.
“Not my company.”
Once Mycroft goes, Sherlock stands by the window, watching the car slide away down Baker Street, shiny and black like an oil stain.
“Tell me,” demands Sherlock. And a demand it is; he looks at John as if to not comply would be the most enormous offense imaginable. “I want to know.”
It started when he was five and dreamed up his older brother.
“My brother is as you suspected.”
And so John considers the proposal carefully.
“Listen.” Mike is talking; they are moving, John realizes, moving side by side through the park. “I’ve got an idea.”
some coffee. For a genius, you’re awfully thick.”
“You have to understand, John.” It’s all he can say. “When I sleep, the world changes.”
He goes to the window and draws back the curtains. The afternoon spills into the flat. Baker Street is relatively quiet, for the most part unoccupied by troops and gunfire. A car horn cries softly in the distance. There is little other sound. John exhales. He steps forwards and runs a hand the back of one of the armchairs. Sherlock turns from the window. He looks curious. Observant. Like always. John gets the impression that he cannot help it. Thinking, that is. The light plays tricks over his face. John meets his eyes.
But neither is Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock chuckles. The ends of his scarf are impeding the path of John’s pen. It is quite vexing, but if John were to look up their eyes would meet and then there would be no escape.
“Alright.” He rubs at his temple. “In any case, there will be paperwork. All sorts of such rubbish. I’ll get to work on that right now. Don’t worry, Sherlock.” He turns. His face is hidden from view. “You’ll get her in one piece, I promise. I would hate to get in the way of…whatever. Whatever it is. Doesn’t matter.” His shoulders bend with the weight of a sigh. “You have my word.”
“Look, Sherlock. I’m a doctor, it’s what I…”
John stares at him. The silence is profound. Sherlock breathes heavily. John must believe him. He cannot bear the look in his eyes any longer. He will go insane. John exhales. He leans back in the armchair. He folds his hands together, swallows, and meets Sherlock’s eyes.
, oh for the love of—and the older boy, not even upset this time. At his core he loves a victory too much.
Sherlock clings feebly to his arms, bewildered. At some point John stops screaming, and loosens his hold, and then Sherlock’s face is cradled in his hands, and his fingers skirt his cheek, his neck, the swell of his lower lip, smooth a lock of hair from his forehead.
“Her stomach.” Swollen, pale yellow. “Fear.”
“How did you know that,” John says.
He’s there. He’s there.
Sherlock has not left his side for so much as a moment. In fact the idea has not even occurred to him. He does not want his laboratory. He does not want the test tubes and petri dishes and the glowing glass case in the back room. He does not want the reminder. He does not want Baker Street. Not without John, whose absence would immediately be noted like an open window or a freezing draft, books out of place on the shelf or the violin out of tune. He does not want that.
And so they have agreed. But he knows it is simply a matter of time. He saw the signs in the curve of her lip, the gleam of her eye. They were only speaking in code. There is no time for alarm now. Calculate first. So be it. Let her have her strategy, the medals on her breast pocket. They must make such concessions in order to understand one another. And so he leaves with the feeble excuse. But he doesn’t really believe it, not for a minute, and neither does she.
Sherlock glances at the cup of tea at John’s side, perplexed. “That’s because coffee is all I usually eat or drink,” he replies. “But why should you offer to make some? You’ve already got your tea.” He frowns. “You really shouldn’t drink so much caffeine at one sitting, John. It’s not good for the health of most people. Only people such as myself are allowed to do such things.”
“I love you,” he mumbles in Sherlock’s ear, and the air is so saturated with gold that Sherlock forgets himself and falls into the crook of his shoulder to meet with a sleep as indefinite and dreamless as a bolt of black velvet.
“Can you honestly imagine that?” he asks softly, reaching for John’s hand and turning it over gently. They have both forgotten that they are standing in the middle of a doorway in full view of the entire city. John shakes his head laughingly.
No, he thinks. No.
John looks at him sharply. “Misunderstand you? Tell me, Sherlock, what is there to misunderstand?” His voice breaks and he bites down on his lower lip. “Look, I don’t know why you’re bringing this up again. I was going to stay and make sure you were alright. Then I was going to find a new apartment and move out. We were going to forget about everything.”
John swallows thickly. “All what?”
Daylight renders Sherlock no less ethereal, and John is of half a mind to believe that he dreamt up the night before and is still lost somewhere in fog of sleep and brilliant visions of surreal men materializing from the darkness to shout at one another and drop rumors of worldwide crisis as easily as they might were they catching up over coffee. But John is awake. John is awake and Sherlock floats through the clinic like a pale-skinned shadow. The lapels of his black suit blazer seem sharp enough to draw blood. Even from a distance his eyes glitter. John watches him warily through the window of his office.
John shakes his head. “I haven’t finished yet. It’s that…it’s…this death is the most haunting that I’ve seen since I was at the front. It’s one of those consuming deaths, the kind that sinks into you and won’t let you free, not now, probably not ever…”
When Sherlock woke he was on a couch in the common room. The air reeked of beer and pot and his head spun. He blinked and saw Sally laughing with another man. Her skirt was hitched nearly to her hip. She was drunk. He staggered to his feet and tried to push the other man away. Sally screeched and spilled her drink. Her eyes were vacant. Sherlock began to understand.
John is not sure whether, by “elsewhere,” Sherlock means another room, another flat, or another universe. All this over Thai takeaway, which is to say all this over the fact that John does not want Sherlock to die of malnutrition. It’s funny—hilarious, even—but he knows better than to laugh.
“I’m sorry, John. Three years is a very long time.”
It passes. The moment passes. Sherlock’s eyes cloud again, and his body softens, and he presses his cheek into the pillow, mumbling:
And he starts to turn away, thinking about Sherlock colorless again, and himself in blue, and how blueness is better than paleness but still. Still. Himself, in blue.
Three more. Three more clustered in the lobby with wan faces and hollow cheekbones. Three more with swollen fingers and toes. Three more with skin so sensitive that they cry out at the touch of a fingertip. Three more with fear in their eyes. But this time they have papers. This time they have stories. This time it will be unimaginably worse. John stares at Sherlock with terror in his eyes. And Sherlock can do nothing but grit his teeth and wonder at the irony.
Sherlock nearly stumbles in his façade when evening falls and, wandering back towards Baker Street, they stop at a restaurant that he should know. He panics –
Oh, John is brimming over with questions.
John jots down his initials in the space provided. “I’m not lying,” he replies evenly. “What reason would I have to lie to you, anyways? You can always tell.”
“Sherlock—”
“You’re not going to stay?”
John feels breathless. “Yes. Good God, of course. Yes. It’s something.”
Sherlock replies that it’s good they’re on the same page.
“Do shut up. You know full well that it only serves you right.” He grimaced at his hand. “I really don’t have the faintest notion of what you were thinking, but goodness, I can’t wait to hear what mummy has to say when she gets a load of all this.”
“Go. Away.”
“I don’t understand the two of you,” says John.
“No, not obviously.” He gets up, unwraps the chopsticks, opens the carton, and thrusts it at Sherlock, who does not move to take it from his hand. “I get that you wish I was better at deductions, but you can’t ask me to draw a conclusion from insufficient data.”
“You—”
“Big brother Holmes.” The suggestion of a smile stains the corner of her mouth. She takes a deliberate sip of cognac. “You look well.”
He leans forwards. A distance of about three feet separates them. Sherlock does not know what he is doing. His mind races but produces nothing useful. It is as though his thought has melted away and his hands can no longer find purchase, can no longer form ideas and actions from the chaos of his consciousness. He does not know what he is doing. He is hurtling forwards, but towards what destination he does not know. He is frightened but he cannot stop. So be it.
Another nurse swoops into the room just as he finishes wiping his eyes on the edge of the sheet, bewildered. He prays she will not give him another injection. He wants to be awake; he feels fine, albeit thirsty. Always thirsty. She brings him another cup of cold water and does not try to fill his veins with morphine. He takes an instant shining to her. She is jotting down notes on a clipboard when he dares to ask for John.
Sherlock looks at him for a long time. Then, at last:
“Oh, John,” she says.
Night falls and John collapses at his desk. He props his face in his hands. Sherlock sits across from him and maintains a glassy composure so as not to cause alarm.
“If it makes you feel better,” attempts Sherlock, “the father is on a business trip. He’ll be back. She’ll be safe.”
Mike looks earnest. He does. And suddenly John hopes, with the tight scratching loneliness of wanting to preserve in someone a precious thing that we never expect to recover for ourselves, that Mike attributes the paleness that spreads over John’s neck to an apathy that has nothing to do with him, with this—with, well. All of it.
John stifles a chuckle behind his fist. He knows he shouldn’t encourage Sherlock. Lestrade seethes. Molly covers her mouth with her hands and turns to hide her face. Sherlock turns back to his test tubes without another word. They take their time, dawdling until John’s cellphone calls him back to the clinic. Sherlock follows without question. John did not expect anything else. For better or for worse they are in this together, and will not be separated.
(See the end of the chapter for
John can still hear his voice. Were he able to tear it from his ears with his fingernails he would have done so long ago. The pain would not have mattered, and he would not have cared had his fingers come away brilliant with his own blood. But it has sunk in too deeply, and now he cannot rip it away. The thin rattle from beneath the twisted grey sheets. The sound parched and soaked at the same time. The pull of grey skin over thin bones. The cry. And John can do nothing.
She surveys him for a long moment. Her hair is bright red, obviously from a bottle. Her mouth is thin and determined. There is a spray of freckles across her nose. Dark shadows beneath her eyes. Unmarried. A strong and exhausted woman.
know, don’t they? And mostly, he’d be right.
His ears remain full.
“We were…” He exhales. “We were going to get married.”
John has his arms crossed behind his back. “Thank you. I’m not.”
In the end dawn breaks, and he supposes that he will have to content himself with that much, for the meantime at the very least.
John turns and smiles, ghosting his fingers ghost the slender arc of Sherlock’s jaw. Sherlock swallows and leans into the touch. Sleep clings to him, sticky and soft. John welcomes him into the circle of his arms and he settles against his chest. The rain falls harder, a thousand drumbeats overhead, in tune with the heartbeat beneath his cheek. His lost reality suddenly seems impossible to recover from the fog of memory. He swallows. John pushes his damp hair back from his forehead. The rhythm of his breathing is familiar and Sherlock sighs in unabashed relief.
John nods. “Yes, more.” He is not entirely aware of what he is saying. His voice takes on a sharp edge. In the back of his mind it occurs to him that he must sound a bit like a madman. “More. Consider this, Sherlock. What if we had met under different circumstances? What if this was just one more night in hundreds, thousands? What if it didn’t end tomorrow? What if…” He trails off. His heart is pounding dizzyingly. His head throbs. “What would we do then?”
The next week brings a myriad of visitors. There is the tottering Mrs. Hudson; she must be his landlady, judging by how she prattles on about the state of
Blank. Afterwards, they lie next to each other. Not holding each other. Not even speaking. But next to each other all the same. And John, barely breathing, his entire body suffused with color, turns out the light, and rolls over, and dares—dares, dares, dares—to lay one hand on the fall of Sherlock’s hip. And leave it there. And sleep.
“Like what? An honest man?”
Sherlock is completely still. “More?”
“It was very sweet of you to come,” says the man eventually, “but I’m sure Sherlock needs his rest. Besides, the hospital visitor hours are about to close.” He stands, and one hand falls to his thigh, pressing for an instant. An old habit? But why? “I should be going, as well.”
Once the grime has been washed away, the bruises beneath his skin reveal themselves like strange, grotesque flowers in bloom. His lips are dry and John fetches a new sponge, lets a few drops slide into his mouth. His tongue darts out to lap them away, and then he is still again, except for the terrible wet and dry rattle of his breathing. The drugs slacken his jaw.
A few weeks have passed since the sick little girl first arrived in the clinic. A few weeks since Sherlock materialized at her bedside from somewhere deep in the cloak of night. A few weeks since John heard too much. And since then, Sherlock has made himself a constant presence. He stalks between the mattresses demanding information, flashing his authorization should anyone dare to refuse him. No one ever does, but rarely do they know the answers to his questions. And so after a few days he has largely taken to sitting resignedly at the girl’s bedside, jotting down notes and occasionally taking her pulse.
Death has been so kind as to accompany him in his vigil. He stands in a thick cloak of silence and taps his chin with one slender finger. He is not excited, because this death is too obvious. He knows it will not be long before he can welcome the boy into the dark comfort of his embrace. He prefers theatrics. Tragedy. He adores bitter flavors and watches John brew tea with a great deal of fascination.
In any other situation, even just a week ago, he would have dismissed the idea. Too much. Too many problems. Memories that jolt awake shattering the darkness. Blood on his hands swirling pink down the drain when he still hasn’t turned on the water. Scars twisting from the junction of his neck and collarbone digging knurled fingers down beneath his skin to contort his lungs and ribs. The war. The war. The war. John Watson is not suited to live with anyone, not anymore.
“And!”
“Thirsty,” he replies quietly. “I haven’t stopped being thirsty ever since I arrived here.”
don’t believe that. You know perfectly well that you could recover if you really wanted to do so. You’re just afraid to begin, because in your heart of hearts you know the truth. You don’t want to leave. You are not haunted by the war, John Watson.” He grins. “You miss it.”
“Good morning,” he says. The man smiles and the wrinkles at the corners of his eyes pull upwards. No, he could not have been an adulterer. “I’m sorry,” adds Sherlock before he can help himself. “They don’t realize that it’s inevitable, do they?”
When they level with each other in the steps of their private waltz (the broken rhythms of which they join between them, somehow, and John hates it, hates it), her gaze encompasses him. John watches, ignorant. He is a stranger, he realizes then, an utter stranger. He grits his teeth in rage and humiliation, shame. An ache spreads from his sternum, and he can imagine it already. The discolored blue.
In any case, John becomes immersed in his memories less and less frequently. He no longer has the time to chat with Death; these days he is too busy entertaining speeding, flying, brilliant audiences with Sherlock. His life feels flooded all of a sudden. His blood sings and his mind races. But still he cannot keep up with Sherlock Holmes.
Mycroft holds his gaze for a few beats more, then turns.
John is simply extraordinary.
Sherlock doesn’t know how to reply. John looks at him with the ghost of tears in his eyes.
“Mycroft is the same as I, actually. As you speculated long ago—yes, I know. Really, John, of course I know. Anyway, our condition is, in fact, genetic. But he was always better at controlling them than I was. Still is. He doesn’t like them, you see, which makes it easier for him to turn them on and off. But as for me, well. As much as I hurt, I always sort of…loved it. And so if I knew it was even a possibility, for me to feel that much…even, even just sometimes, well. I would break. So it became rather…all or nothing, I’d say.”
“Yes, well.”
Sherlock’s hands are shaking.
“I don’t,” says John, confused, stupid, because it is the only way he can be in that moment even though he knows everything Sherlock really means. “Expect color, Sherlock, I know you, I wouldn’t—”
And with that he waltzes from the room waving his right hand goodbye as though it were a cane and he a tap dancer.
The man leans forwards over the bed, making as if to run his hand through his hair. He stops halfway there, held back. By what?
The official sinks back into the chaos of the infirmary.
The piece is coming to a close; does Sherlock know that John is there? If he does, he does not stop, he lets the music exhale away like a sigh, like relief, and the last note seems to plunge within John and hook itself on something there. And even as the colors fade, even as Sherlock’s beautiful colors fade, John feels what opening feels like. Like his skin is cracking. He knew, some things he already knew—the heaviness between his legs, he understood from the beginning—but now his skin is cracking as if in a dry wind but there’s nothing, no wind, no desert, nothing, he can’t even remember what sand means, the taste or texture of it, sand? Impossible, not when his skin is cracking and tears swim warm and wet in his eyes.
“What? What’s so funny?”
He shakes her away. “That’s because I’m always right!” But he does not want to corner himself and his voice softens. “I always jump to conclusions because I always know, before anyone else…” He grits his teeth. “It’s my lot in life, for better or for worse.”
A nod. Sherlock’s expression is blank, but for some reason, John smiles reassuringly.
“I loved you,” he cries. “And even now, I—god. I love you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Just Molly,” she says quickly. Her palm is clammy. “I’ve heard so much about you.”
It’s been a week, and the clinic is chaos. The patients have spread through the entire hospital. And although every morning half of them lie cold between the sheets, twice that number crowds the waiting room. The news spreads slowly, because nobody wants to talk about it. Nobody wants to make it real. And so a silent terror to begins to sink into the city.
John nods. Another pause.
Or at least as far as Sherlock is aware; it seems improbable, but perhaps lost somewhere in the recesses of his subconscious exists some memory of a time when they  were still more engrossed in one another. John never talks about their relationship, so Sherlock knows agonizingly little. How did they meet? Where did they go on their first date? When did they have their first kiss? Then Sherlock realizes that he does not know what it is like to kiss John at all.
“But you shouldn’t listen to me. I don’t know what I’m talking about.”
Sherlock drops John’s wrist and bends over the mattress. He presses his hand to her forehead. He takes her pulse. His brow crinkles. His eyes glint. Cold and frosted, and he drops his index finger to his lower lip and drums and drums. A steady rhythm. Like a heartbeat. Thought. Thinking. He is thinking. John watches. He finds himself capable of nothing more.
The cab stops and they step onto the street. Sherlock pays as John takes the suitcase he brought to the hospital from the trunk. They exchange a smile before John walks to the door and fits his key into the lock. The door swings open and he steps inside. Sherlock doesn’t follow. John turns back to ask whether he’s coming or not and Sherlock can see his heart unfold on his face.
“No,” admits Sherlock. “Neither am I.” Silence. The air is warm and grey.“What’s different about this one?”
“Goodness, John,” he says at last. “What
“So like me,” he mumbles.
which we encounter each day,” he says glassily, “very little would ever come to pass.”
Sherlock looks at him, at the carton, back at him. At the carton. Then he snorts—like it’s the most menial, dehumanizing thing in the world—snatches up the chopsticks, and takes a bite. Chews. Swallows.
John says he’s moving out.
to think that you were my husband.”
“I thought you were,” he gasps. John seems at a loss for words. “After I struck my head I couldn’t remember a thing about you,” he continues. His voice hitches wildly every few words. “I tried and tried to figure out who you were. It was hard; you weren’t easy to deduce like Molly or that fellow at Scotland Yard or the landlady. Then I…well. You always brought me tea, and you put up with me, and sometimes when you thought I was asleep you would…touch my hair, and the way you smiled at me, I…” He glanced up at John helplessly. His face was blank. “It seemed only
Sherlock smirks.
He sets the plate on top of Sherlock’s drawn-up knees.
“I knew you would say something like that,” he mumbles. “You’re not wrong. I am being illogical. But when you think about it, this whole thing is illogical.” He runs a hand over his face. “I can’t figure out why she died. I’ve been thinking all day, doing research on the symptoms…nothing. No good reason. She shouldn’t have died from that sickness, Sherlock. It was serious, yes, very serious, but not life-threatening. There were none of the right signs. It just doesn’t add up. Surely even you can admit to that much.”
John is coming home from the surgery, thinking about what to order for dinner, and he walks up the stairs to 221B, and he fits the key in the lock, and he walks inside and it isn’t until he hangs his jacket in the hall and drops his bag in the living room and turns and his gaze travels, accidentally, over the doorway to the kitchen, that he realizes he’s there.
“Fine.”
“I know. I’m sorry. I will one day, I promise.” He pauses. “I suppose it’s that I’m still afraid.”
John swallows. “Thank you.” His pulse thuds. Adrenalin from the explosions? Perhaps. “Thank you, truly. I get the feeling that…” He pauses. “That you don’t say that very often.”
“I think you’ve said too much.”
The younger boy shuts his eyes, sets his teeth
“If you must know,” he says at last. “She turned pink.”
“A deal,” growls the younger boy. “First, the Work.”
“Not quite sure myself,” replies Sherlock as they step into the building, hands still joined. He can feel coolness of the ring and a wild smile breaks onto his face. He kisses John again in the foyer. “I’d just rather like to thank you.”
“I want to know,” he repeats. John stares at him. “I want to know. Is that not reason enough? I cannot stand not knowing things. I am curious and I cannot stand it.” He takes a step forwards with a strange light in his eyes. “Tell me.”
“No, John. Think, for once in your life.” And his voice is trembling, it’s really trembling, and John regrets the almost laughter, wants to reach for him, fold him up within the structure of his own body, but he knows he can’t, he can’t, and then Sherlock is standing up, and he’s taking a step forward, and his arms hang stiff at his sides, and for the first time it looks like Sherlock Holmes doesn’t know what to do—with himself, with anything. “I
“Wonderful. You will resume the regimen tomorrow.”
At some point John looks up. Sherlock does not bother to lower his gaze. He finds no shame in his studies and he even dares to think that John is perhaps already accustomed to his peculiarities.
“I really do need her,” he emphasizes rather feebly. “I can’t…look, I can’t say why, not yet at least. I wish I could. But it’s very important, you see. I’m sorry. I know that this rubs you the wrong way, that it somehow goes against your morals. Oh, don’t look at me like that!” He tugs on the lock of hair between his thumb and index finger. “I am sorry.”
Sherlock meets his gaze, and the weight of it bears down.
“Indeed,” replies Sherlock silkily. “And quite dangerous, at that. It’s shown its face in some isolated villages in the center of China. We got our share of samples some time ago.” He leans in close to the case. “Go ahead and have a proper look. Don’t worry. It’s quite sealed. One must take the utmost security with such a lethal weapon.”
Something is stuck in Sherlock’s throat.
“I need her for research,” he explains frostily. He is not really lying. He does need her. But that is not why he trapped John’s pulse. “I have a permit. I need her for research.”
They're not quite normal, and it's alright.
John is not afraid. Rather he feels irrationally safe standing next to Sherlock, with his hand on his shoulder. But for some reason his heart sings in his ears. He is acutely aware of Sherlock at his side, of the measured come and go of his breathing, his seamless composure, the pressure of his hand. The man glances between them. A moment of suspense. Then his eyes widen.
The menu is Italian. Nothing special. John finds it comforting, even though pictures of the food are printed beside the descriptions. For his part, Sherlock opens the menu, flips through it, and shuts it again. John gets a beer. Nothing for Sherlock. In the end John orders ravioli and Sherlock chicken parmesan, although he does so with a sort of begrudging air about him. When the food comes, he does not so much as glance at his fork. John raises an eyebrow.
If only they knew that he can remember nothing.
They shower and dress, and John makes breakfast, forcing Sherlock to eat a few bites as he fiddles with his laptop or the newspaper. He circles the table, dropping two cubes of sugar into his coffee and a kiss at his temple. Sherlock smiles and dissolves the sugar, the edge of his spoon singing against the mug. John unfolds the newspaper with a flourish. Mrs. Hudson usually totters downstairs around midmorning; she flutters about clearing dishes and reorganizing their silverware drawer, huffing and scolding and pinching their cheeks until they glow. Once she has departed, they gather the evidence files and leave for work.
All he wants is to help John. They are never apart. It is as if they have melded into one person. They are a dichotomy in its truest form. Sherlock is cold and calculating. He stays the syringe of morphine when the patient is on the brink of death. Supplies run low. Waste cannot be allowed. And then John is human. He murmurs to the children and comforts the stranded mothers and wanders in a dream of war and death and chalky faces. In the end his only guide is Sherlock’s hand. He stumbles on the path but he stays upright because now they serve as one another’s reality.
“For being…” Fear. Fear like an infection. One mustn’t go near her. One might catch it, too. “For being so brusque about it, that is. I forget that you are no less prey to sentiment than any of these damn tottering nurses…feeding her pudding, why I..!”
Like wings the wind picks up John’s coat; the rain pricks his skin; Sherlock’s arms flail, his hands brush his; John’s knees scream, his whole body screams, but he’s alive. He’s alive. Alive alive alive. He and Sherlock collapse against the wall, gasping; the rain-wet bricks bite into their backs and thighs. And John thinks, it’s fucking freezing, and John thinks, here is a madman, and John thinks, it really did feel like flying, and John thinks, gold, John thinks, joy, John is aching, all the way to the tips of his fingers and toes.
They’re sitting in their chairs, and John is working on his next blog post, and Sherlock is thinking, or hallucinating, or performing cellular respiration or whatever it is he does when he steeples his fingers like that, and then John feels, like intuition but sharper, clearer still, the weight of Sherlock’s gaze. He almost looks up, almost laughs, almost says, “What, do I have something on my face?”
At long last the last note sobs from the violin and silence falls. Sherlock becomes human again and the night solidifies. The shadows calm. The lamplight strengthens. This time John does not applaud. He cannot. He watches as Sherlock bends to place his violin carefully on the windowsill and feels helplessly overcome by that something he cannot define.
Night floods the sitting room, so they draw the curtains and turn on the telly so that the fuzzy artificial glow combats the darkness. It’s some mindless program, but sitting beside John in that sort of confident silence that comes from long friendship and deep love, their fingers loosely intertwined, it’s alright. It gets late. By midnight, they’re sitting pressed together, twined together nearly to the ankle, just by coincidence, gravity, really.
“For some goddamn
And lastly another child, a boy this time, small and scared. Pale eyes and a shock of dark hair, slender lips, curiously beautiful. His mother comes as quickly as she can get off work. His father is a soldier. As he explains this, the boy puffs his chest out in pride. John smiles his heartbreak and pushes the boy’s hair back from his forehead. He takes his pulse, makes to tickle his tiny ribs before he remembers, and sends him to bed with his mother following worriedly behind.
John wants to ask what Mycroft apologized for, but he waits, knowing that Sherlock will tell him if he wants to tell him, that pushing him to talk will only unsettle the delicate balance of sincerity suspended between them. For a moment, Sherlock is still, sitting on the edge of the bed, and then he turns and meets John’s eyes for a split second. A violet shiver of need cuts across his cheek and somehow communicates itself directly to John, jutting deep into him. Then Sherlock is clambering across the mattress, kicking up the covers and crawling underneath. John shifts, lets himself be moved and molded until Sherlock is fitted against his side, not in his arms, exactly, but pressed up against him, the lines of their bodies perfectly parallel except for the meeting point of their ankles beneath the sheets.
“Oh, John.” He takes his hands. “This isn’t how I wanted to tell you.”
But how Sherlock likes touching John!
Sherlock closes his eyes.
“It’s good,” says John. He is unclear why he feels he has to justify actually eating breakfast to anyone, but to Sherlock, he does. “Really.”
“I don’t think that’s true, anyway.” It comes out soft. Almost silent. “That you don’t feel.”
Wouldn’t he?
Sherlock’s lip curls, reflected in the windowpane.
“You’re just funny,” he explains feebly. “Most people don’t even think about that, breathing, whether it’s boring or not.”
, Sherlock.” He is smiling and Sherlock looks away, unsettled. “Besides, I was offering to make
“John,” says Sherlock, and some things never change: John rolls his eyes, but he saves a draft of his next blog post, folds up his laptop, and retreats upstairs, leaving the older and younger boy to whatever it is they have to say to one another.
And so his presence – Death, that is – becomes more familiar. John crouches at bedsides and watches as skin yellows and bellies bloated like balloons, and Death checks the time. John picks over an abandoned battlefield and discovers that rotted blood smells sweet, and Death swoops onto the young man at the right and shows off his twisted expression with a leer. John ties off fresh stitches and Death hovers anxiously at his side, twiddling his thumbs and hoping that the infection will spread. John cannot help his own kindness and he runs out of morphine a month. No new provisions come. Every time a soldier faints from the pain, Death hopes that he will never break from his slumber.
John bites down on his lower lip. “Your violin.” He dares not turn from the mirror. “Do you think you could play something for me?”
To his surprise, his eyes fill with tears.
John nods, thinking of the episodes he still has, where his skin flares so bright that he can’t see or think, can barely breathe, and he has to turn away from the world—on a case, tucking himself into phone booths or alleyways, at home, turning his face into the back of the sofa or locking himself in their room, lights off blinds shuttered. The sort of viscerality behind the sickness, the pure, vicious experience of it, is a constant in his life, at once a reality more real than any other and completely untenable; it makes Sherlock who he is, and it is almost always unspeakably beautiful, so ferociously alive, and John loves it, loves it infinitely, needs it. Still, the moments where it's too much, where it overflows even Sherlock's capacities—these moments are agony, utterly. They are all the more excruciating because there is so little to be done; John can shelter Sherlock on the street, can type softly for him to hear in the living room, can massage his temples in their bedroom, but he can't make it stop, not entirely. John hates feeling helpless; it goes against all of his instincts as a doctor, and as a person who loves.
For a long moment the sound of her breathing reigns.
The kettle whistles; John pours the tea, because he’s not sure what else to do. Sherlock’s blood rushes into the vial, fills it up. John wonders if he notices it, the way John can’t quite bring irritation to bubble up on his wrists. He doubts it’s because of the paleness.
“Oh,” repeats Sherlock quietly. “So you were in love with me from the beginning, then.”
“And?”
John regards him warily. “But why?”
Sherlock has not been able to make his way back to the lab since he first accommodated John at Baker Street. He has been too occupied with conversations that last deep into the night and flimsy excuses to dam the flood of fear. And so the test tubes and samples are much as he left them, although a few cotton swabs left out of place and a pen that does not belong to him lying on the counter betray that Molly has come a few times and fussed about with the research. She obviously tried to leave everything just as it was. A valiant effort. She nearly succeeded. Sherlock smiles indulgently.
Sherlock wants to say something. Perhaps he should thank him. But for some indeterminable reason he does not feel like a mere thank you, two syllables, once breath, so little effort, such a paltry gift compared to what John has just given him, would truly express his gratitude. Two words could not possibly illustrate the honest enormity of his astonishment. Of his amazement. Of the strange feeling rooted in his chest, the sudden scream of his pulse, the confusion that clouds his thoughts.
A stretch of silence.
“It’s probably going to sound funny to you, but I haven’t made any real friends since I got back. Admittedly there’s Sarah over at the clinic, but we don’t talk all that often. And I don’t see my family much at all anymore, either. My mum and dad are actually quite busy and my sister is…well, my sister is a long story. But that isn’t the point. The point was I didn’t talk to many people. And it’s that…well…I’m sure someone like you can imagine the reasons.” His eyes are fixed on his lap. “Anyways it’s only that I…well I…well.”
“But what if…” Words punctuated by a tremor in her voice. He rolls his eyes.
Fingers—pale. Not even a bruising of annoyance, for all the archness of his tone.
“Maybe to you. But it’s necessary, isn’t it?” He shrugs and takes another bite, speaking around his fork. “Just like sleeping and breathing.”
Sherlock laughs out of an infuriating combination of love and frustration. “Oh, John,” he sighs. “John, I never want to forget anything again.”
John gets up. Groans in pain a little—his chest is aching, his knuckles bloody—but Sherlock won’t wait for long. It is miracle enough that he hangs in the doorway, watching John in a way that is somehow arch despite his smugness, despite the victory that clings to his face thick and obscuring like a summer fog. He knows he’s won, cracked the case. God knows how. But he knows.
It makes sense. Still, John does not see the telltale waxiness of creams layered thick on his skin. In fact, his neck is fleshy, even blemished in places: flawed, real. John rationalizes that the government stuff is some of the best. It must be designed to make it look like there’s really nothing there. John swallows, thinking of the way Sherlock had laughed at him. Had he been wrong, then?
Irene Adler was another one, another one who felt things that not everyone understood, who knew things meant to be hidden, who watched the nuances of the world with such keenness that people would have called her unnatural, too, had she not been so pretty. She was a good teacher. She commanded respect, but enjoyed and nurtured her pupils. She liked to lead people along; Sherlock could tell by the angle of her hip, the gleam in her eye.
“There was you, too, I suppose.”
But it was a false exit, of course, and Moriarty’s back, and there’s no choice. The face of death again. Another smile. John nods and Sherlock pulls the trigger. The universe goes up in flames. He clings to John until he falls unconscious. In the end it’s always inevitable. Sleep, that is.
He hasn’t seen her for a long time, and he hadn’t really expected or hoped for anything. She had slipped so painlessly from his reality that he didn’t give it a second thought; he grieved the loss for a while, but got distracted, forgot. But here’s the lilt of her voice and the scarlet arc of her mouth, and it’s all the same. Except they’re only meeting for the first time, even though Sherlock remembers it all.
“I just…” Sherlock pauses. “Well, to be honest, I don’t really know. Not for sure. But I think I sort of, rather…after the Fall, after all that time I spent away from you, John. I just. I found that it was impossible.”
She wasn’t truly cold then, either, just bottled away by ambition. It was hard to be an intelligent woman. She couldn’t be respected and loved at the same time. Sherlock didn’t know how to respect or love. But he did kiss her. And they did hold hands. And they were equals. And after they made love for the first time on the rigid mattress in her dormitory, Sherlock forgot himself and fell asleep with his head on her pillow and his heart lost between the sheets. It was a mistake and he was punished.
“Right, then.” He manages a smile. “You lead the way.”
The visitors come and go, a blur of unfamiliar faces twisting in concern or distaste, and yet he easily discerns the identity of each and every one. Such seems to be his talent. It is the man who stays, who dozes upright in the armchair at the side of the bed, who swallows the bitter hospital coffee in the morning, who argues with the doctors and checks Sherlock’s pulse and forces him to eat, who confounds him.
“I had fallen in love with you. Without even…without even trying, and so deeply that when you attacked Moriarty I thought I would die of fear. You had become like…” He pauses. “Like the back of my hand, or is that how the saying goes?” He shakes his head. “Irrelevant. You just existed. You still do. I sincerely believe you always will. And John…” He inhales deeply. “When I woke with my memory back, I remembered two things. The first is that you are not and never have been my husband. The second is that…the second is that I have loved you from when you first looked at me and weren’t repelled by my mind. From when you smiled and said
, the ghost of it pressing against his skin, and he can’t help it, hope against hope hurts in his chest—he stops. Sherlock looks at him. Looks away.
John shrugs. “I don’t know.” A pause. “You seemed rather…well, awfully interested in her, actually. More than usual, I mean.”
“In any case, we shouldn’t jump to conclusions. Oh, Sherlock…” She squeezes his shoulder. “You do always jump to conclusions…”
“Why would you be afraid?” He doesn’t stop typing, but he’s just pretending. Sherlock goes to the couch and sits down on the far cushion. He draws his knees to his chest.
“Boring,” mumbles Sherlock.
“They’ve got three more.”
The voice has shifted from human to surreal.  John raises a brow at such temerity, but he is strangely calm. The man does not frighten him. In fact, he exudes an infectious cool. John smiles pleasantly. He will file the police report later. He contentedly explains that he is a doctor. The glass eyes crackle.
“Won’t I be getting a tour?”
A pause. Long, labored; in it, there is more meaning than any words. He hates him, hates him.
John exhales and his words are buoyed towards the ceiling. “You’re going to think I’m very foolish, Sherlock, and you’re probably right. But who am I kidding. You are right. You always are. I’ve known that much about you from the offset.”
It’s coming, he realizes. Ironic? Not quite. Not enough. He can’t find it within himself to fight it off. At least Sherlock will have his answer: John really was just a coward, in the end. That’s fine. It’s all fine.
“I,” John says. “Well, yes, you’re right. I did know that. You didn’t have to tell me. It’s not as if I’d hoped…”
“So,” he says.
But John cannot know this, of course. That would ruin the puzzle.
The boy was Mycroft Holmes. Fifteen years old. His brother. Before Sherlock fell asleep that day, he didn’t exist. But he did for everyone else. And when Sherlock said otherwise, Mycroft sighed and Mummy glared and went out for a smoke, and his cheeks burned. So eventually he stopped saying otherwise. But he never stopped thinking. And that became a habit.
“Good morning,” says John thickly. “What’s all this, then?”
John is not really listening; he wants Sherlock to grab the plate so he can stop balancing it on his knees.
The boy falls silent just as dawn splits the darkness of the infirmary into a gradient of greys and black.
“How may I help you?”
“Quite.”
John bites into what would have been Sherlock’s first meal in thirty-six hours, puts the lid back on the butter dish, and slides it in next to the half-frozen knuckles, which suddenly seem to belong there. Where else would they be? John shuts the fridge. He takes a bite of toast. Chews. Swallows. Another bite. A sip of tea.
“Go to sleep,” she says, and he does.
The silence seems an eternity. The water laps gently against the sides of the pool. They breathe.
The war is pale.
But Sarah is looking, always looking; Sarah sees it for the first time one night after they’ve had sex, when she is breathing against his shoulder, her stomach and breasts flushed pink and purple with orgasm and oxytocin. Across her back spreads a summer sky, and then there is John, and it’s creeping around his wrist, up his arm—furtively, regretfully, moving like ugliness for all the flaring beauty of the color. She looks, and looks, and he knows she knows it’s not for her.
to show your face around here again? You son of a bitch!” He shakes him. “You son of a bitch…”
At this, Holmes looks up with warning in his eyes. Anderson doesn’t notice.
Sherlock opens his eyes.
He sleeps.
But this feeling is different.
John admits that much is true. He’s softened already. “It’s that you were so fixated.”
I do without you?”
“This is Doctor John Hamish Watson,” he says effortlessly. “And should you profess to maintain even the slightest particle of common sense you might do well to understand that this alone serves as sufficient authorization.”
They are quiet for a time. Neither wants to bring up the matter that they know they must discuss. For a moment they wish for nothing more than to pretend that things are as they always have been. They will drink, run over maps and tactics, crack jokes about their subordinates, and of course they will talk about Sherlock. He is the reason, after all. The infuriating precious reason. The glue of their friendship.
“You don’t know anything about love.”
, wherever that may be. There is Lestrade, the man with the silver hair and disgruntled expression, from whom Sherlock learns his own profession: an
John looks at him quite curiously.
The last passengers are called. Molly runs ahead. Sherlock picks up his suitcase. Takes a step forwards. Looks at John. His eyes are chips of glass. They will not meet again. The war has taken over John. John is the war. John will die for it. They both know it. His eyes say nothing. John swallows. He opens his mouth.
In any case, he is glad that Sherlock is there. Once the patients have settled into their beds and each has fallen asleep in the midst of a private haze of morphine, an unsettling silence falls over the clinic. Without someone tangible to talk to, only his own consciousness, and perhaps Death taking turns leering over each patient, John might have gone half-mad with memory. It is too much like the desert, which is as silent as a tomb once night falls because the heat that radiates from the sand and the indefinite black of night render the earth soundless, muffled and exhausted, so that even the groans of the dying cannot be heard.
“Sixty years,” answers the man. “Sixty years and I was never bored.”
No. That, Sherlock would not do.
But he can’t. Sherlock is looking at him, and it feels like touch.
Sherlock kicks, clips the man in the chin; his hands loosen on John, he can breathe. He is gasping. Aching. Alive. He punches. The man falls back, out cold. Sherlock does not even look at him, let alone at John; he goes straight for the gun, plucks it from the floor with gloved hands.
“To be afraid anymore, I mean. Of feeling too much.”
John bites back the anger because he knows it’s magnified by Irene, and he doesn’t want to admit it to himself, doesn’t want Sherlock to know, because if he says it he will know, maybe already does. He has not touched him in days.
At first John is passionately angry. Then he gets a better glimpse of the pale alien face, of the dart and glitter of sharp eyes like colored marbles. He tastes warmth and life. The anger drains away. An instant of silence.
facts.”
The days pass more quickly than they should. Death makes time run together at the seams. The evacuation has already begun. Each day the city is more silent, more still, more grey. At the break of the final dawn the illusion of a coat of ash has settled over London. The light is clear and brutal and the sky is a slice of fragile blue porcelain. Nothing moves. Every once in a while the dull snap of helicopter blades can be heard in the distance. From time to a time a dog barks. Otherwise the quiet is as profound as a tomb.
Sherlock shrugs and catalogues the data for later reference.
And the little boy will do it; he’ll do it. Nobody could expect him to know any better. The older boy is sneering; that would be enough in and of itself. Even if it weren’t, the little boy is just a child. He has simply not been alive long enough to learn all the different ways that people have of hiding.
John recovers quickly from his astonishment.
“I hope you two enjoyed your meal,” he booms, and seals one thick hand around Sherlock’s shoulder. John tries not to smile at the juxtaposition. Slender aristocratic Sherlock bending like a willow beneath the weight of this enormous flushed man. It’s ridiculous.
“You said not to worry!” she gasps. “You said it was nothing!”
Sherlock draws back. “But I do care.” He sounds surprised. John cannot help himself; his looks up sharply. Sherlock is gazing back at him quite seriously. His eyebrows are raised and furrow slightly at the center. The curious angles of his face seem to draw together at the touch of the lamplight.
Sherlock’s gratitude lodges in his throat.
He turns on the television while John arranges the food on the coffee table. Some mindless medical drama. Of course he immediately guesses the disease. Too easy. He throws his head back on the couch with a groan. John rolls his eyes but there is the trace of a smirk at the corner of his mouth.
He wakes again after some time. Brittle bars of sunlight spill in through the hospital windows to shatter into razor shards of gold on the tile. Late afternoon. The burn wound only hurts him vaguely. He turns over and sees that the other bed is empty.
He circles the armchair and sits down on the sofa, tucking his bathrobe beneath him. He locks eyes with the man and his heart stammers.
They spend a while longer in the lab, puttering around the test tubes and shaking up the petri dishes. John cannot deny that he is intrigued by the whole business. Sherlock moves through the web of scientific equipment and chemicals with a glassy sort of grace, not unlike the way he moves playing the violin but colder, more calculating, less free. Every footstep is carefully measured, and his fingertips play out orderly patterns over the microscopes and the eyedroppers. John watches in helpless fascination. He can understand without trouble the compounds and the equations, the purpose and execution of the study, but never will he be able to carry himself with such meticulous ease. It is strange and admirable, and he nearly forgets himself in watching Sherlock.
John looks at it. And he knows—would know anywhere, already—that Sherlock is looking, too.
So that is his name.
John sighs and comes to his bedside. He reaches out to wrap his fingers around the railing but stops and stuffs them into his pocket. “In a sense,” he says. “How do you feel?”  He speaks politely, detachedly, but the flicker in his eyes betrays him. Sherlock stares into his lap.
“I know,” he murmurs.
“I think I might have some idea.”
John makes the tea. Sherlock and Mycroft say nothing. John comes back. Sherlock and Mycroft say nothing. John hands them their cups and, at last, Mycroft’s eyes rise—slowly, like a bubble of air slipping upwards from the bottom of a glass—to inspect his face.
“It was wonderful, as always, Angelo,” says Sherlock mildly. He does not even shake off the hand on his shoulder. John is impressed. Angelo laughs for no apparent reason and shoots a wink at him.
He falls silent. Sherlock’s head has begun to swim with pain and morphine and the pounding of his heart. He feels the sear of the burn at his stomach more sharply. He opens his mouth to reply, but his voice cracks. His lips are dry again. Suddenly, a nurse materializes and presses him back into the pillows. She gives him a fresh injection and the curtain falls on the dream of the hospital.
The name stuck.
“Funny, but you don’t look much like a member of the family to me.” He crosses his arms. “I was generous last night. This is an army clinic. You can’t be here. Leave.”
John sighs. “I don’t know about that. I haven’t seen any functioning take-away joints around here since before I left. Rather dangerous, don’t you think?” He glances up with a crooked smile. “Carting around bags of kung-pao chicken through gunfire? Must be difficult to get willing employees.”
The night is deep and black when the last of the morphine exhausts itself and the boy snaps awake with a pitiful cry. John clenches his teeth. He wants him to die. It would be kinder. How long it will take naturally – well, not very long, but the pain must be unfathomable. Oh, how he wants him to die.
Silence falls for a moment. John sets down his fork and gestures at the untouched plate in front of Sherlock.
John is silent. He stares into the case for some time. Sherlock cannot read his face. Frustrating. After a considerable while he clears his throat.
John takes his hand with a smile. “Think nothing of it.”
But Mycroft simply walks away.
“Just as I’ve showed you how to do, all this time?”
He can’t love John.
“Preposterous,” he says, and takes a bite.
John looks at him with tired eyes. Another silence. Then Sherlock releases him. They do not need words. John Watson is a doctor. A doctor and nothing else. Death opened him up and tore through his insides and clumsily sewed him back together long ago. He eft nothing in his wake. John Watson is a doctor and nothing else and he will serve his duty until the end. He has no other choice. There is nothing left for him. He is the loneliest man in the world. He has accepted his fate.
Sherlock climbs across the mattress to sit beside him. “I am nothing if not straightforward.”
John nods. Sherlock disappears into his office and emerges with his blazer. It is ironic, but the sharp lines of black satin lend a sense of normalcy to the whole situation. It is almost as if they had just met all over again. For a moment they hold each other’s gaze. They have known one another for scarcely a month but John knows every line in Sherlock’s face, every nuance of expression, every shadow of color that could cross his eyes. It is all familiar, every part of him. Stuck. Irreparably lodged in his memory. He has never known a person so well. In fact he had not even thought it possible. And yet he feels he still has so much to learn.
It is then that Sherlock meets terror.
“We don’t have a choice.” Irene drains her glass and wipes her mouth on her sleeve. “I’ll ring up the enemy as soon as possible. War is war. But they won’t want to risk themselves here. The first of their troops started catching just yesterday. It won’t be difficult.”
John leaves the toast plain. Sherlock is in the sitting room, facing the window: he is still in his dressing gown, who knows if he slept at all, there are charcoal circles under eyes, his hair is wild, he holds his fingers steepled. The morning is all over him: almost yellow, but not quite. Not quite. He sits with his knees drawn to chest, his eyes narrowed. He probably hears John (he hears everything), but he does not look up. He is apparently doing nothing at all, but John knows better now.
Sherlock watches as he weaves between the beds and disappears down the hallway. He is going to the morgue. Sherlock glances down at the still face of the little girl. Her skin is already yellowing in places. His stomach turns. Not disgust. Fear .
“And…?”
“We couldn’t afford it in the first place.” Mycroft takes another long drink. “And even so, in the end that’s not really the issue.”
Neither of them feels like going back to the flat. As they have already established, sleep is boring. They might as well be working, so they manage to catch another cab to the clinic. On the way they pass through some of the worst combat zones. Every few seconds the cab is flooded with the eerie light of a shell flowering into the sky and the night around them is ruptured by the spatter of gunfire. John cannot help himself. He stares out the window. He knows Sherlock is watching him.
“I worry that is has,” replies Irene, staring into her drink. “We knew the risks when we authorized the operation. We knew the risks when we assigned Sherlock.”
Sherlock waits. Eventually John sighs and shakes his head.
Sherlock tells Lestrade to fuck off. He does, and John is silent. Nobody has been unpleasant to him since he got back from Afghanistan. It feels ugly. And is that—it is. At his wrist, a purpling bloom of irritation. He watches, waiting for the color to be sucked away, not sure whether to be relieved or not when it goes.
John comes home to find Sherlock tucked defeated beneath the sheets, lost in the mist of the unknown past that he may never realize.
John does not lift his face from his hands. The boy drifts between languages. He pleads in English and prays in Arabic. John would much rather it were the other way around. He recognizes certain prayers. It hits him that the boy knows he will die. He has abandoned hope. Death leans forwards in his seat. He is neither smiling nor frowning. He watches. John would not have lifted his face from his hands for the entire universe.
He grits his teeth. John looks at him for a long time. He doesn’t look back. At some point John goes inside. Once he’s gone Sherlock clings to the railing until his knuckles burn. Rain is brewing and the wind whips his face, brings tears to his eyes, dashes them away. He can’t. It’s selfish, but he won’t. And in the end he doesn’t deserve it.
The curtains lie drawn to reveal the faint impression of autumn on the horizon. Gone are the summer sunsets, the prismatic wash of light, acrylic orange and red. The sunlight is clear, raw, and the sky is brittle with cold. His wrist dips. Tenuous strands of notes expand and contract. John is reading. He’s got something on the stove; Sherlock doesn’t want to eat. Night begins to bruise the horizon.
“You know that's impossible to measure. It defies scientific means. You can’t know for sure. You simply can’t.”
“Don’t bother, Sally,” Anderson sneers. “What would he know about it, anyway? You know. How he…is.”
And the younger boy, through teeth still gritted together:
It’s gone in seconds. Then, Sherlock analyzes the fingerprints on the gun (he has already deduced it all: previously handled, and not by just anyone), and they find the culprit that night. John’s skin reverts to sand. But Sherlock. He saved John’s life (technically true: motives aside, a life is a life is a life) and even though the case is over, he eats nothing and stays in the sitting room all night (not interesting
“What?” His voice scrapes, stumbles, but there: Sherlock’s head falls against the pillow, and his eyes flutter, his breathing slows. John leans away. Thank god, thank god, thank god. “Sherlock, enunciate.”
“Sherlock. Eat.”
In the other room, they’re wrapping the girl in an orange blanket, turning her face from the world. It doesn’t merit saying.
“I am the head of this operation,” replies Lestrade almost immediately. John clears his throat to mask a laugh.
“Run,” he says. “Sherlock. Run.”
John frowns. “I don’t understand what you’re asking. Nothing.” He bends back over his paperwork. “I was thinking. Just thinking. Nothing more. You of all people should understand being lost in thought.”
That’s alright. They don’t have to.
He spares a few pounds for a coffee. The barista stares. She has not seen real mint coins for a long time and ogles at the weight of the cool metal in her palm. She had her pen poised to mark off the ration booklet and now hides it away in her breast pocket in embarrassment. She hands him his coffee. John thanks her sympathetically and wanders back onto the streets.
“What do you want?”
“Goodnight, John,” he manages, shuts his eyes. Silence stretches between them, and then Sherlock feels a hand come to rest at his forehead, feels fingers tentatively smoothing back his hair. His heart stutters.
His thumb has trapped John’s pulse, and it screams in panic. Panic must be the explanation. It must be set free. Yes, panic. No other possibility but panic. That is why it beats so frantically. Sherlock drops his wrist. His own blood rushes.
“Do you really?” His voice betrays nothing more than faint interest. John runs both hands through his hair in exasperation.
They are friends with Death, too.
John sits back on his heels, thinking about all the talk he’s heard about blankness. The entry in his medical encyclopedia is negligible: nobody really understands it. But there is talk. Always talk. And the talk is—well, the talk makes John surprised that no trickle of fear slips up his spine as he sits gazing at Sherlock now. He blames it on the paleness because it’s easier that way.
It’s the strangest thing. Sherlock dreams again. More concretely than ever – skylines, exact faces, memories for the first time in his life. And very little changes anymore. It’s only tiny details, now, if anything at all. Maybe it’s because there was truth in what John said. Maybe it’s because Sherlock’s arrived at a conclusion of his own.
John ushers the new patients away. He glances back over his shoulder, but Sherlock shakes his head. He cannot bear to follow. Not now. First he must think. He always must think. He hopes John will understand. He laughs miserably. Of course he will understand. He is John. John is extraordinary.
Mycroft is the cold, the aloof, the angry, the inheritance. Molly is confusion, unhappiness, admiration. His mother is the bitterness, the indignance. Sally is the broken, the lost, the misunderstood. Irene is the unattainable, the incorrect, the sensuous. It falls into place. The pieces of his heart. He begins to understand that each represents a facet of himself, with one exception.
Other things Sherlock does not do: dishes, laundry, friendly “good-mornings” and “good-nights.” Or sleep, as far as John can tell; catnaps on the couch don’t count. He does shower, and in fact he irons his clothes. Suits and suits and suits, all black, and his beautiful silk shirts. He does his hair, too. It’s strange, because John gets the sense he hates living in a body—having to feed it, wash it, plaster it with nicotine patches and put it to rest every twelve (thirty-six, forty-eight, sixty, seventy-two) hours—and yet he is meticulous about that body’s outward appearance. Strange. He’s strange. That’s all there is to it.
A little boy. He is crumpled. He’s sick; there’s a rash. It’s too much. There is an older boy, sneering:
The dance eases; silence clings to the room, to Irene and Sherlock’s bodies. It’s over, but it does not feel merciful to John. On Irene’s face there is something almost light, a sort of sharp and expanding comprehension. A not-quite-sunrise.
“Will there be a ceremony?” he asks anxiously. Sherlock actually laughs aloud and the sound is a mixture of relief and happiness and exasperation.
“Just this morning,” interrupts Sherlock glassily. “She was mad with pain and fever. Just this morning, she was…” He swallows. Up until this point his observations have blocked the fear that has been rising in his throat. Now terror is obstructing his voice. He swallows again. “She was seized by spasms, then more pain, then morphine, if you don’t recall, doctor.”
Then, the door bursts open.
He woke screaming. His mother put her hand on his forehead and told him to stop pretending. Molly wasn’t real. His fixation had become abnormal. His cries died in his throat. Abnormal. That name stuck, too. He would believe his mother for twenty years, until he met Molly again in a morgue. How ironic that, years later, she would make him fall again. But that’s far off yet. Now is what matters.
Mycroft looks down, taps his umbrella against his shoe. Then he meets John’s gaze again: inscrutable, not haughty or amused, not anything at all. Analytical, removed. John expects to feel afraid—that gaze is objective, which means it is a degree removed from human—but instead he finds that defiance washes over his skin, runs down his shoulders and onto his hands. It lingers. Mycroft looks at him. At the color.
Sherlock dips his chin. “It’s late. Shall we fetch some dinner first? Italian, perhaps?” He pauses. “For…old time’s sake, that is.”
“She just existed,” begins the old man. “She was there in the morning and still there in the afternoon and in the evening and stealing my pillow at night. I breathed for her and she breathed for me. I’m sorry, it’s hard to describe…” His voice swells with a chuckle. “We never talked about it much, you see. We didn’t have to. We were rubbish for words, anyways. We knew each other as we knew ourselves. She was familiar like the back of my hand. Is that the old saying? Or was it different?” He shakes his head. “Irrelevant. She was always there. Her presence grew to be both as essential and unnoticed as…as the presence of my heart, or my lungs. We never remember that they’re there keeping us alive.” He smiles. “They simply are. They just exist. So did she.”
“It is a distraction from a certain way of knowing things, that is. But John. I spent three years without you, and I may…something, rather…it’s occurred to me, and I am—well.”
“It can’t be,” sighs John. Sherlock is unimpressed, because he has already seen John submit to reality. He saw the break in his expression, and now he is staring into the clumsy repair job. The human face is an accumulation of scars. And who was it that once said that the eyes were the window to the soul? Irrelevant. The face is the portrait of the heart. For most people, that is. And in this case John falls into that category. But that’s alright. So does Sherlock, to an extent.  So does everyone. And he can hardly fault John for being a part of
Sherlock grabs him by the shoulders, holds him up, and John doesn’t push him away. He simply feels the pressure of his fingertips, faint through the fabric of his coat and yet world narrowing, or consuming, maybe; they are a minute immensity, everything. Sherlock is still reeling from the punch, but he won’t let John go. Only when John can stand again, somewhat steady though not entirely, never entirely, does Sherlock drops his hands, and then he does not touch him again, though he stays very close.
- and in any case it is no longer safe to wander the streets. There is no law, not yet, but rather an implicit curfew. Doors lock. Lights burn all night. Even in their sleep the citizens of London keep vigil for the crackle of gunshots, the low groan of a grenade, the dull shout of a soldier, dying or running or exalting his victory, who knows? Nobody wants to anyways.
The slow onset of madness only sharpens John. His fingers fly over every stitch. He breaks bones and snaps them back into place and ties tourniquets with his teeth. He no longer wastes the morphine because he can smell when a young man will die. He can feel the air thicken. He can hear Death chuckle in satisfaction. He fancies he can even see him bend over the mattress and take the tormented face in one hand to close the eyes forever. Worst of all he begins to see the mercy therein. And so they have become the best of friends.
Silence. They hold each other’s gaze for a long, long moment, until John feels suddenly panicked, frantic to say something, for words to break whatever strange shapeless thing it is that gathers between them.
Death follows him onto the army helicopter. The pilot smiles and drops a few jokes as easily as he might a spoonful of cream into coffee. He only does transports from one base to another and so he has not seen the twisted faces of the young recruits strewn dead in the soft golden folds of the dunes. He has not seen the women broken on the pavement still clutching the hands of their children. He has not seen the wasteland of the desert. He has heard a lot about Death, but has yet to shake his hand.
“What for?”
“Oh. I see. Forgive me.” And he extends his hand to John. “Doctor Gregory Lestrade. Very pleased to meet you. I do apologize for my rudeness.”
“Fuck off, Sherlock,” he spits. “Like you could ever understand love.”
It is one of those mornings when he and John wake up on opposite sides of the bed; late on a Saturday with rainy sunlight trickling through the windowpane to puddle silver on the floor. Sherlock is comfortably warm. John is quiet except for the rise and fall of his shoulders, the whisper of his breathing across the pillow. His back is turned. Sherlock – unsettled by having lived so long in a world he doesn’t remember - wants to reach for him, to touch the anchor in the dream, absorb his tangibility. He rises onto one elbow.
Sherlock rolls over and closes his eyes. He feels the mattress sink and the sheets draw more tightly across the bed. John fumbles noisily with the lamp for a time, and then they are enveloped in darkness. The silence is fractured by his breathing; he is far from sleep. For the first time it occurs to Sherlock that they will eventually have to perform sexual intercourse. Oh.
If Sherlock noticed the meticulousness with which John pries his clinging fingertips from his sleeves—not wanting to move the fabric, for him to see the blue shot through with every ugly color in the universe—he does not mention it in the morning. Instead, John makes tea, and when Sherlock comes downstairs, they have breakfast in silence. It is a careful, built-up thing, and it is so very unlike them. John reads the paper until he can’t bear it anymore. He can’t forget the implication in her voice.
John lurches upright and the medical dictionary falls to the floor. He swears quietly and picks it up, flipping once through the pages without really seeing them. He throws it onto the couch and runs a hand through his hair.
Sherlock puts down the bow of the violin. “Why’s that? I never dream. They’re right.”
John.”
John spits out a laugh.
“It is under. Control.”
“Sherlock,” says John.
Sherlock raises an eyebrow. “Me?” He sits back in the armchair. “I don’t require any, and if I did I would provide it for myself.” He swallows. “But thank you, I suppose.”
Sherlock opens his mouth to speak, but the words die, John can see them die on his lips, can imagine their crumpled bodies falling into the narrowness between them, and isn’t that just perfect for them, those tiny deaths before this comes into being, whatever it is, before John looks at Sherlock there is dying, words dying, words becoming nothing in those several heartbeats before they meet each other’s eyes and John lifts Sherlock’s wrist, which he is still holding, with its jumping pulse, before John lifts Sherlock’s wrist which he is still holding with its jumping pulse and to the culmination of his skeleton, the tender small meeting places of bone and skin, presses his mouth and sucks.
But who?
Molly turned to him. Her skin looked slippery and her eyes were filmed over. A forceful shiver coursed through Sherlock.
Sherlock Holmes, in blue.
“That was,” says Sherlock. “An error.”
He grips the counter for a long moment. The throat clearing doesn’t even matter. John must have already given away too much. Was it an experiment, then, their fingers brushing? He aches as he takes plates out of the cabinet, forks from the drawers. John Watson’s Heart, A Dissertation. He tries to tell himself that it doesn’t matter, that nothing will change; even if Sherlock knows everything, he won’t care. It’s not like he’ll kick John out of the flat. It’s not like—Christ, John breathes, fuck. It’s not like he’ll take him away. From here. From him.
Blank.
John opens the fridge. Knuckles. Human. Half-frozen: unfreezing. Not there last night. Well. He butters Sherlock’s uneaten toast.
“She’s my girlfriend, Sherlock! I won’t stand for you to speak about her like that.”
.” Sherlock’s voice strikes out beats: even, unforgiving. “Just give me the facts.”
Mike beams at him, satisfied, and John is not surprised. Not even as he feels the paleness lapse back into place, sucking away the color into the non-shadow that feels so starkly visible to him that it almost makes him wonder how anyone on earth could possibly believe that he was alright, that it really mattered to him where he lived and with whom and if at all.
And then he is laughing. He is laughing and laughing and laughing. He can’t stop. Survival runs all the way to his very fingertips. His stomach aches with it. Survival, even if for only one more day. Gold and gold and gold and gold.
“It was simple,” he says. “Even you would have known.”
“Yes, yes, whatever you—whatever you want. Just leave me, now.”
Oh, what Sherlock would give to hear his name!
John waits. Quiet. He drums his fingers against the counter.
Sherlock meet his eye for a long moment, and John wills it away—green, the fester of it, the brewing storm. Finally, Sherlock looks away. Expression inscrutable. Again, it is terrible.
When Sherlock speaks again, it is quieter, but no less terrible.
He touches his cheek. “Let’s go upstairs.”
She smiles thinly. He ignores her and empties the rest of the liquid from the pipette. He lifts the test tube and chuckles as it exhales a slender finger of smoke. He swirls it gently. The smoke dissipates. Interesting. Most scientists would jot down notes. Most would fill journal upon journal with their findings. And after that most would strut about bubbling over about their discoveries. They would strip off every last bit of value by rattling facts away for the price of a few impressed looks. Disgusting.
“Mustn’t you be going as well, John?” Sherlock gestures vaguely to the darkening clinic. “They have a night staff.”
“Entirely famished, of that much I can assure you.” He opens the door with a grandiose sweep of the arm. “After you, my dear Watson.”
Irene reaches into the pocket of her uniform and extracts a slip of government-issued paper. “Best that we save ourselves both the time, wouldn’t you agree?” She unfolds the paper. “You know what this is.”
?” He gestures to the trio of test tubes suspended in the center of the glass case. “What sort disease is that?”
John turns on the telly.
“Apology accepted,” replies Irene coolly. “It was as much a risk to assign Sherlock.”
“And I, you,” he lies. Sherlock looks at him sharply. John ignores him. “Rumor has it you’re quite handy with the pipette.”
John blinks and shakes his head. “If you’re referring to that rubbish about…” He pauses. “Well, I’m not even quite sure what it was about myself. Something about humanitarian groups and biology. It’s truly all a load of rot to me.” He is lying, but only a little. “As you can see, I’m not much of a threat.” He shrugs. “No need to waste energy. Nothing but a regular old army doctor here, after all.”
She has no papers, no parents. Not uncommon nowadays. Perhaps her family was killed in the last raid. Perhaps the father is off fighting and the mother was shot by a stray bullet. Perhaps she is a stranger in London and she saw them all slaughtered in some faraway village. In any case they hand her off to John. He’s worked on the front. He has experience in these things. Doesn’t he? He wonders how much experience is enough. Never enough. The little girl clings to his neck.
“Every single one, and in the correct sequence. She died last night. We came back and there she was. Dead. Her skin was already yellowing.”
blue? When will you find someone who wakes that color up inside of you, and what will you and your spouse partner lover best friend say to each other when you do? Or (and maybe this one is worse) what will you say to each other if you never do, if you live the rest of your lives with the color of afternoon sky on your skin? Slowly, slowly going dark?
Later—and now, they are in a place again where the days and weeks and months blur, and the only units that John can think of to describe time are things like sometime, before, after, later, ambiguous and smooth in their hands, and it is wonderful—Mycroft comes by.
– but John seems oblivious to his lapse of composure, and he has the time to deduce that the place is nothing more than an old haunt. It is shabby and John is relaxed, and the owner booms and beams at them fondly. It is nowhere special, just familiar. Or so it should be. He is relieved when they return to the flat, the more sharply-defined reality.
Moriarty waltzes onto the scene and extends his hand to Sherlock for a dance. His fingers ghost the trigger. John is gasping for air. Sherlock can taste the acrid flavor of his fear. His heart pounds. John. It is John who hangs in the balance. And yet it is also John who lunges for Moriarty, clutches death close to his chest, begs for Sherlock to run with a wild look consuming his face. Love drives him. He will die for it.
“Hmm.”
He is bent over a microscope. Long spiderlike fingers—pale. A girl is with him. He is not curious about John; no darts of silver fly out from beneath his fingernails when he takes his phone, turning it over in his palm.
And then Sherlock meets John’s eyes, and every point in him sharpens to a near unbearable focus.
He is blank.
“Holmes!” shrieks the man at the light switch. “This is illegal!”
It is a fragile thing indeed.
John looks down. He laughs miserably and presses two fingers to his temple. Sherlock watches him curiously.
Thanks so much for reading!
“John,” says Sherlock, beckoning him over. “Do come and introduce yourself. This is Molly Hooper, my top research assistant.”
“Have you really?”
It’s a cliché, but they say that the smallest pebble begins the avalanche. Unaware of its own enormity, the tiny thing shifts out of place by a millimeter, or not even so much. Perhaps it was prey to caprice. Perhaps there was no reason at all. In any case, it happened. It moved. There is an inhale. An unsteady exhale. An irregular heartbeat. The world pauses. Blinks. Bates its breath. Watches. And one by one the stones begin to tumble.
John will sleep.
At some point, the indistinct grey shroud of evening falls over the shoulders of London. John orders food, turns on the telly, sets the kettle on the stovetop. When he sits down again, Sherlock unthinkingly shifts closer and grazes his temple with his lips. John stares at him. His throat convulses in a swallow. And then he kisses Sherlock.
The little girl is dead. Her body is still warm. The little girl is dead and her body is still warm. It is her wrist. Her wrist is warm in the circle of his index finger and thumb. Warm but silent. The song of her pulse has ended but the last chord still echoes through her body. Warmth in the beat of the blood. Warmth in the slowing tempo. Warmth in the rhythm through her veins. The metronome clicks to a stop. They were the first to hear. She was usually so still that the nurses would not give a second thought if her bed were to fall silent.
But he supposes that will change, too. Once the plane takes off.
They’ve just had dinner. Takeaway: Sherlock picked at John’s curry noodles while his pineapple fried rice grew cold, and John pretended to get mad but didn’t care at all—used to it, so used to so many things by now, and that is wonderful too, the luxury of familiarity. Sherlock is standing by the window, staring absently outside. The door clicks, and John looks up from his blog, watches as a tongue of irritation flares over the back of Sherlock’s neck, in tune with the sound of his brother’s footsteps. It’s beautiful. It always is.
And because of it, Sherlock is reintroduced to fear.
“You can’t even see them, can you?”
Things cannot stay the way they are. They must change. Such is the nature of the universe. War cannot last forever. Neither can life. Neither can sickness nor health. He opens his eyes and looks at John. He is at work, bent over his clipboard with worry creasing his brow. Death is at his shoulder. A watchful shadow.
Now that he has discovered his role in this intricate theatre of unfamiliar faces, Sherlock must do all he can to play the part well. He is not daunted but rather intrigued by the idea. The flat is not uncomfortable and John is not unlikeable; perhaps he can hollow out a space for himself here, regardless of his memory. And even if he cannot, at least he can enjoy the thrill of experimentation for a time.
“You’re dead.” He dug his hands into his hair. He kept saying it. Dead. Dead. And he wouldn’t stop saying it until they shut him away. He wasn’t worth much, anyways. He was never on leave. He dropped out, addicted to heroin, not cocaine. He was insane. Delusional. Neurotic. A freak. A sociopath. He wouldn’t sleep. He just wanted his violin but they wouldn’t give it to him.
Irene smiles, but the expression doesn’t touch her eyes. She seems distant. “Wonderful. Now be off with you.” She picks up her slender pole and gestures to the map. She nudges at the wooden pieces that lie strewn haphazardly across the table. “As you can see, I’m enormously busy.”
John closes his eyes.
When John gets Sherlock home, he tries to talk; he lolls against John’s neck, elastic with the drug, and his breath is hot, unbearably hot, and John hates him a little bit, for being so close and breathing and for making it all so, so impossible. He is wrestling him upstairs, and he is trying to talk, and it is not working, and John is praying that all the color he can feel living on his skin does not flush past his clothes because it feels to him, in that moment, that it would be the end of everything.
“The colors.”
They hurry inside.
Sherlock, still standing rigid at the door, gives him the shortest, slightest nod.
have gotten caught, never, if it wasn’t for—well, he almost forgets, every time. That it makes him like this.
Sherlock can only nod. He does not trust himself to speak; he has not yet ascertained how people expect his character to react, how they expect him to look at the world. The man does not seem alarmed; he only runs one hand through his hair and opens his mouth again.
He stopped dreaming ideas. He stopped dreaming anything at all. He didn’t sleep much. Still doesn’t. It’s a habit he won’t break, no matter how much John tries.
John soon joins them with three cups of coffee and a tray of sugar cubes. Sherlock wants to kiss him. But more than that, he wants to
He had to protect himself. Thought was the only way he knew how. He hated to be humiliated. He didn’t want anyone to know that the world changed when he slept. Sometimes, yes, just little things like the wallpaper or the color of his pet canary, but other times big things like a whole older brother, packaged complete with a personality and a web of memories that had ensnared everyone but Sherlock.
Now John closes the book, leans over to put it on the bedside table, and takes his cup of tea and sips it once, twice, before he puts it down again.
his eyes fluttering open, smell his confusion as he orients himself, taste his surprise at finding arms snaked around his waist and curls pressed against his neck. John has become all five of his senses. Sherlock draws him closer. Six months in a cloudy world. Without John Watson, the agony of unfamiliarity might have sapped him of strength long ago.
John easily becomes immersed in these memories. In the public opinion this is his greatest failing as a doctor. Too easily affected, they say, too easily lost. Soft and malleable around the edges like worn modeling clay. Usually only Sarah can shake him from the claws of his past. Her hand on his shoulder is cool and wakes him from the desert wasteland and the invisible scar of blood.
He can hear and see it plainly. They bring the child inside bent between their arms like a stick broken at the middle. His limps swing limp and bloodstained. He is still breathing. But the sound whistles. They take him to John. They know that John is soft. A faceless official spots them and darts to the side of the bed.
Sherlock could scream with frustration. “The sodding
Morphine. A fresh supply came not a few days ago. John has some difficulty finding a vein beneath the blood and dust and sweat, but eventually he can press the needle into the skin. He pushes down on the syringe with his thumb. The boy winces and then his face falls slack again. John needs a sponge. He calls a nurse. She looks at him doubtfully, but does as he asks, and soon beads of water runs down the boy’s forehead, tiny rivulets that gradually carve away the mask of filth and blood. He has been wounded in so many places that John dares not count. He can only hope to make him comfortable.
“Afghanistan or Iraq?”
“Yes.” And their faces are close, so close, and no. No no no. “Not like us at all.”
Another sigh accompanies the arrival of a young woman who trips to a halt with her medical coat expanding around her like the awkward wings of a fledgling.
When Sherlock is almost healthy, when he has learned his way around the flat and can flawlessly tune himself to the expectations of others, they eat at the breakfast table together and fight over the newspaper. John surrenders if Sherlock will eat half an egg. Sherlock concedes and John smiles with warmth that he can
“What, because you’re blank? Of all things, that’s what Mycroft’s afraid of?”
Sherlock shakes his head. She drops her hand. “Like a fool,” he replies. “I’m afraid I’m rather unaccustomed to the feeling.”
Make it stop.”
Ah. Hopes dashed, then. Oh well. Another day.
Afghanistan itself: all of those things, and laughter.
“I’m alright, I think,” he says, because John’s not saying anything.
He sinks into the sand and buries his face in his hands. The heat soaks through his canvas trousers and sears blisters into the skin of his knees. The cries of the injured soldier grow fainter and fainter. The rattle of Death comes into his voice. And oh, if war ruins a man then to be a war doctor opens him up and examines his insides and rearranges them a bit and sews the skin back together with jagged black stitches. John tastes and touches Death and Death tastes and touches John. It is a careful surgery. The most intimate of connections. The closest friendship and the most possessive friend. It is not often, after all, that Death lets himself be forgotten.
Sherlock turns his face, and he is looking at the window; the light slants through the curtain, cuts across one of his eyes, down his cheek.
“We’ve got a night left.” He glances back at the infirmary, at the rows and rows of beds filled with the sick, the soon to be dead. “Might as well make the most of it.”
Sherlock nods. “I don’t.” One corner of his mouth twitches. “Unless it’s true. And it is. I should know. I can read you like a book, after all.” He pauses. “I know that you don’t like to sleep because the war troubles you. And I know that you don’t turn away in spite of all that, because you need the war. I know that you eat only because you have to. I know that you breathe, however, because you still can. You see it all as a privilege, a gift. But you hate it. Such an interesting viewpoint.” He shifts again, laces his fingers together on his knee. “And besides, you’ve started to see him, too.”
Blue. If you see two people walking on the street with that color on their hands, you can’t help it: your heart curls with envy, with shame. If you’re with your partner, it’s even worse to see it, because you can’t not look at each other and wonder why you don’t look the same. And even though you know better—it happens all the time, plenty of us never feel it, and people can be happy without it, people
He has also discovered the circumstances of his malady: apparently, he had been conducting a dangerous experiment when the chemicals reacted incorrectly. He fainted from the fumes and struck his head quite badly on the edge of the kitchen table. He suffered a concussion, explained the doctors, but nothing worse. He has to keep from laughing when he hears this.
Blank. Sherlock is blank.
Silence. Long.
Sherlock frowns.
Blue. In old films, black and white, the best actors could conjure a flush onto their skin, and because every shade was grey you could trick yourself into believing it, even though a part of you knew that it wasn’t really there, of course it wasn’t, of course not. Then came technicolor, and for a while that did hurt the magic. It was impossible to believe that the afternoon sky of affection or the cerulean glow of friendship smoothing over an actor’s skin could be anything deeper. It became custom to simply suspend your disbelief, because everyone knew it didn’t say anything about the performance. Feeling something like that is impossible to feign. Maybe it’s better that way.
Adler purses her lips. “Do you really believe it’s gotten out, Sherlock?”
“Did you know, Sherlock,” says John at some point, “that people who don’t dream are considered dangerously sociopathic? No emotions to project, no desires…it’s funny, now, to think that people call you that.”
It’s winter. The light is sharp, focused, illuminating the lattice patterns of frost on the windows. He’s wrapped in a stiff wool coat. He’s still on the couch, but he feels an enormous sense of hollowness. He hears footsteps on the stairs. The lock trembles. John walks into the sitting room and drops the groceries. A bag of apples spills across the floor. Sherlock doesn’t know what to say, what world he’s woken into, and neither does John, it seems.
He turns back to the body.
“Positively adorable,” he murmurs. The laughter fades from his voice. “Thank you, John.” He takes him by the collar and kisses him briefly. Their fingers wind together.
Mycroft rolls his eyes.
“Who are you?” screamed Sherlock. He wiped his mouth on the edge of his sleeve and spat a glob of bloody spit onto the grass. The older boy was crimson with pain and rage. He clutched at his hand but jewels of blood slipped between his fingers anyways.
But he and Sherlock do not need words.
He does not know how it starts. But it starts.
Sherlock looks at him dubiously. “I’ll always be pale.” But he takes up his knife and fork and cuts into the chicken. The measured flicker of his delicate fingers over the utensils gives John the odd suggestion of a surgeon at his scalpel. Finally Sherlock puts the fork into his mouth and chews. He swallows and his entire throat seizes with the movement. John follows with his gaze. Sherlock tilts his head to the side expectantly.
And so his life begins anew.
a distraction.”
They fall silent and the television and the rain color the space between them.
“But if the world actually acted on each and every
No, no. The bomb falls away. Of course not. And John rubs his wrists, praying the color (blue magnified and leering, brilliant in its desperation, swimming in deep pits of yellow, yellow fear) won’t bleed past his sleeves. He assesses the pain. Says thank you, Sherlock, thank you. Gruffly. Sherlock smiles (rare, relieved, grateful, surprised, question mark), but then his eyes widen, and John knows that the tiny red circle—leering, electric light, no feeling at all—that is suddenly trained on Sherlock’s forehead is reflected on his own.
He wakes John and tells him that he’s ready. He’ll take the chance.
“Government,” he says.
In dreams, he faces the leer of blood, and finds no brightness in waking.
It’s a waste. Lie. It’s essential, but he won’t go into the science. He doesn’t need it. Another lie. He’s human, no matter what they say. It’s boring. Still lying. That one’s the most preposterous. It’s not boring. Not at all. But he can’t explain the real reason. Not because of social stigma. Not because of fear. He honestly can’t. It’s maddening.
Sherlock gazes at him emptily. His brow furrows. Neither of them considers their current situation: injured at the crumpled ruins of an old swimming club. The police are probably already halfway there.
Sherlock only just begins to believe him when Moriarty returns for another dance. The next few moments are a whirlwind. Then he is pointing his gun at the pile of explosives. He is pointing the gun and John is reaching for his hand. Their fingers are winding together. He can feel the trigger digging deeper and deeper into his skin. The slightest pressure would do it. John presses down on his palm with one hand.
“You already know, of course, that I have trouble, sometimes. Holding it all in.”
A stranger, how could he have believed anything different.
“What’s gotten into you, eh?”
“Delightful.” And—there, right there. Sherlock might be smiling. “Now, would you please make yourself useful and help me staunch the flow?”
“Right, how could I forget? How like you to adhere to the common timetable for human sentiment. You can’t love someone ordinary after just a few months because it is not ordinary to love someone after so little time. No—it is dangerous, irresponsible,
Neither brother so much as looks at him; so little he knows, apparently. True to his word, Mycroft only stays to finish his tea, then he sweeps away, thanking John profusely for his kindness, which would be refreshing for a Holmes if John didn’t know that he only does it to see the rage gather on Sherlock’s temple. It is a little bit funny, to be fair. How his fingertips almost (almost) bruise from how hard he steeples them.
At one point, John remarks on how much calmer life has become, and Sherlock can only give a noncommittal nod. How should he know what life was before?
“Sorry,” he mumbles. Sherlock rolls his eyes.
At first, he looks at Mycroft and thinks that they are the same. His heart pounds. It’s genetic, then? He can’t recall. Mycroft catches his gaze and a brief bright tongue of amusement (goldenrod, flat, not shimmering and unsteady like laughter) stabs up his neck, as if on cue.
John raises an eyebrow. “Really?”
But that wasn’t true. Not at all. It was only fear. The cruel twists and turns of reality had hardened Sherlock. His heart terrified him. It threatened to destroy him. Everything was so risky. His universe was so changeable. Dependence on another was not reliable. He had warned himself against love, admiration, attachment. But he met Sally and he forgot.
John files the report, and thinks nothing of it.
And rather than look at John, he tips back the plastic cup and drains it.
“I know, Sherlock.” Irene’s voice is sharp enough to draw blood. “And she exhibited them all, didn’t she?”
“I see them all, John,” he says. “I just don’t trust them.”
“I had a sandwich around noon,” says John. He turns the page of his medical dictionary. Sherlock knows that he isn’t really reading. “Nothing else since, so I’m a bit peckish, I must admit.”
When John finally has the strength to lift his face it is midmorning and the mattress is empty.
“Well?”
He bites down on his lower lip. “Well, we both know the kind of security we keep,” he begins, breathless. “A breach would be next to impossible. And into the water supply? How? It’s improbable. In all actuality, a coincidence is more feasible.” He inhales unsteadily. “A coincidence is more feasible.”
He hopes he will be busy.
There is no small talk; the feeling grabs hold of him without so much as an introduction. It possesses him. It fills his mouth and nose and eyes and ears. He is fixated on John, on the tiny red dot wavering on his forehead. He sees his own expression reflected on his face when Moriarty grins and his eyes flicker upwards momentarily. It is not hard to deduce.
John answers as best he can.
“I’m sorry, sorry. I just wanted to…”
And for once, Sherlock cannot deduce what he was about to say. Naturally, he is immediately seized by a desperate curiosity, but he does not act upon it. He only nods slightly and fixes his gaze on the television, trying to drown himself in the blur of color and sound.
Sherlock wants to cheer. How stupid he was to even so much as consider that John might ask something so useless as what’s that or what are you studying. If only he could answer such an astute question as it rightly deserves.
“Drawing blood,” says Sherlock. “Obviously.”
Reality is fluid. It’s a river of time and perception. Nobody sees that it’s full of eddies and unexpected currents and drop-offs into cold pockets of water. It’s a human invention. The construction is impeccable. The water is deep and dark and carefully layered with fluxes of time and space. It flows smoothly. For the rest of the world it’s straightforward, an aesthetic miracle, continuous and trustworthy. But there’s an aberration. A branch lodged in the mud of the river bottom. The water parts easily, but the branch trembles. It’s about to snap beneath the force of the current.
He wakes parched. The nurse brings him a plastic cup of water and he drinks desperately. He sets the cup down on the nightstand and glances at the other bed in the room. An old man is sleeping beneath the starched white sheets. Not John. Sherlock deduces his illness to hide his disappointment. His face is ravaged and grey as ash; the rise and fall of his chest is labored. One of his knurled hands is curled into the sheets. A gold band glints on his ring finger; it has not been polished in years, but Sherlock cannot bring himself to believe that he was an adulterer. He decides instead that his wife died years ago and he has been slowly wasting away from grief ever since.
“Never showing, never telling?”
“I only played the first few measures.”
it. Icarus! A joke but. Well. And the sun—rays, fine white lines. Nostrils burning. God damn it god damn it god damn it. The detective inspector, his brow broken, disappointed, the dark ashy swirling shade of it, what does he
It is strange because they are so different from one another in almost every way, but sitting together in the pool of light cast by the desktop lamp, John does not feel far away from Sherlock. Rather he feels impossibly close, as though they somehow overlap at the edges without so much as lifting a finger to touch one another. This is illogical, because Sherlock is the epitome of removed. He does not submerge himself in reality but rather dabbles his toes on the surface, always testing the temperature of the water. At one point John glances at Sherlock and wonders if he is thinking the same thing. He wonders what he might make of it. John himself cannot explain it. It just is. As far as he can tell, they just are.
They killed and dissected mice to see the skeletons. Molly had deft fingers and could name hundreds of bones. Her eyes shone as she worked. A convoluted blue vein cut through the sickly skin of her forehead. She was wickedly smart and told fabulous stories. But she wasn’t a good girl. Perhaps Sherlock wasn’t a good boy. But until sleep washed her away, Molly was the worst.
Sherlock swallows. “No. Why?”
Days pass before it fades.
“I’m so sorry, Sherlock,” he whispers. “If I had known…”
“What is it?”
He sounds almost like he means it—though, perhaps, not about the body. Later, John shoots a man for him. Why? The question remains.
“Glad you’ve slept. It’s been days.” He’s in the kitchen. The rush of water mingles with his voice. “Fancy a cup? Maybe even something to eat?”
“Yes,” he manages finally, and his voice emerges dry and crackling, as if his throat were covered in dust. The man starts. “I’m fine.”
“Lieutenant General Adler.” He turns from the window with a measured smile. In the end, however, he supposes the subject matter does not call for smiling and resigns the warmth to his eyes. He reaches for a crystal decanter of cognac and pours two glasses. The General takes her seat on the other side of the desk. She crosses one leg over the other and accepts the drink.
Halfway there, an enormous explosion rattles the streets. The cab stalls for a moment. The wash of light does not fade for a few seconds. John counts his heartbeats. One. Two. Three. Four. Thudding in his mouth. Then darkness falls. Not long afterwards, the flicker of a searchlight bathes the streets. John jumps, unsettled. In the light he sees Death beside him in the cab, just where Sherlock was sitting. His face is a white glimmer in the dark and he drums his bony fingers on the window. John follows his gaze.
John slips the ring onto his finger. A simple gold band. It fits well.
happy without it—it only gets worse, the questions you both ask yourselves, that neither of you wants to admit to asking. In other words:
Another long silence. When the older boy speaks the timber of his voice cracks, shot through with what he really means. Many hollowed out places and passageways within it. Rare, that.
“Sherlock…” Irene stands and presses her hand to his shoulder. He wonders if he will collapse even beneath such a slight pressure. The fear seems to suck all the substance from his body. He is left a paper shell, easily crumpled, tossed away. Irene drops her voice to a croon.
“Does that not…scare you?”
“No,” says Sherlock, too sharply. “No, don’t.”
“You aren’t serious.”
John chuckles. “I would indeed.” He takes a sip of his beer. “The furthest, I might venture.”
John grabs Moriarty and wins another red dot for Sherlock’s forehead. Relief. Now they both die. It’s not ideal, but at least they won’t be alone. He almost smiles in the face of death, but Moriarty exits the stage before the curtain drops. A breath of silence. So be it. He’ll analyze it later. For now he’s tearing at John, feeling all over to make sure he’s real. John’s gasping and shaking, but he’s alive, warm, tangible.
He didn’t mean to drink so much. He didn’t mean to drowse. He woke to grimy sunlight and a sour taste in his mouth. Footsteps on the stairs. His mother in the doorway. They held each other’s gaze until Sherlock threw his head back.
“Congratulations on the promotion.”
Sherlock is rescued from answering by the cry of the door. A young woman rushes inside; she is a flurry of brown hair and crackling laboratory coat and pinched lips and worry. She jerks to a stop at the rail of the hospital bed, and the man lifts a hand to the small of her back, making a soft hushing sound from the back of his throat. Is she his wife?
At that, Sherlock seems perplexed. John can’t quite believe it, but there it is: Sherlock, paused, like he’s been asked to explain an idiom or proverb for which he had allowed himself to forget the real meaning because it was so obvious that he never thought anyone, not even the most ordinary person in the universe, would ask him to explain. Of course, he often has to explain things, and this disappoints and frustrates him, but right now he doesn’t look angry or disdainful; this isn’t like his deductions, then. Not like when he thinks people should know what he knows, but they don’t, and he knows they don’t. This is—what? In this case, he must assume that they just
He’s too angry to regret it. He storms out. But then—
And he begins to turn away. Sherlock cannot stand it. The look in his eyes. Almost betrayed but not surprised. Of course, you really are frozen. Nothing more than a man of science. Forgive me for thinking otherwise. I won’t forget it again. It’s my job to be human so don’t you worry yourself. Sherlock struggles to reason with the wild spinning of his mind. He is being ridiculous. Of course John has not even taken the time to form such opinions. Nobody notices what Sherlock notices.
Sherlock wants to scream because John is so wrong. He is sucked back to the meeting with Irene, the coded conversation, the temporary excuse. He wants to pull at his own hair and scream. He wants to grip John by the collar and scream at him that not even the slightest fault belongs to him, because if there is any fault at all, then all of it is Sherlock’s. He leaves none to spare. He is greedy and selfish. John may have none. John must be spared.
“It’s a what now?” He nudges the plate forwards. Sherlock remains motionless. “Eat.”
Sixty years. An eternity. Without knowing why, Sherlock asks: “And what was is like? To be with her so long, I mean.”
Sherlock frowns. “Don’t. You have no reason. This is my fault. I involved myself.” He puts his hands in his pockets, drops his gaze to his feet. “I wasn’t expecting…all this.”
He reckons that soon he will know them by heart.
“You want to know,” he says.
“Fine, fine. But you could at least try to be a little sensitive. It’s a child, for God’s sake. An infant.”
John can’t just sit there, he has to speak, has to do something, terrified that otherwise his skin will rupture at the seams in a bright singing excess of emotion even though he knows of course, that such a thing is impossible. For most, at least.
Between kisses and words whispered over pillowcases, wide palms and clumsy fingers, bars of sunlight through the blinds, Sherlock reconsiders an old matter: the inception of each reality, whether the prior is the dream prolonged or the dream cut away, or whether the new extends indefinitely. If only it were possible to bottle dreams in test tubes! Sherlock still can’t make any sense of it, and that’s still disarming, but it’s not so bad, not anymore.
“You have to calm down,” says John, and feels like an idiot right away, of course.
Silence, and then John sighs.
“I…” He stares at the ring. Surprise. Disbelief. Fear of believing. Helpless joy. Fear of joy. More joy. Fear of disappointment. A wild glimpse of hope. “I…is this what I think it is?”
Sherlock laughs.
Donovan pinches the bridge of her nose.
And he goes back to his microscope. Fingers—pale. No. Empty.
And then Moriarty waltzes back onstage, and when the world explodes all John can see is Sherlock and that tiny, tiny breath of color, and then nothing, nothing at all.
Sherlock puts down the violin and meets his eyes. “For waiting so long. I hope you can forgive me. I was only afraid.”
Irene rolls her eyes. “Must you be so dramatic? It doesn’t suit you.” She runs a hand through his hair. “Hush, Sherlock, I can tell you’re thinking. Calm down. Try to stop for a moment. Just stop thinking.”
“I’ll tell him.” He surrenders. “No use souring his opinion of you as well. He grows close to so few.”
John Watson is his husband.
Sherlock picks up the bow and begins to play again.
John laughs.
Sherlock doesn’t even look. He darts to the end of her wrist and back, pinching her sleeve between his thumb and forefinger. Focused.
She seems to bloom at the praise, color flooding her cheeks, her eyes kindling. John smiles sympathetically and takes her hand.
Another pause. Perhaps they are both struggling for words. Or perhaps there is nothing more to be said. John cannot place a name to the feeling. It fills his mouth and throat and heart and lungs and pounds in his very blood. It is familiar but strange at the same time. He does not know what to say. What words he could possibly place in the space between them? Perhaps he’ll never know.
Sometimes you just have to laugh. When you’re with a couple other boys—boys, just boys—and you hear the whistle, feel the heat on the back of your necks. You learn fast, that’s how death feels: hot. Don’t look, don’t look, don’t look. Liquid sun, sweat; the weirdly gentle spray of red, expanding from a body being torn apart like petals unfurling. You and the boys hide behind a rock, or a truck or something, anything, and your shoulders are pressing together and you look at each other and it’s so so intimate because you’re all trying to make sure that each other stays the only thing you ever look at, the only thing you ever remember about this, for the rest of your lives.
“Certainly.”
“It doesn’t matter,” interrupts Sherlock. He’s touched, and that’s dangerous. “It’s alright; it’s how I chose to be. It was selfish, really.”
The lake of sunlight is insubstantial; evening is at hand.
“Freak,” she spat.
He cannot believe it when they tell him that the fighting has spread to Europe, that they want him in London. Impossible. The streets of London are impervious. They are too old and stubborn. The people of London do not die on the streets of London. Guns are not fired on the people of London in the streets of London. Never mind whether the United Kingdom started the war. Such matters are of little importance. One does not make war in the streets of London. One talks of war. One declares war. One plots and schemes and perpetrates war. But one does not make war.
“Have you eaten?” asks John when Sherlock walks into the sitting room. Sherlock stares. John speaks so easily. No discomfort. No need for any sort of obvious and painful transition from acquaintances to flat mates.  They have seen death together. No longer need they heed the call for formalities, regulations, normalized social conduct. They are not normal, after all. How refreshing.
The actors are kissing now. Blue, so blue. And John thinks, how amazing are special effects these days. That he almost believes it.
It is strange and wild and consuming. It is an infection planted in his heart that spreads through his whole body. It is an epidemic. It is the trill of his cellphone in his pocket. It is the moonlight reflecting wanly from the trembling water. But most of all it is John, scarcely able to breathe past the bomb strapped to his chest.
I tried to do as he suggested, I really did. Ever since I was a little boy. But it was so boring, the world was flat, no texture to it, nothing. Every time, I either turned back to my colors, which nearly killed me, or…well, when I got older, to heroin or cocaine, which ultimately had the same effect.”
Sherlock looks over the rim of his teacup. Down at his plate. Back at John.
John eats.
John stares. Sherlock swallows.
“I don’t know,” he lies. Of course they will all die. Such is the magic of the disease. He knows that much better than anyone. But that is another story. One that perhaps he will never be able to confess. In any case, he cannot tell John. For all his fascinating unusual qualities, John is still an ordinary man at heart, and he subsists on hope in much the same way Sherlock does on black coffee and nicotine patches. To take hope away from him would leave him nothing put an empty shell.
John endures it; he was a soldier.
John stirs and Sherlock can
“Okonkwo. Javert. Yutaka Taniyama. Icarus. Well, sort of.”
Sherlock watches her and realizes that the father is dead, he was shot down in combat at least a month ago, but she still hasn’t told the boy because she can’t bear it, she is weak and exhausted, and does not want to hear him cry. He is struck by a profound disgust. When John asks him about it he shakes his head and tells him that it was nothing. John should not be weighed down by the miserable, private insanities of humanity. Such is Sherlock’s lot in life and he will not inflict it upon others. Or at least not upon John. Not unless he asks.
John listens quietly. He’s always been good at that. Sherlock decides to start at the beginning, the very beginning – where else? – and it’s impossibly hard. They’re sitting across from each other in the old armchairs and the afternoon sun forms a lake of light between them.
“I don’t know.”
Apart? John won’t. He won’t. Still, he can’t help it; he goes to Sherlock’s room. He is sitting on the end of the bed, staring at nothing. When John comes in, he looks up, then down again. Strange, that he looks and then looks away. He never does that.
“They do little else.”
Sherlock wants to tell John why he forgot the solar system. He wants to explain that he can’t be bothered to mind something so vast, that could be changed so minutely every morning. It’s not worth it. He wants to confess that he doesn’t sleep during cases because he can’t wake up to a different set of details and have to start fresh. He’s brilliant, but he can’t handle that. He wants to explain that he performs the experiments, the ones with body parts and acid, because sometimes he wakes up and can’t
“No, don’t be ridiculous. This has nothing to do with you.” He closes his eyes for a long moment. Tries to measure his breathing. It is difficult. He opens his eyes again. “I’m sorry. I’m so sorry.”
He swallows. He knows that colorlessness is not the same as paleness. The next thing he thinks he knows he shouldn’t think but he can’t help it.
“I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you.” John realizes that he must have sobbed the words, in the middle of it all. “God Sherlock I love you I love you I love—”
He jots down his notes in the corners of his minds and catalogues them in the endless annals of his subconscious. Symptoms. Spread. Name. Latin roots. Time of death. Cure. Evolution. The most prestigious science journals would throw themselves at his feet for the slightest snippet of his discoveries. He divulges nothing. He sees no reason to do so. Other people would not understand. To explain would be a waste. Ordinary scientists would be baffled. Then they would want to know where the notebooks were. They would stare in bewilderment when he tapped his own temple with a smirk. Ordinary. Dense human beings. Uninventive. Science is a living art. Anything but ordinary.
Blue. There must be a thousand sonnets written about it.
Sherlock nods and John stares into his lap. They are both supposed to leave early the next morning, along with the rest of Sherlock’s research crew, just a few hours after Angelo. They were even assigned to the same airplane. John might add that he highly suspects that Sherlock’s mysterious and allegedly powerful brother had a hand in that arrangement. But that hardly matters anymore. Mycroft went to such trouble for nothing. John won’t be there. Sherlock will go alone. He has agreed to cover for him. He will escape and John will stay. Simple.
– and strokes her forehead again. Her brow contorts beneath the brush of the back of his knuckles. Her fingers are knotted in the sheets.
“Mycroft? Apologize?”
They were four years old. She had translucent skin and bulging eyes and her upper lip jutted over the lower, lending her mouth a wicked quirk. They met as neighbors and became fast friends, explored the countryside, built forts, told stories, lied, skinned their knees, nicked sweets from the pantry, everything. Her ideas were never good, but they were always interesting. She was a strange girl and Sherlock was a strange boy. It fit.
“Back to the flat, then?”
“Three years. Three years and you have the…” His shoulders tense, and he’s grabbing Sherlock’s collar, screaming. “Three years and you have the goddamn
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “You really are daft,” he murmurs fondly. “What else would it be?”
. In other words, not even I can guarantee your safety.”
“John.” He grabs him by the shoulder. “John, no. You mustn’t. You’re insane.”
“You imagine correctly,” says Irene glassily, reflecting his smirk. “Allow me to repeat myself. Do you know why you’re here?”
John makes a soft sound in the back of his throat, and Sherlock leans his head onto his shoulder, reaches down and tangles their fingers together; the urgent lightness on his cheeks deepens fast into that steady, resilient blue. John buries his nose in his hair. For a moment, Sherlock is still. Then:
Never has he missed his memory so much.
This brings John’s head up again. Sherlock blinks owlishly at him. Then he chuckles.
Irene pats his cheek. “There you have it. Relax. There’s still no cause for alarm. We’ll wait a few days. We’ll wait a few days, and if nothing new shows up, we’ll consider the matter finished. Can you agree to that?”
The absence of a smirk on Sherlock’s face is a gaping wound.
“He wanted to apologize,” says Sherlock.
He braces himself on the edge of the table. “This isn’t the headmaster’s office, Lieutenant General.” He takes an artful pause. “But rather I can only imagine that it’s infinitely worse.”
She holds his gaze.
Then one night they’re chasing down some second-rate criminal—a robbery, an injured child, boring, honestly—and Sherlock is downstairs and John is upstairs, scanning for signs, and a man materializes from the woodwork and he is huge and John is caught off-guard and then he is on the floor and the man’s hands are around his neck, squeezing.
For the first time ever, life develops a rhythm. Sherlock wakes, and at a glance finds the little change – the tear in the sheet, the pan missing from the cupboard, brown eggs replaced by white. He sometimes wanders the flat while John is still asleep, just to be alone with the dawn and his mind. In the end he remains solitary, a creature of habit despite the changeability of his world. He needs time, but later he’s glad to return to John and nestle into the sheets with the morning sun smooth on their skin like gold leaf.
He realizes that it’s getting close, the part he most dreads. He’ll have to tell John about their relationship at some point, but for the time being he darts away, hides, shelters himself with elaborate explanations of his behavior. Why he doesn’t sleep, eat, why he’s so strange and abrasive, why he’s so cold. He’s aloof and precise, a scientist explaining data, but John’s face falls slack, and he puts down his cup, rests his forehead in one hand.
His eyes are sad; he turns to leave. Were Sherlock not so dizzy with pain and shock he would’ve reached out to stop him. He wants to scream in frustration but his throat is cracked and dry. John is wrong. He doesn’t know. He needs to know.
“Of course I—well.”
Blank.
“I do fear that you and I will have to become rather acquainted with one another.” His voice takes on that same surreal tone as before. “Not only am I considerably compelled by…personal curiosity, was that how I put it? I do believe so. But I digress; not only am I considerably compelled by personal curiosity…” He smiles indulgently and curls one hand around the rail of the bed. “To keep a close eye on this little one, but…well, Mr. Watson, though by no fault of your own, you have been rendered somewhat privy to a matter best kept unknown.” He sighs. “By the way, do forgive Anderson. I fear there is no help for him.” Suddenly his eyes are sparkling and it all has quite an effect on his face, playing off the sharp angles impishly. He looks almost childlike. John thinks it terribly strange.
Irene rolls her eyes. “Alright, at this point I’m tired of the game. The symptoms, Sherlock. Don’t they seem a bit familiar to you?”
Night falls and the infirmary quiets. The soldiers either drop into sleep or groan more softly out of fear that they might wake their companions and suffer their resentment. In their white dresses and caps, the nurses seem to be ghosts floating between mattresses that are more like tombstones. John winces at the grim comparison. He had not meant for it to come to his mind. He rubs at his eyes as if doing so might erase the thought.
Like a notebook, like a slate, like a check for anything anyone could imagine Sherlock Holmes might ever want, Irene Adler is blank. Blank and beautiful and brilliant, brilliant; her body flows in long, continuous bands of motion, winding around Sherlock, never quite touching and yet always, always meeting him at every turn, every breath. She leads, drawing Sherlock forwards as if she knew how to magnetize his every capillary and in the network of her own blood beating had installed the necessary poles.
Raindrops clung to Molly’s eyelashes. “Sherlock, what would you do if I pushed you down right now?”
“Boring!” cries Sherlock. He sounds like a child; his last defense, then. “Go elsewhere if you’re only going to exhaust me.”
Blue, so blue, and blank.
John glances at Sherlock. His chin is lifted high in the air so that the sharp lines of his jaw and nose and the shock of his hair obscure his expression. Brooding. So be it. John has to fight down a smirk.
“This is a mess,” says Sherlock before John can speak. “I am truly sorry.”
“Explain, Sherlock,” he says in a low voice, tone steady but wrenched with desperation. “Please, Sherlock. You have to explain.”
“It’s nearly midnight,” he remarks softly. John does not look up from the water. For a time he watches the quivering reflections of the lamps on the surface, studies the trail of light left in the wake of the fat winter moon.
He looks at him with soft eyes.
Mycroft said not to tell anyone. John is not included in
John swallows.
“I ought to thank you again, Sherlock,” he says quietly. He fiddles with the edge of his sweater. “For introducing me to everyone at the clinic, I mean.” He pauses. Sherlock is still. He does not want to move and somehow break his train of thought. As though that were somehow possible! But John plays strange tricks on logic and reason.
The nurses regard Sherlock nervously, perhaps because he as cold and intimidating as he is handsome, or perhaps because he can deduce the last time they made love, with whom, and whether it was satisfying or not, simply from a glance at the color of their lipstick, or the angle of their breasts. To be fair, this would set anyone ill at ease.  It is obvious that Sherlock strikes a brilliant discord with the world. But together he and John seem to create a strange harmony. John is not sure what to make of it, but he finds it pleasant to the ears.
Sherlock nods, heart pounding. Admittedly, he isn’t sure about the bandage, but the rest seems to fit. The nurse smiles.
Sherlock rises slowly to find John already propped up on his elbows. Blood drips from his forehead but he is smiling rakishly. Victory. Sherlock looks at him in relief and he remembers everything; for a moment he cannot move. He groans and presses his face into his hands.  He hears John shift forwards in concern, his hand on his arm:
Sherlock is dizzy. “My apologies.”
“John,” says Sherlock. “Stop.”
Sleeve rolled up. Crescent-moon shapes, delicate, pink (blood), vulnerable. He’s twenty, twenty-five; it doesn’t fucking matter. He’s squatting in darkness, in the old empty room, in darkness. He is squatting and he is ringed, uncertainly, in his own vomit, here and there on the floor—stains, bright pools, red yellow green purple pink gold and oh, fuck it. It doesn’t fucking matter.
“We don’t really know about that.” She glances out the window. “It’s going to get worse no matter what we do. It’s already out. The evacuation will only be a conservative measure.”
Soon there is an ugly murder; John crouches by the body and says the woman was asphyxiated, though there are no fingerprints at her throat, no traces of inhalation. Sherlock struggles to disguise his pleasure. John will have none of it and scolds him, but his eyes shine. They gather evidence, they test theories, and Sherlock berates John when he fails to meet his deductions halfway. They shout and throw things and John banishes Sherlock to the couch several times.
He intends to force Sherlock into explaining. He is not sure how this might be possible, but nevertheless he fully intends to do it. He tries to plan. Words fill his mouth. But then they step into the clinic. Then they step into the clinic. Then they step into the clinic, and the little girl is dead.
“No, John, wait.” He takes a step forwards. John stops. “I’m sorry.”
And yet, a week later they watch telly, and Sherlock sits beside him and their shoulders touch, and remain. And remain, and remain. And then there’s a case and Lestrade is talking and when John crouches by the body Sherlock puts his hand on the nape of his neck for just a second, just a second, but still it’s a miracle that color does not surge and sing against his skin. And John does not look at Sherlock, doesn’t dare, but it keeps happening. It keeps happening. Still, John isn’t stupid enough to think of it as a beginning. Even as the blue blooms so deep on his skin he thinks it might touch the very marrow of his bones. It isn’t a beginning. It can’t be.
John is struck by a strange impulse.
The older boy is sneering, and the little boy is crumpled, and that is the way things are.
“Are you alright?”
“Patches.”
For the first time in what seems an eternity, they do not stay at the clinic overnight. John washes his hands and takes his coat from the pegs in the office. He shakes away the jacket of dust and goes to find Sherlock. He finds him in his shirtsleeves, bent over the counter measuring morphine. The supply shrinks and shrinks every day. At this point the effort is hopeless. Nobody will bring more to the already doomed. Sherlock turns. John knows that at a glance he can deduce everything.
His phone rings late in the afternoon. Later he will take great pains to remember the exact moment, catalogue it meticulously into his mind, make sure that it is filed away in the most important section, where up until that point he only allowed the ghosts of brilliant ideas that never flourished into theories or laws because they were never given time. There is always too much to be done. But that is beside the point. His phone rings late in the afternoon, when John is the most exhausted.
Death watches John dress in fresh civilian clothing. A sweater and khaki trousers are foreign; his callused fingers catch on the soft nap of the fabric. He gazes at himself in the mirror. Bewilderment. There is no dust anymore, no sweat, no ownerless blood on his palms. His shoes are so bold as to shine in the dull light of the military base. He feels naked.
“I know, love. I know.”
The older boy arches a brow.
And then Sherlock hangs up. The clinic is silent. Of course it is an illusion. The air is rent with talk and groans and the rush of footsteps and the almost imperceptible undertone of death. But to him the clinic is silent and the world is still. At some point John appears. He is wiping blood from his hands with a rag. He is absorbed in the job. At long last he looks up at Sherlock. His jaw falls slack.
He hates sleep.
Sherlock collapses into one of the chairs in the waiting room. He puts his face in his hands. The excuse has failed. He cannot ignore it. He cannot delude himself. Three more. They will be dead soon. They will be dead soon and there will be no more escaping. There is no doubt about it now.
John leans up, pressing their foreheads together, and when he smiles, Sherlock is already smiling back.
John frowns. “So it’s some sort of enormous quarantine, then?”
“Matter of interpretation.” He taps his chin. “A better example would be Sylvia Plath. And there’s Marc Anthony…and Cleopatra, of course. Another double. Now there’s an idea! Everything is more fun with a friend, or isn’t that what they say? What about that—Sandra, was it? Or Sarah? She seemed nice, might be available.”
He takes a sip of tea and swallows slowly. “In any case, it’s only that…well, to be honest, I can’t seem to shake her from my head. She pops up in every other thought. It’s a bit maddening, actually.”
Later that night, they almost get caught. By the mother’s killer, who isn’t a trained criminal but twice as cunning. He chases them down alleyways and up fire escapes. It starts to rain, cold and hard; it’s not often that they find themselves chased. The father killed her, of course. Who else would?
He can’t bring himself to care that two Koreas have materialized on the map overnight, not when John opens his arms with a smile. He doesn’t mind that the wallpaper has changed seven times in the last month, not when John is asleep on his chest. It doesn’t matter if Mrs. Hudson has started to speak with a French accent; John’s kissing him, and murmuring something silly about love, and nothing else seems very worthwhile. It’s not so bad. Not at all.
John Watson is not his husband.
John grabs his wrist and leads him into his office. The desk is covered in a chaos of paper, medical documents and histories and visas and birth certificates. John grips Sherlock by the shoulders. His hands are strong. Sherlock wonders if he will snap.
Sherlock shifts. “Perhaps a wise decision.”
“Reality is reality. In the end, it is best not to consider such things.”
“So I decided to act along, invite you into bed with me, hold hands every once in a while, maybe mention our wedding or an anniversary, things like that. I was relieved when it became evident that we weren’t an affectionate couple. There was no need to discuss our relationship. But I was wrong. I was wrong…” He pauses a moment. Something occurs to him and he gazes up at John with wide eyes. “I was wrong, but John…you didn’t push me away. You were always skittish; I just assumed it was part of your personality, but you…you never pushed me away…but why…when I was wrong…” He stops. John’s mouth has formed a thin line. “Oh.”
The uppercase letter is audible. John looks away.
“Okay, I’ll bite. Why, Sherlock, at the tender hour of seven in the morning, are you drawing your own blood?”
For once
He hears Sherlock inhale. A tenuous moment of silence. Finally an exhale. Strong enough to brush warm and soft against the back of his neck. He shivers.
One Sunday, Sherlock wakes late and descends to find a strange man enthroned in their living room instead of familiar John frying eggs at the stove. He stares until John pokes his head from around the corner and gestures at him with a spatula. Sherlock’s stomach turns. Is he supposed to know this man?
He rubbed his arms for warmth. “Shout at you, I suppose.” He tugged at her sleeve. “Let’s go, Molly.”
“I can’t,” he says, “live like this.”
He can be happy like this.
Sherlock gazes at him helplessly, because he doesn’t know what else to do. A moment passes, and John recoils, mumbling an apology. Sherlock begins to understand. The cruel joke takes shape in his mind. John still loves him, and that’s what really matters, but it’s a secret. Fate has a wicked sense of humor.
He does not remember the feeling. In the odd twenty years of his life that he recalls, he never knew it. Perhaps he remembers the occasional flicker of affection for Mycroft; there was also some warm sort of connection with their mother. He remembers feeling secretly grateful to Lestrade. But never has he been in love. He greets the feeling cautiously. It is an uncomfortably new acquaintance.
It ends on the tarmac. The cold is bitter and John has his arms crossed the whole time. The queue of people and luggage is long. He and Sherlock keep silent vigil. He does not have the heart to ask for deductions. It would break him. Molly is there, too, with a thermos of tea in her hands, but they don’t see her. They don’t see much at all.
against his cheek.
exceptional—in which one can survive without food. Therefore, I must eat. In fact, I daresay you have even witnessed it.” He leans back in the chair. “Might that not be sufficient data, Doctor Watson?”
He looks sad. Sherlock wishes he wouldn’t.
Sherlock stares out across the river. His expression is unreadable. “What do you mean?”
And there is John, too, and he is saying: fantastic, amazing, unbelievable, genius. There is John, and for some reason he is kneeling, pulling back her shirt—and he is trying not to think, in the beat of his blood, war war war war war—and looking with the death-seeing eyes that he thought he would never use again, would never want to.
The night has grown cold. They head to Baker Street straightaway. The windows are dark; Mrs. Hudson is already asleep. They slip inside like ghosts and Sherlock lights a single lamp that fills the sitting room with a rounded yellow glow. John hesitates in the darkness of the foyer, gazing into the mirror, tracing the indefinite lines of his face in the shadow. After a time Sherlock joins him.
Sherlock chuckles. “Of course. Forgive me.”
John kneads his forehead with one hand.
Sherlock snorts.
“You’re rather far from
They linger for as long as can be justified, drinking two rounds of espresso and splitting a slice of tiramisu. How Angelo still managed to get his hands on tiramisu will forever remain a mystery. They swallow the last bites with difficulty. Angelo seems as reluctant to bring the check as they are to receive it. They stretch the evening thinner with a few desperate snippets of conversation. Then they can pretend no more. Angelo waves farewell as they finally step out onto the street.
“So you wouldn’t push back?” she asked dreamily. She shoved him. For an instant he saw only the sky. He was flying. Then the ground surged up to strike the breath from his lungs. He choked on a mouthful of muddy water. His nose pressed into the dirt. He tumbled until he felt the earth begin to give. He came to a stop in a groove of mud. Tasted iron. Fell unconscious.
In which things are temporary.
They leave the kitchen and Sherlock gestures down a short hallway that leads to his own bedroom. His lip curls in vague disgust and John gets the feeling that he doesn’t sleep very often. Doesn’t seem to be the type. Probably thinks the whole process to be a waste. Why sleep when he could be thinking. Deducing. Making discoveries. It doesn’t bother John. Each to their own. And besides, he doesn’t like sleeping much, either. Not these days, at least.
Sherlock looks at John. He’s trembling, furious, relieved, confused. It’s legible in the color of his eyes, the jolting movement of his fingers, the new shadow on his brow. He’s endured something terrible.
Against the older boy’s shoulder, he slurs:
, of all times!”
“Molly,” he says softly. “Molly. He seems to be just fine. Trust me, I’m a doctor.”
And then it stops. The memories drop off abruptly. The dream envelops him again. Sherlock wants to scream in frustration. Instead he smiles stiffly at Mycroft.
They take him straight to the clinic. At this point in the war, the military hasn’t even the funds to get him a flat. In fact, they have barely spotted him enough for the cab. But a fat book of coupons rests in his suitcase along with his pistol and his dog tags, and this is everything he needs. There will be extra food and clothing at the clinic. He can sleep at his desk.
Sherlock blinks. The crease between his brows deepens. He lifts one hand and begins to fiddle with the cuff of his sharp black suit.
Sherlock glances at him, then looks away quickly, his lower lip disappearing beneath his teeth as a shy spray of pink softens the edges of his neck and jaw.
“Just imagine if they knew…think about the newspapers, the protests, just picture the fucking humanitarian groups! What would the United Nations say, the President?”
“Of course I can always tell,” says Sherlock. “But you seem to forget that the very definition of always would imply that this situation is no exception.”
Sherlock yawns. Afternoon sun slants into the sitting room. He stretches luxuriously.
“I said
“Gee, thanks. So. How did you know?”
They have never been happier.
“Hush, John,” he interrupts, forcing the panic from his tone; he will need more time to prepare for
He bites down on his lower lip. Sherlock waits.
“Sherlock.”  John leans forwards. He looks like he wants to take his hands. Hesitation. Sherlock reaches out and takes his, instead. Palms callused, tired, warm. Familiar. John tenses, but doesn’t draw away.
“Patches, or nothing.”
Sherlock comes in to steal a samosa, which doesn’t upset John anymore because he’s come to expect it, now, and always orders extras. Sherlock stops, for a moment, in front of the telly. He looks at John, who is mesmerized and does not look back. He rolls his eyes.
Sherlock does not announce himself. He says her name and wrenches the long pole from her hands, upsetting the arrangement of the little wooden pieces across the map. A few regiments land in the English Channel. Adler hisses at him, but dismisses the subordinates with a wave of her hand. They dare not question her authority and file away obediently, though they leave a trail of whispers thickening the air in their wake. Adler watches them with distaste. She turns back to Sherlock and plucks the long pole from his hands.
Sherlock snorts. “Don’t be. It’s completely acceptable. Very masculine, even, wanting to thoroughly examine and object of affection. It’s quite scientific, actually. I’d go so far as to say…”
“Hey, Sherlock.” John appears in the doorway. “Mind showing me what this is?”
“Won’t you play something for me?”
And then at once all the lights in the clinic explode to life. For a moment John thinks that the intruder did this – he was so ethereal in the dark, what with the black satin suit and the strange mouth and silken voice, that the idea does not seem irrational – but he turns and sees another man poised at the light switch. The terror gripping his throat vanishes. Beside him, the intruder gives a sigh.
They are good friends. They have no choice. Those who worry for the same reasons must stick together. Although in their case really it is nothing more than a single reason. A reason as brilliant and capturing as it is problematic and infuriating. A reason that they both love with all their hearts, if not for different reasons, and if not in very different ways.
Changes in lines and speakers from the actual canon are purposeful.
John cups his jaw gingerly. He feels as if the imprints of Sherlock’s fingertips had been welded into his skin. “What is what?”
Or better: who is anyone?
means
“I supposed I do,” he says at last. “How did you beat her?”
For a moment John is completely still. Then he draws back and lands his fist in the concave of Sherlock Holmes’ cheek, feels the breath escape and the body bend, thinks for a moment how pleasant, to have even this small part of him be enveloped in Sherlock’s skin and bones, how right, and then the anger leaves him all at once, so expansively and absolutely that John knows it’s over, feels the crimson implode across his skin and then vanish, forever. Clean.
“Concluded,” he says at last, so quietly that John can barely hear him. “From insufficient data.”
Irene gives a mirthless laugh. “Ironic that a country in war has to take such desperate measures to stop people from dying.” She smiles grimly. “Perhaps this is our punishment for creating something we shouldn’t have.”
A matter of time.
“I swear—”
“I’ve figured out the story behind your sister,” he says, and wants to bite his tongue until his mouth overflows with blood. John glances away from the television. Sherlock steals a glimpse and is relieved to see that there is only curiosity in his expression.
“People might talk.”
“Come along, John.”
All that is real is John’s hand.
John swears under his breath and follows him inside.
He’s afraid there’s no luck to be had.
And when he is allowed back to
He shrugs.
Sherlock’s blood rushes. He nods. At first it’s not easy, not romantic, not wrenched with passion. There’s no falling upon each other, no tearing at clothes, no haze of desire. Instead there’s a steady, timid pulse of hope, anticipation, trust.  Again, John doesn’t expect anything. He’s only sharing another part of himself. Sherlock wraps his arms closely around his neck, hoping he might offer a bit in return.
