Sonny smiled, amused, and glanced at him over his shoulder as he grabbed a bag of frozen peas. “You’re sixteen, right?”
“Oh, this is gonna be fun,” Dean told him, slapping on a cocky grin and grabbing a deck of cards (courtesy of Sonny) from his nightstand. “I’ll deal.”
Apple pie life, here I come, he thought, offering his best charming smile and “dropping his pencil” on the floor next to Robin. It was a cheap move but effective.
The next morning, Sonny asked questions about what had happened to Dean, why he’d found a blood shirt in the trash, why he’d heard Cas crying in the bathroom, etc. Dean didn’t know what to tell him. He just said he got into a fight with some guy and that was that. Sonny clearly didn’t believe him but he told him to stay home and rest while the other boys helped out at the church.
Cas nodded, his expression becoming more guarded when the other boys entered. Chuck flopped down on his bed, taking a draw of his inhaler. Benny and Ash grabbed some plastic straws and started shooting spit wads at each other from across the room.
No, Cas thought, shutting down every part of him saying just kiss him, and he shook his head and backed away from Dean, turning his head to look down at his feet. He didn’t really know why he did it, he just… couldn’t. He knew Dean would regret it, and then he’d never speak to him again. Giving into his selfish desires wasn’t worth losing Dean.
“Howdy,” Dean greeted him in a low voice, offering an uncomfortable smile and taking a seat next to Cas.
“Well whoever did it, I’d shake his hand,” Dean spoke up, not looking up from his food. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Cas glance at him. He took that as a win.
Robin laughed shyly and pushed her hair back. “Well, I’m sure you’ve noticed or the boys told you, but I’ve kinda had this crush on Cas since like forever.”
Cas gave him a worried look, but he could tell Balthazar didn’t want to talk about it. He didn’t push. Charlie did the same, reluctantly.
Dean’s expression shifted into a frown, almost apologetic. “I, uh… I didn’t mean-- If the nickname is too much, I-- I’m sorry…”
Dean frowned. The other boys shrugged and said they hadn’t seen him, and Sonny sighed and walked out the front door.
“Cassie, what happened?” Balthazar asked again, rubbing his back. He felt a strong sense of protectiveness set in and he shifted closer to Cas. “Just breathe. Tell me what’s wrong.”
“Hey, didn’t hear ya come in,” he said lightly, still moving the knife through his fingers gracefully.
Dean headed downstairs to grab a glass of water, then hurried back upstairs. When he came back, Cas was lying on his bed in nothing but a pair of sweatpants. Dean’s face flushed and he set the water on the nightstand. “Uh, here ya go,” he said gruffly. “That should help.”
He saw Balthazar’s resolve shake and after a moment the taller boy released him and stepped back. “I must be crazy or stupid, but I believe you,” Balthazar said reluctantly. “But I swear to god, if you hurt Cas--”
The thought made him uneasy in a way he couldn’t quite explain. He knew that he felt something for Cas. At the very least, he could admit to himself that he’d never felt anything close to what he felt when Cas kissed him. Whenever he thought about it, which was a lot if he was being honest, his jeans felt uncomfortably tight and he had to take a minute.
Still, Dean was a teenage boy. He had urges, same as anyone. But that didn’t mean he was in love. He definitely wasn’t in love with a boy, either.
“Hey, uh…” Dean spoke hesitantly, running a hand through his hair and still not looking at Cas. “You, um… You too, ya know.”
Balthazar really didn’t know how to answer that. Of course Cas needed practice, he was fourteen. He’d never been on a date before, let alone kissed anyone. And if he was being honest, the thought of Cas kissing Meg made Balthazar kinda queasy. He really didn’t want to think about why that was.
Once the game started, Dean found himself actually getting into it, cheering and booing appropriately. He’d never had much of a chance to care about school sports teams, but it felt kinda nice to feel like he was part of something. At some point, Ash joined them, painted in school colors from his chest up. Benny and Dean had to stop him from tossing his shirt onto the field after a particularly exciting play. Dean was laughing and cheering and jumping up from his seat, getting lost in the crowd mentality and the deafening sound of bass drums and trumpets.
Dean shook the thought from his head and returned to his bed. He was back to twirling his knife when Cas walked in the room. Dean looked up and smiled at him, relieved when Cas smiled back.
Cas laughed and punched his shoulder. “Rude,” he said, smiling. Balthazar couldn’t help but smile back. As long as Cas was smiling, Balthazar really couldn’t complain about very much at all.
With a cocky grin, Dean stood and held his hand out for Cas after he tapped out. “Now who can’t handle it?”
“Dean,” Cas said, groaning softly as he fell into the window and onto the floor. Chuck looked at them oddly but didn’t say anything.
The vamp made a sound that resembled a laugh and Dean glared. “You won’t be laughing in a minute, you blood-sucking bitch.”
Dean felt his face heat up a bit. “Oh. Well, uh, maybe once Robin sees me out there it’ll change her mind.”
Cas felt his cheeks heat up when Dean used the nickname. He was so used to it with Balthazar and Charlie, but Dean… Something about the way Dean said it. He couldn’t put a word to exactly how it made him feel.
Dean nodded, not quite believing Cas but deciding not to push it too much. “Well, whatever it was, I wouldn’t think less of you for it. Anything that ends with Gordon getting his face kicked in is alright in my book.” Smiling, he finished putting one last band-aid on Cas’s forehead. “There. Good as new.” Then, smirking a little, he said, “You know, you look pretty badass for someone who just fell out of a tree. Might get some nice battle scars.”
Cas’s face flushed against his will and he laughed softly, a little breathless. “Well alright then.”
Balthazar tried to keep his expression in check even as his heart sank. Why the hell was he smiling so much for Dean?
Cas didn’t listen to much after that, but he had heard enough. He felt his stomach twisting itself into knots, and he felt like a complete idiot. What was he thinking? Dean Winchester was never going to love him.
Before he knew it, the bell rang and class was out. Cas was up and out the door before Dean could even gather his books. Sighing, Dean slung his backpack over one shoulder and made his way to the library. Oh, if Sammy could see him now, actually doing homework and shit. He’d be so proud.
Cas was terrified. But he also hadn’t felt this excited about anything for almost as long as he could remember.
“Bumper cars!” Charlie gasped, grabbing Balthazar’s hand and tugging him to where the bumper cars were. The boys laughed and followed her, getting in line and handing the ride attendant their tickets.
That did make Dean feel a little better, but he still didn’t feel great when he realized that Cas had been staring too. And based on how Cas had been ignoring him, Dean guessed it wasn’t the good kind of staring.
Dean rolled his eyes, but he couldn’t help but smile. “Jesus, you’re drunk. Drink some water and get some sleep.”
Cas’s hand fell on Dean’s waist and the touch was like fireworks under Dean’s skin. Cas saw stars as he drew more whines and moans from Dean’s throat, moving so he was straddling Dean’s hips. Dean gasped and curled his fingers into Cas’s thick hair.
“I… I have to go, Cas. I’m so sorry.” He pulled away, dropping Cas’s hand, and turned around so he didn’t have to see the hurt on Cas’s face.
Gordon looked up at Castiel, seeing darkness in his eyes he hadn’t seen since that night at the party. He spit out a mouthful of blood and scrambled to his feet, backing away. “Jesus… This isn’t over, Castiel. I swear to God this isn’t over.” He ran back to the house, and Cas stared after him, making sure he was gone. Without turning around, Cas spoke. “Are you alright?”
Sonny ran through the open field, stopping to kneel next to Cas. “Hey, buddy, you all right? What happened?” The man didn’t believe Gordon’s concern for a second, nor did anyone else. They all knew him better than that. But Sonny was more focused on making sure Cas was okay than punishing Gordon.
“Yeah, but I need practice!” Cas insisted. “Meg asked me out, remember? And I said yes! What if she wants to kiss me and I don’t know how?”
Dean’s eyes widened. He hadn’t been to school in over a year. Between looking out for Sammy and helping dad with hunts, he didn’t see much point. And yet, when Sonny mentioned the idea, he couldn’t think of anything that would make him happier. Apple pie life.
“I dunno,” he told Cas, shrugging. “I guess I just like you more than the rest of these idiots,” he added with a smirk, nodding his head towards Chuck.
Cas did his best to follow Dean’s lead and match his breathing. After a few minutes, he had calmed down just a little.
“Well he doesn’t need to know that,” Balthazar told him. “We’re gonna go to the dance and you’re gonna have an outstanding time and Dean can go screw himself.”
“Uh, yeah,” Dean choked out. “Legends. ‘Course. Uh, no, it was a gift from my uncle. Said it’s good luck or something.”
He sauntered into the living room with his best charming smile. “Hey,” he said, stuffing his hands in his pockets. “You know, I’ve always wanted to learn how to play guitar. Think you could teach me a few things?”
He prayed that Cas listened to him, but he couldn’t risk looking back to be sure. The werewolf, a crazed-looking dude with blond hair and a torn up shirt, lunged at him again and Dean swung his knife, grazing its arm. With an angry growl, the creature recoiled back and Dean took his shot. He jumped forward to stab the werewolf but fell short. The werewolf pinned him to the ground and he groaned, his knife knocked a few feet out of reach. It was all Dean could do to keep its claws and teeth from tearing him apart.
Dean changed into some clean clothes, jeans and a black t-shirt with a light blue button-up over the top. He could see bruises forming on his side, but it didn’t hurt too bad. He checked the top drawer and saw a fresh toothbrush; he snatched it up and all but bolted for the bathroom.
Balthazar laughed. “Yes, that’s generally how the game is played.” He couldn’t help but grin at how adorable Cas was. “Well go on now.”
Before Dean could stop him, Cas was running in the opposite direction, away from Sonny’s and away from Dean.
“I think you should study with that nice girl next door,” his father continued. “She comes from a good family, nice folks. You might like her if you’d give it a try.”
Cas still didn’t look at him, he couldn’t. He shook out his hand again and headed towards the house, and Dean stared after him, trying to figure out what just happened. Why had Gordon tried to kill him? He must have thought he was Cas, but then why would he try to kill Cas? Wasn’t knocking him out of a tree enough? What the hell had happened between those two? Why was Cas here in the first place?
Cas’s mind wandered without his permission, remembering over and over the few moments when Dean held him close and he didn’t even care what his dad said because Dean’s embrace just felt right. Cas was far too tired to keep the thoughts at bay, and he knew it was a bad idea but he let the thoughts come and fill his mind with Dean.
Dean wiped his hands down his jeans and looked around. Well, someone had to clean up this mess. And something told him the janitor wouldn’t keep his trap shut.
Dean watched Cas for a moment after he closed his eyes, then stood and headed downstairs for dinner. He knew it was stupid to get attached, but… he couldn’t seem to help it. Cas had some sort of effect on him and he’d never experienced anything like it before. Sure, he was attractive and nice and funny and smart, but Dean didn’t get it. His first instinct had always been to close off, build up walls, lie, stay safe. But with Cas he struggled to do that. He wanted to tell him all sorts of stuff about his life and why he was really here, but he knew he couldn’t. He could never tell anyone.
Dean shifted uncomfortably, debating whether or not he wanted to say what he was thinking. He decided it couldn’t hurt. “Were they ever… ya know…”
“Alright, alright,” Cas said finally, taking deep breaths and trying to calm down. His face was flushed and he still couldn’t stop smiling. “I should probably get going before dinner time.”
“I won’t bite,” Dean told him after a moment, nodding to Cas’s bed. “Don’t worry, you don’t have to say anything if you don’t want to.”
Trying to distract himself from Dean’s face, he turned his attention to the amulet around Dean’s neck. “Nice amulet,” he said quietly as Dean cleaned up the blood coming from his forehead.
“I’m thinking of writing one of my characters with a mullet,” Chuck chimed in. “As sort of a tribute. To the hair.”
Cas smiled at the two of them, though he shifted uncomfortably. Being around his friends, he felt more comfortable being himself, accepting himself. But he still had a hard time saying it. He didn’t know how Charlie and Balthazar were so brave.
No matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t quench the hope building up in his chest. Though some part of him knew Cas was never going to see him in the way he wanted, it was moments like this when he wondered if Cas could really be so completely oblivious. Did Cas really have no idea the effect he had on him? Did he really not see the way Balthazar looked at him when he couldn’t help himself? Was Balthazar crazy for thinking that maybe Cas could love him back?
Benny, Dean, and Chuck burst out laughing and Ash stared at them deadly. “Ya’ll are a bunch of assholes, anyone ever tell ya that?” He flipped his hair behind his shoulder. “You know you’re jealous. All business in the front… Party in the back.” To accentuate his point, he flipped his head to one side and then the other, showing off his luscious locks. The other boys erupted in howling laughter again.
Cas nodded and waved to her as he hopped off the porch and headed off to the field behind the house.
Balthazar watched him go, folding his arms over his chest and smiling. He really did miss his best friend. He hadn’t seen him almost all summer, and he hadn’t seen him at all since that night…
Pushing thoughts of his dad away, Dean found his way to his last class. He was late because the office screwed up his schedule somehow, and this was the only class with an opening. “Sorry I’m late…” Dean trailed off, noticing Cas sitting in the back of the room. He gulped and looked at the teacher. “Last minute schedule change,” he finished.
Cautiously, Castiel stood, steadying himself with a firm grip on the branches above him. He began to pull himself up, gasping and catching his grip when his foot slipped. Gordon began to shake the tree with even more fervor and the nest slipped. Castiel cursed and dove to catch it, falling to the ground with a thud. He groaned as the nestlings chirped in alarm, startled but safe and sound. Cas, on the other hand, was less than okay.
After all the matches were finished and the boys had changed out of their uniforms, the coach gathered the team and congratulated them on the win. This time, Cas couldn’t take his eyes off Dean. He wasn’t looking back but Cas couldn’t blame him for that. He probably thought Cas was avoiding him. Cas couldn’t have that.
“Before I tell you and you storm off, just chill,” Balthazar told him. “We’re going to go check on her but I’m sure she’s fine, alright? Yes, she lives on Elkanah.”
Meanwhile, Robin continued to watch from the porch as the boys started heading back inside. She couldn’t help but admire the way Dean stood up for Castiel like that. And how he was being so kind to the boy. Honestly, it was extremely attractive. And Dean wasn’t exactly hard on the eyes either, so that helped.
“What did you do to my computer?” Ms. Carter asked in a shrill tone, clicking random buttons in an effort to make it stop. Charlie discreetly tapped a button on her keyboard and the computer went back to normal.
For the rest of practice, Dean couldn’t stop thinking about what the coach said. He’d never been good for much besides shooting up monsters and being bait and taking care of Sammy. But apparently he was pretty good at wrestling. Maybe he even had some talent. He could win the team a trophy and then what would his dad say? Maybe he’d tell him he’d done a good job. Maybe he’d even tell him he was proud.
Sonny led Dean upstairs, down the hall, and to the room at the end. There were six beds, 3 on each side of the room, with a rug in the middle. “The other boys are just finishing up their chores, but you can pick your bunk and settle in a bit.” Sonny paused and glanced at Dean, his heart clenching at the look on Dean’s face. He’d never had his own bed in his life by the looks of it. Clearing his throat, Sonny spoke again. “The first two on the right here are taken. Benny and Chuck. Ash has this first bunk on the left, and the far left corner is Castiel’s bunk. You can take your pick of the other two.”
The guy at the booth looked at him in stunned silence and gestured to the wall of prizes. Dean looked over his options and grinned when he saw a stuffed bumble bee as big as a basketball. He pointed to it and the attendant gave him his prize.
“You were supposed to save me, Dean,” Cas said again, and Dean choked out a sob. “You did this to me, Dean.”
Outside, Castiel had wandered into the small patch of forest that sat behind the property. He looked up into one of the trees and smiled when he saw a small nest with three baby birds and their mother. He began climbing the tree, settling in with his back against the trunk a few branches below the nest. He watched them with a small smile, leaning back against the tree and enjoying the time alone.
“Son of a bitch,” Dean muttered, covering his face and looking at Cas with a grin. “It’s an ambush.”
Dean was so caught up in the feeling of Cas’s hand in his and the thrilled racing of his heart that he almost didn’t hear the rustling in the bushes behind them. Almost.
“I still don’t like this,” Balthazar told Charlie, leaning back in the seat and running his fingers through his hair. “I should have never invited him.”
Ash scoffed. “That’s Robin,” he told Dean quietly. “She’s totally head-over-heels for Chatty Cassy but no one knows why. Don’t even bother, bro.”
Pulling him out of his thoughts, Robin answered the door with a grin. Dean smiled and brought the rose around from behind his back. Robin laughed and took the flower with a sweet smile. “It’s beautiful, Dean, thank you,” she said.
Robin’s smile stretched wider across her face, but it soon fell as she spoke again. “So, you and Cas, that’s not…?” she asked, almost wishing she hadn’t when Dean’s smile fell too.
“What? What is it, Cas? ‘Cuz I don’t know what the hell I did wrong.” Dean shifted uncomfortably but didn’t look away from Cas. He was begging him to tell him what he did so he could fix it. He didn’t understand.
“I… I don’t know,” he whispered, his shoulders sagging as a defeated expression crossed his face. He didn’t know why he still couldn’t say the words. “He’s… Cas, he’s different,” he tried again, and it still wasn’t coming out how he wanted it to. “He kissed me, and… God, I never thought…”
Robin laughed, shaking her head. “Not unless you want to. Benny only goes for the cheerleaders anyways.”
“Let me handle him,” Cas said. “Please. I can watch him, make sure he doesn’t hurt anyone else. Please, promise me you’ll let me handle it.”
Cas stared at him for a long moment, trying to wrap his head around that. He couldn’t. He shook his head a few times and frowned. “That’s impossible. There’s no such thing as werewolves. They’re just a myth.”
After chemistry lab was over, which was as awkward as ever with Cas sitting next to him, Dean made his way to the gymnasium where he knew Robin would be getting ready for the dance. It was three days away now so Dean was cutting it pretty close.
Cas thought about it. The idea of going to the dance and watching Dean with Robin made him want to curl into a ball and cry, but maybe Balthazar had a point. If Dean saw him having fun and dancing with Balthazar, maybe… Well, maybe he’d be jealous. That thought was enough for Cas to agree to Balthazar’s insane plan.
Cas looked over at him, baffled. “Then it is stupid. That you were put in here, I mean. That’s no crime.”
“I’m, uh… not too bad at chemistry,” Dean told him, lips quirking up in a half smile. “So you don’t have to worry.”
“Sit,” he told Cas, and Cas listened, trying not to think too much about how Dean’s arm felt wrapped around his waist. Or how he looked when he smiled. Or his hair. Or the way his eyes lit up when he looked at him.
“Wrestling, huh,” he murmured to himself as he considered the flier. He smiled. School sports try-outs. Now that was normal.
At the sound of Charlie’s voice, Dean and Cas practically jumped apart, looking over at her and Balthazar as color rose to their cheeks.
“Alright, I’ll show you one more move and then I’ll have you try it,” Cas continued, trying desperately to stay focused. “So, for this one, just get on your hands and knees.”
“I… I wasn’t…” No, he couldn’t lie to Cas. Not anymore. Not about this. Sighing, he grabbed Cas’s arm and pulled him in so they were inches apart. Cas gasped softly, staring up at him. “Cas… After you kissed me, I didn’t know what to think. I thought it was just… getting caught in the moment or some crap. But I couldn’t stop thinking about you. I wanted to kiss you again, I wanted to hold you, I wanted to tell you…” he trailed off. He knew once he said the words there would be no going back. “I was so goddamn terrified, Cas, because I wanted to tell you that I… I…”
“Hey, newbie!” Benny called, and Dean rolled his eyes. He still didn’t like that nickname, but he knew Benny didn’t mean any harm. And it was nice to have some boys his age who liked having him around.
“I have an extra,” Cas blurted out before he could stop himself. “You, uh… You can borrow it. If you want.” Cas tried really hard not to think about Dean wearing his clothes. It made his stomach all fluttery and warm in a way he wasn’t used to.
“He doesn’t seem to be pushing those two away,” Dean said, gesturing in the general direction of the cafeteria. Robin knew who he meant.
“Hey!” Balthazar came through the door and grabbed Gordon, shoving him away from Cas. “Get the fuck away from him, you son of a bitch!”
Maybe Cas hated him. Maybe he was scared of him, wanted nothing to do with him. Maybe he would tell Dean to fuck off. Maybe he didn’t love him.
“You can go if you want,” Cas said, still not looking at him. He closed his eyes and looked to the ground, heart sinking. Dean had seen the darkness, the brokenness in him, and there was no way he wouldn’t run scared after that.
Only problem was Cas was playing it cool right back at him. And doing a much better job of it. Dean realized that was mostly because Cas had friends to distract him and make him seem less lonely. Maybe Dean just needed to make some friends. And he knew just who the perfect candidates were.
“First we’ve gotta ride the ferris wheel, though,” Cas gasped, as if he had just remembered. “It’s a classic.”
“You… Those teeth… the head… What the fuck?” Gordon scrambled to his feet and backed away from Dean towards the exit. “You stay the fuck away from me, freak!”
Cas kept his gaze on the floor as he followed Balthazar into the kitchen. “Dean,” he said softly. His cheeks ached as his grin spread wider across his face.
While Dean and Cas somehow managed to flirt with bumper cars, Balthazar sulked as a ten-year-old just kept ramming into his car over and over in the corner.
“Cut the crap, Winchester,” he snapped, lunging at Dean again. Dean let himself be pinned to the wall. It wasn’t like Balthazar could hurt him anyways. “You think I don’t notice the way you flirt with him and then turn around and flirt with Robin or the next pretty face you see? I know your type, you arrogant, playboy, son of a bitch.”
Dean huffed out a sigh and laid down on his back. “Don’t apologize,” he said. “Don’t pretend we’re friends, either. I can take a hint.”
Castiel groaned and began to sit up, and Sonny helped him. “The nest slipped,” he said, smiling weakly. “I caught it.”
The teacher nodded and gestured to an empty seat in the back of the room… right next to Cas. Oh great, he thought. How the hell am I gonna play it cool when he’s sitting right next to me?
He didn’t see Cas at Sonny’s, and when he asked about it Sonny told him he was staying at Charlie’s house for a few days. Dean was hoping he’d get the chance to talk to Cas at the wrestling meet on Thursday but Cas didn’t show. Dean still tried to focus on the team. He didn’t want to let them down.
“We all play for the other team, anyways,” Charlie chimed in with a sneaky smile, and Cas actually choked out a laugh. Balthazar smiled. “But I swear to god if you guys cheer for those heathens, I will skin you both alive.”
Sonny woke the boys early on Saturday morning, about 8 a.m., and they loaded everything into the truck and left after breakfast. Dean was beyond excited. He’d never been able to do anything like this. Kayaks, water guns, PB&J sandwiches in a cooler for lunch… It was all so domestic and normal. Add that to the fact that he was doing all of it with friends? Actual, real, normal friends? Well the whole thing was damn near perfect.
Dean took a steadying breath and shook his head. It was now or never, he thought. “No. It’s not.” Cas’s face was confused so Dean continued. “Can we go outside where it’s a little more… private?”
Dean huffed out a surprised laugh. “You have no idea.” He turned and strapped the oar to the back of the kayak, then leaned back against the side of the plastic vessel. “I never got to do anything like this as a kid,” he admitted.
Robin watched him for a few moments, trying to decide whether or not to press for more details. Based on the guarded look Dean was wearing, she decided not.
Besides, Cas didn’t know the first thing about being in love. The whole idea was terrifying, especially with Dean. And Charlie was right, it wasn’t because of his dad or religion or guilt or anything like that. Cas had never felt like this about anyone before, and something about Dean made him feel like he could lose him at any second. And if he could lose him, then it was far too risky to love him. It didn’t even matter if Dean had any kind of feelings for him, it was just too big a risk. Cas wasn’t ready to take that on.
Cas grinned, and Balthazar knew he’d do anything to see that beaming bright smile any day of the week.
“Cut the crap, Cas,” Dean snapped, trying to breathe so he didn’t lose it completely. He was trying to keep his voice at a whisper but it was growing difficult. The teacher was glaring at him from his desk. They had been told to work quietly together on the lab sheet but neither of them could focus on that. “I know you’ve been avoiding me this whole week. I’m not an idiot.”
Realizing he’d gone silent, Dean cleared his throat and smiled awkwardly at Cas. “Thanks. Yeah, that’s great.”
Then again, his dad wasn’t around anymore. He left. So what did it matter if Dean told someone? What did it matter what his dad thought of it? It didn’t matter, Dean decided. And what the hell, if he was gonna have an apple pie life, that involved caring about people right? Getting attached, making friends, finding someone who would understand and wouldn’t leave him when they found out the truth. He wanted it. He wanted it more than he could even admit to himself.
He couldn’t read what that expression even was, but it wasn’t good. He knew that for sure when Cas practically flinched away from him, scrambling to his feet and backing away.
Though he still didn’t know why that was, he did know one thing: he was in trouble. He was in a deep, sparkling blue ocean of trouble that, really, far too closely resembled the color of Cas’s eyes. And Dean could only keep himself afloat for so long.
So maybe he would tell Cas. Or Robin. Or Sonny. Or someone. Maybe he would do whatever the hell he wanted because it wasn’t like anyone cared enough to stop him.
He thought in circles until the sun peeked in through the window. When Sonny came in the room to wake the boys for breakfast, he pretended he’d only just woken up. “How was your first night, Dean?”
Balthazar actually seemed to consider it. But then he glared at Dean and began to close the door again. “You missed your chance,” he said before closing it and locking it. He saw Dean walk away, shoulders slumped, and he muttered something about a damn pity party before padding back to the kitchen. He grabbed the finished popcorn out of the microwave and poured both bags into a large bowl.
Dean met Robin at her house around 5:00 p.m. on Saturday, dressed in an ironed-- yes, ironed-- blue button-down shirt and a pair of old dress slacks that used to be Sonny’s. It was pretty much the nicest thing he’d ever worn.
The chatter died down as the boys ate, and at some point Dean realized that Cas had snuck away from the table. How had he not seen him?
Balthazar laughed and shook his head, running a hand through his hair. “No. No, you’re good. Call it a peace offering.”
Cas heard the fear in Anna’s voice, saw her jeans around her ankles and Alastair’s fingers tucked into her cotton underwear while Gordon held her wrists above her head, and he lost it.
Cas didn’t look at him at all for the rest of class, just scribbling in his notebook. Dean couldn’t help but wonder what he was doing. He certainly wasn’t taking notes. He seemed distracted.
Dean watched Cas and he couldn’t help but grin. Of all the animals that he could’ve chosen on the merry-go-round, of all the ones that actually belonged on a merry-go-round as far as Dean was concerned, Cas picked a bumble bee. It was way too adorable.
Cas laughed, as if he knew what had Dean so distracted, damn him. “I said, do you want to try on the shorts, make sure they fit?”
The man hummed, thoughtful, then his eyes darkened angrily. “Then I guess I’ll settle for skinning his little mini-me.”
Balthazar’s jealousy and suspicious of Dean were momentarily forgotten. He grabbed Cas by the shoulders and met his eyes. “Hey,” he said insistently. “Forget about your dad. He’s a self-righteous bastard and he never deserved an amazing son like you. There’s nothing wrong with the way you are. Absolutely nothing.”
“Fuck,” Dean grunted, pushing back against the man’s hands as he held a knife to Dean’s throat. “What the-- Cas, run, get out of here!”
“I… I’d love to,” Gabriel said hesitantly. He knew he could get in a world of trouble for being here, but he missed his brother. And besides, his dad would never even find out. At least, he hoped he wouldn’t.
At some point they had stopped walking, falling out of the crowd and just staring at each other and smiling. Neither wanted to say a word because that always put an end to the moment and this particular moment was one neither could let go so easily.
Tears spilled onto his cheeks and he ran upstairs to his bedroom, closing the door and crawling onto his bed. He muffled his sobs in a pillow, half-aware of his older brother wrapping his arms around him.
The bell rang and Cas walked with Dean into the hall. He turned and smiled when he saw Balthazar. “Hey, wrestling practice today. I’ll see you later at Charlie’s.”
He startled and looked back at Charlie. He didn’t even realize they had stopped walking. He was leaning against a wall for support and his breathing was shaky.
“What? And that’s gonna be you? Look, you’re right. Gordon needs to learn a lesson. But Castiel knocked him around pretty hard and he still didn’t learn it. You’d think with what Castiel did…” she stopped herself again, shaking her head. “Well, you’d think he’d learn to leave well enough alone.”
Cas felt Dean’s breathing pick up and he leaned back a bit, releasing his grip and watching Dean with concern. “Are you alright? Did I hurt you?”
Cas eyed him sadly. “Dean,” he said earnestly. “It sounds to me like you’ve spent your whole life being more of a father than a big brother. I think maybe it’s time you thought of yourself.”
Dean’s expression hardened, glaring at Balthazar. “Don’t you talk about my mother like that,” he said lowly, a cocky smirk tugging at his lips.
Dean felt an odd sense of protectiveness at the idea of someone bullying Castiel. He couldn’t quite place it. But he knew what it was like to be different, to be treated like a freak. He wouldn’t wish that on anyone. “Sounds to me like someone needs to teach Gordon a little common decency,” he told Robin fiercely, and she scoffed, pausing her strumming to look at him.
Dean slapped on his trademark cocky grin, straightening his collar and standing up. “Watch and learn, boys.”
Ash and Benny both erupted in indignant shouting at once, and Dean glanced at Cas with an amused look. His smile fell when Cas wouldn’t look at him. He was staring at his food, eating in silence. Dean sighed. He knew why Cas was being distant but he wished he could tell him that he didn’t have to be. Not with him. If anyone could understand that darkness…
His thoughts strayed to Dean, and he couldn’t help but wonder if Dean would accept him if he knew. Would he still want to be his friend, or would he think he was disgusting? Cas thought he knew the answer, but honestly the risk was a little too terrifying to Cas. He felt silly for thinking it, but he didn’t want to lose Dean. Not that he even had Dean, but still. He couldn’t bear the thought of Dean looking at him like his father had looked at him when he’d found out…
Balthazar sighed. He knew she was right. Of course she was right. He just missed his best friend. It was selfish, he knew that, but a part of him had always hoped that someday Cas would return his feelings. But that was before Dean. Cas wouldn’t fully admit it just yet, but Balthazar could see it in his eyes. He loved Dean. He probably didn’t even know it, but he loved him. And knew once Cas loved someone like that… Balthazar never stood a chance.
Cas nodded, taking a deep breath to calm himself as he got set up again. Dean returned to his original position and Cas wrapped his arm around him. He flipped him over his back, a little closer to full speed this time, and Dean lost his grip on Cas’s neck as he did. He landed with an ‘oof’’ and Cas sat up, offering a hand. “Got it?”
“Not cancer,” Dean said, closing his eyes and turning to lie on his back. He definitely couldn’t tell Cas the truth. He would never believe him anyways. Still, the way Cas was looking at him, so kind and so sad, he wanted to give him some sort of answer that wasn’t a lie. “She, uh… There was a fire. In my brother’s nursery. I got Sammy out of there, but she…” Dean trailed off, the words getting caught in his throat. He felt a single tear trail onto his cheek. He cleared his throat and wiped the salty line away. “She didn’t make it.”
“He mentioned Saturday,” Dean added, swallowing and meeting Cas’s eyes. Then it occurred to him. “Damn, I don’t have a swimsuit,” he said. “The lake is a lot less fun if I’m stuck on the beach the whole time…”
His eyes flew open when he heard that gruff, concerned voice approaching him, and he felt a hand on his shoulder. He leaned into it just a bit.
But it was pretty hard to say no to Balthazar. And Charlie, too. They were going to the dance as a trio, and Cas begged them to go without him but they wouldn’t have it.
The next day, school was a little too hectic for Balthazar to find the opportunity, and the same went for Tuesday and Wednesday. But come Thursday, after school and right before wrestling practice, Balthazar found Dean outside the gym, without Cas. Making sure no one else was around, Balthazar caught Dean by the shoulder and shoved him against the wall. He saw something dangerous flash in Dean’s eyes and he crossed his arm over the boy’s chest.
Cas. If there were hunters and monsters around, then Cas was in danger. If Dean was around, then Cas was in danger. Bad shit followed him wherever he went, and it was selfish to want to be close to Cas because being close meant putting him in harm’s way. That was one of the first things a hunter had to learn. If you cared about someone, the best thing to do was to get as far away from them as possible.
“Oh my god, you were so good!” she exclaimed happily, kissing his cheek. Dean laughed and grabbed her hands loosely. Cas felt sick.
“Alright,” Cas began. “I’ll show you some of my favorite moves. Lie down on your stomach and you’ll put me in a headlock. And I’ll show you how I get out of it and immediately turn it around into a pin.”
Cas paused, hesitant to say too much. He didn’t speak until they were seated at a booth across from each other. “Well… I just mean you were so nice to me and you stood up to Gordon and I didn’t properly thank you for that. I didn’t want to admit it but that meant a lot.”
He saw her looking at Cas and his friends and smile at them, but luckily for Dean the seats closest to them had already been taken. She took a seat a few rows behind them, and that just so happened to mean she was sitting right in front of Dean. She was obviously still trying to be close to Cas, but Dean could work with that.
His father didn’t understand. It wasn’t that he liked girls or that he liked boys. He had dated a few girls in the past, April and Meg. But it wasn’t their gender he was drawn to, it was their kindness and what he saw in their soul. According to his dad, it was far more important what was between a person’s legs.
“Freedom!” Balthazar exclaimed, standing up with a fist in the air. He was enjoying Cas’s laughter a little too much.
“So Dean, you might be carrying our asses to the tournament this year,” one of the boys said, and some others piped up in agreement.
As the ride was coming to an end, Dean tried to break the tension between them. “So, how ‘bout that fun house?” he asked with a half smile.
Dean startled and glanced over at the cashier. He froze for a second then shook his head with a smile. “Uh, no thank you. I was just leaving.”
Cas shrugged. “I don’t know how I feel,” he said, and he knew it didn’t sound very convincing. “Besides, we’re just now becoming friends. And I seriously doubt he sees me like that. I saw him flirting with Robin a lot the past couple days.”
“Relax, son, no one’s in trouble,” Sonny said, chuckling softly. “You two wouldn’t happen to know what happened to Gordon’s eye, would you?”
Dean looked up when the door opened, for a split second hoping it was Castiel. But he wasn’t disappointed by what he saw at all. His eyes widened when a very beautiful girl with a guitar entered walked through the door.
Dean actually felt his heart skip when Cas’s lips touched his, gentle at first and then more insistent, curious. Dean’s hand moved to Cas’s hair and he let out a soft, surprised noise when Cas grazed his tongue over Dean’s bottom lip.
“Whatever you say,” the older boy laughed, ruffling Cas’s hair and grinning at the annoyed whine he let out.
“Hey,” Dean said softly, grabbing him by the shoulders and meeting his eyes. He was grateful when Cas didn’t flinch away. “It’s gonna be alright.”
Dean let out a shaky breath and he couldn’t take his eyes away from Cas. “I… I guess nothing,” he said after a long moment. “Nothing at all.”
Dean nodded, clearing his throat. His hand fumbled awkwardly for a moment before settling on the back of his neck. “Yeah. See ya later, Cas.”
Cas opened the bedroom door and startled when he found that the room wasn’t empty. Dean was there, lying on his bed and twirling his pocket knife around his fingers, staring at it.
Balthazar and Cas looked up to see Charlie waving at them from her front porch up ahead. They smiled and closed the distance between them and the steps, following her inside. “Nothing important,” Cas answered her question. “How did your first day go?”
Cas paused and looked up at Anna, eyes wide. He shook his head and brought himself to his feet, the realization of what he’d just done hitting him like a ton of bricks. Alastair was unconscious, Gordon had run out, and Anna had tears streaming down her face. Cas stumbled back a few feet, looking at his bloodied hands and then at Alastair. He was in deep shit.
He had to ask himself what he really had to lose. Cas was already refusing to talk to him. He’d already ruined their friendship, so what harm would it do to come clean? He didn’t have a damn clue what he would even say but at least he had to let Cas know that he cared. He owed him that much. At worst, Cas would keep ignoring him. At best… Well, Dean didn’t want to get his hopes up. But the idea made him smile.
And suddenly Dean pulled back, clearing his throat and not meeting Cas’s eyes. “Uh, sorry,” he murmured. “Personal space.”
Dean smiled and shook his head. “Look, I hate awkward,” he said. “I like being friends. I don’t wanna mess that up. So how ‘bout we agree to keep the chick flick moments to a minimum?”
Other than wrestling practice, Dean doesn’t see much of Cas before Saturday. He’d decided to keep his going to the carnival a surprise. He could already imagine the adorable, shocked smile on Cas’s face when he saw him there.
Balthazar wanted to be happy for Cas, really, but he didn’t understand how Cas couldn’t see Dean for the two-timing player he was. He saw the way he flirted with Robin in first period, only to turn it around and flirt with Cas all through last. It was disgusting. It wasn’t right. He was only going to break Cassie’s heart, and who would be there to pick up the pieces? Balthazar would. He always was.
Cas watched as Dean went back to twirling the knife. He couldn’t help but be distracted by the nimble way his fingers twisted around the blade and hilt. He remembered the way those fingers felt against his skin when he was patching him up that first day…
Balthazar glanced over at it with a smirk. “I mean, I suppose it’s pointed at me. Wouldn’t you say so?”
“I… I stole some food for me and my brother,” he said, clearing his throat when his voice came out barely more than a whisper.
Dean looked back at Benny. “Well, I can see we’re all fantastic at first impressions.” He paused, trying to think of how to answer Benny’s question. “And well, I punched a cop. So that’ll do it.”
Dean swallowed thickly, running his fingers through his hair. “What if he doesn’t wanna talk to me? I’m pretty sure he hates me by now.”
Hey eyed her warily but clicked the button. A very loud sound erupted from the teacher’s desk, something like a game show “INCORRECT” buzzer. Charlie covered her mouth to stifle her giggles and Cas couldn’t help but join her.
“Hey guys!” Robin joined them a moment later, and Dean was grateful to her for breaking the silence. “Coach Bell posted the list for the wrestling team,” she said excitedly, looking at Cas and Dean. “You guys made it!”
Dean grabbed his shoulders and tried to calm him. “Cas, breathe,” he said gently. “You’re hyperventilating.”
“Sure thing,” Dean said, smiling at him as he stood up. As he turned and headed towards where Benny was sitting, Cas didn’t realize he was staring.
They didn’t talk much through the rest of lunch, eating their food and sneaking glances at each other. For the first time since Dean had arrived at Sonny’s, he wasn’t hyper focused on Cas. He felt normal and actually something resembling happy for the first time in as long as he could remember. He was grateful to Robin for that.
“You ok, Bal?” Cas asked, breaking him from his reverie. Balthazar looked at him and saw a smirk forming on his face. “Thinking about those Vulcan ears?”
Cas’s heart pounded in his chest. Dean had wanted to get close to him, wanted to touch him even. That was the only reasonable explanation Cas could think of. Dean really had wanted the kiss to happen. Maybe he even reciprocated Cas’s feelings. The thought made Cas dizzy. He was already planning on telling Dean how he felt, but he’d never considered the possibility that Dean might feel the same.
Dean’s face twisted up in confusion and he shoved Balthazar away easily. “What the hell are you talking about?”
They both went quiet for a bit, not really sure where to go from there. After a while, Dean couldn’t take the silence anymore. He sat up with a grunt and smiled at Cas. “Alright, enough of this depressing crap. Wanna play some cards?”
“Hey, cut that out,” Balthazar said fiercely, finally getting Cas to look at him. “It’s not your fault. The only one to blame is your dick of a father.”
“No,” Cas blurted out before he could stop himself, looking at Dean with wide eyes. Shit. “I mean…” Dean frowned at him, confused.
“Hey, love birds,” Benny drawled, smirking at the flustered looks on both their faces. “If you’re talking wedding plans, may I suggest sunflowers?”
When Cas finally got to the house he stopped running, catching his breath for a moment. He saw some girls sitting on the porch steps, and he approached them. They were very drunk, and that only worried Cas more.
“I…” Dean frowned. He couldn’t ever admit just how much he’d thought of it. His dad would be so disappointed. But… he didn’t think Cas would be. Maybe Cas would understand. “All the time,” he said softly, for the first time in his life, and he closed his eyes to fight the damned tears that threatened to drown him. “I wish to god I could do something else.”
When he got back to Sonny’s, he headed straight to his room. He changed into a pair of loose sweatpants and decided to forego a shirt, crawling into bed. He sighed heavily. Dean had made himself clear, and Cas knew he should quit hoping. It would only make things worse. All he could do was move on and try to forget just how much that kiss had meant to him.
They went silent for a few moments except to thank the waitress when she brought them their coffee and apple pie. Dean was so relieved to finally be talking to Cas. He wasn’t really sure why, but Cas made him want to open up about every dark and evil bit of his past. He made him want to tell him all of it and then leave it all behind to start fresh. He made Dean wish he never had to go back. Maybe I don’t, he thought hopefully.
Dean’s temper flared. He’d had enough of this. Cas could ignore him and freeze him out and refuse to talk at Sonny’s but lying to Dean’s face? Hell no.
Still, he wasn’t quite ready to give up on becoming friends with Cas. He had chem lab, so that was something. He had to be able to find some way to make nice when they sat right next together for a whole hour every single day. And if not, he had wrestling try-outs as his backup plan.
Dean looked at Sonny for a moment, trying to decide how to answer that. “It was fine,” he said vaguely. “I, uh… I was thinking…”
Dean handed Cas one of the oars and attempted to steer the boat away from the shore, but he was struggling. Cas laughed and pushed his oar through the water a few times until they were drifting on the gentle waves a few feet out from the beach.
“I’m sure he will, but you can’t stay here in any case,” said the sheriff. “For now, we’ve got a nice boys home ‘round here where you can stay. A warm bed’s better than a jail cell.”
“Dean,” Sonny said pointedly. “You really think I haven’t noticed something’s going on between you two? I may be getting old but I haven’t lost all my marbles yet.”
Wednesday after school, Dean and Cas were walking home. Cas had his fingers loosely wrapped around Dean’s wrist and Dean wasn’t complaining. But he had a mission.
“So Dean,” Sonny started as Dean finished washing the dishes. “School is starting in a week, so there’s not a lot of time, but I know a few people who can make sure you get started on time. Tenth grade, right?”
Cas smiled a bit. He was touched that Dean was so concerned, but he didn’t really know how to explain that he almost passed out because someone looked at him funny.
“You’re such a party pooper,” Charlie pouted. “But fine. As long as we can hang out. I miss you guys.”
Dean paused, instinctively reaching for the necklace Sam gave him. “Oh,” he said, clearing his throat. Another reminder that he couldn’t protect Sam, no matter how hard he tried. “Yeah… it was a gift.” He frowned slightly, shaking his head to clear the thoughts of Sam.
“Maybe an hour,” Gabriel told him, smiling and taking a seat beside his brother. “Dad’s at the church until eleven.” He paused, then looked at Cas excitedly. “So I heard you made the wrestling team again this year. I’m proud of you, Cas.”
He saw the band getting set up in their section of the bleachers, and Dean decided to make himself comfortable on the end closest to the exit. He had a feeling he wasn’t going to stick around for the whole thing.
A plan formulating, Dean circled around, getting in between the vamp and Gordon. “Come and get it,” he taunted, grabbing his knife again and cutting a thin line into his arm. He winced a bit but didn’t let it show. “Come on, I taste delicious!”
Dean looked up from his food when he heard Benny’s voice and saw him running towards him. He glanced at Robin apologetically and gave Benny an unamused look. “What is it, Benny?”
“I just don’t want you to get hurt, Cas!” Balthazar snapped, and they stopped walking. Cas looked at him, studying his face carefully.
So he wrapped his arms around his best friend and held him while he cried. Once Cas finally calmed down a bit, mostly because he didn’t have any tears left to cry, he sat up and looked at Balthazar.
“Uh, yeah. Yeah, that’s me,” Dean said, taken aback slightly when she didn’t react to his flirting. “My name’s Dean.”
His chest hurt at the thought of Sam. Where was he now? Did dad drop him off at Bobby’s, or drag him along on a hunt? Did he even know what happened or why Dean wasn’t there? Or how his dad has basically told him “You’re on your own, rot in jail for all I care.” How all he wanted was to get some food for Sam but he didn’t have any money left. How he was abandoned for trying to be a good big brother.
He shoved Gordon back into the dresser--as Gordon fell back, he held his arm and cried out in pain--and turned back to Alastair as the older boy tried to pull himself to his feet.
“Hey, Robin,” he said, catching her attention. She turned to look at him, and despite her obvious feelings for Cas, Dean could tell she wasn’t completely immune to his charms. “I, uh, dropped my pencil. Mind grabbing it for me?”
Dean was about to tell Robin that he didn’t care what Gordon did, he could take him. He’d seen worse. So much worse. Gordon didn’t scare him.
“Why don’t you like Dean?” Cas asked, and Balthazar hated that look because he could never lie to Cas when he stared at him with those deep, searching eyes.
Balthazar made his way back into the house. Hannah noticed him walk in and intercepted him before he could get to the stairs.
Dean blanched for a moment, but quickly composed himself. “Well, that depends. Is that you saying yes?”
“Hello, Dean,” Cas said politely. He wasn’t one to be completely rude. Not when Dean was speaking directly to him. Still, that didn’t mean he had to keep up a conversation. If they talked Cas was worried his feelings would spiral out of control and he couldn’t risk that.
But Dean had accepted that a long time ago. It was nothing new, as much as he despised the reminder. As he approached Sonny’s porch, he realized the real reason why the vamp attack had him so shaken up.
“Great!” Cas exclaimed, grinning, and there was that twisting and tugging in Dean’s gut again. Dean had really grown to love that smile. That bright, toothy, squinty-eyed grin that could only get more perfect when paired with that adorable laugh of his. Dean loved every bit of it. He especially loved being the cause of said smile and laugh. “Dean?”
He went quiet, and Charlie gave him his space as he continued sketching. Cas wanted to take her advice, to let Dean in and see if he felt the same way Cas did. Sometimes he thought he did, but he felt crazy for even thinking it.
To hell with personal space, Cas thought, then chastised himself. Dean was right. That was… dangerous. A line Cas knew he couldn’t uncross once he crossed it. “Right,” he said, still watching Dean intently.
So he decided to keep trying for normal, and he actually found himself enjoying hanging out with the boys from Sonny’s. He’d never really had any real friends before, at least not outside of the hunting world. Sure he loved Bobby and some of the others like family, but no one ever talked about anything normal. Sure Dean loved hunting with his dad, but maybe he only thought that because he’d never seen what anything normal looked like. Maybe… maybe his dad was wrong to keep him from that.
“Come on, Dean,” Sonny said, and Dean followed reluctantly. Sonny’s smile was so warm and kind. He couldn’t look at it. “Let’s get some frozen peas on those wrists and I’ll show ya to your room.”
“Damn right, Cassie,” Balthazar grinned, wrapping his arm around him. “We’re all pretty gay,” he repeated, squeezing Cas’s shoulder.
Dean laughed, a little wistful, and Robin gave him a curious look. “Cars and hunting, that’s about all I learned how to do for basically my whole life.”
A beat of trepidation, then Dean shrugged. “Sure, what the hell? Who doesn’t love a carnival?” He had to chuckle to himself at that. Carnivals had been the focus of at least three of his dad’s hunts that he knew of. But hey, what could possibly go wrong?
Cas was walking home from Charlie’s house after they finished studying for the day, and he couldn’t stop thinking about his father. Despite himself, he actually missed him. He missed having a family.
“I’m awful at chemistry,” Cas told him, offering a weak smile. “I could… I could use a partner who knows what they’re doing.”
Balthazar frowned. “What’s wrong?” He couldn’t really bring himself to say anything else at the moment.
As Dean came to the end of the hall, ready to kick down the last door, suddenly the voice was crystal clear.
“I want to…” Cas admitted, not meeting her eyes. “Last night, he… I had a nightmare and… He hugged me and sang to me until I fell asleep.”
Cas laughed. “Don’t act like you even watch the show,” he said. “You just like those skin-tight suits.”
Cas turned and cried into Gabriel’s shoulder, sniffling and coughing as his brother held him tight. Right then and there, without even knowing what the word meant, Cas promised himself he would never be a homo. He never wanted his dad to look at him like that ever again.
All of that was drowned out into the background, however, when he noticed a familiar head of unruly black hair. He froze, staring after Cas who was heading towards the concessions stand.
“Yeah, well don’t get used to it, cuz I’m not staying,” Dean snapped. “I’ll be gone before you know it so take a good look.”
A few minutes later and they were on Charlie’s front porch. She opened the door and, before they could step inside, wrapped them both in a surprisingly tight hug.
Gritting his teeth to keep from groaning in pain, Cas gingerly hooked a thumb into the back of the neckline on his dirty t-shirt. He brought it over his head and tossed it into his laundry basket before replacing it with an old, loose-fitting black t-shirt.
“I…” Cas started, but the words wouldn’t come out. He shook his head, folding his hands in his lap and leaning forward. His whole body was trembling and he felt like he was going to be sick.
“Of course it is.” Charlie rolled her eyes and pushed his chin up to make him look at her. “Cas, what’s going on? This is about more than your dad.”
“I mean, sure, but usually you need more than two people to play,” Balthazar said, touching Cas’s shoulder and laughing nervously. “Besides, you’re way too drunk.”
Benny stopped laughing and sat up a little straighter as a middle aged woman walked into the room carrying a tray of sandwiches and fruit.
Dean smiled a little. “I agree.” Anything that was helping his brother couldn’t be bad, not in his eyes. Noticing the look on Cas’s face, Dean’s eyes widened. “Oh, no this isn’t… It’s just… It’s protection,” he tried to say, heart pounding. How could he explain this away? “It’s a… family thing. I guess. I swear I don’t worship the devil or anything like that. The exact opposite, actually.”
“Do you…” Dean cleared his throat nervously, opening his eyes again. “Do you want to go dance with me?”
About 30 seconds later, Dean was on his back with a soft thud. Cas didn’t hold him there, though, giving him a chance to collect himself. Dean grunted and looked at Cas, grinning. “Alright. I can take a challenge.”
“You don’t have to tell me,” Charlie said after a moment. “But I think you owe it to yourself to figure out the real reason it’s so hard for you to talk to Dean. It’s not really fair to him, either.”
Dean stumbled a bit as she shoved him, but once he was moving he couldn’t stop his feet from taking him to Cas. Swallowing nervously, Dean walked up to Cas and cleared his throat softly.
Dean laughed. “I could warm you up if you want,” he said flirtatiously, without really thinking about it.
He tried not to think about what Benny had said at the game. It was insane. Cas wasn’t in love with him. Dean just wasn’t worth that level of devotion. There had to be another explanation. Maybe Cas felt bad for him. He’d seen the pathetic darkness behind Dean’s confident facade and he was taking pity on him. Taking care of him and then turning around and mocking him for being so weak.
He ignored Benny asking him if he was alright, and he was walking towards Cas before he even gave his legs permission to move. He hesitated before he reached the concessions, trying to work up the courage. Balthazar wasn’t next to him and the boy’s from Sonny’s weren’t around to interrupt. This could be his only chance.
They parted ways and Dean noticed Cas leaving the cafeteria, holding hands with Balthazar. His stomach turned and he felt sick. He had noticed before that Balthazar’s feelings for Cas were maybe a little more than platonic, but he didn’t think that Cas…
He heard a knock on the door and bounded down the steps excitedly, only to be met with Gordon at the bottom. He frowned and stepped back. “Get out of the way, Gordon. Don’t you know when to quit?”
He held his gun and flashlight out in front of him, ignoring the fact that he hadn’t had them a minute ago, and started kicking open doors.
“Nothing,” Balthazar shrugged, running a hand through his hair and sitting up. “Nothing at all. Let’s study, shall we?”
But Cas couldn’t see it. He stared at Dean and smiled at him like he held the world, and Dean simply didn’t deserve that kind of devotion from Cas. Castiel Novak was everything. He was kind and funny and he deserved nothing less than the best. And that wasn’t Dean.
Cas could feel the weight of Dean’s presence heavy on his heart, and he tried to focus on the book he was reading. That was extremely difficult, though, when Dean was right there and it was just the two of them. This was exactly why he’d been avoiding one-on-one interaction with Dean. It was too easy for him to fall into it and get comfortable, to let Dean in. He had to make a constant effort to keep himself from giving in.
“But daddy, look! I drew a picture!” Castiel held up a crayon drawing he’d done in class. His 1st grade teacher gave them daily words to draw, and today’s word was ‘friend.’ “I made a new friend and Miss Claire said it’s okay to hold hands with friends. Even the boy ones!”
“Balthazar, Gordon said we had to call the cops,” she told him frantically. “You gotta help us get rid of the alcohol. If my parents know there was drinking I’ll be in so much trouble.”
“Cas, please, just--” Dean stared at him, pleading. “I gotta say this, okay? Before you walk away or whatever. I know I screwed up and I scared the hell outta’ you at the carnival and I understand why you hate me but--”
“It’s fine, you can sit with us,” Cas told him, smiling. Dean’s hand was resting on his elbow. He hadn’t stopped touching him, in some way or another, since he’d found him in the hallway. Cas wasn’t sure why that was, but he wasn’t complaining. “Come on, they won’t bite.”
So it was for the best. Dean knew that. But knowing didn’t make it any easier when he got to chemistry class and saw Cas and Balthazar walk in shortly after, holding hands once again.
“You could do what you want to do,” Dean clarified. “What makes you happy. Just so ya know.” Then, quietly, “He can’t say a damn thing about what you do anymore.”
Dean bit back a laugh and wrote his response underneath Robin’s neat scrawl, handing it back to her.
Cas looked at him carefully, slightly confused by the wistful look that the confession put on Dean’s face. “Why’s that?”
They continued paddling until they were pretty far out but still just in view of the others. After a few minutes, they gave it a rest and let the kayak rock with the gentle rhythm of the water. Cas turned around from the front seat to face Dean.
“Look who came for dessert,” the vamp sneered, grinning darkly as she studied Dean hungrily. Gordon was frozen in the corner, sweat and blood dripping from his forehead.
Robin rolled her eyes. “No he won’t. He’s protective but he also knows how much Cas cares about you.”
“Cas, I…” he started. He didn’t want to lie… but what choice did he have? “I… I have never seen that man before in my life,” he said, truthfully. “I don’t know why he attacked me.” Also the truth. Mostly. It clearly had something to do with his dad but how the hell would he know?
Cas looked at the list of partners in disbelief. He didn’t even know Dean was trying out, and now they were partners. Figures.
Dean met Cas’s gaze and swallowed thickly, mouth falling open slightly. “She… She died when I was four.”
Panicked and breathing hard, Dean ran through the halls of the school, trying to find the source of the cries for help.
This time, Dean didn’t have the strength to move away. Instead he closed his eyes and placed his hand on Cas’s shoulder, taking a steadying breath, and then Cas closed the last bit of distance between them.
Eyeing Dean curiously, Sonny sighed and nodded. “Alright then. Well we can go down to the school tomorrow and get it all sorted out. For today, You can help us clean the church after the sermon.”
Dean and Cas pulled the kayak up onto shore, then Dean started wading into the water. “Up for a swim?” he asked Cas with a cocky smile. On the inside he was still kinda freaking out, but he didn’t let it show. “It’s only cold until you go numb.”
“I actually thought…” Cas looked down at his hands in his lap. “I thought the kiss meant that he loved me too. I was stupid…”
Cas let out a shaky breath, then shook his head. He still wasn’t sure if he believed it, but he knew one thing that was real, and that was that Dean was bleeding. “Are you okay to stand?” he asked, his voice unsteady. “We’ve gotta get you cleaned up.”
Dean also got all flustered around him. Cas couldn’t figure out why, but he did notice that he acted differently when others were around. He flirted with Robin like it was as easy as breathing, and he joked around with Benny, Chuck, and Ash like they’d been childhood buds. But for some reason, when he was talking to Cas, Dean’s smooth and careful demeanor seemed to slip away.
He rubbed his hands down his shirt to smooth some of the wrinkles and walked past the other boys wordlessly. He did allow himself a moment to get a better look at Dean.
Dean was touched that Cas had opened up to him like that. He wasn’t expecting so much honesty so soon but he wasn’t complaining. He only wanted to learn more. And Dean had a feeling that there was something more to Cas’s story. He wouldn’t push, not just yet, but he could tell Cas wasn’t telling him everything.
It took a few songs, but eventually Dean found himself having fun. He had never learned how to dance, but he did his best to spin Robin around a few times and keep in time with the music. He never realized he could have this much fun at a lame school dance.
Dean followed the others outside, heart sinking when he saw Castiel on the ground. As he came closer to make sure the boy was okay, he noticed Gordon standing off to the side with a smug look on his face. Temper flaring, he marched out onto the grass and shoved the taller boy’s chest.
They laughed together then fell into comfortable silence. It was starting to get dark, so Robin had to get going.
After the coach’s speech about the integrity of wrestling and all that, everyone split up into pairs, and Dean and Cas found themselves an empty mat. As it turned out, Dean had been going easy on him before. First round, he pinned him like it was nothing. Dean was strong and he wasn’t as inexperienced as Cas had thought. It was very… amusing.
Dean stopped when they reached the house of mirrors, examining himself in one particular mirror that made his head look tiny and his hips look 10 times their actual size.
A flick of movement in the darkness caught his eye, over by the school, and he frowned. Instinctively, he stuck his hand in his pocket and wrapped his fingers around his knife, already walking closer to get a better look.
“One second!” came Robin’s muffled voice inside. Dean smiled and shifted nervously. Then he felt dumb for being nervous. They were just going as friends. They had agreed.
Dean looked around. The room wasn’t exactly huge, but it was surprisingly roomy considering 6 boys lived there. It was actually kinda nice, Dean thought. He even had his own night stand. He’d only ever had a bed to share with Sammy in dirty hotel rooms, so this was practically paradise.
Dean fell to his knees shortly after. He was bleeding from a pretty deep cut on his upper arm, soaking his sleeve, but thankfully no bites.
Dean looked around at all of the boys. Only maybe a quarter of them would make it on the team, he figured. Still, he liked his chances. He didn’t exactly have formal wrestling experience, but he knew how to pin a guy twice his size and barely break a sweat. How hard could high school wrestling be?
Stop it, he scolded himself, averting his gaze and heading to class. If Cas wanted to date Balthazar, he could. Dean couldn’t stop him. And why should he? Even if Cas did want to be with Dean, it would never end well. The life of a hunter didn’t allow for things like love and commitment. The incident at the carnival had made him realize that. They had been lucky. But next time, and there was always a next time for him, what if Cas got hurt? Dean could never forgive himself if he let that happen.
“Bal,” Charlie said with a cautionary tone. “Don’t. It’s over. Cas has accepted it, it’s time for you to do the same. There’s no sense in you getting in trouble too. That’s exactly what Cas was trying to avoid.”
Suddenly Cas was removing his top layer so he was wearing only his undershirt. “Take that off… throw it away and put this on. We have to go.”
Despite his insistence that they avoid cheesy chick flick moments, Dean knew that Cas made him feel something different. He knew Cas was special and now that he had him close, he couldn’t imagine losing him because he went and screwed up like he always did. And hell, if he was being honest, he regretted pulling away when they were on the kayak and they almost… well, whatever. But he couldn’t risk pushing Cas away.
Balthazar laughed, trying to hide how much doing so pained him. “Happy to be of service.” Cas didn’t say anything to that and Balthazar had to look away, licking his lips. “Well, uh… You know… I just wanted to make sure your first kiss was with someone who really loves you.”
Cas woke up with sweat on the back of his neck and tears on his face. He gasped softly and sat up a bit, sniffling as he looked around the room. He was at Sonny’s, not at his house. His dad wasn’t here. He was safe.
Gordon had opted to stay home, a fact that both Dean and Cas were grateful for. Still, it was a tight fit with Benny sitting in the front seat and the other 4 boys crammed in the back seat of Sonny’s truck. Dean sat between Cas and the door, with Chuck and Ash sitting on Cas’s other side. As uncomfortable as the arrangement was, Dean couldn’t complain much that he was damn near sitting in Cas’s lap. Cas was warm and sturdy and Dean couldn’t help but notice that this was the most physical contact they’d shared since the day they met. It was… well, Dean felt like he was going crazy, but it was nice.
“I’ll see you around, little brother,” Gabe told him, wrapping his brother in a tight hug before heading out the door.
They left Sonny’s, and Gordon watched them leave with a smirk. They couldn’t do anything anymore than Cas could.
Shaking her head, Robin turned him around and started pushing him towards Cas. “Don’t worry about it. Just go!”
The boys laughed, watching her with amusement. “And more importantly, let’s drink,” Balthazar said, lifting his beer bottle up and taking a swig.
Still, he couldn’t very well sit back and let this douchebag player named Dean Winchester lead Cas on only to leave him behind when he got bored. He had to do something.
“Ha ha, boys,” Dean said, rolling his eyes and shaking his head to hide his embarrassment. “Hilarious.”
Balthazar winced. “Damn.” He accepted the cream soda gratefully as the three of them sat down at the kitchen table. “And I thought our chem teacher was bad.”
“Now listen, Dean punched one of my officers. That’s a big deal, it’ll have to go on his record. But the store owner isn’t pressing charges. Once I process him, he’s free to go if you could just sign a few papers--”
“I love movie night,” she said with a happy sigh. “Especially when you chumps make the mistake of letting me pick.” She pulled back and grinned at them. “I made popcorn!”
Dean looked up at him again, not sure what to say. He shook his head and helped Cas stumble over to his bed. “Come on, you’re drunk. Let’s get you in some clean and… not puke-covered clothes. What do ya say?”
Cas stared at him, baffled. Who was this Dean Winchester boy and where the hell did he come from? Cas decided he desperately wanted to find out.
“Physics teacher gave us a pop quiz,” Charlie groaned, grabbing a water and two cream sodas from the fridge. “On the first day!”
This was his chance at a normal, apple pie life. He wasn’t going to ruin it by opening a social services investigation into his past.
Dean and Cas broke apart and smiled at each other sheepishly. No chick flick moment, Dean had to remind himself. He ignored the voice telling him that showing up at the carnival and waiting for Cas to get there so he could surprise him was like, Chick Flick 101.
The only reason she wasn’t expelled was because the essay won some sort of scholarly award and the school didn’t want a controversy on their hands. She was given a very stern warning and that was that.
Cas pushed through the crowd again and rushed up the stairs. The bathroom was the first room to the left, and it was empty.
Dean shook his head, pulling his focus back to Robin. Cas didn’t want him around. Robin did. It was that simple.
“Hey Dean, hey Cas,” Robin greeted them at the door where she was handing out fliers for the homecoming game. She was class president this year. Smiling brightly, she told them, “You should definitely come see the game! It’s gonna be a good one this year.”
Ruth nodded sadly. “Poor boy. Let me know if there’s anything I can do to help you, Sonny. I know how hard you try for these boys.”
“My dad,” he answered, heart clenching at the reminder. “He’s… paranoid,” he lied. “I guess I’m a little paranoid, too.”
As he walked into the cafeteria after having grabbed a tray of food, he could feel everyone staring at him. Even Cas was staring, he noticed, and Dean couldn’t meet his eyes. He’d thought they had made progress in chemistry class, but Cas barely spoke a word to him once school was out.
He stayed there, eyes closed tight, for a few more seconds before slowly pulling away. Hesitantly opening his eyes, he saw Cas frozen in time for a moment with his eyes closed and lips parted. Then his eyes blinked open slowly and he smiled at Balthazar.
As the boys ate, Dean couldn’t help but sneak glances at Castiel. He half-heartedly participated in conversation with Benny and Ash, but he was honestly more concerned with learning everything there was to learn about the quiet blue-eyed boy.
Despite Dean’s instincts telling him that fun houses were usually hiding places for things that were most definitely not fun, he couldn’t really say no when Cas looked at him like that.
Dean shook his head. No. He wasn’t staying. He couldn’t just leave Sam, and his dad would come back. Of course he would.
Dean hesitated. He didn’t really know, if he was being honest with himself. Sure, he saw a bit of himself in Cas and he didn’t like when people kicked others around just because they could. But it felt like more than that. And Dean thought it might have something to do with how he felt every time he saw Cas smile or anytime Cas touched him, but he couldn’t exactly say that.
At Charlie’s house, Balthazar met him at the door to let him in. He chuckled softly when he saw the grin on Cas’s face. “Damn, Cassie, I don’t remember you loving wrestling practice so much.”
Cas shared his last class before lunch with Charlie, a fact that he was beyond grateful for. If it wasn’t for her, he would spend a lot more time completely lost, especially since their computer tech teacher was 60 years old and could barely turn her computer on. But Charlie was a natural. She was so good that, in 8th grade, she was nearly expelled when she wrote her final paper on how it was actually super easy to hack into the school records system. Of course, she had to provide a demonstration to prove her point.
“Dean, I...” Cas stopped himself. He couldn’t. He couldn’t get close to Dean and he couldn’t let Dean get close to him. It couldn’t possibly end any way but bad.
“You’re spending more and more time at this boy’s house,” his father said slowly. “I’m not sure I like what he’s putting in your head.”
But he didn’t know how to say any of this to Cas. He thought it would only hurt him more, or push him away. Cas clearly liked Dean, and Balthazar couldn’t really fault him for that. You don’t choose who you fall in love with, it just kinda… happens. Balthazar knew that better than anyone.
The monster lunged at Dean and he threw a punch, groaning through his teeth and shaking his hand out. Shit, that hurt.
Cas took his seat in the front of the room and pulled out his notebook, a few pens, and a pencil. Still allowing his thoughts to run free, he began sketching in the back of his notebook.
It wasn’t until he noticed the bird’s nest teetering on its branch that he finally moved. The mother bird had flown away the second Gordon began shaking the tree, but the nestlings were still there, and they couldn’t fly.
Cas stuck to Dean like glue the whole day, as if he still didn’t believe Dean was alive. He didn’t even go to Balthazar’s house like he usually did on Sunday.
“That motherfucker,” Balthazar growled. “This is his fault. And Anna… that son of a bitch hurt Anna.”
“Yes sir!” Cas saluted sloppily, giggling again. He suddenly stopped, looking over at Dean seriously with his eyes wide. “Dean. Why are you so nice to me?”
Dean’s shoulders slumped as he got ready for bed, brushing his teeth and slipping into some sweatpants before crawling under the covers.
“I guess it’s gettin’ kinda late,” Dean said, yawning and stretching his arms above his head. “I could turn in.” Playing it cool.
“Movie nights have always been my favorite, Bal. Especially when we haven’t had one since last winter.”
Cas blinked, slightly relieved. He pushed himself up into a sitting position, immediately regretting the quick movement, and carefully swung his legs over so he was facing Dean. He leaned in closer to get a better look at the carvings. “Huh,” he said. “These are… really intense anti-demonic Latin symbols. Where did you learn these?”
They went silent for a few moments, then Robin grabbed his hand and met his gaze. “How ‘bout this? You and me, we can go to the dance as friends. And then you’re gonna talk to Cas and tell him how you really feel.”
They walked into class and Dean faltered in his steps as soon as he saw Cas. He tried to play it off and continue to his seat but he knew Cas had seen him. He saw Cas stare at him the second he walked in the door. Dean wished he could figure out what the hell he was thinking when he stared at him like that.
Cas laughed too, then winced when he felt a sharp pain in his ribs. He made a pained noise and groaned, “I think I’m going to be dark and mysterious in my bed, if you don’t mind.” Cas protested but ultimately gave in when Dean rushed to help him stand and walk down the hall. “Uh, thanks,” he said. “For everything. And don’t worry about Gordon. He’s got me as a target and won’t let me go, which is good. It means he spends less time hurting anyone else. I can handle him.”
Dean didn’t go inside right away, instead finding himself wandering towards the tree that Cas had fallen out of when they’d first met. He stood at the base of the trunk for a while, staring up at the mess of branches. Part of him wanted to run after Cas, talk about what had just happened, maybe even continue what had just happened. But he was afraid he’d only push Cas away. He figured it was best to give him space. Things would be awkward at school, they’d talk after the wrestling meet, and then all would be right in the world.
Dean barged into the room to find Cas on the floor and a vampire standing above him with blood dripping from its mouth.
Dean felt a tiny, surprised noise catch in his throat and he looked at their hands. His heart was still racing, but it wasn’t because of the ferris wheel. He gulped and looked at Cas. When had they scooted so close together? Side by side, touching from their thighs to their shoulders all the way to their entwined fingers. Then, because he wanted to, Dean squeezed Cas’s hand tighter, still staring into the boy’s crystal blue eyes.
Cas followed Sonny to the kitchen and took a seat between Chuck and Ash at the table. He saw Dean eyeing him in his peripheral but he didn’t look up.
Luckily, before he could think of an answer, the ride came to a stop and then it was their turn after a loud buzzer. Saved by the bell, more or less.
Robin rolled her eyes. “Dean, you know.” When he didn’t say anything, she continued. “Cas. I’d have to be blind not to see you staring at him.”
After third hour, Dean was actually excited to get to lunch. He did, however, pause for a moment when a bulletin board caught his eye.
“Sure,” Dean said, then cleared his throat when it came out a little too enthusiastic. “I mean, yeah… I, uh… Sure.” Wow. Very smooth. Doing his best to school his features, he smirked at Cas. “If you’re gonna learn, might as well learn from the best.”
“Yeah, see you later,” Cas said, smiling at Balthazar and giving him a hug before heading off to mow the lawn in the back yard.
Quickly shaking that train of thought, Balthazar smiled fondly at Cas. He couldn’t help the swell of hope in his chest at Cas’s excitement for movie night. Yeah, Charlie was there too, but movie night had been a thing for Cas and Balthazar since they were kids. It usually ended with the two of them sitting way too close on the couch until Cas was basically curled up in Balthazar’s lap. He knew Cas just liked being comfortable, but to Balthazar it was so much more than that.
The voice was becoming more familiar as Dean got closer. It was still foggy and Dean couldn’t quite place it.
“That’s what I’m here for,” Robin said, unfazed by the blatant flirtation. She heard that shit all the time, but never from one person in particular.
Sonny chose that moment to enter the living room, smiling when he saw Robin. “Hey there, Robin. Uh boys, have any of you seen Gordon?”
As if reading his thoughts, Cas met his eyes. “I’m not going anywhere,” he promised, closing his eyes and pressing his lips to Dean’s for a few long seconds. “I already made that mistake once.”
“Oh.” Cas plopped back down on the carpet and situated himself across from Balthazar, grabbing the bottle and setting it between the two of them. “Alright, so I just spin it right? And then I kiss… whoever it lands on?”
“Oh shut up,” Benny waved him off, glaring. “You’re just mad because your favorite lunch lady moved to Wisconsin or something.”
The cashier gave him an odd look and Dean swallowed thickly but kept walking. He saw the cashier wave over the cop standing by the door and his stomach dropped. How had he not seen him there before?
“I… I might, maybe, think about staying. Just for a little while. No big deal or anything. Just until my dad comes back.” Dean averted his eyes to hide the vulnerability he knew was there. Still, he could feel Sonny’s warm smile and he couldn’t help but smile a bit himself.
Dean looked at him like he was crazy. No, not crazy. Was Cas drunk? Dean laughed in disbelief and reached out to grab Cas’s hand. “Alright, let’s get you inside.”
Benny and Chuck busted out laughing and Ash glared. “I hate you all, ya know that? I’m gonna get into MIT and then you won’t be laughing.”
“Wrong room,” he said quickly, grabbing Dean’s hand on instinct. “That’s Gordon’s room. Don’t go in there. Ever.”
He looked at Robin, suddenly wondering if he shouldn’t be saying this to her. But she didn’t look hurt or upset. She was actually smiling. Dean swallowed thickly and continued.
Balthazar used two fingers to tilt Cas’s chin up and met his eyes. “You’re not stupid,” he said fiercely. “He is. He’s an idiot not to see what he’s got.” Cas didn’t say anything, so Balthazar sighed and continued. “Who needs that bullshit, anyways? Hell, I’ll take you to the dance, and you can show Dean that you could give a damn.”
“Look, I get it, you don’t like me,” Dean continued, and Balthazar scoffed. “But I care about Cas. I just need him to know that I lo--” He stopped abruptly, the words unwilling to crawl up his throat. “I just need to talk to him.”
Dean startled, looking up at Sonny with wide eyes. He tried to remember the last time he’d heard those words directed at him. Nothing came to mind.
Dean tried to convince him to go outside or play a card game or even go take a shower, but Cas refused to leave his side. So Dean held him as they sat or laid on Cas’s bed, rubbing his back and promising him it would be okay, that he was okay, that they were safe.
Dean took it in for a moment longer before shaking himself out of his haze and tossing his jacket on the middle left bed. It’s not like it mattered anyways. “Thanks,” he muttered, and Sonny left the room to give him some space to adjust.
Robin turned to look at Dean, then, and her blushed deepened. “It was sweet what you did, too…” she smiled shyly. “Standing up to Gordon like that.”
The boys went back to talking about cheerleaders but Dean’s thoughts wandered elsewhere. He had already been considering trying out for the wrestling team, but now that he knew Cas would be there? Well, this could be his chance to finally have a proper conversation with the boy. Screw playing it cool. He at least wanted to thank him for stopping Gordon from beating the shit out of him. Sure, he could’ve handled him, but he would’ve ended up with more than a bruised rib.
Cas hesitated. He didn’t really know what to say that wouldn’t make him sound crazy. “I… I guess you’re just too charming to resist,” he said at last, a teasing glint in his eyes. Dean grinned
“Dean,” Cas cut in, more insistent this time, and Dean shut his mouth. “I don’t hate you,” he said, frowning. “You… you really thought I could ever hate you?”
Cas beamed. Gabe had always made it a point to tell him how proud he was. Cas loved him for that. “Yeah, first meet next week,” he said. “You should come see me… if you can.”
Cas took a deep, shaky breath and his shoulders slumped a bit. “I… I kissed Dean,” he whispered, closing his eyes tightly.
Thinking back to the carnival, Dean felt sick. Maybe Cas was more afraid of him than he’d let on after what had happened. Dean had tried to make things go back to normal but maybe that was wishful thinking. Cas had seen the darkness in him and it was too much.
Anger bubbling up at the thought, Gordon picked up the pace and grabbed the boy by the shoulder, shoving him roughly to the ground and kicking him in the side. Again, then again.
Cas made sort of a gasp and a yelp noise all in one, and he covered his mouth, blushing. Dean thought it was adorable, and closer to what felt normal for them. “I, uh…”
“Let’s just get back to Sonny’s,” Cas said, trying to stay focused on taking care of Dean’s injuries. Glancing at the scratches across his cheek, Cas realized with a start that he was only alive because of Dean. “Why would you jump in the way like that? It could’ve killed you.”
Dean and Cas meant to part ways for class, before realizing they were walking the same way. They both laughed awkwardly.
Still, he knew Cas was special. And he knew that it was extremely important that he needed to get Cas to talk to him. And with wrestling try-outs coming up, he knew exactly how he was going to do that.
“I think you dropped this,” he whispered. Robin bit her lip and took the pencil from him, trading it for a folded up piece of paper. Dean looked at and then looked at her like ‘seriously?’
Cas frowned. “The, uh… the stories. Werewolves, pure silver stake to the heart. Ya know all those legends.”
They made their way towards the other boys and as soon as they were within striking distance, they were met by a squirt gun attack like none that anyone had ever witnessed before. Ash, Benny, and Chuck were all piled into the kayak, armed with water pistols and going absolutely nuts.
Balthazar grinned at the determined look on Castiel’s face. “Love, there’s a bottle right next to you. The one you just finished drinking out of.”
“Bal,” Charlie said hesitantly, touching his arm as they walked a ways behind Dean and Cas. “Try to have fun, okay? And try to be happy for Cas. You and I both know he hasn’t been this happy in a really long time.”
“He doesn’t want to see you,” Balthazar said, low and dangerous. He did his best not to let his voice rise in anger, not wanting Cas to hear from the other room. “You’ve got some nerve just showing up here after what you did.”
“Why’s that? Is he in danger or something?” Cas looked at Dean with concern. If there was anything he understood, it was looking out for a little sibling.
Zachariah looked up when he heard that, and it was almost as if there were actual flames in his eyes. “Castiel, that is disgusting,” he said firmly. He grabbed the drawing, crumpled it, and threw it in the trash. “I will not have my son holding hands with boys and becoming some kind of homo.”
Scattered groans of protest erupted from the other boys, but Dean couldn’t help the way his lips twitched up in a small smile. He had a room, albeit a shared one. He had new clothes, he had a bed that was his, he had chores. It was so… normal. He never thought he could have anything close to normal. Maybe this was his chance at that apple pie life he’d always been too scared to even think of.
“What do you mean?” Balthazar asked, confused. A dozen thoughts raced through his skull, half of them leaving him painfully hopeful and the other half just painful.
Dean shook his head, staring out at the field where a couple of players were getting warmed up. “I’m pretty sure he doesn’t wanna talk to me. I’ve tried.”
“It’s… complicated.” Dean sighed. “I keep thinking how I need to get back to him. But for some reason I just can’t leave.” His thoughts wandered back to Cas. Truthfully, he knew exactly what it was that was keeping him here.
“Actually, kinda, yeah,” Dean said, flat out smirking. “Funny that you think you scare me,” he continued, then his expression turned serious. “But you can buzz off, ‘cuz I’m not playing games or whatever. I care about Cas. You can believe me or not, I really don’t care. But it’s the truth.”
“So…” Cas laughed breathlessly, sitting cross-legged with his hands clasped in his lap. “How do we do this?”
A girl Cas recognized piped up, “I did! She was over there. She grabbed a drink and then I think she had to go to the bathroom.”
He was really trying. He was going to school, doing his homework, flirting with a pretty girl who he was pretty sure was flirting back. How much more normal could he get? Then again, Dean didn’t really know the first thing about normal. His only idea of normal was vengeful spirits and werewolves and crappy motel rooms.
“Hey, Dean!” she said with a smile as she bounced over to him, pecking his cheek. “What do you think? The theme is Stairway to Heaven. I know it’s cliche, but…”
After the merry-go-round, Charlie suggested they play some games. There was a game where you had to pop balloons on a wall with darts, and Dean wore a cocky grin as he stepped up. He handed the guy enough tickets to go three rounds (the amount needed to have his pick of any prize) and grabbed the handful of darts the guy gave him.
“Today’s a new day,” Dean told him. Cas couldn’t figure out if his confidence was more amusing or arousing.
He just wished they could go back to normal. Back to friends. Back to casual flirting and touching that made Dean feel warm and happy but didn’t have to change anything. A kiss… Well, as much as Dean wished it didn’t, a kiss changed everything.
The man lunged at him and Dean couldn’t move out of the way fast enough. He was knocked to the ground, and he struggled against the man for almost a minute before the knife sunk into the old man’s gut. He went limp above Dean and Dean pushed the man off of him, laying there in shock for he didn’t know how long.
This was exactly why Cas didn’t like thinking about it too hard. He got carried away and it was hard to come back down.
Dean shoved his hands in his pockets and forced the words out of his mouth. “I need to talk to Cas.”
Dean smiled. “‘Course I’m okay.” He hesitated, unsure if he wanted to say what he was about to say. “Cas, I…”
Dean cleared his throat, shaking his head once, twice. Cas glanced at him over his shoulder, furrowing his brow.
A broken, desperate breath fell from Dean’s lips and then he was grabbing Cas’s face and kissing him with everything he had. Cas melted against him and his hands landed on Dean’s hips, fingers curling into his shirt. Dean moaned into his mouth, soft and wanting and heart-wrenchingly sad.
“Yeah,” Balthazar choked out. “That’s good.” Then, in a low mumble not really meant for anyone but himself, “Just don’t get too attached.”
“I-I get a room?” Dean stuttered out, stunned, without meaning to. Quickly collecting himself, he shrugged his shoulders and stuffed his hands in his pockets. He only winced a little when the leather rubbed his raw wrists. “I mean, yeah, uh, sure. I guess I can stick around for one night.”
Maybe Benny was right. Perhaps Dean could use a distraction that wasn’t going to end with him hurting someone he cared about. Robin was great at distracting him from Cas, but he knew that he was only going to hurt her and he hated it.
“Hey, that’s my foot!” Ash complained, swatting his hand away, and Chuck burst out into giggles. “No touchy!”
“You’re not,” she whispered, catching her bottom lip between her teeth and squeezing his hand. She smiled at him and Dean glanced down at her lips. God it was hard to resist. “Well?”
Running back into the room, he found Cas exactly as he’d left him, staring wide-eyed at his trembling hands.
“No way am I letting any of them slip through the cracks. If I would’a had someone there to help me, I wouldn’t have gotten into so much trouble back in the day. All they need is someone to believe in them.”
Dean stared up at Cas in silence, only the sound of his breathing between them. He felt like his heart was going to beat out of his chest. He felt warm and heavy and breathless and Cas was leaning in closer.
Robin laughed a bit, shaking her head. “No. I knew this wasn’t some epic romance. Not starring me, anyways.”
“What?” Benny asked, holding his hands up. “I’m not judging. Just saying it’s obvious, the way you look at him.”
Cas stopped short when Dean’s hand was ripped from his and the boy was being tackled to the floor by someone Cas didn’t recognize. “Dean!” Cas cried, standing frozen in fear.
The rest of the week went pretty much the same. Cas ignored Dean when they were at Sonny’s, and he made polite conversation at best when they were at school. Things were not going how Dean had planned at all. At least Benny and the others were treating him like one of the guys. That did make him feel a little better.
“Hold on,” Zachariah said, looking up at Cas through his glasses. He was sitting in his chair reading, and he rarely paid attention to much else when was reading. That’s how Cas knew it wasn’t the good kind of ‘hold on.’
Balthazar’s head snapped up when Cas spoke softly. It barely came out as words so he cleared his throat and tried again. “Movie night sounds good,” he whispered.
Dean cursed under his breath as his hands were cuffed behind his back and he was ushered into the back of the deputy’s car.
“Yes I want the truth!” Even as Cas said it, he wasn’t entirely sure he did. Still, he got down on his knees, level with Dean, and stared at him pleadingly. Scared, confused, but blessedly unharmed.
“Y-Yeah, I think so,” Dean told him, rising to his feet with a wince. He reached up to touch his neck and his fingers came away bloody.
“It’s just me, Dean,” Cas said softly, his features heavy with worry. “You’re safe. It was just a dream.”
“Is he gonna be in trouble?” Anna asked, wiping the tears from her face as they walked outside. “They were taking my clothes off, I thought…” she trailed off, choking out a sob. Balthazar felt anger surge through him and he wrapped his arm around her tightly.
“Cas…” Dean exhaled, his chest heaving as he struggled to compose himself. He could feel heat coiling in his gut and he swallowed thickly, opening his eyes to look at Cas. He smiled hesitantly when Cas opened his eyes to look at him, but his smile just as soon fell when he saw Cas’s expression shift.
Balthazar folded his arms over his chest and leaned back, working his jaw and trying to bite his tongue.
“I know,” Gabe said, smiling sadly. “Me too. But you know dad’ll have my head if he finds out I was here.”
Sonny glanced at him, frowning at the sullen look on his face and the slouch of his shoulders. “I probably shouldn’t tell you this,” he said. “But Charlie’s house is just a block away from the school. He’s been staying there for a few days now. It’s the house on the corner by the flower shop. When you’re ready to take that first step, you can find him there.”
The next few days, Dean kept his head down and gave Cas some space. At school, he worked quietly in chem lab and didn’t try to start anything. He was waiting for the right time.
“Oh shut up before you hurt yourself, idiot,” Ash said. “No way they left the house after lights out, Sonny wouldn’t have that shit. You’re imagining things.”
Almost as adorable as way Cas’s forehead scrunched up in chem lab when he was focusing really hard on something…
Then (again, simply because he wanted to), Dean brought his free hand up to cup Cas’s barely stubbled cheek. He slid his hand around until his thumb rested just below Cas’s ear and his fingers disappeared into thick black hair.
In his second match, Dean did a better job at not focusing on Cas. It was close, but Dean pinned the other boy and won the match. The crowd cheered, and Dean noticed that Robin was sitting a few rows up from the team. He smiled at her. All he needed was a different face to direct his focus to.
“Wait, you’re not bird boy,” the other boy said, and Dean realized it was Gordon. Then, with smugness in his tone, “Oh well, just as well I kick the shit out of you.” And he was about to do just that when he suddenly hit the ground hard, groaning. “What the--”
“Sure thing,” Dean told her, smiling back. “There are definitely worse ways to spend my morning than walking to class with a pretty lady like yourself.”
Dean had decided to take a stab at playing it cool with Cas. Maybe if he gave the boy space and stopped with the longing doe eyes Cas would eventually come around. Playing hard to get had worked for him before, maybe it could help him out here too.
His head was spinning far too fast to find the answers. For now, he thought, he would just hold Cas for as long as he was allowed. It wasn’t as if he had the strength to move away even if he wanted to
Cas let him go, then held out his hand for Dean again as he stood up. He studied Dean’s expression, something like a kicked puppy, and he made his decision. He didn’t know what changed exactly. Maybe he was just tired of lying to himself every day. “So, how about we get that coffee?”
“So, what’re you in for? Oh, and I’m Benny by the way. And that dick head is Ash, you can ignore him.”
Before he could lose his mind, Dean slowly pulled away, not opening his eyes for a few seconds. He felt Robin’s breath against his lips and he blinked his eyes open, watching as she did the same.
“What was that now? Couldn’t hear ya.” Gordon’s eyes darkened and he hopped up onto the bottom branch, beginning to sway and put his entire weight into shaking the trunk. He smirked up at Cas as he struggled to keep his grip on the tree. He continued shaking the tree and taunting Cas. “Don’t feel like talking, huh? Fine by me.”
Cas lifted his head and gasped quietly when Dean was standing only a few inches away. He was all too aware of Dean’s hand coming to rest gently on his neck, of his fingers burying themselves in his hair. His skin prickled under the touch and he stared up at Dean in stunned silence.
The opportunity to say anything at all was lost when Cas cleared his throat and turned his attention back to his notebook. Dean felt like he’d screwed up his only chance.
Cas stared at him silently, and he felt tears come to his eyes. He wiped them away and shook his head. “Dean…”
Balthazar had been sitting slouched over, hands clasped and elbows resting on his legs as he practically vibrated with rage. He looked at Cas and tried to calm his breathing. “What he did to you, Cas… What he did to Anna… I think about it every day. You’re right, I know that, but I can’t… I can’t help but lose it when I see him.”
Chuckling softly, Balthazar shook his head. “Haha, Cassandra.” He paused. “I saw you were talking to Dean.”
“Study group tonight?” Charlie asked, breaking the thick silence at the lunch table. Balthazar smiled tensely at her and then touched Cas’s shoulder when he just shrugged, staring at his food.
“Yeah, Cas?” Dean responded softly. He had no idea what he was doing, he just knew that he wanted to. He knew that he was doing what made him happy. He was just waiting for confirmation that Cas wanted it too…
“Lots of reasons,” Benny said vaguely. “There’s all these rumors but one thing I know is he got in some trouble with the cops and his dad told him not to come home.”
“Alright, boys, there’s a list right here with partners. Everyone is paired up based on weight class, and you’ll have three rounds to show me what you’ve got. You impress me, I’ll see you again tomorrow.”
Taking a seat between the two boys, Charlie focused her attention on Cas and grinned. “So you took my advice,” she said, a mix of excitement and ‘I-told-you-so.’ “I told you it would all be fine once you just talked to the guy.”
Cas looked like he was going to say something but he just nodded silently. He looked back at Balthazar and Charlie and smiled a bit. It’s okay, he told them without words. Balthazar relaxed a bit, but he wasn’t happy about it.
Dean actually won a medal at the meet. He hadn’t even realized it was a big deal kind of event but he won all but one match and apparently it was some sort of tournament. Dean actually allowed himself a moment to feel proud of his achievement. He wondered if his dad would be proud of him.
“I know,” Cas said, sighing. “I’m sorry. But I assure you it wasn’t because I hate you. Quite the opposite, actually.”
“Wait!” Dean knocked on the door again, insistent. Balthazar opened it again, his eyes dark, and Dean was growing desperate. “I never wanted to hurt Cas. I swear. I messed up.”
Castiel didn’t even look up at the sound of his name. Dean glanced at him curiously. This place was wack job central.
“No one can know,” Cas said, looking up at him with wide eyes. “I can’t… I have to keep her safe. No one can know she was involved. This is on me.”
He grabbed Dean’s hand and then they were standing face to face again. Dean didn’t know how to tell Cas that he didn’t want to go, but he didn’t have a choice. He didn’t know how to tell him that he wanted nothing more than to stay there with Cas and never go anywhere else ever again. He didn’t know how to say that he couldn’t have a normal life and he couldn’t do that to Cas. He didn’t know how to tell him that he loved him.
He hurried as quietly as he could downstairs and grabbed the phone from the kitchen. He dialed Balthazar’s number. “Please pick up, please pick up…”
The three of them didn’t say a word on the way to the bowling alley. Even then, Charlie only spoke to tell the cashier they wanted one round of bowling for the three of them. And to order three beers.
Dean huffed out a bitter, dark laugh. Gordon had a point. He pushed away from him and glared at the boy. “Good. You try running your mouth and I swear to god you’ll regret it.”
“Uh, hey Cas,” Dean greeted. He smiled, surprised, and stared at Cas for a minute before speaking again. “Something wrong with you usual seat?”
Dean watched Cas and his friends from the back of the room, trying to quell the jealousy he felt. He couldn’t deny that it hurt that Cas still wouldn’t talk to him. And seeing him so happy and open with his friends made Dean long to have that with Cas.
Dean’s gaze shifted around and he looked just past Cas’s eyes. “My dad is, uh… It’s complicated. He does the best he can but… He’s not around much. I can’t really explain it.”
“So our first wrestling meet is tomorrow,” Dean continued, smiling when Cas looked at him. “And, well, I was wondering if you could show me a few things.”
“You didn’t do anything wrong, Dean,” Cas said after what felt like a lifetime, so quiet that Dean wasn’t even sure he heard him correctly. “I just don’t want anyone else to get hurt because of me.”
Dean’s face twisted up in confusion but he followed her, out of the cafeteria, down the hall, and outside. She led him to an old metal bench, tucked away underneath the bleachers at the football stadium. “What’s this?”
The fun house wasn’t very busy, so it was just Dean and Cas going through. Animatronics and sound effects meant to make them jump were scattered around the place, and Dean barely even flinched. He noticed with some amusement and fond admiration that Cas startled every single time, clutching his stuffed bee tightly. He also noticed, of course he did, that Cas was gripping his hand and refusing to let go the entire time.
“Has anyone seen my sister? Short red-headed girl, way too young to be drinking? Anyone?” Cas pushed through the crowd.
“Yeah, you do,” Benny said, staring at him with a deadpan expression. “Look, man, it’s fine if you don’t wanna talk about… whatever’s been going on with you two. But it’s eatin’ at you, I can tell. Just talk to him, for god’s sake.”
Though, despite how fantastic Robin was at distracting him from his troubles, deep down he knew that’s all it was. A distraction. It wasn’t that he didn’t like Robin, but it was just another one of his silly crushes. He’d get over it and then he’d be alone again. But Cas…
Dean shrugged, smiling just a bit, and Cas couldn’t help but watch him. Perhaps there was more to Dean than Cas had initially thought.
He was grateful when he heard the other boys bounding down the hall and into the room. At least when they weren’t alone, he didn’t have to feel so bad for ignoring Dean.
“Yeah, Mr. Ellison, I’ve got a situation here… Yeah, do you have the space? No, not that, he was just here… I can’t believe it, he just left… Yeah, I’ll let him know... His name’s Dean. Thanks, Sonny. Bye, now.”
Cas shook his head, wiping the tears that fell without his permission. “I’m so stupid,” he muttered.
Dean lost his first match. He was distracted by Cas sitting in the front row on the bleachers with the rest of the team. Cas still wasn’t looking at him.
“Balthazar, I--” The words got caught in his throat and he slowly turned to look at Balthazar. Balthazar swallowed hard when he saw how much blood was on his hands. Shit.
“Nope, you love us,” Balthazar said cheerily, pushing the glasses up on his nose. “I think this is a good look for me, no?”
They didn’t even try to find Charlie and Balthazar, just making a line for the exit. Cas held his stuffed bee against his chest with one hand and latched onto Dean’s hand with the other. Neither of them said a word until they got to Sonny’s. Thankfully, Sonny and the other boys were too busy with dinner to notice Dean and Cas come in.
They sat at the bowling lane, no one moving to start the game right away. For a few minutes no one spoke, until Cas broke the silence.
“God, he is! And there’s an odd number in the class, so guess who’s stuck with him as a lab partner? This guy.”
Balthazar clicked his tongue and laughed cynically, looking up at the ceiling and then down at the floor. “Fine. I promise…” He paused, looking up at Cas. “For Anna.”
“Trust me,” Dean said, grunting softly in pain. “They’re very real. Oh, and ghosts, too. Vampires, shapeshifters, witches, the whole deal. All real.”
“Oh really?” Robin asked with a smile, trying to hide her disappointment. “Sounds awesome. I’ll, uh… I’ll see you around then, Cas.”
Robin sighed sullenly, watching him go. She only took a moment to feel sorry for herself, though, quickly schooling her features and stepping through the front door. “Knock knock!” she announced cheerfully.
“I…” Dean hesitated. He knew he’d fucked up, but he couldn’t figure out exactly what Balthazar was referring to. He shook his head and met Balthazar’s eyes seriously. “Please, I need him to know that I--”
Balthazar wrinkled his nose. He couldn’t help it. He was about to say something he’d probably regret when Charlie came back from the bathroom.
As brief and awkward as the interaction was, it rooted a tiny sapling of hope in Cas’s heart. Maybe Dean missed him. Maybe he was just hurt after Cas ran away. Maybe…
Fine, Dean figured. He’d told Cas to tell him to go if he wanted him gone, and in not quite so many words, he’d done just that. Well at least now Dean knew where he stood. There was no point in sugar coating it. He still didn’t understand it, but he didn’t need to keep holding out hope.
When Sonny pulled up in front of the house, the four boys hopped out and headed inside. “Dinner in fifteen minutes!” Sonny called out.
“Yeah, I’m sure you can,” Dean said with only a hint of sarcasm. “But it never hurts to have someone that’s got your back.” Dean led him to a door and reached for the knob but Cas stopped him.
Cas didn’t move or say a word, just stared at Dean. Dean couldn’t tell if the fear in his eyes was just fear of what was happening or if it was fear of Dean. He hoped it wasn’t the latter, though he wouldn’t blame him.
Thankfully for Cas, Charlie and Balthazar saved him from the awkwardness, grabbing him by each of his arms and walking him the rest of the way to class.
Sitting down next to Robin on the couch, Dean asked, “Who’s Gordon? I thought it was just the four boys.”
Balthazar let out a soft, choked laugh. “I’m just making shit up as I go, Cassie,” he said, shaking his head as tears spilled from his eyes. “I don’t have a goddamn clue.” Pausing, he looked at Cas and he knew he had to say something, even if he didn’t know what. “But Cas…” he began, taking a shaky breath. “If you really love Dean… Maybe you should tell him. He might surprise you. And you can’t let it eat you up inside.”
“Bal, I know it’s hard for you,” Charlie sighed. “But tell me honestly, when was the last time you saw Cas this happy? Really, honest-to-god happy?”
Dean let out a breath he didn’t realize he was holding, and he couldn’t help but smile. “Me neither. I don’t wanna leave.”
Cas couldn’t move for a few moments. He was having a hard time believing this was actually happening. Dean had barely even looked at him since their kiss, and now he was insisting that they sleep in the same bed. Cas told himself it was just the nightmare.
They both stood there for a few moments in silence, and Balthazar actually found himself feeling guilty. Before he could lose the courage, he said, “So Dean, uh… Charlie and Cas and I are going to this carnival thing this weekend. If you, um… You can come along if you want.”
“I like it,” Dean said honestly. He looked around at the pure white decorations, the fake staircase which served as the photoshoot backdrop, and the banner reading ‘Stairway to Heaven’ that hung above the stage. “Do you have a minute?” he asked after a moment of hesitation. She gave him a worried look but nodded, following him outside.
“Gabe?” he choked out, slowly standing up and then practically running across the room to grab the older boy in a tight hug. Gabriel chuckled softly and wrapped his arms around his brother.
“Oh yeah?” Balthazar smiled. Whatever made Cas happy, Balthazar couldn’t possibly argue with it. “What’s the dopey grin for, then?”
“That sounds like fun,” Cas said, smiling at the flush on Dean’s cheeks. What was he being so damn bashful about?
“Alright boys, everyone finished? Let’s get movin’,” Sonny said, coming back into the kitchen. “Everyone knows their assignments.”
Dean looked at Sonny, a moment of fear washing over him. Did he know that he’d snuck out? Was he going to kick him out? Turn him over to the cops and then social services? He’d never see Sammy again…
And all of that was fine, until he saw out of the corner of his eye that Cas was still standing there, frozen in place. “Cas, dammit, run!” Dean cried desperately. His heart dropped when the monster paused to look back at where Cas was standing. The werewolf jumped off of Dean and growled before lunging at Cas. Dean rushed after it, heart pounding with fear and adrenaline.
Cas watched him, barely even realizing he was staring, and he couldn’t help but feel some sense of guilt. Sure, they had been talking a little bit, but only in class. At Sonny’s Cas still found it difficult to even look at him. It was one thing to talk to Dean in a classroom setting where they had to stay mostly focused on their assignments. But at home… Cas was afraid of what might happen if he let himself cross that line.
Dean was already on his way there when Charlie and Balthazar came to pick Cas up in Charlie’s sister’s car. Cas had been slightly disappointed when Dean said he had plans for the night. He’d wanted to invite him to the carnival. But he was excited to spend the day with Balthazar and Charlie in any case.
Cas startled, flinching away and looking up at Dean with an expression that Dean couldn’t place. He could only assume it was fear, and his heart sunk. He backed away. “I… I’m sorry.” Dean turned and rushed out of the gymnasium, busying himself at the drinking fountain.
Dean looked around, trying to keep his breathing even. There weren’t any cameras that he could see and there was just the one cashier. He could do this.
Dean had forgotten the biggest reason he hated school. He was always the new kid, always the mysterious weirdo that came and left in a year or less. Even though he’d been there for almost a week and he had actually made a few friends, people still stared at him.
She sighed and turned to the boy with a polite smile. “You must be the new kid Cas mentioned. I’m Robin,” she told him, shrugging the guitar off her shoulders and sitting on the couch.
“Bullshit,” Ash scoffed. “You two have been making googly eyes at each other in chemistry this whole week.”
The whole thing gave Cas a (very dangerous) sense of hope. Maybe Charlie was right. Maybe Dean did like him. And maybe Cas liked him back. And maybe Cas was getting way ahead of himself, but he felt giddy and jumpy and fluttery in a way he had never experienced and he actually liked it.
After class was over, Dean even walked him to his next class before heading to his own. Cas’s heart skipped a beat when Dean laid a hand on his shoulder and patted it lightly before he was on his way.
“Are you sure you’re alright?” Dean asked once more, and Cas laughed softly. It actually felt really good to have Dean worrying about him.
Cas finished eating before the other boys who were too busy talking to actually eat (except for Ash who was under the implication he could do both simultaneously). He stood stiffly and took his plate to the sink, wiping it clean and setting it to the side. Cas had noticed the new kid Dean staring at him throughout lunch. It was nothing he wasn’t used to. The other boys stared at him the same way. Intrigued, but not necessarily in a good way. There was almost always a hint of fear.
Sitting up slowly, Dean watched him go, hurt and confused and trying to figure out what the hell just happened.
He startled when Charlie sat down next to him. He looked up and saw her eyes widen a little in realization as she looked at his notebook. Cas was a very detailed artist and there was no mistaking those eyes.
Green eyes, freckles, light brown hair that almost looked blonde in the sunlight, all wrapped up in flannel and blue jeans. And unfairly handsome. That was what Dean looked like.
Balthazar sighed and met his eyes again. “I… I’m sorry. I’m just so used to keeping you safe,” he told Cas, a small smile tugging at his lips. Smirking, he added, “Someone’s gotta look out for your dumbass self.”
Cas felt like he was suffocating. He didn’t even realize where he was running until he practically collapsed on Balthazar’s front porch. Not even a minute later, Balthazar was opening the door. “Cas?” he said, frowning and helping Cas to his feet. He was shaking and close to tears and he looked like he was going to drop to the ground again. “Cas, Jesus, what happened to you?”
“Balth?” Charlie said, snapping him out of his thoughts as they walked to the lunchroom together. “Hey, are you alright?”
Cas was opening up to him more and more, and Dean was soaking it all in, but as soon as they weren’t alone, his walls went up. Although, he couldn’t really blame Cas for that. He did the same thing.
Cas shook his head again. “No. Not… I… I don’t know. It didn’t feel wrong, but I just… I don’t know how…”
They sat in silence for a while, except for Benny nudging him and pointing at the cheerleaders when they started their routine. “If you don’t got a girlfriend or a boyfriend, then maybe what you need is a distraction.”
Dean laughed as Cas dragged him along to the ferris wheel, plopping down in a seat next to Cas, with the stuffed bee sitting on the opposite side. Balthazar and Charlie grabbed a seat a few spokes behind them.
“What happened?” John asked, looking over at Dean, disappointment in his eyes. Dean swallowed hard, but he couldn’t speak. He deserved that look. He’d been caught. That was one of the number one rules. Be smart, don’t get caught.
“Whatever,” Cas laughed. “Now shut up and put on a movie or something. I’ve got some time before curfew.”
“Touching,” he said. “Cassie, looks like you’ve got two heroes coming to your rescue. How pathetic.”
“So that’s why you feel like you’ve gotta protect him,” Cas said softly, understanding even though he didn’t even know the half of it. Dean looked back at him, and he couldn’t say a word. He simply nodded, swallowed hard, watched as Cas looked at him. Dean didn’t recognize that look. He couldn’t quite place it.
She sobbed and wrapped her arms around his chest. “Balthazar,” she whimpered, and he hugged her tight as he looked around the room.
Dean reached out to help Castiel to his feet, not believing him for a second. “No way. You’re not climbing up there again after that fall. You need to rest up, Cas.”
At the thought of his father, Castiel lost track of what was happening around him. He vaguely registered Dean and Robin talking softly to each other, but it didn’t matter. He couldn’t help but think of every lesson his dad had drilled into his mind… He was wrong. He was disgusting. He was a disgrace. And the way Dean’s hands felt against his skin only made matters worse. It was distracting.
Maybe Dean just needed to make an effort to be more open, and Cas would reciprocate. A day at the lake, carefree and low pressure, sounded like the perfect time to give the whole open honesty thing a try.
Cas hushed him and crawled up into Dean’s bed, holding the boy to his chest. He rubbed his back gently and whispered calming nothings in his ear. Cas started singing softly and Dean choked out a sob as he recalled something he’d long-since forgotten.
“Well it’s a two way street we’ve got goin’ here,” Dean laughed softly. “The flirting and all… Don’t tell me I’m just seein’ things that ain’t there.”
Cas laughed, but trailed off as his attention was drawn to the cafeteria entrance. Dean walked in, looking uncomfortable even as he made his way to the table where Benny and the others were sitting. The stares from the other students hadn’t quite died down yet.
Sonny nodded, looking between the boys and not entirely believing him. He saw the way Dean winced when he stood up, saw the way he held his side. “Well, thank god he didn’t,” he told them. “Dean, how ‘bout you clean up the dishes? Then we can talk about getting you signed up for school.”
Gordon ran out of the bathroom and Dean rolled his eyes. “Yeah, don’t thank me for saving your ass or anything.”
He didn’t notice Cas watching him. He didn’t see the hurt in his eyes or the hope… or the love. And he didn’t know that Cas was still awake long after everyone else had fallen asleep, just watching Dean. Wishing. Hoping. He had no idea that all Cas wanted to do was go to him and hold him close and never let him go.
“Gordon is… well, it’s a long story,” Robin said, frowning. “He’s a jerk. Cas always tried to protect people when Gordon picked on them, so Gordon decided to target him instead. And Anna…” Robin trailed off, stopping herself. It wasn’t her place.
“I wasn’t going to,” Cas admitted. “But since try-outs… We’ve just been talking and… I don’t know, it’s just been so easy. It’s like we’ve known each other forever or something.”
Cas nodded. He could do that. He was pretty sure he was learning how to read Dean more and more. Maybe deciphering his poker face in actual poker would help him understand Dean a bit better outside the game.
“Thank you, Ruth,” Castiel spoke up, barely audible to the rest of the room. He smiled thankfully at the women and Dean couldn’t help but notice he had a nice smile.
Cas scrunched his face. “I said I would never drink again and I meant it. But I do like mozzarella sticks.”
