“Because you needed it. Because I’ve been wanting to do it for a long time. Because I love you and wanted to make you feel good.”
His bondmate.
Five months had passed since that night, and John’s longing had kept increasing, because he wanted to be more than friends with Sherlock.
All in all John was feeling happy about how his life was shaping up. He had the freedom to come and go at his leisure, to explore London and discover how much it had changed since he latest visit, and Sherlock treated him as a flatmate bordering on friend, with no orders and no commands.
It had turned out all Coleman wanted was to retain his position and have a warmth body to shag when he was in the mood. Nothing else.
“All right, Brother. I’ll bond with one of them. Will you be able to find one quickly? I suppose they are quite uncommon.”
Sherlock turned on his heels and left the room in a whirl of dark coat and blue scarf and John could only make a helpless gesture to the perplexed Lestrade before rushing out to catch up with his friend’s long legs and quick strides.
“Brixton, Lauriston Gardens.”
“Oh well, all good things end, sooner or later.” Sherlock shrugged. “And how is your wife? Is she away for long?”
John took a deep breath to steady himself, then put his hand on the knob and pushed open the door.
Sherlock was still the Sherlock he had always trusted: genius, self-proclaimed sociopath and the best man John had ever met.
John just nodded, unable to summon any kind of enthusiasm or even interest at the news.
John resolutely returned his gaze to the newspaper, hoping Sherlock had been too engrossed in his work to notice he was staring at him. Again.
The unseeing eyes blinked once, twice and Sherlock seemed to snap out his trance-like state. Surprise bloomed on his face as he looked down at his captive.
“Why, Sherlock?” he asked softly but firmly. There was no reason to elaborate the question.
…it was left unsaid, but he heard it all the same.
“Yes. I’m perfectly fine. Just resting.”
Suddenly, the silence of the flat was broken by a strange noise. Sherlock tensed his ears, trying to discover its source. The noise repeated and Sherlock’s heart skipped a beat: it came from upstairs, from John’s bedroom and it seemed a sound of distress. In a blink he left the room and took the stairs two at time, reaching the bedroom just as the noise, a cross between a moan and a cry, sounded again.
The woman, an Omega, pulled back from Sherlock and looked at John with an interrogative expression.
Sherlock lowered his eyes. “I didn't imagine you would feel like this. I just saw a strong man, full of life and passion. I presumed you would be like all the people I met in my life, especially after you tried to seduce me in the shower….”
Then there were all the questions he wanted to ask...Could humans be turned in vampires? Did Sherlock ever analyze his own blood? Of course he must have done it, he was Sherlock Holmes! What did he find? How had he planned to erase John’s memory? Were there other vamp-
“Touch me,” John begged and Sherlock rushed to wrap his hand around his little Omega erection, sliding it up and down, first hesitantly, then more confidently as John’s cries became sharper.
This was not just about him. There was another person involved. John’s life would be tied to his as much as his own would be tied to John—for the rest of their lives.
“Is that loathing or a salute? One of a kind, the one woman who matters.” Mycroft mused aloud.
“Is this all right?” John whispered, looking down at him.
What Mycroft had told him about Sherlock’s childhood after his father’s death had touched him deeply. Poor child, left alone without a guide, with a mother than instead of comforting him pushed him away, and a brother that, while trying to help, couldn’t really understand him. As John saw it, it was almost a miracle Sherlock hadn’t turned into the monster his family was afraid he would become. It was a testament to his inner strength and John felt a surge of love for the younger man. He silently vowed that if Sherlock would allow it, he would show him all the love and care he hadn’t received until then.
He straddled Sherlock’s hips and stretched atop of him, both of them groaning as their erections pressed together. Sherlock and bucked against John, seeking more stimulation, as his arms surrounded the smaller man.
Mrs. Hudson chose that moment to enter the flat carrying a newspaper. “What about these suicides, then, Sherlock?” She asked. “I thought that'd be right up your street. Three exactly the same.”
When John woke up the following morning, the flat was still empty and, as the day progressed, be began to worry.
“Then why Master?” John forgot he wasn’t supposed to use that title, “I can’t understand why you can want me to be only a flatmate when I could be so much more for you! Every temporary master I had in the past jumped at the idea to have a Personal Companion, even if only for a while. Why aren’t you?”
“Why?”
“Because I am.” John smiled briefly before sobering again. “I did a lot of thinking in these days and in the end I came to the conclusion it doesn’t really matter what you are. You are still Sherlock, my crazy flat mate and best friend.”
When lack of oxygen finally forced them to part, both men were flushed and panting. Sherlock the looked up at John with expectant eyes, making him chuckle.
John’s eyes snapped open. For several seconds he stared at Sherlock with a fixed, unseeing gaze. Then he blinked and murmured, “Sherlock?”
“John!” he cried out, arching his back.
It was a nice, easy option. John would return to believe vampires were on fantasy creatures and the upsetting feeling of having the ground collapse under his feet would disappear.
He then cleared his throat and said, “Thank you, John.” Then he grinned in a wicked way and added, “Watch now.”
He was lost in musing as he travelled toward the new chapter of his life, his final, permanent assignment as Personal Companion.
However, Sherlock didn’t seem to notice as he raised the tape to step under it. “Come on John.”
John smiled back as he shook hands with the woman. “Nice to meet you, Mrs. Hudson.”
John was in his pyjamas and bathrobe and raised both his hands, showing two tubes to Sherlock. “I would like to check your back, Sherlock. This cream should help with the sting of the burns, while this one is a muscle relaxant. If you want, I could give you a massage; it should help you to relax and allow you to sleep more comfortably.”
“We’ll start with discovering what job Majors did and if he had enemies. I’ll call you when we start the interrogations. Anything else?”
Sherlock just nodded as he had his mouth full.
“How…I…feel…” Sherlock looked up at John with a strange expression. “Now…too... late.”
“Seen a lot of injuries, then. Violent deaths.”
“There has been a murder in Regent’s Park.” Sherlock put on his coat and scarf as John reached for his jacket.
Sherlock and John were both checked by paramedics, which found only minor bruises and scratches, and then sent home to rest. They didn’t need to be told twice and soon they were on a cab directed to Baker Street, both wrapped in glaring orange shock blankets.
John never completed that thought as the drop of his adrenaline levels after so much excitement left him exhausted. He fell asleep on his armchair unmindful of his bad shoulder and with a slight smile on his lips.
“Don’t call me master. Which was it, in Afghanistan or Iraq?”
“It was my pleasure.”
From that moment on, things had just gone better and better. First the delightful puzzle of how the killer made his victims take the poison. Then the realization of the killer’s mistake, followed by the search and recovery of the pink case. Later on, the exhilarating chase of the taxi, with John always at his heels as they run up and down buildings...Sherlock grinned around his fork as he remembered how John had reacted when he had told him he habitually pick-pocketed Lestrade when the DI was annoying. He had expected a reproachful scowl, and instead got a laughter. Then it had been his turn to smile when, back in Baker Street, John had realized he had left his cane at Angelo’s.
“It must have not be easy,” John commented.
“Information. Nothing indiscreet. Nothing you'd feel... uncomfortable with. Just tell me what he's up to.”
Together the two men moved Sherlock to his bedroom and lowered him on the mattress. Mycroft rapidity and efficiency stripped his unconscious brother of his blood-soaked clothes and shoes, leaving him clad only in his boxers briefs and t-shirt. That done, John covered Sherlock with a blanket and checked his pulse and eyes. Satisfied with his findings - his friend was just sleeping – he followed Mycroft into the kitchen
His brother smiled at the newcomer and said, “Sherlock, allow me to introduce John Watson, your Personal Companion.”
When they separated, Sherlock made a needy sound and embraced John, pulling him close as he rolled them on their sides. John hugged him back, his face pressed against Sherlock’s neck.
“Look at him, dashing about,” Mrs. Hudson commented, with a mixture of fondness and reproach. “My husband was just the same.” She patted John’s shoulder, gave him the newspaper and added, “But you're more the sitting-down type, I can tell.”
“May I go in?” Sherlock asked calmly, as nothing had happened.
John had been close up and personal with many of Britain’s leaders and other influential personalities. He had always been liked by his assignments, because what he didn’t have in looks he made up in charm. Along the years he had served several temporary masters, but two stood out. One was a Doctor Stanford, an authority in cancer research, a kind elderly man John had been assigned to for five years. Stanford had treated John more as a son than as lover. Best of all when he had discovered the younger man had a keen interest and aptitude for medicine, he had enrolled John in university and paid for his medical studies. John had been devastated when he died, killed by the same disease Stanford had tried so hard to defeat.
“Shh,” John whispered, before he bent his head and took Sherlock’s cock inside his mouth.
Mycroft was silent for a while, then took a step closer. “Sherlock, if you are really sure this is what you want, if you are really certain you will never want children...” He paused to look at his brother, who just nodded impatiently, “then there could be a solution.”
He had always believed the tales about blood-sucking creatures on which Bram Stoker had based his novel ‘Dracula’ had originated from people suffering from a rare condition called Porphyria. People with this illness could suffer of severe photosensitivity with erythema, psychiatric disorders causing strange behaviours, and blisters and necrosis of the gums, which made their teeth look longer. It was easy to guess what a fear such symptoms could have caused in ancient times.
John’s thoughts turned toward his future mate. He wondered what he did for a living and why he wasn’t interested in breeding. Usually young Alphas wanted litters of babies; it was more common for older Alphas, those who already had heirs and didn’t want more, to bond with Neutered Omegas.
With a sigh, John pushed away all those thoughts and walked down the stair to see if the postman had already passed. He had, and there were a few envelopes on the floor. John picked them up and sorted them. Two were addressed to Mrs. Hudson, so he put them on the narrow table near her door. The others were all for him: two bills, a letter from the Ministry of Health And Reproduction and one without no return address and simply addressed to John Watson.
“Is Mycroft still here?”
John nodded with his head as his eyes asked, ‘
Finally reaching his destination, Sherlock stormed inside his brother’s office without bothering to knock.
John nodded and once in the living room he led his guest to the couch. They both sat down and after a moment of silence, he decided it was the time to ask a question about a topic that had bothered him since the beginning of his relationship with Sherlock.
Sherlock had never thought much about death. Obviously he didn’t want to die, but it had never stopped him from taking risks for the thrill of the game. However that night, he was not the only one facing death. John too had risked losing his life and it didn’t sit well with Sherlock. Wasn’t an Alpha’s duty to protect their Omega? Instead it had been John who had tried to protect him, restraining Moriarty as he told Sherlock to leave.
John toed off his shoes and stretched near beside, catching his Alpha’s lips in a kiss. He bit gently at Sherlock’s bottom lip, then slid out his tongue to press its tip against the lips, asking for entrance. Sherlock opened his mouth and John eagerly explored it, coaxing his Alpha’s tongue into copying his movements.
“What's new about this one? You wouldn't have come to me otherwise.”
As John had felt from the first moment he had met his new master, falling in love with Sherlock Holmes had been easy—and how could it have been any different given the sort of man he was?
“Brother dear,” Mycroft replied calmly, “I’m well aware of your incredible...control over your biology. Unfortunately, the judge is not, and there was nothing I could do to change her mind. As you stopped that man before he could rob the old lady, there is no actual evidence he was about to commit such a crime but your words—and the judge doesn’t believe them.”
Scientists had always claimed that was the origin on the vampire legends—and why should they have thought differently? If the vampires’ real existence was still unknown in 2013, it meant they were very good at covering their tracks and protecting their secret.
you want from me? I’m a Personal Companion, and I want to care for you, to make you happy. It’s my duty and my desire.”
“You know how they never leave notes? This one did. Will you come?”
John first applied the cream to all his burns, then he poured the relaxant in the middle of his shoulders and began to work on them. At first the massage was everything but pleasurable, and Sherlock grunted or moaned every time John pressed or kneaded a muscle. Then gradually, the pain began to disappear and the touch became pleasurable. Sherlock relaxed, and his mind began to wander, thoughts crossing his mind and disappearing before he could examine them in depth. Keeping his eyes open became an ever increasingly hard struggle, until in the end he surrendered and fell asleep.
“Yes, you said. Fear, Sherlock Holmes got scared, you said,” John commented, still annoyed. “Can I return to sleep now?”
“So is Sergeant Donovan,” Sherlock said with a grin.
“Oh...don’t sell yourself short, Mr. Watson. I know you’re his Personal Companion.” There was a rustling noise, as if the talker was checking papers. “You were gifted to him exactly one month and two days ago.”
“Master, please, let me show you how good I can make you feel…I want to do this, you wouldn’t be forcing me to do anything.”
This wasn’t how he had predicted the encounter would go. He had mistakenly believed Moriarty to be like him, that the criminal enjoyed having a worthy adversary as much as Sherlock did. But he had been wrong. Moriarty only played to win.
“Too soon to tell. Some of these writings look like the track left from a spider fallen in a pot of ink. It may take time to understand what they say.”
Tensing his ears John heard indistinct talking, then the door closed and Sherlock climbed back at a more sedate pace.
“Indeed you do.”
Their passion mounted, and Sherlock slid off John. “On your side,” he commanded with a breathy voice as he reached out to take the lube from the bedside table.  John didn’t lose a moment obeying. He rolled on his left side, and a moment later Sherlock spooned against him, sliding his now slick hard shaft between John tightly pressed legs.
“Because you’re very dear to me, John and I don’t want to disappoint you.”
Sherlock’s calm tone made John even angrier and he almost shouted as he grabbed the younger man by the shoulders, “Of course it is! Do you think it is a good reason to keep me in the dark? Do you remember what it almost happened with that cabbie and his damn pill? Why the hell do you insist in risking your life just to prove you are cleverer than the others?” He paused to take a breath and continued in a cold yet impassioned tone, “Do you ever stop a minute to consider what your death would do to Mrs. Hudson? To Lestrade? To me?”
Mycroft nodded. “Closed forever. I’m about to go and inform my brother…or, if you prefer, you are, that she somehow got herself into a witness protection scheme in America. New name, new identity. She will survive and thrive-but he will never see her again.”
“No, I don’t. Who do you think would want me with these looks?” Sherlock said with a sarcastic tone, but pain flashed in his eyes.
In the end he decided to go for the second option, because he loved Sherlock and wished to do what was best for him.
“Ignore all of that. It's just the, er... the shock talking.” Sherlock stood up from the ambulance floor where he had been sitting and dropped the blanket the paramedic had put on his shoulders.
It was different now. New, exciting things happened to him almost on daily bases, and he was feeling the desire to write them on his blog. In fact, there were so many things he could write he was finding it hard to decide where he should begin.
Right now, their best option was to make sure Moriarty stayed close to them. The sniper wouldn’t shoot to John for fear of triggering an explosion that would blast their boss too.
“Yes, I was ready. That’s why I asked him to meet on Bart’s rooftop and why I sent you away. My homeless network, Mycroft and Molly helped me.”
Every time John had seen it, he had thanked the car crash he had been involved in when he was fourteen, and the injuries that had led to his O-gland removal. Because even during his bonded years with Coleman he had remained his own man, with his own mind and spirit—and that would never change, no matter who his new mate would turn to be.
John sat up straighter as his heartbeat quickened.
“I won’t mince words, John. I didn’t want you and I’ve no use for your
“Feel free to engage in intimate relations with anyone you find suitable. Just don’t bring them in the flat; I don’t like to have strangers in my territory.”
John told him everything that had happened since the discovery of Anthony Majors’ body, including Sherlock’s revelation about vampires and his own nature.
“I suppose you’ve questions. Ask them now, so we’ll save time.”
“Yes. You said ‘I’m your brother not your confessor’ during the conversation, so brother it is. Then there is the engraving on the back of the phone. Who is Clara? Three kisses says it's a romantic attachment. The expense of the phone says wife, not girlfriend. Must have given it to him recently, the model's only six months old. Marriage in trouble, then – six months on he's given it away. If she'd left him, he would have kept it. Sentiment. No, he wanted rid of it. He left her.”
The manager handed him a folder. “I thought you would first like to read about him. You know, to make this more personal.”
“Stop it!” Sherlock groaned, legs thrashing on the mattress.
Sherlock threw a smug grin at his brother as if to say “See?”, then he focused again on John – because from now on he would be John in his mind. “Call him Mycroft, he already has enough minions calling him sir.”
“Now John,” the manager continued, “your future mate wants for the bonding to happen as soon as possible, so we are going to proceed at once.”
“I live upstairs,” the other man explained as he started climbing the stairs with John following him.
John shook his head with fondness. “I don’t feel obliged to do anything. What I’m going to do is because I want to do it—with you.” He rose to his knees, and Sherlock noticed he was erect too.
“Of his vampire nature. Of what he would become without someone to teach him how to control his instincts. Vampires are faster and stronger than humans, and Sherlock’s temper tantrums were quite bad; Mummy was afraid of what would happen if he had them as a mature vampire. So she sent Sherlock to a very strict boarding school, where she hoped he would learn to control himself. It only served to make Sherlock more rebellious and more unconcerned about was deemed “appropriate” and “socially acceptable”. Mycroft sighed again and continued. “During the summer of his 15
“Indeed; as matter of fact I believe she seduced Sherlock only because she was curious about how he would be between the sheets given his physical characteristics. She was always fascinated by his looks...but I don’t think she ever loved or even truly liked Sherlock. Anyway, it took a long time for Sherlock to recover from the heartbreak and from the drugs he used to dull his pain. But in the end he did so and forgot Irene. By that time, we had both moved to London and Sherlock worked for a while for a big chemical firm, but he quit because he found the job boring and began to consult for the police.” Molly paused for a moment before continuing, “Then, when he was thirty, Sherlock met the Bitch…Oh, forgive me John, I meant Janine Hawkings.”
John throws in, and Sherlock slumps together in disappointment.
His dog tags. Sherlock must have taken them with him, wherever he went, and somehow, he managed to hang onto them.
Sherlock will never know that John had thought the same thing.
“Yes, I did.
Sold!
alone. He settled back between the man’s legs and was just about to start stretching Sherlock’s hole when he finally noticed his surroundings again.
Sherlock says, feeling weirdly pleased with John harbouring murderous feelings towards Sherlock’s enemies.
Sherlock bits his lips. He is nervous. “It’s more of an idea?
“Mary took him as her hostage, she drugged him, we don’t know what yet, and he likely has a concussion. A few scrapes, too. Sherlock is resting now.
“Try to get a bit more sleep.
“Of course I will meet other friends, but why would I ever forget about you, Sherlock? You are my best friend, and you’ll always will be!
John nods.
“You don’t have to worry about that, father. I’m actually one of the most active members of my team.
"I am not a victim."
Sherlock is sold into slavery, but it is not all as it seems...
teacher has never hurt a fly in his entire life.
“I gathered that in no reality, you would want to kiss me.
John grabbed Sherlock, who was still lying on the ground. He sat on top of the thin detective, who barely struggled. His hands moved to the neck, forced Sherlock’s head back —
Sherlock asks, shrugging his warm coat on as the two men hurry down the stairs to the forest.
He hoped the cuffs hurt her wrists.
They have reached the waiting students. They are all wearing comfortable jeans,
Until then, we wait.
John is on the other side, hunched over, panting. Sherlock deduces that the other teacher was awakened by
The two arrive breathlessly at the right corridor, and after walking three times, the wall changes, and they can step through the door.
“It really is time for them, they have been jumping around it for ages.
“I’m fine.
Sherlock notices a few tears appearing in John’s eyes and kisses him gently on the mouth. John kisses back enthusiastingly, but soon stops.
If only he could sleep through the night again!
John lifts Sherlock from his small feet and whirls him around, and Sherlock has never felt lighter.
Sherlock is hurrying down the stairs to his potion classroom. He can hear the first graders chatting happily, and Sherlock reminds himself to have a confident voice, stand straight and smile, but not too much so the students won’t get cocky. Being a teacher resembles being an actor, only you are on stage not for two or three hours, but all the time, every day. It is exhausting of course, but Sherlock accepts the challenge and tries to make something good out of it.
“News travel fast in the wizard world. It is only afternoon, and I have already received multiple letters from worried parents, and a visit from the
gladly and took the gladiators cock in his hand.
“You are an
was going to be the new King one day, their wedding was way more pretentious and snobbish than John would have been able to stomach. The couple had just celebrated their sixth anniversary in April with a gigantic chocolate cake. Sherlock had made several jokes about his brothers sweet
John’s arms stop him from practically falling out of bed, and the former healer wrestles the heavy blanket back over his patient.
is retired?
Lestrade grumbled something about ungrateful brats and wandered off to the kitchen. This left Sherlock and John suddenly on their own, and things got awkward. Sherlock fiddled with the blanket that Lestrade had thrown over him, and John stared at his shoes. Did he even pack his toothbrush?
is still alive.
John got up for a moment and furiously faced Mary, who struggled against Greg's iron grip.
In ten minutes, the week will be over, and he only has about fifty essays to grade till next week. It is fine, it is all fine. Only five minutes more, and he can tell them to start cleaning up. He will close his eyes for just a second…
Sherlock asks sleepily. They built themselves a bed out of pillows and blankets in front of their fireplace. Sherlock had made them tea and Mrs Hudson baked biscuits. Sherlock is laying half on top of John, with his head on John’s good shoulder.
killing him, this time it is for real.
“WHAT THE
His tongue slipped out, and he licked his lips while still looking Sherlock directly in the eyes.
I only shocked it. I don’t want to add started war with
Fifth, he does not regret shooting his wife. He regrets not doing it sooner, before she had the chance to hurt Sherlock even more.
They are busy with checking that the other students are all in their safe beds and will join us later.
The other man was resigned, and the seller shouted gleefully
The Santa says, and there goes Sherlock’s last hope that he may still be undercover, “Welcome to my home!
knew he was dead. How could it be otherwise? After his adoptive mother died, Old Marley introduced him to his business at a very young age, and
John says, then leans down and kisses the tip of Sherlock’s throbbing cock through his dark
Sherlock wouldn’t shut up, so she slapped him, hard. The name changed into another snivel and there were now goosebumps on his arms. Mary sighed and got up again to get a towel. She wrenched his mouth open and pushed it into his mouth, tapping him of with tape. This would shut him up, she just had to be careful if he started to choke.
„Sherlock, please look at me.“ Sherlock did what he was told. John’s beautiful blue eyes met his. „I have to be very brave to do this now, so please bear with me for a second.“ He took a deep breath, then exhaled.
“It is always nice to find fellow comrades. Us teachers are working alone in the classrooms every day, so it is even more important to have a fellow professor to talk to.
give up. peace.
“John got a cold from that stupid boot you tricked us on.
“If I can’t stop you, let me at least drive you and the poor sod.
a prince he was taught that marrying well is the biggest duty he has. The public had noticed his every step, from his birth to the first schoolday to graduation. They never knew what to make of the youngest son. Around the summer of his fifteen year The Sun referred to him as the Freak Prince after a rumored encounter with a woman named Molly. It was said that Sherlock insulted her and the coverage was ruthless. After a few weeks however, Molly and Sherlock had become friends and the terrible title was finally dropped.
"I think that’s where you are wrong. People would be running after you if they knew that you have the personal contact information of whoever owns the Tate Modern.“
Scotts begs, pressing his hand to his chest.
‘ to mention it. Nevertheless, he was here now and needed to be as prepared as possible. Gregor was adamant that the man would at least earn him back the money he cost, and asked John to train him. John didn’t have the heart to protest, given the fact that he had been rather busy the past weeks.
2) They can achieve some justice for the victim
Sherlock drags his fingers through his curls as a poor substitute for a comb. He hopes there won’t be too many cobwebs in his hair and he won't smell that much. The odor of a room filled with blubbering potions is not often enjoyable for others.
(See the end of the chapter for
He offers instead.
“Much better.
The teacher grumbles, and Sherlock whips around. His stomach does a turn.
Then, two years later after he fell in a puddle of his own blood, Sherlock returned, and with him, the light came back into John’s life. Still, as utterly tempting as a return to life at 221b was, John learned from his past trauma and allowed Mary to talk him into marriage, even after his botched proposal.
“Are you allowed to drink alcohol?
An unexpected moment on the tube.
John says disappointed.
“It was a huge risk. I had to hope that Mary would neither look to closely nor remember that it really isn’t that easy to just break someone’s head. That is why I tried to make her as emotional as possible. I also tried to capture the sound as gruesome and real as possible. Then I had to trust in Sherlock that he would act as dead as possible.
girl, called Alex, who catches the red ball with ease.
I have something planned for NaNoWriMo (Sherlock and John working as teachers at Hogwarts!) and I will most likely write a Christmas themed Johnlock fanfic, so watch this space if you enjoy my work <3.
Mary had waited another three days before leaving the fake belly on her bed, send Sherlock a message from John’s phone (the soldier should have been more careful with that) and left the flat through the bathroom window. Her husband was asleep on the couch in their living room, again unable to be in her presence.
Professor Minerva
Wands out.
, which Sherlock realizes now was a stupid mistake made by his foolish father). His only chance of getting back home was his older and only brother Mycroft, the heir to the throne. Maybe he would not give Sherlock away so easily and try to bring him back. Of course for that, their father had to die.
Sherlock says.
Seconds later, Sherlock’s phone vibrates. It is a message from a new number:
Right, Sherlock needed to do damage control, now. Maybe the delayed plane is a gift from above after all, to save John from the humiliating experience of the other soldiers being greeted with flowers and him being gifted an old nicotine patch Sherlock can feel in his jacket.
“Mrs. Hudson called earlier.
John blushes madly: “Neither of them, at the moment.
The detective didn’t even protest when John put the cream-coloured jumper on him. Next, he grabbed his packed bag and hoisted Sherlock’s trembling arm over his good shoulder.
“Don’t be insulted,
“John Watson, works at Starbucks, lives in a flat share and studies medical training at St. Barts.
“No, but I don’t want to snog you while your brother sits right in front of us.” John said.
He hadn’t seen his fiance after that. Couples were supposed to be separated in the night before the wedding.
“Did he forgot one pizza, Sherlock?
‘ is, but then realizes it must be one of
John blushes: “Good. That’s… good.
“We can invite
Time to tell the story.
“I did not earn any more money, and my parents had cut off their support for me. I could not pay rent and soon, I was living on the streets. One day, my most frequented dealer used too much, and he chocked on his own vomit while I was laying next to him.
John looked around. Molly was sitting in third row and wore an adorable yellow hat and dress. She looked a bit pale, but probably not as pale as he.
so changeable like the sea. Sherlock has long curly hair, bound together with a thin piece of seaweed, a too thin body and a mouth so kissable that John couldn’t resist long.
future ahead! No wonder, with rich parents.
Right, waiting here is useless. He just has to get himself together and find the exit on his own. With his determination back, he pushes himself of the wall and slowly but surely starts walking. Now that he is going in the same direction as the people getting off the train, it’s decidedly easier.
Sherlock concentrates back on John: “What is it?
“Obviously.
"I want you to choose yourself. I want you to be selfish."
is safe. His bed is welcoming as always, and he does not bother changing into his pyjamas.
. That is because John Hamish Watson is neither straight nor gay, but bisexual.
doesn’t want him on the underground, saying it’s too dangerous for someone like him. He would have both off their heads if he could watch them right now. Thankfully, Mycroft didn't have his eyes everywhere.
Which is why he is now waiting at the terminal for his boyfriend, the wonderful and handsome and brave Doctor John Watson, who is returning from his first tour in Afghanistan. Sherlock would have preferred it a thousand times that John stayed with him in London, but his boyfriend his nothing but stubborn, and after several loud rows John stepped into the train for his army training. Their frosty silence luckily only lasted a few days, and during the last months they frequently wrote to each other and shared skype calls, but it is definitely not the same. Not by a long shot. Sherlock Holmes wants to finally wrap his arms around John Watson, and he wants it now.
replied John Watson.
“Wise choice. Although I demand retribution as soon as we have some privacy.” Sherlock said.
He desperately needs a plan how to move on from this, how to help Sherlock. The hospital will want to keep him here for at least a night, but John will take him home. Surely
who is waiting for them at the entrance of the Forbidden Forest. Her long grey hair is up in a bun and her eyes are glittering with fury.
Gosh, the other boy has a wonderful smile. It lights up his whole face.
“I thought, at least John is safe in London. Safe and happy, and he has finally the chance to build the normal life he always wanted.” Sherlock gasped in pain and clutched his stomach, as if he was trying to hold himself together.
“You are insane, and utterly amazing, but then, I learned that on the first day we met.
lips meet.
Of course, this could not last. Sherlock jumped from a roof, and John was left alone, drifting through London again.
“It’s tradition! You’re meant to kiss the person you love at midnight. It brings luck for the relationship and for the new year.
“There is a corpse in here. A
John did not dare to look at Sherlock. At least
Molly, Irene and Sherlock watch a rugby game.
Smith gleefully applies.
John asks him amused.
warn the students, their parents warn them, the
There is a sound falling down the ceiling, right to John’s feet. The sound rips John’s heart out and stomps on his lungs. Sherlock Holmes is screaming above him and hearing that pain is so unnatural and wrong in John Watson’s world that he can no longer pretend to care about his and Mycroft’s and his plan, Mary or-whatever-her-name-is and the whole of the United Kingdom. He walks purposelessly up to the security man and knocks him out in three seconds with two well-placed punches. That’s that taken care off.
Despite Holmes and Watson’s innocent discussions, John had the feeling that the two men were romantically involved. During lulls in conversation, his eyes would explore Holmes’ clothes; John thought he had been doing this subconsciously because he liked what he saw, but it very well could have been Watson’s doing. As John was able to remember his in-dream thoughts more and more with each night, he realized Watson would have rather romantic thoughts about Holmes, as well as his general observations about his moods and the ways his eyes looked… which, it occurred to him, could also be considered romantic. The strongest piece of evidence was that he – Watson, that is – had blushed at the notion that Holmes had slept well because of
“I think you proved that earlier this evening.”
It is at that moment that Sherlock knows he wants to hear that voice say his name every day for the rest of his life. Before, he had never really believed in the soul mate protocol, but, as a scientist, it is difficult to argue with such strong data. And soul mates aside, this man… this army captain and doctor… with a tremor in his hand, a limp that was all in his mind, a drunk of a brother, and a useless therapist… intrigues him beyond measure.
Sticky sheets. That was nothing out of the ordinary; John was a healthy man. However, he hadn’t gone to sleep with clean sheets and woken up to sticky sheets in roughly twenty years. His mind still hazy and hand halfway in his pants, he tried to think back to what he had dreamed about. Try as he might, he drew a blank.
, John thought,
It occurred to Sherlock to get the other key to the front door for John from a small table next to Mrs. Hudson’s door; as practical as that was, they had gotten distracted earlier. As it was long past midnight, Mrs. Hudson was already asleep, but before going to bed, she hadn’t been idle. The boys found the living room couch neatly covered in sheets and a thick blanket with a firm pillow at one end. With everything that had happened since first visiting Baker Street just that afternoon, John hadn’t had time to move into the bedroom upstairs, much less to prepare sleeping arrangements for himself. On their way home from the restaurant, neither of them had even thought about John going back to his old bedsit to sleep; he really wasn’t up to going back out on the streets again that night. John smiled at the sight of the couch and sat down immediately.
“Right,” John’s thoughts drifted a bit. They were both pretty
nice to catch up… sometimes.”
“Oh, God, I’m sorry, I don’t want you to get the wrong idea-” John could feel himself turning red, for multiple reasons.
“Yeah, my Sherlock has told me about some of his cases, some of them were pretty hard to believe.”
The invalided army doctor spots him among the other pedestrians and gives a small wave.
John Watson, just… not the Victorian one. For some reason, for the past week or so, whenever I go to sleep in my present time, I become the John of this period in my dreams. I don't know where Victorian Watson goes when it happens, maybe we switch places or something and he’s dreaming about my modern London, but this is the first time I've ever been aware of it while it's happening, so it must be a lucid dream. I'm John Watson, but I'm from the future… sort of…”
One could tell the state of London’s underworld by the weariness of the members of Scotland Yard and the vigor of Sherlock Holmes.
John sensed an even stronger attraction when he was with Holmes in his dreams than when he was with Sherlock in real life; the difference being that the attraction felt resolved, somehow. Watson had his Holmes, but John didn’t have his Sherlock. In reality, possessive pronouns could only be used in phrases like “my friend” or
“Jules Verne? Who is this person?”
“That one’s beautiful, Sher,” John said, pointing. They were on a date, sprawled out on a hill overlooking the Thames; it was sometime past midnight and the sky was in fine form.
Before John could respond to him, much less call upstairs for Sherlock, he felt a large piece of fabric brush his calves and a pair of impossibly long legs and arms straddle his back and neck respectively from behind. “Lend me a hand here, John,” Sherlock said, casual as anything. After regaining his balance from the added weight, John instinctively reached back and grabbed Sherlock’s knees so that he was now riding piggyback. The doorway not being very wide, Sherlock had to squeeze by John’s shoulders to sign the clipboard, which was held out by the very confused mailman. Thankfully, this feat of acrobatics concealed the blush in John’s face that spread when he realized all Sherlock was wearing was his dressing robe. The coloration was caused by the fact that he was both embarrassed and relieved by this fact: embarrassed by his flatmate’s semi-nudity and relieved that at
“Not feverish there, but how about…?” Sherlock continued as he leaned closer, before snaking a hand under John’s arm to feel his upper back as casually as if he were handing John his tea. His mouth was right next to John's ear and their bare chests were touching; despite the intimacy of the position, he was acted with the speed and precision of a doctor.
Sherlock was lying on his left side, facing away from him, but John could tell he was stirring. He realized with burning cheeks that, if Sherlock was sleeping lightly enough, he might have felt John’s eyes on him. After a moment or two, Sherlock rolled over, nestling his head back in to his feather pillow, eyes blearily open. He didn’t look at all surprised to see John next to him; rather, he smiled up at him.
“So…” John started sitting down at the kitchen table. “I dreamed about Afghanistan last night.”
“Are you sure?”
Sherlock’s brows knit together. “You did? I’m sorry to hear that. I thought for sure your flashbacks were gone…”
Despite the lack of distracting thoughts, John was still distracted. He tried valiantly to read for a while, but his mind kept returning to the Baker Street of a century past; watching telly was no better. His brain tried to guess at what the bedroom activities had been like, of course, but he also was drawn back to that feeling of calm Holmes and Watson always experienced in their sitting room. They would banter occasionally just like he and Sherlock, but there was another level of comfort and warmth between them that John felt himself almost envy.
if the experiment ended,” John said as he buttered some toast. “It’s been fun while it’s lasted, but it would be nice to just be able to go to sleep and not have to think so much about what’ll happen.”
“Get in.” Sherlock gestured with his head to the empty spot next to him. It wasn’t possible for him to have been more matter of fact. He had skipped right past John’s inevitably awkward request, but John still felt awkward.
“Anything else?”
“My goodness… so there is a bright future… What, then, is holding you and your Sherlock back? Is there no attraction? You are obviously attracted to me.”
“Oh, I see. That’s good.” Sherlock’s face was blank of emotion, but John could hear the relief in his voice. “No Holmes and Watson, then?”
1. Death
He bristled, but opened the door. Sherlock’s room was very neat and what decoration it had was minimalistic and somewhat science related. Sherlock himself lay completely straight on his back in bed wearing an old pair of pajamas, his hands in the same pose that they had been when John had found him on the couch with three-patches-worth of nicotine in his veins. Now, however, he looked calm and relaxed, though he had obviously been in thought before he had heard John in the hallway.
Holmes looked affronted. “You know of my past adventures, many of them far beyond the realm of believability. John, when has something unbelievable ever put me off before? You can tell me anything.”
“Delivery for Sherlock Holmes,” said the mailman, holding an average sized box.
. John knew he should probably be looking for a job since his army pension wouldn’t last him forever. While Mrs. Hudson was very understanding about his situation, he didn’t want to be a burden. But he was only two months out of Afghanistan, after all. John didn’t want to acknowledge it, but he was still recovering, physically and mentally. Only last week he had been leaping across rooftops, but that chase around London caught up with him later.
“Because… I nearly realized that I wasn’t in my own time, that everything was different. Usually, I just go with the flow until I wake up without a second thought.”
Sherlock held up his hands in defense. “He must not have been very important.” After looking the name up on his mobile, he continued, “If your dreams are historically accurate, that puts us in 1881, then. Why are you just
Sherlock. His dreams had a created a new normal for him, though, since Holmes and Watson acted more openly affectionate towards each other. Indeed, just that night John’s dream had still been vague, though towards the middle of it, there had been more detail. He was able to remember Holmes and Watson’s conversation about the political situation in Russia and the Tsar’s funeral, though he couldn’t remember any of his (or rather, Watson’s) thoughts like he had the previous night. Towards the end of the dream, things seemed to lose detail, or at least the details didn’t survive in his memory. The last thing he remembered from it was that Holmes had been tenderly stroking Watson’s ankle with his foot. John realized he had woken up still smiling and with a pleasant tickling sensation in his leg.
“John, I hate to interrupt, but I know all of this already. It was the exact same situation only last week with my John. He’s attracted to men and women, but of course doesn’t let on to that fact publicly; I was not much interested in romance until meeting him; and there was, indeed, much sexual tension until we just couldn’t take it any longer. It was after we came home from our first case that the tension broke. I know if my John were here with us, he would agree with what I’m about to say: you need to begin the conversation with your Sherlock. John was the one to initiate it with us.”
. “Never mind. I’m just saying this is a… fantastical situation.”
“Want to go buy another?” Black curls tilted back to reveal Sherlock’s tear-stained face now brimming with delight at him.
died on his tongue when Sherlock spoke.
John was just about to resort to diving into the depths of YouTube when he heard his mobile vibrate on his desk in his room upstairs. This wasn’t too distracting until the vibrating repeated at least a dozen times in a minute, which was much more rapid than a notification of a missed call or unread text. When he finally got up from his computer to check his mobile, he saw that Sherlock had not moved an inch. As he descended the stairs to head back to the living room, John saw that all
“God, Sherlock, give me a second to wake up.”
Holmes smirked, looking more like Sherlock than ever. “No need to apologize, my good man. You
“Yes, I have.”
, he had to remind himself while puzzling over his Victorian consciousness, still sprawled in bed.
“Actually, I’ve just thought of something. I can’t believe I’m just now remembering this!”
to encourage another Victorian dream. He even sat through it, just to pick up on any details that might help with the project and because he was unbelievably bored. So he said. Despite not having all the context, Sherlock easily deduced everyone’s backgrounds and motives and if John didn’t know better, Sherlock was actually getting invested.
“What the hell, Sherlock? That’s disgusting!”
“You slept well, I trust?” he asked, skimming the page before looking up.
“I think it was my third dream, from last week, that had been pretty vivid. That was the first one where we – er, Holmes and Watson – had a conversation that I could remember. Holmes mentioned Tsar Alexander II’s assassination, which clued me into the time period. If you were to ask me the year that happened now, I couldn’t tell you, but somehow I knew it, or else I couldn’t have dreamed about it, right?”
5. Star
“He was nervous, certainly,” Holmes continued, “but he said he was only bringing it up at all because he thought he might have a chance. You have an even
That night as John was falling asleep, something Sherlock had said a few days ago drifted in his mind:
“Call me when something happens that
“No, no!” John said quickly, “It wasn’t a flashback. I just remember seeing some scenery. I always thought the desert was so beautiful; this is the first pleasant dream I’ve ever had about it…”
“I mean… I wouldn’t
to do it. I mean, this sexual tension between me and Sherlock can only last for so long, right?”
. H-o-l-m-e-s.” Irritated by the repetition, Sherlock’s eyebrow twitches.
16. Scene
After they finished their respective kitchen activities, they wordlessly settled down in the living room. They started watching telly at some point, though both eventually turned to their personal electronics. Glued to his mobile, Sherlock scrolled purposefully and tapped away, going at least 50 words per minute. John booted up his old laptop and went to his blog, somewhat less reluctantly than usual. Now that he had Sherlock –
Thought and action. Intellect and loyalty. Logic and morals. Brain and heart. Such polar strengths in each, but perhaps that is what drew Sherlock and John together in the first place.
Sherlock held up his hands in defense. “He must not have been very important.” After looking the name up on his mobile, he continued, “If your dreams are historically accurate, that puts us in 1881, then. Why are you just now bringing this up?”
Sherlock smiled back, quite a spectacle since his fangs were still exposed, and lowered his head to lick the wound on John’s neck.
Sherlock nodded. “Sure,” he answered without hesitation. He had never slept beside another person except for the brief naps between coituses when he and John had mated, and he was curious to see what it felt like to do it when he wasn’t prey of his hormones and could analyse the sensations. He toed off his shoes and slipped beneath the covers as John scooted on the mattress to make room for him.
It had been then that John had realized that somehow, in the year he had been bonded with Sherlock, his feelings for his Alpha had changed. The night Mycroft had called him to let him know Sherlock had accepted a cigarette after identifying Adler’s body and thus was at risk as far drugs were concerned, was the night John felt jealousy for the first time. He felt angry at the idea Sherlock might resort to drugs to cope with a stranger’s death.
Suddenly the clarity of mind Sherlock always had had even when confronted with his biology, the clarity of thought he seemed to have lost since he stepped into that room, returned to him.
Sherlock nodded and said firmly, “Then do it, and let’s hope he won’t turn to be too boring.”
John looked at him with wide eyes but kept his mouth shut, because he didn’t know what to say. The prospect of not having to sexually serve his mMster was unsettling. All his temporary masters had wanted to have sex with him, even Stanford and Sholto. John felt confident when he was in bed, he knew he had skills and the ability to know what his partner wanted before he was asked.
He knew in his heart that what John had said weren’t just platitudes to make him feel better and give in, and that his convictions wouldn’t waver at the first difficulty.
Molly took a sharp intake of breath and shifted on her seat, uneasy.
“Now that this is clear, and since you’re as stuck with me as I’m with you, I believe we can make it work. We can be flat mates and who knows, maybe one day we could also be friends. But first, you need to learn some ground rules.”
Suddenly the sound of approaching steps and of a well-known voice galvanized him. Sherlock jumped up from the couch and by the time the door opened to admit his brother, he was already in the middle of the room.
“I’m glad I chose well, Mas-Sherlock. From now on, if you allow me, I’ll take care of all your meals. I’m a good cook, you know? It should be something you’ll be able to appreciate and that will make me useful to you.”
He also knew Sherlock had a remarkable control over his Alpha instincts. Nicholas Coleman had jumped him and fucked him on the floor as soon as he had seen John was in heat. Sherlock instead had been gentler, and even taken the time to first ask if John agreed to the bond. John hadn’t expected it, and he had been strangely touched by the gesture because – in the last glimpse of lucidity he had before need engulfed him – he had understood the Alpha would have backed away had John been against the bond. Now, that wouldn’t have changed John’s destiny, as he would have been paired with another Alpha, but still it had been nice to have his opinion asked. It had boded well for their future life together.
The voice snorted, “You know him. How many friends do you imagine he has?”
His Ibex side rose in him, the instinct of the dominant male, his duty to protect the members of his herd from predators. Sherlock lowered his head, aiming his horns at Moriarty’s chest and was about to give a mighty push when he saw a red laser dot on John’s forehead...and another one on his own white shirt.
“As you wish, Sherlock,” John replied, tasting the strange name on his lips.
The Alpha opened the door and picked up John’s suitcase, preceding him inside the narrow hall. John followed him carrying the duffel bag and looked around. A door opened from the back of the hall and an elderly woman appeared.
Mycroft Holmes watched as his brother stalked away, then placed a phone call to the Royal Harem to arrange for the delivery of Sherlock’s Personal Companion.
“Yes, Master,” John finally got back his voice.
“What?” John asked, as he sucked one nipple and fingered the other.
John nodded again, this time forcing a smile. Young and handsome would be a change compared to his late mate, but that didn’t mean it would make his...marital duties less oppressive than they had been in the past.
John had been turned on by the feel of Sherlock’s soft fur and by the sight of his muscles moving beneath it and his hands had itched with the desire to turn Sherlock’s moans of relaxation in moans of desire.
“Very good,” John replied with a bit of professional pride. He stood up and straightened, wondering where his Alpha was going with that line of inquiries.
Besides, Mycroft Holmes was the most generous patron of the club, and his financial support was more than worth his younger brother’s lack of manners.
John’s eyes danced from a man to the other, trying to understand what was going on. He had read something about the mysterious serial suicides, as the press had dubbed them, but why should they interest Sherlock?
Far less awesome was to be kidnapped and taken in a deserted warehouse, where a disembodied voice coming from the shadows, a voice belonging to someone able to control CCTV cameras interrogated him.
Later that same night John found himself using that same gun to save Sherlock’s life. Silently thanking Major Sholto and Sergeant Murray for their lessons, he was able to wound the man who was threatening his master, and rend him powerless.
“Nope. They are like my dear brother Mycroft: normal. I was the only one affected by this.” His Master looked again out of the window and John felt the desire to reassure him, to say him he was beautiful, but he had the feeling the man wouldn’t appreciate it.
“I’m sorry, Sherlock,” his brother answered as he approached him. A moment of silence, during which the sound of the door being locked echoed in the room, then he continued. “I can’t.”
John smirked. “No risk at all.”
Sherlock who had offered to wipe his memory and make him forget everything had happened that night...
John smiled. “That would have probably been my reaction hadn’t I known all along you were alive.”
“Oh. Did Moriarty...kill you in it?” Sherlock asked, curious to know more about how John’s mind worked.
“But-” John tried to protest again, but Sherlock stopped him with a gesture of his hand.
He then opened the last letter, which contained small white card with a few words written with a fountain pen.
“Yes,” Sherlock breathed, closing the gap between them.
His back hurt like hell, and not just because of the blast which had burned his clothes and scorched his fur, but also because of all the tension accumulated during the case.
Moving slowly, almost not daring to breath, John walked toward the couch. The more he stepped closer, the more the figure took shape and became recognizable: tall lithe build, slim hips, narrow yet strong shoulders and a mop of curly hair.
When he had walked into the living room the pleasant smell of Chinese food had welcomed him.
A spike of pleasure ran along his body and Sherlock closed his eyes, to better enjoy the sensation his hands were causing to his body.
Sherlock frowned for an instant, then nodded. “Yes, but not here”.
John nodded again, and silence fell in the room. John knew he should probably let Sherlock rest, as his body had suffered a great shock, but there was something he absolutely needed to say.
Mycroft rolled his eyes. “Don’t be melodramatic, Sherlock. Personal Companions are more than ‘sex slaves’, as you called them. They can be everything their masters want them to be.”
“Oh, God, yes.”
“It was your deodorant,” Sherlock answered simply, throwing a quick glance to John, who was following the scene with great interest.
Mycroft looked at him with a small smile. “You’ve been lonely since...you know. Don’t deny it.”
“Okay…” John murmured, his face a mask of stunned confusion. Of incredulity.
.” He looked away, turning his head to face the wall. “I’m sorry, John,” he said with a flat, clipped tone. “You weren’t supposed to ever hear that. I apologize if I made you uncomfortable. I promise you I’ll never mention it again, nor I’ll try to act on my feelings.”
“He cares about you. He kidnapped me, tested me and then deigned me worthy to be your bodyguard. I was chuffed to death.”
After a few minutes John became aware Sherlock hadn’t moved from his position behind him. He turned his head to take a look and his breath caught in his throat: Sherlock’s fangs were down, stark white against his lips. It was the first time since they got together Sherlock showed them outside of the bedroom during sex, and John was captivated by the sight.
“What are you thinking?” John’s intruded into his thoughts. “You are frowning and I don’t think it is because of how the food tastes.”
Sherlock ignored him and stepped beneath the yellow tape John kept raised for him. They walked away in silence until his master said, “Good shot.”
John raised his stunned eyes and met Sherlock’s, who was now standing near the couch.
John shrugged. “It was the right thing to do. He was a serial killer threatening another potential victim. He had to be stopped.”
MH—Mycroft!
It was a heady thought to be allowed such freedom. Back in the past year, he had been too much of a physiological mess to look out for an Alpha to bond with. He had been depressed and damaged and resigned to the fact no one would want him as mate. So he had mostly waited for his allowed time to end and the arranged bond that would follow.
When the man failed to appear, John walked to the top of the stairs and looked down: Sherlock was huddled against the wall near the door and his harsh breathing was filling the hall.
“Try not to let the whole street hear you,” Sherlock hissed as he stepped aside to let John enter the hall before him.
John’s musings were interrupted when Sherlock suddenly ordered the taxi to pull over. He frowned as his friend opened the door even before the care came to a full stop, and walked quickly along the sidewalk, until he reached a young beggar asking for money near a corner.
“All right,” John nodded, fascinated by this side of Sherlock.
“Uhm...” Lestrade muttered. “Anything else?”
“You’re an enemy,” John concluded. “You want to use me against him?”
Sherlock’s cock swelled even more and hardened under John’s hungry stare and he too moaned with pleasure, as his own shaft twitched in response.
“I was thinking of something else. Us.”
“Are you a vampire too?”
John let out a relieved breath and smiled a Mycroft, who replied in kind. “We should take him to bed and get him out of these dirty clothes,” he suggested. Mycroft nodded and stood up.
Lost in his musing, John hadn’t noticed his partner leave the kitchen and approach him, so he almost jumped at hearing those words so close to him. He recovered quickly and turned to look at Sherlock’s scowling face.
Sherlock turned to look at him. “It was about what Molly said about the homeless man found dead with a wound similar to Majors’. I want to know more about it and to see if there have been other attacks against the homeless.”
“Of how loyal you’re to Sherlock. As I said before, I worry about him.”
“You are...very calm, John” Sherlock commented after a few minutes of silence. “I wasn’t expecting such a welcome.”
John nodded and picked up the gun and the box.
He removed his hands from Sherlock’s shoulders and used them to frame the other man’s face, obliging him to look at him.
“Good...” Sherlock groaned, finally letting go of his control.
“Yes,” Sherlock replied. “I like kissing. Not only I like it, but I’m also quite good at it. Even Janine and Irene said so.”
Sherlock’s life had never been easy. From the moment he was born the world had been his enemy, because people do not easily accept those who are different-- and Sherlock was very different.
Sherlock walked into his bedroom and closed the door. He dropped his duffel bag near the wall and shrugged off his coat, folding it on a chair. Since he had showered that morning in the hotel in Georgia, he just carried out his nightly routine in the bathroom, and returned to his room, slipping between the fresh smelling sheets.
So Sherlock had gone out at...what time was it? John checked his watch. Midnight. Where had he gone? Why at such hour? And why hadn’t he said anything to John?
“The same goes for me.”
Thus John reached the conclusion Sherlock had faked his death for other reasons, maybe to go off the grid and be able to find a way to clear his name, and all John could do was to keep his grieving widower façade and hope his Alpha would come home soon.
The flat Sherlock showed him was a chaotic blend of old and new pieces of furniture, of books and papers scattered on every available surface and chemist equipment on the kitchen table—which made him wonder again about his Alpha’s profession. There was also a real human skull on the mantelpiece, a bunch of envelopes stabbed with a pocketknife and a violin case on an armchair.
It didn’t take long for them to reach the peak of their pleasure. Sherlock stiffened and came with a long, low groan, spurting hot liquid against John’s balls. John followed a few seconds later, after one more thrust in Sherlock’s fist had him grunting and tense, as hot pleasure rushed from his cock through his body. They slumped against each other, happy, satisfied and ready to fall asleep.
Sherlock who had revealed him a secret that could shake the foundations of mankind with the knowledge there were immortal beings looking completely human walking among them.
“Well, when he was twenty-three, Sherlock fell in love with a girl named Irene Adler, who lived in the flat near ours. They were together for six months, and even if I never liked her, it seemed like she made Sherlock happy. And then, one day Sherlock returned home from a visit to his parents’ house in the countryside and found Irene in bed with another student. The explanation he was given was that she needed ‘variety’ in her sexual life and that Sherlock was as boring as his chemical formulas.
John’s cheek flushed and he looked at everything but Sherlock.
“How?” he asked, desperately needing to know what had happened.
He stayed silent, and his master went on.
Then everything blacked out and Sherlock collapsed over John’s body, his arms wrapped around his new bond-mate.
Watson turned to look at his brother and replied, “I’m not offended, sir. Everything Master said is right.”
As Mycroft had commented back then, for a man with trust issues, he had trusted Sherlock very fast.
“You know how they never leave notes? This one did. Will you come?”
Sherlock and John had a long talk with Lestrade, giving their statements about what had happened, as Moriarty’s body was recovered from the debris and taken away. Of his six snipers, two were found dead and the other four were just wounded. They were all wanted by the police for other crimes and they were all willing to talk about Moriarty’s activities in exchange of a reduction of sentence.
John stayed awake, watching his Alpha sleep and enjoying the sensation of resting close to the man he loved.
“Damn!” he said under his breath, as he ran along the sidewalk looking right and left. There was no sight of Sherlock. He had lost him.
John leant forward and put his hands over Sherlock’s chest to get more leverage as his movements speeded up and his breath grew laboured.
John raised his fists to hit his attacker when a familiar voice said, “That was quite sloppy of you, John.”
John took a deep breath and looked at Sherlock’s blown black pupils. “You OK?” he asked, unable to be more articulate.
“How can you tell he was drunk, Freak?” Sally Donavan inquired with her usual nicety.
“What?” Sherlock and Lestrade said in unison.
Ten minutes later, they were running down the stairs, grinning excitedly at the prospect of a new case.
His Master shrugged. “I was born like this; the result of a crazy experiment a nutcase scientist ran on my four grandparents without their knowledge.”
“But maybe…maybe it is just because he never had sex with someone he loved…” John suggested.
“Not in a police car, I'll be right behind,” Sherlock agreed, as if he was granting a big favour to the other man.
“Really? And what else did you observed?”
He watched from behind the yellow tape as the man was put on an ambulance and taken away as paramedics and DI Lestrade fussed over Sherlock. He listened with some concern as Sherlock listed what he knew about the shooter and witnessed the very moment his master realized it had been John. He saw his expression change from professional interest to awe.
The pool was silent and apparently desert. Sherlock took out the memory stick with Bruce Partinson’s missile plans.
“You heard the phone call I made.”
John hadn’t seen how strong that interested had been until Irene Adler’s apparent death. Then he had had to witness to Sherlock mourning her, not eating, not sleeping, not talking and composing sad music for her…
The call ended, John threw the phone on the armchair and knelt at Sherlock’s side. Pulling out a handkerchief, he pressed it and his right hand atop of Sherlock’s, trying to stave off the blood flow.
He felt good, he felt happy and something inside him was telling him this was only the beginning. It was telling him that maybe, in the arms of his very special Personal Companion, not only would Sherlock discover the real meaning of love, but that perhaps he would also learn to like sex.
John sighed as he looked at the blank screen in front of him. He couldn’t write all of this on his blog; it was too private.
Passion mounted quickly and they grabbed at each other’s back and arms, pulling the other closer as they kissed. Soon their hands moved beneath their clothes and the first touch on Sherlock’s skin – as soft as he had imagined – made John moan as his desire rocketed. God! How could he have ever feared his body would not react well at being with a man? He had yet to see Sherlock naked and he was so hard he was aching.
“No,” John shook his head, as his left hand wrapped around Sherlock’s cold one. “It’s not too late. Tell me. Tell me now.”
Now, as he waited for the other man to recover, anxiety crashed over John as he started second guessing his decision. Had he done the right thing? Had he been too bold? Would Sherlock be upset that John had helped him because he had not been able to bring himself off?
John had also understood why he had been told to be careful with what he ate. He would always remember the day he picked up what he thought was bacon only to discover it was instead slices of human skin.
He kissed Sherlock while rubbing his upper arms, trying to make him relax. Then he moved down his body, leaving a damp trail along his skin. Sherlock let him do it, caressing his back gently, until John reached his nipples. When he licked one of the pert nubs, the Alpha’s fingers dug deeply into his muscles.
“Where?” Sherlock said in greeting.
“That’s not what my experiences taught me,” Sherlock retorted bitterly.
It was 4.00AM, almost four hours after their confrontation with Moriarty at the pool, and Sherlock’s body was still thrumming with adrenaline. He was restless and pacing back and forth the sitting room as his mind replayed the night’s events.
Now, two years after that fateful day, all of Sherlock’s past cases had been reviewed by a team of NSY experts, which had proven them genuine and his deduction corrects. It had also been proved without any doubt that Richard Brook had been a creation of Jim Moriarty and thus Sherlock’s reputation had been restored. The press, which had been so quick to turn against Sherlock, was now clamouring the responsible on the detective’s suicide should be punished, completely ignoring the role it had played in it. Had John not been aware of Sherlock being alive, he would feel furious against the journalists. As it was he ignored them and their requests for interviews, as he had ignored Donovan and Anderson’s attempts to apologize. It was their fault if Sherlock had been accused and arrested, and he wasn’t feeling very forgiving at the moment. Maybe after Sherlock returned...maybe. He only person he had accepted an apology from was Lestrade, because he had seen the guilt and desperation on the older man’s face, and the knowledge his Alpha was alive had made John forgive the inspector.
He motioned to John to stand up and come closer to him just as he aimed at the discarded explosive jacket, lying midway between them and Moriarty.
Sherlock took his lips in a long, passionate, soul searching kiss. “You taste so good…” he said freeing John’s mouth and burying his nose into his neck, “You smell so good… So warm… so mine…”
“The bathroom is in that corridor and your bedroom is upstairs. Mrs. Hudson, the landlady, changed the sheets and cleaned it yesterday,” his Master said gesturing with his elegant hands. Then he walked straight to the middle of the room and said, “Come John, sit down. We need to talk.”
And John? Would be he be able to go on just being friends after such a confession? Maybe, knowing for sure there was no hope for something more would help him to get over his...feelings...for Sherlock and start looking for someone else.
The end of the case had been brilliant too. True, Sherlock was irked because he would never know if he had chosen the right pill, but the discovery there was a man out there who sponsored serial killers more than made up for it. Moriarty...was it a surname? Or an alias? He would have to investigate it. Pity the cabbie was dead and unable to answer more questions...No, Sherlock wasn’t upset with John for killing the man. If he had to be sincere, he was...touched by it. Such a loyalty for a man he had just meet. True, they were bonded, but they barely knew each other and there was no emotional connection between them. Uhm...
Maybe, John reasoned, he didn’t want to be tied to a needy Full Omega. That he could understand...When he had been at Uni, he had watched with pitying eyes how the Full Omegas in his classes hung from every words the Alphas said; how desperate they had been to catch the attention of people who had nothing going for them – nor intelligence or beauty or wealth – but their gender. Then he had seen the Omegas return to school – when allowed to – completely changed, unable to make a decision more complex than decide what eat at lunch without their Alphas’ input.
“And you asked because...?”
“Before what, Molly?” John urged her, needing to know.
“But it wasn’t necessary. You never treated me as a Personal Companion. You never obliged me to do anything. You always treated me as an equal, as friend and as a lover.”
Why had Sherlock faked his suicide? Why had he left John and his friends cry and mourn for him?
John was finally able to look at his Alpha’s naked body, as he had not been able or interested to do during their bonding heat.
Sherlock’s eyebrow arched in surprise. He couldn’t have imagined his body would show that kind of interest that very night given what his musings had lingered on, but now that it had happened, he thought, why not? He had not pleasured himself in a few months and despite all his dislike for sex, it was an activity he enjoyed.
Sherlock put down his fork and laced his hands in front of his face, his elbows resting on the table. “I was thinking about what you just did. You killed a man to save one you barely knew.”
Sherlock mentally calculated the distance between them and the pool and thought they could make it. He looked a last time at Moriarty, saw realization dawn on his face –
Everything had seemed to go well between them, and Janine had never hinted he was doing anything wrong until the day he had rushed to her flat to hand her his heart forever only to have it broken into many tiny pieces.
John’s breath caught when he realized, with a mix of surprise, satisfaction and relief, that it hadn’t changed.
“Sherlock…” Mycroft said in warning but he ignored his brother and went on.
They reached the first floor and entered a large living room. John looked around with interest. What he saw was a chaotic blend of old and new pieces of furniture with books and papers scattered on every available surface and chemistry equipment on the kitchen table—which made him wonder again about the man’s profession. There was also a real human skull on the mantelpiece, a bunch of envelopes stabbed with a pocketknife and a violin case on an armchair.
John would make himself useful, learn what Sherlock liked and disliked, discover what the other man looked for in a friend and in a lover…and he would give it to him.
Sherlock closed his eyes, relaxing under that confident touch, only to snap them open when John’s arms surrounded his waist from behind and his hands paused on his front, one on his belly, the other on his genitals.
Now it was different. John was no longer depressed, his limp had gone and he had a job besides following Sherlock on his cases. He was not sure if things would continue with Sarah, given how their first date had gone, but no matter how it went, John was grateful Sherlock had not trapped him in another loveless, cold bond.
Most importantly Sherlock liked the way John Watson was looking back at him, with curiosity and respect, but without fear, disgust or pity. He bore his silent examination as stoic as a soldier on parade ground.
“Don’t call me Master, John. You know I don’t like it. I don’t like to be reminded that I own you…that you are considered a possession,” Sherlock said with a frown.
However, his disappointment was brushed away when Sherlock started rattling off deductions with such a speed he and DI Lestrade had trouble keeping up with his rapid talking. If John had found him amazing when he been the one deduced, now Sherlock was dazzling, incandescent. The amount of information he had gathered from a few, apparently insignificant, details was awesome.
Sherlock sighed again – an action John was coming to hate – and said, his voice patient as if he was explaining something to a slow-learning student. “This is your training talking, John. You’ve been brainwashed since childhood to think you want to serve your master. You’re not
Sherlock hadn’t been totally honest with John. Sex did interest him, just not as often and not as much as other people. His sex drive had never been strong, not even as a teenager. It was somehow ironic, because Alpine Ibex males went into rut and the doctors had been afraid he would do the same. Sometimes Sherlock wondered what it could have been like—maybe he would have had the passion his partners said he lacked.  Most times, however, he was just glad he had been spared the indignity of not just looking like a beast, but behaving as one as well.
“Hello, John. I just came to see if you would like some company and cheering up since Sherlock’s return has been postponed.”  Molly smiled as they started climbing the stairs, “Don’t look so surprised. I know how you feel for Sherlock... anyone that knows you is aware you love him—everyone but Sherlock, that is. Which it is quite funny considering how observant he is about everything else.”
John watched, in the dim light of the bedside lamp as Sherlock slumped against the mattress, body totally limp where, till a few instants before it had been as tense as a bowstring.
It had been after their encounter with Moriarty, the night John had been willing to give his life for Sherlock, not because he was loyal to his master, but because he was in love with the other man.
Years later, he is running in panic through the thankfully deserted corridors of the castle. He doesn’t know where to go, all he can think of is the shouted
This is hopeless. He cannot hide his romantic feelings for the other teacher forever.
Golden lamps were hanging from the ceiling, but a Christmas Tree was yet to be seen. Only Professor Binns was sitting at the breakfast table, completely engrossed in The Daily Prophet.
field. It does not matter how long it takes or how slowly you run, we’ll wait.
“Your costume is wonderful, Professor.
He asks and shrugs his jacket on.
A kind voice suddenly says. It’s that of an elderly woman.
“Oh, sorry.
John asks, deeply worried. John helps him sit down, and Sherlock can see the exit of the mirror labyrinth. Another couple just exits it, the male partner has white-ish hair and a red nose from the cold. The two are giggling and are in best spirits as they move to the next attraction. Sherlock is only able to stare at them.
“Alright, everyone in the classroom, now.
John is mildly surprised by Sherlock’s caring thought process. Then, Sherlock has a much kinder heart than most citizen’s in the United Kingdom believe.
John stepped again in front of Sherlock, shielding him from any view. The doctor was always very protective of Sherlock, but now he is even more so, building a wall between them and everyone else. Maybe not only a result of whatever happened to the detective, but also because he couldn’t be there for him yesterday, when he had to suffer through a panic attack, was drugged and then pinned down onto the hard mattress. John muttered something to Sherlock, which actually made him smile a bit, before curling his arms around the thin waist of the detective. Sherlock put his own arms around John's neck and Lestrade could hear a low “Ready?
Of course, at some point or other, John and her had to reconcile. Luckily, John only hugged her once and had not touched her again since Christmas. Sherlock’s favourite addict drugged them all and Sherlock shot Magnussen, which Mary has to admit was nice of him. Not necessary, because Mary would have taken care of it, but nice. It would not save him from her wrath, though.
Sherlock says quietly. “What if he thinks it’s too soon?
Well, good luck with that.
John asks.
Sherlock sighed and went up to the door. His mother knew how talking to new people made him nervous, and yet she wanted him to do it again and again. Mummy called it practice. Just say hello, thank you, and goodbye, reminded Sherlock himself. Four words, that’s not hard. Four words are totally manageable. He forces himself not to count the money, because surely his mum gave him enough.
nearly an hour later. His apartment was located on the third and highest floor and consisted of a bigger and a smaller room, that was the bedroom. The rooms under him were free, and the bottom floor housed a small bakery, owned by a lovely older woman.
John soaked up their praise, although he wasn’t interested in their love. Maybe tomorrow they would throw flowers at his murderer. Life as a gladiator was unpredictable, and that’s what John loved the most about it. He was never bored.
John’s rooms is very comfortable, with two seats standing next to the burning fireplace. His broom is hanging over the fireplace, his desks is full of essays, and he has red curtains, no doubt as a reminder of the
"He could have killed you."
Sherlock and John walk around the field, watching the kids. Most of them throw the ball around with ease. Only a smaller Slytherin, Quentin, lets the ball drop.
“What I do not understand… Why would Mary do that to you?
Anyone would be more helpful than his parents, who talked about the weather, or his brother, who now scattered pizza crumbs all over Sherlock’s bed.
The continuation of this chapter will arrive tomorrow.
they do have rather lovely eyes.
Sherlock can feel the grass under his feet and hurries up to reach the loud boys celebrating (he is assuming that they must be their rugby game), when strong arms all of a
Sherlock continues. He stares at John, who calmly returns the gaze. Inwardly, he wants to be sick.
John pointed at the couch and the man obeyed. The first hours were probably the most important in their relationship. He had to show his authority and lay down the rules. Fortunately due to his three years in the army he had learned how to play with the voice to give orders.
’s legs. He was small for his age, possibly unhealthy so. His curls hang limply around his head, he was very pall and shaking. Most worringly, he held himself weirdly, as if his right leg couldn’t carry his body weight.
He drawls with his hateful voice and then touches Sherlock’s cheek. Sherlock flinches, whimpering, and John explodes. He jumps over the bed, rips
John hugged Sherlock closer to him and steered him towards the insulae. Tonight was going to be about them.
’s arm.
1) Most often, they catch the criminals and a dangerous individual is off the street
“You’re full of good ideas, as well.
He settled on seven points.
What direction did he come from? The mirrors are too confusing. He decides to move to the left, but he can not go very far there either. Right, it is just a stupid game. Nobody ever gets seriously lost in this kind of labyrinths, at some point someone is going to help him. He will have lost their game and Mycroft will never let him forget this tragedy, but there is no way to panic.
"No, thanks. It looks disgusting.“
Nurse, are you there?
It is surprisingly cold for the beginning of October and John and Sherlock have spent the whole day looking for their latest murderer. Unfortunately, it all ended rather unexciting, due to the fact that murderer gave himself up to the police. At that point, Sherlock and John had run through London approximately three times, and they are both tired and frozen.
“I think your name is lovely.
John had moved closer to Sherlock during his speech and was directly in front of him.
orders. John can not taste the no doubt expensive alcohol at all. His head is drumming with panic. He could grab Sherlock and end this right now, but then, what would happen to Mycroft and the whole British government? Can
“What?” John said, his stomach churning with dread.
“What do you mean?
John Watson smiled faintly.
concubinus-male prostitute
Sherlock Holmes was in love with John Watson, and it was both the reason for his happiness and his misery.
“Oh, that’s Irene Adler, the oldest daughter of the French ambassador! She was a delightful girl.
“I think I’m going to go to bed.
“It will be fun.
The virus had creeped up to Sherlock like a clever -and very deadly — serial killer. When the first cases of
„Wanna go again?“, said John, amusement glinting in his eyes. The gladiators hand closed around his shaft and tugged at it.
immediately appeared behind him like the second coming. Of course his brother couldn't stay out of Sherlock's business for long!
Sherlock had spent it in a small village in the mountains of Tibet, where they celebrate no Christmas. He had lightened a candle and hoped for a safe return. Next he had gone to Russia, then to Belarus, then to Serbia, where only hard fists and a short chain waited.
, a foreign voice bellowed. Sherlock deflated. He expected John to pick up, like last time.
sensed the anger brooding in his teenager self.
Sherlock snarls.
His head is falling forwards, he doesn’t have the strength to hold it up
about the man — the fact that his heavy homophobia will not have made his father love him more, that his wife is planing to take their son and flee from him, that he really should go to a dentist — but no word rolls over his tongue, because he is quickly becoming very scared.
After all, a royal wedding only happened every other year and this time, it’s a gay royal wedding. John was a bit surprised that he didn’t hear any boos from the massive crowd that waited in front of the Windsor Castle, eagerly awaiting a glimpse of their second-born prince and his new husband.
John reassures him and directs him further into the woods. Behind them is the big farm of the Holmes, where their guests are still celebrating the marriage between Sherlock Holmes and John Watson. They are still young, Sherlock not even twenty, and they already showed their talents. John is a brilliant sharp shooter and feared in battle with his axe, and Sherlock is able to read the stars like no one else and can manoeuvre their long ship through every storm. The life of Vikings is hard, but they had a good harvest and a successful journey to the
could see the empty look in his eyes, like his whole world had just ended in front of him — and then John, with a fast move of his hands, snapped Sherlock’s neck.
Is the only answer Sherlock receives before John disappears in the mirror labyrinth.
Sherlock interrupted his thoughts. “The flat is all ready for us to move in.
“She says he is family, and you would be insufferable without him there to control him anyway.
At this point only the prime minister and the Queen of England would know the whole truth.
Sherlock darling, can you go and pay them?
I’m actually really glad you got the position as Defence against the Dark Arts teacher, I bet your students can learn a lot from you.
John decides to take his chance. With the scary feeling of falling a hundred miles without a broom in sights, he steps close to Sherlock. He sees their kissing version one more time.
Take a set.
"But… I left for two years and made you think I was dead. I killed myself in front of you. I made you think we were going to die in an explosion so you will forgive you. I turned back to the drugs, I failed to catch the whole Mary thing on time.“
stared at him in horror, while his father spoke again.
They both laugh, and Sherlock tries to hide that he likes John carrying him very much.
John is kneeling in front of him. The doctor presses his hands against Sherlock’s cheeks and carefully inspects his bleeding eyebrow. The sight of lovely John, so murderous towards Sherlock’s enemies and so soothing towards Sherlock is the last thing the rapidly sobering up detective can take, and to his horror he bursts out into tears.
and immediately feels foolish.
Sherlock gasped and tried to shield his head from her blows.
, Gregor, grinned at him when John went back to the chambers. He had met Gregor two years ago, when he returned from the war in Spain. The man had made John an offer he couldn't refuse, and so he ended up in the arena.
“No, it’s not. You are just feeling warm, because you are uncomfortable.
“I’m not worried.
The baby had to come out sooner or later sometime in January, and so Mary’s time was running out. One cold evening, John drove to Baker Street (always at the beg and call for the detective), and Mary could finally end this game.
“I don’t care for the crown, although I would look fabulous with it. I like winning, and I like angering homophobes.
“I’ll see you tomorrow.”
A reader requested a Slave!lock fic, so here it is. Don't worry, there is a very happy ending.
He grows desperate when Sherlock only presses his lips together, like a pouting child.
Sherlock presses his fingers into his palm to keep himself from visibly reacting. It is just hair, it will grow back in time, except John loves to play with it while cuddling and Sherlock will look hideous for weeks.
“Then I will hide in the closet.
Sir Walter says back.
Thank you, that was very nice of you.
“Let’s go one year ahead. Don’t worry, we’ll stay in the region.
Sherlock shrugs: “It was a bad day.
John smiles:
She says and releases him. Sherlock rubs his wrists and somehow flees John’s room and enter his own without further incident. Once there, he immediately checks the
Ten years later, Sherlock first injected heroin into his veins. He still managed to graduate schools with good grades, thanks to his intelligence, but somehow, finding a job and his own flat ended up being not as important as the drugs.
“We can burrow the brooms from Madame
One of the things he appreciated about Sherlock: He never had to act.
"I should have done the reunion differently."
“I’m not on a date. I’m with my family on holiday.
There is only a small break of fifteen minutes, in which Sherlock
John reminds him.
“No, I think it is just a scratch. Sherlock wait, where are you going?
"I am hungry all the time.“ He complains. John is not feeling very sensitive at 2 am.
He carefully and slowly lowered a shaking Sherlock into the bathtub. The detective let out a small gasp when his body met the water. John reached for shampoo and a spoon and slowly rinsed him down.
“Six hours ago.
Let it be over, he prayed. Let it be over.
John whispers. His head is pressed against Sherlock’s upper body.
hospital. It was only logical. The world needed John Watson, Sherlock needed him, and after all, he would be back soon.
, who is telling him about the decorations he has put up. Sherlock’s attention is drawn to a specific person however, who is the last guest to appear at the entrance, smiling smugly when he notices Sherlock’s impressed face. John is wearing a blue gown which shines artfully, and he looks absolutely gorgeous.
ignores them: “And these…
Sherlock decides that he dislikes her voice. It’s grating on his nerves.
, and our parents were proud of their two sons.
“Of course, as you keep telling me.
“Maybe, but it was you.
Sherlock quickly checks his appearance in a nearby mirror. He has forgone the usual suit and black robe with dark trousers and a purple shirt. The shirt is from his drug addiction time and it sits a bit tight on him. Sherlock hopes nobody will go blind by a flying button.
“Don’t cry, sweetheart. Don’t cry, I’m here now.
Sherlock would have loved to say something
has donned her usual green hat, but with a large spider net as
Sebastian Moran, I presume?
Sherlock says quietly. The sound of the train and the walking passengers nearly drown his words. He leans his curled head against John’s good shoulder and closes his eyes.
John follows her through the shelter. About five puppies are playing together on a blanket in the corner. They kneel down to observe them. In John’s opinion, he can take them all to Baker Street, but Mrs. Hudson probably wouldn’t approve. She is fine with one puppy, and certainly not five.
The Ghost of Christmas Past visits Mycroft. Together they travel through Mycroft childhood and discover a long forgotten secret.
Sherlock says, trying to delay the inevitable. If John asks, Sherlock will answer, however terrible it is.
The mood still screamed more funeral than wedding for John, but whatever. This was just the way the English reacted on occasions like this and Sherlock wouldn’t like a too lively atmosphere. The ceremony was just a thing to get over it, he told John yesterday, before they parted. The fun would happen at the party after. As soon as
on Saturday? I need to fill up my chocolate collection for the students. We are starting to discuss
turned to the new voice and gasped. Now he finally recognizes the young boy! It was no one other than John Watson, his clerk! He was one of the oldest children in the room, maybe 14 years old, and held himself proud and confident. He stepped around the nurse, shielding the younger boy from her view, and pulled Sherlock gently to his feet. The younger boy stood shakily next to him.
He offers.
Marley.
"I never anticipated he would mourn me that much. I thought he would move on. I never believed his moving on would hurt so much."
After — you — were — gone — I — went — to — a — witch — she — traded — my — voice — for — my — fishtail — and — I — landed — in — the — dirty — river — couldn’t — swim — got — caught — in — the — net.
“That is not an excuse to inject that
The flower kids appeared at the entrance, and after them, Sherlock.
Mary’s taunting voice followed him into the floor, and every word she shouted after him hit like a dagger in his heart.
John answers, before moving to open Sherlock’s trousers with his teeth.
While he listened to the adults talk, the now older
“You alright?
"I provoked him."
He demands and grabs Elizabeth’s phone. There it is, together with a horrible picture from the blown open building. It reminds John so much of the war, but he can’t go down that road now.
Sherlock wonders if he is a bad teacher. The lesson material does not come easy to him, his ideas are often too difficult for the learners. He is never sure if he reacted right in a situation or not or if he has even made it worse.
John positioned the detective, who suddenly looked so small, on the edge of the bed. He grabbed the hoodie and pulled it over Sherlock’s shaved head. Then he started undressing his pants, which prompted Lestrade to leave the room for a moment, not wanting to barge into their privacy. They didn’t notice him leaving, they were way too focused on each other and Sherlock was thankfully gaining some clarity back in his eyes.
John presses the boy to his chest and scoops him up. The movement is so familiar, it takes his breath away. He marches through the gaping crowd with his precious charge flush to his chest.
Life at Hogwarts is better when you have a cute boyfriend.
“Good morning, what can I get for you?
. “It’s freezing cold outside!
Mrs. Hudson answers.
“We will send Mycroft Holmes a message, writing it with his beloved baby brother’s blood.
They both breath heavily, and Sherlock needs a moment to gather his thoughts again.
Sherlock asks, and John accepts gratefully. They spent a wonderful evening on the sofa together, the clouds wander away and the stars are shining.
Of course, he heard the nightmarish stories from the hundreds of men who were crawling around the mines, or the ones getting whipped while rowing a war ship, or the ones growing sunburns on the fields. It all felt so far away though, something that happened to other people, not to the villagers.
"What if had not been stopped?"
John is standing before him, with the giggling Rosie in his arms. They greet each other and John puts Rosie down on the carpet. Then he sits down in his red chair, puts his hands together and looks at him.
“We don’t have lube.
“Fine, I will distract you: Mary’s full name is
It all started with a toy soldier. John had lost it when he was only 10 years old. John, his older sister Harry and their father had sailed right into a dark storm, and the toy soldier slipped right through John’s fingers. He mourned the lost of his favourite toy immensely, and in a fit of youthful anger, screamed at the sea one lonely night. On the next morning, the toy soldier, only missing a leg, was waiting for John on the coast. John thanked the sea, and Sherlock answered back.
“How now!
John says, smiles at him one last time, then disappears.
“He doesn’t have to know.
“Sorry, who?
The first three months of university had been absolute hell for John Watson. Of course, dorm life is exciting, he met many new people and even made a few friends, his classes are all interesting and it’s great having so much freedom, but… What is it worth if his favourite person in the world is not here to share it with him?
Encouraged by this positive reaction, Sherlock starts alternating between swirling his tongue around it and sucking on John’s cock. John pushes his hands through Sherlock’s curls and tugs on them.
“Thanks, but I’m good. Just need sleep.
“Sherlock.” John finally whispered, both in prayer and in wonder, and his vision went dark.
John suddenly starts telling. “Just because that bastard shot him. A few millimetres down, and he would have never walked again.
Same as you do.
Sherlock and John decided to drive to London in December. John wanted to see the decorations at Oxford Street and Sherlock wanted to go to the
John’s eyes go wide with surprise: “How do you know? Did you follow me on one day?
“How considerate of you. It’s nice to not be underestimated for a change.
"...of course, we will have to cut back on the dangerous cases. No rooftop chases or gun fights, nothing to risky."
“When you jumped from that roof, you destroyed me. You did worse to me than Afghanistan ever could. I was more depressed than after I came back from the army, I was suicidal, I was done with London, with my life, with the world, and all because of
The last time Lestrade had gotten a such a frantic call was the evening when Sherlock was shot in the chest in Charles August
Next up, they brought a very thin and surprisingly pale man on the platform. He looked a bit younger than John, maybe two or three years. John pushed himself closer to the stage to see him more clearly. He had dark hair with curls, sharp cheekbones, full lips and shining eyes. In short, he looked gorgeous, and the other spectators were whispering in excited voices.
“Who wants to try next?
“Great.
John says and immediately visions what he will see. Maybe him holding the
The words fall out of his mouth, and Sherlock wishes he could shove them right back.
“Then why won’t you look at me?
“That’s a story for the Ghost of Christmas Present to tell.
John Watson, famous Chaser, popular Quidditch captain, one of the best students in their seventh year, a future healer, with blue eyes, blond hair, muscles and a kind smile, was absolutely perfect. After six and a half years at Hogwarts, Sherlock Holmes was 100% certain that nature would never invent a creature more handsome than John H. Watson.
Sherlock and John talk in the bathtub.
“Over here, Sherlock!
"She did it to keep herself safe."
opens a drawer and puts a large bundle of letters on the table. Sherlock can count ten letters.
. He would have recognized those halls anytime. “It’s our annual Winter’s ball! I now recall again how much we loved them!
In his humble opinion, the whole house lacked both colour and clutter. It all looked barely lived in. Mary prefers to keep her belongings in tight order, and she prefers white and beige over red and gold. She likes her sofa cushions unused and her table without any sword marks. Once upon a time, this view would have fit John, but not anymore.
The air smells of hospital, but also of biscuits and pines. The nurses are playing quiet Christmas songs. It’s the season of joy, but John and Sherlock are in hospital, and there is a body in the morgue. At least, John can offer comfort, and that’s exactly what he does.
, but he didn’t think it would be that bad. The war between the House of Watson and the House of Holmes has been going on since Sherlock was born, and now that he is 16, he is being forced to marry the oldest son of King Harold, John Watson.
It’s New Year’s Eve, and for the first time in years, Sherlock is actually looking forward to the New Year. John Watson is back at Baker Street, and they have finally talked about everything. What happened in the two years in John’s life, what happened during Sherlock’s travels through Europe, Asia and North America and his imprisonment in Serbia, their reunion and the bomb in the train, John’s wedding and everything that wasn’t said on that day, Mary shooting Sherlock, why John had to return to Mary, Sherlock shooting
(See the end of the chapter for
Most of the other Hogwarts teachers have opted to wear their usual black costumes to not let the students believe that the rules can be thrown out of the window today.
"I love him."
was so very happy for them. When he had some time he would probably throw back a few drinks, call Sally and Anderson and look who won the Yard’s pool.
John takes the bottle of fire whiskey and finishes it with impressing gulps.
“On the Millennium Bridge. Yes, it’s in the news too.
someone hurriedly said.
John and Sherlock have spent the last three weeks planning their
“We need to put cold water over it.
. The knights clatter with their metal helmets, and the characters in their pictures wink at him.
Two years later, his older Mycroft drowned in a high wave in the sea.
Sherlock is brought in front of the court.
Hanging was seen by many people as a quick and painless death, but there are actually four different ways for this method. The Oxford English Dictionary states that hanging in this sense is “specifically to put to death by suspension by the neck.“
“Are you sure, Sherlock?
Sherlock is sitting in his chair, with his long legs draped over a new stool in front of it. His ribs are not fully healed yet, his back still hurts like hell and his left leg continues to give him lots of trouble. His injuries were a parting gift from Mary Moran, formerly known as Mary Watson. It’s one of the things Sherlock prefers not to think about, especially not during the holidays.
“My name is John Watson.
, and falls asleep. They have so many barriers to cross, him being the son’s enemy, and the language is certainly a problem, but for tonight, all is well.
John has normal day at the clinic until he hears the news.
“You will today. This is a business transaction, and it is only proper to celebrate a signed contract.
Another giggle. Maybe it is another person trying to navigate themself through the labyrinth. At the very least, Sherlock would have a companion.
The snowflakes turn to water as soon as they touch Sherlock’s skin. He is burning up. Sherlock can feel the wolf clawing from within, trying to tear down his control over his mind.
John couldn’t help but be nervous about that. How does Sherlock feel right now? Is he on his way to the church, or to the airport on his way to some obscure city in middle America?
Paddington Bear always believes in the good of people. This is how he reformed the Brown Family, the prison inmates and guards, and maybe even Mr Buchanan.
The priest started to speak, but all he could see and hear was Sherlock’s breathing, his sparkling eyes and wonderful smile.
“We need bigger and more ships, of course. More food and fighters as well. We’ll sail around the
“I heard you.” John answered, and a look of deep understanding passed between them. Morse code, damn it. Why did John not notice it?
They somehow look 17, but also somehow 25 and 37 and 51 and 95 and…
Holmes does have a better ring to it than
Sherlock says and looks also over to the waiting girls.
“What is your name?
John starts, but Sherlock raises his hand, pointing at the ground.
I know, it’s a weird name.
John now knows that Sherlock had spent it in Hamburg, in a flat as empty and undecorated as his. So close, yet so far away. The neighbours had played Christmas songs, and Sherlock went early to a restless sleep.
“We barely know each other. I thought you were interesting because of your injury, but now that this is over, I don’t want to waste any more time with you. You are just a pathetic failed
He began reading out numbers, and the first answers indicated that the price would climb up fast. John had to act quickly now. Gregor had only given him money for renting a slave for one night, but if he used the coins he earned for his fights too, it might work. Coming out of his thoughts, he noticed that only two other man and the man who had the pleasure of touching the young slave were still belting out numbers.
It’s me, the guy who buys a lot of pizzas and is extremely rude to you.
They ate together three times a day, went to the market, to the forum, now again to the school, but the slave remained untouched. He continued to sleep in the living room, and the two did not even brush their hands together. Slowly Sherlock seemed to relaxed, and he lost a bit of that haunted look in his eyes. His gracious fingers often fiddled on the collar, and he had to learn to always walk a step behind John, to not address or look at a free man openly and to always obey his masters every wish. The gladiator knew it must have been torture for the man who seemed so much bigger than life, so imposing and sometimes arrogant, the smartest person in Rome, and yet he had to submit.
These words from his brother Mycroft may as well be their family’s motto. Most events in Sherlock’s past have proven his brother right.
If you enjoyed this story, please leave a comment or a kudos. They mean the world to me <3.
“A comfortable holiday with the family.
Happy Halloween!
Sherlock had grown paler and paler over the last two hours. Mary had made herself another cup of tea and now played with the buttons on the detectives white shirt. The man was sweaty, shaking and whimpering every few minutes.
Sherlock says quietly.
Sherlock agrees, just as
There is a loud noise and suddenly Sherlock is free. He hears John’s authoritative voice and the annoyance of the guests. They must respect his wishes though, because the crowd around Sherlock disappears, and he can finally breathe again.
John growls, then turning to Sherlock: “I try to be as gentle as possible, please tell me if I’m hurting you.
“For Merlin’s sake, I have told you this a thousand times! For this potion to work, you must turn it left two times, then right. Repeat until it turns blue. Even a monkey could do it better.
“Next station, Covent Garden.
left him with his parents. He thought his little brother was too frail, to vulnerable, that he trusted others too easily.
The stairs were rather deserted, and so Sherlock managed to get down quickly for breakfast. Thankfully he didn’t meet anyone of Mary’s friends. They loved to make him trip and whisper abuse at him. Sherlock ignored them, but this had been going on for months, and it drained his energy.
A high voice mocks him, speaking like parents would talk to their newborn. It reminds Sherlock of Moriarty, and it sends immediately cold shivers down his back.
“Why would you think that?
John announces cheerfully, chucking on his jacket.
John exclaims happily on the last weekend in September, gesticulating to the clear sky. The two teachers have carried all the spare brooms to their tent (Sherlock did carry the most brooms, since John still has only one arm free), and are now waiting for the participants to arrive.
Sherlock shook his head. Was this how it felt being in shock?
It was clear that this Moriarty figure, an aristocrat, thought John below him, but the gladiator was undeterred.
“John, please. She is lying to you, she has some plan, she won’t be faithful to you. We don’t know what she will force you to do.
someone working at St. Mungo’s, David Something. Multiple times, in fact. I was furious and I moved out.
John laughed: "A hundred percent.“
Finally, something happened. Except it wasn’t the thing John wished would happen.
I was thinking we could ask them for help. The other creatures may leave us alone if we walk with them.
Sherlock blinks:
Sherlock says.
The oven blinks, and the waitress is busying herself with getting the warm cake out. Sherlock wonders if John would appreciate a piece of cake when he returns from work, and decides on yes. Sherlock would like to be a considerate and affectionate boyfriend (with John of course, not just with some random guy). Cake will certainly help with that.
“There is an unsent letter next to the door addressed to
He jumped down again and cried to the waiting Romans: “Looks like he is still untouched!
went to the piano. He had a quick talk with the musician, then they switched.
They are kissing again and walking backwards, until Sherlock’s knees hit the bed frame, and he falls on his back.
That’s when he knew that the bastard had done it again. Survived the non-survivable, first too many drugs, then that encounter with the cabby posing as a serial murderer, then the pool and then the roof of St. Bart’s. John had hidden is face in his hands, his shoulders shaking, swearing. When he had calmed down a bit, pale as a sheet, hand not shaking, he said to Lestrade that he would destroy the person who did this. He promised the soldier, who never looked more terrifying than at this moment, to not stop him.
“True. My first week as an apprentice in St. Mungo’s. A patient with nasty burns was brought in too late. He practically fell to ashes in front of us.
“Ouch!
They pull away, minutes, hours, later. Sherlock has his eyes closed, as if he can't believe this is not a dream.
Sherlock wraps his long arms around John’s neck and snuggles closer.
Sherlock stutters and quickly puts the note into his old black purse, before another accident can occur.
"You were two years on the run, alone, without friends, support, or home."
“I’m glad you and John have finally figured it out.
John smirks, and Sherlock knows he is trying to cheer him up.
The three friends watch and listen to the game in silence for a few minutes. The commentator’s voice disappears completely due to the cold wind, and Sherlock has to depend on Irene’s and Molly’s comments to gain an impression of the game.
That woke Sherlock up.
There is nothing to occupy him, and his mind is killing him.
“Prove how much you love me. That you won’t leave me again. Prove your love to me and I will trust you again.
), where it happened
"You were on drugs, dying."
Sherlock was about to leave again when suddenly a man loomed behind him. A meaty hand landed on his shoulder and pinned him to the wall. The slave John had fought against in the morning was now before him, a sleazy smile on his face.
Sherlock helps him into his coat, and waves him goodbye. He throws one last hard stare at John, who nods at him, looking determined.
Furthermore, the
John’s bigger room accommodated a small table over a red carpet, a long couch, a closet with his clothes, a cupboard for some of his weapons and armor (though most of them were now at the school) and also some medical books John had inherited from
John comments.
Sherlock prefers not to think about that. It had been a horrible year, but they are recovering. Their talk had taken weeks, and as your average British men, it had been quite awkward at times. Still, it was necessary, and Sherlock feels much lighter. John is beaming all day long. Many love confessions followed, whispers in the dark night. They hold hands and cuddle, but they haven’t kissed probably yet.
And now his and Moriarty’s screams fit together in one loud crescendo, and Sherlock loses himself. He dives to deep, until it is only him and the imaginative John, together in their favourite vision of the Room of Requirement. Together, and at peace.
“Ding Dong.
. She stood naked on the stage, looking extremely proud, despite the dozens of hungry eyes leering at her marvelous body. There were bite marks all over her breasts, and from what John could gather, she was called
John asks. The vein on his neck is pulsing in anger.
Nevertheless, John persuaded him (with a nice smile, not that Sherlock can say no to him) to join him and a few members of Scotland Yard at a
“I AM BORED!
, the black is a classic choice, except Sherlock had ignored the rule and came without a tie. The teacher let it go, and John can admire his boyfriend’s neck for the whole evening. John had bought a yellow flower
Maybe, but I did not really listen. I know because you cut your meat with your wand with a precision that is unusual for, let’s say, an accountant. There is of course your caring nature, with becoming a teacher and all. You used to be an
He reaches the snowy park and immediately recognizes John, who wears his bright orange parka. The blond boy waves at him.
“Shush… I have already excused you from your duties today. Flitwick is taking care of the
The other man is scratching his head nervously and interrupts Sherlock’s thoughts. Sherlock stares at him in wonder. It is most unusual that someone wants to voluntarily communicate with a person on the street.
Sherlock feels like an ice bucket was dropped on him. John is waiting patiently, not making any move, waiting for Sherlock to act. All Sherlock can think of though is the ruined kiss weeks ago, where the drunken John stumbled on him. John never remembered.
answered Gregory with a big grin on his face.
“What are you doing?” John asks, looking confused.
“You are so beautiful.“
To be my husband,
pulling Gregory’s face into the snow, both of them breathless with giggles.
“I started it on the day I got introduced to you. That’s when I started planning it.
“How does it work?
. Sherlock comes right there on the spot.
John sat down. Mary reached out and pressed one of her hands against the glass.
That’s nothing a hot chocolate and a comfortable bed will not fix. Now, let’s get you out of here.
know where you are? What happened to your fishtail, how did you manage to grow legs?
I will get them.
Hopefully soon.
about his Churchill biography. Sherlock tuned them out and laid back down. His thoughts wandered to their home town, many miles away. Right now Irene was probably finishing up her extravagant costume. She didn’t want to tell him what it was, but Sherlock guessed some superheroes figure. Molly was going as a cat, like the year before. Sherlock had volunteered for that shopping tour, and they found ears and a cat tail for her. Greg was dressing up as a character from Star Wars, Sherlock had forgotten the name. At nine, they would meet up and drive to the annual Halloween party at
’s grumpy moods since he had started fifth grade, isn’t deterred.
Now or never Watson, thought John.
Sherlock does not answer.
“You married her, so you must have loved her at some point.
