Sherlock delivers two quick but light pinches to John’s sides, just under his ribs. The doctor yelps and twists fiercely.
“This is ridiculous,” Sherlock pushes out of the chair and glides to the door. “I have a practice on.”
“What? Sherlock,” John shifts in his arms to slide back into view. “Sherlock, you know something. What is it?”
When he returns, supplies in hand, John is not sitting on the bed. He is standing stalk still right where Sherlock left him. He stares, eyes shifting around the room slowly like they are drinking in every detail. Sherlock follows his gaze to a chest of drawers and settles on the photo of him Molly that sits upon it. He looks back at John and clears his throat.
He rises from his seat on the ambulance bumper next to John to stoop before him. He takes the doctor’s chilled hands in his own warm ones and fixes his gaze on John. They each look into the other’s eyes, searching and asking. Sherlock leans in close and kisses John’s lips lightly. Resting their foreheads together as though they are one, he inhales deeply. John’s air, his breath, he is safe.
“Right, right,” John replies. The expression on his face just as fond as his tone. He also looks very amused. Sherlock’s cheeks grow pink and his stomach flips again.
I don't think DP would have many questions after this, or much to say at all, besides "Oh, god. Oh, yes. That was fucking incredible. Oh my god. You all carry on with your business. I'm just going to wait a few minutes and read that again. (an aside) Where's my unicorn?"
He presses his lips together in a thin line and glances at the clock on the wall. He’s nervous. Why the hell is he nervous? It’s not like it’s a date. It’s nothing. It’s just two colleagues having dinner to chat and get to know one another. Never mind Sherlock has been avoiding John as much as possible for the specific purpose of not getting to know him. After all, the less John knows about him the better, and vice versa. Mrs. Hudson has already told him enough. Sherlock rolls his eyes. She means well, but she does meddle.
The detective and his blogger track down one of Moriarty's goons and Sherlock is nervous after John is shot at.
Had his tone been hopeful, curious, dismayed? John can hear the words exactly, but cannot put an emotion to them. He tries not to talk himself into anything, recalling Sherlock’s assertion that he does not have all the data, but really only succeeds in talking himself out of things. He sighs as he watches warm-ups. It is going to be a long night.
Sherlock arches his brows and stares at her sharply. She lowers her eyes to the table and fidgets with her spoon. When Rosie looks back at him timidly from under her eyelashes, his stern expression has faded and he watches her sympathetically.
Halfway into the meal, John wets his lips and leans forward in his chair. He glances down at his plate and then meets Sherlock’s eyes.
Sherlock’s face pulled itself together as if John had told him to bathe in the Thames for the foreseeable future. A smile instantly appeared on John’s face and he huffed a quick laugh as he watched the man before him.
The air around them crackles with electricity and oh, Jesus, he wants to kiss John. It would be so easy. Just lean down, angle his neck, close the gap. Sherlock knows full well John’s lips would be soft, perfect. John is perfect. He does not bore Sherlock, has never bored him, could never bore him. John is funny and intriguing, honest and mysterious. Sherlock loves it all. He could easily spend a night or week or month or forever with John and never know exactly what would happen like he does in anyone else’s company. People are idiots. John is brilliant.
His grey eyes pop open and immediately focus on the door to his suite. He stills the bow, but does not move it from where it hovers over the strings. He waits a beat or two as if there were rests in the piece and then hears it again. Two quiet knocks on his door. Sherlock glances at the clock by the flat screen. Midnight.
“What impression did you think it would give?” Sherlock’s voice drips with annoyance, his whole body radiating anger.
“God, I’m so tired of doing this every night,” John had said one evening, just after walking in the door. “I wish I could just come straight home and relax.”
Greg’s eyes dart to meet Sherlock’s. The thin man is on the edge of his seat, elbows perched on his knees and fingers joined beneath his chin. The position makes his limbs look impossibly long. The skates on his feet don’t help either. Unable to stop himself, Greg rolls his eyes and returns his gaze to Mrs. Hudson.
I'm told even subscription to an author notifications aren't working, so I hope this comes to all of you somehow.
“Do you…” John begins, but stops immediately. His features alter into something more decisive and his voice is authoritative when he speaks again. “This has something to do with Billy.”
But instead, damn you, Mary Morstan!!!! I wanted to include her shooting Sherlock, complete with "If you take another step, I swear I will kill you. No you won't, Mary." 0_0,  but wanted the twist of shooting John too. AHH!
“Right. The left,” HardOn furrows her brow as she pictures what her coach has described. “That’ll work.”
John felt Sherlock’s hands slide off his arms to his waist and then fall away. He stared in shocked disbelief into Sherlock’s face. He may have shared John’s surprise, but the heat in his eyes had sparked to life again. He panted onto John’s lips. John ventured a quick glance at them and a surge of adrenaline shot through his chest to his stomach and limbs. It was a combination of lust and honest affection. John was almost lightheaded with it. He looked back at Sherlock and his brow furrowed at what he saw. Disappointment shadowed Sherlock’s eyes and creased his forehead. The corners of his mouth angled downward.
There has never been any point in saying anything to Sherlock about his feelings because the man clearly does not feel the same way. Or does he? John isn’t sure anymore. Ever since Baskerville, Sherlock has found more and more reasons to touch John. Just a friendly hand on his shoulder or a brush of their hands that might have been avoided. John is almost certain that his flatmate’s eyes have fallen to his lips on more than one occasion. John is perplexed. He desperately wants to confess, tell Sherlock everything, but will he ruin what they have? Will the friendship he values above any other relationship he has ever had be irreparably shattered?
“She hired a doctor she met at the conference,” Greg pauses, hoping Sherlock will not start shouting like last time. However, this is almost worse. It is never good when the man goes quiet. Greg bites his lip and goes on. “He starts on Thursday.”
They started the song a respectable, casual distance apart, as any two new acquaintances would. Clearly still dancing together and that space was maintained throughout the duration. Honestly, John could not care less because dancing like this, to have fun and be free was exactly what he needed. It felt so liberating to just move without feeling the urge to prove something to himself or to Jim, and dancing Sherlock just felt right. Really, really right. Even though they had only just met, John had already begun to feel as though their actual introduction had taken place a long time ago.
“Did you consider the possibility that it might be someone skating with Rock City?” John all but whispers. It is a huge gamble. The man might clam up and throw him out at just the suggestion. He had worked with Rock City a long time. He is sure to have plenty of pull with Mrs. Hudson and the staff. One angry phone call about paranoid and insulting accusations could get John fired before he has even started. John waits and watches the doctor for signs of anger that do not come.
“He is very boisterous, yes,” Sherlock replies mildly, wondering how to defuse the situation, but John surprises him and not for the first time.
“The ravioli al forno is very good,” Sherlock offers. John’s eyes rise from the menu to gaze at him. “The alfredo sauce is legendary.”
“Of course!” Mrs. Hudson’s draconian persona melts away and she turns for the door in a flurry. She looks back at them as she opens it. “I’ll have Allie give it to you this afternoon. We’ll talk again then. Oh! I’m late for a lunch with Daniel and Craig.”
“What?” John looks to his shoulder to see Sherlock’s long fingers, probing around gently to get an idea where the wound is. “Ah, shit.”
Ack! Jane, you're such a tease! Or should I say bitch? How many times? How close did they come to it? And that part when Sherlock thinks "I should just kiss him. It would be so easy right now and I really, REALLY want to".
“Really, Watson,” he frowns mightily. “He is called Detective Chief Inspector Lestrade. I taught you to respect adults.”
Meanwhile, HardOn and company have formed an unbreakable wall for #32. She shifts this way and that, snapping her teeth as she bites at the air in an intimidating effort. Hella barks orders at HardOn, Smacks and Groot so they stay in her way.
“And deduce,” Sherlock continues, looking at John with pin-point focus. The doctor’s eyes rise from the wound to meet his disarming silver gaze, steady and true. Sherlock feels warm, color rising into his cheeks and he feels light-headed. The air around them is heavy with promise, and the glimmer on John’s face is peaceful and welcoming. Looking at him, Sherlock is suddenly struck by the feeling that he has found someone who can truly understand him and the way he thinks, the way he sees the world. Molly has seen it too, but can it be? Could John really be what she thinks he could be? It is a concept Sherlock had given up hope of finding after Victor. At least, he thought he had.
“Until now,” Greg says, filling the silence after the other man has grown quiet. He takes a step closer and meets the coach’s sad gaze. “If there’s one thing I know it’s that life is about taking risks and it’s okay to be scared, but not to let it control us.”
I want to thank you all again for the love and support you have given. It has been truly amazing and inspired me to keep posting as quickly as I can. (Which has meant a chapter a day for 3 or 4 days at times. I hope no one is too bothered by that.) Believe it or not, I have actually made some changes based upon your comments. All of which, I believe have made this fic better. Thanks much and keep 'em coming. :)
Turns out this part isn't divided into chapters either. Just like Part 2. You'll notice I specified 10 chapters, but that is a guess. It could be more. Maybe less. We'll see together.
“There was a man. When I stepped out of the elevator before dinner. He was watching me. I’m sure of it, and he was gone when I looked back.”
How great is it that Jim didn't get his way, am I right? I know I've been incredibly cruel to John in this story, but I couldn't do it again. I just couldn't. He'll have enough of a PTSD relapse from just being threatened with a return to the island, much less actually being sexually assaulted again. And that doesn't even address Sherlock's feelings on the matter or the consequences.
“We’ll meet every week and compare notes, yeah?” John nods after he is given an affirmative from both men. He turns in the doorway and winks at Sherlock playfully. “See you at practice.”
The elevator doors finally open at the lobby and all of its occupants exit. Sherlock follows the crowd without much thought until he catches the eye of a tall blonde looking his way. It is only a glance and Sherlock thinks nothing of it for a few steps. Then the feeling of cold realization hits him and he stops. It’s a threat, danger. Sherlock’s sharp eyes shoot back to the man, but he is gone. He looks around and sees nothing. Slowly, he makes his way to the hotel’s revolving doors, wishing for the first time that Greg had been able to come with them. Sherlock and John must keep an eye on the proceedings alone and Sherlock definitely has an uneasy feeling now.
Finally, #32 breaks free from her own wall of blockers and skates away furiously. Suddenly unoccupied, Smacks throws a skillful shot at the trio of Ravens readying to block out The Woman and creating enough of a scuffle that The Woman weaves between them all a second time. Groot forms up with Hella and HardOn readying for another attack by 32, who started building speed as soon as she broke away from the pack.
John’s throat was dry and his body covered with a sheen of sweat, but he was not about to move an inch from where they stood together. He was truly glad and even excited for the time to touch and study this man. The music swells and ebbs away with them swaying to it. A soft fade set the stage for the signature voice of Spandau Ballet to begin.
Sherlock stares back at him with a grim expression. However, a grin he cannot hide lurks beneath. The corners of his mouth begin turning up and he bites his lip to hold it in. John raises a brow in confusion as Sherlock’s head tilts up and laughter bursts from his mouth. His head falls back on the couch as he laughs and laughs, a sound from deep in his belly and he clutches at his stomach.
Sorry. I really want to get the chapters out faster, but I'm editing. I need to sit down and have a mad editing night!
Sherlock smiles at the memory almost wistfully. When he meets John’s eyes again, the doctor wears the same expression. John swallows a bite and props his elbow on the table to rest his chin on one hand.
A wide grin spread across John’s face as Sherlock began to chuckle. He shook his head a little and laughed with the snarky detective. Without a thought, he reached up and cupped the back of Sherlock’s neck, tugging his face down until it was close to his own. John looked into his eyes, wide with surprise, and moved in closer. Their cheeks brushed as John pressed his lips to the taller man’s ear and the sensation weakened his knees.
He runs through tomorrow’s plan while the elevator takes him to the lobby. He has plenty of time as it stops on nearly every floor to pick up what always seems to be a parent with children bound for the hotel swimming pool. He rolls his eyes and tries to concentrate over the din. The bout starts at seven, the ladies have all afternoon to do weights on their own with warm-ups starting around 5:30. Since they put in a long practice today, on top of the flight, tomorrow morning is free for sight-seeing and relaxation. Sherlock has heard some of the ladies making plans, mostly involving spas and massages. For his money, there are several historic sites to choose from, not the least of which is the home of Edgar Allan Poe.
John eyes the incredible man across the table as he elegantly slides a fork from between his plush lips and chews. John wonders at the feeling that blooms in his chest, all warmth and comfort.
Anyway, I hope this chapter affords you all a little respite. It is a bit of a short one. Sorry about that, but the next is more the normal length. Maybe if I can get it edited faster than usual, I could post it before the next weekend is upon us. I shall do my best.
* And most of all, when the fuck is Sherlock going to finally going to get his head out of his ass and propose to John?? (We all know that's what Sherlock really wants. Am I right?)
“Sherlock, listen. I…” John stops to wrestle with the panic threatening to burst from his chest. “I didn’t love anyone. I have never loved anyone I’ve been in a relationship with. I can’t guarantee it will be any different if we...if we agreed…”
“Go, go, go!” Hella answers and the three maintain the wall while Groot skates away from the pack and all the way around the track. When she rejoins, it is with the other group of women where she slams into one. With a satisfied gleam in her eye, Groot knocks her on her ass and shoves toward a second skater. The Woman takes the opportunity to follow behind Groot and dart around the whole group. The fourth blocker lunges to pick her up and misses, leaving The Woman to glide away free and clear, blowing a kiss as she goes and earning lead jammer. One of the trio lashes out at Groot in frustration, dropping her to her knees and drawing a penalty. She heads for the box as The Woman weaves her way around her own teammates and the opposing team with such grace and skill, earning four more points for Rock City.
Sherlock sighs again heavily and turns his head to see John sleeping soundly next to him. They were discussing a case and then Moriarty, and must have fallen asleep. He knows it’s foolish, but after the nightmare he just wants to touch John, touch him and make sure he is real and safe. Sherlock reaches for his flatmate and gently touches his hand. It feels warmth and alive. Sherlock slides his fingers to John’s wrist to feel for his pulse. Strong and steady.
“This one could be deeper,” Sherlock mutters nearly to himself, as he grabs one of the hand towels and presses it against the wound. John inhales sharply, but does not flinch.
He had not meant for this to happen and, while part of him wants to stay this way forever, another part tells him he can’t possibly do that and keep his friendship with John intact.
“Dental samples,” Sherlock supplies as he sets them on the sink. “I don’t discard things that could be useful. I’ll get you a comb while I look for the sweatpants.”
“More like who they are,” Sherlock replied. “What they do and where they live. What their motivations are. That sort of thing.”
“Janine will like hearing that,” John grins. They both chuckle quietly, an edge of tiredness to the sound. John sighs and looks at Sherlock, leaning his temple against the wall. “It’s going to be at least two or three hours before I’ll be able to see her, depending on how quickly she wakes from anesthesia. You don’t have to stay.”
“Sit,” he gestures at the bed and disappears into the en suite. He opens a cupboard and removes a plastic case. He also grabs two hand towels to sop up blood, knowing he will likely need more than the kit has to offer.
“They just stood there and let you slam into them on roller skates?” John’s mouth hangs open in disbelief.
A few months in, they began staying the night in one another’s flats, but did not even think about moving in together. John could not explain why, and Jim had asked regularly, but he was not ready for such a big step. It was something that would truly bind them together and John was not certain he wanted that. Two years later, John was out of school and already a skilled surgeon. Jim had climbed the ranks quickly and now owned his own construction company. Then Sebastian Moran came into the picture. Jim had hired him as an assistant. It was a typical occurrence for John to put in late nights or be called in for emergencies, but then Jim started working late too. John thought nothing of it at first, but it did not take long to figure it out. In spite of his somewhat jealous nature, John said nothing. It was easier to let it go and just make excuses to Jim about why he could not stay nights at John’s flat.
The whole incident makes him sick to his stomach, but the kitchen is the worst. The thought of a murderer holding John close to his own body from behind, a most vulnerable position indeed. The image stirs within Sherlock an emotion he isn’t sure how to process. Fear and protectiveness, like he was wronged somehow right along with John. It does not make sense. John is not his to protect and yet, there it is, front and center. Sherlock cannot ignore it or his feelings for John. He has tried, of course, since the moment he walked into Greg’s office to meet the doctor. Even though there are no organizational rules preventing them from exploring an attraction, there is still an obstacle and it is the most important. Sherlock’s own heart. He allowed himself to be vulnerable with Victor and paid the price. Recovering from it would have been impossible had he not thrown himself into coaching and derby. He had vowed never to be in that situation again. Since then, Sherlock has never felt the desire to open that door in his mind palace, not even a crack.
As he stares at Sherlock, a tinge of anger sneaks onto his face and his voice has an edge when he speaks.
Lead jammer - the jammer who breaks through the pack first (no points are scored on the initial break through. The lead jammer controls the jam and can call it off at any time, unless in the penalty box.
Much love (I hope you all don't mind the posting frequency) and thank you for reading. You are, as ever, fully loved and appreciated.
Jam - or round. Each jam lasts a maximum of two minutes, if the lead jammer does not call it off. Blockers and jammers may be swapped out in between each jam.
“No, you’re not,” John supplies. “My parents would’ve liked another child. They thought I needed a playmate, but I did fine on my own. I had a lot of friends.”
But seriously, my poor John. I've thrown him into certain death this time. He got away from Moran not once, but twice, but can he escape this? I won't lie, it doesn’t look good for him. And what of Sherlock’s plan? Does John being in the water toss the whole thing in the scrapheap? Wait, wait! I'm getting ahead of myself. Those were questions and I have not yet announced question time. Cart before the horse. *shakes head*
YES!! They've done it and Sherlock has finally - how did Greg put it? - "pull[ed] his head out of his ass" and started looking for John. I know I made him a bit thick in this chapter, even after the effects of all the drugs had worn off. I wanted to convey Sherlock's feelings of fear, not that John had left and would never come back, but that Moriarty actually took him. He considered the possibility the night after he spoke to Greg and yet, he was still convinced that John had left him the next morning because even the great Sherlock Holmes didn't want to believe that his worst fear had come true. His mind finally lets him put it all together and see the clues when he's ready to deal with it. I hope you can all make sense of that and not just think I'm just portraying Sherlock as a dumbass. Not my intention.
“Piss off,” he replied and John could not help but burst into laughter. Fortunately, a smile bloomed on Sherlock’s face as well, a glint of mischief and genuine amusement flickering through his eyes.
“Yes, alone,” he confirmed with a good-natured nod. “I don’t do romantic liaisons or spend meaningful moments with people.”
“I started training with Molly even more so she could be the best skater derby had ever seen,” Sherlock replies resolutely. “I gave her advice and told her about the strategies I’d been dreaming up.”
Sherlock and Rosie burst through the door to 221B. The little girl drops her school bag and tears off her coat. She tosses it to its hook and hits the target perfectly. Sherlock raises a brow, following her slowly.
“Ahh,” Billy breathes, stepping back from the doorway. “Molly sent you. Come in, John Watson. Come in.”
“Of course not,” Sherlock laughs, finishing with the bandage. “I have a few pieces of equipment here.”
When they stop to view Poe’s portable writing desk and chair, Sherlock moves closer to marvel at it. After the guide is finished with her speech, the coach begins mumbling about Poe’s writing habits and his works. It is truly fascinating how much Sherlock knows and John is more than happy to listen. He would gladly listen to Sherlock for days on end and never tire of it. The man’s voice caresses John’s very soul. Each sound is rich, smooth dark chocolate coating John’s ears with warmth.
“Smith just radioed in,” the man tells them, unaffected. Sherlock watches Riley thoughtfully thinking how he must have worked with the dimwitted Budreau for so long and he is used to his dense, slow mind. Sherlock sighs almost out of pity. “They found The Crown and Sawyer. She tried to dock in Sandusky and blend in with the amusement park crowd. They’re taking her to the station.”
Sherlock’s mind snaps to attention at that, but his expression shows nothing. John knows! He has noticed! Does he know it happens every night or believe it's once of twice a week? In any case, the detective decides to ignore the comment for now in favor of thinking it through later.
“The last two nights,” John pauses and Greg’s brows dart up in expectation, his face exuding impatience, “a man in a mask has tried to kill me.”
A moment of silence follows and Sherlock feels suddenly compelled to convince John he has not lost his mind. He leans forward and grasps the hand that lies idly on the table between them.
How does John feel about being told the love of his life never wants to be his husband and what news does Mycroft bring?
He should have dove in to look for John himself. He saw him go in, so it stands to reason that it would be easier for Sherlock to find him in the murky depths. God, it’s a terrible plan and not knowing what is happening beneath the water is unbearable. He has to put an end to this wretched little man as quickly as possible and help Greg look for John.
Jim Moriarty was standing at the bar with Moran and talking to Greg. John stepped away from Sherlock as though he had been caught at something and turned to face the bar fully. He watched for a moment as Jim laughed at something Greg said and then once more when Moran added a word or two. It clicked in John’s mind: a decision. His life would be forever changed.
John gives him a small nod as Sherlock gestures to a nearby cafe simply called ‘A Taste of India’. What the name lacks, the air drifting from inside makes up for with warm spices and the scent of freshly baked naan. They are soon seated and indulging in some of the best Indian food John has ever tasted.
Alone in his upstairs bedroom the night before as he listened to slow, sad violin music drift up from below, John had resolved to speak with Sherlock first thing in the morning. That plan came to a crashing halt when Sherlock greeted him with new information on the location of a flat Moriarty had recently occupied. They grabbed their coats and left immediately.
Welcome back! I hope I didn't keep you waiting too long. This was one of the bigger cliffhangers in the series and I know if I'd been reading it I would've shit a brick when Part 6 ended the way it did. I may like to torture you, but I don't like to keep you waiting. If that makes any sense. That doesn't make any sense. :D I'm surprised I feel this silly and jokey, since my college team lost today by two points. Two effing points. But let's not dwell on that. Our boys are far more important and I have a promise for you.
“Since it’s just the two of us, I think you should watch the bout from here. It’s close enough to our box if needed and you will be able to see anything I can’t,” Sherlock tells him while pointing at different locations on the map.
A goofy grin appears on John’s face. He glances at his own knee where Sherlock’s had just been and a soft look comes over his features. He turns on the couch, folding one leg in front of his body. One arm rests on the back and he cups his own cheek in his hand, but he says nothing.
So-ho, where does this leave us? Mary working with Moriarty and now, what? Taking over his role or acting out on her own? Sherlock and John in the know and watching her every move? They are particularly dangerous to villains when they see eye to eye, you know. Mycroft has finally turned up something useful with maybe more to come? Perhaps he's finally getting used to what's had him so distracted of late and things will stop slipping through the cracks.
“We’re flatmates,” he clarified with an easy shrug and then added after taking in the change in John’s features: “Yes, just flatmates. We keep each other honest.”
Hello, friends! I hope this chapter finds you all safe and well. I'm sorry I didn't get it out earlier in the week after the last short and suspenseful chapter. The editing gods would not cooperated with me until last night and this morning. One promise I can keep is that chapter 7 is definitely a long one to make up for the last with a lot of good interaction between  our two leading men. I don't think I've made a secret of this, but I love dialogue. I try to give enough description so you know what's going on and where they are, but I'll never write the wonderfully poetic prose other Johnlockers make into an art. Hm. Not really sure why I decided to share that bit of information. Must be feeling introspective. You caught me in more the philosophy mindset instead of my usual Deadpool. Haha.
dancing his way toward John. He was decidedly not staring at John with his mesmerizing and other worldly eyes. John’s mouth went dry again and he blinked once more for good measure, his brain seizing utterly. He watched, unable to look at anyone else as the man left the floor and swept up to the bar next to him. The man gave John a knowing smile and studied him with a sultry, but intensely intelligent gaze. Dumbfounded, John could only look back at him with wide eyes and will his own brain to work again before he truly proved himself a complete idiot.
“Yes...Sherlock?” John whispers, shivering as Sherlock’s mouth lingers before his own. The end of the detective’s nose brushing his lightly. John inches forward only for Sherlock to suddenly back away.
“You don’t want to change anything about it though,” he stopped and studied John with great interest, the skin beneath his eyes contracting in thought and recognition. “You have a boyfriend and for some time, in fact, but you don’t live together by design. You were close once. Now you can count the number of times he’s been to your flat in the last six months on both hands. You have been to his more, though still not often and you never to stay the night. You have not been intimate for at least a year, but still enjoy spending time together as friends and you’ve wondered if that might not be the better route,” Sherlock sounded as though he could not stop himself if he tried now and John felt a little hot under the collar. The mad genius was definitely going to explain how he knew all of this.
“I’ve wanted to say…to tell you…how much I…” he cannot seem to finish any sentence he begins. John tilts his head slightly and licks his lips. It would be so easy to kiss him. To just lean forward the few inches between them and kiss those plush lips. “John, I…I…”
With all of these thoughts pushing their way through his mind, Sherlock fixes his previously distant gaze on John. Could it be? Could the evidence before his own eyes be true? Is the sweet little cinnamon roll in his arms actually the only person or thing Sherlock has ever found that brings real peace to his overactive mind? And what does that mean exactly? Is that a good thing or will it eventually dull his senses?
Wrong. John was wrong. He was always wrong in a relationship. He kept himself closed off and his partner at arm’s length every time. Never letting anyone in and never actually giving himself fully to another person. Relationships can only last so long when one half isn’t all in. Claire had simply been the most persistent, but it had not worked either. She could not crack his shell. No one ever had and that was ultimately what John did not want Sherlock to know. If Sherlock saw that there was no hope of John ever loving him, if he saw that John was incapable of it, he would go. That is the truth of it. John really should not try to hide it, even in the interest of prolonging a relationship with Sherlock. It is dishonest and despicable. No better than the lies Claire tried to use to keep John. He will not be that person.
“Tell me about it. I saw the schedule for the first time this morning,” John furrows his brow. Attacks on the team with no discernable rhyme or reason leave little room to find the answer to the mystery. How could John find clues where there aren’t any and without Velma Dinkley declaring ‘jinkies’ when one does present itself?
LOL. Oh, god, I AM in a mood. Must be the cold medicine. Sorry for the obnoxious, soap opera behavior, my friends.
“You’re going to visit Molly as soon as we get back?” John’s voice is quiet and gentle. Sherlock gazes at him and they slowly become the only two people on earth. The hotel room falls away. In fact, the whole hotel full of people no longer exists as Sherlock finds and catalogs every hue of blue in John’s eyes. And a fleck of dark brown in only the left one.
“You don’t have to stay alone,” Sherlock replies in a quiet tone, not to disturb the couple. John lifts his head to look at him fully. They can both feel exhaustion ebbing and flowing from the other like the tide.
Lead jammer - the jammer who breaks through the pack first (no points are scored on the initial break through. The lead jammer controls the jam and can call it off at any time, unless in the penalty box.
“Couldn’t help it, could I?” John says, puffing out a breathy chuckle. Sherlock hesitates a moment and then presses on. He might as well finish the story.
While we're on that subject though, I was planning to get chapters out faster than I have been. Things haven't been working out and when I do edit, I've found that the chapters are so long that it takes quite a while. In addition, I want to apologize for any spelling errors or other issues in this chapter. My little nose-miners kept chatting with me and otherwise demanding my attention while I was editing. I am definitely still working on releasing chapters more frequently, so hang in there with me.
Sherlock stares with somber eyes as Moriarty laughs hoarsely. A soft breeze ruffles his curls as he looks straight ahead and then angles his head down to look away from Moriarty. Water splashes against the side of the boat and the sirens grow louder.
“Billy Wiggins was poisoned,” John finally says. Greg’s jaw drops again and he stumbles back a step, resting his backside on the desk for balance and knocking over a pencil holder in the process. “That’s why he retired. He told Molly after he left and he told me too. About a week after I started.”
Thank you all for your support - likes and comments and hits. I just can't believe the amazing response to this story. I am truly blown away. Please if you have anything urgent to say or any questions, I'd love to hear from you. All the love means so, so much to me. Thank you all.
“Why do you insist he be miserable? That he be alone?” John takes an aggressive step forward. “Because you are? Maybe he wants something else.”
With a smile on his face, Sherlock turns to the kit and begins rifling through its contents for the strips. He knows he has seen them before and is certain he has never used them. Just as he sees them, his hands slow to a stop and eyes lose their focus, as he stares blankly at the kit. John’s wounds are from bullets grazing his body. Sherlock has seen examples just like them in the medical books he studied while Anderson was the team doctor. He wouldn’t trust that man to place a band-aid on a scrape, much less execute decent stitches. Sherlock had felt more secure knowing he could step in, or at least watch to make sure as little was bungled as possible.
Sherlock leans down to lift John’s feet into his lap and removes his socks, dropping each one on the floor in turn. Sherlock gently strokes and caresses John’s feet, one after the other and back again. As the film eventually comes to an end and the credits begin, Sherlock drops his eyes to John’s surprisingly smooth feet.
“Erm…well, I rather thought after this morning…after what I did...and said...” he pauses awkwardly, waving his hand in a rather general way as if hoping it will somehow clarify his meaning. John raises his brows in question and Sherlock sighs in frustration. “I know when I’ve been dismissed.”
The doctor pads to the sofa in stocking feet and stands for a moment, just watching his flatmate. God, he’s gorgeous. Pale skin and ridiculous cheekbones, angular face and firm physique. He isn’t as thin as he used to be. John assumes it is from having regular meals with Rosie and perhaps age, a slowing metabolism. Lord knows the man himself hasn’t actually slowed at all, nor has his mind. He is as brilliant as ever. John smiles down at him softly, wishing he could run his fingers through those luscious curls and touch the full lips with his own.
“Looks like you won’t be attending the show after all. What a shame,” clicking his tongue. “I’ll still make sure John puts on the performance of his life. Just for you.”
“No, I don’t think so,” John chuckles. “A couple of butterfly strips will do it. D’you have any in that first-aid kit of yours?”
Sherlock walks into the bathroom and flicks on the light. He turns on the water and splashes some on his face. Once, twice. He buries his face in a soft, plush towel and holds it for a moment. Sherlock is exhausted. He always is after a flight. He does not like flying and every muscle in his body tenses to remind him of it. He can never rest his mind either, scenario after scenario rushing from room to room of his mind palace, giving him not a moment’s peace. John tried to sit next to him the first flight of the season, but Sherlock did not want him to witness his quiet panic so he convinced him to sit elsewhere. He told John he liked having time to himself when, in truth, Sherlock wanted nothing more than to have John by his side forever. After that, John did not try sitting by Sherlock again.
4. I hate to say this, but what if Sherlock finding the boat and joining them is ALL PART OF MORIARTY'S PLAN?!?!?!?! Mother fucking aaaahhhhrrrbbbegahhhh!
Rosie’s jaw drops and she stares at him silently. She can’t utter a word. She can’t even begin to process what Sherlock has said. He covers her hand with his own.
In the meantime, what d'you think? I'd love to read your thoughts, but can't reach out into the ether and find them on my own. Go ahead. It's the comments section right at the bottom. Right there - you can see it. (Haha. Okay, so I guess the smartassery of Deadpool hasn't worn its way out of my personality yet.
“Why, John?” Sherlock is suddenly on his knees before the bed at eye level with John. His voice is tense as he tries to find anything at all in the wing he has marked for John that would warrant such an attack. “Is there someone from Anaheim who would want to hurt you? Do you have any enemies?”
“Space,” he says as they enter a large bedroom with a vaulted ceiling. John stops about ten steps in and looks around the room in apprehension. Meanwhile, Sherlock drops his hand and continues walking to a door on the far wall.
Yas! I had fun writing this chapter. I mean, some of it maybe not, but most of it. I didn't realize it was going to be so long. It just sort of happened that way. I hope you all enjoy it!
Sherlock jolts backwards and plants his hand on a nearby dresser to keep himself steady. His breaths are coming rapidly and he holds a palm to his chest. His distress clear, John lurches forward to help, putting a hand on his arm.
I know, I know, two chapters in two days is either Christmastime or overwhelming, but I couldn't sit on this chapter any longer. I just couldn't!
He looked at the man in front of him with wonder. He felt as though he had known Sherlock all his life, despite knowing virtually nothing about him. It was a feeling, a touch. John’s hand found Sherlock’s where it hung at his side and opened his mouth to speak.
“I know,” she answers with a small smile. She spoons up some ice cream and brings it to her mouth. “So what about Uncle Greg? Does Daddy ‘member him?”
Sherlock nods as John walks to the kitchen giggling. And right then, he decides he must spend the rest of his life making John Watson giggle exactly that way.
He seems to be the exception to every rule, and he seems to encourage change in John with every passing day. Today’s is more obvious than any John has noticed to date. He simply does not get jealous as a rule. He probably hadn’t cared enough about any partner in the past to get jealous. Yes, he expects loyalty when he and a lover agree to be exclusive, which he and Sherlock have not done. John left Sherlock’s room before they had a chance to even consider it.
(On a side note, my son asked me what that means. "What does he mean by keep your pants dry, Mom?" He's 10. Do i tell him or keep it to myself? So far, I've just said why would you want your pants to get wet? Lol.)
John first noticed Sherlock at Greg’s club a year ago. John was there with Jim and a slow song had just started as Jim began to pick a fight with a rather large and nasty-looking man. John pulled him onto the dance floor and tucked his chin to his own shoulder to calm him down. A few bars into the song and John’s eyes had found Sherlock. He was wrapped around another tall man, both equal in height, all the parts of their bodies lined up perfectly for the dirtiest dancing John had witnessed in a long time. He had tried not to watch them, but could not stop himself. Sherlock, still nameless to him at that time, was simply captivating.
John noticed him on the dance floor a few more times after that night and Sherlock was always dancing with a different man. This new knowledge had befuddled John. He had assumed Sherlock and the tall man were together, but that was clearly not the case. He started paying more attention and his hunch was confirmed every time he saw Sherlock at the club. That was when John started to keep track of who Sherlock left the club with and it was Greg. Only ever Greg. He had wanted to ask Greg about it so badly, but never did. He respected his friend’s privacy and part of him did not want to know whether or not Sherlock was attached to anyone in general, or to Greg in particular.
“Problem?” he furrows his brow until that little wrinkle appears between his eyes. John wants to lick it. “You look troubled.”
“No,” John shook his head, still holding the amber and ice-filled glass out over the bar where Greg had handed it to him. “Not Sally. No way. You’re having me on.”
Doing as he’s told, he focuses all of his attention on John’s face. He begins taking in every detail to distract himself from the pain and all-consuming fear. He takes his time on John’s lips. Not full like his own, but certainly not thin. Average, he supposes, and incredibly soft. Softer than he ever would have expected. And warm, playful. Suddenly overcome with the urge to kiss them, Sherlock tenses his body to sit up, but is met with astonishing pain and John’s hands trying gently to keep him down.
Sherlock studies him for a moment, taken aback by the apparent flirtation. He wets his lips and glances away. He cannot be reading this correctly. John is not flirting with him. He can’t be flirting with him. He is joking. That’s what it is. He is making light of all this, of the situation.
2) What will Sherlock dream up during their evening planning session and will it work or fail spectacularly?
John’s eyes are glued to the elderly man and he waits quietly for him to go on. Billy picks up a glass of lemonade from the side table and takes a drink. He had offered John a glass before they sat, but John had respectfully declined. Billy holds the glass in both hands and shakes his head once.
The two men swim over to the side of the boat and Greg helps John turn so they are facing one another. He glances at John’s wrists with concern and then grabs onto a narrow, metal ladder fastened to the boat’s side from top down into the water. Greg must use it to climb back on after diving. He holds onto John’s torso just under his arm, mercifully on the side without the gunshot wound. They both kick their legs to keep afloat while looking at one another.
“Oh, fuck yeah,” Moriarty bites out, his faculties sharpening again. “If I knew it would all lead up to this, I’d have jumped on you a long time ago. Is that how John likes it? Rough and dry like…”
A few shouts of support start from the group of skaters working on core exercises on the outer left side of the track. More join in, along with the group doing squats on the right side, just after the timer yells one minute. As the time ticks down, Freddie and crew are all but drown out by the voices of a team joined in a common goal. Training is key. Training together, helping each teammate reach for something better - one more lap, skimming off one more second, slipping past for one more point -
“Oh,” John groans. His head lays back on the floor and his hands fall to his sides. With the air knocked free from his lungs, he cannot answer Sherlock right away.
you thinking. Isn’t that what you said to me? Just stop before you come to some erroneous conclusion.”
John stares at him pointedly while he tapes the bandage down. Once he is finished, he packs up the first-aid kit and closes its latch. Sherlock considers returning it to the en suite, but knows it is the coward’s way out. He has never shrunk back from anything in his life. He is not going to start now. Instead, he meets John’s eyes and sees a fierce determination there that matches his own.
John tilts his head and furrows his brow as he watches Sherlock. The taller man looks utterly flummoxed and John has no idea why.
“Yep. They’re setting the tibia and repairing the ankle. Should be finished in an hour or so,” John turns his head to face him. “Did we win the match-up?”
Thank you again for all the LOVE and SUPPORT! Your hits, kudos, and comments combine into a huge shaft of gold when all around is dark.
The words of both men are drown out by bustle of paramedics and police rushing into the room. John reluctantly steps back, letting the others take over Sherlock’s care. He watches over him closely, even as Lestrade takes a place by his side and asks questions that Sherlock can’t hear. Before long, the detective is on a stretcher and in an ambulance. In a haze, his eyes shift sleepily from one paramedic to another. Their already quiet words begin to wash together as darkness creeps along the sides of his vision. With his last coherent thought, he wishes John was in the ambulance with him and resolves to do something about it before the next time one of them is transported to the hospital.
“Can you be more specific?” John laughed, but looked anyway in the direction Sherlock pointed with his head. “There are quite a few.”
“Well, it’s just…” John shifts somewhat nervously. “You should be able to relax in your own bedroom and sleep, but you couldn’t. You left. And as much as you deny it, you do need to sleep, Sherlock.”
Anyway, I'm going to start us out with some key terms mentioned in this chapter. I'll continue to add more in coming chapters as needed.
“Don’t worry, Janine,” John’s eyes soften as he turns them toward her. His face relaxes and his body language is open, honest and comforting. “I’ll see you through it every step. You’ll be fine. Trust me.”
Thank you and I love you all. If you feel moved to comment, please do. They are very welcome and give me great joy indeed. Much love, Jane
One chapter left! One. Chapter. Yikes, this gonna be good! I don't even want to say anything or give anything away. So...I'll just go Deadpool style.
“I learned to watch and listen to everything over my years in medicine,” John shrugs, ducking his head at the praise.
“Good. We’ll follow you back,” Budreau faces Greg again and almost smirks, “while Mr. Lestrade here tells us about tonight’s events. Hm?”
Yes, I reward your patience with adorable togetherness, cute joking and hot sex only to crush your hopes. Why can’t Sherlock leave well enough alone? Curiosity kills the cat and this man wants to know everything he can about John Watson. Poor man stumbled right into it and now there’s no turning back. So what’s gonna happen now, Jane? How will you fix this? You’d better fix this! Which leads us right into...
The two men continue to switch the mask back and forth all the way up until they burst out of the water. John coughs and gasps and covers his face with his hands immediately, trying to rub the irritants from his eyes. A spike of pain has him arching his back and gasping. Fortunately, Greg still has a hold of him so he does not sink into the water. When it subsides, John continues rubbing until he can open his red eyes, squinting against even the soft light of dusk. John’s first sight is his own wrists, bruised and bleeding, the rope-burned skin broken.
“Not them! The sisters! The human sisters. The elder shut out the younger at a very young age. It’s the story of their reconciliation.”
“Honestly,” Greg runs a hand through his salt and pepper hair, shaking his head in exasperation,  “I did too. But she obviously didn’t. I just got off the phone with her. She’s on her way here and thinks this doctor is the answer to our troubles. We can’t play without a team doctor and the season is about to start.“
I can hear all of your voices now. "NO, JOHN, NO! Don't fall for Mary's trap! Don't turn away from Sherlock! AHHHHH!"
In another bit of housekeeping, there are definitely going to be 11 chapters in this Part instead of 10. Just letting you know.
“You’re usually here with that detestable little man who drinks too much and yells at the other dancers,” Sherlock ignored the sudden change in John’s demeanor.
“Far be it for me to…” Greg began, but John raised a hand to stop him. There was no need for him to hear it all again. It made no difference. John would wait. Always.
For the next three weeks, the three men watch everything at bouts as closely as they can. Whether home or away, Greg and John are always stationed in locations where, between them,  they can see every inch of the track and every member of both teams. Sherlock does his best to help while still coaching Rock City. But nothing happens. There are no suspicious injuries or accidents, nothing but the usual rough and tumble of a bout.
Also, shout out to my ever-faithful friend, Purrfectlmt for the Lady Jane moniker. I love it! I feel the need to create some kind of sticker for my car that says exactly that. (You should see it - so many stickers because I can't help myself)
I am totally blown away by the reaction to this work. I cannot believe all the kudos and kind comments. You all are amazing. With friends like you, I'll keep writing Johnlock forever! It warms my heart to know what joy it brings to others. It truly does. Thank you, all of you, for your love and support and encouragement. I treasure the lot of you.
“Well, he didn’t really invite me,” John says with some embarrassment and a hand cupping the back of his neck.
I also wanted to say that whatever happens in my story, you have to do just what the title says - Persist. It's pretty long. There are good and bad times. Jim is a dick, and John and Sherlock have to put up with a lot of shit. Please stick around for everything. It has a great ending (whether happy or sad) I promise.
Sherlock’s eyes fly to John’s face. He was relaxed and cracking jokes earlier, but now wears an expression of curiosity that creeps in the direction of worry. Sherlock looks away as he tears open the package in his hands. He has placed the first one in seconds and then the other.
Why does John never answer when Sherlock asks him? (I mean, except that one time and it totally makes sense why he said no.)
“I am not frightened!” the detective replies furiously. He starts to move away and get out of the bed, but stops at a light touch to his arm.
Thank you for your patience and for all the love. I know I say that all the time, but it's so true. You all mean the world to me. I hope you love this Part as much as the previous three. I'll be posting whenever I can, so keep an eye out.
The room is deathly silent. Mrs. Hudson has risen from her chair and crowded forward to glower down at Sherlock. There aren’t many people in the stadium who are taller than Sherlock and none when he has skates on, so when the rare opportunity to use height against him arises, everyone takes it.
“They never arrive together and one waits for the other in a different, inconspicuous place each time,” Sherlock continued. “She gives him a hotel key card each time so she doesn’t have to bring a handbag. They leave together and always in the same direction, presumably to said hotel. There is a pale ring around the third finger of her left hand where the rest of her skin is tanned. She never takes off the bracelet she wears and it has a single charm that is actually the heart-shaped pendant from a child’s necklace.”
“You’re bleeding,” Sherlock announces, eyes now roving over John’s body and searching for other signs of injury.
AHHHH! Omg, we finally made it! They finally got there. Holy fucking shit, Jane! Why did it have to take so long??
Hmm. I feel like I should ask some DP questions, but I've said enough already. I'll leave those questions to all of you. Go ahead. Ask me anything. Maybe I'll give it a sassy DP answer. LOL.
“You’ve got to be kidding me,” Moriarty groans in frustration as the blonde, soaking wet head of John Watson appears.
Did I freaked you out with the things go awry at Angelo's summary? Heh heh. Or When John tried to leave the table maybe? It was starting to look like his dinner with Mary all over again and wouldn't she have been tickled pink to see that. You know, if she wasn't dead and all. I didn't even change the tags so as to not give anything away. Eeeeeevil.
“There’s nothing I’d love more, but it’s already so late and getting the ladies through an airport is like herding cats,” John laughs when Sherlock cracks a smile. “That’s what you Americans call it, yeah?”
1) What was Sherlock going to say??? Is he interested?? Does he want to date John?? Oh god, the mind reels!!
3) What's Moriarty up to at this point? He must know John went home with Sherlock and that smacks of no resignation.
What an interesting dinner! The boys are certainly getting closer, aren't they? But what does that mean?
OMG! I love this chapter, but it was so hard to write and edit. There's so much emotion - sorrow, panic, fear - and I feel all of it right along with my characters. And then when Sherlock proposes, there's this huge release!
“What kind of attack?” Greg interrupts, directing the question to John, but Sherlock continues speaking right over the GM.
“Yes,” John grinned up at him, pulling back a bit as the song came to an end, “of course. That was extraordinary.”
“You’re serious,” he says in disbelief. “You know everything in a glance and you can’t see that he’s into you?”
Sherlock turns to face him, taking John’s hand in both of his and pulling it to his chest to give the already exhausted muscles relief. Sherlock lifts a leg and sits half on the edge of the bed, looking into John’s stormy eyes. He can see the fear still there, warring with the mind that tells him Rosie is safe and the danger is gone.
With that, both men were silent. John’s eyes were still wide with shock, his lips parted. He searched for something to say, but did not think he could speak if he tried. There was no way Sherlock could know all that, especially about Jim. He could not possibly...and yet, John believed him. He let it wash over him as he and Sherlock continued to shuffle their feet. They moved slowly, nothing like their energetic dancing earlier in the night. John considered Jim, thinking about things he had avoided for months. Staying in the relationship, such as it was, made no sense and was not fair to either of them. It was not what John wanted and yet, whenever John thought about the time Jim spent with Moran it angered him, but why? Jim deserved to be happy as much as John did and if that was with Moran, then so be it.
Suddenly John lunges at him and Sherlock yelps. They topple over on the couch in a mess of limbs and giggles.
Hello, my friends! It is a beautiful Sunday and I am back on schedule. Let’s hope it stays that way. Lol. I just want to give a shout out to my wonderful beta, MyBreadAndButter. She, and all of you, challenge me to be better and keep going. Thanks and I love you all.
“Not her husband,” Sherlock corrected, his tone flat. John’s brows shot up again as he met the detective’s sharp eyes.
“John and I spent the rest of the conference together,” Mrs. Hudson is saying when Sherlock tables his thoughts and returns to the conversation. “It was one of the best conferences I’ve attended, I must say. He is very genuine and honest, and very friendly. I think you will both like him once you meet him.”
Thank you all for sticking with me and, hopefully, to stay with me (if another part is in store). I love you all. Knowing this story brings each and every one of you joy, sorrow, and love is the best feeling ever. I almost didn't post this story, but I am so very glad I did.
Those two words catch Sherlock completely off guard and his gaze locks in on John. They share the most sincere of looks across the table. John’s deep blue eyes sparkle, even in the low light of the restaurant. A scheme by hotel managers to appeal to couples who want a romantic evening away from prying eyes. Even those who do not seek out the experience find themselves caught up in the atmosphere. As he continues to gaze into those amazingly expressive, gorgeous blue eyes, Sherlock decides he rather likes it himself.
John sighs and looks into Sherlock’s eyes. He pulls him close into a tight embrace and wonders what the future will bring.
Glancing at the wall clock and furrowing his brow, Sherlock considers who the hell would come to his door at this hour. Greg? Another bang on the door and he sits up. It can’t be about Molly. He spoke with her just that evening. He had sneaked out of the stadium around 8:30 and gone straight to Ford. Well, almost. There was a stop for her favorite ice cream on the way. They had talked and joked as they ate the contraband treat.
“Right, right. No need to tell me anything. I only love you, that’s all.” John sits up and leans into a pillow up against the headboard. “It was Moriarty.”
boyfriend,” he said petulantly. Sherlock managed to mostly conceal his sneer as he said the last word. John could not stop his quiet chuckle at the man’s jealousy.
Sherlock tilts his head because the man sitting on the couch next to him is absolutely the most amazing sight he has ever seen. He places his water bottle on the coffee table, drawing John’s attention to the violin and bow.
I don't know that there's more to say about this chapter than THE PLOT THICKENS. So we'll get right to the questions.
“Oh, god. That’s fantastic,” he covers his mouth and leans back in his chair. He is back to the table again in seconds and seems like he is leaning even further over his plate. “Did you ever get in trouble?”
“I’ll be fine, Sherlock,” John assures him warmly. The detective nods as he rises and places his own dishes in the sink. He walks back to the table. John looks up at him in surprise when he rests a hand on John’s shoulder.
Responses are in and darkness has not been discouraged, so we are all about to take a trip down the rabbit hole. I'd explain, but I think you all know what I mean. I just want to say please no one lose heart. The scale will tip upward again. Every story has highs and lows - it's what makes them worth reading and what makes the characters worth caring about. And MY characters are worth caring about. (An uppity assertion, I know, but I love these guys. Please accept apologies for my conceit.)
I wanted to say that I've been told AO3's notification system might be acting a bit wonky. Some readers aren't being informed of new chapters and, since I have no idea how to fix that, I think all I can do is encourage you all to keep an eye out for new chapters. I'll definitely be posting them. If it goes over a week with no news of updates, go ahead and check because I probably did post.
But I digress. I know I spent a lot of time and chapters establishing Mary's character, even though we all knew she was going to be a villain. Why have I not done the same for Janine? Meh. There are more important things in this Part, so I wanted to jump right to the climax with her. I like Janine in the show, but could never get over the idea that she might actually be Moriarty's sister. After all, what did Magnussen have on her? He made reference to it, but didn't state anything specific. Entonces, I HAD to make her the evil avenging sister. Ha! And since nobody can get close to Sherlock, what better way to worm her way than to take a job at the surgery? Nyeh nyeh nyeh.
“Think nothing of it. Jim can be a real dick when he wants to be,” John reassured him with a friendly smile. “Takes a while to warm up to him.”
I love you all and love to keep on entertaining you and hearing from you. You're the best and your support means so much to me. Things are getting a little tricky with me right now. My emotions are all over the place. Posting is truly one of my most treasured joys. Thank you all.
“Absolutely! I’d love to...oh,” he stopped himself mid-sentence and his face fell, coming to his senses before getting far in his reply. Releasing Sherlock’s shoulder and straightening up, John remembered why he was here tonight. Jim was the whole reason for even being in the club. He could not just leave.
“You did phone the police,” John says, voice brimming with affection and exhaustion. John is holding up his hands too and Sherlock notices his right arm is not nearly as high as the left. His eyes narrow suspiciously for a split second.
There. That's my philosophy lesson for the day. I also want to add that I'm already editing Part 4 and it'll be coming up soon. YAY! I also, also want to thank you all again for your love and support. Writing is such a joy for me and I am delighted to bring joy to others. I love you all. I also, also, also (I promise this is the last one) want to mention a snippet from a comment written by my one and only Sherly. "Moriarty is a shit. Fuck him! He is a total dick." Sherly, HE SO IS!! I'm right there with ya. He needs his comeuppance, damn it, and NOW. This message tickled me to the core. Love you.
As my precious Pat said long ago, I am a master of evil. Truly the Empress of Evil. I still need that on a t-shirt, btw.
I love this chapter. It warms my heart. Sherlock finally realizing being human is okay and that John brings him strength. John finally saying yes when Sherlock asks, feeling that he has worked through everything that has happened and coming out better on the other side. Beautiful. And then the sex. OH YEAH! Steamy, sultry, John carrying Sherlock around the flat for a change. Need I say more.
In the end, John suggests coffee and Angelo is more than happy to oblige. Once the cups are delivered to the table and the restaurant’s proprietor gone, the two men talk and laugh together. They share stories they haven’t in years and even ones they have told no one before. Sherlock, for one, cannot believe the evening is real. He has never experienced anything quite like it. Molly is the only person he can talk to this freely. It does not make any sense, but he feels he has known John Watson for just as long and can trust him just as much. There is one very important difference, however. He has never wondered if Molly’s hair is as soft as it looks. Nor has he wondered the same about her lips.
Sherlock blinks at John. He turns his head slowly to share a perplexed look with his brother. Both are speechless. John does not want to talk to Mycroft, that much is obvious, but ever the peacemaker with these two men, John pushes his feelings aside and does his best to move things toward resolution. After five years gone, John has slipped back into this role seamlessly without even knowing that he used to do it.
Omg, Jane, you are so mean! Poor John! Poor Sherlock! Haha. You are not wrong. My Empress of Evil shirt is literally in the mail as we speak. Hopefully, I’ll be wearing it as I post next week. That is my dream. Now, I know what you're saying. "Okay, Jane, okay. We got it, but will you be posting something just as gut-wrenching? And will there be any sandwiches?"
“After I rang Mrs. Hudson to fetch you from school,” he tells her cautiously, “Daddy asked about you.”
The words are out of Sherlock’s mouth before he can stop them. He closes his eyes slowly, scolding himself. He has no idea how to explain that one away and just hopes John does not interpret it the way it sounded. Against his better judgement, Sherlock chances a look at the doctor. Instead of anger or utter confusion, John wears a brilliant smile without a hint of guile.
“Uh...well, I’m not exactly sure,” he cringes, lifting a hand and cupping the back of his neck. “You see, I’m the new doctor for the Detroit Rock City Rollers.”
They are silent for a few minutes. It is awkward and yet, not. Sherlock feels very comfortable and calm, even as his nerves remain edgy. His grey eyes suddenly dart to where his own hand rests on John’s hip, a reminder to stay still while he works. He can feel the warmth of the skin under his hand. A light sweat breaks out on Sherlock’s forehead and his heart rate picks up. It sounds so loud in his ears and John must be able to hear it. They are too close for him not to.
Gah! She's back!! And she wants to be John's friend. She's moving to London and did anyone catch the part where she was going to put the moves on him as they sat on the sofa together?? Villainess!
Sherlock meets his eyes. Truthfully, he has not. But he has come close. Sherlock readies a new piece of gauze and wets it with peroxide. When he is ready, he moves the towel aside and leans in closer. John’s body twitches at Sherlock’s first touch and again periodically as he cleans the wound. It is much deeper than the other one and very similar with that odd shape. Sherlock furrows his brow, trying to place it.
“I don’t know, John, but we can’t go hurling accusations around without concrete proof, especially with something as serious as this.”
“How could you possibly know all that?” he cocked a brow and tucked his chin, pulling away from Sherlock slightly for a better look at him. “You’re having me on. You just made that up.”
“It’s amazing. And the team is phenomenal. I’ve only seen scrimmages so far, and I’m just learning the rules, but they are really good. They communicate so well with all these signals that look like they’re just shaking out a kink or something.”
John presses his lips into a thin line and for a moment, Sherlock thinks he might tell him what a stubborn asshole he is. But the anger and frustration quickly fade from his face, making way for a broad grin and bright eyes. Sherlock could look at those blue eyes for a hundred years and it still wouldn’t be enough.
John’s face goes all soft and he tilts his head. Though he says nothing at first, he places a gentle hand on Sherlock’s. It is warm and feels like home.
“I think you can,” John replies, meeting the man’s eyes again. Billy tilts his head curiously. When John speaks, his voice is low and deadly serious. “Molly mentioned poison. She said
“Watch out for 32. She hits hard and she has your number,” Sherlock’s eyes are narrow slits when he looks to Harry in the tight huddle they form with Hella, Groot, Smacks and The Woman just outside the track.
Yes, Jane is back and full of beans! (bonus points to anyone who knows where that comes from) I have a wonderful new story for you all, my friends. It's my very own Season 4 fix/continuation/ultimately-what-I-would've-liked-to-see-happen-instead-of-what-they-actually-did. I only changed, or subtracted one might say, the last episode. I hope you all like it and aren't too upset that it isn't Persistence II. (It's coming, I promise.)
I also want to draw your attention to the tags. They have changed a bit and I want everyone to be prepared. In addition to the tags, I will be writing non-con warnings into the chapter summaries. I will also identify sections of chapters that can be omitted if it is a trigger to anyone.
Moriarty quickly asserts himself over the wounded detective and pins him down. In spite of his injury, Sherlock grasps Moriarty’s wrist to regain at least some control over the knife, but Moriarty doesn’t try to attack. He just smiles and licks his lips.
Sherlock sits up and studies John carefully. The words from his dreams echo in his ears and are soon joined by Moriarty’s actual words. His threats toward John still cut cold in his heart. He doesn’t want to say a word, but how can he not? How can he keep this from John with so much at stake? He swallows hard, licking his lips.
John’s eyes go from hard with anger to soft amusement in seconds. A rather unceremonious burst of laughter pops from his lips, now turned up in a smile.
Holy hell in a handbasket, Jane, just what are you up to? John escaped that one by sheer, dumb luck. He may be a soldier, but he can sure think on his feet. And the suspense of the whole thing. Arg! When I was editing I kept thinking of the jabberwocky and something wicked this way comes. The guy was so close to the desk. Soooo clossssse. *shivers and then straightens to full height* Don't be hurting my doctah.
Okay, I slipped into a little of my Deadpool side there at the end. I know you won't mind. You all know me, which doesn't necessarily bode well for John and Sherlock. Yikes! They have truly gotten themselves stuck in a mess like a june bug in molasses, and that's thick molasses too.
Hi ho, everyone!! I hope you're all enjoying the story and that life, such as it is at this point, is good. Once again, it is my greatest wish that this chapter bring you solace and the chance to forget you troubles, if only for a few moments. I send it to you with all my love.
“God, Sherlock, really?” Greg rolls his eyes. The coach always was a drama queen, even from the beginning. He doesn’t usually get this carried away though and he clearly has John’s buy in.
There's one more chapter in this part, friends, and the boys are getting ever closer to Jim as their relationship grows.
Mwahahahaha. I could say so many things in answer those questions. Without giving anything away, I will say this: Yes, there will be sandwiches. (diabolical laughter) But seriously, we do know that John is going back to Detroit and we know what he has to tell Sherlock. Gut-wrenching? I think so.
“Yes, sir,” Riley nods and hurries away. Budreau turns back to Sherlock and John, giving them a congenial tilt of the head.
The words echo through John’s mind as he moves his hands to the waistband of weights. He finds the knots, impossible to release, just as his internal monologue reaches the height of foul language. John shakes his head once in frustration and desperation. The burn of his chest is threatening to become all-consuming when he must focus all of his concentration on the ropes and the weights. He is about to close his eyes in an attempt to close everything else out when a sudden shaft of light appears before him, stealing his attention away. He watches curiously as the light draws near and when he sees its source, John blows out a large puff of air, nearly all he has left, in surprise. He is staring into a round mask that covers the very worried brown eyes of a scuba-clad Greg Lestrade.
“Just what kind of evidence do we need, hm?” Sherlock growls in a deep voice. “A bottle of poison with Moriarty’s name on it? A body? Would that be enough for these incompetents?”
“I have no doubt that Bill treasured your friendship and never had any expectation that you would serve together. He left his things to you as a remembrance of what you shared, not to make you feel guilty or that you’d failed him. You haven’t, John.”
John feels so buoyant, no longer tethered to the weights and it is almost intoxicating. He nearly forgets where he is and what he needs to do until hands unseen take the regulator from him for a few seconds and then press it back into his hands. The same hands grab him around the waist as he takes another breath and pull him upward. John kicks his legs to help. Before too long, Greg needs more air and takes the mask from John again. He touches it briefly before taking it each time as a signal to John that he needs it. John wishes he could open his eyes, but the sting of extended exposure to the water is more than enough to put him off the idea. He needs to flush his eyes, not add more algae.
“But now…” Sherlock’s voice pulled John back to himself and the dance floor where he had been moving by rote. His eyes focused back into the here and now, and he blinked at Sherlock’s thoughtful gaze. “You may have found someone else who’s worthwhile. A reason to change.”
What a chapter this was to write/edit. I just want you all to know, as if you didn't already, I go absolutely out of my way to Jim a complete bastard. The biggest, baddest dick EVER. And he has cooked up quite a scheme to keep these lovers apart this time. Enter, the tears.
Sherlock bites his lip. It is too much. He lifts himself, putting more space between them and adopting an air of nonchalance that grips his heart and squeezes.
John’s jaw drops. Whatever he might want to say, although he has no idea what it would be, simply will not come. John is struck completely silent with shock. He stares into Sherlock’s imploring grey eyes and wonders what possessed him to even think such a thing. Why would he take Rosie from her home and her father? What kind of monster must Sherlock think him?
* When will these two get a moment's peace so they can just solve a normal case? (Jesus, Jane, settle down!)
1. What. The fuck. Just happened. With John????? Is he okay? Is he hurt? Surely not dead. Jane wouldn't do that, would she? Aaahhhhhh!
“It could be us,” Sherlock blurted suddenly. John half wondered if the man knew he had said it out loud, but his wide eyes and scarlet cheeks told John he did. “I could be yours, if you would be mine.”
If this is a trigger, these two paragraphs can be skipped. The first paragraph begins "You son of a bitch" and the other with "It started as soon as". To help give the signal to skip, I have underlined the first few words in these two paragraphs.
I want to thank all of you for your support and dedication, for going on this wonderful, mad journey with me into an AU I feel has been sadly neglected by Johnlockers. It has true potential, as I think we all see. This has been a joy, a true joy and I am so humbled and touched that all of you came along with me from beginning to end. I have to say I’m sorry to see this John and Sherlock go. I have grown to really like them, and the precious friendship between Sherlock and Molly. I think you’ll be seeing more of that from me in the future. Hopefully, I’ll be able to mix it up a bit so it doesn’t seem the same from one story to the next. Haha.
“With me on the floor, no less,” Greg remarked looking out over the dance floor. “I forgot how hot it gets in here. Usual?”
The rest of the bout goes without a hitch. Rock City wins by fifteen points. Sherlock receives a call from John just after his celebratory remarks in the locker room. He confirms an oblique fracture of the tibia, just under the knee and a stable fracture of the fibula where it meets the talus. Both require surgery and John will stay at the hospital until Smacks is resting comfortably. Sherlock gives the news to the team once everyone is on the bus for the hotel.
“You’re on speaker now, Greg. You said you want to review the plan,” Sherlock prompts, impatience clear in his voice.
Sherlock’s eyes pop open wide and he doesn’t even try to hide his surprise. Most people would need a fact like that to be pointed out and not draw the conclusion from just ordinary conversation.
Without realizing it, Sherlock has drifted quite close to John. He knows he should pull back, but has no intention of doing so. John smells so good. Cinnamon and vanilla with a unique musky scent that must belong to John alone. Sherlock inhales deeply, wanting to memorize every detail of it, of this moment because they will never be this close again. John will snap out of this spell and step away, a window in time to be suffocated with shutters and never reopened.
Sherlock popped his body to the beat, looking every bit the king of the dance floor. He was like a six foot tall snake slithering both elegantly and suggestively into John’s space and out again. It was the hottest goddamn thing John had seen in all his life.
“It’s late and they will keep you in the station for hours,” Sherlock explains, making no attempt to keep the disdain from his tone. “You may as well get some sleep. Waiting to tell them in the morning won’t make much difference.”
All of these questions and more will be answered in the coming chapters. I'm so excited to share them with you!! :D
“So,” John casts his gaze on Mycroft pleasantly enough, “why don’t you tell me who the fuck you are and what you want.”
I know I usually talk about the chapter I just posted, but WOW there are so many visceral reactions to the previous chapter. I have definitely felt that way about some of the stories I've read over the last couple years, but I never thought anyone would feel that way about something I wrote.  Thank you always for your support and honesty (especially to Sherly for laying your feelings bare). You all may not believe me, but every one of you makes all the difference to me. I can't help but delight in it every time I see the kudos and hits, or read the comments, and it all makes me want to post more. RIGHT NOW. THIS MINUTE. Sometimes it's really hard to hold off a couple of days.
I should have said this before, but I apologize for any errors in spelling and whatnot. I edit myself and sometimes I see what I expect and miss things. I hope you're all enjoying it!
John’s angry voice and clipped words draw his attention to the argument taking place at his side. He listens to every word the paramedic says, every justification for John to go with them to the hospital, all while John shoots back refusal after refusal. Apparently, John is much like Sherlock in that way. He certainly doesn’t mind visiting Ford Hospital when one of the ladies is laid up, but he detests going for his own treatment. Nevertheless, John must go to the hospital. Sherlock presses his lips into a tight line and moves in closer to the doctor.
And then there's the other problem for John and Sherlock. How long will it take them to talk about it this time? Will Sherlock ever get his head out of his ass?
“How do you keep yourself fit?” John asks in a light tone, brows near his hairline. “Midnight jogs in the park?”
“Yes, something like that,” Sherlock chuckles and, before he knows it, John has joined in his revelry. John continues talking a moment later, taking on a more serious tone.
Sherlock’s gaze comes back to reality and darts to John’s shoulder, then his hip. He feels the packaged butterfly strips between his fingers, but his mind remains elsewhere. A cold chill drips slowly into his veins as a singular horrifying thought reverberates in his head.
“John,” Sherlock snakes a stealthy hand under the blanket and squeezes John’s thigh. The doctor quiets almost instantly, his eyes shifting to the coach. His entire demeanor has changed. Gone are the razor sharp edges in his posture and the hardness in his eyes, as the anger seems to drain from his body. “You need the stitches and you know it.”
“Yeah,” John answers with a shrug, almost numbly. He huffs a laugh and angles his head to gesture at the blanket still on his shoulders. “She says I’m in shock.”
**Section 3 begins with a very short account of rape. If that is a trigger, just start reading at the dialogue I have underlined. This section is also rife with depiction of violence and torture. Tread carefully.**
Sherlock purses his lips and furrows his brow, but obeys. His cool, grey eyes focus in on each of the policemen in turn, cataloging every detail as they climb onto the boat. A soft touch on his knee draws his attention away and back to John. He meets those dark blue eyes, swimming with emotion, his lips in a crooked smile.
“Sherlock, I’ll not have you risk your life for me,” he replies shortly. He moves his hands from Sherlock’s shoulders and shakes his head. “That is something
“Sherlock. Sherlock, wake up.” John pushes at his shoulders insistently, blocking Sherlock’s fist efficiently when he takes a swing at him. “Sherlock, what the hell are you doing?!”
“It’s delightful,” he smiles. He might have said more, but their server interrupts to give them menus and tell them about the specials. A moment later finds Sherlock studying John rather unabashedly as the doctor scans the menu. He would stop, but John does not seem to notice.
“Erroneous conclusion?” John repeats incredulously. “I can reason things out just fine, thank you very much.”
“Thank you for driving me,” Sherlock says softly, “and for suggesting dinner. I enjoyed it very much.”
Hella finds her hand and holds it tightly, a misty look in her eyes as she lays her head on HardOn’s shoulder. The bus is quiet, every skater exhausted, and in a haze of worry and regret. Watching them from his seat at the front, Sherlock straightens his spine and calls out so all can hear.
Did I mention last time I intend to post every Friday night? Did I also mention that if I don't make that, it'll be sometime during the weekend? Haha. Just made it this weekend.
“That is hardly due to discussing cases with you. Or even you being in my bed. My brain doesn’t just turn off. I leave my room in favor of working quite often. You know that.”
“I wondered if you’d get up the nerve to knock,” he remarks in a friendly tone. “I saw you drive up from the kitchen window.”
And there you have it. I hope you all enjoyed reading it. I certainly had a great time writing it. I know, I know what you're thinking. John, you're an idiot. Why is John such an idiot? (shrug) He's trying to remember his life, his love, the glorious man at his side who has helped him from the moment he awoke. That kind of mental effort and confusion can take a lot out of a person and make them take ten steps back sometimes instead of moving forward. Idiots in love... Idiots in love.
John frowned into his empty glass as if it held all the answers of the universe. Forty-two, as they say. He let out a short chuckle with a slight shake of his head and then a sigh as he turned his stool to look back out at the sea of dancers. Deep in thought, he was not really looking at anything at all until his eyes came into focus on a pair of ethereal blue ones staring back at him. John blinked in surprise and jerked his head back as if burnt. The stare belonged to a tall, impossibly sexy brunette who demanded space in the massive throng of heaving, shifting bodies. He danced like his body was possessed by the music itself. His limbs and movements appeared graceful, elegant and effortless in spite of the speed and vulgarity of the hip hop track that filled the air. His white shirt glowed in the blacklight above him, drawing more attention to the V of his neckline that was nothing less than a delicious, scandalous temptation where two buttons left undone exposed his pale throat. His black jeans hugged every sharp edge as well as the curve of an ass that had no right to be as plush as it was for a thin frame such as his.
“Jenkins!” the sergeant calls over to the officer on the police boat. “You got the man from the water?”
Jerking his head just in time to avoid being stuck by it, Sherlock holds tightly to the smaller man and rolls to his other side, dragging Moriarty with him and slamming him down onto the deck. With his opponent momentarily stunned after the blow, Sherlock knocks the gun from his grip and then slams his head to the deck again. A surge of adrenaline races through Sherlock’s body at the sound and he is suddenly back in time listening to Moriarty badmouthing Molly all those years ago.
“Oh,” she gasps, but the warmth of his hand under hers and on the cool skin under her breast reminds her why she paid this visit in the first place. She narrows her eyes to look at him hungrily. “You can make me feel better, Doctor. With one deep injection.”
As the song continued, the other dancers and the club with its lights and noise fell away. Suddenly, John and Sherlock were the only two people for miles around. It was just them and the music. They danced and danced and the song seemed to go on forever. John turned to face Sherlock, their bodies still close together and hips moving as one. John looked into those grey eyes, sparkling and bright, and completely lost himself in them. They were not the eyes of a stranger he had just met or someone he had seen from across the club, but those of a friend. A friend he had known for years and who knew John as well as he knew himself. Those eyes filled John with comfort and a longing to go to that restaurant Sherlock had suggested, leaving Jim behind for good. Of all the time John had spent with Jim, he could not think of a single one when he saw this much in his eyes.
“You’re too damn smart not to have it all worked out,” John pulls back to look at him, a grateful and utterly besotted expression on his face. “You saved me.”
“And may I remind you that I would never put any patient in that situation,” John replies hotly. “None of that was my doing. Although, you seem to know that.”
“Come to my office this afternoon. Allie will have it to us within the hour,” Greg tells him. He gets a quick nod from Sherlock as he walks out the door.
Sherlock shifts on the bed to sit on his knees and extends a hand to John. He takes it hesitantly and climbs onto the bed. The two men face each other on their knees.
Or maybe she just feels she and John share something special after their time on the island. And her motivation is perfectly innocent. Yes, that's it. After all, John's a wonderful person and everyone would be happy to spend time with him. Sherlock's right about that. Oh, but Sherlock was jealous before and now Mary is in their midst. And he's already so suspicious of her. "As far as he's concerned, this woman is a case." Anybody notice how he refers to her as "The Woman" now? Hmmmmm.
John had come at his request because they had not had much time to themselves lately. Both of their jobs had ramped up and meeting together had become difficult. John bit the inside of his cheek in irritation as he scanned the floor. A night in the club, much as he enjoyed their usual haunt, did not mesh with his vision of ‘quality time’.
Once again, their intrepid server appears to derail the conversation. Fortunately, more of his other tables are full now and he gives them their salads relatively quickly. They each unroll utensils from napkins and begin to eat. As Sherlock closes his mouth around a honey mustard-laden tomato, John looks at him again with the barest hint of a smile.
“Okay then,” Greg announces from the ladder as the police boat approaches the opposite side. Their weapons are drawn and they demand that everyone stay still. Greg turns to look at them, raising one hand slowly and gesturing at Moriarty with the other. “We’ve got your man right here. There’s another one somewhere in the drink.”
“But why would someone on the Ravens help James Moriarty?” Greg asks. “Assuming you still think he’s responsible after this.”
Sherlock’s words stopped abruptly, as did their movements. Couples holding each other close swayed around them, but did not bump into them somehow. Sherlock’s body was rigid to match John’s, his face startled and filled with dread. He knew he had said too much. All of it was true, of course, right down to the notion that John was toying with the idea of asking Sherlock out on a proper date, but to say it aloud with so much presumption, because there could be no doubt as to who “someone else” referred to. Sherlock had inserted himself right into John’s life with the ease of that one comment and was clearly petrified John would be angry, insulted even. They had only just met, after all.
John blinked when he felt Sherlock’s hands rest heavily on his shoulders. The man was still swaying in perfect time with John, who must have been on auto-pilot, but wore a look of mild concern on his face. Sherlock tilted his head as if to ask “You okay?”. John grinned sheepishly and nodded as the music swelled one last time. Both men, as well as everyone on the floor, threw their hands up and sang.
“No man should ever make a lady wait,” The Woman lifts a seductive brow and clicks her teeth. “Even I am ravenous.”
What can I say, friends? They're so cute and in love and active in their sexual lives. And we now know that John will use Sherlock's military kink to his advantage. I'd say full advantage, but I think he could've done more this time around and chose not to. Who knows about next time though. One of my favorite lines of this chapter: "God, I want to bite it." You know what I mean. Oooooo.
“If Lestrade had anything useful, he’d have told us. No, I need to contact my network. See what they’ve found.” He moves toward the edge of the bed and reaches for his dressing gown. John watches him with a look of shock.
“I put together something in my room,” Sherlock answers, his expression shifting. “I often request that the kitchenette be stocked with some of the basics.”
Thank you all for reading and loving. We're almost there! Persistence pays off. :D hahahahahaha. Sad, I know.
I'm so sorry, my friends, that this has been so long in coming. I was on a very long holiday and while I planned to edit/post in the evenings, it did not come to fruition. I hope you can all forgive me. I do think this chapter was worth waiting for. It certainly makes me smile. Apologies for any type-o's. I don't think I caught them all.
“What do you mean?” Greg asks. When Sherlock only stares back pointedly, the smile on Greg’s face fades.
Hello, friends! First, I have two apologies. I never did get back to the end notes on the last chapter AND I'm sorry this one took so long to come out. It's been a weird week (eye roll). You don't want to know. I'll try to get the next two out faster. I think there will still be 10 chapters in this Part, but I'll let you know if it changes.
“I know, I know,” Greg runs a hand through his hair. “Look, maybe he won’t bring it up again. He dropped it, didn’t he? He just thinks you’re a private person.”
He raises his hand slowly and places it on Sherlock’s shoulder. Greg thinks the taller man may pull away, but he doesn’t.
They stare at one another in cold, dark hate. A trail of blood slowly trickles downward from just above Sherlock’s eye. Moriarty leans down and licks it away from his ear, and then whispers.
Whistles blow loudly, three in rapid succession, as Sherlock rushes onto the track. In spite of being closer, somehow John gets there first. He calls for his bag and begins assessing the damage. Sherlock squats next to him.
Sherlock’s eyes snap open when a loud bang reaches his ears. He is lying on the over-sized sage green couch in the condo’s living room. Sherlock bought it knowing he would spend hours on it within his mind palace, likely falling asleep on it most nights. He frowns mightily when he hears the bang again.
“Oh, yes,” Sherlock nearly choked on his words. He clearly had not deduced the full extent of their relationship. Maybe Sherlock had not asked Greg about him after all. John’s heart sank a little. Then he saw Sherlock’s eyes fall to his left hand, looking for a ring then. John’s heartbeat sped up just a bit for that gesture alone.
With that, Budreau turns his back and sets off for the police cruisers, calling out to Riley and the others as he goes. Sherlock casts a glance around the dock as officers scramble to finish their work and notices Greg in the middle of the bustle talking with the officer who steered them back to the marina. They both wear broad smiles and Sherlock is quite certain they have moved on from the topics of the investigation to one of a more friendly nature. The coach finds himself smiling in spite of himself.
It suddenly occurs to me that I didn't mention Jim in this chapter. Needless to say, he never returned to 221C. But he's still skulking around and pissed as hell.
“As long as you’re not having a quickie, I’d say I agree,” Greg laughs. Sherlock closes his eyes in resignation and, as if he can see him, Greg’s chortling ceases. “Oh, shit. You’re not on speaker?”
Sherlock pushes open the door to his hotel room, key card in his mouth, a bag in one hand and a garment bag flung over his shoulder. His dark curls are all askew and one falls onto his forehead, nearly into his eye as he stumbles his way into the suite. He blows it off his face only to have it drop right back down and barges head-long into the bedroom.
“Still… It’s your bed, Sherlock. You shouldn’t have to give it up for me.” John watches with soft eyes as Sherlock shrugs dismissively. He continues hesitantly, not quite meeting the detective’s eyes. “Maybe we shouldn’t talk about cases in your room.”
Will Sherlock hold to his philosophy of no relationships, no complications, no sentiment? (I'll give you a clue - He's already failing at the no sentiment one, but I'm sure you picked up on that.)
I want to be honest before I turn to question time. The next couple weeks could be hard and I may not get the next two chapters out on Sundays, but I’ll do my best. Please be with me in spirit. I will definitely be with you.
Sherlock misses the rest, thinking back on that night. It had been bliss. He’d still had a nightmare and woke. It was his first nightmare, in fact, but he had held John close after and then slept soundly, in spite of his concerns. Every night since, he and John had simply climbed into bed, bid one another good night, and gone to sleep. Yes, they had snuggled close and pecked one another on the lips a few times, but nothing terribly serious. Sherlock told him he would not rush, not push him into anything, and Sherlock aimed to keep his promise. Each night, Sherlock had a nightmare and got up to work after, leaving John to his slumber.
I know, I know. All the murder attempts are pretty soap opera-ish, but it's all going somewhere, I promise. And, hey... KISSING, FEELS!
“Yeah. Yeah, I’m good,” John replies, breathing a little fast. God, he is so exhausted. His body feels like it could seize up and drop at any moment. The adrenaline is wearing off and the shock of nearly drowning is catching up with him, but he has to hang on. He has to get out of the water and onto the boat where he can let himself collapse safely. As soon as he makes sure Sherlock is all right, of course. John cannot rest until he knows the love of his life is alive and well and before his eyes, cheekbones, curls and all. God, how he longs to see that smug smirk on Sherlock’s beautiful face.
Btw, I can't remember just now who brought this up and I apologize for that. My mind fails me, but I want to say it was Purrfect. Anyway, "These questions and many others will be answered on the next episode of...SOAP"!!!! It finally came to me! That show was hilarious! I only saw it in reruns long after Katherine Helmond had been Mona on Who's the Boss. I couldn't believe how many celebs were on Soap back before they were famous. I thank you for this trip down memory lane, and if that isn't what you were talking about, I'm afraid I have no hope of figuring it out. I can't think of anything but Soap now.
“What is going on?” Greg’s voice is calm, but commanding and maybe a touch apprehensive. “Tell me. Now.”
Letting his lips curl into an affectionate smile, he relaxes into the bed and gazes at his flatmate. He silently catalogs John’s little movements - his eyes flitting back and forth beneath his eyelids, the occasional twitching of his lips. Sherlock spends extra time studying those lips and very lightly touches his fingers to them, but pulls his hand back quickly when John suddenly jerks his head away. Sherlock holds his breath as John grows still again.
“Fine,” Sherlock says. It makes sense. It does. John is not wrong, but Sherlock still believes Moriarty is behind all of it. Everything he knows about the man, every experience they have shared is all the evidence Sherlock needs. However, solid physical proof is what police will require. All the more reason to go with John to his apartment in the morning, which he might as well mention now while he is at it. “I’m going with you to meet the police tomorrow.”
God, there are so many questions and no answers. No fricking answers, Jane. BAAAHHHHH! I know. Believe me, I know, and I intend to answer every one of them...at some point. By the way, you might have noticed in the tags that I have added another chapter. As I was editing, I began to realize that there was just too much for one chapter and it simply had to be split into two. So now there are two more chapters after this one to look forward to. Huzzah! 😁 I hope they continue to entertain and give solace. Thank you all for your love and support. I shall see you...oh shit! I just realized I may be traveling next weekend and unable to post. Given that, I may end up waiting another two weeks to post. Unless, of course, the outcry is too overwhelming not to. 😂 If it is, I might post next Monday. In the meantime, I love you. Stay safe and keep your stick on the ice. We're all in this together.
With the air between them cleared, they enter the house and pay admission. Soon their guide is leading them through a most fascinating tour. Though it is no longer furnished, it is not difficult to imagine what it looked like when Poe lived in it, between their guide’s descriptions and Sherlock’s additions. Not surprisingly, he knows a good many things the guide does not. To her credit, she smiles each time he begins speaking and waits patiently for him to finish. He is courteous as well, not interrupting her canned stories before jumping in. John appreciates it all until he begins to notice how her eyes stray from Sherlock’s face to glide down his body approvingly. Clearly impressed with more than just his knowledge of Poe, she begins flirting with Sherlock in more and more obvious ways as the tour goes on.
I hope you all enjoyed this one! Personally, I thoroughly enjoy writing the conversation at dinner. Did Sherlock's past surprise anyone? Eh? Eh? I wish I could see all your faces when Sherlock says outright "I...got married". Ee-hee-hee-hee! Maybe it doesn't have the effect I imagine, but I'm going to hang to onto it anyway. The wide eyes, spit-takes, people falling over backwards in their chairs..it truly fills me with glee.
He hrumphs and rolls his eyes. John continues to smile and reaches for Sherlock’s hand. Drawing it to his mouth, he brushes his lips over the detective’s knuckles and then kisses the back of his hand. John’s smile widens at the visible shiver that passes through Sherlock’s body. He closes his mouth around the index finger and sucks lightly. Sherlock slowly turns his head to meet John’s eyes and pulls the finger from his mouth with a pop. His face is dead serious, but John can tell he’s trying not to smile.
“The voice,” John exclaims in hushed amazement. His eyes are fixed on Sherlock’s face, searching with intensity. It makes him feel like he has never really been seen by anyone before and the detective stands still as a stone to let John take in all he wants. And then John surprises him. “When you have eliminated the impossible…”
She has a mischievous gleam in her eye. If she was anyone else, Sherlock would be in a rage, but Mrs. Hudson has always been different. He is well aware she thinks of him as a son and, with his own parents dead for nearly five years, he is inclined to think of her as a sort of surrogate mother. He has known her for a long time and, truth be told, trusts her to a fault. The decision to hire Anderson was one that had to be made quickly. Deadlines were looming and they wouldn’t have been allowed to compete for nearly an entire season without a team doctor. By the time they learned what he was doing to one of the ladies, they were in the championships and the season was almost over. Mrs. Hudson fired him on the spot, in spite of potential disqualification. After her husband’s legacy, maintaining a high level of professionalism and strict adherence to rules, both the league’s and her own, were of the utmost importance. She also had the police outside her door to arrest him as soon as he left the room.
There is a long pause while they simply stare at each other. A thousand words seem to pass through the air between them. Words of thanks and confession and love and Sherlock wonders if John finally knows, but says nothing. Neither does John, until:
“Ta,” John mumbled, feeling his cheeks flush and ducking his head at the unexpected praise. He recovered quickly and gestured haphazardly behind his back. “You’re doing well yourself. Another busy night I see.”
“It’s not going to be easy, but he needs a decent night’s sleep,” Molly lets out a puff of air, contemplating the task ahead. “He hasn’t even tried to sleep since this whole thing started.”
Thank you all for your love and support. I couldn't do this without all of you. Writing and posting is truly a joy, but you all help make it even more fulfilling. Thank you from deep in my heart and watch out for Part 7. I'm hoping to start posting at the end of the week. Can't leave you hanging for too long. That's cruel. Also can't wear a green dress. That's cruel. Bahahahaha! Shout out to anyone who gets the reference.
”It’s no trouble at all, John,” he says firmly, placing both items on the counter. John’s lips are curled into the beginnings of a smile when Sherlock looks to him again. The coach actually gives himself a once-over before asking, “What?”
“Greg’s a good friend,” John answered. Finally his brain seemed to be back online and able to communicate. “And I like the club.”
“Well, I hope that fits you,” he tells John. “I’m not exactly your size and your shoulders are a bit broader than mine.”
“You left,” John remarked pleasantly, the joke plain in his voice. Sherlock had none of it, remaining stone faced and cocking a brow.
Sherlock looks at him again and sees the concern in his eyes. His anger melts away with a sigh. He puts his hands on John’s shoulders and looks at him with soft eyes. When he speaks his voice is gentle. He speaks slowly and emphatically.
Sherlock’s breath hitched and he pulled back to steady his gaze on John. The doctor’s grip tightened slightly in response as if determined to keep the man right where he stood.
“What?” Sherlock’s brow furrows, creating a small wrinkle right across the bridge of his nose. John’s brows and the corners of his mouth rise in tandem. That was clearly not what the coach expected to hear and John finds it incredibly amusing. And oddly endearing.
“I came to tell you straight away. I thought you’d want to know,” he pauses to look at the coach with laughing eyes, “like I was saying.”
“Please, allow me,” Sherlock whispers in a rough tone. John looks at him without blinking. The very tip of his tongue darts out to lick his lips. It lasts only a millisecond, but the sight of it sends Sherlock’s stomach to flipping and makes him weak in the knees.
“I’ve had the odd relationship over the years, but have never been anywhere close to marriage,” John says, distracting Sherlock from his escape plans. Strangely, John appears to be completely at ease again as though Sherlock hadn’t said anything so idiotic at all and the coach is thankful for it. “Didn’t even bother dating in California, which worked out since I didn’t stay long. But now…”
Sherlock rolls his eyes. The conversation is unbearable. What Greg said is one of the lamest covers he has ever tried to pull off and John doesn’t believe a word of it. Thank god he has decided to spare Sherlock and not press the point. Instead of advancing on Greg to find out exactly what he meant, John steps away and reaches for the door.
3. Will accidents start happening when the season begins and, once again, who will be the next victim? Seems they should all watch their backs.
“I shouldn’t. I…” John looked into his eyes and everything stopped. John did not even hear the music anymore. Sherlock’s eyes were... mysterious. John had thought they were blue, but now they appeared silver, green, blue. They seemed to shift with every thought that passed through that brilliant mind. How had John never noticed before? Simple, really. He had never been this close to Sherlock before and certainly never thought he would be. John was always here with Jim, and Moran and the whole entourage. Naturally, he danced with Jim, but his eyes had always found Sherlock.
Warmth shoots through all the parts of Sherlock’s body at the term of endearment. He wants to say something in return, but cannot determine what and eventually puts the notion aside when they hear sirens nearing the building. Instead, he smiles at John and helps prop up his head. Soon fire and medics will be in the flat digging them out. Sherlock finally allows himself a sigh of relief. He sits down next to John and talks to him until the medics are ready to put him on a stretcher.
So open and honest and yet, such a mystery. John would tell him anything if he only asked, even the personal and painful. John seems so responsive when Sherlock’s resolve slips and finds himself flirting, but truth be told, Sherlock is not entirely certain of John’s interest or orientation, for that matter. The stories of his past relationships are just vague enough that Sherlock has not gathered whether they were with men or women or both. They all have ambiguous names like Chris and Jamie, and are just short enough to provide the gist with no real details. Sherlock still cannot seem to deduce him either, not to the extent that he can everyone else. John cannot possibly know how he confounds Sherlock.
As this new Part begins, I want to thank you all for your love and support. It's already been a long and sometimes stressful undertaking (it's not over yet), and I couldn't have gotten this far without all of you. I truly hope you are enjoying this as much as I am and that you'll continue to follow my two lovable idiots as they learn to heal and live together again. I look forward to your thoughts and feelings.
Personally, I love the way this one starts. Sherlock’s stunned in the bathroom thinking, “I told John I love him. I told John I love him.” and then immediately segues into “John loves me. John loves me.” But forever the problem, John doesn’t know it yet. C’est la vie. ... My ass. When is John going to figure it out? Come on, man! Those tingly, weird feelings you’re feeling are love. Love. Get with the program.
“There’s something else, Greg. Something we do think is connected,” John pauses and looks to Sherlock meaningfully.
Sherlock sighs and looks at him. Greg studies him and he’ll be goddamned if Sherlock doesn’t believe him. The man who would have scoffed any other time in his life and accused Greg of enacting the role of older brother in an after school special is actually listening. He is actually accepting support when he needs it instead of turning away and shutting everyone out but Molly. The man is actually growing up.
Once John is in the boat’s small bedroom, covered with blankets, Sherlock puts on the kettle in the kitchenette. He soon has a steaming cup of tea and hurries back into the bedroom, Riley lingering somewhere in between to keep an eye on both of them. John is still shivering, but the involuntary movement has decreased considerably. Sherlock offers the cup to John with a nod of encouragement.
Two hours after they arrived, they are all climbing into the bus again. Sherlock grabs John’s elbow lightly before the man gets a foot on the first step. He pulls the doctor aside and speaks to him quietly as skaters continue disappearing into the vehicle.
Greg obliges as the boat begins to move. Medics radio from the marina and are told two need medical attention as soon as they arrive. Jenkins also radios the information about Sarah and The Crown in hopes they can intercept her at one of the other landing points.
“Sally called in sick,” Greg handed him the drink as John’s brows shot up and his jaw dropped. “Can you believe it?”
“Her daughter died recently,” Sherlock said. “In the last four years and she has taken up with this man to start a new life, but can’t let go of the old one. She doesn’t love her husband anymore, but feels she would lose what little of her daughter she has left. She clearly shared physical characteristics with her father, likely the eyes and nose. Seeing them in her husband’s face brings the woman comfort.”
The car ride to Angelo’s is comfortable and has Sherlock feeling as though he has known John for much longer than he actually has. There is no insipid small-talk, only easy silence interrupted by Sherlock’s directions and occasional tidbits about the neighborhoods they pass through. He does tell John that Angelo is an old friend and that they met almost as soon as Sherlock moved back to Detroit. It has been a long day at the stadium and Sherlock was starving. He had gotten in his car and just started driving. It was late enough that the staff had gone, but Angelo let him in and the two had talked for two hours while Sherlock ate an enormous bowl of pasta.
Anyway, I hope you enjoyed the chapter and that you're already looking forward to the next one. I'd throw in a teaser for what's coming up, but I think you all know. Well, some of it anyway. (insert smirky face here)
* How long will this truce between the brothers Holmes last? Has Mycroft finally learned his lesson?
“Happy New Year, Sherlock.” John replies in a low whisper. Then he smiles and reaches out, offering a hand. Sherlock hesitates and then takes it in his, surprised by how well they fit together and yet, not surprised at all.
“Thank you, Mr. Holmes, Dr. Watson,” he offers his hand and, in spite of his annoyance, Sherlock takes it for a shake. “I appreciate your cooperation.”
He laughed so hard when Sherlock nodded and he nearly slipped right off the bench they were sitting on.
Thank you again, all of you for all your support and love. Knowing you all are out there and loving my idiots makes me heart sing!
John leans in again, elbows on the table and hands together in between, his fingers entwined. His face is so open and sincere. Another flip.
“Damn it, Sherlock,” John huffs, “if I’d been there... If I had joined up I could have saved him. If I’d just been there. I’ve...I’ve never been able to shake that.”
