“You said you could smell her and from the smell you remembered a face…” It was not a question. Sherlock recited the information, considering, and then his eyes grew wide and he exclaimed, “The Proustian Phenomenon.”
“Ermmmm…” John swallowed what he was about to say and it came out a garbled growl.  He felt stupid for making such a quick irrational accusation and so finally, still confused, he demanded, “So, what exactly are you trying to tell me then?”
“None of us really know everything.” Lestat said with a smirk and quirked eyebrow.  “Not the kind of ‘everything’ that your mind seeks at any rate.  That would require scientific testing and you would be hard pressed to find any of our kind that would be willing to allow a subject to be tested, let alone volunteer.  Once you are a vampire it matters little how or why everything is the way that it is, only that you are and now always will be.”
“It was a good trick.” Sherlock confirmed.
The vampire was joined by the other man soon after, a hand coming up around his shoulders in a congratulatory gesture that was also empathetic to the underlying pain of such conduct. John had learned that Louis understood this conflict better than most and had struggled with its fierce tidal pull. Lestat had only complicated matters and was condemning of the sorrow of his fledglings lament. Louis’ own trials with it, however, now helped John immensely, as they shared the memory of these lessons through the blood-letting they shared.
“Where the hell is she, what have
Somewhere in the distance, an echoing mumble beyond the pain, he heard Moriarty’s scrambling words, “No! No, no-no-no-no, no!”
"Obviously, John." The detective retorted, as he gripped the side of the steel table and closely considered his friend.  Invading the doctor’s personal space earned him a look of discomfort. "But you did die and have become, for lack of better terminology, re-animated. Not in a way that I yet understand. You, like all of your 'kind' are now locked in the age you were at the time of your demise. You're physical cells will never again age or deteriorate, from the little I have learned from my time with Lestat."
He stared at her, he couldn’t help it. In his daze, he stammered, “T-that was…”
He focused back on the location where the body was found and turned his attention to the side of the building closest. Six small windows appeared about twenty-feet down its side and in varying states of detail to his minds-eye. The closest and most likely, he suspected was unlikely to be opened and if it had been able to, it appeared to have not been disturbed recently. Not to mention, based on the age and style of factory construction, there was probably no common or easy access. The other building wouldn't have allowed for that angle of drop and the body didn't exhibit any of the physical crush injuries of someone thrown from a window or roof when he had observed it earlier that night.
With a low chuckle John licked the side of the shaft. Taking his time, he traced the tip of his tongue along the underside from base to tip, enjoying the explosion of unintelligible sounds coming from above him. Once he had reached the top he parted his lips, wrapping them around the head. Sucking softly, his canines grazing the sensitive sides he lowered his mouth until all of his lover was taken in. Thankful now that he didn’t have to breathe he held Sherlock’s hips still when the man thrust up with a reverberating groan.
John was confused and he knew that he looked the part. “I’m in your head?”
! You were kidnapped by one and I got turned
“Grande Blonde Black, if you please.” The vampire replied, with all the politeness of an English gentleman. He made the mistake of giving her a small smile and it almost sent her back into a daze.
His eyes flashed open, gaze drawn to the source of his temptation. In a blur of motion he sat up, the thin blanket he no longer required falling to his waist as he spotted the wayward detective. The tall man lay curled on his side at the far edge of the bed, one hand tucked protectively against his pale chest, the other outstretched as though unconsciously reaching for John during the daylight hours.
“Did you miss me?” the vampire asked, with a smirk.  Sherlock refrained from responding and the vampire just continued on, “I see my little scullery maid here has been feeding you well.  Your color has returned and you look like you may have actually gained a pound or two.  Well, done Marisa.”
“Why me,” John gritted through clenched teeth as the scalding water sank more completely into the material. After a few more seconds struggling with the trousers, he temporarily gave up on removing them, settling instead for plucking the fabric away from his now tender skin. Sitting fully on the ground, fly open and trousers around his thighs was not how he wished to greet his brilliant and insane flatmate, but there was no help for it.
To his dismay a voice filled the empty rooms of his home, skillfully singing a moving rendition of some kind of pop music, which filtered out from the locked bathroom.
Lestrade wasn’t sure he could believe the woman.  If the pipes were running someone had turned the water on, either in the flat above or below.  His chair screeched back as he rushed to get to his feet, making the older woman jump.  He made hasty apologies as he explained he was going to have a look around, when there came an abrupt bellow from above.
Sherlock plunked himself down in the chair beside John, his hands gripping the vampire's knees, as he implored, "We have a chance to really experiment here.  To test your limits and abilities without the threat of harm to either of us."
He had no idea how to act around the tittering girls and chuckling men who wandered around pretending that they were from two hundred years ago. It made no sense to him. Why not live in the here and now? If nothing else, the clothes fit much better. He shifted again, spine already beginning to ache. His thoughts were interrupted by a stranger stepping up beside him.
Louis had not spent much of his immortal life in Britain. He had passed through that land more than a century ago with others of his kind and it was now that he was finally going back. Europe was never the mysterious home to him that it was to many of the other vampires who remained. He was a child of the 'new world' and was reminded of it whenever it was annoyingly convenient for one of them to bring it up.
“Well done. Here I was worried you'd be horribly rusty and perhaps I'd have to consider replacing you.” The tone was a combination of quip with an unmistakable undercurrent of fondness—as close to fondness as the other man was capable.
Lestat shrugged, “Well, I was screaming in an unknown black void of burning agony and then I was screaming in a shop window sans the pain. I took out a few mannequins in the flailing gathering of my senses and vacated the shop as fast as my speed allowed. I should be applauded on my restraint in not taking a few mortals with me in my exit! I was ravenous with hunger.”
Louis wished he would leave-off with this mortal sentiment, reminding him constantly that it was not needed. His hair would never grow any longer. If he cut it, by the next night it would return to its original length and grow no more. Louis had demonstrated this one evening, taking a pocketknife and sheering off his length of thick straight hair, and John was startled at the speed of the growth. It was not by any means instantaneous, but with their immortal abilities and keen senses John could actually see it growing back. The next night John had tried it, Louis explained that he might as well, to experience it for himself. In a few short hours it was the same again, as though nothing had happened.
The muscles in the detective’s jaw clenched tightly and John regretted his petty remark. “I can’t even control your thoughts from entering my mind, Sherlock! You drive me nuts with your—your bombardment! How am I supposed to block out someone who is trained and gifted at infiltrating, when I don’t even know how to shut the damn door? Maybe we should wait.  Maybe I should meet with David and…I don’t know—train more.” Everything felt so rushed and it bothered the soldier.  He felt like they were making a move half-cocked and that was always inherently stupid.
Chapter 5:
"I am aware, Armand. Regardless of what might be, my plans are arranged and I will be taking Dr.Watson with me to gather Sherlock as soon as I am able to tomorrow evening. You had mentioned you're return so I am letting you know that when you arrive I am uncertain of where I shall be because of all this. If you would contact me when you arrive I would like you to meet me before executing any part of the plan." Louis held his ground and reminded himself that he had been detailing his rescue plan for several evenings now and was feeling fairly confident in it.
“Obviously,” John scoffed under his breath. He resisted the urge to roll his eyes as the other man continued without missing a beat.
His moan was answer enough.  No need to repeat how much he wanted this from the other man, how much he had yearned for this, fantasized about this moment.
John’s escape to the seclusion of the secure room left Sherlock unsatisfied and unsettled.  He found it purely incredulous to believe that the other man felt he could keep this information from him, of all people.  There was no point or purpose to it, besides to prolong the other’s guilt-ridden suffering and his own frustration.  Why fight it?
The only thing new that he owned was the Kindle in his messenger bag, such a wonderfully insightful tool for the avid reader, and a pair of green Converse runners—his other shoes had become too worn to pass unnoticed in public and these just so happened to conveniently present themselves. Despite the fact that the immortal couldn’t register any kind of variation in temperature he had a grey and white knit scarf, hiding his noticeably pale length of neck that seemed to make young women’s hearts skip a beat.
He could easily scoop up the brunet one evening and get him drunk on his own immortal blood, seduce him with the intoxication of copper on his tongue and immortality. The cost was steep but could easily be paid in the blood of those who had committed graver sins then the mercy his grasp could deliver.
“Of course, I knew.” She retaliated, as though defending her skill and craft. “Only an idiot would think that the man killed himself to save someone else. He was a manipulative psychopath. He didn’t have friends.”
“You will need a new broom.” He added casually.
To his surprise the girl gave a light hearted tinkle of laughter, her chartreuse eyes sparkling warmly in the fire light.  “Candace isn’t dreadful.  She’s just…conventional.” Marisa tried to correct, fumbling to politely excuse her friend’s insipidness.  “She really didn’t like you.”
"The attack on your home was a separate incident. Not to say that those individuals do not still pose a threat to you but they are not a concern presently. The most pressing matter at hand is getting you and Sherlock out of London." Louis had made his way back down the hallway from the bedroom and stopped at the top of the landing that best overlooked the large open concept living and dinning spaces.
The room beyond was small but typical of an older generation croft.  There was a hearth in the center, he could hear the fire crackling to his left, and there was a small table with three chairs and a side board with a few dishes out on top.  There was little else in the way of furniture, just the essential accessories to living a remote lifestyle.  There were electric lights and he could hear a generator running somewhere outside.  It was what had powered the IV pump he had been attached to and yet in this room there was little sign of its use, which meant that fuel was hard to come by.
John growled low in his throat before turning to glare over at the infuriating man. “This,” he waved a hand at his sprawled-out form, “Is not masturbation.” Fingers twitching ever so slightly for the gun he kept hidden away, he balled his hands into a fist. “This is a man in pain who has just dropped boiling tea on his trousers!” He snapped out the words. “So, stop being a git and get me that bloody flannel.”
He looked away towards the fire and she leaned forward, stirring the pot some more.  "Orkney, then." he said.
“Yeah! I will be Sherlock and you can be John. Mrs. Hudson won't even know the difference.” Louis was rolling his eyes and smiling broadly behind a discreet hand, as John drew in long deep breath.
“Oh, it was a travesty, let me assure you.” Lestat moaned, raising a dramatic hand to his brow.  David ground his own teeth together watching the vampire rile his newest creation, until the blond revealed in a lively explanation, “I was rudely interrupted in the midst of my most crowning achievements—taking this humble world-famous consulting detective and turning him into the word’s most famous consulting detective vampire.”
Lestat began to hum a song—with contempt Sherlock did recognize the tune.  With asinine intent it was the theme from the American quiz based game show,
—and there was not a single piece of female clothing amongst them.  There was the doctor’s black dress shoes—
David could see the small hint of surprise that registered briefly on the elder Holmes face.  This was what the two of them had been reunited to avoid and although the vampire had always seen it as a lost cause, his counterpart had fought vehemently against even the thought of losing his younger brother to the dark gift, for that was what Mycroft truly saw it as—losing Sherlock.  Plus, there was the agreed upon outlook that the younger Holmes would make a terribly dangerous immortal, given his unequivocal intelligence and his past experiences with boredom.
“What is it?” The reply sounded lame, he had been caught day dreaming about what sort of horrible idea it would be to stay with Sherlock and continue to work cases.
With the paper beside him and the sound of the land lady settling in her own flat, Louis acknowledged the hunger that dully pulled in his veins. He could have easily not fed if he chose but he was past the stage in his immortal life when he would starve himself out of self-administered penance. There was never a shortage of people whom either craved or deserved the mercy of the death he could provide them. For many it was a far kinder end then they would have found on their own.
—he clicked the phone on.  It instantly began to vibrate, pinging with the new messages that were coming in.  Apparently he had missed a couple of phone calls.  He recognized one of the phone numbers instantly.
John seemed to be prone to nightmares, reliving the things he could leave behind during the daytime when he was most vulnerable.  The ghoulish grim memories of war and bloodshed replaced by the equally terrible remembrance of Sherlock’s caresses, of times when they had shared and enjoyed one another.  It was blasted annoying.  Just about as much as the sudden headache that had claimed his person.  Even more alarming than the kissing and touching within the dream was the idea that he would so freely forgive the man for leaving, for committing suicide on purpose in front of him.  He did not feel that he could ever do that.  That he could let Sherlock back in.
“Take me, Louis. I want you.” That had been enough when urging fingers dug wickedly into his back. Louis let out a sharp gasp before ravaging the pale length of exposed throat. Armand arched and bucked against him violently with a cry mixed with pain and ecstasy as teeth punctured perfect flesh.
Uncomfortable, John stood at the far end of the large, richly decorated hall. It was lit with hundreds of glass candles, illuminating the lavishly decorated room in what was supposed to be a soft, warm glow. Instead, it was gloomy. He huddled near one of the corners, trying to use the shadows to hide his features. John did not want to risk getting close to anyone, lest they realize that he was not like them.
Mind made up and with the fresh rush of caffeine in his bloodstream, Sherlock snatched the gloves from the side table, stuffing them into his pocket, as he rushed around and snatched up a few other essential gadgets from the cluttered flat. He was down the stairs in less than a few minutes and walking briskly down the sidewalk to the cab that was just coming to a halt a few flats down from his own with a fair it was delivering.
Sherlock glanced at John, meeting his eyes only briefly and there was a sudden little spike of fear that was not his own in John’s gut. Then it was gone and Sherlocks focus was on the blond who was eyeing him with a curious look. Not breaking his gaze with the fractured ice blue eyes, too clear, too bright to be human, the detective stated matter-of-factly, “This is the simplest course of action. I was there, I remember hearing the thing’s voice. I can make a positive identification.”
—down at the bottom of the cupboard, alone.  He closed the doors and opened the two drawers below—socks, pants, jeans—
Sherlock’s hands gripped the steering wheel, as the detective started the engine.  “It’s all part of the web, John.” He said, as he flipped the car into reverse and backed away from the building. “Marisa, Ludvik, Lestat. We are all being manipulated like unthinking marionettes. Just trust me. We need to get there. Now.”
John huffed, still unsettled by the girls’ conversation. How was it that people who lived millions of miles away knew so much about his life, about his disappearance, and that of Sherlock’s? They didn’t know Mary was dead, but their inferences into his relationship with her was disturbing enough. Worse than all of it though, was that these women had somehow known that he and Sherlock had been lovers. He couldn’t even pinpoint exactly why it was so irritating. It just was. Incredibly grating. Perhaps it was more that the girls had implied that Mary was just a cover story to hide the relationship between he and Sherlock—that seemed to somehow imply on a deeper level that he hadn’t loved Mary.
—look and John quickly licked his lips, amending with what he hoped was slightly more plausible.  “A case, I mean.  You know how it is.”
Problem was, he couldn't quite decide which was more delicious. The former lover and crime solving companion John Watson or that this same former lover was now entangled in a romance with a runaway member of a secret society. To top it off, Sherlock had more of an idea of something amiss with the Orphan Mary then the man whom had just asked her to marry him. Not only was the scenario itself fascinating but the mortals themselves were lovely in their naivety to the attention they had attracted.
Yet even if he could identify the organization that had previous owned John’s Mary Morstan there was still the fourth arbitrary unknown.  It was this unknown that had taken John.
call me that.” There was Sherlock, sitting calm-as-you-please, in light slacks and a tailored coat. He even had a bloody top hat and cane sitting between them. How come he got to wear something nice and simple?
More than a little satisfied with himself he turned his attention back towards the Baker Street flat and noted the darkened upstairs windows that denoted the fact that the consulting detective was not in attendance. The small window in 221C also remained black while through the main level there was the multicolored flicker and quiet roar of canned laughter that was indicative of the television's hypnotic cable shows. Lestat sneered in dissatisfaction.
John let out a resigned sigh, raking a hand back through his glistening blond hair. Sherlock tracked the motion. He still could not quite believe how shiny the hair follicles had become with the man’s change. John cringed and asked the obvious question. “How do we even kill a demon?”
The doctor busied himself with what doctor’s do, occupying his overwhelmed brain with the mundane tasks that the medical office brought in for him.  He finished his day at the office, gone out to eat, and flirted with the pretty waitress before catching a cab home to 221B Baker Street.  Once home he congratulated himself when he got there, realizing very belatedly that he hadn’t thought of the pool or clothes be ripped off for the last five and a half hours.  Perhaps it wasn’t as bad as he had come to think.  It didn’t mean anything.
The renter in 221C had also disappeared, utterly convenient that he should return to America on business at such a critical time in his investigation.  Louis after all had been the one to warn him of the dangers this stranger brought.  He was terribly curious to note that one of the books this fictional character with the same name appeared in was also linked to a book penned by a man with the same name as his mysterious neighbor.  Oddly suspicious but completely ungrounded.  Louis was still a young man, no older than twenty five, and his equally enigmatic counterpart was even younger, therefore they were too young to have actually written the volumes of which the characters appear and the only conclusion Sherlock could come to was that the duo was skillfully masquerading, working in tandem to entertain themselves and distract the detective from his query.
By the time John had processed the detective’s movement, Sherlock had him pinned. When they should have tumbled down onto the carpet, the whole space around them shifted like a kaleidoscope. When everything snapped back into place, Sherlock was straddling him, atop the man’s bed, within the Baker Street flat. He arched over John, trapping the doctor’s wrists above his head in a firm, yet gentle grip.
“That was five days ago.” John balked incredulously, stupefied by the staggering amount of time.
The wide lips pursed and brow knit as he slowly sank back into the blackness and back to standing at the drop-site, looking towards the entrance to the ally. He turned his minds-eye back to the roofs of the buildings as he thought on the unease that he had experienced. When he had felt it, it had come over him quite suddenly, like a small dart shot directly into his amygdala and his immediate reaction was to freeze. It was different, sharp, focused and it had produced a high-pitched squeal in his mind like a bank-vault alarm being set off.
John would not be having this dilemma if Sherlock had been female. They were best friends and great flatmates. Each could deal with the idiosyncrasies of the other without killing each other. Sherlock got him and he thought that most of the time he understood Sherlock. What more could he ask for in someone he dated?
The vampire would read these out loud sometimes, to himself and once or twice in a cafe. One night he had earned great applause when he had interrupted a poetry reading at an evening bistro Louis had made the mistake of frequenting. Lestat had always had a desire to be seen and had drawn an especially captive audience in his provocative deliverance of the graphic sexual story that he had chosen. Louis had lasted about halfway through the lovemaking scene before he left in hopes that the other would pursue but instead, the troublemaking blond had reappeared later with excitement about his next performance.
She shrugged, her smile growing wider.  "It will do though." she said, as she took another sip from her tea.
Lestat licked his lips again and after a moment looked at David with a nervous chuckle, his body relaxing as he shrugged. “Sorry, David, didn’t realize you were attached to this one. Last thing she needed to be doing was babbling about was men claiming kidnapping, right?”
John was utterly dumbfounded, casting a incredulous look at both Sherlock and Lestat as he clenched his hands tightly at his sides, resisting the urge to shake the hell out of the man. “You’re going to
“It has happened a time or two but the details are unimportant. Let us just say that I was forced to retreat with the good detective while this individual made it abundantly clear that not only was he capable of intervening again but that I must keep his ‘little toy’ in pristine condition.” He did his best impersonation of the tone the man had used when describing Sherlock as his ‘little-toy’, pausing for a moment before he fluttered long lashes with a roll of his eye and finished, “Essentially, I have been forbid to bestow the dark gift to Sherlock or kill him…otherwise… well, I’m going to get a spanking.”
Sherlock whirled back to the door to see nothing more than a shock of black hair and the back of a blue jean jacket, as the woman dashed around the vampire and out into the dark street.  It was clear evasion.  The detective did not hesitate to pursue, John quickly picking up on his cue, but even with the vampire's speed and agility they were unable to locate the girl after they had gotten outside of the cafe.  It was as though she had simply disappeared.
The shirt Sherlock had been fumbling with was now discarded on the floor, forgotten now that it was no longer a hindrance. John stood, bare-chested before him. He drew unnecessary breaths into his lungs, steady but shallow; anticipating what would come next. The lean body shifted under the detective’s gaze. Strong abdominals flexed beneath a soft layer of perfect pale flesh on the man’s remarkably hairless stomach. The doctor was nearly as white as eggshells since being transformed. The genius found amusement in the fact that the older man was now the paler of the two men. With Sherlock’s long fingers splayed across John’s belly, cataloging the pigment variances, he could acutely feel the nagging inner turmoil the other man was battling.
The doctor’s office was quiet.  There was only the hum of the non-stop traffic of London droning outside the window, the sound of the heater, and the tapping of his pencil that he was pensively flicking on the desk top beside his phone and laptop.  Sherlock it would seem was a persistent thought that was better dealt with than left to brood, festering at the back of his brain like an infection eating away at his sanity.  Why was it that he could still smell the pool, the tang of his own sweat on his skin, the barely there waft of cigarette smoke that clung to those dark curls and that black suit jacket?  Why was it that he could still feel the reef of the other’s hands tearing the jacket and bomb-vest from his body, the sound of his rasping breath—escalated all of a sudden…why?
With each fractured memory that came to his mind’s eye it felt as if they too were being consumed by the creature that held him captive. Never had the detective experienced what this man was doing to him.  No drug nor intoxicant had ever given him such euphoria as that which rolled through his senses now. The nagging alarm was a quiet annoyance in the back corner of his perception.  He was with John now.  The memory was as real as living flesh in that moment.
"Hm, it should come as no surprise that I had a suspicion there would be trouble that required my assistance. You know, Louis, that I already agreed to help in any way that I can.  Is there something specifically that you need from me or is this merely a courtesy call?" Armand's tone was compassionate and it set Louis' mind a little more at ease.
“I’m lost,” John whispered the words calmly, waiting for the other man to fix the problem.
The accent was definitely North American, but he wasn’t quite sure if it was American anymore.  He was cold and he knew that of the clothes he had recovered from the wash line, he was still missing a shirt, so he dumped the pants and trousers on a counter by the door and did as the woman had requested.  She did not watch him, she did not look at him again until he was seated on the other side of the fire, enjoying the heat it emanated.  He extended his long legs and she watched him wiggle his toes in the basking warmth.
With his patients done and dealt with, he left his office to find that Mary had also left to meet her Janine and their mutual friend chocolate cake, so he pulled on his dark jacket and headed out to catch a cab.  It was dark already, drizzling cloud cover blotting out the last of the sun as it set, and the air was crisp with a sharp chill, as the misting rain wet his skin and hair.  The streets were busy and he was damp before he could hail a cabbie.
"You buggar!" John snapped, as he came upon the detective sitting at the table in the kitchen. It was obviously a new designated work space.
The inspector straightened and huffed a heavy sigh, admitting churlishly, “I did for a bit, yeah.  Not hard to think that Mary and John got sick of you acting like a cock all the time.”  Sherlock made to interject and for the sake of averting another useless argument, he snapped, “That was until Mrs. Hudson told me she got a note from John today.”
David snorted, “When you finish answering my questions then perhaps I may answer yours.”
"It's just a dream, Sherlock." John repeated stubbornly, emphasizing, "This can't be a true sense of anything.  It's in our minds, we could imagine anything."
John couldn't help but recall the feeling of guilt that came over him when Louis had bit him and shown him everything that had happened. He had experienced it as if he had been the other man, he felt all of it and despite his natural resistance to however impossible everything seemed there was a part of him that knew without a shadow of a doubt that Louis was somewhat desperate to ensure that no harm came to himself or Sherlock. That certainty brought him a lot of calm, especially now while he glanced out toward the long stretch of glass walls and saw the darkening sky.
Mycroft returned the eye roll with gusto and grunted, “Spare me the drama and get inside the car.”
Even in that angry tone, his name on the other man’s perfect lips was enough to send a shock of arousal through his being and he had to swallow hard past the lump that seemed to have formed in his throat. He wasn’t entirely sure what he wanted, but he was sure about what he didn’t want. He didn’t want the other man to keep trying to walk away from him. He didn’t want things to stay unsaid between them and he didn’t want things to go back to how they had been before.
The close contact was both desirable and uncomfortable for the younger vampire.  Louis was cautious with his maker, seeing the man had proved his veracious appetite for his company in the past and the dark haired vampire wished not to entice the other for more demonstration of this fact.  Louis hoped to give the other enough attention to garner from his interactions what exactly his plans were here in the city.  Lestat's boredom was the only thing that Louis had come to fear more than the man's tendency to devour his time, company, and belongings.  The blond would go to great means to interfere with Louis' desires and arrangements if only to appease his own lust for entertainment and company.  His own intentions in London regarding the detective from Baker Street was not something that Louis wished his maker to meddle with and he found it unusual to even consider that the world's first consulting detective would not intrigue the other.
. “You, yourself, are proof enough that such is a possibility.”
He felt Sherlock shift away slightly, the hand that had been tracing along his hip disappearing as well. He heard a ripping sound and a moment later he could feel something warm, wet and hard settling against his entrance. Instinctively he tensed, his body going rigid at the feel of the other man’s cock so close to penetrating him. His breath was coming out in harsh gasps and he couldn’t stop his shaking.
His maker rolled his eyes again, such an ignorant response to the proposed question.  “Look, you were never the original intention anyways.” Lestat said, very simply.  He turned slightly away from John and raised his hands complacently, shrugging.  “But it became very quickly apparent to me that you and Sherlock area packaged deal.  Even Mycroft and David understand that, it’s surprising that you’re the only that still doesn’t.”
How was it possible?  No medical physician was gifted with the ability to stitch with such precision, as to heal the skin without a single wrinkle of scar tissue.  So it was the vampire then, no doubt.  But still he wondered how.
David knew Lestat did not need another invitation and John seemed to begrudgingly accept this.  Lestat made one last smirk at the doctor, as he came around to the front of the taller mortal, taking the long neck in his hand.  Mycroft was tense behind the desk, ever the stoic gentleman, the ice man, but David could hear the quickened pace of his heart in his chest, thrumming with the rush of adrenaline that lit his mind, body, and senses.  He too would keep quiet and let this transaction pass.
“Are you jealous?” came the snob response.
He slipped it into his back pocket and then made himself a coffee with the French press, which he enjoyed out on the patio.  The sun was already low in the sky but for once there was a break in the dreadful grey that had entombed London for the last couple of weeks and he basked in the light, even though the air was still crisp.  The city below was just as oblivious to his presence as it had been the days prior, and yet he felt calmer there than he ever had before.  Perhaps it was knowing what he knew now.  Knowing that Mary was gone, that she wasn’t out there somewhere, scared, worried, or in danger.  Knowing that he would see Sherlock again, soon, and knowing that he would be free of at least this luxurious hell.  Maybe he wouldn’t be free-free, but wherever it was it would be new and that was enough for now.
David’s eyes glanced across the seat to his mortal companion, as the car pulled away into the darkness of the rainy London streets.  They were filled with trepidation—Mycroft could still read his old friend—it would not be what they wanted.
Sherlock had been walking confidently forward down the street, not looking back at John. His companion followed him as obedianty as he ever had, trusting whatever plan the detective may have, that was until Sherlock came to a complete stop.  John stopped to and the genius whirled back around to face him, staring at him with an intense look of concentration creasing his brow and the corners of his eyes.
John gasped as a tongue flicked out to caress just below his balls. Just as sudden as that, all contact stopped. Opening his eyes John watched as Sherlock crawled up his body, not quite touching at any point until they were face to face. Unable to help himself he arched forward trying to bring their bodies together, but the genius shifted up and placed one hand on the centre of his chest, firmly holding him down.
Once he closed the door, he could take it no longer.  Sherlock pounced on John.  To his own surprise he found himself enveloping the other man with his arms and that John had already turned to face him, either by his gift of speed or because he had expected it.  Although Sherlock tried to squeeze the man hard, John felt like rock beneath his grip—like a cold lifeless corpse set deep with rigor—his chest did not even lift and fall with a breath.  It was disquieting, unnerving, and Sherlock hated the thoughts rushing through his brain as his mind analyzed the body in his arms, the man within his embrace—no longer human—but…other.  So perturbed by the instantaneous calculations flashing behind his closed eye lids, the detective tried to shut the analysis down, shut it odd, shut it out.  It was a wasted effort.  He could no more shut it off than he could stop holding John, just then and there.
As the sun rose, peaking in and out of the hazy sky, a swath of its warm glow made its way through the heavy dark green drapes that framed the east window of the Baker Street flat.  This swath gradually moved across the tidy bed inside the uppermost bedroom, crawling towards the plain wooden headboard of the midcentury frame.  Along its path, it traversed the still body within the blankets, over the rhythmic movements of the man’s slumber, until it reached the turn of a slightly stubbled jaw. The day-old bristles, which were so light in colour they were almost invisible in normal lighting, glowed as the warm, bright sunlight hit them.
“Oh yes! That as well but I mean it’s all over the news, this latest one.”  Mrs.Hudson took her seat and slid the folded newspaper towards her guest, continuing on as she refilled first his then her own cup. “Just gruesome business, I can’t imagine what sort of monster could do such a thing.”
“For what?” Sherlock murmured. The words muffled against the vampire’s cheek.
"And for what exactly?" The blonde’s curiosity was growing, Sherlock wasn't usually so cryptic with his speech unless he was testing John. "Other than the fun I'm going to have tomorrow watching you hung over."
There was nothing else said.  Louis took John and in a blur of movement the two of them were gone.
He felt Sherlock’s thrusts become more erratic, pushing harder and deeper with every thrust, he bit down harshly on John's neck and did something with the hand wrapped around his cock and suddenly everything inside John exploded. “Sherlock!” He cried out sharply, his spine arching as he drowned in the crashing waves. His vision went black and he went boneless, struggling to take in air.
Sherlock had been very sure of how the evening would progress; otherwise, he wouldn’t have initiated anything. Maybe John was just reading too far into things. Maybe Sherlock had only wanted a one-night stand. His eyes though, they had been eerily bright, so intense with emotions that John hadn’t been able to read. He closed his eyes with a groan as he remembered the feel of Sherlock’s skin under his hands. It hadn’t been a one-night stand. Not with how he’d forced John to acknowledge that it had been Sherlock naked in bed with him and not just some nameless, faceless stranger.
Sherlock pulled the offended appendage close to his chest, rubbing the reddened circles on his forearm, as he pushed himself up and off of the couch.  He brushed roughly past the doctor, growling as he tromped away, “I made an executive decision due to your unavailability.”
Somewhere behind the pain at the back of his mind he wondered what time it was.  The ache in his skull prevented any notion of checking a clock.  He just opted for lying there, massaging his temples in slow rhythmic circles with the tips of fingers.  With moving completely out of the question his thoughts moved past the pain, onto the strange dream that he woke from and the resulting erection that lingered.  He could feel the heat and throb of his lust and longing still hard in his pants and his thoughts repeated the dream in his mind, remembering the sensation of Sherlock’s mouth over his own, claiming and loving in the same kisses.
When Sherlock started suddenly on the particulars of Mary’s missing corpse, John had to stop him. The luster of the case gone and the reality again struck him that this wasn’t just another case. This was the murder of his love, of his Mary, of the woman he had planned to make his wife. Despite having not known about her, still secret, past.
The bright and unnaturally reflective eyes seemed to penetrate Sherlock, as John stopped in front of him. Without skipping a beat the shackled hand rose with a clang of the handcuffs sliding along the pipe, the maximum reach achieved.
The urge to clock the man was almost too strong to resist.  John still obeyed and through grit teeth he demanded to know, "What was it in the alley?"
He was in the ally, perched and running his gloved fingers along the cracked and dirty concrete.
Two bodies stepped into the alley.  Hungry eyes landed on him.  John need not look up at them to realize they were the two from earlier.  Had they been waiting outside the alley?  With his mind finally closed to the noise, he must had missed them.  Their intent now was blatant.  Not good.
"You have little choice, John." Sherlock reminded him, curtly, "It is not something that can be reverted or undone.  You are what you are now and you are still alive because of it.  You have to at some point accept what you have become.  Trying to keep this from me is a complete waste of our time and it is only interfering with your desire to find Mary's murderer."
"I know. There is an odd magic about it." The older vampire replied.
John turned away with a roll of his eyes and continued to gather the remaining napkins as he heard the deep breath from his companion, before he rephrased his argument, "It certainly has nothing to do with us making a baby, John."
He normally slept in a cotton tee and pants, but he had forgone any such preparation upon his return last night. It had been dreadfully late, and the dogged chase around the dark and sweaty crevices of the criminal underworld within the old city had left him without a care for the state of his person. His clothes had been damp and had smelled of all sorts of unsavoury back alley aromas, so he had undressed and left the clothes in an unkempt heap in the corner, sliding between the sheets as he was.
“Why have you come back, John?” the detective asked, in that low deep rumble that he sometimes used to arouse the truth from wary individuals.  There were things that needed to be said, things that needed to be bypassed.  With his straight face, his game face, Sherlock continued, “I am not so blind as to think that it was purely out of concern for my well being.”  Of course, it wasn’t.  Again he would take what he could get.  “Then it must be for Mary.  You do know that she is dead, do you not?”
“Bollucks,” He swore, before dropping back down into the alley.  One of the two men was about his size.  He pulled the black cotton wife beater off the boy and then slumped him back against the debris, topless.  Rummaging through the pockets on their jeans he found a lighter and he torched his own shirt, leaving it to smolder in a metal coffee can amongst the other garbage.  He slipped off his own leather jacket and pulled the wife beater on.  To his surprise, it fit nicely over his torso.  He then pulled his jacket back on and when his old shirt had burnt away he dashed back up the walls to the rooftop.  He would take this way back to Baker Street.
If the consulting-detective was perfectly honest with himself, he would admit that he himself was not perfectly crystal clear on all the idiosyncrasies of this new chapter to their relationship, let alone where John stood.  John was generally an open book, a man that he could read in an instant, and if there interactions tonight were a testament to anything it was to the fact that this had changed between them.  Sherlock couldn’t be sure of the exact reason for this either.  All he knew was that when he had been ripping back the timbre and debris from that bonfire, smoke choking his lungs and fire scorching his hands and face, all he could think about was the man within it—a panic and a shock consuming him when he considered the removal of John from this world and from his life.
They had spent the last two hours poring over the reports.  Sherlock had insisted that she garner him access to the bodies at least once every twenty minutes and had been shot down profusely by the small woman each time.  He had tried to charm her, as best he could at the moment, but she was beyond falling for his acting tricks now and he lacked the lustre with John missing to try harder.  Yet the reports had proved fruitful.  It was enough to connect all the cases to one perpetrator and after his blustered meeting with the American tenant having tea with Mrs. Hudson, the detective couldn’t help but align the two for comparison.  It was simple to ascertain that perhaps the dark haired man’s warning of the blond Lestat was connected to the string of murders being deposited for him to find.
The expression melted in slow motion off of the face of the pale killer who stood across the small space from him. With the transition came the sinking chasm of fear that was opening up in the detective’s gut, threatening to swallow him up without any logical thoughts as to his own suddenly very real, mortal danger. A wet pink tongue exposed itself and moistened the pale lips of the man as they curled up into a grin and the ice-blue eyes darkened with a hunger Sherlock had observed as being something akin to lust in others.
This finally quieted Lestat’s cackling.  The blond walked over to where the detective still sat on the floor, wiping away the blood tears that stained his cheeks.  He reached down a hand and grabbed the detective by the scruff of his coat and shirt, hauling him with ease to his feet, like a parent might do with a small child.  Then suddenly without warning there was a thunderous crack that shook the building and the blond stumbled back a few steps.
“Hardly…necessary.” He managed to grumble out through the mess, as he glared at the vampire already back its master’s side.
Moriarty shook his head before coming around the alter towards the pews.  He sauntered up to the detective, his steps leisurely weaving in front of one another, that smarmy pleasant smile still plastered on his face. As he neared, the demon’s smacked the detective’s hands away from protecting the broken nose. He ruthlessly snatched a mittful of his dark hair. He pulled up with just enough force to keep Sherlock sitting as straight and still as was possible. Any movement would cause the hair to pull too tight. The other man leaned in close and Sherlock was able to study the reanimated creature for the first time.  Although the man had him in a tenuous predicament, the genius could not help but gather data.
The detective let his eyes roll back dramatically, scoffing loudly, as he corrected the detective, “’Good afternoon then’.  It is in fact an hour and twelve minutes after noon, inspector.”
Sherlock sighed, finally pausing in his rummaging to look over at John, two neckties clasped loosely in one hand. “It is the only reasonable way to get in without too much notice.” He bent back into the wardrobe before drawing out a tailed tuxedo this time. “I don’t see what the issue is.”
Louis ministrations paused, as he considered for a moment. He could feel the tensing of the others body against his own, coiling like a spring in anticipation. A shiver run up his spin at the thoughts of surrendering to the other man and before he could get the words out only a low hum had escaped him which was all that was needed. Armand was on top of him, straddling his midsection while his hands gripped the back of Louis head and held him in a passionate kiss full of lust and desire. When the kiss broke Louis was dazed by the unnatural speed that Armand moved, his pants had been removed and Armand was suddenly taking Louis’ erection into his mouth. He worked the shaft with a skillful tongue while hands roamed freely and easily over the others body, down his thighs and reached under to raise Louis’ hips to meet his mouth. Swallowing effortlessly he kneaded Louis ass, fucking his own mouth with the others cock and earning gasping moans from the bruised lips of his lover.
“Remember what we planned, John.” Sherlock said. There was no need to whisper or to push this thought silently to John through their mind connection. Ludvik was telepathic. It probably didn’t matter how he communicated this sentiment, the man would be listening in.
With every draw of the rich red substance he thrust harder, the detective's body embracing and meeting him every time. The detective’s nails raked over his marble-like skin, scoring red-hot trails along John's back, as the younger man cried out in pleasure.
“Have ‘em ring me when he gets in then, please.” the inspector instructed.
“No, Louis.” He managed to say, barely above a whisper, as if in the fury of their love-making he had forgotten quite how to speak. This statement deepened the pout as Armand rose and was suddenly standing over the other again. Quickly the look changed to understanding as Armand knelt down to straddle Louis’ midsection once more. The press of the hard cock against his bare backside caused a groan to rise unconsciously from his throat in anticipation, as he began to rock against the other man and resumed the kisses that had started all of their naughty interlude.
Growing more impatient he finally just spat at the small woman, as he rose to tower over her, “John Watson is not dead and you keeping me here is hindering me from finding him, from helping him!  If you feel so strongly that he was a good man, then help me get off this island.”
“You always have a choice.” David’s voice was a cool balm in the heated room and despite the calm that John could feel off the other vampire he was enjoying wallowing in his aggravation.
The genius always looked so small and defenceless like this, so guileless and innocent when curled in that way. John, however, knew that the other man was none of these things and while the picture he made while asleep had always conjured such fantastical ideas, they were far from the truth. But he was weaker than John, especially now, and this man was someone that John had to protect at all costs. He couldn’t lose Sherlock again, not to anything.
Sherlock’s tongue licked his lips absently. “My guess would be that Moriarty, the consulting criminal was contacted by a demonic force. Demons seek destruction and chaos, they feed off of it, and as Moriarty was capable he was an easy means to something’s next few meals. It may have started out with possession or perhaps an exchange, power for chaos, but Moriarty is too smart to be controlled. I think he usurped the demon, put the game into motion, killed himself, so he could resurrect as the demon we now know. I think what started out as a means to end an eternal loathing of boredom, has turned into a supernatural game of power and control, fueled by the unnatural cravings of the demonic force he took over.”
to figure it out.  You just need to leave it be."
Once the initial observation was concluded, Sherlock set about working on a few of the experiments that he believed John would accept. The proximity with objects was retested with the same results, though as requested he didn’t throw anything this time, nor did he use what was left of the broom. A variety of noise stimuli was administered with no waking. The glass of water was tossed on the sleeping vampire and Sherlock curiously noted the small jerk of movement just before the pool struck John in the chest. No other movement followed. Next came attempts to vary the speed of objects extending towards the sleeping body with the goal to pierce or score the flesh. Fast had the quickest reaction of defense but slower objects did not fare much better. The closest the consulting detective was able to get to the man was only a few inches more than his initial observations the previous evening.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
John smirked at him and commented, "You dared get that close?
The blond stopped them both, suddenly, in their casual journey down the London side-walk and raising a doe-skinned black-leather hand he gently grazed his fingers along the chiseled slope of Louis cheek, brushing a sweep of the ebony strands that had escaped the conservative tie of his lover hair. He felt the clench of the jaw beneath his gloved fingers and saw the uncertainty that clouded over those dark eyes, but he also knew that Louis would and had to eventually forgive their last bad 'break-up'. There was nothing he could do about what had been done, as always, hindsight was 20/20. Louis was here, had agreed to this simple whim of his and that, in itself, showed he was working his way back into the others good graces.
He made a flippant gesture in her direction, “Yes, that much was obvious.  Do you know that Lestat is a vampire or not?”
Even though the detective cared little for the imaginary friend the religion bowed to, the mockery of it was still acutely irritating.  Moriarty had told him on that roof top, that he was on the side of the angels, when really what he meant was that the detective was not dabbling with demonic forces and therefore could not understandably compare.
Levering himself up, John gripped the edge of the bar while he waited for the tilting floor to right itself. With one last longing glance at the still full glass, he turned and began to shuffle his way through the throng of happy, drunk patrons. The rambunctious laughter and cheers as he stumbled from one cluster to the next soured John’s mood further. What was so bloody fantastic that they had to come out here and ruin his little pity party, he thought grumpily. By the time he apologized his way to the front entrance he wanted to shoot something; or someone.
Even his beloved Louis had succumbed to this attempt but his motivations were far more self-deprecating. He had saved his beloved fledgling and now made special pains to keep an attentive mind for what the other was doing with the endless time they had. Thus he followed Louis to London and with his gracious desire to care for the other man he usually did manage to find some sort of entertainment for himself. Even if he had to stir some of it up on his own, just a gentle push along for the sake of not letting things get too boring.
“I’m glad that you have come, John.” The anglo-indian said.  The accent was public school.  His eyes had a strange darkness to the outer ring of the iris, with a warm caramel-colored center punctured by the black pupillary muscle that twitched, as his gaze focused on John’s.
The detective’s dark head rested on the back of the low cushion of the large chair, the previous tension melted from his slack features, his eyes peacefully closed. His hands were folded neatly over his chest, which rose and fell with the steady inhales and exhales of his breathing. He breathed in through his nose, and upon exhalation, the breath was pushed through his full lips, making an odd rumble that was faint and most certainly could not be categorized as a snore. The sod had fallen asleep!
He left her there, turning back to the key in his hand and the door at the end of the corridor. The weight of it was solid in his fingers, as he slid the head into the hole. It took effort to turn it and push the lock open. It made a clanking click that seemed unbelievably loud in the silence and stillness of the cramped hallway. The detective could feel his pulse, hammering in his chest, escalating with every second that ticked past. He was not sure what lay beyond this door. It could be anything. All he hoped it would be, was John.
Mary gave a snorted guffaw of laughter, her eyes narrowing with a coy mirth, as she gave him a playful shove. “Pardon me?” she laughed, jovially, “First you call out for another man and now you ask me to go away?”
The detective shrugged.  “Filling your bath tub, for all I know.”
The detective wanted to say ‘yes’.  He wanted to affirm this, without a doubt, but there was something—nagging—at the back of his mind that made him swallow the words.  Instead he heard himself answer emphatically, “No.”  Was it him, had he done it, or was it just instinct, some kind of mental autopilot that had taken control of his mind and body?
But alas, it was not meant to be.
Lestat’s smile became a pout, bottom lip sticking out slightly, as his shoulders slumped. "Are you sure?” he asked, dejectedly.  Then quickly he scrunched his nose and smiled wickedly, as he suggested, “I think we should ask Sherlock."
"Mary and I defected together." She shrugged and began to illustrate a past that Sherlock had only just started to imagine the woman John had loved, had lived at one time.  "We were partners, you could say.  The Talmasca would suggest that our talents complimented one another.  We kept one another safe.  Watching those who do not wish to be watched comes with that sort of need.  It was only natural that when she left that I went with her—I had to keep her safe and we could only do that for one another together."
The detective’s hands dug into his hips and he looked up the line of the older man’s body. “Say my name, John.” Head bowing, he began nuzzling at John’s balls, slowly rolling one into his mouth, his talented tongue circling gentle caresses. One, then the other, he lapped at them, teeth grazing gently. All the while those hands moved, one shifting around to cup his arse, the other sliding along the inside of his thigh.
“Where are the drugs, Sherlock?” Lestrade demanded, standing up out of his crouch and pushing his hands into his pockets.  When the question went unanswered, he added, “What have you been taking?”
“No.” she said emphatically.  “No one but those bloody reporters.”
The kitchen was just as useless.  Every surface was covered in the refuse of the experiments that no longer mattered.  His eyes moved past all the goop, fuzzy molds, broken beakers and test tubes, tea cups and plates, to the table.  It too was covered in half-finished things, now discarded, but all he could see was his doctor.  Sherlock reached his hand down, the pads of his fingers slowly running along the length of the tables edge as he remembered the way John had stood in front of him, so willingly inserting his hand into the neck of the dead swine to correct his own erroneous theory about the drug mule’s murder.  The detective’s mind dwelled on the feeling of heat that had emanated from the doctor’s shoulders against his own chest, as they had stood in close proximity, fingers intertwined together in the muscle and congealed blood of the hog, of the musky scent of his person, and the comforting feeling that accompanied the familiar smell of the woolen jumpers the other man so preferred.  All these things that Sherlock had worked very hard to ignore that night, now seemed to be what he remembered the most.
He had answered the majority of their questions in the decidedly abrupt manner of his and Mrs. Hudson had simply toddled forward, leaning down towards her tenant. The disgruntled man allowed her to leave a mothering kiss on his cheek, even made a pathetic attempt at a smile, before she left.  Then those pale orbs had landed on Lestrade and their little argument had ensued.
Two hours later the consulting detective work up, sore, hand burnt where it had grabbed the electrified handle. He was groggy for a few minutes, then impressed, and then disappointed in himself for getting cocky. He went about figuring out and dismantling a few more booby-traps that secured the safe room for the vampire and by the time Sherlock was able to confidently take his first step into the lower flat he had less than an hour and a half left until sunset. The entire lower section of the home seemed to be a massive open concept den and bedroom. There was a low warm light that lit the entire level and travelled up behind bookshelves and from recessed lights. The bed itself was massive and against the farthest wall where the body of John lay prone and motionless in its center.
They fell into situations like this a few times before the incident they had been working on had been dealt with, to a level in which all parties were satisfied. Each of them had other ventures and neither were unrealistic about what their interactions ultimately were at that time. They had encountered one another only twice more, prior to David's introduction to Louis and Lestat, once intimately and the other at a high-level function where unfortunately there was no distractions from his prior commitments.
As much as he wanted to sleep he would not allow himself to succumb. Instead he turned to the quiet detective, who he knew was deep in thought, no doubt somewhere between the doors of the mind palace and reality. Just deep enough that he could still drive and respond to stimuli.
The look on John’s face shifted, critical and confused, or perhaps just apprehensive.  Sherlock took advantage of the momentary quiet to quickly proceed with more specific inquiries, "The increased agility and strength are obvious, but how about your perceptions? Your senses? Hearing? Smell? Touch?"
Irritated and fuming the detective pushed the microscope away roughly, simultaneously kicking the chair back from the table.  Both let out an awful screech as they gave way to his force.  He grabbed the tea that she had delivered and folded his arms over his chest as he sipped from it.  It tasted inferior to John’s and so he stood and poured it down the drain.  His eyes watched the brown liquid trickle down from shoulder height to noisily splatter into the sink below, before he haplessly let the cup drop into the metal basin.
He stumbled as he approached his flat, foot catching on the slightly curled rug that spanned the length of the hallway and thumped into his door with a soft oath. Frowning to himself he leaned against it and pulled out his keys once more. He slid the key in and turned the lock. After hearing the distinctive click he withdrew the key and tucked them back into his coat.
“David, don’t think I won’t just go off in search of him. If he is with John, I suspect one of Armand’s many safe houses are employed in keeping them ‘hidden’.” The word was drawled with an emphasis that clearly meant to say, there was no hiding from Lestat should he set his mind to finding them.
Louis moved unconsciously towards the affection of the other man in his arms.  It was easy to follow this rhythm, the slow waltz of their mutual seduction. It wasn’t the forced, desperate, and starved feast or famine that his maker was so common to. Louis wanted Armand, a part of him always had and always would. He would find himself on occasion running a tongue over a sharp incisor at the thought of him. The tickle of light pain mixed with the taste of his own blood would only serve to give rise to more passionate memories of times they had shared.
There was a loud clap and then the box shot back towards the pitcher at rocket speed. The man barely ducked in time, as it smashed into the wall, breaking the drywall and splintering into three or four pieces.  It was hard to say if he had physically seen what had happened or not.  His eyes had observed no movement from the bed, but the evidence was clear enough.  The bed covers were moved, slightly pushed down, the top arm now exposed, and then there was the simple fact that the box had clearly been volleyed back, hit in mid air as it traveled towards its target.  The box was in several pieces from both impacts and yet John himself did not seem disturbed.  He was still as a corpse, his eyes closed and his mouth reposed.
The mouth kissed the outer shell of his damaged ear, whispering, “Take my offer.  You can save him.”
"Learning to not kill indiscriminately out of hunger." John snapped, giving his friend a bit of a glare.  "We didn't focus much on the history of vampirism.  I learned how to coincide, to blend in, to not be noticed.  It's a lot more difficult than you think."
David eyed his maker, all at once the vampire Lestat looked his age. Not the mortal body, trapped always as a man no more than 21 years old but as the creature who had lived for over two centuries. The sight struck the younger vampire and he softened his interrogation of his maker. Lestat, for all his immortal years was still very much a young man who often found himself in situations so outside the scope of what could be imagined, it wasn’t always easy to remember to have a sliver of sympathy for him. Especially considering how often Lestat was the one to ignite his own powder keg of circumstances.
John was still for a moment, eyes distant and glassy.  Finally, he just shook his head.  The man never gave up.  "As you have already discovered, it is a physical impossibility for us to share a bed anymore, so no." Then he scoffed and added, "Not that that would stop you."
With a sigh, John looked away again and ran a hand through his damp hair. Sherlock wasn’t helping him with this at all. No expression, no movement, nothing to show what he was thinking or feeling. ‘Emotions do not know gender.’ The words flitted through his head again. That was true, what he was feeling for the other man wasn’t based on what anatomy he had, but who he was. Sherlock Holmes was his flatmate, his friend and perhaps even his lover.
John’s other hand, which had only been teasing the other nipple now pinched with more force than he had ever dared with anyone before. When the detective elicited a similar vocal response, he found that he was not truly surprised. He was, however, satisfied that he had managed to figure out at least a bit of what he liked and that John was able to give that to him.
“You’re certainly hard to forget.” Sherlock said in a smooth velvety bedroom tone.
“Do you think that Louis coming to Baker Street was orchestrated?” John wondered.
“Mm.” Sherlock replied, wondering how many times
The brunet focused on the case while the pink and amber hues began to fill the room and birds sang their waking little melodies. He even made a fresh pot of coffee and took an occasional cigarette break out on the stoop to tweak his mental alertness.  Two full hours after the sun had officially risen the detective was bored.  He left the work and set to the task of hacking the code on the pinpad that secured the safe room that withheld the vampire in his deathly slumber.
“L—Lestat?” Louis had his hands up in a defensive gesture, he was standing stark still and the look on his face was genuinely fearful as smell of smoke registered to the blond.
The dark head shook in concerned reprimand.  “Again, I don’t have all the answers.  If you truly seek vengeance, I would highly recommend that you drop such a petty pursuit and let the dead have their peace.  Mary cannot benefit from whatever justice you seek.”
It was a kind offer, but seemed like a waste of the Yard’s man power.  “I don’t think that it’s a threat.” John returned, “They want her to think that we are relocated, so they want her to think that us being away is normal.  It’s a cover for something else.”
Recognizing the manipulation, Sherlock scornfully chided, "That is a low blow even for you, Lestat.”  Then lamely, out of pure hatred and frustration, he childishly added, “Also... you’re being a cock."
There was that whisper again. Less urgent now than it had been before.
Sherlock thought of John. He thought of the power that the man himself now loathed. He thought of how he wished Lestat had not been interrupted that night – his mobile rang. The detective scrambled out of the bathroom. Wet hands fumbled to answer the call. A familiar female voice was on the other line. Sans the greeting, she simply asked, “How close are you?”
!" Johns eyes were bright and reflective. Unnatural and mesmerizing. They were also casting an incredibly saturnine look at Sherlock, which did bemuse him.
Sherlock felt the prickle of Moriarty’s control crackle along the base of his skull down through his nervous system to his right hand. Although he put forth every effort to stop it, his fingers slowly closed into a ball. He could feel his bicep burning, the tendons in his arm flexing to recoil his arm. His arm punched forward, his fist pounding through the weakened vampirical flesh of John’s chest. The hand had slid cleanly through into the gaping wound, as the vampire silently screamed in agony.
“What?  Sherlock?  Play along now…” the sound pierced his veil.  Moriarty was calling to him from somewhere outside where he hid.  “Simon says...
The very fact that vampirism was still just a common myth to the general masses was intriguing.  It spoke to the fact that there was perhaps very few of their kind in comparison to mortal numbers.  How else could an entire species remain so elusive when they in fact fed on the common?  How had they kept their kind so secret and for how long had vampires existed?  It was obvious that they were not a secluded species.  John had become what he knew as a vampire, so it stood to reason that the same was true of all others.  This was some kind of human evolution or human transformation.
“The ‘it’ was of no consequence,” Sherlock dismissed the slip, with a flippant wave of his hand.  “Whomever it is, is very clever, or sees themselves as being so, yet tonight I think was a bit of a slip-up, a break in his effectively planned plot.”
Sherlock leveled the caustic vampire with a acidic sneer of his own.  “I hadn’t planned on it.” He stated coolly, as he briskly paced to the other side of the bed to draw the drapes closed.  “I do not suspect it would end well for me if I tried.”
This tree bore less fruit than the first had and eventually the two men returned to Armand’s safe-house. John pensively watched Sherlock mull over all the clues they had collected, trying to see where they may have missed a lead or connection. He finally went out on his own for an hour, early in the morning, prior to dawn. Sherlock knew by the complexion and shameful look on John’s face at his observation, that John had gone out to feed.  That was twice in one evening, unusual up until this point.  Sherlock was contemplating why this might be—stress was the most likely factor, although his gut rooted strongly for lust—when the vampire brusquely repeated his rules and disappeared through the heavily secured door that lead to the chambers below the house.
Trying to focus only seemed to make the doctor more abstracted.  It was like his mind was being pulled in two different directions, both of which the man himself was not content to allow.  Now, he was just exhausted.  He could feel it.  His shoulders were heavy, the wound on his left aching.  His temples throbbed, his jaw hurt, and his legs screamed for movement, action, something!  His eyes drifted from the hands that seemed to defy time to the cup of coffee on his desk, with the little note from Mary.  He didn’t need coffee.  His mind was tired of running around in circles.
John wanted him, that much was true, but did he want to jeopardize the friendship they had built over the last few years? He was questioning himself and his preferences in gender now too. He’d always felt an odd sort of attraction for the genius, something he’d always brushed off as admiration for Sherlock’s brilliance. He felt a type of awe towards the detective would run head first into mysteries and problems, seemingly reckless with everything he did.
"You're here out of a sense of duty, perhaps even a smidgen of redemption for the sake of honor." He continued to assess.  Her eyes never left the tea in the china cup she still stroked nervously, "But it's not to any master or organization that you serve, it's for loyalty to something far greater.  Far more important to you."
had met someone in a café or restaurant and failed to order something.
The scene was no different than he might have expected.  John looked perfectly peaceful. Sherlock had seen the man numerous times within the comfort of his own bed, sometimes in the comfort of his bed, however, here the vampire was quieter and more still than the man had ever been—than any man would be.  He was like a statue, a rock, unmoving and silent.
In his darkest days after the change he had sobbed for all three of them. Mary, Sherlock, and himself. It was only after much convincing that Louis had assured him that the man still lived but in what way, neither knew and so he had left it at that.
This instead was Sherlock deflecting his frustration and disappointment with a simpler distraction. Another experiment to satisfy his constant need for exhausting his endless brain power.
Fighting the sudden feeling of control he felt her blanketing him under, the doctor snapped, “Not now, Mary.  Please…” he complained, “We can talk about it later tonight, okay?  Not now.”
Sherlock had never been one to readily believe anything that was not tangible.  This included religion, mythology, superstition, magic, and many other ridiculous human created fantasies.  He had not believed in the supernatural, in vampires and the like.  Lestat had proven him wrong.  Perhaps this creature was…something other.  If it was than it was not out of the realm of possibility for his claim on Sherlock to be that beyond his physical being.  Perhaps his soul?  Still, he did not easily allow this thought to linger as plausible.  It all seemed so improbable.
“Ah,” the genius’ nose straightened along with his spine, as he affirmed with confidence, “Then it was last Tuesday.”
Louis didn't turn back to give his reply, he simply made his way around the suite and cast an appraising look at the state of things. "Actually, for once Lestat had nothing to do with this one, simply poor timing and odd coincidence. It was Mary's past that caught up to her."
Hard questions would need to be answered and sooner rather than later. Not to mention there were other large scale issues completely unrelated to his own personal dramas that required immediate action. There simply was no time to rest, no time to lavish in the luxury of dallying with former lovers or to do any more than put the few scant and trusted resources he had, on the case and hope it would be enough. Enough to, at the very least, get those he reported too off of his back without scathing enquiries as to how he could possibly be so sloppy as to lose his own home to…?
The detective watched the vampire walk away from him, that same measured pace, so painstakingly attempting to appear more human—to appear less alien.  The vampire came over to the window behind the leather chair and stood beside the desk, his bright eyes glancing over the room and its properties before settling on the droplets of rain that slowly began to spatter the dark glass.
The subsequent smash of the terracotta colliding with distant bricks was a dull ripple in the still night air after his own unnatural echo faded into the buzz of the city. He turned and paused long enough to decide that he did feel a little better as he headed toward the crystal clear pool, sheading clothing behind him as he moved toward the water’s edge before he slipped beneath the warm salted water.
Then he heard his own voice, loud and clear, a ferocious bellow, as the assailant was badgered with a vase.  The crystal broke upon impact, shattering against the intruders raised forearms into a million glittering pieces, and there he was—he could see himself enter the scene, attacking the man.  The murderer was well trained and well equipped, he slashed a few threatening swipes towards John and he saw himself jump back, calculating how to proceed.  It all happened really quick then.  John attacked, the intruder dodged and kicked, catching John in the knee, his bad knee, sending him to the floor.  As he grabbed at the appendage, the man snatched the lamp from the bedside table and swung it like he was hitting a home run at Yankee Stadium.  John watched himself slump to the floor, as the view of the scene was suddenly moving.  The assailant wailed and then there was blood and John didn’t any longer recognize what he was witnessing.
“No, John!”
“Wait, you aren’t a girl?” A voice above him hissed.
Mycroft shook his head slowly and reached out to take the vampire’s cold hand into the warmth of his own.  “No, my love, I do not think it would be our wisest decision.” He said.  “I have a few eyes on them for now.  I think that perhaps you should try to keep contact with Lestat.”
Lestat cared not to hide the body in the usual fashion of the immortal blood drinkers, he wasn’t in the mood.  Instead he grabbed the woman’s lifeless form and tossed it into the nearest bush, leaving her for her wayward lover to find perhaps.  Someone undoubtedly would, at any rate, and so he left her and carried on his route, at the same leisurely pace.
"How awful for you. You're calling so I am assuming you're either back in London or will be soon?" The rich emerald eyes scanned the street and took note of the few homeless beggars competing for the meager riches that they could acquire from the more fortunate that hurried by in the sopping wet mucky streets. It didn't matter where he went in the world, it was the same scene with a different setting played out.
“You will not be harmed, doctor,” the voice answered the threat, as cool and collected as everything else had been delivered to him, “and when you are no longer in danger then I shall release you.”
“An experiment.” Sherlock finished, with a curl at the corner of his mouth.  His lips were speckled with droplets of blood too.  Most of the man was.
The vampire stopped at another crossing and this time he was joined by a grubby elderly woman, who was clearly on the piss, as well as a couple of young fops out on the town.
The trip was swifter than the detective could have anticipated but then again the vampire was racing the dawn.  There had been a private fishing boat waiting for them at the small dock and the two of them were taken to Benbecula, where the two of them then boarded a small private jet.
The taller man spun at the sound of his name, the supple material of his expensive jacket flaring out dramatically and the detective stalked towards him. His eyes were bright and menacing as they zeroed in on him as he scowled darkly. “What do you want, John?” The question was harshly spoken as he narrowed the distance between them.
Sherlock growled low in this throat and he angled his head, exposing even more of his neck. “Harder John,” The order was panted out as heavy-lidded eyes bore into his own. Following the command, John bit down, hard. The detective arched as much as his trapped limbs would allow, a loud moan escaping those lips.
"Coherently isn't the word that I would use to describe it." John said, with a small smile.  "Your thoughts are loud, fast, and they layer up over top of one another until it's just a blaring noise.  I can't concentrate or think myself when you get into something that you're really working on."
He was determined to end this. He would end this man who had caused him to endure this pain, to relive this horror. He would kill this murderer and stop the war he wished to breed between their kinds.
Sherlock screamed, “No, John!”
Just not yet.  He wasn’t ready to watch from afar.  He enjoyed listening to the detective above him, and to his partner—his ex-lover and their beguiling love triangle.  This was far more fun.  It was more interest than he had taken in something for a very long time.
He had come to stop in front of the morbid imposter who still played bishop and the man who had once been James Moriarty. It seemed clear that Moriarty still wanted what he had all along, to beat and break Sherlock. Killing him had been too easy before and the lives of those he cared about had been the leverage that had sent them both to the underworld. The difference was that Sherlock came back a man and Moriarty had come back a demon who had brought a whole world of other monsters with him.
He was weightless again, the ground somewhere below him, his body propelled into the air with such force that he was unsure if he was spinning or vertigo shook his vision.  He was suspended, over the bed for a moment, his vision barely able to catch a solid quick glimpse of Lestat standing now, hands in fists on his hips.  Then he was moving again, there was a loud thwack, and pain blossomed across his chest—
It was callous and the other man’s mouth twitched with the consequential agitation that Sherlock had expected.  Then he sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose, his hand effectively shielding those terribly bright eyes.  “I am aware of that fact, thanks.” He responded curtly.  Then he dropped the hand and leveled the detective with a stubborn determined gaze, that was made all the more effective by the illuminative quality of those eyes.  “But, I owe it to her to find out why.”
Still it seemed so fantastical, so incredibly impossible, so scientifically improbable.  His rational mind fought against his experiences through the fog of shock and tried to repel what he knew was fact and yet could not explain.  John was not a vampire, he was a man, had been taken away from him again, and many other nugatory responses seemed to rise in his mind.  Every fiber of his physical being seemed to want to dissuade him from believing that he had really lost John for a second time.  That he could not save him.  That he had failed.
“I needed… Ah!...to protect you.  It was…it was the only way to ensure you would be safe.” Sherlock replied, as he tried to match the pace his lover had set.  “I needed to know you no harm would come to you—that they believed, could plainly see, that I had died—so I could do away with the remnants of Moriarty’s web.  I had planned it…but I had planned…Ah!  Planned to depart….n-not to leave you.”
Lestat heard it then too.  The verbal acquiescence of the doctor resignedly giving in to the demand of the consulting detective.  Although the blond had thoroughly enjoyed their prior incident, and had indeed completely forgotten about the two men he had been watching earlier in the flat above, he welcomed this distraction for both him and his fledgling to commiserate over, if only to keep Louis from dwelling on the swirl of emotions which Lestat could see writhing within the glowing emerald depths of his eyes.  The blond caught the eye of the other, a smirk and a raised eyebrow enough of an exchange for the other to understand and agree with his suggestion.
David waited as Lestat angrily continued his story, “He had the gull to claim that the man belonged to him prior to my involvement and then, drained as I already was from gifting John with my blood, I was in no state to defend my property. I don’t know how he got there, I was otherwise occupied. The devil was strong but I attributed a good portion of it to my weakened state. He got the upper hand and yet I was allowed to flee with Sherlock and so I did just that. He told me, like I said just a minute ago, that I was allowed to play with his toy but not break him.”
He finished washing and grabbed for paper towel from the dispenser close by, catching the reflection of his own haggard face in the mirror.  He had examined his mouth but he hadn't noticed the weariness that seemed so cumulative now on his features.  He was exhausted and looked every bit of it.  There were darkened circles under his eyes, over extenuating the bags there, and his eyes were bloodshot slightly towards the nasal corners, red streaking through the dull white like a drunk on a night of bingeing.  It made him snort derisively at himself.  He wasn't drunk, even though he wished he were.  It certainly would be a clear cut explanation of what had happened back at the flat.
There was the sound of vibrations, rattling through fabric against the side of the tub.  John's cell phone, a text message.  The domination relaxed and retreated.  Sherlock watched John sit back from his knees onto his haunches, that unclear darkness in his eyes vanishing with a few befuddled blinks of lazy eyelids, as the man's hands fumbled to retrieve the phone from his shirt pocket.  Clicking a button and glancing down at the now illuminated screen a smile drew on the doctor's mouth, warm and pleased, as he chuckled quietly to himself, "Women and their cake."
When he had finished, he left the note on the small side table in the foyer and turned his attentions to the flat above.  He could tell that the flat was silent.  Sherlock was not there and he was incredibly thankful for it.  He went up and was surprised to find the flat in the state that it was.
had obvious designs on the detective that John was quite sure would not bode well for the man.  The last thing John was going to allow was for Moriarty to have his victory—not now!
Sherlock didn’t meet John’s eyes. Instead he staring fixedly, determined and solely focused on Lestat, as he added, “Please, John.”
Coming up empty handed the vampire tuned into the unbidden thoughts coming from the cleaner, who still worked at his task, eyeing him contemptuously now and then through the clear safety goggles over his muddy brown eyes.  The human's thoughts were no help either, full of rambling curses and derisive judgements, completely consumed by the fact that he was always hampered by 'watchers' in his profession.  Louis had not the time to listen long enough that the man might by chance recall what had happened to the individual whose blood provided his employment and the vampire feared that a more direct approach would only garner more suspicion and less answers.
“Because, John,” there was the briefest moment of hesitation in his quiet voice, before he finished, “he is a vampire.”
Louis' smile widened almost to a grin. It was amusing to witness his maker's steely stubbornness and it brought even more pleasure for the fledgling to reply, "First class is far more comfort that you've ever brought me. See you in London."
This reminder made John want to sigh into the perfect crook of the other man’s neck and shoulder. Lifting his chin, John tilted his head to whisper softly in the younger man’s ear. “I’m sorry too, you know,” he admitted, hands curving to run his hands down the lean length of Sherlock’s back.
“And together we will change that.” Lestat chuckled, proffering an open palm at the detective across the isle from himself.  “I have the world famous consulting detective on the case.  We will have a little fun with this adversary that has risen between us and then you too shall share in the new life I have given your doctor.”
When Sherlock had jumped off that building the bloody idiot had thought, truly believed, that what he was doing had been the right thing and just maybe it was—for London, for the people Moriarty’s criminal web victimized—but it sure as hell had not been for John.
The rhythmic breathing returned the instant his dark head hit the pillow and John was left with that same feeling he had felt as he watched Sherlock slumber in the chair. The man was damn annoying…and in the same stretch, undeniably adorable—when he wasn’t running his mouth and ignorantly ignoring all social cues and customs. Almost likeable.
Entertainment had to come in some other fashion, he supposed. Louis could entertain the little imp all he wanted and while he was distracted that left Lestat to have a little fun with the detective that had drawn them to London in the first place. The great 'Sherlock Holmes' was quite a bit more engaging then he had initial anticipated. Though he should have suspected something when Louis was actually willing to move so readily, closer this peculiar mortal.
Their kiss wasn’t soft or sweet, it was hard and aggressive, a silent demand from both for more. With John’s hunger pulling at him he wasn’t thinking anymore. In a sudden twisting of his body faster than any mortal could see he had Sherlock flat on his back, pinned to the mattress. He hunched over the man, legs straddling him, hands to either side of his head.
The truth was that Mary Morstan was dead.
The raven haired head dipped and his emerald eyes narrowed almost imperceptibly at the older vampire adjacent him in the round black leather booth.  It was hard not to be skeptical of the little beast's presence after the encounters he had shared so far in the city with his own maker.  These two men had accompanied him the most over the years which he had chosen to share of his immortal life with another—even though these were still few when considered—and it was these two men that warred eternally for over his attentions, jested and bickered over his affections.  Always caught in the middle, it was hard now not to be skeptical of Armand’s true purpose in the ancient city.
Well, not really sleeping. The man had left right afterward, without even giving John a chance to say anything. That wasn’t true either, John just hadn’t known what to say. ‘Emotions do not know gender.’ The last words that Sherlock had spoken to him flitted once more through his mind. Did that mean that the younger man cared? He had to, otherwise... The thought trailed off as he pulled away from the cool window enough to focus on his haggard reflection, knowing that he was thinking in circles but unable to stop himself.
The detective fixed one line and adjusted another crooked note. “You haven’t read them.”
When all that was left was the damask relief of the wallpaper Sherlock found himself in a ball on the couch.  His knees had failed him and like any broken creature he had gathered himself together, protecting his vulnerable chest, where the ache only beat louder within his vessel.  He hated this.  All of it.  John was his compass.  The one that kept him straight, focused, sure.  He was failing, not only himself but also John Watson.
Sherlock watched John’s shoulders begin to slump as he rubbed at his eyes.  It was simple to observe the effects of the approaching dawn settling over his friend before he replied, quietly, "I can't very well do that from here, John.”
John felt a weight drop in his stomach, a sudden need to stop the other from leaving, and in a mess he found himself strangely blurting, “I-Is that…that an American accent…?”  The doctor felt ashamedly stupid and yet couldn’t make his eyes leave the stranger before him.
The young specialist registrar stood beside the black bagged body on the medical examination table, fingers knit together in front of her, the glitter of the diamond on her left hand visible, placed purposely on top of her dominant right to nevertheless display it. John gave the plain woman a friendly hello and a courteous wave, as Sherlock brushed past her to gain access to the body she had brought them down to see. She took a step back, her body tensed with his brusque movement, but she kept her thin lips closed. As the detective worked open the zipper from head to toe, his companion asked the young woman what they were looking at.
His need drove the thought into his mind's eye, the very real display of such a thing being a distinct possibility, as he recalled the memory of his own brother and the vampire so obviously indulging in the passions capable between a mortal man and an immortal.  The thought was broken just as John tore himself away, suddenly across the room, fearful, angry, and panting.
The man took a deep breath. His inhalation was staggered, and his vision began to swim about him.  John still drank, moaning with pleasure, as he guzzled down the blood. The detective grew woozy, the warm haze of the blood connection fading to the cooler zone of too much. Lestat pulled his own forearm away from the other vampire’s stomach and Sherlock could see that the hole had closed, but was still pink with fresh tissue.  Lestat then moved in to separated them.
John tried not to smirk as he accepted the cup from her. He dropped some cash onto the counter. “Keep it.” He said to the girl, before grabbing the detective’s elbow and moving him along.
“Tuesday.” She chirped, nonplussed by the snub.
"Yes well I shouldn't have stopped quite so suddenly. Good night." He resumed his previous pace despite his instincts glaring alarm to not turn his back on the blond stranger.
It was all very consuming.  A distraction that John could not afford him to entertain.
John observed the older vampire give a short glance askance to the packed messenger that was sitting ready to go by the door to the small rundown house the two of them had shared over the past few weeks. Then those eyes came back and John could see a fondness there as Louis explained, “I am going to meet with Armand on his Night Island.  It is a wondrous place, John, built specifically for our kind.  If you should ever need a reprieve from the mortal world, I would recommend that you seek it out.  You will be welcomed there.”
The consulting detective had paced the parlor until his feet were warm and his calves ached, begging for him to lay off and take a rest.  When he finally did, he flopped down onto the couch with a long grating growl, wrapping his house coat about him tighter.  There he lay.  Alone and pouting.
Louis’ gaze was frigid then and it was easy to see that he was perturbed by his captive’s ignorant refusal to cooperate.  In a rigid tone, blanketed with palpable frustration, the creature tried a new tactic.  “Look, John,” it said, raising a placating hand, “what will it take for you to cooperate with me tomorrow night?”
"Now, now, no need for such language," tsked the man as he stepped inside the suite, leaving the door ajar behind him, John noticed.  The creature drew a hand to his chest and gave a quick delicate bow, "Allow me to introduce myself.  My name is Lestat and although I'm sure you've heard all sorts of things about me, I am here to inform you that they are likely, hardly the truth."
“John Watson is my priority, inspector, and I will do everything within my power to find the doctor.” Sherlock hissed through clenched molars.
This was the truth.  They both mutually desired to see this Ludvik wiped off the face of the planet, if what she had told them was true.  John could not see how a war with the supernatural powers of this planet could end well for either side, especially now that he had flipped from one to the other—from human to…other.
Still Greg did not want to go.  He wanted as much as anyone to find John, to see the man alive and well again.  Sherlock looked as though he was about to grab the inspector and toss him out, when Greg’s cell vibrated in his coat pocket.  A call.  He fished it out to see that Donovan was after him.  He sighed and left the call to go to voicemail, as he walked to the door of the flat.  He stopped only long enough to warn the detective, “Inform me the minute you have any new information and I mean it, Sherlock!”
“Oh, David, you’re such a bleeding heart.” Lestat’s voice was low and condescending, as to not rouse the dozing woman.
The aloof voice on the other end of the receiver replied all the same, answering each of his questions in a diplomatic fashion that remained firmly ambiguous.  “I assure you, Dr. Watson, it is only for your protection.  I had hoped that it would not come to this and still I fear that even these extreme measures may not be enough.”
Sherlock bobbed his head again in that see-saw motion that meant ‘not quite’ or ‘yes and no’. “Demonic power or the ideology of it predates Christianity and pervades almost every culture past and present to some degree. Even vampirism is demonic at its core or so it is said.”
Louis walked past without a word uttered and the doctor followed.  They came back to the couches in the open living space by the wall of glass that led to the patio and the creature gestured for the man to take a seat.  John pursed his lips but was too curious to object—in the end what choice did he really have?  He either could allow this thing to do what it said it could do or he could refuse.  The end result would be the same.  If Louis returned, as he said he would tomorrow evening with Sherlock, they would go with him, wherever that would be, because it would be better than here, better than this luxury prison.  Here he could do nothing.  There, he didn’t know what opportunities could await.  Perhaps escape, perhaps Mary, perhaps anything.  He wouldn’t know until he got there.
The detective was about to prod her more and, as though she had expected him to, the girl relented in her mask and her game.  As her fingers stroked the sides of the china cup in her hand, her strong voice came out of her weak and quiet.  "I don't wish to see him as he is now... and I fear his ability to garner thoughts from my mind would endanger him more so than the two of you already are."
Lestat’s scoff was somewhere between a hiss and a spit, as he sneered his displeasure at the statement and cast an indignant glare away from his fledgling. "Yes, well apparently I make vampires with a weakness for red-headed imps." The last word was snapped as Lestat’s eyes met David’s again with an accusatory narrowing.
“Ah, nothing bad. I apparently double booked. Again. I gotta’ go. Sorry.” John heard the chairs being scraped across the floor as the two packed up their belongings and began to make an exit from the coffee shop. “I totally need a clone.”
The curly haired brunet stood triumphantly before the vampire.
He decided the mask was useless in this venture and took back up the broom for a few more proximity tests, loosening his grip so as to not cause himself injury. The room and it's contents were not as fortunate.  After several more successful tests with the broom, Sherlock was fairly confident that he had fully mapped the vampire’s reflexive actions, response time, and sphere. His time, however, was up. Th detective went about setting the room back as best he could. The jewelry was swept into a drawer haphazardly, the painting was re-hung, broken glass swept with the-now-broken-broom and Sherlock gave one last inspection prior to leaving the vampire’s room, fairly pleased with his findings thus far and eager to continue the next evening.
Sherlock gave wan nod of his dishevelled head.  That did make sense to him and given the nature of what they were it would be genocide to bring it to the public’s attention, which scientific study would ultimately end in.  There lay his problem, if he were to try and help John.
the plea was clear in his mind as he looked up to meet the blacked emerald fire of Louis gaze.
The air was crisp and cool.  Any mortal would have thought twice before braving the late night walk.  The two immortals amongst the trees and shrubs felt nothing.  They walked the paths, letting the light of the silvery moon dapple their skin through the branches of the naked trees, as conversation passed casually between them.  Louis asked Armand again of his troubled mind and the older vampire did share briefly the woes and concerns he felt for his fledgling.  The dark haired vampire had known of Daniel’s state of mind but it seemed to lift the well-hidden weight he had seen on the others figure.
During his indulgence, the passivity he had laid on the animals had worn off. Now at the sight and smell of the other dead creature they were beginning to panic. The donkey’s brae was the loudest and John could hear the farmer lifting from his deep slumber in response. He recouped his senses, enough to nip his finger and close the wound on the cow’s neck with his own blood, before stumbling out of the barn and back into the night.
John felt safe with this other vampire and a part of him dreaded the leaving as much as the other part rejoiced in the prospect of returning to London, to home.  They separated and Louis bent to kiss his mouth in a quick gesture of goodbye.  “Remember, John, that I will always be willing to see you.  You can always call on me if you need to.”
“For not being able to protect you. For being used to hurt you and for not being able to give you what you want.” John’s eyes slid shut as he nuzzled his cheek slowly against the detective’s. The raging storm of emotions had left him drained. An odd calm and peace had settled over the both of them.
"The penthouse this once couldn't hurt." Louis finally suggested, making the devilish grin on the blond's lips grow, the pinkish hue from the chapstick that was there to add some color to the pale mouth, glistened in the warm glow of the streets lamp light, as the arm about his neck became a degree tighter in appreciation.
The vampire’s raven colored head dipped and his chin came to rest on the first two fingers of his hands, pressed as though in prayer.  It was a simple gesture that he mirrored from the man in the flat above him.  He closed his eyes and considered where his maker had gone after their incident.  He felt the haunting heat streaking across his chest at the memory of the fire maker had unwittingly released on his fledgling in his fit of rage.  Louis had been just as shocked as Lestat had been—yet nothing compared to unveiled horror in the icy blue luminescent depths of the immortal eyes of his maker.
Sherlock was back and everything that had made him work, gotten him through, was no longer required.
“Well, then why isn’t Sherlock a vampire, if he was your fucking
“This is your fault, John.” She said, her voice was scratchy and hollow.
“Uh, yes, in fact you did.” He interrupted her, already knowing all of this.  He reminded her of what they had already spoken about, “The one from John and Mary, saying they had moved to…Cyprus, wasn’t it?”
Sherlock’s gaze narrowed and locked with the vampire’s.  There was no disputing this truth.  He knew that he had little chance now of surviving this encounter, even if he were to reach help.  He was growing weaker every second that past.  There was no way that emergency services would be able to reach him before his heart gave out.  Yet, he was still in stubborn denial of this fact, despite the high rate of probability that he had calculated in his mind, cropping up like an unbidden text alert in his periphery.
“Last night had been,” He paused in the middle of the sidewalk, heedless of the few people around him. “Amazing, wonderful, mind-blowing, brilliant?” John muttered the words to his wet shoes as people wandered around him. While it had been all those things that wasn’t the word he was looking for. He stumbled to a closed shop window, hand reaching out to catch himself against the glass as his feet tripped over themselves in the last steps. He leaned in to stare at his wavering reflection, head slowly inching closer until he couldn’t see himself any longer.
"What. Exactly. Is. That…supposed to mean?" John’s ground out, his tone low and menacing.
Handing over most of the remaining bills in his wallet, John barely noticed the man leave before returning with his change. The bartender quickly stacked the few coins beside the momentarily empty glass before he unscrewed the heavy bottle in his hand. After giving him an appraising look, the man filled the glass with more of that amber liquid. Capping the bottle, the bartender shifted forward, raising his voice to be heard over the crowd. “All right Doc, this is your last top-up, I’m cutting you off.”
before returning to a thin line.  “Have you met or do you know of a blond man named Lestat?”
As that thought flitted through his mind another chased it. Would he be this good at giving head? Even the idea of that perfectly shaped mouth on him was enough to have him panting. Grinding deep into the mattress, he lost the rhythm the detective had created between them as his mind filled with dangerous images of Sherlock on his knees, lips glistening.
"You’re going to feed." Sherlock corrected, much to John’s annoyance.
“Your landlady fancies us, Louis.” Lestat chirped with amusement. “Believes she's dreadfully lucky to have so many good looking men about.” Lestat looked about the entry way at the slightly pealing wallpaper, the dust in the corners, too high to be easily reached. He ran a finger along the wall but when he inspected the gloved tipped he found no dust. He turned around with the grace of a dancer and continued to inspect the entry in an exaggerated fashion as he ignored Louis’ statement.
John wasn’t sure what annoyed him more.  Sherlock’s silent locked gaze or the fact that nothing seemed amiss in the street below to his untrained eye.  The doctor let out a grating sigh of frustration.  He glanced back toward his taller flatmate, as his arms folded over his chest and weight shifted to his other foot, his shoulder pressing heavy against the jam.  From beneath those dark curls brilliant eyes darted at him from askance and John could tell that in that one tiny quick movement that the genius had been assessing.  Experience had told the doctor that the other didn’t need more than that to just about pluck the bloody thoughts from his brain.
John became lost in this new sensation, this claim that he had laid, and suddenly his body seemed to be moving of its own accord, his mind in full agreement with his actions.  All he could think and feel was,
John sighed again, not realizing he’d been holding it in and clenching his molars again.  He gave his face a cleansing rub with his palms as he sat straight up.  “I’m fine, really.  Just fine.”
Sherlock’s mind may have been a locked vault but Johns was a buffet. Lestat pondered if Louis, whom had never been as exceptional at reading mortal minds as he was at reading their fiction, would be gleaning from the doctors mind all of the lovely tidbits of information and angst that he was. For now, he needed to act the part of one who was surprised by the information he was going to pry from his ebony-haired companion. After all, he couldn't appear too interested, that would take all the fun out of his little game. He, himself, wasn't entirely sure what his next move would be and so that made it a little easier to entice and entangle his ever curious, ever cautious lover along. The emerald eyes would narrow at him, the pale pink lips would draw into the unconscious purse as he tried to analyze what devilment his maker was up to and how much of it he was the cause of in the scenario that was unfolding.
The silence hung in the air for a few more long moments, the blond held out as long as he could, before puffing out an exasperated breath, snatching the duck back from from it's bobbing position in front of him.
The room was not unadorned.  It was fashioned as anyone might expect a bedroom to be, with the odd touch of the owner's personality here and there throughout.  To his immediate left there was shelf and dresser, carved out of the finest mahogany and capped with a gleaming marble top that spoke of the owner's intense desire for the richness of the world.  On the dresser there was a small wooden box, carved intricately with various flowers and intermingling vines, dotted here and there with emeralds and topaz.  Sherlock opened it and dumped out the contents, raucously spilling chains, bracelets, and rings into a pile on the hard cold marble.  Then he turned back to John.
“That’s why Marisa wants us to take out this rebel leader? He wants a war?” the doctor queried.
"John, hold it together." was all he could think to say, knowing he had to find a way to get both of them out now.
that's what you were planning! How does it feel, huh?! Having someone else always, just, know what it is that your planning on doing. Who's deducing whom now?!" John actually felt pretty damn good about realizing that his access to Sherlock's thoughts could be an incredibly useful tool.  It was at least one good thing about the bombarding thoughts that zipped through his head like bullets.
The two men sprang apart, rolling to opposite sides of the destroyed bed. In an odd sort of panicked embarrassment, John scrambled into his pants. His motions were a blur as he began frantically scanning the room for his trousers. He was not going to deal with his maker in the nude. First clothes, then beating.
Leaning down, John placed a gentle kiss on the corner of the younger man’s mouth before pulling away slightly. All the while, he maintained a slow, steady rocking motion, refusing to allow the other man to move things along faster than he wanted. “Sherlock. What do you want? Tell me and I will give it to you.” The words weren’t flowery or a dramatic declaration, they were simply the truth. Anything that the other man asked him John would do.
Those pale eyes narrowed a touch, a normal mortal may have missed it, but the vampire did not.  The man calculated his response and was prepared to deliver a rebuttal in a flash of mortal time.  This incredible ability was part of the lure this human’s reputation had cast.  It was hard not to bite.
“Ah, David, you have returned.” He said simply, a greeting of sorts to fill the emptiness of the silent dark room.
“That is true. You are very wise, Mrs. Hudson.” Louis wrapped his cool hands around the hot cup to leech more of the heat from its contents.
It was sometime later when he finally rolled over and attempted to open his bleary eyes again.  There was a slight improvement noted in regard to the throbbing pain.  He was still surrounded by darkness but this time, as he sat up in the bed, he was able to denote some form to the room around him.  The room itself seemed expansive, certainly no where the doctor had ever slept before.  To his right there were two doors, one of which looked likely to lead to a bathroom and the other to a closet.  On his left was a large bank of floor to ceiling windows that over looked the city beyond.  He rubbed his eyes again, taking a second look through the impressive windows.  The sky was dark outside and a great stretch of it was visible through the wall of windows.  Wherever he was, it was very high up.
With a sharp inhalation, he thrust, only to find the younger man’s body not in line with his own. John made to sit up, only to be firmly pushed back. Sharp nails slid down his ribs, forcing another sound from his lips. Those amazing hands traveled further down, hooking on his pants and tugging them down. Sherlock leaned in as he pulled at the material. After a quick kiss, he bit hard on John’s hip. As John thrust forward with a startled cry the pants were pulled down and off in seconds.
That yearning was something the immortal could understand and recognize in himself when he thought on the guilty pleasures of his former lovers. The crispness of those moments of passion were ones that always came back with the vivid colors of still wet paint. These were raw in the moment of recollection when in the presence of the ones that once had painted them so deftly, was at hand.
Sherlock’s fingers ripped free of his hair on a guttural groan, instead fisting the sheets tightly. His back arched as John's thumb began a slow massage against his perineum. More sounds fell unbidden from his lips, almost a plea, nearly a demand. Desire and possession thrummed through John’s veins as he added another finger.
“What the fudge-sundea? Like right now? Just fly to London?” Despite how unbelievable her words sounded, John could pick up the air of wistful longing that underlined the way she said ‘London’.
"Gladly." The word had only just registered in his ears before he was wrapped in the iron embrace of the other man, the syllables hot on his throat as the snap of the world breaking over-took him.
The tips of his fingers caressed, light flutters of sensation that caused John to shudder over and over again. His nerves were on fire. Every brush of fingers, press of thumbs and push of palms elicited a physical response from him. John was hard and aching, unconsciously grinding into the bed to the rhythm of the other man’s strokes.
Once again the detective was left with more questions than answers.  He left the rain and ducked inside, irritable and agitated.  Mrs.  Hudson was sweeping the foyer and looked up from her work as he entered.  She made a comment about his sopping wet appearance that he dismissed and he offered her the ticket Mycroft had given him.  “You won a sweepstakes, Mrs. Hudson.” He said, as he left her to ogle the expensive first class ticket to Canada and ascended the steps to his own flat.
It had disturbed him to wake to this crazy reality through the amorous dream he had had of the detective.  In truth, they had once been like that.  Flat mates, friends, lovers.  They had laughed, bantered, argued and fought, wrestled, and had explored one another’s body and mind.  It had been what John thought a honey moon might be like—fun, exhilarating, passionate, thrilling, dangerous.  Moriarty had gotten in the way of all of it.  Had changed everything.  That wasn’t the reason for the cringe though, just a part of it.  It was not Sherlock’s resurrection either.  It was the feeling of having him back, being with him again, talking with him again, investigating again.  It had been so alluring, so dangerous.  And Mary who he had wanted to remain behind had encouraged it.  That was the cringe.
Sherlock stood there, his butt resting against the counter of the sink, frozen, his eyes trained on John.  The doctor took in the scene.  Here he had barged in, invaded what the detective had attempted to use as a sanctuary, safe from the consequences of his own selfish destructive decisions.  The taller man was undressed.  His dress shirt lay in a discarded heap on the floor near the base of the toilet, his trousers undone, ready to join the pile.  John had always been in awe of the detective’s body, at times even envious.  The man was tall and thin, but his form remained very lean.  His skin was perfect, unblemished and a soft pale pink, adding definition to the toned abdominals along the length of his torso.  The doctor shook off the effect it had on him now, seeing his flat mate exposed before him as he was, and instead remained steadfast to his mission.
John bristled and waspishly snapped back to the other, “And what are you going to do?  Draw me a bloody picture?”
This was by no means how he felt at the moment, however, and he did an about-face, heading back through the door into the bedroom. It was midsummer in London now and based on the light filtering through the crack in the drapes, it was already well into the morning. The city had been hit by a week of unseasonably hot weather that left the air humid and sour. As if adding insult to injury, the night refrained from bringing any kind of cool relief. John hoped today would be different, seeing as his skin had already felt some cool relief, but he was not about to hold his breath.
.  He wasn't running away.  He was returning home.  To his fiancé.  Where he belonged.  Yet at the same time the lack of others left his own mind unoccupied or distracted.  It found its own thoughts and it left him wondering what he really didn't know he wanted to discover.  What had happened at the flat?  Had he really bit Sherlock?  Why couldn't he remember anything?  His head throbbed.  He felt numb.  It was cold.
“You shouldn’t do that.” She said, tipping her head towards the cigarette between his fingers, as she reprimanded him for smoking.  “John, wouldn’t approve,” she added, as if to make her point.
Sherlock fell to his knees, supporting the weight of his lover. John’s head was on his shoulder, as he turned back to see Marisa stepping back from Moriarty, who still clawed at whatever was in his throat. The red head ordered for Lestat to finish the job and the blond graciously accepted without hesitation. The smaller body of Moriarty was taken into the hands of the experienced killer with a violent thrash of movement. Sherlock had a hard time following at the speed with which the vampire moved. Lestat grabbed the cloying hands of the man from behind. His knee raised, bracing against the back of the creature, as he pulled. The arms were torn free of the torso with little effort expended. Black blood, thick and hot spilled out from the dark holes that remained.
Driven by his sudden need to distance himself from the other man John shoved the phone into the pocket of his jeans and took an abrupt step away.  A vice grip latched onto his wrist, those thin gloved fingers like the clamp of iron, holding him firm.  The doctor gave an impatient grunt and insisted, "Sherlock—", only to be cut off again by the man's fiercely hissed, "Quiet, John!"
John cursed, as his immortal senses alight with the sounds and sensations around him. The commotion had caused all in the near vicinity to panic and as their screams filled the air, their hysterical thoughts generated a raucous cacophony in his mind that was nearly debilitating. He could not allow himself to succumb to this distraction. He closed his eyes and blocked out everything else, concentrating on what he knew was Sherlock’s.  His scent was there.  John locked in on it, no need to memorize it, it was already familiar to the vampire.  He dressed quickly, leaving everything else, and then left through the new opening out into the darkness of the cool night. He used everything his immortality gave him to utilize in his search, regardless of the fact that his chances of winning this battle were non-existent.
The shimmer of tightly curled golden hair and the hint of ice-blue eyes, hidden behind the yellow-toned low-tint Oakley shades, was just the beginning of the contrasts between the two men who now sat side by side in the terminal. Both men shared an unnatural pale and beautiful visage but while one was the very picture of a modest attempt to not draw attention to himself, the other seemed to have stepped off a L.A. runway or out of some exotic night club.
“I did though,” Sherlock said, “you just make the mistake of assuming that it was purely for a romantic purpose.  I am and always have considered myself to be married solely to my work.  John Watson was a very instrumental part of carrying that out and the girls that he brought home interfered with his usefulness.”
John’s inexplicable demands were questionable enough, yet his sudden and unemotional removal of them was stranger still.  Whenever Sherlock considered this he saw red flags and heard alarm bells ringing in the recesses of his mind.  Yet when he attempted to mull over the facts in consideration with these obvious warnings the detective found himself thwarted from the attempt every time—by his own arousal.  The blasted reaction he had to even the memories of the time and incident prevented any kind of functional analysis.  It was bloody inconvenient.
"I take it then that we are in Scotland," he said, narrowing his gaze at her as the corner of her small pink lips curled into an appreciative smirk, "so is it the Hebrides or the Shetland isles?"
That was the last thing John wanted to hear.  “So, I should just let Mary’s murderer go unpunished?”
"Bullocks!" Was the instant reply, as John looked back at him sharply, accusingly. "You did 70% of your investigations from the flat! I was there, remember? There's a laptop with internet in the office, just..." There was a deep breath between the words. Speaking them seemed to almost be a struggle now. "Seriously, just this once I need you to actually listen to me…and stay put. Get some sleep. Tomorrow night we have a lot to figure out."
Several hundred feet away another immortal flexed his hands in the pockets of his wool coat and watched as the figure of his fledgling quickly vanished into the night. Louis was grace when he moved, whether while walking the stride of the mortals around them or on those times when he would take advantage of the dark gifts given him. Dashing with bursts of speed through the world around them. Long and lithe limbs were liquid in their movements and smooth like the steps of a big cat. Sharp emerald eyes would take on deepening shaded of forest before the surge of power was released, propelling the sculpted body of the man into the air and in defiance of all natural law. Watching the other flex his powers, the powers he had been given and had been gifted by the ancient blood that was shared through them, brought a thrill of arousal over the Lestat. It was as much pride in the beautiful creature that Louis was—not to mention, the credit he took for eternally preserving this man, it was also the covetous desire he withheld for the other and his affections.
John hadn’t expected the emotional blackmail. His face scrunched up, and he moved to push the other man off of him, only to realize that he wasn’t able to. All of his supernatural strength suddenly didn’t account for anything, not in the construct of the mind palace. Sherlock looked as if he hadn’t even noticed that John was straining against him, which frustrated John even more.
Why was he here? There was nothing here. There never had been. It was just a rouse. Just a ploy to make the right people think what the mad genius wanted them to think. John was just playing a part. The part he had not known he was to play.
Looking back up at the expansive stretch of mirror the man inspected his face again, with a quick sweep of his hand from side to side.  His skin was as smooth as if he had just shaved, not a single nick or hair missed.  He rubbed at his entire face and his eyes as he attempted to wrap his mind around the idea of someone else having done the tedious job for him.  His hands moved back through his hair and over a sore spot that made him wince with a hiss.
"John, I—?" the man wanted to defend himself, it was plain in the tensed lines of his face, and the vampire denied him his chance.
“Hn.” Lestat’s arms crossed over his chest, as he walked to the edge of the building, peering over at the city below him.
Marisa couldn't help but retaliate.  Verbal fencing after all was something that the two of them had enjoyed immensely during his indenture in that tiny croft.  "I didn't come back
He scrubbed the thought, as the creature continued, “What if I could show you what you cannot remember?”
A dark navy t-shirt hugged the well-defined slender torso, swirling metallic designs in gold and white were sharply accented by the painfully expensive watch and gold rings that adorned the young man’s slender wrist and hands. One of those rings would have easily paid for the plane that was pulling up in the darkness outside the terminal window. Designer blue-jeans, purposefully made to look worn, white leather shoes that were spotless and free from the wear of one who spent much time actually walking in them.
"Not quite, John." Sherlock’s words ended with his hand snapping a hard grip on the doctor’s wrist, suddenly tugging him off balance.  With a roll he pulled the two of them into a tumble.
Not this time.  He had to prevent Sherlock from becoming a vampire—the consequences would be utterly unthinkable.
A few minutes into the drive, he finally glanced askance at John. He was making a point of trying not to do that—to stare at John, but it was utterly mesmerizing, the way he looked now. Sherlock was making diligent attempts to slow his mind down and to try to find a way to put John at ease as he could see in the mans body language that being around him made the new vampire incredibly uncomfortable.
Suddenly the handle flew out of his hand, twisting his wrist as it was knocked violently away. A terrifying snarl reverberated in his ear drums that sent his nerves alight flight adrenaline. Sherlock staggered back, unbalanced by the blow.  The mask fell over his eyes and he fell hard on his arse. He scrambled away from the bed anticipating an attack that did not come. After the shock was digested and the mask tossed off his face, he could see that John was as peaceful looking as before though his position had changed. The blanket had been tossed mostly onto the floor at one side of the bed, the broom was laying against a wall where it had knocked down a painting.
Louis grabbed his fingers and pressed the hand down against his chest, the corner of his mouth curled ever so slightly.  “No, John,” he pressed, with a gentle shake of his head, “it isn’t safe.  You need to rest now.”
Suddenly the door to the apartment was flung open, banging loudly against the wall with the force. Startled, John jumped, spilling the half-full cup of near boiling tea onto his brown jumper and trousers. Cursing he leapt to his feet, pealing the jumper away from his skin while trying, one-handed, to remover the trousers. He sank to the ground, pain thrumming through him as his body and head protested the sudden movement.
Yet Louis had no doubt that Armand had shadowed his intentions with true business.  The little cherub had properties, acquired here and there over the centuries which speckled the globe, and tendrils of connections throughout the business world that kept him forever wealthy.  It was apparent tonight with his expensive, well-tailored, suit and cropped well combed hair that he had been at his business prior to this very meeting.
When the man had finally exited the shower, wrapped in his blue satin housecoat, Lestrade was astounded at his physical appearance.  Sherlock had always been thin, bordering on gaunt, and his lofty height had left him looking lanky.  Now he was almost a skeleton of his former self.  Those high cheek bones seemed even more pronounced and the bags under his eyes were purple from lack of sleep, accentuated by the unsettling ashen pallor of his skin.
Sherlock pursed his lips and nodded, admitting, "I am fairly certain that he tried upon numerous occasions but I can confidently say that he was unsuccessful, yes."
John reached into the pocket of his white lab coat and pulled out his phone.  The screen illuminated as he awakened the device only to show him that he had missed no calls and had received no text messages.  The doctor sat and brooded in his quiet office for a long time, until his coffee was cold and the ache in his cranium had joined up with the pain and heaviness of his shoulders.  By then, he had finally decided that it was time to leave.
John wrapped his arms up and around the bare shoulders, burying his fingers into the man’s ruffle of dark curls, pressing him closer.  He opened his mouth, allowed the darting, teasing, tongue access, indulging in the taste of the detective.  He felt the others hands on his body move down to paw greedily at his arse, before sliding back upwards, pulling the tails of his striped dress shirt from the belt of his trousers.  Hot fingers were on his skin, slipping up under the clothes, caressing, as their hips began to slowly rock against each other.
The girl’s scared demeanor shifted to one of skepticism. As she turned away from them to pour John’s blond roast, the vampire caught a snippet of thought. ‘
"Dammit..." John sputtered the curse, trying to reason his concussion as an excuse for the seemingly paranormal insanity he was experiencing.
This must have occurred only within the last ten minutes, based off the drying time of the denim in proportion to the moisture on both the pants and jacket arm, as well as John’s furrowed brow and agitated stance and so was not the original cause of the delay in his expected arrival time. That meant that some other delay had taken place initially and that… that he would need to discover and that, well that was what he lived for. Oh, well, that and also amusing himself by tormenting his one friend in the whole world.
He gave her a slight smile in return as she closed the door behind her.  It was an odd thing to have happened but he didn't waste much time contemplating the incident with such matters at hand.
Moriarty looked upon him charitably, crooning, “Oh, this is an emotional time, isn’t it? You just got John back and now you’re going to do away with him again.”
The smile of Lestat's face was indescribable—like a child's lighting up with overwhelmed glee—far less predatory than Louis was accustomed to.  The inch given, predictably Lestat took a foot, and swung an affectionate arm about his shoulders, drawing their two bodies close together, as they continued to saunter down the meagrely populated streets of London.
The door that led outside was to his right, slightly broader and thicker than the bedroom door, and when he opened it a cold gush of air rustled the blanket he had slung around him.  He could smell the ocean, smell the salt, he was certainly still in the UK.  He walked outside, finding no porch or sidewalk, just scrubby brown grass that stretched out in every direction.  The stone croft was situated in a natural dip in the land and now that he was outside Sherlock could see that the horizon was actually a cliff edge.  The ocean roared now that he was outside, pounding against the rocks unseen below.  He could see the actual horizon stretching out in a blue haze before him.
With a final lick, John abandoned the reddened nipple. He trailed his mouth lower, teeth grazing and biting the skin between the occasional kiss. This caused the detective to squirm and gasp beneath him, small shudders racking his body. His fingers found the barrier of Sherlock’s slacks and quickly began working the button and fly before starting to force the material down. With every inch of skin he exposed, he would pause to give it attention, even as he purposely avoided the man’s straining erection. Fingers caressed and teeth nipped as he drew down the man’s tailored slacks.
“Your stare is flattering, Mr. Holmes,” the silken voice purred.  There was a satisfactory curl to the corner of his mouth that was anything but modest.  The man lavished in the attention of others and certainly more from their alarm and unease—which he was neither.  He had expected the intruder’s identity the instant he realized he had a visitor.  It had taken no deduction.  The man’s idle fingers fidgeted with the yellow rubber duck floating on the surface of the sudsy water, as he continued, “I got tired of waiting for you, so I thought I would spoil myself.”
John shrugged his shoulders and turned to answer his friend, only to find that he was gone.  The only one left in the kitchen within was the dead pig.  “Sherlock…?”
“I could not agree with you more.” Mycroft replied, his tone as casual as if he were speaking with an acquaintance out for tea.  “Sherlock has always been challenging.  Certainly not boring.”
The reposed face suddenly moved, his eyes flashing wide open and his dark brows raising.  "John, I've deduced something." he announced, head still upside down, his dark curls a tumbled mess.
Breaking the kiss, John met Sherlock’s eyes, looking at the mortal with a mixture of desire and uncertainty. It was an expression that was far too common as of late, and the detective was growing impatient with it.
The detective’s eyes glanced to her face then and she turned to look at him straight on, challenge evident in her delicate features.  She arched an eyebrow at him, waiting.  He cleared his throat and then, finally, demanded, “You live here?”
“Ah,” Sherlock replied, steepling his hands before him as he crossed his legs and reclined in his own chair, “and so you
Lestat smiled and looked across at the detective.  He wrinkled his nose and looked back up at her, commenting, “Certainly not my idea of a good time, but I suppose to each their own.  I commend your perseverance, my sweet—I mean, for dealing with the detective now…not your birds.”
"Thank you, Armand." 'I love you', was in those words as they left Louis lips.
“T-thank you for having me.” The doctor replied, being polite, as he smiled back.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The vampire slowly came to a stop on the sidewalk, watching the pressurized gush of the water try its best to remove the dark scarlet stain from the cement.  The worker gave him nothing more than a questioning glance askance, his mind drumming out his perception on having a 'watcher' as he worked as clearly as a police car's siren wailed its presence.  The immortal had the collar of his jacket turned up and his hands were in the pockets, as he tried to observe the scene.  The smell of the blood was still thick in the air, despite the stinging tang of the bleaches vapors and the waters mist, easily detected by his heightened immortal senses.  Both the stench and the size of the bloody mar on the cement hinted that the death had been gruesome.  With the body cleared away already it was hard to ascertain how the individual had died and he doubted he could deduce anything further from what he already had perceived.
He left the key in the lock and pushed opened the door, pulling it back fully, allowing a flood or warm light to spill out into the darkened hallway. It lit the black space causing Sherlock to squint. Stepping over the stone threshold, the detective came into a room befitting the Vatican's highest chapel. Gold, inlaid with shimmering stones and glass covered the sweeping arches above them, awe inspiring in its beauty and craftsmanship. Jasper and amethyst were set in the large gold crosses. Their were three tiers of portraits, lining the upper walls like a modern day gallery, all manner of Christianity depicted. Saints, apostles, bishops, abbots, and rulers, including Charlemagne, portrayed with the golden orb and scepter from the family treasury.
He nuzzled the femoral artery, his steely arms trapping Sherlock beneath him. Unable to resist any more he struck, head darting in and teeth sinking cleanly into the exposed neck. The first burst of coppery liquid on his tongue shot excruciating pleasure through his being and he ground down hard into his lover. John lapped and suckled at the clean punctures drawing more blood with each swallow.
“Sherlock,” He moaned the name as he rocked to the rhythm the younger man had created, unable to help himself as he arched into the sinfully delicious suction of the detective’s mouth. His eyes flew wide and the air left his lungs in a rush when Sherlock’s long fingers began to graze repeatedly over his prostate. He found himself gasping harshly and trying to grind himself onto those teasing fingers, the universe bursting behind his eyelids.
"Get used to it. Most who encounter me are." Sherlock replied waspishly.
“I will start throwing things over the balcony!” John raged, pointing at the elaborate glass doors that led outside.
David didn’t move in reaction to the doctor’s violent rise in temper.  His caramel orbs rolled back slightly, his face taking on a bored expression, as he leveled the shorter man with a look John was more familiar with Sherlock giving him, “John, she’s dead, so obviously she was not a part of it.”
“Lucky for you then.” The other replied.  He sighed and rubbed a hand over his chin, clucking his tongue against his cheek.  “So, I think the best way to start this off then, is for me to ask you how much you know about Mary Morston’s past.”
The detective considered the peculiar nature of the last comment, in balance with John's empathetic heart and the almost callous removal of himself from the room.  Things seemed to come unaligned, facts shifting and grinding against one another, stalling any kind of real outcome.  Sherlock blamed his own inability to think on the damned erection he sported and attempted then to shift his focus from the carnal, to the actions of his friend, hoping to glean some kind of answer for this bouncing of temperaments and moods.  As these considerations began he suddenly became aware of the strange prickling sensation at the back of his mind—as though a deviant were picking the lock and attempting to gain entrance to his mind and thoughts.
The detective inhaled a deep breath and blew it out.  He wanted to close his eyes, but they resolutely remained open against his own will, burning with the wicking of tears.  The pads of his fingers moved over the muscles of the pulsating heart under their grasp, as his hand pushed ever deeper. The cool wetness of the body tightened around his forearm was disillusioning. Even more so was the feeling of his hand finally encircling the fist sized organ.  John cried out, gasping for breath, as the front of his torso wept faster.  His head snapped forward, his breathing now ragged. He lost the fight to control the pain Sherlock inflicted.
Those two little words combined with the man’s expression sent a flood of desire through his veins. Oh yes, he would definitely be fucking this man, but not just yet. Instead of finding out where the man had stashed the lube and sinking into the tight heat of the other genius’s body he carefully released the genius’s captured wrists. “Touch me.” His words were a blend between a command and a plea as he continued to stare down and the beautiful man.
The postcard was written by a woman, trying in vain to mimic Mary Morstan’s handwriting.  Perhaps a lazy distracted graphologist would assume they were one in the same but Sherlock was not fooled for a second.  The ‘L’s were forced and heavy, characteristic of shaky hand, when eyes are darting back and forth between the writer’s sample and the new work, as well as the fact that the overall slant to Mary’s hand was missing.  Plus, there was the simple fact that a dead woman could not write or put a card in the post.  So, whomever had was most certainly linked to the woman’s assailant.
Lestat heard the labored breathing, the thready heart-beat, and turned his head to take in the sight of his ‘borrowed toy’. There was a whoosh, the tinkles of glass settling after.  The movement had been faster than even he could see, the other man departing in a flash. Lestat scanned the sky through the broken mortar of the wall and ceiling.  He could see nothing.  Even with his preternatural sight and hearing he could not detect where the other had gone.  He had simply vanished.
In all honesty, John had not thought of London much in the last several weeks. He had avoided thinking about the consulting detective. Now and then the man had passed through his mind but the vampire had dismissed him quickly. He knew that he should not blame Sherlock for what had happened, even though his resentment drew such conclusions often. The detective in the end had not drawn Lestat to him, had never sought him out, but simply had become a pawn in a supernatural game that he had no hope of controlling. In any case, there was no changing what had happened. There was no sense therefore in hating the other because of it and, in truth, John was beginning to wonder what had become of his friend.
He fumbled for something to say that sounded equally pompous and old fashioned. When the seconds began to stretch, and he had come up with nothing, John let out a low sigh, giving up on sophistication. “Thank you. I would like that.” He pitched his voice higher, the words coming out breathy due to the corset of death.
Sherlock turned his body slightly away, glancing back at John askance. There was a coy smirk to his mouth that dimpled his cheek, as he proudly replied, “Got your blood pumping, did it?”
“No,” she said, shaking her head, and wishing he let her go.  “He came back after we had finished the tea and dropped off the next few month’s rent.  Said that he would be away for a while on business.”
“Shut up, Louis!” Lestat's voice hollered over the cascade of sound, adding with a rumbling chuckle, “I promise I'll behave, mon cher. I wouldn't want to do anything to change your mind!” There was a clench of strong fingers in a premeditated strike to a few of the spots so well charted by his lover over the course of years.
His voice sounded desperate in his ears as he vaulted up the stairs like a man in flight, snatching a vase from the half table at the top of the landing.
“They are a delicious pair, Louis.” There was a satin tone in the voice of his maker, as Lestat stepped towards his raven-haired fledgling. The tone bore admiration and a hint of a predatory purr, of which Louis was not quite sure was directed at him or for the two young men.
"Well, I beg your pardon, I will try to think of some parlor trick for you next time we're going into hiding." John smirked, partly annoyed and partly very relieved that this was the first time it had felt somewhat like there banter of old as the two slid into the small backseat.
As if on cue, the familiar jingle that was set to announce his auburn haired lover was calling began to sound from inside the pocket of his jacket. Unconsciously he smiled as he pulled forth the phone and paused in his wondering to duck under the awning of a nearby business and out of the way of the other bodies traversing the busy sidewalk.
Then there was the entire vampire thing, including the inexplicable strength, speed, and agility that the beautiful man had demonstrated—there was no other way for the soldier to look at it, the guy was incredibly beautiful, unexplainably pretty, like he was as perfect a creation as was wholly possible.  John did not like to make a habit out of categorically sizing up men but this one definitely scored a 10.  And last but not least, there was the part about Mary.
But there were other things that he observed that he could not make sense of even as he approached the guest, shed his coat, and took a seat opposite the man in his leather chair.
His feet carried him across the intersection when the light turned and he kept on walking. He needed to hunt—had to get the smell of Sherlock off of his palate and control the thirst that was twisting his guts. Then maybe he would be able to figure out how the hell to deal with the cacophony of Sherlock’s thoughts that had been battering through his head.
Seated in the fine leather of Armand’s Ferrari 458 Spider, Louis met those waiting eyes and smiled warmly.  He reached across the rest between them and placed his hand over Armand’s.  He felt the fingers beneath his own tense slightly around the gear shift.  “Let us go to Regents Park and enjoy the moonlight through the trees.  I would like nothing more than to smell the wet bark and soil after being inside for so long.”
Sherlock's voice was husky with desire, causing a pleasurable purr to rumble in John’s chest at the effect he had on his detective. He had never stopped desiring the man now straining against him, never was able to fully strike the recollection of their fevered love-making from his mind, despite his attempts. There was nothing so delicious as having the genius quivering, stuttering and begging for his touch. It sent hot waves of desire rolling through him, twitching his own throbbing need as his tongue darted out and swiped at the seeping head of the detective’s cock. The hips rocking forward as he took the entire length all at once in a smooth and sudden motion. Sherlock's fingers dug into the back of his scull as he gasped Johns name, somewhere between surprise and ecstasy. Head tossed back, Johns eyes gazed upwards to admire the bob of the adams apple as his lover swallowed shakily. Letting the thick shaft in his mouth slide slowly through his lips as his tongue swept languidly around the head that remained in the warmth of his wet mouth.
With no more sound then the soft rustle of curtains that stirred in the open windows of the apartments above, Lestat descended into the shadow of the man who smelt like peaches and cigar smoke. When the youth stopped suddenly, alerted to the predator that was so closely behind him, it was too late to escape. The cell phone clattered to the concrete below as the iron grip snaked around his torso, a hand clenched tightly over his lips to stifle a muffled and desperate cry. The two ascended swiftly as Lestat pressed the length of his body tightly to the other mans backside, releasing his hand from the others lips and instead clenching a tight hand full of the perfect curls. Too high above the buildings below to be easily heard over the ambient noise of the city, the string of curses as well the violent struggle ceased suddenly. A soft gurgle replacing the thick accented language as Lestat bit hard and savagely into the exposed throat before him. The flesh tearing easily, like the thin skin of a grape, as the rush of hot and rich blood flooded into Lestat's eager mouth.
you?” the young vampire blustered, somehow finding the strength and the reserve somehow to restrain his anger.  Instead of swinging a fist or opting for a tussle, he smiled.  It was not a pleasant smile.  It was one that was stretched, tight lipped, clearly holding back.  “Help me to understand just why I should
—of the habitation of the home.
The vampire had no doubt in his mind that his maker had returned to the old city.  It was no coincidence that the Ferrari that Armand had loaned him was vandalized, even in this neighborhood.  Lestat had raked the marks along the side of the pristine vehicle—the scathing wrath of his jealousy on display.  Louis saw alright and was all the more bitter for it.  It was this action after all that had warranted his decision to leave Baker Street and the last place he would go would be to the side of his maker.  The vampire had better things to do.
With the added buzz of the nicotine in his veins the long strides carried Sherlock several blocks before he began to register there was something else nagging at him. The prickle of hairs on the back of his neck, his bodies way of reacting to a potential threat.  He stopped suddenly and narrowed his eyes to scrutinize the few individuals he could see ahead of him or through his peripherals.
Lestat's fingers played absently with the braid that started at the base of the other’s neck and hung over his opposite shoulder, a touch and action that Louis both desired and resented in that moment. The blond was using this soft playful acknowledgment as a means of coaxing his creation to play the game he was so adamantly refusing. Yet it wasn't as though the other wished him to stop. His maker's affections were hard to capture and hold, although there was also no escaping them when he willed it.
Still, this battle she would indeed have to concede defeat.  Sherlock's piercing summons had broken through.
Having made up his mind he steeled himself for the word he was about to say. “Yes,” John whispered before wrapping his legs around Sherlock’s hips, the action reaffirming his acquiescence.
It was only then Lestat realized that he had scorched a smoking burn line all the way up Louis' sweater and with a gasp his eyes widened.  He turned away from looking at the other, unable to look at what he had done. His pulse was racing in his ears and he swallowed hard, tasting his own blood in his mouth, unsatisfying and bitter.
“You’re a doctor.  You won’t.” came the reply, firm and steadfast in his resolve.
John glanced down at the pink paper in his hand and they said nothing as Sherlock unfolded the puffin-shaped sticky-note. They read the message together.
.” Moriarty mocked him, those intense eyes widening even more as he forcefully emphasized the last word. He straightened his purple dress shirt—the same as the one John had always envied on the detective’s lean form—and the vampire realized that the demon was dressed in that same outfit. Moriarty saw this recognition and his lips curled with sadistic pleasure. He gestured to his clothes and asked, “Do you like it? I borrowed them. I don’t think Sherlock will mind.”
"Mary." Sherlock answered, "That’s how you know John, why you were asking about him on the island."  He paused only long enough to moisten his lips, before he asked her, "The 'they' you are referring to is the rogue faction of the Talmasca.  Tell me, are you still employed by them or have you defected as well?"
John stepped around Sherlock to peer at the woman scolding him. There was little recognition there beyond what Marisa had revealed—a brief encounter, by chance, long ago. “For your information, Lestat beat the tar out of me not even twenty-four hours ago, and then he’s a fucking barista, handing Sherlock his drink?! I wasn’t about to let him get a leg up on me this time.”
Lestrade had been on a case that afternoon when his phone rang.  He had been in the middle of a crime scene, side stepping glass shards, bullet casings, and the placid body of what earlier had been a vibrant young man, and so had left the caller ignored.  He would check his voicemail when he got back into his squad car.  Yet, when the phone rang a second time, only moments apart, the vibrations of the silenced mobile in his pocket had warranted a glance.  The illuminated screen showed that it was one
With the consulting detective’s mind completely overcome with desire, he let out a gasp of exclamation and then a scream of pain, as John’s mouth opened wide and his teeth sank into the tender skin of his neck.  His mind recoiled, like the snapping of a whip, and impulse replaced desire.  In a violent motion he shoved the doctor back from him.  The hand let loose of his curls and John fell back onto his rump.
This night, however, Louis was going to leave John to his own devices, within a regulated set of boundaries. He would not intervene unless he had too. John was to feed tonight on his own. Louis hung back as they approached the agreed upon area to which he was to hunt. They had been working this area for a while, taking out vile men who had committed crimes against others. They gleaned this from the criminal’s mind. It was a humbling experience, to realize in that moment before pouncing that one was both judge and jury, of which the sentence was always final.
The detective moved from the kitchen towards the small stairwell in the hallway that led to the second floor.  The fresh pungent tang of new varnish hit his palate as he also noted that the carpets on the steps were newly replaced.  At the top of the stairs sat a small half circle side table made of fine mahogany.
“You may want to read them and save us both some time.” He said, and then added, more distractedly, “There are many more but this is a good start for now."
Then Sherlock ordered him away.  “Stop wasting your time, Inspector,” as though he knew what Lestrade had been thinking—didn’t he always?— “and tell Mrs. Hudson I’m not dead so she will stop her infernal wailing.”
He tried to think more about Mary and failed.  His mind seemed to want anything else, latching onto weird abstract thoughts, like how the hell Louis got his finger nails to shine like glass, or why Sherlock kept a copy of
The timeline that he could remember seemed clipped, like someone had gone in and edited what was there.  It only made his head hurt more.  Wherever he was, he did not seem to be in immediate danger and he wasn’t apt to help himself any with this splitting headache anyway.  The doctor lay there a long while, drifting in and out of sleep.
John gasped, the man’s wet fingers gliding over his cock in a deliberately slow pace and he began to lightly thrust against John’s ass. The feel and friction sent shudders racking his body and he lowered his arms until he was braced on his elbows, head bowing as he tried to breathe through the waves of pleasure.
The doctor stopped in the open doorway to the bathroom, bewildered as to why he attempted to follow the other man inside, as he beheld Sherlock reclined in the tub, the water just started.  He spun around to leave and the detective called after him sharply.  “Come, John, talking out loud helps me think.”
“Do you think that she is in league with Moriarty?” John asked the burning question that Sherlock did not want to think about.
“How did you find yourself back in London?” David asked.
“Demonic?” John repeated, sounding incredulous. “Like the devil demonic?”
John faltered as he began thrusting against the detective’s arse. Having never been with a man, he wasn’t entirely sure where the boundaries lay in what they were doing, but he knew first hand that most women did not like having their asses ground against; especially during their first time.
Sometimes he was genuinely surprised but when it did happen, Louis hardly ever believed it to be true.
With a startled gasp of breath the elderly woman was woken from a sound slumber, a loud booming echoing throughout her small flat.  As her brain slowly began to process the emotions that were flooding her now conscious mind, filtering out what had been dreamt and what was real, her rapid breathing slowed.  The banging was a fist pummeling the door to her flat with such ferocity that she was unsure if the building were on fire or a menacing intruder intended to gain access to her home.
John thanked his friend and after a short walk down the street, took to the rooftops, quickly using his speed and agility to cross over to Baker Street.  Mrs. Hudson was unaware he was there and he did not find the post card in her flat.  He didn’t find it back upstairs in the other flat either.  Frustrated, he stole back into the night, heading for the safe house, hoping to hell that the detective was still there.
And he was gone.
“Not unless I wanna’ be sick.” John replied. He smiled. “I really don’t want a repeat of yesterday.”
“Aw, c’mon, now. It was just starting to get
“She was targeted but not by the Talmasca, although I am sure that if she had defected and threatened the organization in any way that they would have overseen that she was sufficiently neutralized.” David explained.  It gave the impression that David had known about other potential target killings by the organization itself.  “But this was another group entirely.”
Louis lifted the two hundred year old book, still remarkably intact, as if giving a toast, as he spun to face the cherub faced vampire, eternally young, and came to sink into the chair opposite him.  Armand watched his guest lean back, cross his blue jean clad legs, and crack the book open, enamored by the small puff of dust that accompanied the turn of the first couple of pages.  Without lifting his head, the other vampire said simply but earnestly, “Thank you,” as his eyes began to fly across the page with paranormal vigor.
There was a low growl from behind the detective, and he could hear the immortal folding his arms in irritation. “I try not to associate with that bastard as much as possible. Why would I read his damned book?”
“You ‘woke up’ in a shop window?” David asked incredulously, unable to stop himself from repeating the offered information. It sounded just as ridiculous coming out of his mouth as it had his makers.
"Not really my kind of challenge and I do believe that you wear thongs, not panties.  The password on your laptop, however, was much more tempting, even if it was dreadfully easy to crack." He goaded her, loving that she self-consciously turned red before returning to her fuming.  Getting reactions out of normal people was awfully entertaining, even more so when the target tried to hide it.  "Only took three tries in fact.  Fairly unoriginal in the end. I had been expecting something more, given your mild intelligence.  You did finish at the top of your class after all."
John sighed in an attempt to quell his rising agitation.  The doctor rested his elbow against the ledge of the window on the door and propped his chin in his hand, as a yawn came out of him.  Sherlock's brows creased in response and in a darker tone of nothing less than disgust the detective criticized him, "Has your banal lifestyle really left you so tired, John?  We are on the brink of something..."  There was a small hesitation then in the man's voice, which softly trailed off, only to harshly come back in an agonizingly enticing bite, as he whispered, "Something big."
Sherlock growled low in the back of his throat before leaning down to capture the doctor’s lips in a crushing demand. As he controlled the kiss he pulled the trapped hands up above his head in a parody of John’s own earlier actions before transferring both wrists to one grip. His now free hand scored a blazing trail across the sensitive underside of his arm as it travelled down.
"If Mary is dead, then where
The man reached out, his fingers clawing around the thin neck, as those blue eyes shot wide with surprise. As his thumbs pressed knowingly down against the lump of wind pipe, running the length of her throat, her pink tongue shot out of her gaping mouth, sputtering spittle against his cheeks as tried to fight for a breath. The umbrella fell away as her hands swung upward, raking down against his face, pulling at his hair. Her nails cleaved deep trails into his flesh wherever she could reach him but he kept pushing, applying the force necessary to close the windpipe for good.
.” His right hand emphasized this point with a quick snap. “I’d hate to have to pop your little head off for messing up my plans.”
There was a long pause that was filled with the quiet chatter of others in the coffee shop. Louis’ smile was beginning to annoy John and the other vampire was more than aware of it. With a languid stretch, he reached his arms above his head and mimicked a yawn. The human movement was so—human—that John had to remind himself it was fake. Louis was good. John only hoped to have gained even a fraction of this vampire’s ability to blend into the world they could never truly be a part of again.
Tea made Sherlock think of John, of Mrs. Hudson, and of 221B.  He didn't want to think of any of them and proceeded to dismiss the thoughts by picking on his keeper.  "The names Sherlock Holmes." he said, just over top of the mug under his nose.
The doctor swallowed a vile retort, as the dark curly head bobbed up, twitching to the right, as though he were dog, whose sensitive ears had caught the hint of a sound.  John strained to listen to.  What could they hear?  On the wind came the sound of traffic from afar, the rustling of the garbage on the ground, a cat yowling threateningly, a plane in the distance.  As John failed once more to join Sherlock's inquisition he grumbled and took a step back, reclining his shoulder blades against the chilled brick and mortar of the wall closest, eyes trained on the back of those dark curls, and he thought of Mary.
The vampire was disconnected.  A sharp and sudden lashing, like the cracking of whip, searing across the back of his retinas.  He winced and bore the pain, with his fangs clenched.  The desire in the man’s exposed memories had transcended through the connection leaving the immortal consumed with an intense lust and a craving for blood.  The urge to tear from his flat to the one above and consume the mortal was almost too much to restrain.
Somehow there was this tickling thought in the back of John's darkening mind. The recent murders seemed tied some how, there were too many factors at play, the blood-drained victims, the mysterious Americans at the Baker Street flat, people falling out of the sky, and what was the point of his capture?
Fiery trails along his back caused John to break away with a groan, body bowing as pleasure wracked his body.  Sherlock’s cock dug into his stomach as he increased his pace, rubbing himself again arse and balls.
"Out of duty." Sherlock provided.
An ache resonated within the confines of his chest, pulsing with each mechanical thrum of his beating heart.  Was it not strangely ironic that the very organ that pumped the life giving oxygen to every recess of your body would also be the one that was synonymously connected to the strongest physical emotion one could have.  Due to the feeling clawing away at his insides this morning he could rationally agree with the ridiculous sentiment.
Sherlock’s odd eyes seemed to blaze as they stared unblinkingly up at him, lust written in every line and angle of his face. “Fuck me.” The words were whispered on a sigh and he arched up against John once more, rubbing the length of himself across the doctor, enticing him to take everything.
