So he’s not alone. He had been so scared that he was alone. He doesn’t know why – it never scared him before. He tells the person,
(He wonders if Bucky is watching this at home, or if he’s keeping his promise to turn off when Steve comes on.)
Steve holds out a hand. “It was nice – working with you,” he says pointedly. “These past months. Year, I guess. It was nice to get to know you better.”
Would Steve want this? Would he want you to just live the rest of your life here, with no one or nothing but him? Please, Tony you know that’s crazy. Pepper is gone, Rhodey is – he might not ever come back. You need friends, and this is harmless. It’s good for you, this is good for you. Steve would never mind, he would encourage it.
Tony licks his bottom lip. Steve’s pupils blow. “Why’d you love my mouth so much?” Tony asks him, genuinely curious. “What kind of fetish is that?”
“Tony,” the alpha breathes, fucking into him shallowly. “Take it, Tony, you beautiful bitch. Yes, yes – do you like it? Do you like me inside you, Tony?“
Tony thinks, he tells him this because he knows it’s the most important detail. Everything else is secondary.
Steve props his head on his fist while Tony smacks his lips, stretches out his legs. “Sorry to wake you,” he says, quietly. “Figured you’d kill me I let you kill your rhythm again.”
It doesn’t kill him, not straight away – he gives a very feeble attempt at resistance with the side of his head bloody and a little squishy. His grip isn’t great, on account of the broken wrist. Tony kneels over his body, uses his right hand to hit him again, and again; the thuds are dull. Pierce doesn’t scream. Eventually, he’s staring up at him, blinking, mouth twitching slightly like a fish on a hook.
“You shouldn’t have made this personal, Pierce.” Steve’s voice is measured, which is more dangerous than anything. “I think you’ve misjudged.”
goes unsaid. Tony swallows. He’s stroking Steve skin without really thinking about it, mindless comfort. “When you met me,” he says, “what did you think?”
There is light streaming down from above, blocked by leaves, but enough to see around in the gloom. The hole is small, perfectly cylindrical, rock walls and stone beneath his feet. Man made.
Shame burns through him like a heat fever. Stupid bitch. Pierce is a better man than any of them, he doesn’t need
Steve just nods, accepting this. “Give me ten minutes,” he says, fishing out a room card. “I’ll meet you there. Order ahead, get me a – ah, go on. Get me some lobster, would you?”
Lana told him, long ago, about a man driven insane by the loss of his child. His first made. And she had explained, how, she had heard, through her studies, that it would be possible to replace the child’s blood with his makers.
“They will, if they know you’re in the hands of someone who isn’t an Avenger and who’s committed to your care. Your friend Steve is going to cover the cost, and we’ll rent a small place about five miles out of here.”
“My great-niece,” Pierce explains, smiling down him, head haloed in – soft yellow, soft breeze. He brings the freshly mown grass with him, the smell like… like when Tony would sit in the garden with his mom, and he’d make necklaces out of the stems of flowers. “I should probably be returning her to Anna, the children are leaving now, Tony.”
He doesn’t anything against the clubs, inherently; they were good for downtime on shore leave, and it’s good to spend time with other alpha. He likes Tony to be happy. He likes to indulge him. If this takes something off of Tony’s mind, then it’s no questions asked.
Tony lurches his body, rattles the chair. Pierce shushes him. “Well,” he answers, “you haven’t been entirely truthful with him either, Steven. I know you’ve been poking your nose where it didn’t belong. You should have known there would be consequences.”
“I am interesting,” Tony agrees, drowsily. His lips are at his knee, now, and then further up; he scrapes his teeth against the skin above the joint, teasing.
Steve is wracked by something, a shiver, a spasm; he curls tighter, groans. “Oh,” he breathes, pained, voice breathy and soft and scared, bracing his hand on the wall. “It – they – bad. You, Tony.” He wraps his arms around Tony’s back, squeezes him tight –
“You’re drooling,” he says, softly. He lifts the hand that had been balancing Tony’s thigh, drags his index finger through a line of saliva on his chin. He expects him to clear it off, but instead, he just smears it against his cheek.
Still, when Steve starts his shuffling, his quiet ministrations, Tony presses his brow to his collarbones. His breath will be warm on his skin. “Stay,” he says, softly, just softly. In a way he never is, especially not with Steve. Especially not after everything they’ve done.
They don’t want you, the first voice begins to hiss in the back of his skull. You see? What more proof do you need, you’re a burden, a fucking burden you worm, no one wants you alive, no one wants to bother with you, think about how easy it will be for everyone when you’re just gone.
Steve maybe picks up on the change on his scent, the way he holds his chin back, reticent, unwilling. He cups Tony’s nape, strokes him there, his own head tipped back, eyes shut, revelling in the silence.
“Yeah. The hardest choices require strong wills, you know? I mean, unless you wanted me dead, but then – I figure, you wouldn’t be standing in my tower, hugging me.” A brief silence. Tony clears his throat, and flicks his eyes away, the way he does when he’s – shy. Unsure.
“I don’t know. I can’t explain it. Just doesn’t feel right, him taking you up there like that, when you were…”
Tony hadn’t left this bed much in the weeks before the accident. In fact, he’d spent most days lying here, either asleep, pretending to sleep, or surfing the internet. Sometimes he would lacklustrely pick up his work, try to get back to basics, invent simple things, but he would laugh and say whoever thought depression fuelled creativity was an idiot.
Killian rolls up his sleeves and wraps his hands around Tony’s throat. “We’ve met before, you know,” Killian says casually, squeezing. “1999. You don’t remember?”
It’s Sam, this time. Steve hasn’t seen much of him recently. He wasn’t close to Tony, never pretended there was any love lost there, and so he’s probably found it more effective to make himself scarce these past few weeks.
“Did you have something to do with this?” He takes the crumpled paper from his pocket, lays it out on the dash. “Dear Mr Stark,” he begins. “I hope you do not mind the informality of me writing, but I thought it was best you hear it from me before the official proceedings hit the press. As of the day I am writing, May 15th, 2018, you are to receive a lump sum of — a big number of zeros. Did you do this?”
“Oh, fuck you.” Tony spits. He kicks at the table, upends some potatoes onto the floor. “Why I ever thought — I could trust you, or anyone, is unbelievable. There is no one on this earth who could ever, ever, give a shit about me.”
Tony hollows his cheeks slightly, taking Steve deeper, deep enough that Steve can feel the back of his throat. "Oh my God," he gasps "fuck, you're a pro, aren't you Tony? Aren't you? God, what did I do to deserve you, what could I ever do."
“Yeah but I’m…” Tony thinks of Steve, way back when. That seems like decades ago. His whole life feels gelatinous, stretched out like glue. The long years of his childhood, then youth, all the way up to cave. None of that feels real. And then these last ten years…
Also, to the anon who asked if fanworks are okay, absolutely!! You don't need to even ask, just credit.
“And — I know you’re better.” It all comes out abruptly, in a rush. “With your assets unfrozen, with the investigation under way, I know you’ll be acquitted, I’m not — I’m not a PR guru, but I know things will be better now. They’ll be better now, right?”
“What do you reckon,” Bucky grunts, helping him lever it out onto flat ground, “he steal this from T’Challa’s private vault, or synthesise it on a quiet night in?”
“No, it’s not,” Steve presses, voice now slightly challenging. Who’s being interrogated here, him or Steve?! “It says in your file, you were fifteen the first time. I was reading all this stuff about imprinting, and cultural control – “
“I’m sorry,” Steve says quietly, into his skin. “If I scared you. When I don’t stay – that’s why. I’m sorry, I should have known better, but – I was weak. When you have someone willing in your bed, and it’s warm, and… I should have known better.”
“I don’t have anyone else,” Steve blurts. “There’s no one else who could — you’re the only one left with experience. Please, Sam.”
“I thought I left my watch,” Tony lies, blatantly, as if he hasn’t just been lying here with his legs spread, fucked out and dozy, watching the florescent lights. “Have you seen it?”
The doctor pads away, but Tony’s mouth is still so dry. If he strains hard enough, he can see the cup, sitting on the bedside table, still full. He licks his lips, tries to roll towards it. He cannot move.
Which sounds perfect, really. Tony fades out, drifting like a stone across a sea of cotton. He's jarred -- not massively -- by the wet drag of something soft across his brow. Cold, too. Soothing. He feels his breathing deepen.
“No,” Steve says quietly, and the relief is stinging. “We bought it. T’challa bought it, as it is. It’s untouched.”
Standing, he stumbles to the cabinet, wrist tucked against his chest. He picks out a single-malt, pulls the stopper with his teeth. Downs it quick, wincing. The pain is going to hit him, soon, and he doesn’t want to be here when it does.
“I suppose that’s just the kind of man he is,” Pierce, again, says mostly to himself. He hears him sigh, and then mindlessly, rest his hand on the back of Tony’s neck.
“But, that’s not good enough,” he sighs heavily. “I thought something was wrong, felt it – I know you think us betas don’t have that instinct, but we do. I do, at least. I remember, that night Pierce took you to his office. Now, I’m not saying I knew, but – my gut
“You going to – make me a shit sandwich?” Tony grunts. He braces his forearm against the table, allows himself to lean forward just a little, letting his brown-and-gold feathers relax on either side of him. He’s letting his guard down. He can’t help it. Steve really does give the most amazing massages.
“Hold on. Hold on I hear someone at the door,” he hears Sarah saying, muffled, frantic. She appears in the hallway, hastily dressed in a robe, hair a mess on her head. “It’s him!” She says to her phone “Fuck he’s here. I’m sorry Steve, I thought maybe he’d — I’ll update you later.”
think? He feels a little sick to his stomach, all too soon. Steve’s in a hospital bed, and what’s Tony doing? Shaving his fucking head? Like a – like a kid, going through a rebellious kick. Steve will want to come back to someone nice, and kind, and
Steve is already moving. “Room service,” the waiter says, and Steve tells him he’ll take it from here.
It wouldn’t be hard, he thinks, to leave. He wouldn’t owe either of them anything, not Fury, not Rogers. He could stand up, start walking, hit the edge of town in the next half hour. He’d be in his tower by dawn.
“You did,” Pierce says, carefully. “Although – you realise what happened, at that base. The Captain killed his men.”
Natasha carefully edges him to the seat furthest from from the pilot’s seat, straps him in and gives him a cursory once over, checks the wound in his side.
“Right. The whole concept of a sit-down dinner kinda goes over my head. I’ve never – I mean, Rhodey and Pepper, but who has a dinner with their friends – ”
He had known to expect this, Tony’s weight, his reluctance to talk. The doctor had told him over the phone that Tony was refusing to eat, that he wouldn’t pick up what they gave him and would spit out what they forced him. And so they had placed him on a feeding tube until he finally realised that, no, they weren’t going to let him die, and so he could either continue being fed by IV for the rest of his life or make that life a little easier.
When he comes back to himself, what must be a few days later, he feels better than he expected. Weirdly rested, like someone’s stretched out his limbs and buffeted him with cotton, even though Steve’s not here. His smell is here. Stitched into the pillows, and how about that?
Gus turns his head, presses his cheek to the flat of the table. “But when they came for her — Nazis, you see. They have such strict rules on genetics. Did you know that they would send someone to Auschwitz just for having one Jewish grandparent? And they saw, they saw my wife. Someone must have told them, those were the times, no one was safe. Everyone spied. But they saw my wife, and they took my children.”
“You had a scare earlier. You were shown a very compromising picture of yourself. In that picture, I know that people were hurting you. Shh, settle, Tony. Settle,” he grips Tony’s hair, pushes his head into the pillow, “breathe,” he urges.
“It’s not that I like the silence,” Steve admits. He rests his hands on Tony’s waist, squeezes slightly. “It’s not even that – I don’t know. It’s not even that I don’t like you talking. Sometimes, I like you talking. When you talk about the things you’re interested in, even though I don’t get it. Or politics – you can be wicked sharp when you’re talking about politics.”
“So he went ahead and started to talking to people. We got a written confession out of Wanda, alongside another proclamation of innocence for
Tony picks at the buttons of his shirt, purposefully drops it off his shoulders. “He asked for me, Nick,” he tells him, plaintively. “What am I supposed to do?”
It is typical. The fact he let those things happen to him, back then, the fact that there are still photos (of course there are, you idiot, do you think people like that are the kind of people to stick to their word?), the fact that it’s just one more fuck up in a long line of fuck ups. Tony, who can’t keep it in his pants, Tony, who sleeps with other alpha on date night. Jesus, he’s sick. He’s so fucking sick.
Tony sniffs. He licks his thumb, dabs at crumbs on his plate. “You got someone else to do the plumbing?” Plumbing. That’s what Tony calls it, all the nitty-gritty tech-work he does that Steve doesn’t understand.
He finds himself, lying face down on the ground. Pokes him with his toes. “Hey,” he starts, “wake up.”
Steve stretches out his arm across the back of the sofa, enough that Tony feels covered, secure. “I’m not saying this to be mad, or judgemental,” he starts, “I just need to know. Did you– at all, anything – with him?”
“No,” Tony admits, “I think he’s old fashioned. Or maybe – he’s a good guy, right? But I think he thinks I’m some kind of… I don’t know. Maybe it’s a family thing, you know? He’s just looking out for me.”
Tony closes his eyes, rests his head on Steve's shoulder. "Let's sleep." He murmurs. "Let's just," he sighs "sleep. And we can talk in the morning."
He’s used to the warmth. In heat, your dreams are bright and lurid, all crystalized and blurring simultaneously. A fever isn’t so different. Same physical process, or thereabouts. In his haze, Tony likes to imagine that he’s sweating out all of it. Every single touch, or scent, or fluid. It’s all oozing out of him, like pus from a wound.
But something had changed, in the year that Steve had been away. Tony’s eyes were often empty when open. When he laughed, it was delayed. When he smiled, it never reached his eyes. At night, he would kiss Steve on the cheek, roll onto his side, and nothing more. The first time they made love post-civil war, Tony barely made a sound, sighed when he came, and cleaned himself up with clinical efficiency.
Steve softens. “That’s all I want to hear,” he admits, “all I want to know is that you want to get better, Tony.”
Gus chuckles, a low, broken sound. “Don’t be stupid, Captain. Why would Diana do that? You were part of her grand plan, she wouldn’t want to lose you down the rabbit hole.”
“Is that so?” She says, and it’s the first time her voice has taken on a cruel edge. “Then what does it feel like to be taken down by someone who doesn’t even rank?”
A beat. “I used to think that you were good. I mean — that you were kind, and — and that nothing could come close to you. Certainly not me.”
Tony tries to pull away, whimpering. Steve holds his head between his hands, forces him to look forward. “At me,” he says, calmly. “Don’t mind anyone else. Don’t mind what anyone else says.”
“No, there’s been a change in order. He’s taking the car now, security reasons. Tell him another jet will be sent to pick him up from a secure location, they just need to put some distance between him and us first.”
*Just a note – omegas don’t use Mr or Miss/Mrs, they go by ‘From’ when uncontracted and ‘Of’ when contracted.
“Well it’s been about two months, sweetheart. And – for what it’s worth, HYDRA isn’t here. No one is trying to kill you.”
room, a room Steve has made for himself. More intimate than his apartment in the tower (they always used Tony’s bed, anyway.)
He frowns. “Nothing. Or – I don’t know. He doesn’t tell me anything,” he slurs. “Why, are you mad at him?”
“It might have a mild hallucinogenic effect at this concentration,” Pierce concedes. “You should try to avoid panicking.”
“Fell in with a rough crowd, huh?” Steve is pressing kisses along his jaw. Tony turns his head to give him better access.
Tony smacks his arm, playful. “Check you, with the sense of humor. Finally got that stick out of your ass, huh?”
Steve drinks tea, now. He couldn’t tell you exactly when he made the switch – two years ago? Maybe three? After that mess with the junkie with Kree tech. Or maybe it was after the New Marxists tried to level Manhattan.
But he’s not awake. He clamps his hands over his ears, rolls and gets the sheet twisted around his waist. Tony tries to scramble back, shielding his eyes from the glare. “Jarvis!” He screams, “turn it off!”
“I’ll look over it,” Tony lies, distractedly. Steve’s jaw is stiff, his shoulders are tense. The tips of his ears are turning pink.
“Aww,” Tony simpers, “little me, shouldn’t drink alcohol?” He hiccups. “Stupid fucking omegas with fucked up physiologies, who need to be good and kind always shouldn’t
Steve thinks, because all of them, each and every one, are voicing something he couldn’t articulate. It’s important. It’s important that he’s mourned by everyone, that everyone knows what he did, what he sacrificed.
He tips his head to the side, exhales smoke, eyes soft. He checks his watch. “It won’t be hard,” he says again, reassuringly. “After a few months, after a year – you won’t even think about what you’ve lost. You’re so responsive. You’ll always do what makes your alpha happy.”
Strange has cleaned up well-enough. He floats them chai in his study, goes to the effort of pouring it by hand, maybe to avoid looking at Steve directly. "So," he says, "congratulations are in order."
choices. Fury – he’s clearly trying to tell me to back off, because he thinks you act impulsively and do things you regret, but I think – Tony, I think I act impulsively. And I do things I regret.”
Hah, the first voice sneers in return. Just someone else who needs to be paid to spend time with you.
“Of course,” Tony snorts. “You go apeshit, maybe get put in a cell overnight. There are lots of people who’d like to see that.”
Steve’s cupping him with one hand, waiting. Urgently, Tony flicks his eyes past his head; they’re alone. This is a mistake, but. But.
“Because you chose him.” Tony says simply, burrowing closer, pulling the heavy duvet up over both of them. “Because you chose Bucky. And I can’t forget that.”
he’ll say, and Tony will make those sweet, soft noises that he’s making now, so vulnerable and yet so totally, fucking safe. “Oh,” he says, he
“No,” Steve pleads, because he realises what this will be before it’s even shown, “no, don’t you dare, don’t you – “
Tony has to get onto the floor. His thoughts connect this, loosely. He’s omega, so he kneels. Pierce likes this, he knows. Pierce steps forward. His boots step into the soaked-out whiskey. He kicks the knife away, and it skitters under the couch.
“You poor thing.” She says, and Tony shifts on the covers, presses his head closer into the furs under his bare skin. He doesn’t want to think, doesn’t want to talk. He’s happy to just let those toying fingers continue while he eases himself back down.
As usual, I love to hear how you think the characters are coming across? So Diana and Natasha and whoever else. It's a big help!
I'M SORRY FOR BEING SO SHITTY AND LITERALLY NOT UPDATING IN A MONTH I AM ACTUAL SCUM but please enjoy also warning for death and maybe suicidal ideation, just in case.
Steve is scrubbing him, furiously. Starts at the shoulder, down his arm, all the way to the tips of his fingers. Between his fingers. Removing any trace, scent, residue, of anyone at all. Tony – feels himself slipping, and slipping, and slipping. His head is on Steve’s shoulder.
But I was wrong. If you grow up to be like your father, so be it. It will be my own doing. A child needs love, a child needs respect. I sent you away. I forgot birthdays and Christmasses, I told you awful things. If you can forgive me for anything, even if you can't let go of my neglect, please try and forget the things I told you. When I sick, when I was drunk, the mind goes to a nasty, dead place. Please don't remember me like that.
Tony strokes his arm, the place he had slapped. Soothing. Gentle. With little pretence. “Yeah, well I get that, Steve.”
“Nick wants you in DC,” Tony says, shortly, tired of the games. “You’d be heading up a team. It would be regular work. I think you should go.”
He slams the door behind him, braces his hands on the wood. Breathe, breathe, you’re fine. Why are you panicking? Why are you panicking, there’s nothing to –
For someone of your age to be sleeping on a shack floor eating military rations, is what he wants to say. It’s not like Tony is old-old. But if he was in the military, he’d have moved to desk work a while back.
Gus blinks. His eyes have gone hazy, blank. Steve crouches, squeeze his shoulder. “Augustus, can this kill you?”
Maybe Steve can tell he’s getting tetchy, because he smooths his brow down against his chest, wipes back damp hair. “I don’t mind,” he says, “I know it’s important to you.”
The next chapter might be a while? I'm not sure, I am having a lot of fun writing but still, real life beckons. I'll see if maybe I can avoid it a bit longer.
Tony – just blinks, for a while. Pierce’s thumb nail is scratching against the short hairs on his nape. “Fury?” he asks, slowly. “I don’t understand.”
He digs the tip of his shoe, the hard point where the sole meets leather, against Tony’s stretched hole. Rubs it there, and Tony hates himself, loves it, but hates himself, when he sits himself off his heels to lower himself against the leather as best he can, just for the sensation of something hard and thick pushing against the soft, needy flesh.
Tony smirks. He fishes it out. The photo ID for Steve is a picture from a textbook, his face grinning with red, chipmunked cheeks. About as far from the Steve Tony knows as he can get. “Hello?” He answers calmly, watching Ty’s eyes.
“Thanks,” Tony says, only mildly suspicious. The helicarrier is manned by a ghost crew, practically – what the hell went on here? “Where is he? Is he – “
that special injection, huh?” Tony wheedles. “You think you could have got someone like me when you were 90lbs soaking wet?”
"I don't feel comfortable using you as an emotional scapegoat, Tony. What happens if I zone out and, I don't know, go nuts."
“I’m not lying. Tony I love you. I fucking love you, and we can leave, both of us. We can do it now — “
So what will you do? Can I offer advice? Can I even presume to do that? Listen, Tony, because this it the only piece of advice I will ever give you: don't follow your father. Don't become a lonely patriot. Don't become an alcoholic. This is all self-explanatory. But Tony, please, if I can say one thing, do not let your pride be your undoing. Not like Howard. Don't refuse help, never refuse help. If you are so lucky to find someone who wants to help you, take it. If you ever -- God forbid -- find yourself low, do not be afraid to ask for help. Howard never did. He never does. He's dying because his drinking has drilled holes in his liver and he never wanted to ask for help.
He settles on the couch; he legs poke over the end almost comically. He doesn’t sleep, and neither does Tony.
“You might think that. I’m alpha. I know what we think. Most of those alphas out there will never get a chance with an omega like you. It might not be a weakness, but it makes you vulnerable.”
Steve had always thought he was more invested in their relationship than Tony. Tony, he thinks, always viewed Steve as a secret, and a dirty one at that. It’s not that Tony was anti what he was, it’s not that Tony viewed homosexuality, bisexuality, the in-between, as wrong, it’s just that he was practical. Tony didn’t want the stress, and if Steve was honest, neither did he. He didn’t want himself defined by who he liked to fuck; once upon a time, that information would have ruined him. Now, it would define him, it would politicise him more than he could handle, and other than random spurts of guilt when it comes to all the good he could do for the community, the controversy he would cause has always held him back.
Steve isn’t really one for parties, Tony has learned. At least, not parties where the main aim is to schmooze, and make small-talk. Tony thinks… Steve is probably the kind of alpha that likes a fucking punch-up. Smokey rooms and pool, too much cheap alcohol and even cheaper omegas. The uptight room full of brass and their wives probably isn’t his style.
The bathtub is old, a shade of olive, limescale in the corners that are built into the wall, black mould. The water is up to his waist. He’s sitting. It’s warm, and steaming. His head is bowed, shoulders slumped, arms limp on his thighs. There’s dripping water. Drip. Drip. Drip.
Steve is silent. Then, he lifts his hand, squeezes Tony’s shoulder. “I’m sorry I couldn’t do more,” he says, quietly. “Have a good Christmas, Tony.”
The room’s noise dips, Steve feels eyes on him. “A joke,” he says, and the chatter resumes, more strained than before.
He just wanted this to work, is all. He had thought – if he had Steve, he would be happy. That he might be happy, with someone like that, who kisses his cheek before he goes to work, and cuts up his toast into little squares when he makes him breakfast. Why did he think he even deserved it? And what has he done – why would something that good ever happen to someone like him?
he snarls, and his eyes are red. “What you are, as if you can’t stop it, or control it, or you have no fucking choice at all, you’re just – put on this earth to let people use you, and instead of trying to change it, or fight against it, you have
After Tony had secured their pardons, he had been one of the official welcome team that had stood outside the White House to usher Steve, Clint, Sam, Wanda, Natasha, Bucky and Scott back home.
“Well, that’s good,” Pepper chides, patting her along, “because you’re gonna help Mommy lay the table.”
Steve had known, objectively, that Tony was unwell. He had ben told that, he had prepared for it. He had thought…
Pepper Potts is standing in the kitchen when Steve wakes up. She kisses him once on the cheek, perfunctory, and flattens his hair down on his head. They were closer, once, when he and Tony were lovers. Pepper was one of the few who shared in that relationship, who was actually informed it was happening. They had been friends.
Coffin isn’t heavy, but then, Tony wasn’t a heavy man. He never did get back that mass he lost those awful few weeks after the decimation. He had no reason to – he wasn’t planning on fighting. Still, Steve remembers him before. The first time he saw him, even, young, or at least, younger; he had been healthy. He had been strong.
Tony can't swallow. He feels his heart pounding in his chest as the moment hangs there, unable to work up the right words to articulate what he's feeling. Time passes, and Steve just stares at him. Tony blinks, rapidly, sweat tickling the back of his neck, water cooling off his legs.
Steve laughs, pulls back. He’s crying, and Tony is staring at him like he’s crazy. “Right,” he agrees, “no, I know. I just wanted to thank you, you know? I feel like – I said some stuff, back there, that, uh,” his throat is raw, he swallows back tears, “I didn’t mean. You know I didn’t mean it, don’t you? All that stuff about – wires, and sacrifice, and whatever.”
Sam sucks his teeth. “Alright then. Well I tried. But I’m here. We’ve — we’ve already lost someone, Steve. We don’t need to lose another.”
“I — “ what can Steve say? He wants to be here. In his head, he had thought — he doesn’t know. That Tony would have mellowed by Christmas. That he would be better. That there would be a chance of —
The human’s suit tries to wrap around him, but it was damaged in the fight. Frail, he tries to crawl away, to lie himself out on the rock and wait to die. Nebula rolls her eyes. “Don’t you have
He’s standing there, in the doorway. One of his eyes is bruised, like it’s been swollen shut, and there’s a cut on his cheek. He’s standing at a weird angle, like maybe he has a limp. But he’s smiling. And Tony doesn’t care. He doesn’t care, he doesn’t even care.
There’s an awkward moment where — Steve can see, it’s on Natasha’s lips — where she almost says ‘he’s not here anymore, so it doesn’t matter’. But she curtails herself before she can open her mouth and cause irreparable damage. “I know,” she says gently. “But I’ve called the old firm, and they’re sending a new cleaner. So you won’t have to worry about it, okay?”
“It’s a lady friend,” one of the younger nurses says with a smile. “You know, you really are lucky to have so many people who care about you.”
Pierce tsks. Tips ash in the tray. Tony hears him cross his legs, one to the other. “Anyway,” he sighs, like he never heard him, “as I was saying to our sweet Tony earlier: let’s talk psychology.”
“I would protect you, Tony.” His voice is so soft, so earnest. “All those things you feel you need to do, to keep yourself safe, to keep ahead of the curve, in control. You wouldn’t have to, if you had me.”
“I’d,” Steve groans, pulling out, fisting himself, watching Tony’s sloppy red mouth cough and drool his pre-come down his chin, “keep you,” he says, pushing back in, the wet sound of fucking thick in the air, “on your knees always, you know that? Fury would agree. We could work out an arrangement, some kind of – contract.”
“Was Gamora,” she says. “Quill was the leader of the Guardians. Drax was an oaf. Mantis was an idiot. But they were a team. I’ll say their names,” she decides. “They’re gone, but they were here, once.”
"Steve," Tony says, wrapping himself in a robe "I can deal, okay? I've handled hundreds of drops on my own, I don't need you now."
“Well,” Pierce says, that warm, friendly voice, “I’m sure you can make up for it. Rogers will be joining us tonight, I trust you’ll make sure Tony’s good and ready.”
so yeah. i don't know if pierce's vague intentions are any clearer but..... there u go i guess. i always said this story would be dark af. although happy ending, always.
He puts in an order with the kitchen, lobster with garlic butter and two portions of fries for Steve, a spaghetti for Tony. He thinks about Dalcher, older now, and how many years it’s been. She was always kind to him, out of all of them. She taught him so much.
Tony smiles back, echoes him. His robe has fallen open. He realises – that his arms and legs don’t work. That they’re too heavy to move. He tries to lift his arm to cover himself, and – very slowly, very detached, he can twitch his fingers. Maybe make his hand into a fist. “Hmm?” He frowns down at himself, and then back at Pierce.
Maybe he hasn’t left his apartment in three weeks. He knows what people will say, when they see him; they’ll apologise to his face, and then laugh behind his back. Tony has been having bad dreams, where he’s burnt and charred and naked on the floor, begging them for help, but instead they point and take pictures and drink champagne over his head.
“Don’t understand?! Tony, someone — was it Wanda? She’s covered by the treaty, isn’t she? Do you think — “
“Okay,” Steve croaks. “Okay, steady. That’s it.” He slides his arms beneath Tony’s legs, his shoulders, lifts; his body drapes, head back, lifeless. No one moves, and because Steve is supposed to lead, he tells Rhodes, quietly, “Take Pepper. Get her something for the shock. I’ll make sure – he’s comfortable.”
He handles the helmet delicately, caresses the metal with his thumb. Cruel irony, he thinks; looking at it reminds him of Tony’s white face, the charred right side of his body. Foreshadowing, is the word he’s looking for. He strokes his fingers down the carved out metal, shuts his eyes.
Tony smiles, hazy. As if he didn’t already know that. Still, it’s sweet Steve thought to enlighten him. “You’re a good man, Rogers,” he sighs, folding himself against his side.
Tony’s heart is in his throat. “I don’t know,” he tells him, carefully. It’s as close as he can get to,
She’s sitting on their porch, her arms folded, swinging in the large hammock Tony installed during the height of summer. “Are you going to miss it?” She asks.
So Steve's logic is pretty sound: subs are more receptive when they're under. Steve is going to mend the damage.
“That’s enough,” he says abruptly. His fingers, light at the back of his head, loosening the gag and dragging it away. Tony rolls his jaw, hears it crack. “Thanks,” he says.
“You haven’t show me anything to the contrary,” Tony tells him, blasé, like he’s isn’t intimately aware of Steve’s breath, the touch of his skin on his arm.
Steve feels a sudden swell in his chest, a rush of affection and love. He stands, tilts Tony's chin up, and kisses him softly, chastely, while Tony sighs against his lips. "Bed," he says "just you and me. And we'll see what I can do about this." Steve grasps at Tony's length, the other man thrusting slightly into his hand, gasping. "I just want to take care of you tonight, Tony," he draws away "I want to give something back."
Also, if this is filled with more mistakes than usual it's because i've been working on it at ridiculous hours of the morning and words are just kinda blurring together.
She’s wrong, the first voice whispers. Or she’s lying. She’s with them. They all want you dead, they’re all out to get you, torture you, they all want you to suffer –
The room is cast in red, and Steve is straddling his waist, hands on the side of his shoulders, shaking him. “Where am I?” He grunts, rattling him against the mattress, “Where the fuck am I?”
When his eyes open, the line between the dream and reality is blurred. The room is dark and warm. He hears crying, and then realises, it’s himself, crying out.
Tony agrees. If Pierce says it’s not safe, it’s not safe. “Easy now,” he’s saying, “I’m can’t pick you up, From Stark, so can you stand? If not, Rumlow will help, won’t you Brock?”
Fury’s lips twitch upwards. “Fine,” he says, kicking the shredder underneath his desk, depositing the file. “You got me. I bat for you. But can I show you something spooky?”
The flinch is quick, sudden, and Tony comes down from it fast enough that he prays Steve doesn't even notice. But he notices, of course he notices, he's a soldier. It's his job to be responsive.
“I don’t think he tells you everything,” Pierce repeats, loosening his tie while Tony’s forgotten how to speak. “You’d be surprised what alpha keep to themselves.”
His voice is firm, and reassuring. Tony nods. He slips forward, face-plants back into Pierce’s shoulder.
“He needs help,” another voice chimes in, low and strong. “Who are we if we turn him away? What the hell are we if we do that, after everything? Where does he have to go?”
“Good. Don’t forget. And don’t leave it, either, I don’t want him to — I have to go. Tell him bye, and I miss him already.”
He isn’t smiling. His face is flat, and hollow. “So it turns out, in the end, Dumbledore only kept Harry alive because he needed to die so everyone else could live, right? Which I thought was such a – such a
“I didn’t say that.” Tony is only half teasing, now. “Just curious, my steady alpha friend. What’s gotten into you? Have a fight on the way home? A bust-up on the street? Or did the little omega oldies at the care-home turn you on?” He says, mildly malicious.
“You’re an idiot,” Tony bites back, lunging up to wrap his arms around Steve’s shoulders. “God, you’ll believe anything,” he breathes, grinding himself against his belly.
That butters him up, slightly. He allows himself a small smile. “Yeah, well. I will not rest ‘til the scourge of, uh…”
“You want to fight?” Thor asks quietly. “You stand here, in the tower that was once your home, without the man who built it, and you argue? While he is still fresh in the ground?”
He thinks she’s trying to shock him. Doesn’t she realise he doesn’t care? It’s not that he wants the pain; he doesn’t. He is scared. He does not want to spend the rest of his life down here being carved into by a maniac. If he’s honest with himself, there’s a part of him that wants to sink to his knees and beg. But he won’t. Doesn’t she understand that he doesn’t care that she wants revenge? Can’t she see that?
"Tony," Steve is breathing, nose against nose, cheek against his cheek "are you okay? Answer, sweetie, give me an answer, anything."
“I heard you went home with Don Murray last night,” Steve says conversationally, pouring him another glass; he’s bent over the sink, so he doesn’t see Tony shiver.
See, they’d all held him there, too. Touched him on his neck, carded their fingers in his hair and pulled. Stroked, too – petted, like a dog.
So she takes them to where the cast-offs are kept. Big, slobbering dogs, fat small ones, dogs that people don’t generally choose unless wanting to look charitable. Dogs missing an eye, a leg, dogs with permanent limps.
Why would they want him? Why would they need him? Built for his structure, what does mean? Was it targeted, an assassination attempt, why is
They meet, one evening. It’s snowing, and the flakes are thick in the orange glow of the street lamp. Steve waits on the bridge, hands in pockets. Tony appears not long after, his Land Rover making deep tracks in the snow.
“There is no one here,” Thor says, simply, “who would not be corrupted by that gauntlet. It ruins. I will destroy it, as well as any man that wears it. It brings no good into the world.”
“I will,” Pierce smiles at him, gently, letting open the door. “Here. Nice and safe now, hmm? Why don’t you put yourself on the bed, I’ll get some water.”
“It wasn’t,” Steve agrees. He’ll talk to Strange, separately. “I’m sorry. It’s rough that he – was taken from you like that.”
It's loud. Tony winces, tries to back away from the abrasive noise, the jarring light. Fucking hell, did he go on a bender? His head, his fucking head -- there are bright spots of light shining in his vision, cutting, like a sharp noise. He tries to shut it up, although he's vaguely aware that light doesn't make noise.
He starts with the floors, mops them clean. The counters, too – hot water and vinegar, like his Mom taught him, although he hasn’t had to use it since. He gets under Nick’s feet trying to clean the table, and washes each dish, cup, and pot deeply, soaks them in bleach until the layer of grease that coats them sheds away.
Steve screams at Natasha when he gets back to HQ. “They just — took it!” He spits “No one even asked us, we weren’t notified, and why would they take it down, Stark Industries is still the future, we all know that — “
“Apologise to him?” Steve prompts. “He’s one of mine. Where I come from, the only way this ends is you set it right, or we settle it with our fists. What will it be?”
He twists, looks over his shoulder at the elevator doors sliding open. Steve might have been waiting a long time. He’s anything if not persistent. He raises a hand, as if in greeting, and Tony watches his face for any sign of – disgust. But he probably rehearsed hiding it, earlier. Tony would.
Tony's brain seems to process this, and then all at once push him up to speed. "I am concussed." He announces.
“You shouldn’t threaten me, Rumlow,” Tony smiles, knocking twice on the door. “Steve doesn’t like it. It raises his blood pressure.”
“Me, you, and Mosely, Tony. I’m not sure of the — you know, legal aspect. I don’t think you’ll be cleared as sound of mind, but if you could get your last next of kin to make me your new next of kin — “
“Tony,” Steve says, and he rests his book on the couch “listen to me. You can’t let this happen again. You have to tell me about things like this, I can’t – I know you want peace and quiet. I know that, so I won’t call the cops, okay? I’ll have him blacklisted and drop a line to the hospital but – you need to tell me. Please. Tell me so I can help you.”
“Tony, I never realised there was something you could do that was physically un-arousing, but I think I found it.”
Tony makes a hysterical noise. “You’re asking me? Aren’t you — they said you were dead, brain dead. They said you were —
He sees Steve’s hand coming up for his other wrist, tries to dodge; naturally, he fails, lets Steve hold his arms firm. “Is this what it’s all been about?” He asks and, yeah, definitely lust now. “You just want a good fuck, Stark?”
“You need to repay us, Tony,” they tell him, sternly. “Enough of that – look at me.” He taps his cheek with his fingers. “Are you listening? You need to repay us. Because of what the Captain has done. So that he’ll never do it again.”
Steve goes quiet, slightly, and Tony's internal scales for judging his dom's mood falls flat. "Steve?" He says "Steve I -- I was joking. I'm joking, I didn't -- "
He likes to do Tony’s face from memory. Keep it fresh. It’s one of the only times he can feel close to happy, now.
“Is your leg broken?” Steve asks, feeling down the bone, grimacing when he feel Gus tense, wrenching a scream from his mouth. “Sorry,” he says “I’ll take that as a yes.”
“I know that you’re a genius. I know you used to be happy. I know – “ what, Steve, what, that he still has it in him? Why don’t you think before you fucking speak, he tried to kill himself, he’s not going to get better overnight just because you get down on one knee and tell him you love him.
“You shouldn’t have,” Tony starts, politely. The room is listing slightly, like he’s drunk. Pierce pulls open a drawer in a writing desk, fishes out a pretty bottle, lid tied with a pink bow.
Again, comment on OC's are loved! I really like to hear what you guys think of them and I promise there will be more plot in the next chapter
Tony shakes his head, rapidly. “No,” he says, “he trusts you. He knows you were just helping, he just – gets jealous. He’s very protective,” Tony explains, “and… uh, he’s very protective. He wanted me to come here. He told me to come. Because he trusts you.”
“But I don’t know how to fix it,” he says, and his voice is so quiet, almost a whisper. Tony has the awful, sinking feeling, that he’s trying to mask a croak. “I never used to be like this, Tony.”
He’s standing, near enough plastered against the window, hands behind his back. But it’s a dominance move, a clear one, because it means Tony can see the sheer breadth of his wings, from his shoulder-blades all the way to the tips of his primaries. Sheer white, straight out of a propaganda poster for a Nazi eugenics programme. Although Steve would probably balk at the thought. That’s just how good he is.
“I don’t think he tells you everything,” Pierce says, as they step through the double doors into the salon. He pauses, brushes down Tony’s lapels. Tony gets distracted.
Tony doesn’t have fight in him to push it. “Okay,” he agrees. Steve’s blood scents like home. And it disturbs him.
“You’re just so… so… solid. You don’t even know how much I trust you, Steve. You don’t even realise how little I trust alphas in general.”
“That’s it,” Steve is saying, mostly to himself, because he still has Tony’s cheek smushed into the floor, “ugh, God, that’s it.” He pushes in, and it’s like – he’s big. He’s big, Tony always assumed he would be, but assuming and knowing are too different things. They both groan, Tony tightens, for a brief few seconds it seems like maybe they’ve reached an accord in the pursuit of mutual pleasure.
He sits back on his heels, draws a hand across his sloppy chin. “I’m sorry,” he rasps, eyes cast down, voice like a truck across gravel, “I hope you accept my – “ he has to cough, come at the back of his throat, “my reparation,” he finishes, massaging his throat.
After some time, he lightly reaches out, grips his knee. It feels bony under his hands, weak, even though – Tony isn’t weak, not physically. At least, he doesn’t look it. Getly, then, he shakes him awake.
He’s worn out when he gets back – he’d had to chase Mosely down on a few occasions – and so goes straight to the study where he knows Sarah will probably already be waiting with a coffee Steve has made her. There are two cups today, and Sarah is smiling. “I figured you’d be cold,” she said. “If you can pick it up with both hands there’ll be extra cream.”
It doesn’t hurt, not exactly. Tony doesn’t know what he said that was wrong. Was it something he did? He pulls on his pants silently, awkwardly. He opens his mouth to say, ‘okay, have a nice night,’, but no words come out. Steve isn’t even looking at him. So he just leaves.
“It’s not a problem, Tony. Stop thinking it’s a problem. I don’t have any other clients tomorrow, it’s fine. I mean – “ Tony notes the Sarah’s accent is especially thick when she’s nervous “ – will you be okay? In the city?”
Tony doesn’t vomit when he’s drunk. He can handle his liquor a lot better than that; he’s been drinking since he was fourteen. He tells Steve this, and Steve sort of sighs, rolls up to the bar and pours him a cup of water in a crystal whiskey glass.
She tugs Tony forward, pushes him slightly, letting him stumble. “The wizard said he was important. Has to be important, because he traded the stone for his life.”
Obviously, it kills the maker. And the blood doesn’t so much as flow through veins as be absorbed by the child’s body. Giving him life. Because that’s how Tony was made, wasn’t he? A tumble in the sheets, and the Gus had pressed his head to his neck, and Tony has sucked, and tasted, and changed.
Slowly, Steve eases himself back down against the headboard. Tony tucks himself back under his arm, pulls the sheets around the both of him, exhales contentedly. “Are you mad?” Steve can’t help himself asking, anxiously.
There’s an awkward, sticky silence, and for a moment, Tony just can’t think why. “Yeah,” Steve says. “Yeah. Yeah, I’ll – see you, Tony. Next week.”
“Alright. Get comfy. I have some spare toothbrushes under the sink, and you can wear one of my shirts. If you give me your clothes, I can have them washed by tomorrow.”
Tony waits for a rebuttal, for some part of him to quell those fears, but no rebuttal is forthcoming, and he realises that the voice is right. It doesn’t matter what happens, he’ll never be left alone again. They’ll never give him peace again, even if he’s allowed to go back to the house, they’ll smear him and mock him in the press, and it’s not that he cares, it’s just that it means he won’t be able to live his life at all.
Tony tsks, takes back his hand. “Stop it,” he teases. “You’re much more than that. You’re my – concubine. It’s practically an official position.”
“Mmm,” Tony agrees, letting the baby grip his fingers, babble happily. This one is sweet. Someone had given her to him, and he’s lost the mother. He’ll hold onto her as long as he can. Pierce’s garden smells sweet, like roses, freshly mown grass. Tony puts his nose to the baby’s head, inhales; she smells sweet, too. Perfect, like – like powder and strawberry soap.
The human hasn’t moved. While Nebula scoured the earth for anything – weapons, perhaps another who wasn’t taken by the dust – the human sat there, pathetically, and wept. She doesn’t pity him. She had admired him, briefly; going toe to toe with Thanos is not an easy feat, and it takes bravery – balls, as Quill would have said.
“Yeah,” Steve agrees, heavily. It sounds like he swallows, hard. “Duty. I actually – about that. The helicarrier – “
After, when the thanks have been said and Ty is preening, charming the brass, he’s taking Tony’s wrist. He jerks his chin. “What’s that?” He asks. “Make a lover mad?”
He really is in the old world, huh? Tony doesn’t think now is the right time to educate him on the sexual mores of breed terminology.
He moves on to Tony’s tie, undoing the knot and sliding it across his shoulders, shoving it in his back pocket. “One day,” he continues, plucking at the buttons of Tony’s shirt, “Buck’s satchel goes missing. Now, he doesn’t remember so well, because he was drunk out of his damn head, but he knows for sure he and the pretty bitch were fooling around, drinking, smoking, having fun. And after he wakes up, the bitch is missing, and his satchel – with everything, all his money, his tickets, his photographs from home? – all gone.”
Strange shrugs a shoulder. "More power to you, Captain," he says. "I would, if I were in your shoes. The bad news is, I can't tell you exactly. Could this whole mess have been avoided? Probably. All I'm going to say is you can't keep looking for constant do-overs. If you screw over the next timeline, don't you dare think about slapping your palm back into another. You get one do-over, understand?"
Steve sits up, on guard, tense, waiting for Gus to pounce out of the shadows. He catalogues quickly his injuries, finds himself sore but mercifully unhurt. If Gus attacked now, in his weakened state, Steve might have a chance.
“Why not? It’s how I make connections, Steve. I use what I have, I’ve – “ he holds up his hands, “I’ve always been incredibly honest about what I am – “
He takes over stew-duty that night, and the night after that. It’s for both their sakes. Nick is old, and weaker than he used to be, and Tony just can’t take the god-awful taste of sandy balls in his mouth any longer.
Pierce’s smile is more of a sneer. “Consider it your bond. Every hour you’re not here, he’ll be hurt. If you don’t show up?” He tsks. “He has such a pretty face, you know?”
The knot is deflating. Tony is able to cough, fully, wet and rasping. His throat is going to be fucked – literally. God knows what he’s going to sound like, if he’ll even have a voice. “That’s it,” Steve soothes, fucking himself against his tongue once, twice, and then slipping free, finally. Tony’s jaw feels like – swollen, or broken. There’s no real pain, but the
“You love him,” Steve notes, “obviously. I can tell you do. He’s well-looked after, isn’t he? Well-educated, too. How very modern.”
“His,” Tony exhales, eyes closing, chin tipped up.  “But I agree,” he says, honestly. “You need work.”
Hands on his shoulders, his wrist, pulling him up. The worst part is, Tony doesn’t even fight it; he goes limp, completely, and hears himself making an awful keening moan, the most he can do just using his body-weight to try and stay in his safe corner. “No,” he hears Pierce say, “no, no Rumlow – leave him, he’s not – just don’t touch him.”
“Ha ha, funny. I mean – like friction. You would just go out of your way to make me so angry, and I was wrong to let it get to me the way it did.”
It feels good. Restorative. That evening, while he cooks their stew with seasonings he found in the back of the cupboard, he draws up a list for Nick to read. It’s disconcerting, how much his handwriting has degenerated – the letters are large and wobbled, like he’s writing with the wrong hand. But the words come back to him, at least long enough to get them down on paper. Which is reassuring. He puts down supplies: pasta, tomatoes, onions, ground beef. Nick eyes it disparagingly. “Oh, so you’re making requests now?”
it. Understand? I enjoyed you, putting me on my knees, in a public stairwell.” It doesn’t even feel humiliating to admit it, he’s just so confused at the turn the conversation is taking. “That’s something I like. I – enthusiastically encourage you to do it – well, not again so soon, because that would be weird but hell, sure, do it again! Whenever you want! I’m a slut, honey, I can take it all.”
“He was up in the morning. He ate breakfast, perfectly fine. At some point… he went back to bed, and hasn’t responded since. I don’t know if you can talk some sense into him, I just think — he’s doing so well, he
Tony pulls his nose away, twists his head back against the wall. He can’t stand that, now. “He said,” he croaks, “he said, if I went back, after, they would burn them. I watched them burn them, it was the deal. That was the deal.”
“In honour. Tony kept scotch under our — “ a beat. Steve rectifies his sentence. “Under the bed in his room,” he finishes dully.
“I maintain what I say. It’s not good for you, or your reputation, or ours.” A beat; “Mr Murray. He’s not a nice man, Tony.”
“ – you’re going to go through your life wondering what it is that’s stopped you from reaching out, and making any kind of meaningful connection with anyone, and you might tell yourself it’s because of what happened to you, and what you
It was during the trials, after Stark stock crashed and Potts had resigned. Bath filled half-way, a dark brown, and Tony listless. He had survived, obviously. Then tried to climb out a window. Then tried to starve himself.
The doctor said that the nerves will repair themselves eventually. When Tony does his exercises (squeezing a ball in each hand) he feels them tingle and burn, and the doctor says that’s good, that’s the muscles fixing themselves, growing again. In the meantime, he eats food that someone else has cut for him. He ignores the warring voices in his head. He is civil to Steve.
“I don’t think you do,” Steve says lightly, fixing his hand on Tony’s nape, steering him through SHIELD hallways. “You will, by the time I’m finished.”
“You have to have dinner,” he says. “I can have something made for you, nothing huge, just something to tide you over.” And he expects resistance, but Tony just mumbles ‘okay’ and let’s his eyes fall shut.
“Well I just don’t think it’s fair, is all,” Nick finishes. “I suppose I’d be lying if I didn’t say I regret some of the choices I’ve made. And the things they led to. And I’m sorry for it, is what I’m telling you, Stark. Stark. I’m sorry.”
“Who the fuck are you?” He sneers, defensive. “No shit, I’m bleeding. Aren’t you just the brightest crayon in the box, huh?”
Steve pushes the bridge between his thumb and finger against Tony’s throat, flattening his head against the locker, forcing him to submit. “Do you ever think,” Steve says quietly, voice light, “that life might be easier if you just do what you’re told?”
Rhodes nods, like he’s said something very wise. Steve thinks, this is the After. Uncharted territory, and they’re just glad to let someone else take control.
"No," Strange agrees, "I shouldn't." He arches his fingers, lips pressed tight. "Tony needed to be alive. He was the only one who could master time travel."
“To Hong Kong? To this particular hotel? I don’t follow.” Tony flags down the waiter, fishes in his wallet for another $100.
Steve lurches, against the wall, then forward, arms reaching. Tony can’t fight him off, he can’t dodge him. He collapses into him, unaware of his own sheer weight, forcing him to the ground, crushing him. “Tony,” he sobs, butting his nose against his cheek, his throat, “Tony, it’s not safe, it’s not – “
But I am aware of how wrong this is. And am aware that this is sick. That’s why I am writing this letter.
“Earlier today. At lunch, you said that your mom used to take you there, but you never mention her. But you must think about her, otherwise you wouldn’t have said. And you wouldn’t have taken me,” he adds.
“Smoking,” Tony says, and the realises he’s not holding a cigarette. “Just getting some air,” he corrects.
His face looks bare without it. He looks – smaller, maybe. He already looks younger, after extremis, but this – he looks different. He brushes hair off of his shoulders, brushes round the back of his neck sparingly; his nape tingles, his fingers scratching at his scalp.
Pepper never comes back. Or maybe she does; Tony has a vague recollection of a nurse trying to tell him that he had a guest, but Tony had spat in her face. And maybe done worse. He thinks he might have done something bad, although whatever they gave him makes it difficult to remember exactly, and when he comes to his senses he’s being kept in one of the solitary rooms. Still luxurious, but removed, and they start drugging him before his therapy sessions too.
“So you do learn,” Steve smirks, delicately gripping his chin between forefinger and thumb. “We left him outside the cops with money for services rendered stuffed inside his pretty lace panties, and you tell me, Stark – do you think he ever tried to steal again?”
How did he know? Probably Tony wasn’t as discreet as he’d hoped; leaving the cupboard under the sink wide open was a tip off. Tony touches the glass to his lips and it’s thrown to the wall. Desperately, he hangs onto the carton, spraying bleach across the floor as Barnes tries to levy him out.
“You’ll be safe, though,” Pierce assures him, softly. “I’m going to keep you safe, Tony. Better than the Captain does, or Stane did, or Howard ever tried to, if he ever tried at all.” A beat; then: “I was there that night, you know.”
“No,” Tony had said, near manic. “It’s coming, I know it. I just need to know what to watch out for, you know? Look at for the signs.”
Clarity returns when he’s lying on a bed. Bright light and white. He squints, coughs, and his throat is so dry. He tries to sit up; shackled, hands tied to a bed.
They bounce him on their knee, hands on his waist, thumbs stroking the broad lay of his ribs. His nipples feel tight, his skin feels hot. He enjoys it, when someone tips a cold glass of ice against his cheek, he sighs. They thumb his mouth. Jaw slack. They press the glass against his teeth, pour it onto his tongue. He swallows, and then he doesn’t, choking him. It dribbles on his chin, paints cold lines on his skin.
Steve kisses it, he mouths along the thin trace, the circle of whitened flecks around the olive skin on his ankle. You don’t get scars like that from piloting a suit, or bullets, or even knives. Slow, blunt damage.
Tony realises he must be resting next to Steve because he feels Steve stiffen. “I think – there are a few second cousins, or something. No one he’s close to.”
Steve turns. “I love you, Tony. You know that.” And there’s reproach in his voice, isn’t there? He sounds like he’s scolding a child.
“I know,” Tony says. “And that’s good. I like you that way. You’re still so fucking — innocent. I don’t know what would have to happen to corrupt you. Things are simple for you, old friend comes back, help old friend, one track mind. You always had a one track mind.”
It’s Steve who buttons up his sweater and helps him step into his slippers. He helps him dress every morning, sits with him during the day, to a point where Tony has begun to wonder if he even has a job anymore. He won the war, what is he doing with it? Looking after his old invalid lover? He loves you, the second voice will whisper, oh Tony, look at how much he loves you, loves us. He never stopped, never. You always treated him so badly, Tony, you were always so dismissive or his concerns, his fears, maybe if you had listened, had talked to him about Barnes, he wouldn’t have run when you presented the Accords –
“Steve,” Tony tries, something like panic starting in his belly, “I’m – here for you, darling, I’m – “
They diagnose him with shellshock. Well, shock. PTSD, give him a battery of sedatives and tell them it’ll pass in time. The palace is empty with no king to hold court. Wakanda, like the rest of the world, mourns. They’re not impervious. All that secrecy, all those years of protecting their own, and for all the good it did them in the end.
Steve is moaning, coming, finally. “Fucking hell, that mouth – Jesus, Stark, fuck,” he breathes, using Tony’s mouth to push into the pleasure, “you swallow that come, don’t you, you filthy whore. God, that’s it, Stark, you beautiful bitch. You beautiful fucking bitch.”
Because? How to say it. “What I mean,” he continues, still focused on Steve’s hand, “is that – those tapes, the ones online, I mean, they show me having great sex, having a great time. And while most people will see them and think, damn, that bitch is a whore, they’ll also come away with – on some level, an awareness that I was in control of the situation, and I control myself, and they can’t – touch me. Does that make sense?”
Wake up, eat. Work, eat. Work, rest. Talk, sleep. And repeat. Just do it. Just do it, just do it Steve, because he’s not coming back either way.
“Then talk to me,” Tony decides, spontaneously. “Tell me. You can tell me, Steve, everything. Let me help you.”
Tony does. Steve puts his hands back on his head, but more gently this time. “There,” he says, softly. “Just keep looking at me.”
He releases him, to go sinking into a puddle at Steve’s feet. It’s not a bad job, all things considered – a bit lopsided, but Steve told him not to squirm. A neat ‘R’ in the centre of his brow. He might have gone for the whole word,
Steve had taken Tony’s shoulders, hissed in his face. “Stop it,” he said. “Stop saying that. Do you know how — fucking terrifying that is? Hearing you say that? You’re not going to die, Tony. You have years left, decades left.”
“He was a futurist, in the broadest sense of the word. He was — haunted, by possible outcomes. Everything he did, I know, he did with the intention of bettering mankind. He saw that we aren’t alone anymore, in the universe. He saw we needed to deal with larger threats, we needed to adjust to a new world order. Even when so many — myself, included — were so fixed on the old, the past, Tony knew that, if we wanted to survive we had to move forward. And for that, I know he will be remembered. As a Darwin, as an Einstein. As a… Mother Theresa, as a healer, a scientist, a peacemaker. I hope — after everything that happened between us, I would hope — “
Steve snorts, scratches his hair. “You have no idea,” he says. “It’s been a really long day. A hard few – weeks.”
He cracks open his eyes again, blinks into the blurry light. There is a fire, in a grate, and a blurry brown wooden mantlepiece surrounding it. An indistinct figure sits by his head, sits on the bed next to him, and Tony realises that it might not be Pepper.
The carpet is rough on his cheek, and he’s drooled into it at some point during the night. The sun is slanting through the window, bright, golden, even. It’s morning. It was a dream.
“No.” Steve says. He wants a grave. He wants to be able to visit, to mourn. He thinks, ultimately, Tony would’ve wanted that. He would’ve wanted to be buried.
Steve frowns at it, then shakes, lacklustre. “My pleasure,” he replies, without much feeling. “I’m sure – whatever you’ve made is very impressive, Kieran.”
He laughs in Schmidt’s face, taunts him with the knowledge he’s throwing away the thing he wanted most.
Someone throws something. A rock. It hits him on the temple. It doesn’t hurt, but he’s bleeding. “It’s your fault!” A woman scream “It’s all of you! You were meant to help us! You were meant to save us!”
“Trust,” he says, “Interrogation.” There’s a sick feeling sliding through his stomach. “If someone wore this, and I was… maybe already not in my right mind…”
“I don’t want to,” Tony mutters, backing away. He hits a wall. “I don’t want to… to have a party. I want to sleep now.”
“Well, your loyalty is charming, but really – “ Pierce is leaning forward, glaring at Ross, “me and the general have been over this, and we agreed your
“You s-sure are,” Tony gets out, because Steve’s hands have tightened on his arms. “You sure are, Steve. You are so, so safe.”
The alpha who’s been steadily avoiding his eyes, fingers twitching every time he fixes his cards. “You from around here?” Steve asks, quietly, dragging in deep.
“Of course, I know what you want, Steve. We’ve even talked about it before, you and I. You were always very forthcoming, and I think it’s sweet. I want to give you that, you know? I can give you what you want.” He clears his throat. “I’ll need a successor, one day.”
“Yeah, I know. I know that.” He zips up his coat, pushes his hands into his pockets. “I’m leaving again,” he says. “I don’t know when I’ll be back.”
“You took my ear,” she says, sipping delicately. “And you’re lucky. Because I’ve already taken Gus’, I don’t want yours.”
Steve hadn’t known what Tony wanted him to do with this information. “But you look healthy,” he had protested, “you’re still young.”
“Cap?” Someone calls, and it’s Clint, Clint who is scaling down the hole, a quinjet high in the sky and Steve, for the first time in days, manages a smile.
That’s not how Steve remembers it. He remembers holding Tony while he died in his arms. Maybe he did that, and then his mind snapped. Maybe that’s when he decided he would try and fix Tony like a puzzle. Piece together what he’d lost.
A lot of other cards have his name. His picture. Steve Rogers, the traitor. Captain Asshole. His face with the eyes crossed out, facist written across his forehead, an upside down cross pinned on his cheek. It’s a bit much, Steve thinks. It’s a funeral.
Tony stands there, mouth slightly slack, blinking drowsily. “He’s your responsibility now,” the blue woman snarls, vicious. “I got him here in one piece, didn’t I?”
Steve makes a voice like a wounded puppy. He tosses his head, mumbles incoherently, fists a hand in his hair.
"We need to debrief. I thought I could put him on the couch and we could talk by the bar." Steve adjusts his grip slightly and Tony rolls his head into the warmth of his chest.
Later, Tony is flicking through news headlines and Steve is fiddling with some new pencils he bought, holding them up to the light, comparing. Tony pauses to watch him; hunched over, sitting cross-legged in the middle of the bed, tongue between his teeth. “Do you like them?” Tony asks, smiles lazily.
He was expecting the call. There’s nothing in this world that Fury sees and doesn’t try to use against you.
Steve kisses his throat, gentle. “You don’t realise what you do to me,” he murmurs, thumbs at Tony’s wrists.
“For Christmas. Unless — I understand if you want to spend it here, you know. They’re your friends. It’s just you mentioned that you don’t — like it, exactly, and — “
Another day, they sit on the grassy hills that make up their estate. Steve is lying on his back, head in Tony’s lap, while he murmurs under his breath, reads his book. The air is warm. It smells like flowers, and chlorine.
Tony scoffs. “She was a physiotherapist, how the hell would she cover the cost of all that? A house? Food, bills, everything. You must have helped.”
specific thing. He knows that Natasha likes to go to the movies by herself, and Clint keeps disappearing to Iowa, and that Bruce has an alpha fetish. He knows all kinds of things. He keeps tabs because they’re living in his home, and it’s important to – to know what you’re dealing with.
able to breathe some fucking air that isn’t dosed with chemical X. The normal air scents almost astringent without the sweet, cloying drug in his nostrils.
Tony doesn’t turn, but Steve can see his reflection in the window. He has shut his eyes. In reflection or stubbornness, Steve doesn’t know.
It’s cold, and Tony is near enough naked. Cold enough that his breath fogs and he shivers, teeth rattling inside his skull. It’s good, though, because this way he can pretend it’s not because he’s dreamt awful dreams. The city is so bright. It makes his eyes ache.
"We argued." Tony says, voice rough "That's it, it happens. Let's -- do you want some water? Here, take some -- "
Steve doesn’t know. His mind has come up dry, and empty. It’s still raining. The world is still watching.
Sorry for the lifetime long wait. I will finish this eventually. Warnings for suicidal thoughts and general depression.
“He was so rough with you,” Pierce is saying, voice low, dabbing cream against the skin. It’s cold. Tony shivers. “It was so brave of you to do that for him, Tony. So brave. You are so
In short, he’d taken Steve for granted. Which doesn’t mean he wasn’t probably – privately devastated, or something, when he left. Not for any reason other than… Steve was familiar, and he enjoyed his company. And looking back, he had only ever tried to protect him, in his own, old-fashioned, awkward way.
I'm not telling you to trust; the world is an ugly place. But never let paranoia take your brain like it's taken Howard's. Don't drink, if you can avoid it. Try your best, maybe.
“You should wash your hands,” Peter says casually, kneeling on the cot, looking over Steve’s shoulder, “you don’t know how much of me is still there.”
Steve moves forward, casually, with an easy grace. “Did I ever tell you about the bitch from La Rochelle?”
“It’s not just your behalf.” Steve takes back his palm. “Please go rest. You smell stressed. Ignore me making it worse, okay?”
“Well, no.” And Tony smiles, actually smiles, one of those sardonic lip quirks he used to dole out by the dozen. “Obviously I didn’t.”
He screams it, and then just screams. It’s embarrassingly pathetic. No one hears him. He doesn’t even feel better for it.
Tony covers his head with the blanket, pulls it up over his shoulders so his bare feet peek out the other end.
Steve stares. He had spoken aloud. “Him,” he says again, and then realises how he must sound. But the kid seems to get it – he holds out his hand, as if to be pulled up. And Steve obliges.
“No thank you,” Tony mumbles. His hands are shaking so badly, Steve wants to still them with his own, cover them completely. “Am I allowed to be alone?” He asks “Ever?”
“Sure.” His eyes are half-lidded. He rises and falls with the weight of Steve’s long, slow breaths. “Anything.”
“Mr Rogers, I feel like I’m speaking to a brick wall. You and Tony both seem to have trouble understanding that this is not a problem for me at all and I am more than willing to help. Understand that Tony is good company and its no trouble to give him a lift.”
“It’s – interesting,” Steve replies, which Tony knows means he does, but doesn’t want to admit it. The same way his eyes lit up when Tony ran lipstick across his hand to test the colour, and bought the sheer red panties.
“Yet, you’re nearly forty and trying to rile up a guy you’ve known – a couple days at best, into giving you a good fucking in conference room at work,” Steve says, eyes slipping lower to where a thumb is now picking at the button of his shirt. “The full package.”
He picks up the pack, draws out another cigarette, and decides to torture himself some more if only to avoid talking. It takes him a while to catch the tip with the lighter, hands shaking. The smoke takes him to another place. And that vacant empty feeling he felt after, like he’d been gouged, mingles with the scent of his father’s study, his old cigars. He had been safe. It had felt safe.
involved in the Ultron debacle under the grounds of the new treaty. Wanda, because she was under the age of twenty-one — legal consent for inhuman activity — and then you, because you were so obviously coerced.”
Steve shrugs a shoulder. “Pity,” he says, pockets them. “What was it, then. Charity gala, country club, some kind of – under the table business deal…?”
Steve shrugs. “Isn’t here fine?” He moves, pushing forward, Tony stumbling back and back until his back hits the glass window. “You’re not shy, are you?” He mocks.
There’s one moment, brief, but so fucking tangible; Steve can practically hear the thoughts in the kid’s head, in all their heads, Rhodey and Pepper:
One morning, there’s a knock at the door. This could mean anything. It could be the man who delivers their groceries, or another salesman. There’s no reason for it to be anyone Tony knows. It doesn’t have to be.
Tony sniffs, rubs his nose with his hand, shakes his head. “What did he tell you?” He asks again, bluntly, desperately.
“Obviously,” Tony mutters, but his voice is slow, dozy. It’s hard to keep his eyes open. “I don’t like the idea of you alone in that building.”
Tony shuts his eyes, so he doesn’t have to see it. He holds his breath when they spray him until the inevitable gasping. This time, Tony doesn’t float. He feels it for what it is, so easily hidden before. Fury had told him, he’d said, knowing that it’s a drug means it’s no longer unnoticeable. But it still scents familiar, desperately. He’s smelt leather, and grass, and cologne. Today, in Pierce’s salon, with Rumlow pushing a truncheon against his throat, all he smells is Steve.
“He won’t die, you know that, don’t you? Don’t listen to whatever that ass was saying, he’s just trying to cover his back. This happened on his watch, there’s no way he’ll get Secretary of State with this under his belt, not if Pierce has anything to do with it.”
Jesus. Maybe, he can sleep. Maybe he can just shut his eyes and catch a few and pretend he passed out from intense orgasm. The guy would probably believe it, such is his confidence in his skill.
Tony had tanned. Steve had burnt. Tony had found this very funny, even when Steve’s skin had repaired itself by the next day. Tony had liked to take his work out to the veranda by the pool and sit there in the cool of the night, drinking wine and thinking, until Steve could coax him to bed.
“Rhodey wants a break, Steve. He’s wrecked. Think about everything he’s lost in the past two years.”
Tony stumbles forward. “Oh yeah,” he agrees, dazedly, drifting towards the elevator. “Very productive. Should do it again some time. Definitely.”
He throws him across the floor, slams the door behind him. Tony is choking, spluttering on the ground, hand on his neck. He knows:
In the short lived months where Steve tries to make a life in Washington, Tony would visit. Ostensibly on business, mostly to fuck. It worries Steve that his apartment was bugged; did Pierce hear that? Was Rumlow laughing at him? Steve hates the idea that any one of those bastards could hold that sort of information over Tony, or over him. That Tony’s moans could be put down to memory and stored, that his laugh broken down and memorised for further reference, the way he would sing to the records Steve played manipulated and changed into a poor mimic.
“He was,” Tony says. “He was gruff, and pretty hardgoing on all of us. But my mom had a way around him, and – he wanted to make her happy.”
Tony thinks, because hearing Steve cry is one of the worst things, unnatural, unbearable. He doesn’t know what he would do if he cried.
“Keep going,” Tony prompts, out of curiosity and – and leaning into it, slightly. Steve’s voice is smooth and calm, and the water is warm. He wants to live in Steve’s world, just for a bit.
He wonders if that means Steve’s lived here before, or if he worked extra hard to make sure Tony wouldn’t be left without a bit of him. Even now, staring up at a corrugated iron ceiling with a switched-off fluorescent light, Tony is starting to feel sick at the loss of him. Like he’s lacking a limb. Like he’s missing a sense.
“From here?” He squeaks. “Yeah. Yeah, I’m – sorry, I should have said, I’m – actually on the board of directors,” he says, staring hard at his cards. “Whose go was it, anyway?”
Freshly cooked eggs. Hash browns. Steve has made him breakfast in bed. He always does, the morning after a scene. Tony loves it, although he wouldn't admit it. No one's even done this for him, none of the investors he's ever wooed with his sexual prowess ever bothered.
Tony lays a hand on his knee. “Steve,” he says, hearing that his voice is soft, hating himself for doing this, because he knows the effect it will have, “I don’t care about your job. I care about you.”
Steve wraps his arms around Tony shoulders, let’s him rest his head against his chest. Like the old times, like how they would watch TV together, old black and white films. Are they just pretending, now? Like they’re the last people left on earth, and so they’re together by necessity? Or is it just comfort, like pulling on an old sweater. Pepper is gone. Bucky is gone.
Tony doesn’t have anything to say. He lies back down. He thinks, it had to happen eventually. It’s not like he could hide what he is forever.
Tony splutters. “I – “ he pulls back “sure, Steve. I’d be upset if I found out my omega liked getting railed by old – “
Tony forces his head up, gasping. “Steve’s dead,” he says again, and he shakes his head, he looks so confused “Steve’s dead.”
His hands are still shaking. He wants to put bury his head back into Pierce’s neck, scent that comfort again. “You wear the same as my dad,” he blurts.
Steve’s throat feels thick. Worse than that – past the exhaustion, and numbness, a bleeding in his brain. Not physical. But drip by drip. And now Thor is murmuring, saying,
"Clever boy." Steve's fingers tangle in the short hair at the nape of Tony's neck. He doesn't know why, but being called clever is the praise Tony loves the most. It makes him flush, makes him try to hide his smile. Steve can only imagine there was a time when people found it funny to call him stupid, instead.
Steve had said, well then what’s wrong, please Tony, let me help you. And Tony had told him, to his face, “I love you. I love you more than you could ever love me. And I’m so sorry I — I screwed it up, I fucked it up with Ultron. I’m sorry I made you see a side of me that wasn’t what you could handle. I — you’ll leave again one day, Steve. You’ll leave me. In ten years time you’ll still be young and I’ll be sixty. But I’m — stupid, and weak, and I love you, so I tell myself if I can have you even for this small time — “
“He knows why he’s here, doesn’t he?” Pierce asks. Tony opens his eyes, fully, for the first time. He sees only smears of colour, peach and pink, black of tuxedos, cream carpets, yellowish light. All of them blurring together to something like a shade of scotch. “Ask him again.”
Steve nods, choking on something, a lump at the back of his throat. It’s burning again, through his chest and up his neck, pricking his eyes. He fucking wishes it would stop. He wishes he could just turn it off, stop crying at every inconsequential little detail, like the fact that Tony used to complain about the dirty sink, and that he was on first-name basis with all the staff, and now he’s not here so they have to handle it themselves while dealing with the huge, gaping hole —
Steve’s eyes flick to his, and away again. “I like it when you talk,” he says quietly, fiddling with something in the kit. “Talk to me about something.”
He wants to scream at them. What are you doing? Don’t you know he’s not gone? How could you do that, it’s disrespectful, it’s wrong, it’s only been three weeks—
“Of course you did, clever boy,” she laughs. “I would have bet on you, you know, if they were running the odds.”
“You’re going to dance with me,” someone is whispering in his ear, at his back, taking his wrist, wrapping their arm around his waist. He smells younger than the rest. Like cologne, and something sweet. “C’mon, Stark,” they urge, swaying him from side to side, “put some effort into it. I know you love to dance.”
And he is. It’s his first time outside of the state of New York in three years, but he’s — okay. It comes back to him, like riding a bike. He wonders what was ever so hard about this to begin with — it’s difficult to remember when he felt so hopeless he tried to end his life. If he had, he wouldn’t know what it felt like to fall asleep in the sun on the porch, or watch Peter go to college, or see the world turn, advancements made, people change. He tries to remember what he found so
He lands in front of him, ignores the whistling and the complaints from the people he just cut in front of. “Steve,” he says happily, rubbing circulation back into his arms. “I made it.”
He scents it again, as deep as he can. Pulses of colour in his peripheral vision. “What does it smell like?” Fury urges.
Tony shuts his eyes just as the door opens, forces his breath to come slow and steady, fakes a small snore. Whoever it is just stands in the doorway.
“She was fine. She talks about you a lot, it’s weird. I mean — you know, because she isn’t real. I mean she’s an AI. Anyway, it shut down last week and — it’s pretty vital. I fiddled around with it but it wasn’t going to let me in. I was wondering…”
“Fine,” Tony croaks, sliding out of the door, onto the main road; another car swerves to avoid him, he has to dash across the street. This neighbourhood is utterly unfamiliar. He ducks into the alley next to a café, braces his hand on the wall, breathes. His hands are shaking. It starts to rain.
Nick snorts. “I’d say so,” he agrees, leaning back in his chair. “Glad you’re feeling more yourself, Stark. Even if it still strange to have you so quiet.”
“That’s stupid,” Steve says plaintively, and it’s cute how strongly he believes in Tony’s fundamental human right to wear whatever underwear he wants. “I don’t understand it, Tony. I don’t know what happened. You’re omega, you don’t need to pretend to be – your biology isn’t a fetish, it shouldn’t be treated as a secret. Wear what you fucking want.”
“Pepper filled us in,” she says succinctly “but what about, she said Diana was taking you to Tony, so—”
He makes him lick the worst of it from the floor, too. He’s aware of what he must look like; there’s a pit, in his stomach, he wants both to believe that Steve is watching, and that he isn’t. By the time he’s finished, he’s almost disappointed to find that he’s been collecting Tony’s clothes, paying the omega licking the floor no mind.
Tony drags his eyes back to Pierce. The chair is hard on his bruised, beaten body; it’s even worse to sit on the welts Rumlow gleefully put on his ass. The pants (traditional cut, above the ankle, no pockets, high-waisted) are rough on his skin. The collar feels too tight. Tony feels every fibre intimately, excessively. And he’s trying not to think about why or how Pierce already has a closet full of traditional omegan clothes tailored exactly to his measurements.
Steve stands, mounts the stage. The coffin is behind him. He reads what’s on the cards, and people murmur and nod like he’s saying something very wise, so touching, as if just the fact it comes from his lips doubles its worth.
“Wait here,” Steve says, coldly. The carrier bag crinkles in his grip. He leaves, and Tony tries to shake his head free of whatever’s making it fuzzy.
He rolls on the soft, mossy ground, tries to find him, tries to see the king of dickheads himself, because he tried to murder him, after everything, it was all an act, the repentance, the pain, he was just playing them all so he could kill him.
Tony's eyes flick to Steve and then back down to his meal. "You know," he mumbles "sometimes it just happens, I mean -- " Tony sighs, putting down his toast "I panicked. I got a bit confused, I was still a little under... it's not big deal. You know I thought you were mad, and, and history tells me that if a dom tries to stop you leaving you're not in for a fun night. So, yeah. I flinched."
He knows now that both of them were too weighed down by their own neuroses, their own fear and baggage. Tony’s life had taught him that accountability was needed, Steve’s had taught him the opposite. Ultimately, there was never room for compromise.
He can just about lather them with his tongue, fuck his mouth back and forth on their length. Steve’s scent goes – harsh. Hot. Tony’s pants are sticking to his ass, and Steve will be able to feel the warmth on his thighs.
When you were born, I was sick. After, how many children, two, three, four, my lost girl, when you were born I could not bear it. Could not bear you. With your crying and your shrieking and up all hours of the night. Howard would leave early and come back late and I was with you all day. And I'm ashamed to say that there were times I simply ignored you. I would go about my day as if you didn't exist. I'd hear you crying in your cot and I'd be able to tune you out, even when your face turned red from the screaming.
Steve buys a new collar, and lead, and harness. He buys good dog food and two bowls. He forgoes a coat (the dog looks built for snow) and purchases a select of chew toys and tennis balls.
Don’t you dare, growls the first voice. Don’t you dare let HYDRA bring him here. What will they do to him Tony, what will they do…
“Yeah,” he says defensively, “you know. When you can just tell that someone is – I always think it’s like a beeping. A radar, you know?”
He’s looking at him, straight in the eye, direct. His thumb is – pressing, slightly. Grinding the bones in his wrist. There’s a shiver running down Tony’s spine. “That depends,” he says, proud his voice is still even, “how would you show me?”
“Oh, I would love to,” she grits out, hooking her hands under his arms, “but your life is worth something, human. Your life is worth an infinity stone. Are you going to let the Wizard’s sacrifice go to waste? They’re dead because of you.”
“A friend. Or whatever — well, whatever happens, I suppose. But we’ve worked well together, here. I don’t see any reason not to let it continue.”
Also, the next chapter m i g h t take a while, and I mean it this time, so, gah, sorry. But I'm 100% committed to finishing this, it's so much fun to write!
"It was a different kind of relationship. I was a lot smaller. And that almost his way of serving, you know? I think it kept him grounded. Gave him purpose." Steve pauses. "You know he was tortured."
That’s what it smells like. The floor of Cain’s house, knees rubbed raw. He’s so fucking tired. He feels his eyes crossing over.
Steve clears his throat. “Tony Stark,” he begins, and his voice cracks embarrassingly. He swallows, clenches his fingers on the podium. There’s some microphone feedback, and he winces. The podium is wet, Steve’s hair is wet, his suit is wet. Tony’s body is behind him, and the flag is wet. He has to pause to push damp hair from his brow, dry his face, blinks rain from his eyes. “Tony Stark was — my friend. First and foremost, he was my friend.”
Right. Because apparently, there’s something about Tony that just screams ‘tie me up and use me, I deserve it!’ He narrows his eyes, considers.
“See for yourself.” Steve tosses it into his lap, sits himself in the armchair nearest the windows. “I don’t think the guy in the shop knew who I was.”
“And Tony, you have to be on your best behaviour. You can’t — attack anyone, or keep talking about HYDRA like this.”
“Wait,” someone is laughing, and then hysterically, it’s spreading around all of them. “Get the soldier.”
Sarah fishes some tissues out of bag and wipes down Tony’s cheeks. He hadn’t even realised he was crying. “Right,” she says, and her voice is thick even if her tone is matter-of-fact. “Well, would you like to leave here?”
Tony shakes his head, rubs his eyes. “Alright,” he says, “just – slow down, all of you, I already have a headache. Fury,” he frowns, “what about you? I’m sure you have an opinion.”
I've got this plotted but I'm writing it as I go along so, unfortunately, there will be no set time schedule. I do try to update as often as I can, though!
Natasha is rubbing his shoulder, looking at him sympathetically. “Sure, Steve. It would be nice, wouldn’t it?”
Steve frowns, lightly. “Sure,” he says, “maybe. You have his colouring, and he was pretty sharp, too. Why?”
"Then I leave. Bodily autonomy, as shocking as this sounds, you actually don't control me, sweetie." Tony steps out into the bedroom. "And can I suggest that, next time, instead of calling me out on trying to, what did you say? Trying to push my issues on you, how about you stand up to the fact that you just don't want to admit you need my help, because you're Mr Dom, you're the alpha male, you don't need anyone's help and fuck the noise, right, you're just that great. Well screw you, screw you for not letting me help and have fun cuddling your pillow." Tony grabs a blanket from the cupboard "And tell you what," he adds "when you have your nightmare, calm yourself down, because you're a big boy, and you don't need someone as stupid as me helping you out."
Steve dabs fingers to the side of his head, and they’re red. He smears it on his fingers. God, Tony had bled. It hadn’t been that fast, either. Slow and sluggish. And then —
your reason? A picture of you, being a slut? Well I’m glad it upset you, Tony, it upsets me, too. Am I supposed to think my omega did things like
“Rut,” Tony hears himself say. “So, those alphas – all in rut, and then – “ he winces. “The omegas.”
He’s going to turn up at Steve’s wearing another’s alphas clothes, having missed their date with no call, no explanation. When Steve asks, why, all he’ll have to show for it is a picture of – of that. He’ll have to say, I was upset, Steve will want to know why. He’ll show him the picture. And Steve
He trails his burning finger tips down Tony’s chest, digs in his nails just below the reactor, and Tony screams; it hurts, it hurts worse than anything, being stabbed with knives made of fire. He arches and bucks and screams and screams and –
Tony’s an idiot, probably, but his curiosity gets the better of him. Something so secret even Nick Fury couldn’t tell him what it is. “Biological weapon?” Tony asks, popping the cap.
“It’s no problem,” she says easily, and scratches Mosely between the ears. “He’s worrying,” she says “you should give him some attention.”
“You’ve bled,” Rumlow points out, lightly ghosting his upper arm with his fingers. They come away red. He’s bleeding, really bleeding, through the robe, and yet – he skitters away from Rumlow’s touch.
Tony stares. Pierce’s features are twisting. Blurring and smearing, flesh. “What have you – what is that?”
It’s not nice, it’s not pleasant, it’s true. Steve knows – Steve has always told him – the way he behaves reflects on them, it does. Tony knows this. If anyone sees this picture – if anyone ever –
Feeding a sub is one of the most intimate activities a couple can partake in. Trust, on behalf of the sub and adoration on behalf of the dom. Steve believes it's the foundation to any strong relationship.
“She had… oh, I don’t know what you’d call it now. She heard voices, in her head. And when, when my country decided that Adolf — ”
“I don’t have friends, either. Or influence. I couldn’t — help. You should ask Steve for what you need. He’ll put you in touch with T’challa, they’ll help keep you under wraps.”
act to show that he’s completely unaffected by the picture in front of him, that it doesn’t matter, that there isn’t sweat on the back of his neck, that his skin isn’t prickling.
"Wait and see." Steve says, standing and making his way over the coffee table that was pushed out the way for their scene. He selects rope, soft and worn, perfect for a good wrist bind, and a blindfold. From the bowl of fruit, he picks up a tangerine.
“Were the alphas nice to you? I know they can be – I know it’s all very old-fashioned.” Tony smacks his lips, sleepy. “If they were mean, just ignore them. It’s old money, they hate everyone that doesn’t have a polo stick up their ass.”
Steve steadies him with a hand on his shoulder; light, grounding. “Open your mouth,” he asks, quietly. “Any last words?”
can be Iron Man. No suit, Tony has to tell them, sadly. He didn’t think it would be appropriate, a suit at a child’s party.
Steve pulls his hips higher, slaps his ass until he learns to spread his legs wider. Harder, faster. Tony moans, grinds back. He’s hard, still, his body caught up in Steve’s scent. The pleasure is different, almost constant.
“Some of us are more discreet, Tony. Just because I don’t fuck my omegas on the kitchen floor doesn’t mean I don’t fuck them.”
Thor claps him on the back, and Tony stumbles. Blanket wrapped around his shoulders, he follows like a ghost, settles on the edge of Bruce’s cot, as far from the rest of them as he can be. No one mentions it.
"I'm fine." Tony says again, tightening the robe around his body. "I mean it. I'm fine, it was just -- stupid muscle memory, it's fine."
“I’m not saying it needs to be long term,” Fury continues, resolutely, reasonably. “A year. Six months.”
The second morning after he arrives at the old facility breakfast is served to him cut into bits. Bacon, hash browns, eggs. He doesn’t get a knife, but he does have a plastic spoon. His orange juice isn’t even in a glass, someone has put it in a sippy cup, like he’s a child. His meds, the exact number of pills he has to take today, are in a small plastic box which is laid out on the tray next to his food and his hands shake so much it’s near impossible to get them into his mouth. He hates that he’s grateful for the bottled cup, that it means he won’t have to worry about spilling OJ on himself, and that he won’t have to suffer the indignity of having someone (inevitably, Steve) clean him up.
At some point, maybe after an hour, maybe a few more, he hears voices in the hallway. “… immediately,” they’re saying, harried, almost frantic. “No excuse, if he’s left this building, it will be on camera.”
Don’t listen, the second voice responds. Tony – she loved us. You know that, I don’t have to explain it, do I? But too much too soon, and Pepper is only human. Give her time: she will call, one day.
it’s not that bad. In perspective: one photo. Stop thinking about it. Stop thinking about it, you’re making it worse, constantly you’re making it worse.
“I guess I just – you’re alpha, Steve. I needed to push those boundaries. The fact that you were struggling, I don’t know, I can be an ass.”
"Easy." A doctor is saying "Easy, Mr Stark. You've taken a bad knock -- don't move, don't -- he's bleeding."
And Tony does seem to relent, relax. “Thank you,” he says, almost inaudible. “Thank you, for believing me.”
“No,” Steve says, taking his hand. “I meant the picture. What they did to you, not you. What they did to you – “ he cuts himself off. “Fucking sadists, who would hurt a child like that,” he tells him, with barely controlled anger, “and a
He twists, sinks down into a puddle. Breathes in and out, even though it feels like his heart wants to beat out of his chest.
Tony face slowly splits into a smile. He turns on his heel. “Now you’re speaking my language,” he says, wagging his finger in Steve’s direction, “we have a lot to discuss.”
Tony has a knife. He had curled it in his fist in the disturbance, pushed his hand under a cushion on the couch, hidden.
“I tried!” Tony sobs. “I warned them! I warned them! I told them! I tried so long to make them understand – “
bidding?” Tony asks. “I could turn him against you if I wanted,” he adds casually, because it’s true. “So long as he gets to live out his traditional impulses – it’s all superficial. He’ll do what I say.”
When he disappears, Tony is content to sit on the bench, head tipped towards the sun, pleasantly buzzed. He has a sudden thought, he thinks – hey, did I drink something? He only had some of the fruit punch. He doesn’t drink around children. But the thought pretty much scatters when Pierce’s granddaughter runs up to him, tells him
Pierce dabs at his cheek, spits blood. The knife caught him deep; had punctured the skin, into his mouth. “Bitch,” he croaks, frothy red bubbles dribbling out the side of his wound.
He’s sitting up, between two alphas whose legs touch his. One of them cups his inner thigh with his palm, squeezes, rubs him softly. Tony is sensitive there. The alpha picks up his leg, strokes beneath the garter, trails his nails all the way to where skin meets silk-covered balls. He doesn’t remember the question.
His cards are wet, now. The ink is running all over the page. It had been sunny earlier, they’d carried Tony’s coffin through the streets, draped in a flag, and it had been sunny. But the air had felt heavy, bursting, and now the rain is dribbling down, the sky is grey, and no one has an umbrella.
Tony’s head feels fuzzy. He doesn’t really remember how he ends up in the bed, blinking slowly, drooling into the pillow. “I’m gonna make it better,” he hears himself say, “with Extremis. I’m going to make myself pretty again.”
“And now I know that’s not all of what you’re owed. If we’d pushed for anymore there would be some fight. But the government was happy to treat that as some bribe money, something to keep us quiet. And with your accounts unfrozen…”
He doesn’t say, Caracas won’t turn into a sinkhole. Instead, he says, “That would never be your fault. People have to stop eventually. You’re not lazy.”
“Yeah, well I do.” He steps forward, one more time, and Tony reflexively scatters back, falling off the barstool; annoyed at himself, he pushes forward a bit, tries to crowd him, but Steve is bigger, his shoulders are broader, and suddenly Tony feels
Tony stares at him, swallows. He whips his head to the side; Peter is gone. Tony feels the brush of wind. He hears the sound of dust, across the tiled floor, swept out the window and evaporated into air.
It’s not. It’s Barnes. He’s had his hair cut short, and he’s got a new arm except – it’s not real, it’s a prosthesis, not natural looking at all, metal poles with crinkly fingers. It seems to move well enough, but Tony wants to vomit. He blew off Bucky’s arm, didn’t he? And – he killed Tony’s parents. And – think about this logically, take deep breaths, don’t panic –
Tony stares at him, dulled, lifeless. “His ashes are on my hand,” he says, then, broken, disjointed. “I tried to get them off. But I thought I could bring him back maybe, somehow.”
Steve examines the dog. One ear that flaps, another that sticks up straight. Pallid blue eyes, a bright pink tongue. Brown fur with white tuffs, white socks on it’s feet. Yeah, he thinks, yeah he does look a bit like a Mosely.
He’d started to cry. He couldn’t face it. He couldn’t face Pepper here, being the way he was, living like this. She had tried to console him. He had shook his head. The nurse let them come back to his room, and they sat on his bed.
“Bailed. Not like yours, huh?” Rumlow turns to him, smiles in a way he probably thinks is charming: Tony hates him on sight. “It’s good to meet you, From Stark. I work with Rogers, for my sins.”
“Yeah, well – I know what you’re getting at,” Tony tells him, regretfully. “I’m sorry. I don’t want to be the spearhead of whatever movement you’re brewing. Leave me out of it.”
“Tell me about it. Other than that, mostly day to day. We take a lot of international stuff now, but obviously we’ve grown so much I don’t — “ Steve almost laughs “yeah, I guess I pretty much only take the special cases, too.”
“Of course I did,” Tony says truthfully, hating himself. “You know they all saw, right? Pretty much all of them. I wouldn’t put it past Fury to have a copy for blackmail.”
Tony looks unnerved. “Well alright then, weirdo. That’s only seventy years of history you’ve misplaced. C’mon. Ugh,” Tony absently kicks away some rubble from the entrance, “this is going to be a bitch to fix-up, you know? By the way – this might be a little harsh on your taste-buds. I know you’re stuck in spam and condensed milk time, which is… famously not great. Does a guy like you get refeeding syndrome?
They stop talking, then. Steve’s thoughts turn to Tony. Tony, who is at the mercy of a crazed woman, probably being hurt while Steve sits here, waiting for the inevitable rescue.
He has to dress in the clothes he was wearing before Unnamed Alpha #1 tried to rip them off him. He thinks, Steve is hurt? Steve is hurt, and they need him. For what? Jesus, he’s thinking – the last rites. Some kind of chemical reaction? Burns. What if he’s burnt? What if it’s
“Steve,” Natasha murmurs, and Steve ignores her. He owes Gus nothing. This is simply him giving what is owed, nothing more. As far as Steve’s concerned, Gus’ life for Tony’s is more than a fair substitute.
Steve blinks, glances over at Tony, concerned. “I didn’t pay for anything,” he says. “I offered. Sarah spat in my face.”
He looks inside, pulls out the gag. “Tony,” he asks quietly, “did you want me to fuck you in the soup kitchen?”
“It’s okay,” Steve mumbles quietly. Tony hovers in front of him for a moment, eyes flicking to his. Steve finds himself reaching out, placing a hand on Tony’s shoulder, then cheek. And then he pulls him close, hugs him hard. “It’s okay,” he says again “it can still be okay.”
“And let me guess,” Steve snorts, “he wants to biologically engineer your insides. Or wait – no. He wants to show his big surprise, alone in his room. Or, he’s got something that only someone as
Someone, some people are shouting his name. He tries to respond, but his mouth feels furry. He can barely move, God, when did he get so weak.
“You’re at the tower,” Tony corrects, “Avengers tower. I’m here for you, Steve,” he says slowly, even though his cheek is swelling and raw. “Sw – sweetheart,” he gets out, hoping the stammers don’t sound like fear. “Sweetheart, can I – can I touch you?”
he thinks it says. And then even that little expenditure exhausts him, and his head rolls back off his shoulders. He groans.
Where the hell is he? What the hell is this? He stares at the pie on the table. Then to Natasha’s face. Natasha Romanoff made a pie. Natasha Romanoff made a pie? And, and Captain America is sitting at his table. Captain America is sitting opposite him, giving him the eyes, because none of them want to eat a pie Natasha Romanoff, world renowned assassin, has made.
Their faces are close, their noses almost touch. “Uh,” Tony says, distracted briefly. “Here’s a thing,” he admits, aware that it’s been playing on his mind since Fury mentioned it, “I don’t – remind you of my dad at all, do I?”
Tony feels small, now. Smaller than he did with the hair. He regrets it. He wishes he hadn’t done it. He doesn’t even know what made him think it was such a good idea in the first place.
“And inhabit my old body? Decaying in the ground? Broken in half. Steve,” Tony says gently “speak sense.”
“Jesus, look, if you try to throttle me I’ll just have Jarvis – do something, I don’t know.” Tony sighs, sits himself at the foot of the bed. “You’ve got yourself all worked up,” he mumbles, and rests his hand on Steve’s knee.
Steve can’t understand what made him seek out Bucky so much. This is where he’s at, now, regret, wondering what he could have done differently to make Tony live. He was happy when he thought Bucky was dead, so what made him forsake everything once he found out he was alive? Would Tony have stayed? Could they have repaired their relationship the real way, not the sticky tap and glue mashed together disaster that happened after Steve returned from Wakanda? Rhodes’ words keep playing around his head. It’s guilt, obviously, what he’s feeling. God, it’s guilt. It’s guilt, it’s guilt, it’s guilt.
Carefully, he cups the back of Steve’s head. “Me,” he whispers, in his ear, just for him. “You own me, Steve, you know that. You can make me smell like you, again.”
“C’mon,” Steve says again, thickly, putting his arm around the kid’s shoulders. “We need to move him. You want to help, son?” He offers it, because the kid is a kid, but he’s going to have to grow up fast, now. Manhood isn’t going to wait.
“Fuck,” Clint swears, stepping back “he’s one of them, Natasha,” he presses his comm “we have a vampire, and he’s hungry.”
“Your son,” Steve says, quietly. “Sweet boy. Nineteen? Contracted twice, all very vanilla, all very above board.”
And then Tony is there, projected against the wall, slumped. He sighs, rubs a hand across his face. “God,” he mutters, rolls his eyes. “Where to begin with you, huh?”
“Any way I can show you my thanks,” Tony sighs, letting his head tip back against the wall. “Whatever you want, Captain.”
paying attention. Recently, when confronted with awful things – his brain doesn’t like it. Shuts off. Not always, never in combat, just – his cellphone is safe. The game of tetris he’s been playing on an off for the past week? Safe. Awful things happen every day, all across the world, he rationalises. Tonight, he’ll track the bastards down. He’ll neuter them before turning them in.
“My subconscious, huh?” Is it Tony, or does Steve seem slightly amused? He throws his bag back down on the bench. “Why would my subconscious say that?”
“So, it’s always been a status-symbol,” Tony continues, “to have an omega. Alphas, you make up, what, 25% of the population, tops? We’re 10%. So, no matter what, you’re always going to end up with an alpha that mates a beta, and goes on to just have beta and alpha kids. The real power comes when you’re an alpha – a prime alpha,” Tony winks, “much like yourself, who has the ability to
Tony screams into the palm covering his mouth. He’s crying with the sheer pain of it, unending crescendos, over and over. The ever-sensitive skin behind Tony’s ear is subject to the hot, burning pad of Killian’s finger, held there, singing and scalding the skin from the muscle, frying him alive. He screams so hard he fears his voice will break, his lungs explode, his heart burst out of his chest. He thinks – he thinks the worst is over, when Killian takes his hand off his mouth, takes his burning nails away from his sensitive, secret spots.
Sarah has been crying. He sees it in the way she’s splashed water on her face, skin blotchy and red. “Good for you.”
Steve slowly lowers his head back against the rest, closes his eyes. Tries to think through the fog round his brain.
“It’s… my dad’s cologne,” Tony frowns. His nose wrinkles. Everything is sharp, suddenly, even the memory that comes creeping into his mind, unbidden.
Tony figures he lucks out when Sarah walks through the door. Crouches down, rests a hand on his knee; he flinches, hard. He feels feral now, not even human, and none of the fancy doctors and clean wide halls could ever fix that. He’s barely even human.
“Ross wants to see us,” Natasha mentions, scraping crumbs from the counter. “He wants to talk about the chain of command.”
“Listen,” Steve spits, standing. “You’re angry. You’re angry he wouldn’t listen to you, that you couldn’t help. I understand that. I’m sorry. There isn’t a day I question if I could have done something differently, or helped him another way. But you don’t project on me, understand? I don’t need that. We are — we’re all suffering, Rhodes. All of us.”
He doesn’t know what he dreams. But it’s murky, and bloody, and oh-so sickly. He kicks and scrabbles against the tangle that’s holding him back, whatever it is. All their hands, maybe.
“You probably haven’t. Very secret, privately funded, out of public view. I have a few interested buyers,” he says, slowly. “In fact, I was thinking
Steve stares at him. “No, Tony. No, I came because I miss you. And I was thinking about – the hospital, and other things. I’ve been thinking a lot, actually – “
“Not – I mean, sure. So long as I’m his – sorry, but let’s just say, I’m his go to guy, right? I won’t be, always. He’s just – dominant,” Tony dismisses. “It’s not me in particular.”
Briefly, Tony entertains the thought walking to Steve’s room, crawling beneath the covers of Steve’s bed, wrapping his arms around his waist, letting their legs intertangle, head pushed into the crook of his shoulder. But the thought of clammy skin and touch, and fingers digging into his flesh is just too much to bear, so he picks up a pack of malboro from the bedside table and takes it out on the balcony.
“No no, don’t worry. You can keep going, sweetie, you’re not bothering me.” Tony slides answer, frowns. “Hello?”
The desire to keep what they had, to keep it going, was paramount. At the back of Steve’s mind, there was the knowledge that Tony had done something bad. That he’d built this robot, this AI, and it had nearly destroyed the world.
She's propping him up with one hand, keeping him sitting on the edge of the bed -- not a bed, more like one of those things you get in doctor's offices, covered in a flimsy sheet of paper. He's wearing a blue hospital gown. It's chilly, and very, very bright.
Steve twitches. “No,” he says, abruptly, inputs the number on the keypad. It hisses, unlocks, easy as. He knows what’s inside, mostly; trinkets, odds and ends. Bucky is watching him.
“Mmm,” Tony hums, wrapping his fingers in the loose ends of Steve’s bowtie. “It was funny, back there, when you made the guy thank me properly, don’t you think? I haven’t seen that shit outside of a civil courtroom since I was a kid.”
“Not a real one. But sure.” Tony pokes Steve with his toes. “If you ever want to… tie me up,” he says, lightly, “just let me know in advance. I’ll buy the rope.”
You were bleeding when you left. I hope you’ll be alright. I think it might need stitches. You probably have a concussion. It’s not safe to let you drive on the roads. I should have stopped you and yet I didn’t. Tony, I don’t know why. Tony, I am sorry. I’m sorry that you had to have me as a mother, because when I saw you drive away all I felt was a vague concern. I don’t know if it’s the depression, or the drink, or the pills the doctor gave me but  watching you drive away I felt nothing. All those years, watching you drive away to school, and you always waved from the back and I never felt anything at all.
He’s clueless. “It’s just decency,” Tony agrees, nodding. “Pure decency. It was so sweet of you to protect my honour,
“Shh, shh, shh,” Steve soothes, stroking his thumbs across Tony’s cheekbones, hands cradling Tony’s ears. “Look at me. Just look at me.”
“Good,” Fury mutters, ticking something off a list. Then he’s lacing his fingers together, thumbs twiddling. Here it comes, Tony thinks.
great, though, right? We’re back, ha.” Peter wanders off, repeating it to himself. “Everything is going to be fine. Thank you, Tony, because everything is going to be fine – “
Steve smoothes his hands over the curve of Tony's ass, laying one sharp slap against the soft flesh. "Crawl." He murmurs.
“This is for work. If you invited me somewhere and had to leave for work, I wouldn’t be upset,” Tony says, rationally.
Tony swallows. He does not drop his smile, even though his cheeks hurt, even though his eyes are burning. “What, uh – what did Rumlow say?”
“Would you fuck me on the kitchen floor?” Tony asks, lasciviously. “You know I’d probably deserve it, right? To be fucked like a dirty, bad boy, not good enough for the bed.”
“Billy might have slipped some vodka,” Pierce mutters, like he’s annoyed, “at a kid’s party, would you believe? Who would do something like that, huh?”
They’ve given Steve the presidential suite. The president – who is actually in attendance – had to take the honeymoon rooms, and Alexander Pierce, an alpha who outranks Steve in both years and experience, is relegated to a White House view-only room.
Tony doesn’t respond straight away; Steve runs his thumb over Tony’s swollen bottom lip, swipes at some of the spit on his chin, patient. “You’re going to go back there,” he orders, “and you’re going to listen to everything Fury tells you. Agreed?”
“But I mean, if things had turned out differently, do you think we’d still be standing here? Or do you think — in another world — “
And then, he pinches the bridge of his nose, woozy. “God,” he mutters, “my head is…” he trails off. He shoulders start to shake; Steve thinks, is he crying for me? And then he realises: laughing.
He clasps his hands together, like he’s begging. “Captain,” he starts, “I’m so, so grateful for what you did back there. No one’s ever stood up for me like that before.” He’s only half-lying. In fact, he’s not lying at all.
And that’s it. This is Steve’s home, now. On the main floor, he can see Alexander Pierce and Thor caught in a tussle. “He took it!” Pierce is screaming, “You stupid, fucking – my God, the
“I know,” Steve says. Tony hadn’t realised he’d even spoked aloud. “This does feel good, doesn’t it Tony? To have someone take care of you.”
After Project Insight, and Bucky, and Sam, and all the rest of it, Tony visits him at the hospital. No one knows what they’ve been doing together, and so Tony can’t hold his hand. But he leaves a note, and an MP3 loaded with all of Steve’s favourite songs.
“They matter less,” Richards says, wheezing, and Steve thinks it’s the only truth he’s spoken all night.
“Why, the public, of course.” Pierce says it, and he sounds like he means it, but his lips are twitching upwards. “I hope that doesn’t upset you.”
This appears to peak Tony’s interest, if only mildly. “What are we doing here?” He asks, voice throaty with disuse.
“Yeah. I know.” Tony crumbles some bread in his fingers. “Just thought you should know. In case there’s a conflict of interest.”
They reach the lake and Tony’s first thought is this would be a great place to drown myself. His second thought is that Steve and he used to come out here, Before. He remembers, after Ultron, he and Steve had both chosen this spot for the facility because back then there were going to be kids studying here and so Steve had said it would be a great place to swim in the summer.
The doctor’s have gone out of their way to make it all as non-threatening as possible. Tony doesn’t believe them. He has a theory.
“It’s just, from where I’m standing, you’re more like a damn time-waster with a bone to pick. I don’t know why. Maybe you just like the attention.”
He has visitors; Natasha visits, Sam visits. On one, painful occasion, Wanda visits too. They sit in the meeting room and play a board game. It’s quiet, and awkward, and Tony can practically smell the guilt on her.
Tony goes heavy against his hand, relaxes entirely against him, the words pushing him under just that little bit more.
“No, stop. You can’t ask me stuff like this anymore, you can’t — you shouldn’t have come here. Neither of you. You,” he says, glaring at Natasha “shouldn’t have given him hope.”
Tony covers his ear. “Shut up,” he whispers, hopes the others don’t hear, hopes he can just stop it, that when he looks up it’ll be a dream, it won’t be real. When Tony was a kid, he was afraid of the dark. He’d lie in bed, convince himself that there were monsters in the closet, and the only way he could be safe was if he covered his whole body with blanket.
Steve can’t see his smile. He hugs the phone to the side of his head. “Dinner?” He snorts, “I didn’t realise you were such a man about town now, Steve.”
“And what about the mansion? What about – “ Tony throat gets clogged and for the first time he thinks he might cry. “All my mom’s stuff. Did they sell that too?”
“I know, Tony,” Pierce says sympathetically, holding out the glass. He drinks it all. “You don’t need to worry about all that.”
But he can’t stop. This goes on until his throat bleeds and colours swirl from lack of air. Things happen, he knows. Talking, shouting. A car ride and pills. Dark and light. Eventually he feels himself quieten, withdraw. Numb. That was his last chance, he thinks. He’ll never be left alone again, not after that.
Tony runs the pot under the water and taps his fingers against the counter. “I was with Steve,” he says casually. “We went for a drive.”
He brackets him against the railing, completely; there’s nowhere to go but down, eight stories high. “He was a pretty little thing,” Steve starts, unbuttoning Tony’s vest with his fingers. “I think you would have been like him, when you were younger. Not submissive, except in bed, and absolute fire in the sack. He was witty, too. Clever, fast. Buck was very sweet on him,” he remembers, “more so than most of us.”
Tony hands are shaking. “There’s no one there,” he tries to reason, desperately, “just friends. Fury, and Pierce, Steve. Friends, they won’t hurt me.”
In the rubble, in the aftermath, Tony was left – not penniless, exactly. Wanda – who had recently chosen to major in Economics and Business – explained that Tony still had money wrapped up in shares somewhere or other, and that he still had money in offshore accounts, but that these were frozen for the investigation. And after, when it was agreed that Tony would not be imprisoned but that it was only right he paid his share of damages, that money disappeared too.
But his knees are aching, his back is stiff, he can’t speak at all. He’s licking desperately at the tips of Steve’s fingers, eyes rolling back into his head, and –
Tony’s moods could oscillate wildly, even then. Steve would sit in his penthouse and listen to the sounds of him smashing plates, cracking windows, bringing down the carefully constructed structures and statues that littered his apartment. If Steve tried to intervene, he would get screamed at, shaken with gauntleted hands, pushed away.
Steve looks down at the bundle of clothes, disinterested, then kicks them vaguely in his direction. “I’ll see you at the tower,” he says, shortly.
Tony never treated him with kiddie gloves, Steve remembers. Cared for him, made sure he was safe, sure – but not to the point of indulgence, or coddling. Peter’s old enough. He deserves truth. “Did Strange talk to you?”
Steve steps closer, takes Tony’s wrist in his. Examines his palms with gentle fingers. “You need bandages.” He says, lightly.
You don’t understand, you weren’t there, he said – there was one way. And he knew, he knew, he knew! He didn’t tell him, didn’t – didn’t – “
“Relax,” Steve laughs, toasting his own drink. “I’m not gonna bite your head off.” The guy is timid, balding, hair grey and fluffy against his head. “It was a long time ago, right?”
(Tony’s school was near a lake. In his mind, Boston was always his home. He spent ages five to fifteen at Phillips, and then fifteen to twenty at MIT. If anyone ever asked him, he would always say he grew up in Boston, never New York.)
He did love Tony, however. He was objectively aware he loved Tony more than Tony loved him. Oh, he didn’t doubt that Tony cared for him, certainly, that he loved him. Tony wasn’t in love with him, however, because Tony will not let himself be in love with anyone. He will not let himself fall that far that fast. It’s what drove him and Pepper apart, and it’s probably what softened the blow of Steve’s pursuing of Bucky.
Tony sighs. It’s not patronising, or irritated, just – exhausted. Broken, and tired. “I tried my best,” he says. “Did what I could, but – I couldn’t take him. Not on my own.”
It occurs to Tony that’s he probably been bad – no, rude, sitting here with the baby all afternoon. Still, he’s sad. “They’re leaving?” He asks, bereft. “Don’t they want to stay?”
The scars on Gus’ chest have healed partially. They’ve risen, forming bumps across his chest. It’s a beautiful design, Steve cannot deny.
into him, forcefully, enough that he stops his whining and gasps, moans, and comes. Steve doesn’t even break stride; Tony’s completion isn’t the point. “You can be a nice little cum-dump when you want to be, huh sweetheart?” He sweats, smacking Tony’s ass to make him clench.
Pierce pinches the bridge of his nose. “Apologies,” he waves his hand, “I’m tired, we’re all tired. I just don’t appreciate this – brigading. Tony, I’m telling you straight – don’t let this man talk you into anything, understand? He’s outnumbered, we have your back, and – “ he reaches out, grips his shoulder, meets his eyes, intently, “I’m not going to let anyone force you to do anything, do you understand?”
“I’m telling you to move back.” And then: “I don’t know why you had to leave like that,” Tony blurts. “We were good, and I liked you. And I know I messed up, what I did with Killian, and I paid for it, but – I’ve been thinking, and I want to change for you. Be better for you, if that’s what it takes.”
“She was on your side! Right? So I thought — she’ll know where he is. Look I didn’t want to bother you because I know you’re sick — “
Steve will return each stone. Asgard, Morag. Vormir. Then, New York, 2012. He tells Bucky, and no one else. He makes his peace. And then.
If Steve rejects him – if Steve decides he’s been played, or that he’s not happy with the merchandise on offer…
Steve seethes, slightly. “You’re not taking it seriously. Someone could – hurt you, if you just walk around, flaunting your weaknesses.”
“He probably just wanted to make sure you were aware of – Christ, of my issues, maybe. In case it wasn’t safe and sane, okay? It’s probably in the fucking HR policy, God knows how many alphas they must get rutting at the six or seven omegas they actually employ to do fieldwork – “
Tony is clutching his side. “We need a med team,” Steve orders, but there’s only them to hear it. “Someone, just – there has to be doctors left. Just get one, somewhere.”
“What, Sarah? Oh no, she thinks I’m crazy. Yeah, hearing voices. Well it wouldn’t be unfounded, but you know. So here’s the question: how long does a guy have to wait before he’s allowed to visit his best friend?”
Strange raises his chin, and his hands, in supplication. “It was the only way,” he starts, and Steve doesn’t understand.
Tony shrugs a shoulder, easy. “Humans have their myths. Elysium, Heaven, the Field of Reeds. But I know it as Valhalla. We all do. We’re all here, Steve. Waiting for you.”
Tony self-consciously rubs at the bristles. He’d been planning on having it sculpted the way he used to wear it, but hadn’t got round to it. “Really?” He says “I think it’s a bit middle aged, really.”
“To what’s between my legs,” Tony corrects, holding out his glass for a re-fill. “And besides,” he winces, sipping, “I give money. I have programmes. I help lots of omegas.”
She was a kid, the second voice says. She was a kid, Tony, and she was angry, and look at her, look how remorseful she is, look at what she’s had to overcome, lost her parents, her brother, her home.
The room goes quiet. Tony looks up at Steve, blinks. He dabs his fingers at the blood on his upper lip. "Whoops." He says.
“This could have been avoided,” she sings, strapping his limbs down. Metal cuffs, obviously something unbreakable, they strap around his ankles, wrists, keep him stretched out, hands over his head and body taut “if you had just been nice to me.” Tony can hear the pout. “We could have been friends,” she says with a sigh, and then one finger traces circles up Tony’s thigh, up, up, to the place where it joins his ass. “Maybe even more.” She whispers.
“You didn’t plan on it,” Steve says, quietly, “but you did, anyway. Or at the very least, you did whatever caused those.” There’s no judgement behind his eyes, but they aren’t kind, either.
“I agree,” Pierce says, and he nods. “Your father, he was a trailblazer in so many ways. And so regressive in others.”
Steve's stripped down to his undershirt, holding his combat pants up with his hands, belt gone. No metal allowed, Tony thinks.
He turns his head. Steve is lying on his front, hands pillowed beneath his cheek. There’s a machinegun by his hands for easy access, but Tony has never known him to use a gun. Barnes’ probably. Tony ignores the stupid, ineffectual, spike of jealousy. Steve chose Barnes over Tony. Tony chose Pepper over Steve.
Pepper grips his hand. Steve shuts his eyes. He breathes, slowly, listens to Pepper’s hitched sobs. In, and out. In, and out.
me,” Tony sneers. “Is that how you get your rocks off, Steve? Big bold alpha protecting little old me?”
"Breakfast!" Tony announces, and he hears a clatter. He blinks, searching for Natasha. "Where'd she go?"
Then, he pushes the lead into Tony’s hand, signs some papers. “Just like when you picked me up from the ward,” Tony dead-pans.
Tony doesn't remember that. "Ding dong." He says. Like a doorbell. Do doorbells ring? Maybe they chime? Phones ring, definitely, although his is always on silent. Were his ears ringing? Maybe someone was trying to call him? God, Natasha just doesn't make sense.
“Better,” Tony knows. He pulls himself off, dripping, settles himself against Steve’s waist. He’s still hard, but the urgency, that awful soreness, has gone – they’ve done the worst part. “Hey,” he laughs, cupping his cheek. “How you feeling?”
The human groans. He wraps his hands around Nebula’s wrists, tries to get free. “Leave me,” he chokes, “just leave me,
His cellphone is in his pocket. He fumbles for it, now, frantically dries his swollen cheeks. The screen is blurry, his hands are shaking. His thumb hovers over
“You just said you were tired,” Steve points out, and Tony screams his protestations, and curses, and sobs, into his chest.
“When people talk about me, do they say – you’re a clever guy, Tony. Or, you’re so beautiful, Tony. Or do they say, you were
They strap Gus to the chair in Bruce’s lab. He seems feverish, almost, his eyes glassy. He keeps blinking, his hands twisting on the arm rests.
Nick shocks him by knocking his knee against the cot. “Get up,” he says, brusquely. He drops a bag of tools on the end of the bed. “You need to fix the curtain. This place is damp enough already.”
At the end of those three weeks, Steve says he has a mission. Top secret, unless you’re Tony – he and Natasha are heading out, some emergency called ‘Lemurian Star’. He might be gone a few days. Gently, he suggests Tony takes up Pierce on his offer for his granddaughter’s birthday party. Tony doesn’t want to go. He doesn’t want to see Pierce, or any of them. He wants to stay in Steve’s apartment, in his room, in his bed, in his arms, where he knows it’s safe, always.
Tony shrugs a shoulder. “Are you asking, do I really enjoy fucking old alphas? Because the answer is, I kinda do. I was bred for it, Steve, it’s in my blood.”
“Anything to say?” Steve asks, innocently, voice slightly ragged. “C’mon, Tony – I know you’ve got something to say. Anything. You always have an answer, right Stark?”
“Fuck off,” Tony hears himself saying. “Just – fuck off, Rogers. Who are you? Who the fuck are you to – you shouldn’t have even looked, you read a couple pages about me and think you know anything? That you’re a fucking authority, that you can psycho-analyse me? Fuck
He slides his arm around Steve’s, curves his body there like it was built for it. “Interesting guy,” he murmurs, looking over his shoulder, awkwardly waving. Killian is still watching them
make noise,” he tells him, voice thick with sleep. “You make such pretty sounds, did you know that, Steve?”
Steve drags his thumbs oh-so lightly against Tony’s skin. It starts to goosepimple, he arches his back reflexively to alleviate the slight tickling sensation. “Shh,” Steve soothes, holding him firm. “Don’t – fidget. I just want to look.”
Two blinks. Tony raises a hand, shakily wipes his mouth clear of spit and pre-cum. He takes a moment, resting back, legs still spread by the bar between them.
Tony abruptly crosses his arms, embarrassed at being caught out. “Chewing,” he says, “and no, I didn’t.”
Tony throws back his head and laughs. “Sure,” he says, “or you’re just not alpha enough to do it right.”
“It was very good that you trusted me, Tony. So long as you trust me, no one is going to ever hurt you again. Not any alpha, not Cain, not Killian, not Stone, not Richards, not even Rogers.”
to me,” Tony stresses, just to really drive home the point. The last thing he wants is Steve getting the wrong idea and snapping her neck.
"Like hell it's not -- " Steve reaches out again and Tony full body jerks away from his touch. "I'm sorry." Steve blurts "This wasn't -- I didn't want to pressure you. Do you need a countdown? Deep breaths, Tony, deep breaths and hold for ten, remember?"
“That’s enough of that, then,” Fury says, snapping the tube out of his hand, quickly depositing it back in the baggy like it’s radioactive.
“Better than you? With your – royal line?” Steve is trying to tease, now, to bring back that happy atmosphere.
the letters in the post, people are clamouring for your services, Tony. But if — if you think that’s too much, or that’s not what you want… you can come with me.”
“Crap, there’s not enough — okay. Okay Steven, I need you to do me a favour. Tell Tony that I’m sorry, but Christmas is cancelled.”
Steve seems to regret the words almost as soon as he’s said them, which Tony finds quite funny. He thinks he’s offended Tony, because obviously Tony was very willing to miss it, and so almost just to humour him Tony says “Sure. Okay.”
“Destroyed,” Thor says, with a blank smile. “But it was prophesied, it’s – a long story, my friends.”
“I’m sorry I’m not there,” Steve says honestly. “When we have dinner, I’ll show you my apartment. You’ll stay the night.”
He shimmers, blinks out of time, out of space, into nothingness. “No,” Steve rasps “wait, no. Come back! Where — “
And he crouches. Close to the ground, close to Tony. “You,” he murmurs, caressing his cheek. It’s almost gentle. Tony feels his eyes shut. He thinks, it’s probably true. Tony probably would learn to forget, eventually.
“I’m not a fucking idiot, Tony. Don’t talk to me like one.” In hindsight, this is something that always bothered Steve. Without realising it, Tony could do this, talk down like this. It used to drive him crazy.
Carefully, Tony rests his cheek against his inner thigh, shuts his eyes. “Any way I can thank you,” he murmurs. “Just tell me how I can repay you.”
Tony snorts. “Yeah, well obviously it wasn’t my decision to have them released in the first place. Not the point, though. I don’t care.”
“Are you – sorry, it’s been a long day, normally I have more tact but I guess this is where I’m at right now: did you just ask me out?”
Tony can’t make head or tail of his situation. He knows: head against some part of Steve’s body, covered in him. Maybe some wall, some comforter. He can’t
Syrup. Where did that come from? Scrambled eggs and syrup. There's a word for it. There's a word, there's a word...
“There must be other people,” that same voice says. “People who know him better, people who could really take care of him. Is there no family? No… no other friends?”
He drags in a sob, reaches again for a Tony who shimmers away, reappears at his side. “I love you,” he’s crying. “I love you.”
“No, sweetheart,” Steve lies. He curls his finger around one strand of Tony’s hair. “No, he was far too preoccupied for that.”
“Shh,” Pierce soothes, hand on his knee, and then on his thigh. He exhales smoke, pats his leg. “We’re not going to rape you, Tony, is that what you’re worried about? Don’t you worry. We’re not going to hurt you. How could I ever hurt a sweet bitch when they’re as trusting as you? It’s too cruel, like kicking a dog.”
Steve gently pushes Tony's hands back down to the tub. "It's nothing that concerns you." He murmurs. "It's okay."
I'm especially looking for info on how you think the OC's are working. Any other comments are greatly appreciated!
Pierce’s chair creaks, slightly, as he leans forward to tip ash into the tray. Tony’s shoulder heave; his eyes are watering. It’s torture. His hands shake – he makes his fingers into claws, then into fists, then splays them out, as if he can suck in oxygen through their tips.
"Aww, shit." He hears someone mutter. "Steve! He's in this one! Yeah, he's -- " Clint sighs "how you doing buddy?"
Tony nods. He perches himself on the edge, holds his arms against his stomach. Stares at a point on the ground, frowning. There’s a stain. Wine? Or old blood, maybe, that no one has bothered to clean.
Rogers’ arms are crossed, his lips pressed together. “Relax,” Tony says, casually. “All’s well that ends well, my friend.”
Fury crosses his arms. “If I were making the decisions,” he says, shortly, “I’d have kept you as far away from this place as possible.”
Steve doesn’t say anything. He reaches forward, peels back the collar of Tony’s shirt. There are bruises, sucked into his skin. He looks at them, and then at him. “I wondered why you didn’t show up,” he says, simply. Like it’s simple. An expectation.
His hand is glowing red, like an ember, his fingers tipped almost molten white. Tony can feel the heat radiating off of him, fire, raw, bare flame. He shakes his head, best he can.
“Can I sit with you, after?” He asks, vacantly, tears on his cheeks, even though he doesn’t remember when he started crying. “I don’t feel well. I don’t feel myself.”
“If he’s been taken, I want a block on all vans leaving the city,” Pierce is saying, shoes clipping against the marble floor. “They won’t have got far. Rumlow, with me. We take each floor, there’s a chance he drank too much and – “
“However you want him,” Richards begs, “you can use the whips, you can use the chains, you can – please, just don’t – I’ve given you the names, I don’t know anymore – “
Steve doesn't drop his wrist. He tightens his grip, almost imperceptibly, eyes desperate, vulnerable. "Don't leave." He says "Please, don't leave."
Bratty. Tony’s heard that before, from many lover’s lips. They all think they can fuck with his hindbrain – that they’ll be the one to crack him like a nut, tame the untameable, have him eating out of their hand like a pretty pony. “If you say so,” he grits out, because Steve’s nails are digging into the sensitive skin behind his neck, and he’s just laid another bruising blow against the soft spot where ass meets thigh.
Tony snorts, swallows, and rests the mug back on the table. “Yeah,” he agrees, groaning slightly as he reaches forward to put down his motherboard. “God, I hate those things,” he says.
regretful, truly, "and if he had known... well. You saw him, didn't you? I don't imagine he was in a great hurry to abandon his wife and child."
Steve doesn't move. The helmet tells him, "Next message: Virginia Potts. Confirm authorisation." He buries his head in his knees.
Steve moves home to New York. He lives in the tower, joining Natasha and Bruce and Rhodey, who never left. Clint drops in from time to time, and eventually Thor joins them too. Tony gives Sam a flat rent free, and he hosts veteran meetings in the conference room of Stark tower, which are attended by hundreds. He even convinces Tony to go, once, although Steve got the feeling it was more to please Steve than anything else.
“You’re fine, Tony. There’s nothing you need to change, nothing you could do,” Steve soothes. He’s stroking Tony’s head, and Tony is luxuriating in it, leaning into his chest.
“Yeah, well I’m telling you.” A beat. “The kid – the kid was Peter. He was sixteen. Strange was the sorcerer supreme. He was – better than I gave him credit for.”
“Tell me,” Pierce starts as they walk over to the house, “did the Captain tell you when he’d be back?”
“Enough,” Bruce says, abruptly. “That kind of talk – it doesn’t do anyone any kind of favours. Just forget it.”
“Would you like to try it?” Pierce asks, indulgently. Tony feels like he’s being treated by a kindly old uncle. Like when Obie would bring him presents, before – well. Before all that.
“It does if it means leading a war against me. If it means I end up charged for a crime a girl you’re protecting made me do while she sits at dinner in her fancy new clothes and attends college.”
Tony rolls his head, groans. “Don’t listen to him, Steve,” he rasps, out of desperation, out of anger, out of a need to do something other than sit here like a dumb bitch. “He’s a
“I mean – the scent of me,” Tony corrects, awkwardly. “It isn’t – I know I remind you of home because I’m old-school, right, but it’s not because… I don’t remind you of...”
“That you went back with him,” Steve says, calmly. He doesn’t even sound angry. “With Pierce. To his hotel room.” And then, even softer, voice hurt: “You’re still wearing his coat.”
He makes mistakes. He just hit you over the head with a bottle. We've both very, very flawed. Your father does not know how to show love and he does not know how to treat you. The age gap is too big. He's too retreated. Maybe when you're older. I know, certainly, that when you are older you will understand.
“Jesus, Tony,” Rhodey croaks, stumbling forward. He pulls him, slack limbs and all, into a crushing hug. “I thought you were gone, man, I thought you were dusted, or he killed you – “
“No,” Natasha says, evenly, “I’m ex-KGB. I can’t hold a position liaising with the US government. Take your time to think it through.”
Tony takes a big bite of his toast. "Seemed like the fastest way to make you let go. Which you did. For which, by the way, I am very grateful. Oh my God," he says, sucking some jam off his thumb "this stuff is so good."
“It’s not because you’re worth it,” he sneers, abruptly. “Don’t go thinking it’s because you’re pretty, or rich. I can have all the pretty, rich omegas I want.”
Thor leans down, offers out his hand, which Tony takes. “I see them too,” he whispers, helping him stand.
“It’s fine. It’s so fine, it’s totally fine, actually,” Tony smiles, sickly sweet. “We were having a good night, weren’t we? I thought maybe we’d put on some Netflix, open a bottle of wine, you’d fuck me nice and slow and then we’d go to bed happy, but – shit, I don’t know, Steve. Maybe I was deluding myself, huh?”
“I don’t like it when people talk about you that way,” Steve says, still reeking of fight. “They don’t have the right, they don’t even understand. How dare they.”
“You die,” Steve confirms, eyes locked on Tony’s unmoving form. “And he lives. That’s how it works.”
He worries, though, about his hands. He wishes now that he had chosen a cleaner method of death, why hadn’t he just shot himself in the head? True, he didn’t have weapons on him during the investigation, but who was going to stop him from buying one? Or why didn’t he just cut deeper, or harder. Why didn’t he jump out the window? Why did he go for the one method that has left him damaged in the aftermath?
“You do,” he allows, setting the scotch on the chest of drawers, opening it to start the search for the nightclothes he knows he keeps in there.
Reluctantly, Tony tugs it off, hands it to him, twists on the couch so he’s facing away. The knot is snug, secure – Tony could probably break it, if he thought hard about it. But he’s not really thinking very hard right now.
He can smell Steve, the lust off of him, and see him thickening in his dress-pants. Hears him, clear his throat. “Well, it was my pleasure, darlin’,” he replies, voice lapsing into something rougher, his tone all alpha.
"Where is he?" Someone gasps, out of breath "Where is he -- Jesus, Tony, fuck are you okay, is he okay? Give him here, give him to me -- " Steve collapses into his knees, pushing dirt into the air "Tony," he breathes "Tony, Tony -- "
“Ugh, you,” Tony mutters, draining his glass. “Don’t you get it? You. I was in love with you, Steve. I loved you. And you — left me.”
“You told Fury, I hadn’t earned my place. Which I take to mean you think you have, and that I’ve – what, Tony? Taken yours?”
Tony, the second voice says. You’re about to be very rude to the nice lady. Why don’t you dial back a bit?
Peter fishes a small metal device from his pocket. Lobs it, and Tony catches it in one try. “Your hands are better.” Natasha notes.
“A wide range of uses,” Fury agrees. “Stark, there are some things I can’t shield against, as much as I try. Someone in SHIELD had this developed, and I can’t say why, but the fact that in the space of week I get recommendations to get you under control? And
Good. Relaxed. The way you do when you know you’re safe, and protected, guard let down. The way he felt when he was a kid, and sick, and safe in his dad’s arms. But he has enough wherewithal to remember, this is a drug, and he’s in a meeting. And he needs to stay sharp.
“I did, didn’t I?” Tony had forgotten, what it was like to have so much money you didn’t need to keep track of where it was going. “Did you… use it?”
And his mouth goes lax; head so heavy it feels like it's being pulled into the thick pillow supporting it, neck aching, eyes shut. Deep, deep breaths, in, and out. He feels two delicate fingers, cold, pressing against the pulse of his neck. That same hand rests gently on his brow, as if checking for a temperature. A pleased murmur; Tony feels himself sink deeper.
Steve dumps the bag in the trash, gag and all. “Your neck needs dressing,” he says. “How long since you changed the bandage?”
“Of course. It was after New York, right? The first time we broke up. Right up to the business in Siberia.”
“More fools you then, really,” Tony says eventually. He pours himself another glass of wine. “Out of interest, because — this really bugged me, towards the end. Before I tried to take my life, I couldn’t stop thinking, did I do something wrong? I mean, not just that I didn’t listen to Barnes. In our relationship. Is there something I could have done differently to make you — love me more?”
“No!” She screams at him, and protects the corpse with her body, shields him. “No! No one! Just – “ she takes his hand, shuts her eyes. Steve peels back. He thinks,
Steve doesn’t have an answer; why is Thor asking him anyway? Why would he know? “I think they’re talking about turning it into — a monument. This floor and up.”
I killed five men, Tony, five men, with my own bare hands. And they have families, you know. They were
No one urges him to date, or anything like that. But there is something in the air. There is an unspoken line: ‘Get better.”
“Why?” Tony asks, irked. “Is it my fantastic conversation? We’re not together, Steve. You don’t love me, Steve. You don’t owe me your pity, and I don’t want you breathing down my neck. So fuck off and go and have fun like I know you want to.”
Light fades fast. When Steve blinks, he’s gone. But he hears the humming, sweet and happy and somewhere distant. Fading now, but there all the same.
"No." Steve says, easily. "I mean -- I love when you're under but -- it's nice when I have someone to talk to."
“I hate soup kitchens,” he admits. “I like helping, I don’t mind the work but – even I hate them, okay? So you practically saved me.”
“But that’s what you said,” Steve says, casually, as he grips the stump of it, shushes him when he starts to skitter. “Easy now, Tony. We’re just talking.”
The ship is like a quinjet. Two wings, sharp pointed dock; it comes in to land jagged, lopsided, hovers then snaps from the air, like a puppet with its strings cut.
During dinner, they mostly talk to Morgan. She's full of questions. Mostly about her dad; she understands he's dead, she's just curious. The kind of things that kids are curious about, when they're trying to make sense of the world. What was his favourite colour. Is he still going to be able to play sports? Morgan says, she wants to be Captain America when she grows up. She talks about the poster on her wall. Captain America, she says, but she wants to wear ballet shoes.
“C’mere,” Steve says softly, pulling him up. “Yeah. I’m sorry, I didn’t want to wake you. You seemed tuckered out.”
I tried, when you were younger. Years went by with me worrying I was insane. What sort of mother feels nothing for her child? It starts, I believe, that when you were born I did in fact despise you. I hated having my freedom impugned upon, I hated your shrieking, wailing face, I hated that you would grow up to be like your father, a man I do in fact despise despite being aware of his illnesses. I nearly killed you, Tony. I was going to smother you and tell everyone you had died, just like my little girl.
Sarah is staring at him, like he’s a ghost, or he’s grown an extra head. “But Tony,” she whispers, “why would you go back there?”
Tony grunts. It feels strange having someone else shave him, and even now he rankles at the idea of having someone else do it for him.
His left eye is swollen all shut. Rumlow had – picked up his head, slammed it into the floor once, twice. He’d beaten him real good. Tony feels more like pulp than anything else, but he thinks the drug is blocking the worst of the pain. He tries, again, to open his eyes; Steve is blurry mass in his right eye, a slit of colour in his left.
“You seemed distracted,” the alpha says in a stern voice, like he’s giving Tony a lesson. “I asked, had your lawyers looked over the contract I proposed?”
“Back in my day, this wouldn’t have even been an issue,” Steve sighs, trailing his finger around the bottom of the arc reactor, tapping his nail against the metal housing. “You would have been second in command, there would be no question of – not sleeping together. We just would. Hard mission, take it out in each other’s bodies,” he mumbles.
“… I didn’t know, at the time. I mean, they were factories of death, I knew that. But I didn’t know — ”
“He will sleep well. I’ll make sure he does. Captain. Captain, look at me. You’re the only man on the ground who can stop this.”
This makes Tony uneasy. No, he doesn’t think so. Why would Steve stop him? Because look at everything he’s done for you, the first voice is sneering. Paid for all your medication, put up with all your ranting and raving, you wouldn’t even have Mosely if not for him, and now you go off with –
“It’s fine. I’m selfish, Steve, I forgot that – it would have damaged you, too. That you had to see me like that. I get very upset when I – “ he breaks off.
Tony looks up, but keeps his eyes down. Steve’s earned a little bit of submission, after that show. “Uh huh,” he says.
“Nonsense,” Pierce dismisses, holding a neat whiskey in front of his face. “Take some time, breathe. Let me fix up that arm. And then you’re going to go home and get some rest.”
Tony thinks, Steve probably isn’t going to be drawing him anymore. It hurts to remember he was once wanted, an object of attraction, something that
because he doesn’t. He hasn’t lost a fiancé. He’s lost friends, not a lover. It’s not the same, and we won’t pretend it is.
Apart from making him angry, Steve always wonders what people must have done to Tony to make him react so violently to a mistake. Apologising is natural, self-recrimination is not. And even if it was, not to the extent that Tony does it.
“And after. Mr Chang, and then Mrs Hamilton. Mr Hosseini. That couple – the Takami’s. And Mr Martin. What did they give you, in return for your services?”
“No,” Steve tells him, lightly. “That would be patronising, Tony. I don’t need to patronise you, you know what you did.”
“Do something,” he urges, grinding his ass against the front of Steve’s pants, “you just gonna – gonna stand there?”
Steve’s hands are on his lapels, pulling off his jacket, popping buttons. He presses kisses against the side of his jaw, throat, and then down to his shoulder, sliding off his crisp $300 shirt just enough to bare the skin, like any more would be an affront,
Steve is in the lounge, dressed, bags at his feet. It’s all very – impermanent. Planned. Like he was waiting for Tony just to wake up.
“Okay. That can be arranged.” Pierce leans forward, plucks the glass out of his hand. His body presses across Tony’s, enough that he almost squirms away, uncomfortable, instinctive; and then he scents him, almost right at his throat.
Clint nods. “It’s fine, we brought some for Tony, we thought—” He breaks off, because obviously they thought he would be here. “Pepper said that they were taking you to Tony. We thought he would be here.” He finishes and Steve forces himself to stand.
He shakes his head, tries to shake everything clear, but it makes it worse. “Dad,” he mumbles, hot, fevered, hands shaking, “Daddy, I don’t want…”
“You never talk,” Tony continues, quietly. “I know when something is upsetting you. When you’re stressed, when you’re scared. You never talk about it. You never let me help.”
“We were married, Steve,” Pepper says, helping herself to more salad, “for five years. You don’t think it came up at all?”
They hadn’t spoken. In fact, Tony hadn’t said anything to any of them, short of fixing a smile on his face and reading his acceptance speech. After, he’d been cordial at the reception back at HQ. He shook their hands, made small talk about sports, about the markets, about the Middle East. He had posed publicly for a photograph with Bucky, his arm wrapped around Barnes’ shoulder, and had left as soon as was socially acceptable.
A beat. “I’d probably just – go back,” Tony admits. “I only need the time stone. Go all the way back to the beginning of it all. Stop the stones from ever existing.”
Tony sighs, flicking through the hologram. He has to finish this by when? Next week, maybe. Next week. Well, next week can wait. Tony’s starving.
Steve chooses to draw with a borderline-alcoholic omega, older than him by a decade, who’ll make his way through a bottle of wine and a half before the evening is through. It occurs to Tony that it’s quite sad; Steve is supposed to be at his peak of youth. And he’s spending it with Tony because… what? Fear of the unknown? Because he’s the kind to settle for the first thing to come along? Or maybe, just maybe, out of genuine affection?
“Can I be honest with you, Tony? There is no such thing as no self-control. It can be hard, sure – but if any alpha ever tells you they had no choice, they’re lying.”
Steve coughs. “We need him,” he says “you can’t kill him. We need him, he knows where to find Tony.”
“He wants you to go in there,” Pierce tell him. “With Cap. And he wants you to let him – well. You understand, I’m sure.”
“A moon, he threw – a moon at me. Turned it into bats, but I flew away. He – stabbed me,” Tony frowns, like he’s just remembering, “I – “
“Only good things, I hope,” Tony says sweetly, curling his fingers into Steve’s arm. He senses he’s going to be dragging him away soon enough.
Tony’s breath catches, briefly. He’s shorter that Rogers – no surprise, little omega doesn’t match up to souped-up-super-soldier. Contrary to what his Napoleon complex sometimes tells him, he can’t actually go toe-to-toe without the suit. And he very much does not have the suit at this moment in time.
He’s scattering desperately into the wall when they draw back the curtain. He must make some kind of noise, a whimper, or wordless beg, but he’s too worked up to decipher his own sound. Rumlow has a gun, drawn and braced on his wrist. And Pierce is holding up his hands, shushing him the way you would a frightened animal, which is all he is now, really.
“It’s fine,” Steve says, standing, turning away. This time, he seems disappointed. “I’m not like you, Tony. I’m monogamous, you know that.”
“I bet you’ve been thinking about it,” Tony mutters, only half-lascivious, down his glass in one. He wishes he’d brought a bottle of wine along with him.
“You might as well admit you have a thing for me,” Tony says lazily, dragging up his eyes. “C’mon, I can smell you, you can smell me – we both want it. What’s the big deal?”
clearly slept, showered. Tony says nothing. He feels something rising inside him, like venom, like spit. “He’s going to kill you,” he rasps.
“I’d – hell, I don’t know,” Steve says, blowing air. “I’d do something, I guess. Combine the timelines. I’d save Bucky, I’d – stop you from ever going through the wormhole. I don’t know. I don’t think I could handle it.”
Thor smiles, like the benevolent God he’s supposed to be. “Sleep well. I hope you find what it is you are seeking.”
“We’re burdened with knowledge,” Tony says, like that’s supposed to make sense. “I told you. I told you what was coming, I – couldn’t stop it, I knew. You know?”
Steve and his thick wide fingers pressing bruises into his waist, the grip of his wrist holding back his head, easily powerful, completely in control. There’s an instinctual panic; Tony’s stupidly socked toes tighten on the rail, he makes a pathetic whimpering noise, but Steve doesn’t even break stride.
He yawns, and Steve wordlessly hands him the coffee. He drinks without even asking what it is, holds it between two hands like a kid with a sippy cup. He had his hair smoothed back for the gala; now it’s all loose and skew-if on his head.
Tony leans back into fifteen years of deportment lessons. “A pleasure,” he says, letting him kiss his hand. “So long as you take care of him.”
not a freak with no hair. He hates himself for not even thinking about it. About how Steve is going to have to pretend he likes it, as if he didn’t always love pulling his fingers through Tony’s curls. Tony knows he did; Steve never said it, but he knows it. Which is the selfish part, because he
“Enough,” Pierce interrupts. “Brock, have some perspective. Tell Hill Tony’ll be needing an evac shortly, have it ready to leave, understand? And then clock off. You need sleep as much as the rest of us.”
Tony is aware he's being vicious, maybe even cruel. But he's not stupid, he's not -- he's supposed to help, he needs to help, and Steve's not, he won't, it's -- it's just frustrating, it's frustrating and now the evening's been ruined and Tony can't, he won't --
“Then tomorrow I’ll come later,” she says. “We’ll take Mosely out, try some throwing and catching. That is, if you’re up for it?”
“I don’t,” Tony says, bluntly, “and no. Hey, I was just looking for you to say – should we blow this off? Go upstairs, order some room service…”
“Yeah, you fucking look away,” he’s saying, voice loud in his ears, ugly, just like him. “Can’t fucking look me in the eyes now, can you, you fucking beta – “
night, he stresses, he should make the most of it. He cups Tony’s face, a traditional goodbye, and tells him to make sure the Captain behaves himself. It feels like two lovers being sent off to prom by a kindly father. And Pierce even wears the same cologne as Dad, Tony realises – he must have it sprayed at the scent points on his wrists, because so close to his nose, it’s strikingly familiar.
sound. Tony thinks, he’s found the other alpha’s scent. Whatever the fuck his name was. Tony steadies himself, doesn’t flinch; Steve is Steve. He would never knowingly hurt him. But he isn’t very knowing right now.
“The doctor doesn’t know best, the doctor doesn’t know what I need. He’s trying to make me not think, I know it. Next stop lobotomy, Steve. Every time I take them the world goes – I see things. I convince myself of bad, bad things. Steve I can get better without them, just don’t tell the doctor I’m not taking them, please. Please, I just want some of my life back, please Steve.”
“No,” Tony says, carefully.  “My – stock was damaged, you know? Some rumours, some other stuff. The marriage offers stopped coming in. And then my parents died. I’ve had offers for breeding, since, but I just… couldn’t do that,” Tony admits, lamely.
because Steve is ramming him hard, fast, with no consideration for his pleasure and yet somehow hitting the right spot inside him every damn time. He’s sucking greedily on his fingers, letting them spread his cheeks wide, all the spittle and fluid soaking down his chin.
Head pressed forward, and getting air down his trachea is like breathing mud through a straw. His lungs won’t expand enough, the vest doesn’t let them, and he can’t gulp because of the gag.
“Ah, yes. Yeah, I don’t know if ‘fond’ is the word, exactly. Protective. He says I’m one of his own, whatever that means.”
