"I'm not being
He wondered if knowing that he was involved in bringing this gorgeous being that pleasure would stop his heart. He didn’t think he would mind if it did.
John let out a loud moan of appreciation. “Your arse must be the eighth wonder of the natural world.”
John led the prince to his bed. He pulled the fur coverlet back. "Sit down. Your Royal Highness."
"I'm just going to pop in and put my toolbox away. I'll be right back." John quickly placed his toolbox on its shelf and grabbed his stack of flour sacks. He jogged up the steps to rejoin Sherlock. Sherlock was still peering intently into the cellar.
. I could
Then Sherlock was standing over him. He held a glass of water out to John. "Here."
Sherlock nodded slightly. "I'd like that," he said, smiling shyly.
6:20pm
"He adores you. I'll talk to him. He'll come around."
Sherlock stared at him, speechless. His eyes widened as John leaned toward him.
"Thank you, John. Are you going to eat?"
"For our wedding. May or June?"
"Oh, Sherlock, yes,
John pulled Sherlock forward, bringing him back up on his knees. "Come here. Come on." He dropped one hand to the back of Sherlock's knee and lifted it over his own legs. He tugged at Sherlock until he was settled in John's lap, his knees on either side of John's hips. Sherlock swayed slightly. His thighs quivered. He draped his arms over John's shoulders and let his head droop. "
John let his eyes close and his head drop back. He pushed his hips up, thrusting into Sherlock's hand to meet his strokes. "
Sherlock smiled shyly and carefully put his legs on John's bed. He settled his left leg close to the wall and laid back. "Come here," he said quietly. He hooked his right hand into John's waistband. John gasped, the shirt falling from his hands onto the floor. Sherlock pulled him against the edge of the bed. "Lie down with me, John."
John was stunned. He squeezed his eyes closed. "
"Me neither, Sherlock. But that's how it is." He gripped the crate tightly. "I'm sorry."
"I know," John said quietly. "But we can't risk the King's men finding them anywhere near you."
Monday, August 8th, 1977
Mary is waking up.
"Don't apologize, John." Sherlock interrupted. He grinned. "It worked. You remember where my building is?"
Sherlock replaced his left hand on John's cock with his now-wet right hand and began to stroke. John convulsed again, whimpering against his left hand. His right hand tightened in Sherlock's hair.
“We are, actually,” John added.
John looked to Sherlock, but those green eyes were locked on someone else with a familiar intensity. John didn’t bother to look.
, he thought.
Sherlock was shocked into silence. He wasn't used to people talking to him like that. But then, John didn't know who he was.
Sherlock was staring up at John with a wicked smile on his face. "You know
"Do you trust me, Sherlock?"
"After you
"Yes, Sweetheart. I didn't know the glen was there for months. You can't see it until you're right on top of it. No one will disturb us."
“If that’s what you’d like.”
Johns chest tightened. "God damn it, Sherlock, she's my
John looked up at Sherlock, his deep blue eyes full of heat. He crawled forward until Sherlock grasped him. He groaned and lowered his head to Sherlock's shoulder.
"I refuse to worry about other people anymore, Sherlock. You're the one that truly matters."
Sherlock was twisted around in his chair, talking to the other violinists. He was gesturing with his bow. He then turned forward and spoke to the conductor. The conductor said something back. Sherlock nodded.
Sherlock smirked. "You could say that. I'll admit that I am tired. But don't let me keep you from your work."
John grinned back. "All right." He stood up slowly and stripped down completely. He began washing himself.
Lestrade left the stage, and the house lights came up. Sherlock looked at John again before leaving the stage. John went out to the lobby to stretch his legs, but was back in his seat when Sherlock returned.
"I know! I know. I need to get the room alone so you'll be seen by the smallest possible number of people and not have to talk to anyone." He looked into Sherlock's eyes. Sherlock could see his fear. "But I'm so scared of losing you."
" John began to gently rock his hips. Sherlock's fingers tightened, pressing into John's flesh. "Oh my God, Sherlock, you're incredible!" He allowed himself to thrust harder. "I love you so much, you beautiful man." His movements became irregular as he rushed toward climax. "Oh,
“Why should I?”
Sherlock lifted his head enough to make eye contact. “Fourth wonder of the underworld.” He wiped his thumb over his full, pink lower lip. “If you want to be precise.”
"Good." John's fingers continued across Sherlock's collarbone and onto his upper arms. They traced back onto his shoulders and down his chest. Sherlock could feel John's breath against the left side of his neck. He was trembling with desire, but he waited.
The Plaza flood of 1977 was a real event. If you'd like more information, a local TV news report (KMBC 9) from the week of the flood is available on YouTube:
"You are." John extended his hand closer to Sherlock. "Let's go." Sherlock took his hand.
"I've never allowed myself to fall in love again. Since Victor, I've only had... casual encounters." He paused. "But I can't do that with you. I can't seem to keep my heart closed to you."
Sherlock stroked John's hair. After a few more minutes, John sat up. Sherlock wiped his hand off and they both put their clothes right. Dusk was approaching, and the air grew cooler.
"I think I'll get down. If you don't object, I may ride in the back afterward so I can keep my leg up."
The door at the other end of the hall opened. John turned to see a small, older woman.
John leaned closer. "Sherlock?"
John giggled. "Come on. Let's get more comfortable." Sherlock stood up gracefully as John struggled to get to his feet with his trousers still halfway down and his legs half asleep.
Mary's smile is cold. She moves her arm slightly, aiming the gun past Sherlock. She pulls the trigger without hesitation.
When John realized with a sharp shock that he was
Sherlock lost the battle. He doubled over and laughed out loud. Mike gave up and giggled. "Don't be angry, John!"
The phone startled John awake. He scrambled clumsily off the couch and rushed to the kitchen. He snatched the phone off the hook. "Sherlock?"
Sherlock tensed up in John's arms. He pulled back stiffly. "John, your co-workers," he whispered. "They're looking."
He kissed John again, pushing him gently onto his back. He broke the kiss so he could bend down and lift John's legs onto the bed, repositioning him to make sure he was comfortable. Then he climbed onto the bed over John's body and straddled his hips. John's eyes were wide as he stared up at him. Sherlock lowered his hips and let his weight rest on John's body. John's eyes closed and his mouth opened. Sherlock could feel John's arousal. He followed his instincts and ground his arse down on John's cock. John gasped loudly and his eyes flew open. He grabbed Sherlock's lapels again and pulled him into a searing kiss.
John realized he'd been staring. "I, uh, I can step out and let you change. Um, unless you need help, of course. Do you... need help?"
Sherlock took his time turning his lovely hand over and lowering it near John’s lap. He trailed the back of one ebony claw down the length of John’s straining cock, earning himself a strangled cry. He angled his head, admiring the effect he’d had on it. “A human male’s greatest fear. And you’re harder than ever.”
John propped himself up on his elbow and stroked his fingers through Sherlock's hair. He began singing quietly. Sherlock could barely focus at first, but the sweet sound of John's voice soon began to quiet him.
"Are you free tonight, John?"
"Well, I won't pretend I don't have difficult days, but I'm good at it and I like helping people. Do you enjoy your work, Sherlock?"
"Perfect, my love. We can use the story about you and the lord's wife. And your surname?"
John pushed Sherlock's nightshirt up and his underclothes down, freeing his cock. Sherlock whimpered, his head tipping back.
Sherlock took a deep breath. "Don't call me or visit me for a fortnight."
He kept driving, leaving town and continuing on through the countryside. His blood was boiling. It was past midday before he started looking for a place to stop.
," he moaned quietly. Sherlock's hand tightened. John sped up his thrusts. "Yes, Sweetheart,
Sherlock locked eyes with him. "I know."
Sherlock held still. He could hear John moving behind him.
His mother grabbed his arm. "Oh! John! This is Linda and her daughter Clara."
The man's voice was muffled under his cloak. "Why should I show you anything?"
"More than anything." He grinned at John. "You want me to beg for it?"
Mike said, "John has been my closest friend since we were children. I hate to see him go." Mike looked at John, though he was still speaking to Sherlock. "But there's a spark in his eye now. A spark I haven't seen in him since... well. A long time ago." John ducked his head. "If going with you will keep it there, then I'll do anything it takes to make that happen."
“As you have certainly already realized, I have been tracking you for some weeks now. I choose my quarry carefully, and I have no doubt that should you accept my offer of a sexual encounter it will benefit us both. Most humans who enjoy males find my form pleasing,” he said, pushing his shoulders back slightly in an obvious (effective) ploy to draw John’s eyes to his lightly muscular chest.
Sherlock crawled over John and knelt between his legs. "John, how should I start?"
“Better than you do.”
"Most British people drink tea, yes.
Mike put his hand on Sherlock's shoulder. "I will."
Sherlock opened his eyes, dropping his hand away from his mouth. "Wh-what about your job?"
desires, right now, in this moment.”
Heavy rain lashed against the windows. The ER staff was on edge. They'd heard reports of flooding all over the city. Thousands of people were stuck at Royals stadium, their cars stalling in the rapidly rising water in the parking lot. John could see the street outside the ER's window filling up with rain. He ducked behind the nurses' station and grabbed the phone, dialing Sherlock's number. He sighed in relief when he didn't get a busy signal.
"So am I, John. Just come sleep here with me. I want to hold you."
“Why am I finding it so difficult to say no to you?” Genuine confusion clouded his lovely green eyes. He gave a little shake of his head as if to clear it. “Fine. It’s Sherlock. Are you happy now?”
John kept his hand firmly clamped over his own mouth, trembling with the effort of staying quiet.
John took Sherlock's arm and led him down the hall, away from the ER. "I appreciate it, Sherlock, I really do. But... you can't be here. I'm sorry."
John made his way down the sidewalk. The weather wasn't excessively hot, and there were more people on the Plaza than usual. John noticed a man weaving through the crowd, moving quickly in his direction. The man was tall, dark-haired, and quite... striking, actually. As John watched, the man darted around a slow-moving couple. He then slipped between John and another couple, shouldering John aside without looking at him.
Suddenly, John couldn't tolerate the remaining clothing between them for a moment longer. He pushed back and drew his legs up so he could kneel. Sherlock's long legs were still wrapped around him, but his arms fell away as John drew back. Sherlock whimpered at the loss of contact. There was concern in his eyes. John moved his hands to Sherlock's hips and hooked his fingers into the waistband of Sherlock's underwear. "Off. I want these off. Now."
"Really, John, must I spell out every detail?" Sherlock raised his hands in exasperation. "The siren call of domesticity! If you date, you could wind up falling in love with someone. If you fall in love with someone, you'll want to live with them. You'll want to
John laughed. "
Sherlock let out a low moan as John pulled at his hair and thrust his cock shallowly into his mouth. John's body arched as he threw his head back, clutching at Sherlock's hair and coming into his mouth. He was moaning brokenly between gasps. Sherlock swallowed around John before dropping back onto his heels.
3. Allegro Giocoso
"I love you."
," he commanded. Sherlock gasped and then stopped breathing. His back arched and he shuddered hard as he came. John felt Sherlock coming right against his cock and lost control, coming so hard he fell down against Sherlock.  Sherlock groaned loudly when John dropped on him, panting as he began breathing again. John was crying out and shuddering as his orgasm washed over him.
He let it ring twenty times, dread pooling in his stomach.
” he panted, “Your cock. Assuming you have one.”
"Didn't it hurt, though?"
"I know. That's why it's foolish."
Sherlock nodded slightly.
With great effort, Sherlock lowered his chin and focused on John's deep blue eyes.
Sherlock:
"What's wrong, my love?"
Sherlock bent forward and licked a broad stripe up John's cock, base to tip. John gasped, clutching at the wall again. With no hesitation, Sherlock took the head of John's cock into his mouth, stroking it with his tongue. John cried out before he could stop himself. He clapped a hand over his mouth as Sherlock began moving up and down steadily, still working John with his tongue. John was sobbing with pleasure, his hand still clamped tightly over his mouth.
The firelight was dancing in John's eyes as he gazed at Sherlock. "You are the most gorgeous thing I've ever seen, Sherlock." He pulled the fur coverlet over Sherlock to keep him warm and began removing his own clothes. Sherlock watched him intently. He seemed to glow in the firelight.
"I'm not upset. It's just... I have to be careful."
! I don't want you to think you...
John was true to his word. Sherlock didn't see the glen until he was almost at the edge of it. John showed him the way down into the glen. The trees closed around them. There was a little clearing next to a spring at the bottom.  John pushed dry leaves into a pile on the clearing, one end higher than the other. He took off his cloak and draped it over the leaves. He led Sherlock to the makeshift mattress and helped him sit down. He put fresh water from the spring into their water skins and brought Sherlock's to him.
"I'm hungry."
Warmth filled John's heart. "Yes, you do." He tenderly pushed Sherlock's hair back from his forehead. "Better than anyone."
closet."
The bartender was back. He held out a bar towel. His hands were shaking. John took the towel and pressed it against the young woman's head to slow her bleeding. "What's her name?" John asked.
“He’s a genius,” John said, pointing at Sherlock. “He’s like a mind reader. Knows what you want him to do even before
! We'll think of a way to get you away from the king's men! I can't bear to have you out there alone and injured!" John's eyes burned into Sherlock's.
"Will you come to bed with me?"
He kissed Sherlock for several minutes, until they were both breathless. John pulled back, putting one hand up to Sherlock's face and stroking his thumb across Sherlock's cheek. They looked into each other's eyes. John reclaimed Sherlock's mouth and pressed his chest against Sherlock's. He could
"I had to stop because... I can't have this be casual with you. I need you to be sure. A one night stand - with you - would break me."
John put the pail of milk down, dropped into his chair, and crossed his arms. "I'm glad you two are enjoying yourselves in here."
John guided Sherlock down into his bed, crawling on top of him. Sherlock pulled John down and immediately wrapped his legs around him. John moaned quietly at the feel of Sherlock's warm body underneath his as his hips instinctively pushed forward against Sherlock's.
John giggled. "I should be up front with you, Clara. I'm not looking to date anyone right now."
John’s cock throbbed under the demon’s scrutiny, harder than John had thought was even possible. His head fell back, eyes falling closed as his vision began to go fuzzy around the edges.
John snickered. "Didn't want to presume, that's all. Here, I'll help with yours. How is your leg?"
John leaned into Sherlock's space. Sherlock's heart began beating faster. John was right next to Sherlock's ear. "I was glad to see Mike," he whispered. "But I have to admit that part of me couldn't wait for him to leave." Sherlock's breath caught.
"Hello, John." John moved aside as Sherlock tipped his head back under the shower spray. When Sherlock straightened up, he ran his hands over his hair to push the excess water out.
“One more thing first.” The feel of those strong shoulders under his hands was nearly too much. The pale skin was so warm.
"Of course I don't object." John helped Sherlock down. "Do you want to get in the back now?"
Sherlock took a deep breath. "Your family?"
Johannes Brahms
"Then don't say anything. Let me check the height and you can try them out by coming to see the cellar. You may need to get to it quickly."
To such an outrageous display?"
"Of course not. You've been on the run and had a traumatic injury." John gave him a reassuring smile and lifted the fur coverlet so Sherlock could slowly turn his body and put his legs under it. He put his hand on Sherlock's back to steady him so he could lower his upper body back down into the bed.
Watson, 75, is a prominent physician. He began his medical career with the U.S. Army, serving in Vietnam until 1973, when he was wounded in action. Watson was awarded the Purple Heart, among a number of other awards and decorations. In 1978, he founded the Watson Clinic, one of the first medical practices in the area to cater specifically to the gay community. The clinic is now run by Watson's niece, Dr. Andrea Watson-Turner.
"Sherlock?"
." Sherlock crowded John against the tiles, putting his hands on the wall either side of John's head. He leaned close to John's ear and spoke in a gruff whisper. "Do you have any idea how you look when you run? Your sweat-soaked clothes cling to you. Every muscle in your body flexes and releases. I've never seen anything sexier. You drive me
John:
Sherlock grinned broadly. "Fine. Not a problem." Sherlock climbed off of John and knelt on the bed at his side. He undid John's trousers and pulled them off, taking his pants with them. He flung them to the floor and looked at John, spellbound for a moment. "John."
. It was time to tell John the truth. Past time.
Sherlock drove back to the hospital and parked near John's car. He turned to look at John, his expression blank.
sorry! I'm sorry I had my bloody phone off the hook like a child!"
"Oh, they can't fathom why. They said you were engaged to a beautiful French princess. Then, a week ahead of the wedding, you ran off. They say you broke the poor girl's heart."
Mike shook his head. "I won't pretend to understand, but if this makes you smile like that, I'll help you any way I can."
. He put his pillow over his head and fell into a fitful sleep as the rain pounded at the window.
"Simple. I saw you packing flatbread into the bag you put under the bed. I noticed the vase when you first brought me in. It was already gone from the mantel when you put the bag under the bed."
John dragged his fingertips across Sherlock's nipples. Sherlock's hips leapt forward and he cried out. John grinned up at him. "Sensitive. That's good." Sherlock cried out again helplessly when John repeated the stroke.
Mycroft walks in, flanked by two agents.
Sherlock was still panting. "Better than all right." He grinned widely at John.
John stopped singing just long enough to say, "Close your eyes, my darling."
"Don't play dumb, Sherlock."
Sherlock pulled back. "John."
John sounded mildly concerned. "What is it?"
“Just let me talk to him. You know this is the hardest part.” John put his hand on Greg’s shoulder. “Greg, we’re not vampires.”
"What's her name?"
John grabbed Sherlock's left arm with both of his hands and deliberately slid off the edge of the bed to the floor, turning around as he dropped. He landed on his knees, facing Sherlock. He looked up. Sherlock was wrecked. He'd seemed completely in control as he'd touched John, but now that John had come, he was falling to pieces.
, Sherlock!" He put his other hand to Sherlock's cheek. "You're
"I'm sorry to disturb you, ma'am," he said, chastened. "I've been worried about him."
John crouched down and pulled Sherlock's right boot off. He set it down next to the pack. "Do you want to sleep again, or would you like to sit up?"
"Not in a bad way."
Sherlock closed his eyes and took a shaky breath. "I... I thought you were in danger." He opened his eyes. They were bright with pain. "The water was rising so quickly. I looked out the window and... it was overtaking your building."
you are." He took hold of Sherlock's cock, causing Sherlock to convulse with pleasure. "You're the most extraordinary man I've ever known. I didn't know it was possible to love someone as much as I love you." He dipped lower and took Sherlock's cock into his mouth.
Sherlock's eyes fluttered closed. "
As the waiter walked away, Sherlock said, "Sorry for the interruption. I've cancelled this afternoon's meeting. I'm all yours now."
John stifled a laugh.
John stood on the roof for a long time. His t-shirt began to dry, stiff with sweat. His breathing slowly returned to normal.
Sherlock dropped his head lower. "It's nothing."
One of the nights that John thought about the most was the night he'd attended a Philharmonic concert for the second time. The music had been lovely, but the truly memorable part of that evening had been taking that fine tuxedo off of Sherlock piece by piece afterward.
"I'm not a prince anymore!"
Sherlock moved his left arm up from John's chest and put his hand over John's mouth. "
John paused to compose himself. "I brought back a few things to try to save. Some..."
A lovely and slightly surprised smile passed over Sherlock's face. "You really want to know?"
John grinned at him. "Oh, dear. It seems my new fiancé is quite demanding."
John grinned at him. “Ecstatic.”
"That was an excellent way to celebrate."
"I know. I'm sorry, I know I said I was just going to call, but I couldn't return this to you over the phone." He held out Sherlock's watch.
"I told you, Sherlock. I
. John suddenly noticed that the audience was applauding for Sherlock and joined in belatedly.
9:15pm
He put the ticket back in its envelope and leaned sideways to put the envelope on Sherlock's music stand. He settled back into Sherlock's arms and put his hands over Sherlock's. Sherlock slouched down and rested his chin on John's shoulder again. They looked at the lights quietly for a few more minutes. The traffic on the street below was beginning to move.
John felt like he’d been turned inside out. Sherlock had read him with pinpoint precision and used that information to turn him into a quivering mess of want. He struggled to speak. “You.
Friday, June 26, 2015
John still had his eyes closed. "God help me. I want you more than I've ever wanted anyone." He finally turned and looked into Sherlock's eyes. "You're sure you want this?"
He tossed the trousers over a chair and was back on the bed caging John in so quickly John didn’t even see him move. John startled hard, gasping in shock.
“Not tonight.” Sherlock finished binding John’s wrist and tested the knot.
John's brow furrowed. "Take what out on me?"
John looked down, watching his own fingers tangling in Sherlock's hair. Both of them were quiet for a long time. Sherlock was getting heavier and heavier against John's chest as he relaxed.
(See the end of the chapter for
John broke eye contact as heat bloomed instantly on his cheeks. A swishing movement caught his eye. Without thinking, he leaned forward to get a better look.
"She's going to be okay. Go make sure the other waitress called an ambulance."
"Higher, John. I want you in my mouth."
John looked into Sherlock's eyes.
Sherlock pulled him through the doorway. "
"And I have to confess one more thing." He was still holding Sherlock's hand.
. John turned to look at Sherlock. "I wish I could, Sherlock. But your family - I don't want to cause a problem."
Sunday, September 20, 2015
"No, not comparable at all." Sherlock wrapped his hand around the tags again. "These are worth more to me than all the Patek Philippes in the world."
He listened carefully as she repeated the section, and by God, Sherlock had been right. Now that Tanisha was keeping her forward momentum a bit, he realized that she'd tipped almost imperceptibly toward self-indulgence the previous time.
Over the next three hours John treated a succession of soaking-wet patients. One had a deep cut to his leg which he'd sustained while wading through waist-deep water. Another had nearly drowned when her car stalled. John stitched up a man who'd been standing too close to his front window when it gave way. The pit of his stomach ached with worry for Sherlock, but the patients kept coming through the door. John kept his head down and took care of them.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=y4hPnZUMBwA
"Did you build all this yourself, John?"
John felt Sherlock's grip on John's shirt tighten. "But don't you want a wife? A family?"
John gestured at the man’s large wings. “Don’t remember those from the tube.”
John was quiet. He tried to ignore the ache in his heart and just listen.
"So am I. I'll walk with you."
John pushed Sherlock backward until they smacked into the wall, both of them gasping on impact. John was achingly hard already, and he could feel Sherlock catching up quickly. He ground his hips against Sherlock's, moaning quietly against Sherlock's mouth. He moved on to Sherlock's neck.
Sherlock snickered. He opened his eyes. "You drove me absolutely mad, too, John. That day in the garden especially."
"Yes, but... did I hurt you?"
The house lights came up a little, and some late audience members filtered in. When the house went dark again, Lestrade stepped back onto the stage. The audience applauded briefly, and he bowed before stepping back onto his podium. John's heart was already beating faster in anticipation of Sherlock's solos in Scheherazade.
Sherlock's arms wrapped around John, pinning his arms to his sides and pulling him tightly against Sherlock. John's eyes closed. He could feel Sherlock's arousal.
"What's funny?" John asked.
When John reached the door, he turned to face Sherlock and put his hand on the back of Sherlock's neck, guiding him down into another kiss. He kept the kiss sweet and tender, although he couldn't resist pulling that lower lip between his one more time.
“There’s something here.” John gestured in the narrow space between their chests. “I know you feel it too.”
Sherlock put a hand on John's arm.
John:
John moaned against Sherlock's neck. "Oh, my darling." Sherlock pulled John tightly against him. John overbalanced, sliding off his chair and stumbling onto his feet. Sherlock took advantage. He pushed his chair back from the table with his good leg and dragged John directly in front of him. Then he pulled him down into a scorching kiss.
"I can't believe you thought I was serious!"
"Well, let me remind you." John leaned down, closer to Sherlock. "
"I know. I was supposed to wait two more days. But I don't need two more days, Sherlock."
Sherlock's eyes narrowed. "No. I'll carry it myself."
Sherlock swallowed around John as he came incredibly hard. John was vaguely aware that he was crying out loudly. Sherlock held John tightly until he sagged weakly against the wall, whimpering. John loosened his fingers and allowed his hand to slip out of Sherlock's hair.
"The blood made it look worse than it was. She's going to be fine."
John smiled back. "Of course."
“You’d also quite like to bend me over the nearest flat surface and fuck me until I scream myself hoarse,” he continued. He ignored John’s gasp. “Although the stated motivations behind those two scenarios are somewhat contradictory.” He lowered his arms slowly and tilted his head, the dark waves of his hair falling over the fair skin of his shoulder. He gave a faux-innocent flutter of his eyelashes. “Which is it, John, shut me up or make me scream your name until my voice fails?”
Sherlock turned around and said to John, "Put the box down."
I can’t believe I actually have to say this, but I swear by all that is holy (or unholy as the case may be) that this work was absolutely NOT inspired by any current news events. I have been working on it for many months, and the original publication date of the first two chapters predates any bizarre stories currently circulating. Thank you! ❤️
(See the end of the chapter for
Thank you for reading. (A huge thank you to subscribers!) Positive and/or constructive comments are welcome and appreciated! ❤️
Sherlock hung up forcefully.
"Oh, for God's sake, John. If anyone says anything, just tell them it was
"I still can't believe you cooked a whole turkey for just the two of us."
"No, it shouldn't. There is some numbness from the nerve damage, though."
Sherlock stretched his body over John's, holding himself up on his arms, one on either side of John's head. "You said I'm like an angel when I play. You want to
John was gaping at Sherlock.
The sky was pale with the approaching sunrise when John opened his eyes. Sherlock's head rested heavily on his chest. John held him a little tighter for a few minutes, memorizing the way Sherlock felt in his arms.
John said, "Please tell Molly and Greg how thankful we are for their assistance."
John stared at him helplessly.
"Good." Sherlock pulled his left arm back and slid it down to John's waist, under his arm. John shuddered. Sherlock pulled John's shirt up a bit and plunged both hands into John's underclothes.
. My name is Henry." He sat down on the bed.
John pulled it out of reach. "Oh, no, I'll carry it. I don't want your pack any heavier than it absolutely has to be."
"What did you do?"
"It's all right." Sherlock said, ducking his head. "I know it's a bit ostentatious. My brother arranged it for me before I arrived in Kansas City. I could move, of course, but I never got around to it. I actually like my flat - my apartment - quite a lot, but you must never let my brother find out." Sherlock grinned at him conspiratorially.
"Fine." Sherlock grinned.
John sensed it as he reached the crest of the hill. He stilled, listening, but he heard nothing out of the ordinary. He drew an arrow and readied his bow. He crept forward slowly and looked out from behind a tree. The pale predawn light glowed on the stream below.
"Yes." John smiled at Sherlock. He hoped Sherlock wouldn't see the pain under his smile. But when he saw the concern still clouding Sherlock's face, he knew Sherlock
Sherlock's eyes softened. He nodded.
His shoulders flexed with a little shrug, lifting and dropping his wings. “The usual. Superior strength and dexterity, long life, imperviousness to human disease.” He deliberately dropped his chin to look through his lashes at John. “The ability to hold my breath for extended periods of time.”
how much trouble you'll be in when this leg can bear weight again."
Sherlock's brow furrowed. He pulled John's hands down and held them. "Of
Sherlock's knees buckled. He began sliding down the door. John caught his hips as they dropped below John's waist level, arresting Sherlock's descent. He pushed his body between Sherlock's knees and grinned again. "Oh, that's
John stopped and looked back.
He bent down to reclaim John's mouth. After kissing John deeply, he pulled back and looked into his eyes. "I love you, John. More than I've ever loved anyone." John's heart was so full he thought it might burst. Sherlock continued, "You are...
“I have some mild ability in healing.” He reached toward John’s shoulder. “I can’t repair the bullet wound,” he hastened to add when he saw John’s eyes widen, “And this won’t change that rather fascinating scar.”
Sherlock kissed John for several minutes, his hands still on the wall to cage John in. John stroked his hands over Sherlock's back, then pushed them down grip his ass. Just when John was certain he couldn't take any more, Sherlock dragged his mouth down John's neck. John gasped for air as Sherlock nipped at his collarbone.
John's brow furrowed. "What are you saying?"
Sherlock spoke again. "I know so little about you. Will you tell me?"
John nuzzled into Sherlock's neck, sighing as Sherlock tipped his head to the side to expose more of his pale skin to John's attention. Sherlock tugged at John's grip on his wrists, testing the strength of the hold without attempting to break it.
John couldn't keep the grin off his face. "Sherlock." He stopped in front of him and leaned heavily on his cane as he went down onto his stronger knee.
Sherlock's mouth was soft and sweet. John dropped back down off his toes, breaking contact. Sherlock immediately bent down and kissed John tenderly. He put his hand on the back of John's neck and threaded his fingers through John's hair. John's heart was racing. He opened his mouth slightly to pull Sherlock's lower lip between his. Sherlock let out a breathy little whimper before pulling away.
Sherlock smiled shyly. He felt his cheeks flush hot. "Good morning, my John."
John didn't say anything. He stood his ground and waited.
Sherlock stopped abruptly. John opened his eyes and stood up straight. After a moment, Sherlock repeated the last 10-15 seconds of music. He stopped again. He repeated the music, but this time it was slightly different.
Sherlock shook his head. "No, not yet. I wouldn't mind a bit more of that ale, though, if you've got it."
Sherlock begins learning a new skill.
"My offer to help you set up a filing system still stands, you know," Watson said.
John settled his head back on the pillow. "Do you know why I wanted to propose to you in the rose garden?"
John grinned.
John was speechless. His mouth had dropped open and he was dizzy with arousal. He tried to respond, but all that came out was, “Hnnnngh.”
. John closed his eyes and concentrated on the way Sherlock felt in his arms.
He stared into the stew until it was warm. Sherlock had stopped moving around behind him.
Sherlock sighed. "Fine."
"Don't worry, Sherlock, I always am."
John finally relaxed, grinning back. "Maybe later." He put both his hands into Sherlock's hair and pulled him into a scorching kiss.
“Please let me see,” he begged. “You’re so beautiful... Please, Sherlock.”
John laughed quietly. "I remember that, too, darling."
John noticed that Sherlock was looking him over as well, his eyes drawn consistently to John's chest, where his sweat-soaked shirt was clinging to him. John couldn't resist. He rolled his left shoulder back as though it was bothering him. His t-shirt pulled tighter across his chest, and John smiled to himself as Sherlock's eyes widened and the flush in his cheeks renewed itself.
Sherlock reclaimed John's mouth in a deep kiss. He wrapped his arms around John and held their bodies tightly together.
"Hey. What's wrong?"
Sherlock sighed as John lowered his body onto Sherlock's. He wrapped his arms around John. They were both trembling. Sherlock stroked John's back. "John," he whispered. "I've never felt like this before."
John finally found his voice. "Thank you, Sherlock." He paused again. "I suppose I should get you back inside." He closed the cellar hatch and recovered it with leaves. He began leading Sherlock back to the house by another route.
. "No, I don't."
The stranger scoffed. "Don't be ridiculous. I'm not going to
, John."
Sherlock smiled. A real smile. "I'm sure." He stroked Beau's neck again. "Will you help me into the wagon?"
Sherlock flashed a brilliant smile at him. "You're wearing entirely too much clothing."
"That's great! You must be very talented."
John's cheeks went a bit pink. "Yes... yes, of course," he said.
John's mouth fell open. "You mean... do you mean you wrote it yourself?"
John scoffed. “They would tend to get caught in the doors.”
. As usual."
"We'll come back for it later. I don't want you driving until your knees recover a bit."
"Oh my God, it was
John walked down the hill silently, his bow ready but lowered. He approached the hollow where the stranger was hidden from behind its sheltering tree. He readied himself to circle around and get a look at the intruder.
"Oh, yes, my love." John's hands passed Sherlock's waist. His left hand gripped Sherlock's hip as his right grasped Sherlock's cock.
When he was finally released, he dropped, as limp as a rag doll. Sherlock disengaged, and John was immediately desperate to be back in physical contact with him. He couldn’t lose him so soon. He struggled to raise his head.
John shrugged. "Why don't we start down the sidewalk and just see where we end up?"
It was louder than John thought it would be. More aggressive. Then the brass players and the string players put their instruments down, leaving just instruments like clarinets and flutes playing.
, he thought.
Sherlock shuddered. He took a shaky breath and stared heatedly into John's eyes. He surged forward, kissing John hard and sliding his hand from John's hip to his aching cock. John sobbed uncontrollably against Sherlock's mouth, overwhelmed with pleasure as Sherlock stroked him steadily.
John stilled, looking at Sherlock.
"You're exhausted and in pain, my love. I don't want you to think I... expect anything from you."
"Why do you keep calling me that, John? And you called me
John's hands made their way to Sherlock's waist and grasped it. All at once, John's body was pressing in against Sherlock's, his leg was pushing between Sherlock's knees, and his mouth was on Sherlock's neck.
"John. Is something wrong?"
Sherlock came back to that single note a final time, and the rest of the orchestra began to play again. All of the violinists were playing with Sherlock now, and the cellists were playing something that reminded John of a ship on the ocean.
"I did say something. At Angelo's. You shot me down quite unequivocally. For a long time I thought you weren't interested."
"Ones about you. I want to know
Sherlock:
should be asking
"Doctor Watson!" Judy called as the paramedics rushed a patient through the doors. He slammed the drawers shut and jumped up.
John closed his eyes for a moment. "Please, Sherlock.
John efficiently stripped Sherlock's dripping clothes off of him. As he dried him off, John swallowed hard at the sight of his dog tags against Sherlock's chest.
. He let the breath out and hung the rabbit up as though he was about to skin it.  A couple of minutes passed. The riders crested the hill. John watched them take note of the house and come down his direction. He fussed with the rabbit, pretending he was still tying it. When the riders were near, he walked out to meet them.
Sherlock cocked his head, looking toward the ceiling. His brow furrowed. "Dear Lord. I think I
Sherlock opened his eyes, smiling at him tenderly. "Anything for
John sighed. "Because my career hangs in the balance, Sherlock." He looked down at his plate for a moment. "It took a long time to get back on my feet after my injury. If I lose my job, I'm back at square one."
John's eyebrows rose in surprise. "Thanks. It's nothing compared to yours, of course."
Sherlock dragged his tongue slowly across the head. John moaned and his head fell back. Sherlock opened his mouth wider and slid his lips over the head. John was panting again. Sherlock kept the head in his mouth and stroked it with his tongue. He added suction. John's back arched, his knees drawing upward.
"How can you be so sure?"
When the song ended, John opened his eyes. Sherlock was looking at him. John spoke first. "That was remarkable. Thank you for letting me listen to it."
,” he sneered.
Sherlock looked into John's eyes. John could feel Sherlock's erection pressing into his hip next to his own. Sherlock's eyes were dark with arousal. He rolled his hips slightly against John's. John gasped at the sensation, his mouth falling open. "
The prince scowled at him. "
"Yes?"
"So? I thought British people drink tea all the time."
"Of course. Are you all right, John?"
Later that same week, John stopped cold as he reached the door of his favourite takeaway spot. He didn’t dare move as he studied the man’s reflection in the glass. He loomed a matter of inches behind John’s shoulder. His close proximity highlighted how tall he was, six feet at a minimum. His bright eyes were locked on John’s in the reflection, sparking with mischief. John was caught suspended in the moment, pinned in place by the heat in the man’s remarkable eyes.
John's face went white. "I'm so sorry, I didn't know - I can go back, choose a different -"
Sherlock cried out, his chest heaving. His arms strained with the effort of resisting his need to touch John, pulling at the shelves. He kept watching John.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I don't need you to lecture me! And I didn't need you to drag me out of there like a disobedient child!"
Sherlock turned back to John, eyes blazing with anger and pain. "Of course, John. How foolish of me." His voice was growing louder. "How very foolish of me to think I could rely on you to make our relationship a priority."
Sherlock went completely still. He stood there for a long moment, his otherworldly face still carefully composed to reveal nothing.
when I enter the street." He shook his head in exasperation. "Embarrassing."
." He leaned down and kissed him again.
He moved in, claiming Sherlock by plunging a hand into his thick hair. Sherlock came to him without hesitation, kissing him deeply. Greg’s noise of agonized protest transformed to one of desperate arousal as he watched John and Sherlock devour each other, practically on top of him.
"How do I know you won't do the same thing again?"
you, John. Mark my words."
John realized he'd been standing there eavesdropping for several minutes. He shook his head and waited for Sherlock to stop again. He knocked.
Sherlock stretched his arms out and gripped the shelving just below shoulder level behind him.
Sherlock's hand remained still. "Then you had better
Sherlock slowly moved his hands away from his face, terrified that it wasn't really John. He looked up.
"Everyone else gets angry when I... notice things. I think it makes them feel... exposed."
Sherlock startled, finally looking up at him. "John!" he said, immediately blushing. "What are you doing here?"
John smiled back. He handed Sherlock his water and put the food between them. They ate slowly, quietly.
John gasped in shock. "
"None of those things are in any way your fault," Watson interjected. He handed me a perfect cup of tea and sat down next to Holmes, taking his hand.
John, growling:
be ashamed of you. You're the most incredible man I've ever met. I wish I could tell the
John's hands slid out of Sherlock's hair and gently moved down his neck, across his shoulders, and onto his upper arms. Sherlock shuddered at the contact. "Sherlock?" John's eyes were searching his. "Is this what you want? Just say the word and I'll stop. It's all right."
The days blurred together, each more pointless than the last. John was on his way to a therapy session when he felt those green eyes on him again. He looked up just as the man passed the opposite way with a piercing stare and a flash of dark hair and red silk. John spun around in time to catch the flutter of the black coat disappearing into the stream of passers-by.
Sherlock pulled back. John smiled up at him. "If I'm going to call you in two weeks, I'll need your number."
Sherlock stared down at him, stunned. He put an unsteady hand over his own mouth.
8:10am
"We're going to make it, Sweetheart."
"But did I hurt you, Honey? I didn't mean to fall on you." He pushed Sherlock's hair back from his forehead.
John took Sherlock's hand in both of his. "Sherlock, two weeks ago you asked me to think through what I want. I have. And what I want is
John took a deep, shuddering breath. He couldn’t help sinking his hands into the silky black hair again. The feel of the demon’s tongue against his skin was dizzying. It took everything he had not to get distracted. “Well, if you’re going to give me pleasure I’ve never known, don’t you think I should be screaming your name? Bit awkward to be screaming, ‘Oh, you, you, you!’ don’t you think?”
John leaned even closer. He heard Sherlock take a sharp breath. "Better make it yours. I have a feeling we're about to make a significant amount of noise."
He ground his hips against Sherlock's, causing Sherlock to shudder and gasp for breath. "
Sherlock, confused:
you!"
John squinted at the trellis. He saw bees passing through a gap in the wooden structure. "Oh, wow. I never would have noticed that." He grinned at Sherlock.
Sherlock resisted the urge to turn around and face John. "He's very well. And I trust your work on the vines this morning went as planned. But you didn't come down to the cellar this afternoon to ask about the mead. Or the hives. Or Beau."
"Good. Now, relax and let me show you." He smiled wickedly and lowered his head again, kissing one of John's surgery scars.
Sherlock stroked his fingers through John's hair. "I love you, too, John."
John could feel white-hot anger blazing from his eyes as he crowded the man against the pillar, as close as he could get without touching him. "
"Okay."
When they were cleaned up, they went into the living room and collapsed onto the couch. John pulled Sherlock close. Neither of them had bothered rebuttoning their shirts. Sherlock rested his head on John's uninjured shoulder. He put his hand on John's chest, toying idly with his dog tags.
"You've already told me. Why are you
"Apollo?" John's voice was gentle.
." Sherlock blushed. "I, well," he stammered, backpedaling. "Um, where did you grow up?"
"All right, I'll... I'll get you some food. You must be hungry."
“So, what makes you think you’re the best I’ll ever have?” Greg challenged. “You take lessons or something?”
Sherlock had gone still, staring down at the table.
"Thank you, Mike. But I don't want to cause you any trouble."
"If you'll let me, I'd like to come to one of your concerts."
doing things to you.
“How do you get access to crime scenes?” Greg asked. “I haven’t seen you at any.”
John snickered. His eyes were wet. "Go on to the house, then. I'll put your horse up. And I'll milk the cow while I'm there. Supper's on the table."
John caught himself smiling back, looking into Sherlock's eyes. He broke eye contact and started putting things away. He deliberately stayed busy until Sherlock finished eating.
Sherlock looked Beau over. "He's a fine horse. Very fine." He stroked Beau's neck.
John rocked slightly in Sherlock's arms, shifting the pressure against their erections. Their kiss faltered as they both moaned in response to the movement. John kissed and licked his way down Sherlock's jaw and neck. He continued rocking, keeping the motion small to avoid hurting Sherlock.
"And you know it was my mother's?"
Sherlock turned. His eyes still glowed with the energy he’d absorbed. “On occasion.” He tilted his head. “Exceedingly
Sherlock went to his knees in front of him and pushed John's legs apart. He pulled John forward until his hips were at the edge of the couch, quickly yanked his jeans open, and swallowed him down.
Sherlock hesitated.
Sherlock would need to think of another plan. It was clear to him now that he was not capable of walking away from John Watson.
“No, but it’s considered incredibly rude.” He raised his head and lowered his hands. His thick hair fell into place, and only the tips of his horns were visible.
. He lowered his hands and let his head fall back, closing his eyes.
As he approached Municipal Auditorium, John was filled with doubt.
John leaned in closer. "
John went over the edge seconds later. He tipped his head back as the wave of his pleasure crested, washing over him. As the haze of orgasm cleared, he stilled his hips, gasping for breath. He released Sherlock's hands and collapsed onto the bed at his left side.
John immediately looked away as his face flushed hot again.
Mycroft pauses and looks back at Sherlock.
The bigger man rolled his eyes. "If you see anything unusual, there's a reward being offered. The King wants him brought back."
"Thank you." John walked toward her. "You must be Mrs. Hudson. I'm John Watson. It's nice to meet you." He held out his hand.
Sherlock lifted a trembling hand to cover his mouth.
Mycroft turns to his agents and gestures toward Mary. They lift her off the floor and hold her upright between them.
Silence.
"No!" John interrupted, putting his hand on Sherlock's forearm. "No. It's interesting, and you clearly love it."
John nodded. "I understand why you're worried. Especially after the stunt I pulled last week. If waiting two weeks will help you, then I'll do it. I'd do just about anything you asked of me, Sherlock."
John blinked. He pulled his hands off of Sherlock like he'd been burned. He staggered back a step. "I'm sorry! I shouldn't have put my hands on you like that! I'm sor-"
"Fine. How was lunch at your mother's?"
"You take care of our John, now," Mike said gruffly. He released Sherlock with an emphatic pat on his back.
Sherlock peered into the record crate John was standing next to. "Find anything interesting yet?"
Sherlock narrowed his eyes in a mock glare before breaking into a smile.
"John...
Sherlock looked upward, thinking. "Well, English of course. French. Welsh. Greek and Latin. Andalusian Arabic, German, Dutch."
"I can't last, John, I'm too close! I'm sorry!" Sherlock was pressing his face against John's shoulder, panting.
"The hospital's board is very conservative, Sherlock. They won't keep me on if they find out. I've seen people fired for less."
"It is most definitely
"No."
"And... I said that... you're everything to me." Sherlock opened his eyes to look at John.
." John couldn't hold back anymore. He surged forward, grabbing Sherlock and pulling him down. He crushed his mouth against Sherlock's and wrapped his arms around him tightly. Sherlock was laughing against John's mouth, but his body responded immediately. One of Sherlock's hands landed on the back of John's head. The other grabbed a firm handful of John's ass.
"My only purpose in life was to marry for political gain. Produce more princes and princesses who would grow up to do the same. I couldn't stomach it anymore. So I thought I'd disappear. Run as far as I could and become someone else." He smiled bitterly. "Someone like you."
John shook his head vehemently. "You're in no condition to travel, especially alone."
John put his hand under Sherlock's chin and lifted his face, looking into his eyes. "Will you stay with me, Sherlock? I don't want you to go."
“Get on with it, then!”
The first guard - Anderson - scoffed. "This is a waste of time."
"You're my family now." John's chest felt tight. He stared into the soapy water.
After supper was cleared up, Mike insisted on restocking their food supply. Sherlock tried to give Mike some gold, but Mike emphatically refused, as John had already given him almost all of his belongings.
" she squeaked.
They drove on until they approached the port. It wasn't entirely quiet. There was noise and light spilling out of an inn on the main road. They drove on until they found a quiet side street where they could stop. John climbed into the back of the wagon. Sherlock sat up slowly. He'd been sleeping.
You were supposed to keep your head down and avoid anyone noticing you! Your little tantrum could have cost us
John was already pushing up against him again. Sherlock's back arched. His head fell further back. His eyes slammed shut and his mouth fell open. He groaned loudly as he came harder than he had ever thought possible. His body was arched and completely taut before the tension snapped and he dropped forward against John, limp as a rag doll. John's strong arms still held him up.
Sherlock suddenly released John's wrists and dropped to his knees. John groaned loudly. His right hand grabbed at the shelves as his left dropped onto Sherlock's head. His fingers immediately tangled in Sherlock's hair.
John looked down at his boots. "No, I have no family left. We fell ill with a terrible fever. Over half the village was lost to it. I was the only one in my family to survive."
The incubus shifted impatiently. “
John's voice was tight. "I wish we didn't have to hide. But if anyone realizes the.... nature of our relationship, they could kill us.
"Of course, John." Sherlock squeezed John's hand lightly. "What is it?"
. John smiled to himself, pleased that Sherlock could feel that relaxed with him. He tilted his head down, trying to see Sherlock's face. Sherlock stirred and sat up.
6:15pm
"Sherlock, it has been my great privilege to spend nearly thirty-eight years by your side. You have made me happier than I ever thought I could be. Every good thing in my life was better because I could share it with you. And every loss I experienced was more bearable because I was able to lean on you."
When they were finished in the kitchen, John turned the lights in the living room off and led Sherlock over to the window. They looked down at the cars clogging the streets as people crowded in for the lighting ceremony.
Mike got back into the wagon. He looked back and waved as he drove away. John and Sherlock silently watched until he was out of sight.
"She was cheating and
Sherlock pushed his right leg outward and took hold of his left boot. He pulled his foot closer to his body. He took a deep breath before pulling his boot off. His teeth dug into the leather glove as he suppressed a scream. Sherlock gingerly rolled his stocking down and stared at his leg in the moonlight, panting around his glove. The skin was unbroken, but turning livid shades of red and purple. His leg was becoming more swollen with each passing minute. Sherlock was not going to be able to put his boot back on anytime soon. He rolled his stocking back up and dropped the glove out of his mouth.
Harry blinked and finally moved. She sat between John and Clara.
Mike turned to Sherlock and pulled him into what looked like a bone-crushing hug. John's heart leapt. He smiled through his tears at the shocked look on Sherlock's face.
. Sherlock was incredibly sexy, jumping and dancing right next to John. John could barely focus on the show, despite the spectacle that Iggy Pop was. He hardly took his eyes off of Sherlock. His mind was preoccupied with memories of the last couple of weeks.
John was trembling now. His eyes fluttered shut. "
John took half a step back, his hands still on Sherlock's waist. Sherlock's chest rose and fell rapidly as he gasped for breath. John looked up into Sherlock's eyes. They were filled with desire. John was trembling with need. He knew what he wanted to do. He hadn't done it yet because he'd been nervous and, frankly, intimidated by Sherlock's considerable skill. But, looking up into the heat in Sherlock's eyes, he knew it was time. John smiled wolfishly and dropped down onto his knees, eyes still locked on Sherlock's.
John was fighting a battle with himself the entire time he was with Sherlock. Every time he locked eyes with him, and every time his gaze wandered down Sherlock's body, he forced himself to look down at the table or his own hands.
Sherlock woke when John got up. It was still dark. When John saw Sherlock looking at him in the dim light, he knelt down and pushed Sherlock's hair back from his forehead. "How are you feeling, my darling?"
They ate breakfast where they were. Afterward, John asked Sherlock for enough gold to book a crossing to the continent. He helped Sherlock stand up. They walked toward the shore. Sherlock kept his hood up.
Sherlock smiled at him ruefully. "Thank you." He got up on his crutches and put his cloak and pack on. John put his cloak on and shouldered his quiver, pack, and bow. He blew out the candle.  They walked out of the house and up the hill. Sherlock stopped at the crest of the hill. He turned back to look at the house in the moonlight, John at his side. "I'm sorry you have to leave your home behind, John."
"Better than all right." John quickly removed his own trousers, smiling to himself when he saw Sherlock's eyes widen at the sight of John's clothed erection.
The doorbell rang again. John heard his mother rush to answer it.
"Who is that?"
"John." Sherlock was watching him.
"There's more gold in my hands right now than there is in the entire village." He knelt and put it into Sherlock's pack. Sherlock was afraid he was angry, but John just shook his head and smiled at him warmly when he stood back up. Sherlock smiled back, relieved.
John's cheeks flushed hot. "Come on," he said. "I'll take you back to the Music Hall to get your car. I think that was enough excitement for one night." He smiled at Sherlock.
"No!" John grinned at him. "Don't stop. I love it."
you, and I intend to follow through on that promise."
"Oh my God, John, that was
"You're the one the King is looking for. The runaway prince. I've just come back from visiting the village to sell furs and buy supplies. Everyone in the village was buzzing with the story." John grinned. "You're all anyone talks about."
Sherlock looked up from the record crate, turning to face John. "I want to hear you say it. Why do you have to be careful?"
John took a slow, deep breath.
Sherlock's POV
"No, John." Sherlock picked his right leg up and bent his knee so John could pull his breeches and underclothes off of it. Then John very gently took them off his left leg. He then removed Sherlock's stockings, leaving him completely nude.
"Yes, thank you." John stopped in his tracks when he passed through the entryway into the living room. Sherlock's living room had floor-to-ceiling windows along the far wall, revealing a commanding view of the Plaza below. Bookshelves lined the walls on both sides. One side was filled with records, and the other with books. His violin case was laid across a chair near the window, and he had a music stand with several pieces of music on it set up next to the chair.
Sherlock gave him a relieved smile. "Thank you, John." He leaned in and kissed John lightly. Then he stood up. John stood up as well, following Sherlock to the door.
“Cold enough for you out there?”
John opened his eyes slowly, blinking at Sherlock.
John moaned out loud before he could stop himself.
John stroked Sherlock's chest. "I've got you, Baby. I told you I'll take care of you, remember?"
He rose up on his knees, dropping his hands to the waistband of his ridiculous leather trousers. He made quick work of the complicated-looking knot at the top of the lacing and perfunctorily loosened the laces before dropping back down.
The streets of the village were crowded. John made his way through them to find a merchant who could sell him a horse and wagon. Sherlock stayed out of the way as much as possible, keeping his hood up and avoiding eye contact with anyone but John.
Sherlock kept his head down. "I'm being foolish."
. Let me do this for you.
They sat at a small table next to the window. When John ordered iced tea to drink, Sherlock's face scrunched up in disgust. Sherlock ordered a Coke. As the waiter walked away, John asked, "What was that face about?"
She turned to face John. "Clara. She's a lovely girl. And very smart."
John felt his cheeks flush. "Thank you. You look
" Sherlock shouted from the other side of the door, his voice breaking.
John grinned. "I'm talking to you right now."
John closed his eyes and sagged. Sherlock let his eyes close as well. More hours passed. Sherlock opened his eyes. He looked out over the water. He sat up straighter. Land. Sherlock could see the port ahead. Thank God. The trip was almost over.
John was squeezing his eyes shut. "
John chuckled. "You won't be saying that later."
"Showing up with a male partner in tow will cause a problem, Sherlock." He looked down. "Believe me," he added darkly.
John continued, "We met in a pub and discovered we were both headed the same direction. We teamed up for safety and to save money on lodging. When you took a fall and hurt your leg, I agreed to help you in exchange for you paying my way."
He squeezes his eyes shut.
"Yes. Are you going to be this upset every time someone is aware of the fact that this is a date?"
"I love you, too." He leaned over and kissed John gently.
"Yes, I know." Sherlock tucked his head back down on John's shoulder. John wrapped his arms around him.
He was in the very first chair, right next to the conductor.
"Honestly, Sarah, I'm just... tired... or... something."
Sherlock stood in front of John's bed in his expensive black underpants, looking intently into John's eyes. John allowed his gaze to drift down Sherlock's body. His breath caught when he saw the distinct outline of an impressive erection. Then Sherlock's hand was on his cheek. John looked up to meet Sherlock's eyes.
Sherlock shifted uncomfortably. "That box of salted pork was no good. And she knew it."
Sherlock wrapped his left hand around John's cock and pulled his underclothes down with his right hand. John's body convulsed with pleasure, and he sobbed against his hand.
Sherlock pitched his voice lower. "I might let you do more than kiss me, John."
," he whimpered.
He then took hold of John’s ankles and pulled him down the bed so that he lay flat.
. John started opening drawers, searching for a phone book.
"Everything is yours if you want it. I want you to stay here with me. I want this to be your home. And not just because you've lost your flat. I've wanted you here with me for a long time. If I'm honest, I've wanted you here since the day we met."
Sherlock turned to face him. "You don't have to. I can walk. It isn't fa-"
"Starving to death is boring, too, Sherlock."
Shostakovich, Festive Overture:
"John. Your scars are part of you. They represent the path your life has taken. The path that brought you to me. They could never be anything but beautiful. Now sit on the bed, please."
6:15am
As he dropped enough notes on the bar to cover Greg’s bill and a generous tip, he decided to finally take a look at Sherlock’s other victim.
it, but it
John busied himself with stoking the fire in the hearth back to life. He hung the pot of rabbit stew he'd made the night before above the fire to warm. All the while, he willed himself not to notice the beautiful young man undressing behind him. He thought to himself:
Sherlock bent to pick up his violin and spun on his heel. He was out the door by the time John was able to stumble to his feet.
“But it isn’t,” he added with a knowing grin.
John managed to deflect his co-workers' questions over the remaining hours of his shift. He checked on Sherlock frequently, assuring him that they would be able to go home after the sun came up.
John tentatively puts his hands on Sherlock's shoulders, a look of wonder on his face.
Sherlock got to his feet, brushing hay off of his clothes and fussing with his hair. John grinned at him. "Come on."
At some level, John knew it was dangerously foolish to let a demon into his bed, no matter how beautiful that demon may be. But when Sherlock wrapped his arms around John, lifting him effortlessly out from under the sheet and pulling him close, John simply couldn’t bring himself to care. When he felt the blunted claws on his back, clutching him possessively to Sherlock’s chest, he was utterly lost in sensation.
They spent the afternoon under the trees. John told Sherlock stories about his childhood, his time as a soldier, his injury, and his recovery. Sherlock listened raptly, occasionally asking a question. He was particularly fascinated by the stories about the mischief John had got up to with Mike when they were children. He felt himself falling more and more in love with John with each passing moment.
Sherlock's right hand dragged up John's body and lifted. John arched his back, trying to get Sherlock's hand on his body again. Then he realized Sherlock had taken the hand to his own mouth to lick at it. John sobbed against his own hand again.
Sherlock, overwhelmed:
John pulls back.
John grinned at him. "I'm fine. Shouldn't have let go of the rail." Sherlock shook his head and chuckled a little.
Sherlock pushed his chest forward as his nipple pebbled beautifully against John's tongue. He then pulled John's face upward with both hands and claimed John's mouth in a searing kiss, arching his body away from the wall and thrusting it against John's.
"I'll rest my eyes a little." John grinned at Sherlock. "Now, close those gorgeous eyes for me."
"You think classical music is boring, don't you?"
Sherlock watched John kneel in front of him. John extended his hands but paused to look into Sherlock's eyes again. Sherlock had never seen such deep blue eyes. "May I?" he asked. Sherlock shrugged his shoulders, crossed his arms, and looked away.
"I came in for a bit of dinner. Are you hungry?"
"You're welcome." John picked up the small table he kept next to his chair and set it by the bed. He got a mug of ale and set it on the table for Sherlock. Then he cut a piece of bread and gave it to him.
Sherlock twisted his hand in John's shirt and put his other hand on the back of John's head, his fingers pushing into John's hair. His hair was soft. "Why not?" Sherlock whispered.
eyes? Sherlock, have you ever looked in a mirror?"
Mike didn't say anything yet. He hugged John for a long time. "John, we've been best friends our whole lives. I'm not sure how I'll go on without you, but I am sure that I'll never forget you."
John clutched at the sheet. “What kind of energy?”
At last, he grasped Sherlock's cock and dragged his tongue over the head. Sherlock cried out loudly in pleasure and relief. John took him all the way in. He read Sherlock's desires in the way his body flexed underneath him, the way his hands clutched at his hair, and the way his cock thickened against his tongue. He gave Sherlock exactly what he needed, until Sherlock was quivering beneath him, his orgasm approaching rapidly.
Sherlock gripped John's forearms and looked up. His eyes burned intently into John's. He was visibly trembling with arousal. He nodded his head slowly.
After several minutes of silence, John asked quietly, "Have you ever been in love, Sherlock?"
John nodded, trying to hold back his tears.
John stayed quiet, allowing Sherlock to open up slowly.
"John, it
John squeezed Sherlock's arms. "I love you, too."
He peered into the hollow. The dim light shone on the blade of a hunting knife. John was expecting the knife, but his breath caught as he was transfixed by the most startlingly beautiful pair of eyes he had ever seen, blazing from beneath the hood of the stranger's cloak.
(See the end of the chapter for
"What does it matter, John?"
Sherlock dropped John's hand so he could reach out and hold John's face with both hands. "I was thinking about
"This is incredible." John took the glass and crossed to the window. Sherlock followed. "I can understand why you don't want to move out. You can see for miles from here. I can see my apartment building." He pointed to the east, across Brush Creek.
Sherlock opened the door. John looked into his eyes and promised, "I will call you in exactly two weeks. I won't change my mind."
John's head snapped back up. He looked at Sherlock with concern. "I don't expect that of you. You're injured..."
"Oh, John. I know." Sherlock tried to give him a reassuring smile. "Look, the sooner you go get the room, the sooner I'll be out of sight."
The man's eyes followed John's gesture to the car rounding the corner at the end of the block. He visibly deflated. "Oh... God... I'm so sorry! Are you hurt?"
John looked into Sherlock's eyes. They were dark with desire. John stifled a moan.
. Be careful out there, okay?"
Sherlock's face brightened immediately. "Where are we going?"
John untied Sherlock's breeches with trembling hands. He loosened them and pulled them down several inches. He then pulled Sherlock's underclothes down to reveal his cock.
John carefully put the condom he had taken from the drawer on Sherlock and then shifted lower on the bed. Sherlock's hands clutched at the dressing gown as he watched John. Sherlock was still trembling.
Sherlock had looked like he was settling in for a lengthy observation of Loose Park's bees when John had jogged past him. John smiled, remembering how beautiful Sherlock had looked in the early morning sunlight, a little furrow of concentration between his eyebrows.
Sherlock was stunned. "You're not... angry?"
The prince stared right back. Then he let out an exasperated sigh. He dropped his head into his hands. "I had to fall into the path of the only man in a hundred mile radius who
Sherlock led John down a stairwell and into the underground parking. They were alone. Sherlock walked over to a black Mustang, opened the door, and put his violin behind the driver's seat. He shut the door and leaned against the car. He crossed his arms, raised his eyebrows, and looked pointedly at John.
John went still as the waiter approached their table to take their drink order. When the waiter was gone, Sherlock sat with his arms crossed, staring out the window again in stony silence.
. I'm falling in love with you, Sherlock."
Sherlock nodded. He stroked John's hair.
When John finished taking care of Sherlock's head, he pulled up a chair and sat down next to the bed, taking Sherlock's hand in both of his. After several minutes had passed quietly, Sherlock looked down at John and giggled.
John managed to get Harry out of the kitchen, but his mother wouldn't let him take Harry's place. After she'd hustled him back into the living room, John sat on the far end of the couch and watched Harry talk animatedly with Clara.
"Four o'clock?"
John got himself some stew and bread and sat at the kitchen table to eat. Sherlock watched him.
Sherlock kept his eyes squeezed shut. "I hate that you're in danger because of me. You deserve so much better, John."
Sherlock captured John's hand and kissed it. "My John. I love you, too."
"Yes?"
"I'm sorry, Sherlock. I shouldn't have asked."
John sagged forward, releasing Sherlock's hair. He let go of the shelf and slid down the pillar, dropping onto his knees on the cellar floor with Sherlock. He was still visibly quivering. He took Sherlock's face in both of his hands. He kissed Sherlock tenderly, then rested his forehead against Sherlock's as they both tried to catch their breath. "My God, Sherlock," he whispered. "You're a wonder."
Silence.
He rolled on top of Sherlock, straddling his hips and pinning his wrists to the mattress on either side of his head. Sherlock responded with a gasp of pleasure. His body arched under John's.
John mustered every bit of confidence he had. “Make this one of those occasions.”
The glow from Sherlock’s body surged as John’s pleasure reached its peak. John thought for a fleeting moment that he felt Sherlock trembling with it, but in the grip of his climax he couldn’t know what was real.
hear." And he dove back down. He moved one hand to John's balls and the other around to grip his ass. John cried out uncontrollably. He twisted his trembling hand in Sherlock's hair and tried to hold back, but he was too far gone.
Sherlock looked into John's deep blue eyes. His heart felt like it would burst. No one had ever understood him the way John did. "
. Sherlock had scratches all over his body, but John was relieved to see no significant injuries other than the cut on his temple. He dressed Sherlock in both gowns, putting the second one on back-to-front. He then settled him on the bed and tucked the blanket around him. He rubbed at Sherlock's arms and legs to help him warm up. Blood was still trickling from Sherlock's temple. "Don't move, okay? I'll be right back." Sherlock nodded.
Sherlock listened to his footsteps receding. The horses and cow stirred at John's movements. Sherlock knew that John might be gone for some time. He closed his eyes and drifted off to sleep again.
Sherlock moaned at the sight of John kneeling in front of him. John untied Sherlock's breeches and pulled them open, shoving his underclothes down and grasping his aching cock.
Sherlock looked down, grinning sheepishly. "It's nothing. My brother's the one with the gift for languages."
. John watched the early morning sunlight catch in Sherlock's silver-white curls, making them glow like a corona around his head. He was breathtakingly beautiful. "You remember," John said softly.
Sherlock swiped at his eyes and looked up at him. "Did you bring any clothes apart from your uniform?"
John closed his eyes, willing the tears not to fall. He stood with his forehead against the door for several minutes. He considered using his key, but ultimately decided to give Sherlock his space.
John's eyes closed as his mouth fell open. He gasped when he felt Sherlock drag his tongue from John's collarbone to his ear.
, John thought.
John stepped back from the rail. Sherlock spoke quietly to him. "Are they gone?"
A beat.
. I'm not looking for a one night stand. I'm having feelings for you, too."
He lifted his forearm and glanced at Sherlock's watch. Tanisha's lesson would be finished soon. He needed to make his escape before Sherlock caught sight of his face and read his intentions on it.
"So I'll build it again. You're well worth it, dear heart."
As Sherlock pulled out of the underground parking garage, he accelerated dramatically. John grabbed onto the Mustang's door and let out a surprised noise. He giggled. "You drive like a bat out of hell!"
"All right."
In an instant, everything became noise and smoke and blood. The ground shook. Hot metal tore through John's shoulder. Then he couldn't hear anymore. He instinctively grabbed at his ear with his right hand, but his left arm was dangling uselessly at his side. Blood was pouring out of his shoulder.
They walked back slowly, and sat in the back of the wagon against the hay. John made sure Sherlock ate this time. "Where shall we go, dear heart?"
Sherlock stood up straighter, managing to project affronted dignity even in his debauched state. "You dragged me into the bedroom!"
John stopped working on him, trying to concentrate on his breathing.
John closed his mouth and looked down at his feet.
Sherlock shifted uncomfortably again. He turned back to John. "The girl her husband left her for. She was a Briton."
Sherlock's heart ached. He was missing the way John consistently showed him affection when they were alone. He knew that John couldn't call him anything but Sherlock, couldn't stroke his hair, and couldn't kiss him when other people were around. He knew it in his mind, but his heart didn't understand. He closed his eyes.
You're already late. What's a few more minutes?" Sherlock focused his attention on John's ear, nipping at the lobe.
Sherlock shook his head as he stood up unsteadily, tied his breeches, and found his shirt. "I'm going to choose a bottle of wine for tonight."
John and Clara had just begun chatting about the weather when Clara went still. John watched as her eyes went wide and her breath caught. She was looking past John's shoulder. John turned and saw Harry in the doorway, standing motionless. She was looking at Clara with an expression of pure wonder.
When John pulled up in front of Sherlock's building, he looked around quickly to make sure they were alone. He leaned across the seat to grab the front of Sherlock's shirt and kiss him one more time. He pulled back, keeping hold of Sherlock's shirt and looking into his remarkable eyes. They were ice blue in the light coming through the car window. "Can I call you later?"
Sunday, September 11th, 1977
. You should see the mouth-breathers my mother brings home for me."
John let his head rest on Sherlock's shoulder. "The thing is, it would be a while before I'd actually make any money. There are the startup costs, of course, and it would take time to build a patient base large enough to support a practice. Maybe... maybe a long time, given my... reputation at this point." John's nerves were getting the best of him.
Sherlock was beside John now, holding out a glass of scotch. "You like it?"
When John had Sherlock fed and medicated, he helped him lie back down. John got dressed in his jogging clothes.
mean it and I
A radiant smile broke over Sherlock's face. He pulled John into another slow kiss. John let go of Sherlock's hand so he could hold Sherlock's upper arms, keeping him close. He deepened the kiss, parting his lips to allow Sherlock in. Sherlock wrapped his arm around the small of John's back.
John moved to Sherlock's side and led him back to the bed. Sherlock removed his cloak and sat down. John bent down and pulled Sherlock's boot off. He stood back up.
Brahms, Fourth Symphony:
Sherlock stood behind John, wrapping his arms around John's waist and slouching down to rest his chin on John's right shoulder. John draped his arms over Sherlock's. They waited quietly for a few minutes, looking down at the darkened Plaza. John couldn't help gasping slightly when the Plaza's Christmas lights came on, outlining the buildings and towers below. Sherlock's arms tightened around him.
"Yes, I do."
Sherlock didn't move for a moment. Then he nodded slightly.
Sherlock put his hand on John's cheek. "I want to go on. It'll be all right."
He lay still for several minutes before propping himself up on his elbow and looking at his left leg. He needed to take his boot off to gauge the severity of the damage. Sherlock pushed himself up to a sitting position. The pain surged with his movements and he cursed into his hand again for several minutes. He was going to need both hands for this. He took one of his thick leather gloves off and put it between his teeth.
Sherlock scoffed. “As if one of them could hold my attention longer than five seconds.”
2:15pm
"Mmmm?"
(See the end of the chapter for
. And I'll be gone as soon as possible." His eyes burned into John's. "Now
Sherlock spoke up. “It was John who first noticed how hot you are.”
John's POV
John held him steady until his body went limp. He released him and took care of discarding the condom. Then he crawled up to Sherlock's side and wrapped himself around him, burying his face in Sherlock's neck.
John's POV
. He locked eyes with John. He pushed his fear away and surrendered completely. "I love you, John."
John licked his way back up the entire length of Sherlock's neck as he continued to thrust his hips forward, pinning Sherlock to the wall. He could feel Sherlock's cock pressing into him, next to his own. He moaned into Sherlock's neck. Sherlock was every bit as hard as John was.
John closed his eyes and whined. Sherlock nipped at John's neck. John wrapped his arms around Sherlock, pulling their bodies together roughly, desperate for friction. Then he growled in frustration. Sherlock had abandoned his habit of bending his knees when pressing against John to compensate for their height difference. The result was Sherlock's cock pushing insistently against John's belly, and John getting no friction at all. John tried for a moment to pull Sherlock lower, but Sherlock wasn't cooperating.
John giggled. Then his hand tightened in Sherlock's hair and heat came into his eyes. "Oh, Sherlock. I've barely
After several minutes had passed, John was feeling calmer. Then he looked up and saw a black mustang drive past the front window.
Sherlock's first solo takes place within the first two minutes of this video.
John sighed. "Fine. I have to be careful because I could lose my job, okay? And because my family would disown me." John broke eye contact, staring into a crate. "I've said it. Are you happy?"
John sat up after a moment. "I'm going to go back to the cellar to gather some things. I need to pack a bag."
Sherlock pulled himself up straighter on the couch. He closed the button John had pulled open. John sat back farther, trying to catch his breath. He closed his eyes, struggling with the urge to shove Sherlock down onto the couch and finish what they had started.
"Don't you worry about that. It's no trouble at all."
Sherlock stared down at him, his eyes wide and his breath coming in little gasps.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=PvMlsKhJsng
"Sherlock! That was the sexiest thing I've ever seen!"
He opened his eyes when he heard John pulling the potatoes out of the fire. When John saw Sherlock looking at him, he smiled. "Ah. You're awake. Are you hungry?"
"You can stop here. We're almost on top of it." John took another step forward and crouched down. He pushed the leaves aside to expose a wooden hatch. He pulled it open to reveal a stairway. "You don't have to go in. I just wanted you to know how to find it quickly."
John gave Bill and David a report on Susie's condition and stayed with her as they loaded her into the ambulance. He looked down at Susie. "You're going to be just fine, Susie. This is Bill and David. They're going to take you to the hospital now." He squeezed her hand and stroked her hair one more time before climbing back out of the ambulance.
Sherlock tugged on John's sleeve. "That castle was cold and hard." Sherlock's voice became earnest. "Your home is like you. Warm. Welcoming. Solid. Efficient. It's
Sherlock rolled his eyes and sighed heavily.
John's mother and Linda came in, both holding platters of food. "John! What are you doing in here?"
" He shot forward.
John ignored him and leaned closer to Greg, letting his hunger rough up his voice. “Think about it, Greg. The more sexual pleasure we give you, the more energy we receive. That means it’s in
Mike pushed John back. "Stop that, now! You'll have me crying like a baby!"
. He looked up in time to see Sherlock’s mouth drop open in surprise as the first loop dropped from between John’s teeth. He was definitely on the right track, then. He took the second loop between his teeth and pulled.
"My stupid car won't start. I'm sorry."
Sherlock leaned against the wall. He peered out from beneath his hood to watch John walk away. After John was out of sight, Sherlock watched the crowd. He was careful to keep his face in the shadow of his hood and avoid making eye contact with anyone. He passed the time waiting for John by observing various people to see how much he could learn about them just by watching and listening.
Without warning, Sherlock let go of John, tilted his upper body back, and threw his arms upward between John's body and his, breaking the hold John had on his upper arms. John gasped as Sherlock grabbed both of his wrists and pushed them roughly up over his head. It was a perfectly calculated move. Sherlock had yanked the right wrist up and slammed it against the pillar, but lifted the left with much less force, taking care not to aggravate John's damaged shoulder.
John shifted against the headboard, squaring his shoulders. “What are you? Why are you here?”
"I think I'll lie down, although I fear you'll find me lazy."
"Hear me out. I want to make it clear that I don't want you to do anything you aren't ready for. Say the word and we stop. No matter what. Promise me that you will tell me if you want to stop or take a break. At
, his fingers digging into Sherlock's hips. He shoved himself up against Sherlock, his still-clothed but
They sat in a small booth. Sherlock propped his violin against the wall next to him. A cheerful waitress came to take their order. She beamed at Sherlock. "Is that a violin?"
"Don't worry about it. I'll be there in ten minutes."
"How old were you?"
John smiled though his own tears and kissed Sherlock tenderly. "I love you."
Sherlock inhales sharply when their lips meet. He raises his free hand, unsure what exactly he means to do with it. He settles on resting it lightly on John's upper arm. Two of their hands are still clasped between them.
"I've never told anyone that before." John closed his eyes for a moment.
John turned to Sherlock. "I'd like to show you something after dinner if you're up to it. I have a hidden cellar in the back. If the King's men come this way looking for you, we'll hide you there."
He nodded weakly and headed for the elevator. He focused hard on keeping his composure as he drove home.
, John."
"Yes."
John rose up on his knees and pulled his shirt over his head, tossing it to the floor. He grabbed Sherlock's nightshirt and pulled up. Sherlock pushed up with his right leg, lifting his hips so John could get his nightshirt out from under him. He was looking intently up at John, eyes alight with passion.
Sherlock shrugged his shoulders without uncrossing his arms. He didn't look at John. "Why do you care what they say?"
Sherlock nods vehemently. John laughs breathlessly and kisses him again. The kiss begins as chastely as the first, but soon becomes more heated.
They sat quietly together for a long time.
going to pleasure you. This is what I do. I deduce your desires and I fulfill them.” He gripped John’s thighs with his large hands and leaned forward. “Not your
"Dear God, yes. Nothing but banquets and manners and diplomacy." Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Unimaginably repetitive."
They walked across the club, side by side. Their quarry was seated at the bar, an empty seat on either side. They couldn’t have asked for a more perfect moment to strike.
Sherlock pressed his cheek against John's head. He lifted a hand and stroked his fingers through John's hair. His breathing was beginning to calm. "Je veux être à toi pour toujours," he thought. "Tu es tout pour moi.
you that?"
Sherlock looked down at his hands. "John, I don't know how I'll ever be able to repay you for your kindness. I'll give you all the gold I have, of course, but if you're caught helping me, they'll... hurt you. Possibly kill you. I'm putting you in danger. I never should have allowed you to bring me here. I'll leave tonight before -"
Sherlock smiled at John. "You've done a better job of it than I ever could, John. I'd be lost without you."
John smiled. "Yes." He stroked his fingers through Sherlock's hair. "I'd been up in the middle of the night with a nightmare. I'd stood on the roof of my building and looked up here at your apartment, and I'd decided I was going to make you mine."
Sherlock made a noise of displeasure and reluctantly released John. He watched John get dressed and set out a supper of dried meat, chestnuts, and ale. Sherlock got dressed slowly and propped himself against the wall. John lit a candle and placed it on the small table. He pulled his chair up next to the bed and sat with Sherlock while they ate. After they were finished, John washed up and made sure the house was tidy. He also checked the fire, making sure it was out.
." His heart was aching. He put his hand over his chest and tried to breathe.
"How is Beau doing?"
John groaned again. He wiped ineffectually at his sweaty brow. "Ugh. I'm too disgusting to sit with you."
"Can I talk to you about something?"
great fools."
"Go on home, now, dear. It'll be all right."
do you think you're
He released him and sat up. A whimper of loss escaped Sherlock, but he looked up at John with unwavering trust.
“But - you said you want to pleasure me, and that’s what I like.”
John felt his shoulders drop in relief. "
John opened his eyes. He pulled Sherlock more tightly into his arms. "God, no, of course not." He felt some of the tension leave Sherlock's body. "Not with you. Victor, however, I could murder with my bare hands."
Sherlock pulled John's underclothes down and took John's cock into his mouth. John cried out, "Oh! Oh,
He lifted his bare chest slightly higher, a rakish smile crossing his face. “
"All right, John."
John crossed his arms. “And you think you know what I’d like.”
Sherlock could see John trying to calm himself. He wanted nothing more than to take John into his arms. His heart, and even his arms, ached with need. He closed his eyes.
! I need to get as far from here as possible."
John nodded and let a lascivious smile spread across his face. "Worth it." He sat up, swallowed the pill, and handed the glass back.
Clara didn't seem to have heard him. He grinned and lightly touched her arm. "Clara?"
John grinned at him. "I like it. Don't you like me talking to you like that?"
and told you it was on my way."
"I've got a little food in the kitchen. I think I can manage a couple of sandwiches." He stood up slowly, not sure his legs would hold him yet. Sherlock giggled at him.
John gaped at him incredulously.
John stroked Sherlock's hair. "Good."
Sherlock's other hand grabbed the back of John's head and pulled him into another kiss. The kiss broke as Sherlock began whimpering.
The heat was oppressive. John could feel sweat trickling down his back and catching in the waistband of his fatigues. He was there to deliver a message to Sholto, but he'd be damned if he could remember what it was when Sholto's eyes burned into his.
. You should have it back."
Sherlock's brow furrowed. "For what?"
As he settled back on top of Sherlock's thighs, he smirked. "Give me that big paw of yours."
The orchestra began playing as it had in rehearsal, although everything seemed to be heightened by the presence of the audience. John's heart pounded in his chest during each of Sherlock's solos. The orchestra finished the same way it had during rehearsal, and John lifted his hands to applaud before he noticed the people around him hadn't moved. He felt his cheeks flush pink as he lowered his hands.
Sherlock's face flushed again. "Of course you did. I didn't mean to imply..."
Then John's mouth was on his neck, kissing it, licking it, nipping at it gently. Sherlock whimpered, letting his eyes close. John let Sherlock's wrist and hair loose so he could grab the lapels of his dressing gown. He pushed it off of Sherlock's shoulders. Sherlock managed to tilt his body away from the door long enough to let the dressing gown fall and pool at his feet.
"Yes."
Sherlock's smile was warm. "Tell me."
"Seven."
Thursday, August 4th, 1977
" he growled, hands up in an aggressive posture.
I want it. If I weren't
John leaned closer to Sherlock. "Good." He put one of his hands up to take hold of Sherlock's black silk lapel. He heard Sherlock's breath hitch. "Thank you for giving me a second chance," he said quietly.
"Not as long... as you don't... lean on it."
Their bedroom was lit only by the pale light coming through the windows. John threw the covers back and began pulling Sherlock's clothes off of him, stopping frequently as Sherlock continually pulled him in to kiss him desperately. John giggled breathlessly. "Let me get your clothes off!" He bent down to finish removing Sherlock's trousers and underwear.
John's head snapped up. "I don't want my own bedroom!" He dropped to his knees in front of Sherlock. "I'm tired of hiding. I'm so tired of it. And I won't do it anymore."
Sherlock watched the firelight play on John's hair, making the golden strands stand out from the darker ones. He pushed himself down the bed carefully until he could lie flat. He continued gazing at John.
"You're not asking. I'm insisting. I'm sorry to overstep my place like this, but you're not going anywhere, Prince Sherlock."
Sherlock looked into John's eyes for a moment. He took his hand off of John's neck and stepped back. John reluctantly let go of Sherlock's lapels. Sherlock's eyes were still locked on John's. "Until Monday, John."
"What type of medicine do you practice, John?"
The smaller man grumbled again. "God only knows why."
"Yes, John.
(See the end of the chapter for
He opened his program:
He dragged himself out of bed and into the shower. He closed his eyes as he shampooed his hair. He saw Sherlock's face. Pain in his eyes. John shook his head and tried to think of something else.
"I am?"
John could almost
John came out of the barn leading a chestnut gelding with a white blaze. Sherlock's heart stopped. He tried to breathe normally while John hitched the horse to a small wagon. John got into the seat and drove toward Sherlock. He stopped next to Sherlock and leaped down. He was smiling until he caught sight of Sherlock's face.
Sherlock closed his eyes. He waited. He heard John move forward. He could feel John's presence. John's gaze. John's
He threw himself toward Sherlock, only to be yanked back into place by the restraints.
When Sherlock pulled back, John grinned. "Still want to go to the concert?"
John nods, smiling.
----------
Sherlock sighed against John's neck and dragged his tongue from just over John's collar to the hinge of his jaw. His other hand grasped John's waist. John let out a choked-off moan and tightened his fingers in Sherlock's hair. He heard Sherlock's breath hitch.
Sherlock smiled shyly. "All right, John."
He turned his head to check on Sherlock. Sherlock was still seated, and hadn't been sick. Yet. John looked around and saw that many of the other passengers were just as sick as he. As he watched, a man ran to the rail to join the others.
John closed his eyes for a few minutes as he recovered. Sherlock dropped off to sleep, but John forced himself up to get a washcloth.
." Sherlock changed his motion suddenly, twisting his hand on the head of John's cock.
Greg’s gaze was caught in the open collar of Sherlock’s ridiculously tight shirt. He was definitely a goner.
"It's wonderful."
John was dead on his feet. When Mike came in for his shift, he took one look at him and insisted on driving him home. John accepted thankfully, asking with some trepidation if Mike could take Sherlock as well. To John's immense relief, Mike agreed to take them both to Sherlock's place without questioning him. It took longer to get to Sherlock's building than they expected when they had to drive east to find a passable bridge. The destruction all around them was shocking. There was a knot of distress in John's gut. He knew that his apartment had been underwater during the night. He wondered if anything would be salvageable. He needed to tend to his property, but he couldn't fathom leaving Sherlock at the moment.
"It's fine, really. I was able to save a few lives before the injury took me out."
Sherlock grinned back. He hesitantly began to tell John what he'd observed that morning. As John listened, he couldn't stop himself from staring at Sherlock. His eyes lingered on Sherlock's strong forearms and graceful fingers, then his collarbone and the triangle of pale skin visible above his tortured shirt buttons, then his exquisite eyes, shining gray-green in the morning sunlight.
, Sherlock." His head dropped against Sherlock's chest.
John:
It was midday when John and Mike returned from exercising and caring for the horses. Sherlock propped himself up on Mike's bed.
The music was lovely. John listened as it ebbed and flowed. He tried to pay attention to the music, but over the next forty minutes he was mostly gazing at Sherlock and daydreaming.
Sherlock held John close as he slept. He watched John's chest rise and fall with his breathing. He put his ear to John's chest and listened to his heartbeat. He studied John's face. He was memorizing every minute detail of the miracle that was John Watson. Because Sherlock knew it couldn't last.
"Fine. Don't tell me. But you're not fooling anyone. I've seen that look before. You're in love, aren't you?"
"Hmm?"
John couldn't speak. He held his trembling hand out and nodded.
John looked to Molly, but she was gone. She'd slipped away while John was looking at Sherlock.
. He took a deep breath and began to untangle himself from Sherlock. Sherlock propped himself up on one elbow and looked at John with concern. John stroked Sherlock's hair with his clean hand. "Just going to get us cleaned up. I'll be right back." Sherlock dropped back down and closed his eyes.
He sat back, straddling Sherlock's thighs, and took a moment to look. Sherlock was stretched out between the headboard and John, wearing nothing but John's dog tags. His chest was rising and falling rapidly, his eyes burning with arousal.
. You thought I wasn't coming back?"
Sherlock turned away, staring out the windshield. "I'm a bit tired tonight."
"I thought I did. Before I met
John had decided to put Sherlock's straining shirt buttons out of their misery. He popped the top button open and dragged his mouth over the newly exposed skin at Sherlock's collarbone.
"John."
. He took a deep breath and tried to look casual.
John felt a surge of heat through his entire body. "God,
Sherlock broke into a smile at that, but quickly sobered. "This is going to sound strange. Please hear me out. I don't want you to misinterpret what I'm going to ask."
us. I won't let that happen to you."
John stared at Sherlock silently. Then he looked down and away. "Sherlock..." he began. Sherlock saw him take a shaky breath. He could see that John was steeling himself to say something. Perhaps John was going to put up more of a fight than Sherlock had expected. John stood up straight and looked Sherlock right in the eye. "I've already fallen in love with someone."
Mike shook his head. "It's a damn shame to destroy these fine things."
Keeping John's wrists pinned over his head, Sherlock reclaimed John's mouth and continued thrusting his hips against John's.
Sherlock let go and gave him an encouraging pat on the hip. “You’ll do nicely.”
John moved closer to Sherlock. "We're away. They aren't following."
Sherlock smirked and took the next turn way too quickly.
John scoffed. "As if I'd put a prince on the floor."
Susie was looking up at him now. She started crying.
Sherlock grinned back. "Perhaps not." He propped himself up on his elbows.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=fxsJ9qSsBpw
But Sherlock was pushing John's breeches and underclothes down, the desire in his eyes stronger than ever. "Together, together," he was saying. John shuddered as Sherlock exposed his aching cock. Sherlock put his hand to his own mouth. John moaned as he watched Sherlock licking at his hand. He lowered his body again as Sherlock reached for him. When Sherlock's wet hand closed around him, he cried out, "Oh, God,
"I was going to call you today."
"Do you prefer May or June?"
"And he's your... special friend?" Judy's smile was cold.
John faced forward again and held still as Sherlock sat up behind him. He watched Sherlock's legs come down off the bed, one on either side of John. John's heart was already pounding inside his chest. He gasped as Sherlock pressed his body against John's back.
"Hmm?"
“Greg, listen,” John said. “I’m going to lay it all out and you can take our offer or walk away. Your choice. We chose you a week and a half ago, and we’ve been watching you since to ensure we both find you suitable. Sherlock has a fondness for crime scenes and detective work. I frequently accompany him on his excursions because he finds my medical knowledge helpful. You caught our attention on one of those excursions.”
Sherlock took a moment to look at John before he dropped back down next to him. He put a trembling hand on John's cheek. "You're utterly gorgeous, John." John surged forward and kissed him hard. Sherlock gasped against John's mouth and clutched at John's hair.
interest to give you the greatest sexual experience of your life.” He pushed his hand into Greg’s hair. “Take us home, Greg.”
Sherlock smiled warmly at him. "It's fine. I would have done the same. I would have followed you
"Yes." Sherlock propped himself up on his elbows. He watched John put the potatoes onto plates with the rest of the rabbit stew. He put a slice of bread on each plate. Sherlock pushed himself up to sit against the wall as John filled both of their mugs with ale. John handed Sherlock his plate, but seemed to be avoiding eye contact. John sat at the table to eat.
"It will be worth it, John. Don't worry," Sherlock said, stroking his fingers through John's hair.
"But -"
John splashed some water on his face and walked out to his car, staying on the cement this time. He turned the key. Nothing. He tried to start the Vega for the better part of ten minutes before giving up. He got out, kicking the door so hard he dented it. "Piece of shit!"
"I love you, Sherlock. Haven't I told you that? Haven't I
Sherlock continued, "It's self-preservation. I'm... having feelings for you. Very strong feelings, in fact. Stronger than I've ever had for anyone."
John grinned at the riders. "Ho there! What brings two fine gentlemen all the way out here?"
. He smiled wolfishly at the defiant spark in Sherlock's eyes and lowered his head. Sherlock gasped as John swirled his tongue.
"East. Then south over the bridge."
Sherlock chuckled.
Sherlock let out a low, dirty chuckle. He tipped his head back and moved both ebony-tipped hands up to his collarbone. He began caress his own body devastatingly slowly, starting with his long, elegant neck. His leathery wings unfurled, their dark peaks and curves framing his alabaster body. As he moved down to his pectorals, he brought his head back down to make eye contact with John. His eyes burned with desire. John’s mouth dropped open as he strained against the ropes. An agonized noise escaped him.
Sherlock seemed unable to speak. John leaned over to the small table and took a drink from his mug of ale. Sherlock followed his lead and did the same. They finished their supper quietly.
John looked at the concrete floor. "You don't." John took a deep breath and let it out. "You're right. You've got no reason to trust me again. I'm sorry, Sherlock. Truly." He turned around and walked toward the stairwell.
John shuddered and moaned loudly, already struggling with Sherlock’s command to maintain eye contact. Sherlock continued to lick over the entire crown of John’s cock. He then plunged down without any further warning, taking John’s entire length in at once.
Sherlock grabbed John's wrist. "No! I'm the one who should be sorry. I've already caused you too much trouble. I'll be on my way as soon as the sun goes down."
And then John's fingers were tangling in silky curls. He pulled back and opened his eyes. Sherlock looked up at him, eyes blazing with desire. He arched his back and shoved his hips upward as John stroked him. He threw his head back in ecstasy, exposing his neck. John immediately dropped down to lick Sherlock's neck, tightening his grip on Sherlock's hair to keep his head back. Sherlock gasped. "Oh!
John's POV
Sherlock nodded his head and let it fall against John's shoulder. "I'm so sorry for what I said, John. I didn't mean it."
The old woman had continued screaming at Sherlock. He turned and shouted something else at her. She stopped cold. Then she screamed something that sounded an awful lot like "demon" and began throwing things at Sherlock.
John should also be referring to trousers as "pants," but I thought "trousers" would be less confusing.
Mycroft nods and moves to exit.
"Concertmaster. Your playing was so... expressive. It was beautiful." John tilted his head, trying to see Sherlock's face.
“I will, when you stop interrupting!”
When they hung up, John slumped against the wall in relief.
John stroked Sherlock's cheekbone with his thumb. "You want to come now?"
John came around the door. His cloak was draped over his arm. He must have gotten hot with the exertion of cutting the firewood. His fawn-coloured hair was damp with perspiration at his temples. Sherlock felt a rush of heat through his body at the sight of him.
After they'd made themselves presentable, John followed Sherlock into the elevator. Sherlock pressed the button for the basement instead of the ground floor. "I'll drive," he said in response to John's puzzled look. John couldn't help grinning. He'd been itching to get a closer look at that Mustang.
Sherlock sat back, offended. “You don’t seriously expect me to present myself like a show dog, do you, John?”
the best you’ll ever have. I’ve only got twenty-six years’ experience myself, but lucky for you I’m a fast learner.”
"John, wait -"
Johns fingers brushed against the sides of Sherlock's neck. Sherlock reacted with a jerk and a quick intake of breath.
Sherlock was looking intently at John. "Thank you," he said, "For caring for me and helping me. I could never have gotten this far without you."
"Have
"I went running first thing in the morning, and there you were. You were so gorgeous. I can still see you now, sunshine catching in your hair, eyes bright and beautiful, shirt buttons barely holding. You always did wear your shirts tight like that. Drove me crazy. I was constantly fighting the urge to rip them off of you, you know."
John jumped a little. He hadn't heard Sarah approach him. "What?"
Sherlock stared up at him. "We're going to be all right, John."
" John shouted.
would I want you to leave your shirt on?"
This is an intensely personal work, influenced not only by the history of my home town, but by my own family's history.
As he pulled Sherlock's shirt out of his trousers and opened it, John pressed his mouth against Sherlock's chest. Sherlock tipped his head back, lifting a hand and resting it lightly on the back of John's head. John pushed Sherlock's shirt and vest off his shoulders and flung them over a chair. "God, you're gorgeous," he said quietly against Sherlock's skin. Sherlock had a surprising amount of muscle tone for such a thin man. John dragged his fingers and his mouth everywhere he could reach.
"John."
John pulled the coverlet up. His deep blue eyes met Sherlock's. Sherlock could see the heat in his eyes for just a moment before John broke eye contact and quickly moved away. Sherlock tried to breathe normally. His leg was throbbing.
They quickly made their way to the cellar. John opened the hatch and guided Sherlock down the stairs. He put the pack down. "There's a lamp and a flint right here," John said in a rush, pointing the items out. "
John walked around to the front of the wagon and caught sight of Sherlock. He was standing next to Beau, stroking his neck and talking to him quietly.
Sherlock stopped to take one last look at John. The pain in his leg was horrible, but it was the pain in his heart that was truly unbearable. His vision blurred because of the tears in his eyes.
Sherlock smiled. "Wherever you like. All I care about is you."
The spatula clattered onto the counter. John walked quickly to the door, barely managing for decency's sake not to run.
He began shedding his clothes as he walked to the bathroom. While he was waiting for the shower to warm up, he thought about taking Sherlock out to lunch, hoping Sherlock would be back in time to eat before John's 2:00pm shift at the hospital.
Sherlock pulled back and sat up on his heels between John’s legs, knees spread. John lurched forward against his restraints in an instinctive attempt to follow. The loss of contact was unbearable.
"I was stationed at a field hospital. We came under fire and I was hit."
Sherlock sighed and cast his eyes toward the ceiling. "Have it your way. I promise."
Sherlock's eyes fell closed. A tear slipped out from under his eyelashes and tracked down his cheek.
(See the end of the chapter for
of you. Every single piece of you is perfect. Are you hearing me, John?"
"If you don't want me to treat you like a disobedient child, then
They found a spot on the side street where they could sit against a wall. John insisted that Sherlock use the fur coverlet as a cushion.
Sherlock whimpered and did as John said. John took Sherlock's hand down and wrapped it around his cock. He kept his own hand on top of Sherlock's and began to stroke. Sherlock gazed up at him, his mouth slightly open, his breathing still heavy.
Sherlock put his arm over the crutch and leaned on it. He grinned at John. "Perfect."
Sherlock heard John's breath catch.
“Enough talk,” he rumbled. The play of the muscles and tendons under his pale skin as he moved was mesmerizing. Had John been capable of coherent thought, that thought might have been that he now knew what it would look like if a marble statue could be brought to life as pure sex.
He hitched Beau up again. They drove until dusk began to fall and stopped in a little grove of trees in an isolated area.
Sherlock stroked his hands down John's back. He took hold of John's arse and pulled him down. John let his weight fall against Sherlock. Both of them groaned as their bodies crushed together. John rolled his hips gently. Sherlock gasped and pushed up against him. "John, oh John, t-touch me!
. He smiled to himself, remembering how they wound up there. He walked over and stopped short. Sherlock's watch was still next to his.
"But first, we need to drink some water. I'm afraid we're both rather badly dehydrated." John barred the door and set his pack down. He pulled out their drinking water and some flatbread. He handed Sherlock's water skin to him. "Slowly. Just a sip at a time. And eat this," he said, handing him a piece of flatbread. "
John dropped the receiver back onto the hook.
Sherlock let out a low moan. His hips hitched upward. John captured Sherlock's left hand and laced their fingers together, relishing the familiar stretch as his own fingers spread between Sherlock's larger ones.
Sherlock reluctantly took John's hand and allowed him to pull him upright. He stood with his weight fully on his right leg. He stifled a cry of pain.
John squeezed both of his arms between their bodies and pulled clumsily at Sherlock's shirt buttons. He dragged his mouth back down Sherlock's neck and onto his chest, licking at the pale skin he was revealing as he worked Sherlock's shirt open.
Sherlock looked down at the watch. "Oh... thank you, John. Will you come in?"
John could feel Sherlock's body heat through the nightshirt. He could feel the muscles in the young man's back tightening and shifting as he lowered his body into John's bed. John's breath hitched. He pulled the coverlet up to Sherlock's chest. Sherlock's gorgeous eyes burned into his. John quickly averted his eyes and stumbled back a step.
John smiled and went to Sherlock. He slid into bed with him and curled up at Sherlock's side, with his head on Sherlock's shoulder. Sherlock was warm and pliant with sleepiness. John put his right hand across Sherlock's body and took Sherlock's left hand. He twined their fingers together and rested them against Sherlock's belly. He whispered, "I love you, Sweetheart."
"The honour is mine. Please, call me Sherlock."
John poked at his scrambled eggs with his fork.
John walked slowly toward the couch, looking at the records as he went. Sherlock's collection was varied and extensive. He saw classical recordings, Motown, and Broadway as he passed the shelves.
car?"
else. He rinsed his hair. As John washed the rest of his body, he saw Sherlock's smile. His dark, curly hair. His gorgeous eyes. The way his shirt strained over his chest, the buttons barely holding. A surge of heat rushed through John's entire body. He turned the water to cold.
John gaped at Sherlock, clearly speechless. Sherlock lifted his hand to the neckline of John's shirt and took hold of it. His hand fisted around the laces at the top of John's shirt. He pulled John down and kissed the corner of his mouth.
"It's not exactly the kind of thing a young man buys for himself. So someone gave it to you - or left it to you. You had it over the fireplace, at the focal point of the room. It had to have belonged to someone important to you. Probably someone who has died. The most likely candidate: your mother. Mike kept it for you while you were at war."
https://youtu.be/17lEx0ytE_0
John stroked Sherlock's chest. "I'm so sorry, my love. Go ahead and cry. I won't think less of you. And it might help a little."
John took his and Sherlock's water skins to the well and filled them. While he was outside, Sherlock repacked his bag. John came back in and stood in front of Sherlock. He rolled up the fur coverlet and tied it to his pack with twine. "Ready?" he asked.
John grinned broadly. "Is that a yes?"
John dropped his voice even lower. "Because I couldn't stop thinking about doing
As they walked together, John was still in conflict.
8:45am
Sherlock growled loudly. He smacked both hands against the mattress and lifted his head to glare forcefully at John. "
Sherlock tucked himself under a tree root and made himself as inconspicuous as he could. He draped his drab brown cloak over his body and scattered dry leaves over the cloak before pulling his arms beneath the cloak. He took his hunting knife from his belt. All he could do now was wait. And
Sherlock came forward and bent to look into the cellar at John's supplies.
John approached the cellar hatch. "Sherlock, Sherlock, it's me." He opened the hatch, ran down the stairs, and grabbed Sherlock. Sherlock and John clung to each other silently for several minutes.
A note about consent to be read before this chapter as needed: Sherlock is working with some outdated notions about consent here. He is grievously offended when John mistakes him for a rapist. However, he does not wait for the explicit and enthusiastic consent that is featured in my other works. He instead relies on physical cues and signs of arousal in his target. Additionally, as a demon, he is threatening and frightening at times. This is why I have used the dubious consent tag. If this will disturb you, I invite you to try one of my other works which feature explicit and enthusiastic consent. Thank you for reading! ❤️
Sherlock shook his head. "No, no, just leave me here. I'll be fi-"
, John thought to himself. There were flecks of gold in both eyes, and a brown spot above the man's right pupil.
Sunday, September 4th, 1977
John sat up a little so he could see Sherlock's face. Sherlock's eyes were closed. He looked like he was in pain. John put his hand to Sherlock's cheek. "Sherlock?"
The guards were just a few feet away now. Sherlock was trembling, his eyes squeezed shut as he willed John not to return while the guards were there.
John's words made Sherlock's breath hitch. His cock, which had reawakened during his exploration of John's body, throbbed insistently.
"... Oh..."
. And you are a wonder, Sherlock." John smiled brightly at him. His thumb stroked Sherlock's cheek. "Truly remarkable."
Sherlock took his trousers and pants off and cleaned himself. He took his shirt off as well and put his dressing gown on. He looked at his face in the mirror. He had never looked so... debauched. His complexion was pinker than usual. His hair was riotous. There were small marks on the left side of his neck. Sherlock trailed his fingers over the marks.
“Second, we are the only bonded pair. I’m extraordinarily young for an incubus, so I need a human at least once a fortnight. We keep each other busy the rest of the time.”
Sherlock pulled his arms out from under John's, leaving one hand at John's waist while he reached for something on his music stand. John turned his head to watch Sherlock pull an envelope from behind a piece of music and press it into John's hand.
"Scheherazade? Like the character in 'Arabian Nights'?"
“I know you don’t believe me. I don’t blame you; I wouldn’t either. We can prove it easily enough, but we don’t want to do it in a crowded club.” John pointed at Sherlock. “Just look at him, Greg. Even if we’ve made it up, wouldn’t it be worth playing along to have a go at him?”
A low growl came from John's throat. He tugged at Sherlock's hair and ground his hips down again. Sherlock arched his back as John tugged his head back, tipping his chin up and exposing his neck.  John attacked Sherlock's neck, nipping and licking at it. Sherlock was trembling and gasping beneath him. He pulled at John's shirt, trying to take it off.
Sherlock pointed across the water. "Look."
When he'd finished speaking, Holmes turned on his heel and stalked over to a baby grand piano near the living room windows, the silk robe he wore over his clothes fluttering behind him. He began digging furiously through the large pile of paper on top of the piano's lid.
Sherlock gasp at the contact. His arousal surged, and he pressed in harder. Sherlock's grip tightened in John's hair.
Sherlock looked at him doubtfully. "You're okay with this?"
John turned to face him. He pointed his spatula at Sherlock. "Oh, no. I'm not taking the blame for this."
Sherlock glared at him. "What do you want from me?"
about you."
Sherlock's grin faded. "I know it's hard, though. Not being with your family."
," he commanded.
John sat up and leaned forward. He stared at the port for a moment before turning back to Sherlock. He gave Sherlock a weak half-smile. "Oh, thank God. I may live after all."
Sherlock was silent, waiting for John to continue.
"Do you have family nearby, then?"
Sherlock watched John with fire in his eyes, his frustration melting away. John adjusted his hips so his cock rested against Sherlock's and reached down. As John's hand closed around both of them, Sherlock's eyes closed. "Oh,
