Mycroft nodded an 'of course' and made the arrangements necessary. Once John was done and prepared they all entered the car and drove to the hospital, John dozing in the car once again, his head resting on Gregs shoulder, as he and Mycroft exchanged glances, holding each others hands. When they reached the hospital Gregory tried shaking John gently awake, but other than a mumble he stayed out of it, so his partner got out, went around to the door, and lifted John easily, frowning as he feels a bit of weight loss.
He was pulled out of his thoughts when he felt Sherlock retch against him, and he quickly dragged him over to the toilet and lifted the seat, rubbing his back as he kept retching, bringing up some more water as well as some of the mucus that was coating his lungs, Mycroft held his shaking body upright, looking at Anthea when he coughed again hard, and he moved his spare hand to rub his chest as well. With a mighty cough and retch combo, Sherlock managed to bring up a blood clot, and at the same time his nose started bleeding, grabbing offered tissues he stemmed the bleeding and pinched the nose shut, hugging the exhausted body to his chest. Relieved he could feel his brother breathing as he rested, he looked at the screen Anthea showed him, which simply said '
When he got home he staggered up the stairs, a flood of sensations and memories overwhelming him, his shaky hand forced the key into the lock and unlocked it, entering and slamming the door shut, collapsing against it as he remembered being torn apart by a monstrous object, feeling the rocking sensation, in a sense of panic checking his pants as he feels liquid on the back of his pants, shaking terribly when he sees his hand dry, yet convinced there is blood. With immense effort he stands, and staggers to the kitchen, staring at the medicine cabinet where they keep his various medications, making it to the sink just in time to vomit at the overwhelming urge to take them all at once, he grabbed the bottle of whiskey still out and swished it around his mouth, spitting it out, before in quick succession gulping down the last of the remains, grabbing a full bottle and stumbling to the bathroom.
"Sherlock has gone for a wander around with Greg, so that he won't run off, I'm here to take you to look at the newest victim. If you don't mind me asking, are you okay John? You look exhausted."
He stared into her soft, understanding eyes, sighing and giving her a nod. "Most of its better to just show you, rather than tell."
With that he hung up, Lestrade sighed and apologised, before leaving for the night, offering John a ride home upon realising Sherlock had already left.
"Yes, looks like the tip of the killers nose, no wonder he was angry. Get a rush on it to pathology. To see if the DNA fits anyone in the system."
started, before moving on to places to hide, he saw hints of scars, but not what he was looking for, he wasn't too worried, he had the group, with plenty of pickings for him.
Mycroft took his time working in his office, taking his stress out in his work, and finding it very satisfying. When he found himself needing a break, he did something he knew would calm him, he went to his bedroom and started making the bed, just in time for another text to come through to Greg's phone, curious, he flipped it over and looked at the notifications on the lock screen.
With an absent nod, Sherlock strode back out, quieter than ever, and getting into a cab without John by his side, or noticing. John walked over to what he noticed, and gestures Lestrade over to what he spotted, pointing silently to a singular mans foot print, mostly obstructed by her coat, hazardously discarded on the floor, closer investigation lead to a more sinister to what had occurred. Just when John was about to leave the scene, he got a call, glancing at the number and sighed, answering it.
Sally woke with an uneasy feeling. The echoes of her nightmare dancing around her, she checked her phone and saw the time, yawning, about to fall asleep, before the unread message registered in her mind.
With barely veiled horror, he was staring at scars littering his brothers thighs, most sticking out of the boxers, he tore his eyes away and moved forward, just in time to catch Mycroft's limp body, heaving him back up onto the bed, slipping the oxygen mask that Mycroft had carelessly tossed aside as his breathing hitched up into panicked hyperventilating, eyes wide, and his usual icy mask shattered, as he stared in sheer panic at his younger brother, clasping at his hand. The monitors picked up on the erratic breathing and heart rate and screamed their displeasure, private nurses (only the best for the British Government after all) raced in, and stopped at a moment they had never encountered with their worst patient, he was accepting help, even more so, the help of his brother, their second worse patient (some would argue it was the other way round.) Sherlock held his brother by the shoulders, eyes staring into eyes, as they together worked on slowing Mycroft's breathing, once the monitors had calmed, Sherlock snapped his fingers and pointed to a nurse without looking at her.
"You know that when Mycroft finds out about this, he is going to kill me and my body will never be found, but before that, 20 bucks says the next 10 people who walk past us assume we're a couple."
She had been about to administer a near fatal shock to his heart when John Watson had gained her attention, the patch from where she'd gotten skin to graft over his hole so she could slice along his spine, staring down at the screens in the floor, his knees almost buckled as he remembered the sound of the saw she was about to use to gain access to his brain. He finished in the shower and darted out, putting on a pair of Gregory's sweatpants and hoodies, inhaling the scent, and going back out to the kitchen, uncovering the cakes.
John fell into silence, no amount of prompting getting him to continue, as he got a look in his eye that Greg associated with Sherlock, one that said he was running through facts, patiently Greg sat back and waited. He'd just made them both a tea when Mrs Hudson stumbled upon them.
It was late when Mycroft got home. Very late. He knew something was wrong as soon as he entered the house, as he entered the kitchen he noticed the smell of hours old vomit in the sink, as well as the empty bottle of whiskey, he felt his heart sink, he knew he had one, it swelled with love when he saw Greg. A rustle made him cautiously approach the living room, where he spotted the pale face of his partner, the smell of nicotine hung around him, as well as alcohol, and, did he detect blood? He tried removing the blanket to get a closer look but he got a groan in response as well as a flinch, understanding it much have been the case, he with a few keystrokes looked into the newer information, understanding washing over him as he read what had been found in Ashley. He resisted the urge to eat the second cake he had made, instead working on trying to wake up his boyfriend, to see what the damage may be, he knew fully what his habits were.
"John! John! I need to speak out loud and throw ideas at and frankly Mrs Hudson doesn't help at all."
"I'm sorry, I couldn't stop him, he just raced down here..." Lestrade trailed off as his eyes found the body, rapidly paling at the sight of the blood and the gashes.
An hour later, he was panting and taking a break from his intense work out when he got a new message.
Mycroft stood and composed himself, his brother already half in his arms. "Patient is male, Name Sherlock Holmes, he has been sick for the past few days, he was found starting to drown in the tub, compression's were given, in the last half an hour he has vomited twice, the second time resulted in him coughing up a blood clot and have a bleeding nose which has stopped now, his fever has risen over the past half hour as well," he paused, handing over the notebook of fever and symptoms. "The clot and nose bleed is what led to the call. I am Mycroft Holmes, and the young woman beside you is Anthea."
Distantly, he was aware of a medic telling him to breathe. On some level he was aware of the fact no oxygen was reaching his lungs, but he couldn't for the life of him work out how to do so. All he could hear was his heart racing, attempting to leap over to Greg. He noticed with detached thoughts just how much it hurt, not breathing. He watched from afar as the bandages were peeled off, with blood sluggishly pouring out,
"Actually, John, my lunch break is coming up, and I normally eat at a nice little cafe down the street, how about we all go together? My shout."
"Greg my dear, I couldn't go back to sleep when you left, so I took a look at the case you are currently on, and feel it is my duty to tell the two of you to keep an eye on my brother more so than usual. The nature of this case could strike close to him."
He walked past her, intending to grab a pair of gloves, when his arm got grabbed, and he looked down into horror struck eyes, "a word of warning, it's a bloodbath in there."
He shyly nodded, allowing her to lead him to the room they used for first aid, looking at her figure from behind and smiling, she would do perfectly. She turned and shut the door behind him, and instantly he adopted the shy persona again. She got him to sit opposite her, and she unravelled the bandages, completely focused on the task.
He entered the meeting, inwardly smiling, this is what he was looking for. He could smell the thick smell of depression. Feel the heaviness of suicidal thoughts. The smothering, choking feel of anxiety. The heavy fog of dissociation. Taking a breath to centre himself, he himself shrouded himself in the cloak that made him fit in so well with them, lingering in the background, like any newbie would, waiting until the leader gestured him forward, and he joined the group hesitantly. Sitting in one of the empty chairs, he withdrew into himself, making himself seem small, while gauging every ones reactions.
He followed her into the car, only half surprised to see Sherlock in the car, automatically assuming that Rosie was now with Mrs Hudson. The ride to the hospital was tense and silent, more so as Anthea's constant typing became more frantic, she excused herself to the front part with the driver and made a phone call, leaving Sherlock and John sitting next to each other. Of its own accord, John's leg started bouncing, and Sherlock settled his hand on it, softly rubbing.
She stumbled to her call, fingers flying over her keys, sending a message to the unknown higher up in charge of the case.
"Oh God, so you did see it... Well, I was thinking maybe you'd like a coffee, get some caffeine in you, maybe a meal, and then maybe we just walk around? I could show you a sick Sherlock if you wanted? He's almost tolerable when he's sick, more stubborn, but tolerable."
As he spoke, he dipped the cloth into the lukewarm water and gently cleaned off the blood off his brother, taking care to clean off every spot, moving the bowl of now red water to the sink, and tipping it out, helping him put the gown back on and buttoning it up for him, smiling when he saw it was designed to look like a suit. Hanging the umbrella close to them both, he took a seat beside his brother and held his hand.
With a nod, he proceeded to the room, pausing at the sight. Apart from the blood, he immediately noticed one other thing, the note. Walking delicately over to it, he read:
Oh yes there certainly are plenty of those, starting with the different types of psychiatric medications, so, they were both fighting different disorders, note I used the word disorder, not illness, yes, either word is correct technically speaking, however judging by the length of how long each prescription is, and the general chaos, suggests it is indeed a disorder. Something you of course would know all about John. There is also of course the fact our first victim did not leave a note however the second one, though it was in blood, seems an odd way to leave a note, the posing suggests that it was the victim who did indeed write it, however i would like to get an exact Time of Death from Molly, as well as a rough estimate how long that blood had been up there. We also have the methods, self harm is of course the common denominator, however both had an additional. Victim one over dosed, which is of course statistically common with woman, while victim two used a gun, counter productive really, seeing as he was already bleeding out,
"Alright boys, do you two need me to stay here as a mediator? Or can you two behave enough so I may go out?"
Ignoring the frown he got, he made his way to his car on auto pilot. Driving back to the house he shared with Mycroft, more accurately, Mycroft bought for them. He knew he'd be alone for several hours, as Myc had back to back meetings all day, which he would cancel in a second if Gregory requested it, but he needed time alone.
look. He bit his lip in thought, before re-entering the room, making his presence known loudly to the distressed man, he tapped his hand on Johns shoulder, and smiled when he turned around and attached himself to Greg instead. Molly mouthed a silent 'thank you' at him, he nodded and guided the man to a more isolated part, the two of them sitting on the floor, at that point, John clung to Greg, sobbing more, surprising the older man.
"... You're joking, right? He's joking?" He turned to Mycroft for a brief second, rolling his eyes as he opened his mouth, "forget it, it was a rhetorical question, I know he's not joking, unfortunately. Mate, you are what happened. You, and me, shut up Myc, I know that ain't proper grammar, this case, and nightmares from Sherrinford. The idiot has been worrying himself for months over Sherrinford, knowing he can't talk to his boyfriend because the moronic genius locked the memory away, again, so he instead keeps up with his boyfriends sleep pattern, whatever that may be to get rid of his nightmares. He takes care of you instead, and makes sure all of us are happy and fine, because he can't look after himself, and then this case happens, and I happen, so he gets more worried, you get sick visiting me, he doesn't notice you getting worse, so he gets hysterical, has a go at Myc about it, hating himself for it, triggering himself into a flashback, which later triggers himself into nightmares last night because he hasn't been sleeping because he's worried about YOU!!"
"Oh do use your brain. We found a condom wrapper, hidden in an obvious place, and the last victim was, assaulted, the chances are so high even Anderson could guess."
He strode back out before fully examining the body, with a resigned sigh, John looked towards Lestrade for permission, after a slight pause, it was given, with glazed over eyes. Brushing off the behaviour, he crouched beside the victim, pulling out a spare magnifying glass he took from Sherlock once, looking closer at the arms, before moving into the head wound, ignoring the two scoffs behind him, before getting back up and leaving, opting to walk back to the flat, feeling no need to vocalise his findings, he was simply confirming what they all already knew.
Sally gathered up what little dignity she had left and lead John up to the room where the body was. He followed her into the room and took a second to centre himself, the stench of blood was stronger at this crime scene than the previous one, and it wasn't hard to see why. There was limited dry patches where the blood hadn't reached, and the source of the blood was clear to see to all who were in the room. Along with the butchering of the arms, the neck had also been sliced all around, and the legs along the femoral artery had also been butchered. Standing on little benches strategically placed over the blood, John got closer, and saw efforts to cut organs, he suspected the heart, out of the chest cavity. With a gloved hand, he shifted the bra strap to look closer at a scar he'd seen poking out, closing his eyes when it confirmed it was self inflicted, and he scanned along the rest of the body, nodding when he confirmed suspicions. He scanned the room for any obvious notes before striding out, purposely bumping into Donovan as he did so, as he walked into the kitchen first, his smirk looking very Sherlock when he saw a row of various psychiatric medications, reading over each of them before noting the doctors who prescribed them. On a hunch he whirled back and walked first to the bathroom and looked through cabinets and then the bedroom, ignoring the line of people behind him.
He listened as the leader said they had a few new faces, and would they like to share, staring right him, and he bowed his head, nodding, clearing his throat and shifting nervously.
John watched the screens, gagging, as Eurus moved closer to see his stomach contracting as he did so, watching his blood vessels, before poking his spleen with the scalpel, causing it to burst, with another scream of his.
Slowly he came out of it, hyperventilating on the bathroom floor, lying on his back in a pool of blood. Weakly he sat up, and mechanically started cleaning up, mopping the blood off the floor, taking a bath to wash the blood off him and out of the clothes, bandaging his arms, putting away the supplies. He walked sluggishly to the bedroom, sliding on a long sleeve top and a pair of sweatpants, with wide eyes, he grabbed his soft toy and staggered out to the living room, feeling his mental age regress, yet too tired to stop the child like actions coming out, grabbing Mycrofts blanket off his chair, inhaling the scent as he passed out on the sofa, curled under the blanket, and cuddling the toy.
John stood panting from his outburst, turning away from the shaken man, running his hand through his hair, turning and punching the concrete wall next to Mycroft as his mess of thoughts lingered to the Sherrinford events once again, noticing the flinch beside him, as he does it again and again and he can feel pulling tingles. His final punch changed his surroundings, and he whipped around with terrifying speed, he rapidly paled as he recognised where he was, he saw the bed Eurus had him on, and then he was in it, strapped in, and looking up at three separate screens on the ceiling. On one was Sherlock, desperately following clues to find both him and Mycroft, on the second was Mycroft, in a similar position to John, and the third had John himself. John watched in horror, as Eurus put a jar with rats on her brothers stomach and heated the bottom of it, flicking a button and a camera on one of the rats blinked on, it filling half the screen, she left the room where her brothers panicked words followed her, entering instead Johns room.
John thrust his hands out, in one he received his on-the-go coffee mug, which he sipped at, and the other, Sherlocks warm slender hand, and together they got the Doctor on his feet. He drank more of his coffee and stared at his friend, who was vibrating with excitement, and, something else, with a glance, he noticed two nicotine patches on his arm, but no track marks as of late. Before John had the chance to notice anything else, he was dragged out the door and into a waiting cab, out of habit, he looked at the cabbie driver, he'd never gotten over his first case, and Sherlocks small sigh of relief told him the same thing, they sat it in silence all the way to the crime scene, but seriously, who kills someone so early?
John scowled at the disconnected call, before throwing his phone at the wall, smiling as he heard a satisfying crack.
It took her a while to gasp out the words, her chest heaving as she fought the floating feeling that came before her dissociative episodes. "W-what? My, my, my note?"
Nodding he brushed back the curls stuck to his forehead, wordlessly asking for the thermometer, and taking his temperature, frowning when he sees its gone up again, taking the offered flannel and placing it on his forehead, removing the tissues and sighing when the bleeding stopped. Thinking ahead, Anthea grabbed a clean pair of boxers and helped Mycroft pull them onto the limp man with practise, it wasn't the first time the two had found him like this, just in time for Mrs Hudson to lead the Paramedics into the bathroom.
They found themselves standing in the sitting room holding hands and smiling at each other. Judge Peterson held a bible while his wife sat on the couch watching the scene play out in front of her.
"Same way I knew you are also apart of the university's ROTC program, away from home farther and longer then you have ever been before, and came over here to prove to your other knot-headed friends that you are God's gift to Alphas by trying to chat me up. I observed."
All Holmes heads turned towards John and at that moment he wished he had the power of invisibility. Violet looked like she was about to tear John a new arsehole before Siger stepped in "John, why don't we go in the study?" Siger put his hand on John's back and started leading him out of the kitchen "We'll be safer in there." He whispered to him.
Charlotte had gone upstairs and came back down in her dance clothes and bag thrown over her shoulder. "I'm off!" She said as she headed towards the door.
He rolled his eyes at himself, he closed his eyes and abandoned the thoughts. An Omega had no place in his life. An Omega would just distract him. He didn't need an Omega.
You tell me about the different things you've been doing and seeing and I tell you about the latest cases I've been on. Everything is dull without you. You are the only one that makes me feel normal.
Mycroft spoke up "You know as well as I brother that my place is better served behind the scenes, besides you know the law, an Alpha must take the throne, I being an omega cannot."
I guess this leave had been a while in the making but right now my eyes sting from tears, my heart feels like it will break, and my head is too cloudy from depression that I cannot for the life of me access my mind palace without seeing your face.
Mycroft and Greg started snickering obviously trying to maintain composure from doubling over into a full fit of giggles "To think I almost didn't come tonight." Mycroft said pulling himself together. "Do let me know how they take meeting your new friend." Mycroft started to walk away leading Greg with him.
Think of what could be, think of what's great about you and I, even all the things that we've gone through.
He started preparing John by sticking his fingers into his tight hole to loosen it a bit. Omegas naturally lubricated unlike betas who had to use some kind of lube.
John looked at his alarm clock and just laid in bed minutes after the alarm went off. He was still bothered by the royal family's lack of sensitivity towards Omega issues and it didn't help that Sherlock didn't come to his defence.
John caught his breath as his eyes began to fog but kept himself together by telling himself this was not the time to become emotional.
Oliver looked up in panic "This baby isn't going to wait! He's at 10cm and already starting to crown!"
John shoved Andrew "He's been busy with a case. It happens, I'm sure somewhere down the line I'll forget an anniversary or something."
John walked out of the university with his new class schedule passing by fellow students who were doing the same but also moving into the dorms. To keep costs down on his family he opted to stay at home, the army may pay for his schooling but room and board were his responsibility since he was an Omega and not needed as much.
They didn't want anything huge after the ceremony. They just had hors d'oeuvres and then of course the traditional cake.
The cuckoo clock struck and music began to play. It was an old song, something long ago forgotten in another language.
Dumbfounded at what just happened James yelled at him "John there's plenty of bitches out there! Don't get hung up on just one!"
They lay awake for a couple more hours, discussing in hushed voices the possibilities of tomorrow, before they too drifted off to sleep.
But as the hour ticked by and Mycroft didn't show up, Sherlock found himself growing increasingly anxious. Where the hell was he?
"Wow, what a load of crap," John remarked, chuckling. "They actually think that's supposed to fix behavioral problems?"
There were several seconds of silence across the roof. Jim and Irene huddled around their fallen comrade, who was crying as he slowly bled out, completely at a loss for what to do. None of their backup plans accounted for anything like this, and it wasn't as if they could just take him to the school doctor's office without questions being asked.
"I was weak," said Mycroft, though it broke his cold shell of a heart to say it. "And I paid the price for it. I will not make that mistake ag-"
"The bullet is clean," Sherlock had remarked when he picked it up. "And you honestly thought, even for a second, that I was dead, Mycroft? Wow, you must be slipping."
On this particular day he was in the process of deciding how he was going to go about the next phase of his plan, when suddenly he was interrupted by loud sobbing coming from down the hall.
At the same time that he realized he could hear the storm outside a bit clearer than he should be able to, Sherlock felt a breeze. He was near an open window....no, more likely a door. The breeze was coming from above: it was a door above a stairway. Yes, Sherlock's present location was coming together piece by piece, and he hadn't opened his eyes once.
And that little, insignificant, two-letter word was what did it. Not the realization that Moriarty was going to kill both him and his brother, and he had no idea how to stop it. No, it was that word– breathed out by his stupidly attractive roommate in his stupidly sexy voice, and what it did to his heart– that broke Mycroft Holmes.
"That took you about 4.3 seconds, by the way," Moriarty commented after glancing at his pocket watch. "Are you having an off day, Sherlock?"
John just nodded. He didn't know what to say next, so he turned to open his trunk, wincing as he did so. He had been wincing all week long, in response to the tiniest movements, but it never hurt any less.
"Yeah, I knew he wouldn't be," Sherlock sighed, slumping down in his seat. "I was looking for Mycroft, actually."
to be enough to keep you all out for a good few hours," she answered immediately, sounding quite calm for someone who had her own weapon pointing back at her. "However, if you ask me, your friends here are the least of your worries."
"You missed the announcement," said John. "We're all supposed to report directly to the auditorium for an emergency assembly."
"It's alright, John," said Sherlock. "He'll leave once he feels that he's adequately asserted his dominance-"
"You know what? Never mind." He almost growled, unable to believe that he had allowed himself to believe that someone cared about him. Even for a second. "Just go back to bed."
The boys were silent for a few moments until Greg spoke again. "Oh, I forgot to tell you. I met your brother at breakfast this morning."
It was John's turn to think for a moment. "I guess so. It's not like I ever had enough money for anything else. I would go to the library all the time as a kid, just to escape to house. Some Saturdays, I would wait outside it until it opened, and stay there until the moment they closed. I've always loved the library. That's where I discovered the Harry Potter series. I thought that whole, magical world was so wonderful, and reading it always helped me forget my life. I think I read all seven books five times each before the librarian just bought a new set and let me keep the old one. That was the happiest day of my life...."
Jim, just hear me out," begged a female voice that Mycroft thought he recognized from somewhere. "If we do it my way everything will get taken care of much quicker: The older one would be dealt with, Sherlock would go to prison, and we'd be on the run by the end of the week–"
Irene threw Seb a smug look which made him want to throttle her. He even attempted to sit up in bed just to glare at her properly, but immediately regretted doing so. "OW!" he cried, jolts of pain shooting though his whole leg.
"When I figure out how I want to proceed," said Sherlock, looking at her curiously. "I think we could find some way for you to help."
"I know it's hard to accept," said John, sympathetically. "But you have to keep reading. You can write an angry letter to J.K. Rowling later, if you want."
John glanced around the circle nervously, but everyone was still breathing deeply with their eyes closed. "Now imagine that you're lying on a beach," Miss Sandy was saying.
Seven seconds. Then he broke it off, and for a few extra seconds the boys just stood there, holding each other. Greg was laughing and crying, but his eyes had not lost their questioning gaze as he waited for Mycroft to answer him.
At this, Molly's expression quickly changed from embarrassed to amused. "Sorry John, but I'm calling bullshit on that one," she laughed.
"Y-yeah. Hold on." John dug around in his trunk for a bit until he found his well-read copy of The Philosopher's Stone. He stood up when he found it, and was surprised to find Sherlock right behind him, his hand outstretched. John stared right into his eyes as he handed him the book, mesmerized by how grey they were.
Cursing, Irene bent down to quickly pick up the mess. Moriarty rolled his eyes at her clumsiness, but stopped to wait for her, and it was then that his eyes met Mycroft's.
No one had called him that since he was twelve, and had threatened to rip out the tongue of anyone who used that nickname any longer. "My name is not
Both boys once again resumed their tasks, being left to wonder in silence whether or not they liked the other.
Sherlock was very pleased that he had arrived at the school before his roommate, as it allowed him first choice in his side of the room. He chose the side closest to the window so that he could smoke, which was the first thing he did there, even before he unpacked his things.
Mycroft's response was cut off by the sound of the late bell, so he just shot Sherlock a contemptuous glare, hiding his laptop under his desk before Mr. Dixon could see it and confiscate it.
"Really?" Harvey asked with raised eyebrows, staring intently at Sherlock so he didn't notice how Viktor flinched at the boy's name. "You seem oddly sure of this."
"Oh really?" Sherlock countered. "You mean like when you sat in front of the vicious son of a criminal and told him my fucking life story? Yeah, you sound like bloody Brother of the Year to me-"
"That's all I needed to hear," Sherlock interrupted. "Good day." Then he sat at his desk and opened his laptop, seeming excited.
Greg laughed and threw his arms around him, before pulling back away too soon. "God, last I remember I was going to follow you. But then...I think I was drugged." He squinted, trying to remember, before deciding that it wasn't important at the moment. "You look absolutely awful, though. What the hell did I miss?"
"As far as I can tell, he's been asked to do something he's not okay with, which is surprising when you consider that my brother has very few morals-"
It took Mycroft a few seconds to be embarrassed, because that's how long it took him to remember what he had said near the end of the phone call.
kid harmed would surely be severely injured or dead, causing the boy to be sent to an actual prison (for he looked to be at least seventeen) rather than a behavioral correction school. No, he was most likely sent here for thievery. Yes, the kid was definitely a thief. He had poor luggage, but he had a lot of it, suggesting that he was carrying more items than he could possibly afford.
Sure enough, Moriarty pulled out his own gun and positioned it at the sleeping boy's temple, his finger ready to pull the trigger. "That's right," he said, obviously satisfied by Mycroft's reaction of horror. "He's nice and sedated. He won't feel a thing, and he'll never know that he died because
"Because you are here specifically to do things that I don't want to do." Jim stated simply. "Now hurry, while her roommate is at dinner."
"No you don't!" Greg argued. "And I won't let you. Come on mate, they don't have to know I'm with you. I could hide somewhere nearby, and only jump out if Moriarty tries anything."
"Irene said the injections she provided would wear off in a few hours," Sherlock said, helpfully. "Mine only wore off early because-"
But now, as Sherlock looked at him questioningly- as if the choice of letting Molly be apart of "this" was something for both of them to decide, John realized that an enemy of Sherlock's was an enemy of his, and that he wouldn't have it any other way.
Still covered in blood and reeking of murder, Sebastian raced back to room 215B to complete his last assignment of the night. He was no longer ahead of schedule; in fact, he had to report back to Jim in ten minutes.
Then the boys entered the office, and it was only once he saw who was sitting there that John began to piece together what Sherlock had ages ago.
"You don't sound very composed, brother," said Sherlock, looking both curious and amused. "Has that job of yours finally become more than you can handle?"
"I thought you weren't speaking to me." Sherlock muttered without turning around. The short blond boy to his left did turn, however.
"You better not get into any trouble while you're here," he growled. "If I receive one phone call saying you've been anything but a model student, don't bother coming home for Christmas."
, Mycroft thought, so full of contempt for himself that he was nearly unable to contain a derisive laugh. But he was right outside his dorm room by now, and any urge to even mock himself was washed away by a wave of anxiety.
"Well, Moriarty's after Sherlock, isn't he?" Molly prompted. "That's right," she said in response to Sherlock's look. "I was there for that part, and I
!" He spat the word like it was disgusting. To him, it was. "You trust so easily, never thinking of the consequences!"
He wasn't exactly nervous (not like this was his first murder or anything) but he didn't want to fuck this up. Not when Jim was depending on him.
The feeling of Greg's hands in his hair as they kissed took Mycroft back to last night- to that first kiss that he had thought would be their last as he readied himself to surrender to Moriarty- and the flood of relief he felt at being able to taste this boy's lips once more threatened to overwhelm him.
Instead, Sherlock cocked it put the barrel right up against her head. "How about you tell me or I'll blow your fucking brains out?"
John blushed and mumbled a thank you. Great. He hadn't been at this school for five minutes and he'd already embarrassed himself. He could hardly wait to see what the rest of his day would be like.
"Don't pretend to be stupid," Greg laughed humorlessly. "You're terrible at it. You know exactly what I'm talking about."
"Alright, alright keep your pants on," Greg said with his familiar crooked smile. "You just need to relax. It's healthy to skip class every now and then, particularly when you're a teenaged assassin."
Mycroft pretended to consider it. "Well let's see, I don't like to miss any important classes, so....it's a good thing I have English next." He pulled his chair up next to Greg. "But first, what were you really going to ask me?"
"So yeah," Sherlock finished lamely at the end of it. "Moriarty and his partners retreated, and Mycroft and I carried the rest of you back here....and that's it."
"Well, it's no wonder. You haven't eaten!" John said, shaking his head in exasperation. He then pulled an apple from his bag and tossed it to Sherlock, who caught it effortlessly, despite still looking a bit confused. "Now, if you'll just take care of yourself and give your mind a rest, we'll both be able to sleep peacefully." Then, John turned out the light and lay back down in his bed.
"Think we can get away with it?" John asked, and Sherlock's heart skipped a beat at the way he said "we". As if it was just implied that they would be ditching class together. As if they were, dare he think it,
John was almost positive that Sherlock liked him back now, and was desperate to broach the subject with him. Now seemed as good a time as any, as they were completely alone with nothing to do. He kept glancing over at Sherlock, who was staring up at the ceiling unblinking. John could only assume that he was in his mind palace, which meant that he probably shouldn't bother him.
Jim rolled his eyes, but said nothing about her last comment. He didn't much like Irene anymore than Seb did, but he at least understood that she was incredibly valuable to them at the moment, so it wouldn't be wise to piss her off. With several necessary connections, a hunger for domination, and a grudge against the older Holmes boy, Irene Adler was someone who, though incredibly irritating at times, Jim considered them lucky to have come into contact with.
the idiot? You're the one who didn't tell me that Moriarty's had his eyes set on me for years!" Sherlock was yelling while pacing back and forth with his back turned to John. "I had to dig that up on my own. Side note, you should let your
shocking news to hear. But I can assure you that we-" he gestured to himself and the officers "-are conducting thorough investigations. The truth will be discovered, most likely soon-" was it John's imagination, or did Harvey's eyes seem to find Sherlock as well? "Until then, it is my job to ensure the safety of my students...."
It was past midnight, over twelve hours since they had discovered Moriarty, and Sherlock would not come out of his mind palace.
As John's fingers brushed through his hair, Sherlock felt himself shudder involuntarily. He froze in the middle of the hallway.
John started to protest again, but Sherlock turned on the shower. He only hesitated for another moment before leaving with a sigh.
Sherlock landed with a soft thud on the grass and crouched there for a moment. He closed his eyes, mapping out the trip in his head before he started it. It was absolutely essential that he be back home by 1:17 in the morning (two hours and seven minutes from now) when Mycroft would wake up and notice him missing.
Then, without another word, Mycroft turned and stocked out of the room, slamming the door behind him with great force.
"It's crucial international business involving Afghanistan and nuclear weapons," Mycroft recited, still not looking up from his phone. "I'm currently in a heated texting debate with Osama Bin Laden, who is intent on killing American President Roosevelt and taking over the Western Hemisphere unless I supply Al Qaeda with nukes."
Sherlock closed his eyes, shoving this new, irrational part of himself deep into his mind palace. When he opened them, cold and emotionless once again, he began to observe.
And now here he was, wandering the streets of London past midnight, sweating buckets under one of the hottest nights in the history of England.
"Well? Do you have more things to drop or can we move on now?" He asked Irene sarcastically, as if that last second had never happened. As if he had never even noticed Mycroft.
"Well I don't have time to copy it now, do I?" Irene snapped. "It's fine though, we'll just trade worksheets. I'll erase your name and put my own. That's not a problem, is it?"
Once their voices faded completely, Mycroft rushed to where Greg lay, still motionless by the doorway. He checked the boy's pulse, just to make sure, and almost cried from relief when he felt the warmth pulsing beneath his fingertips. He pulled Greg up into his arms and held him tight. "God dammit, Lestrade..." Mycroft sighed, running his finger's through the boy's soaking wet hair. "Why....?"
Sherlock tucked a strand of wavy brown hair behind her ear, staring into her eyes as romantically as he could manage. "And now you know?"
"-And you're getting paid for it," Jim interrupted, angrily. "You just worry about your part of the plan, and I'll worry about the rest-"
But luckily, Molly shook her head. "It was actually Moriarty who drugged me," she informed them. "He seemed more about just getting the job done. Didn't stop for chit-chat, or anything else."
"Yeah yeah, I get it. Shit's classified." Greg chuckled once more, and resumed reading his magazine.
When they got there, John was put in a room with two officers who went through his bag, which was filled not with cash or valuables, but with enough useless possessions to prove that John was, in fact, not a criminal, but a teenaged runaway.
"You were going to jump! You were going to kill yourself!" Sherlock yelled, his voice breaking into sobs. He was becoming hysterical. Mycroft grabbed him by the arms in an attempt to hold him still, but Sherlock pounded his chest with his fists much like a five-year-old would. "You were going to jump, and you were going to leave me all alone in this fucked up place without a brother! And you would've been dead, and I never would've said sorry, and I-" but he couldn't talk anymore. He was crying in earnest now, too broken up to even be mad anymore.
"Which I regret very much," Mycroft said solemnly. "I have been....a horrible influence on you all these years. No fourteen-year-old should be smoking-"
Despite his protests, John examined his injuries. Sherlock tried to ignore the shivers he felt at his touch. How his warm hands felt so incredibly soft on his face-
When they arrived home, the officer insisted on accompanying the boys to their front door, claiming that a suspicious looking teenager had been found wandering their neighborhood mere hours earlier. When they reached their front porch, their mother flung open the door before the officer could ring the buzzer. Her eyes were red and puffy. Behind her stood their father, who looked down at both of them with pure rage.
Mycroft returned to room 215 B and was surprised to find Greg stirring under his blankets. "....Myc," he whispered clearly, even though he didn't seem to be fully awake yet. He sounded desperate, his voice full of longing. "Mycroft..."
"Shit," he muttered under his breath, turning around to go a different direction. It was then that he noticed that he didn't recognize a single landmark or street sign. Where the hell was he?
But as Dixon neared them, Sherlock realized with dismay the possibilities of their third group member. They would either get Mycroft, making the next fifty-six minutes unbearably awkward for obvious reasons; Phillip Anderson, the painfully stupid boy who sat to the right of Sherlock and always tried to trip him in the halls; or-
"Good." Sherlock turned his back to him as he continued. "Because I...ah." He turned back around and looked at John, his eyes almost fearful. "John, I must be honest with you. I am completely out of my domain here."
"Hey!" John yelled. "What the hell are you doing to her?" But Sherlock was already halfway over there.
John sighed and lugged his trunk into the building, bracing himself for whatever further misfortune awaited him.
The page on Sherlock's laptop had finally loaded to reveal a very official, top-secret-looking website with a homepage written entirely in code. John was surprised to recognize the code as similar to something he had seen on Mycroft's laptop over a fortnight ago.
"I want to be a part of this," Molly said, with a bit more confidence. "And I think I deserve to be. I
he urged Sherlock in his mind. If Sherlock was there, then everything would be okay. Nobody had to die.
Viktor gulped, shaking in fear. Despite the way he had treated him and John at the beginning of the year, Sherlock could not help but feel sorry for the boy. Moriarty must have roughed him up pretty badly to make him this frightened.
Mycroft whirled around, instantly intrigued. Both him and his brother shared a hatred for morning meals. "He goes to breakfast?"
Jim, who had been staring at his friend's bleeding form in silence for several moments, suddenly turned and blew up at Irene. "You had ONE fucking job!" he yelled, shoving her backwards. "ONE!! How the FUCK did he escape?"
"Nothing, I swear!" John cried, glad that he was being honest. "They were all preoccupied with something else. I wouldn't have even gotten the chance."
"Sherlock, are you alright?" John asked. Sherlock merely grunted in response, using all of his remaining willpower to keep himself as perceptive as he usually was. However, as he observed the random students around him, he noticed that it now took him over six seconds to deduce what he normally could in three. He felt empty and heavy, and he could hardly see straight.
He was about to tell her to fuck off when she surprised him. Out of nowhere, the girl grabbed his shirt collar and forced him back against the wall. Holy shit, she was stronger than she looked.
Sherlock smirked, but didn't answer his question right away. For a minute, he considered lying to John, or just not telling him. He didn't want his roommate and possible new friend to look at him differently. Normally he wouldn't care, but....this boy was different. For one thing, he had known Sherlock for over 24 hours and still didn't hate him, which was a new record. And for another, Sherlock actually enjoyed
"Leave him alone!" John demanded, standing up to....well, he wasn't really sure what he was going to do, but nobody pushed his friends around!
Sherlock scoffed at the boy, who was obviously expecting another long and complicated answer. "John, when you opened your trunk I saw three different books on human anatomy. I'm sure even someone with the mental capacity of a hedgehog could've made the same assumption."
"No fucking way!" Sherlock exclaimed in a tone so panicked that John whirled around in the middle of the hallway to see what was wrong.
"You don't have to get us anything, John," said Sherlock, narrowing his eyes at Irene. "However, Irene clearly wishes to speak to me alone."
John cringed at his own awkward introduction. It was just really hard to think straight when someone's eyes were practically boring into you.
Noting that Molly was about to explode with frustration, John turned to fill her in on what little he knew about Mycroft. "Apparently his brother is in some kind of secret service involving international communications, or something," he explained, rather lamely.
"I...." Mycroft had no response to that. It was no use pretending that he hadn't been a shitty friend to begin with. And it wasn't like he could tell Greg that the only reason he was so cruel to him was to cover up his true feelings.
"Yesterday was incredibly stressful, and you're operating on very little food and sleep. Just relax your mind for awhile, do something fun. Here," he handed Sherlock the half-finished seventh Harry Potter book from his bedside table. "Finish this."
"No it's not," Sherlock mumbled, a whole new level of pissed now. If his nervous system was acting up before, John's touch was sending it into utter chaos.
"What?" Mycroft looked down at his impressive abs, as if he had forgotten they existed. "Oh. Um, no actually. These were a result of basic training for my position. I usually don't care much for exercising."
Mycroft's whole body was shaking, but it was no longer from fear, or from the cold. He might have been sobbing, but he couldn't distinguish his own tears from the rain that poured down his face.
Unbelievabley, they were the only two who didn't follow Miss Sandy's instructions, though. Sherlock was disappointed at the compliance of most of the teenagers in this place. Where was everyone's rebellious spirit?
'" Greg recalled Moriarty's words from last week. "You're not seriously thinking of going, are you? I'm not half as smart as you, and even I know this has to be a trap!"
"Hey there sexy," she whispered provocatively, tucking a long strand of wavy brown hair behind her ear. "You're Sherlock, right? Sherlock Holmes?" She breathed his name in a tone that might've brought any other teenaged boy to his knees.
It was on one particularly cold, rainy afternoon that John entered his dorm after lunch to find Sherlock smoking by the open window, through which the strong winds and scattered raindrops entered, chilling the entire room.
The boy lay against the headboard of the bed closest to the window, plucking strings on a violin, looking as if the entire universe bored him. He had dark curls that fell gracefully over high cheekbones, which were partially hidden by the collar of his long, dark grey coat.
John inhaled sharply, unable to believe what he had just thought, and how fast his pulse had started racing when he had. Luckily, Sherlock was too sucked into what he was reading to notice. Otherwise, he probably would've deduced John's exact thoughts in seconds.
Sherlock opened the door a crack, now bare-chested "I know," he said, still smiling. "By the way, she's also working for Moriarty, and intends to have you killed by Christmas. You really should find a new roommate, Molly." He shut the door again.
"Oh," John said, not sure what else to say to that. He knew all too well what it was like to be beaten up often, only for him it was usually because he was poor.
"I-I uh, it-it's not what it looks like," John sputtered in fear, because he knew exactly what it looked like: an obviously poor teenager, covered in sweat, with a large bag over his shoulder, wandering through a rich neighborhood in the dead of night. All it took was one person to look out the window and be suspicious of his figure to call the police. John immediately knew that, no matter what happened now, his journey was over. This officer would surely find out where he lived and take him home.
As Mycroft allowed himself one last lungful of chilling air, he closed his eyes. He remembered who he was dying for, and the very first and last kiss they had shared.
And like the steady dripping of a leaky faucet, the throbbing persisted. The back of his left thigh, just above his knee to be precise, felt like it had been under the pressure of a semi-truck. Sebastian moaned.
Sherlock paused. It was one of the first times in his life when he was at a loss for words. No one- literally no one- had ever asked him this many 'why' questions before (unless it was "why are you so horrible?!"). Nobody ever seemed to care
"You don't get it, John!" Sherlock yelled, kicking his desk chair over. "I have one of the most exciting criminals I've ever encountered right at my fingertips, but I can't act until
Not wanting to run into his brother, Mycroft took the long way back to the B hall. Thankfully, by the time he reached his room, there was no one in sight.
His last class of the day was French, a class that Mycroft had only signed up for because a foreign language was required for his grade level. Since he was already fluent in French, he decided that this would be the class where he would conduct important business....or maybe just let his mind drift off for awhile.
Greg, meanwhile, was cocking his head at Sherlock in a curious way. "Are you by any chance familiar with Mycroft Holmes?"
At the dining hall, John grabbed a tray of food and then joined Sherlock at an empty table. "You're not going to eat?" John asked, noticing that Sherlock hadn't gotten anything.
Mycroft paused, unsure of what to say. Was he brave enough yet to tell the truth? Was he ready to profess his love and risk being rejected, just so Greg could understand why he acted the way he did?
Seb fell back on his bed, groaning as he reluctantly turned his attention back to Irene, who began explaining her brand new plan.
"Long enough that you don't have to worry about retelling your story," John muttered, just now opening his eyes.
"....Well," said Sherlock, and then continued on to tell how he had finally won over the weapon by shooting it out into the open, startling Irene, and accidentally wounding Sebastian Moran at the same time.
A moment later, however, John turned back to Sherlock. "Okay, one last thing," he said. "How did you know I want to be a doctor when I grow up?"
Greg laughed. God, Mycroft had missed his laugh. "I guess you don't have to tell me if you don't....hey, what's that?"
"Good afternoon, students," Miss Sandy spoke in a soft voice as John, Sherlock, and various young lawbreakers sat on the floor around her. "Welcome to behavior correction class. I look forward to working with all of you" She smiled around the room at everyone, but it looked extremely forced. Sherlock noticed her left eye twitch. "Throughout the year, we will work on building character and self confidence, practicing restraint and kindness, and enriching your....wonderful personalities."
Finally, when Sherlock just couldn't take the stillness anymore, he pried his eyelids open a fraction.
of you," he turned to John suddenly. "Don't think I don't know you're involved in this somehow as well, mister Watson. And if not....well, you hang around Sherlock Holmes too much for your own good."
Another form emerged from the darkness, this one a bit taller than Moriarty himself, and dragging a limp person behind him.
Mycroft opened his mouth in the hope that some form of coherent response would evolve out of nothing, but a crackle over the loudspeaker saved him the trouble.
Realizing this, John rushed into the bathroom and up to the mirror above the sink. He stared at his reflection; the panic he felt seemed to be written all over his face.
John sat on his bed, feeling very weak all of a sudden. It was all so much to take in. Was it possible that only a half hour ago he was sitting down to enjoy a nice lunch? And now there was a vicious murderer out to get his best friend, and possibly- it suddenly occurred to him- anyone associated with him.
Molly was the only one who didn't mimic the rest, instead scooting her desk closer to Sherlock's so that she could talk to him.
"But it's okay, really I'm not judging!" Molly assured him. "Of course, I won't tell anyone if you don't want me to, but I believe that love is love, and that-"
"So, uh...." Sherlock began awkwardly, unsure of why the hell he was even speaking. "I suppose you expect me to apologize for....for how I, er,
That morning's long car ride had been depressing and awkward for everyone. His father was still traumatized from the amount of money he had lost the previous week, and refused to speak to anyone. His mother had tried to make small talk, but both Mycroft and Sherlock were ignoring her out of anger. Just as they were ignoring each other.
The entire place was packed with older students, many of whom were already drunk. Some were dancing, others were pairing up and snogging in dark corners. The room was dimly lit with red and violet lamps, and a song Sherlock didn't recognize blasted on the radio.
"Sherlock it's okay, please just sit down," John begged, and it was his pleading voice combined with Dixon's murderous glare that made him comply.
Mycroft talked about Sherlock until the rescue team arrived. He told Jim what Sherlock looked like, what he liked to do, his favorite classes in school, everything. Jim took in even the seemingly useless information about him hungrily, smiling like a shark in front of a school of fish, his cold black eyes glowing with excitement.
John was taken aback. "Isn't....isn't that who you've been thinking about for the past twelve hours?"
Well, "help" was a rather strong word. If Sherlock was honest, he didn't so much "help" them as "give them advice they refused to listen to, constantly nag at them for not doing their job right, and send them frequent letters claiming that he alone could solve more crimes than the entire moronic police force, if they let him".
However, the look on Harvey's face as he eagerly dismissed the boys made it clear that this was not over.
Molly looked at him curiously, but John didn't catch it. He was kneeling on Sherlock's chair by the window, trying to see if he could catch sight of his friend through the rain.
The second they entered the chemistry classroom, the boys were greeted by an obnoxious shriek from Philip Anderson. "Watch out everyone, here comes Sherlock!" He cried in pretend fright. "Don't make eye contact, or you might be next on his list!"
"John Watson, I swear you better drop this," Molly said through gritted teeth, her tone entering the danger zone.
John did, and over the general sounds of talking and eating throughout the dining hall, he could just barely pick up yelling and scuffling from outside. There was something going on just out of view of the nearest window.
Molly's face paled, and John's did the same. "Murdered?" He asked. "How the bloody hell could you know- actually, don't answer that," John added, sensing that Sherlock would go into a twenty minute rant about what kind of suit the boy was wearing, or something.
Greg just shook his head in disbelief, taking a step back. "Why are you still pretending to care about me?" he asked, his voice filled with pain. "You've made your feelings clear already. We may be roommates, but you don't have to talk to me ever again. I know that you hate me, that you think I'm stupid and you wish you'd never met me. Why are you pretending now? Honestly, what are you gaining from this?"
But instead of elaborating, Irene laughed and poured herself another drink. "And that is all I will say on
It was then that Sherlock had an epiphany. It was shocking. It was important. It had nothing to do with what they were just talking about and everything to do with the tremor that ran through his body when John touched his hair.
Mycroft sighed. "No Lestrade, I'm playing angry birds." He showed Greg his screen which indeed featured an angry birds level.
John started to get angry “I have a duty to myself as well Sherlock! I’m trying to get my degree if you recall!”
Mary made a quick glance over clearing trying to judge him. "I knew he was here and I've tried to get a hold of him but he seems to have fallen off the face of the earth. How do you know him?"
Isolations were even worse. Isolations were almost a miniature dance that a small group of girls would start and the next group would have to follow and so on and so forth. Usually isolations were basic choreography with maybe an illusion or a jete thrown in but his isolations were complex and felt awkward because of the demands he was placing on their bodies.
Sherlock got down to his sons level and tugged on the jacket "Killian, you only need to wear this until the ceremony is over. After that you can change."
John began rocking his hips on the fingers that we're currently inside of him but it didn't quite reach the right spot. "I'm ready Sherlock." He begged. "Please just make love to me."
Oliver smiled again "Of course." He stood up and the team started getting the gurney ready to transport Sherlock. "Do you think you can stand?"
I know with you though no matter what happens you will never try to domesticate me. Even as the bags under your eyes grow darker and you're tense you still encourage me to go out and help Scotland Yard.
"No I won't! Give us another chance Sherlock! Let's be a family. I'm sorry for everything! I want to be with you for the rest of my life, I want to grow old with you, I want to come home and see your face every day, if you want to stay in London I'll do that to! Whatever it take for you to take me back."
Greg stepped in putting his hands up between the two brothers "Now before we get dramatic here, Sherlock you need to understand this could change your life completely."
Jim tapped his shoulder “Leave that to me. Just head back to the palace and worry about your assignments.”
For some reason this was the hardest goodbye and she felt like her heart was ripping in two. She kissed Tristan's head "I love you son. Don't forget me okay?"
Charlotte on the other hand didn't take to it the way most omegas do. As soon as her six weeks of recovery were up she went right back to ballet. The only time she ever spent with Tristan was when she got home from rehearsal she would sit on the couch and watch telly while she held him.
"Trust me John. You'll love this." Sherlock took out his mobile and hit the contact number. "Everything is ready, he's all yours." He then hung up and smiled at his husband.
"Honestly Sherlock, its just downright irresponsible." Violet said. "You know I love each and everyone of my grandchildren but you barely have enough room and soon you'll have to store them in the cupboards. I mean, what will my friends say?"
Zachary had enough and stood up pointing his finger in Violets face "Now you see here!, If your son wasn't spreading his legs like an omega whore my son wouldn't have been drugged into doing anything!"
John pursed his lips and picked up the thrown script. Thanks to being a favourite of the drama department he was able to get the professor to let them borrow the stage where the universities plays were held. He thought maybe he could get a better understanding if he was in the right environment but so far it wasn't working.
Sherlock looked to his Mother who held her head down as she wiped away silent tears and then to Mycroft who had his head turned the opposite way to avoid loosing control of his emotions. He then became somewhat angry. "Why didn't you tell me?"
As said in the tags I'm going for a more "traditional" standpoint for Omega Verse in this fic so Sherlocks children call him "Mum" or "Mummy". And just like the last chapter I've listed all the kids and their secondary genders at the end. Enjoy!
John looked disappointed but tried to hide it "I understand. I hope though we can see each other soon."
Sherlock sighed "No. Every time I bring it up he goes on and on about Scotland this and Scotland that. It's just no use talking to him."
Siger sighed. "It wasn't the time or the place for you to know. It's why I was pushing you to get your act together. I thought I had a little more time to condition you but it seems I have come to a wall." Siger took a deep breath and stood up. "You are to be crowned King in the next two months. I will make the official announcement next week."
Valerie was eating her meal much slower then the boys in her household "Oh John, I almost forgotten, do you remember your young Omega friend Samuel?"
Some days we're the perfect couple. An ordinary life (well as ordinary as you can get in our case), each day it's just typical us. Then you start to go into your own little world of fame and recognition.
If Charlotte would have known that was the last time she'd see him in person age might have said so much more then "Take care."
"I know." Sherlock said giving the faintest of smiles at the Alpha. "I don't believe in fate but maybe our paths will cross down the road and we'll be able to be together again when you and I are both successful in our endeavours."
Mycroft began to make himself a cup of tea from the spread that was sitting in the table between them "I must say that we are all pleased with your progress at school. Perhaps this little experiment will end sooner then we hoped if you continue down this path."
"Sherlock...." John said nervously "I thought you said that it was just dinner with a few family and friends"
Sherlock put his elbows on the bar and leaned foreword "I was in private studies until now, my parents thought it best that I come join the masses."
Killian ran up "Look what Edelweiss did!" Killian lifted up his shirt exposing his tummy which had various shades of coloured paint on it "We were playing museum and she made me the Mona Lisa! And Valentina did my back and she did a picture called Starry Night!" He said turning around and showing him his painted blue and black back.
Sherlock nodded and opened his door. Out of the boot of the car he only grabbed the box with his microscope in it and headed up to the dorm rooms.
David nodded his head. "Obviously whatever she's doing is more important and she'll do nothing but complain all night if we keep her here. I can handle Tristan by myself."
Persephone tightened her black curly hair in her ponytail which she always did when she was frustrated "Fine. Come on twerp."
Valerie pulled away and looked her son up and down "Look at you, you're wasting away! Do they not feed you in that desert?"
Sherlock was currently staring at the ceiling and when the door opened he rolled over and immediately turned his back on John.
John was taking down notes as he listened to the Professor list the lesson plan and the supplies they would need for the Bio Chemistry class. As he was in the middle of it though a loud slam of the door occurred and John looked up with annoyance when he saw the Alpha from the bar and his Uncle.
"Because traditionally all female roles were played by male Omegas. Besides my tutoring session, my rules." He said smugly.
David stood up. "Hey! You left me for an entire year! We agreed that I would be able to do what I want when you came back. This is what I want Charlotte! I want to provided for my son and serve my country so I can feel like what I'm doing matters!"
Sherlock squeezed John's hand for reassurance. John took a deep breath "As you know this is Sherlock. We got married less then three months ago and he is five months pregnant.....with my baby."
Sherlock was about to speak but John walked in the room. "What's going on?" He said picking up on the tension.
George grabbed Sherlock by the collar and pulled him up to his face "Listen here boy, no one talks to any of the Omegas that work or come in here that way! Don't come back until you've learned that lesson!"
Siger turned towards his wife "He shouldn't even be in a relationship in the first place! You are meant to be building your reputation as Future King! Not flouncing around with some whore Omega."
The officiant stood a little taller. "By the power invested in me I know pronounce you bonded. John, you may bite your Omega."
Charlotte offered a small smile back and headed upstairs to her room where David was putting Tristan down for the night. The young couple looked at each other but did no other greeting. David avoided her gaze and headed downstairs.
Sherlock sighed and thought for a second. Maybe they needed a different approach then just reading out loud. He got up and went over to John and pulled the script off his face. "I have an idea." He grabbed John's hand and pulled him up. "We are going to act it out. I will play Romeo and you will be Juliet."
Sherlock shrugged "We paid for a full years rent already so I don't think that'll be much of an issue right now."
John couldn't help but smile at the little boy "Permission granted solider and again Caleb you can call me Dad."
John placed his hand against his cheek. "Don't be. We have each other. Right now it's all that matters."
Father and son smiled at each other and his second eldest Chloe aged 16, wearing a short skirt and high heels (even though her Father advised against the ensemble this morning) stepped in front of him "Chloe here sir!" She said with a sly smile holding her phone in her hand.
Sherlock thruster three more times then suddenly his know pushed through had his semen began to flood into John. The sweet ecstasy of please leaving them both high.
Sherlock felt a stab of pain go through his heart but leaned forward and turned John's face to him and gave him a kiss, sad that it wasn't returned. "I'll see you later." He said softly then shut the door and watched the car take John home.
Sherlock eyes went wide and he grinned "Oh you're John's parents!" He shook both their hands excitedly "It's so nice to finally meet you!" He then looked down at what he was wearing and felt completely embarrassed. "I'm sorry I'm such a mess! If I had known you were coming I would have cleaned up a bit. Please! Please come in!" He stood aside inviting them in.
She looks down and sees she's in nothing but her underwear which is a little disheartening since she was fully clothed. What happened last night?
Sometimes I will admit I feel like I'm spinning out of control and rushed. But then I think I can't get worried. It's just an impression that things are moving to fast.
"Posh? So you want me to what? Where jeans and a t-shirt? Is that the uniform of this establishment?"
"Good." And that's the end of the subject but soon Molly is giggling and almost bouncing up and down from excitement "Did you hear?"
Charlotte was beyond hurt but to try and lighten the mood John decided to step in. "He probably is just a but shy. I wouldn't worry about it too much love. Why don't we go and sit? I'll make some tea and you can tell us what you've been up to this past year?"
Greg furrowed his brow and looked up to meet Sherlocks eyes "So you defiantly leaving to Scotland then?"
Harry smiled, convinced that she won "Don't forget to come down and do the dishes! Someone has got to prepare you for housework and I know for sure Mum and Da aren't doing it!"
Sherlock shook his head "No, nothing like that. He just seems so far away and distracted lately and I feel a little....put out."
Sherlock picks up the shattered pieces of glass and it's a cruel irony that his life has become the glass he's trying to clean up, broken and no hope for repair.
"Eight" John corrected. "Well of course they'll miss their Mum more around the holidays if anything but they're all soldiers in their own right and my eldest daughter Chloe has made it her mission to see that I'm bonded again she keeps saying 'It's what Mum would have wanted'."
Sherlock looked at his watch again and gave up waiting for his husband. He grabbed the mat they purchased for the class and hailed a cab to head over to the facility.
John nodded his head but looked down at the ground. Sherlock furrowed his brow "Why aren't you more excited? You graduated!"
Milky smiles but does her best to hide her teeth that recently received braces "How was your training."
John threw off his covers and took a deep breath. "Fine..." he said. Getting up out if his bed he allowed himself to be pulled into the washroom to begin his day of fake smiles and genuine enthusiasm.  He guessed that it would be have to be something he would have to get used too. Being engaged to the Crown Prince had people already referring to him as Prince Regent, his official title when Sherlock would be crowned King. He was glad it wasn't like olden days when he would be referred to as Queen despite him being a male, Prince Regent although snobby as all hell was still a better title than Queen.
Sherlock was watching John stress out over a text book and his laptop. Due to the recent happenings in their lives John had been falling behind on some of his classes. It wasn't enough to worry about not graduating but it was getting to the point where his professors were starting to say something.
Persephone glared at her siblings "We're not going down without a fight. The robots be damned we will still be Holmes children no matter what."
John was drying a glass when a tall, dark haired Alpha came up to the bar. He was rather attractive but John tried to be professional. "What can I get you mate?" He said with a smile.
While going over his schedule for the next week John didn't notice the black sleek car that almost hit him. He gasped and jumped back but the car continued to go forward. "Arsehole." He said under his breath, granted he should have been paying attention but at the same time the driver should have noticed him or at least stopped to apologise. He then looked at his watch and continued on his way to Traders.
John smiled "Thanks." He then looked at his watch "Well looks like this place is cleaned up. Are you ready to go?"
Something inside me snaps though as I begin to deduce that your addicted to this new famous lifestyle and the pretty girls at those parties.
Sherlock walked over to David. "I'm not one for sentiment but...I'm glad my grandson has one responsible parent."
The Holmes family stopped in front of the Watsons and complete silence befell the two families as they took in each other.
Sherlock immediately got up and stomped out of the room not without kicking the table with a vase from the 18th century and shattering it into a million pieces.
Everyone looked up when Sherlock stepped in the room. "What's.....what's going on?" For the first time his mind couldn't focus.
Charlotte shrugged. Her eyes were still puffy from the crying and voice was still a bit raw. "Figured I would find you here. This is the one day that was always special to you." She does everything to avoid eye contact.
Sherlock looked down at his drink and traced the edge of his glass with his finger "I've been doing well. I'm currently in detective work with Scotland Yard while at the same time taking my own personal clients. I'm a consulting detective so when the police are out of their depth they consult me."
After John was done heaving he looked at Sherlock with big puppy dog eyes. "I dunt feels show good."
Sherlock wanted to give a hard push so badly so he could get it over with but did his best to follow instructions. He gave a yelp though when he felt something huge pass out of him.
David narrows his eyes. "We're not play things you can pick up whenever you damn well feel like it."
Sherlock smiled so wide and kissed John passionately. John pulled away just for one second. "Can this just be ours for a little while. I know we'll eventually have to make the engagement public but...I want this to just be ours."
Bruce took a deep breathe "You marry him, and you're dead to me. Don't talk to me, don't look at me, don't come around me expecting anythin. You will be on your own. I will wash my hands of you."
Sherlock had been staying with Greg and Mycroft since he left the hospital 6 weeks ago. He was trying to have the will to go back to 221B but every time he did he thought of John and it became to much. To earn some money Greg had hired him at Scotland Yard to be his "secretary" but really he assisted on cases like usual but now it he was getting payed for his work, which was a good thing now.
John though couldn't see him dating anyone anytime soon. He was too busy with his career and besides not many Omegas were chomping at the bit to sack themselves up with an army Captain who had eight children all varying in ages from 17 to 4. Still he couldn't help but think what it would be like to give his children a proper mother to balance out their stubborn Alpha father.
"Yes, brother mine. It's been my evil plot all along to trick you into having a raging cocaine addiction which landed you in this rehab facility. Your deduction skills are as crisp as ever." Mycroft said sarcastically.
Persephone scoffed "Well save up some money and you can get your own. Why couldn't you be a masculine Omega like Mum? I seriously don't understand where you got your feminine side from."
"She's not wrong though." Sabian said slightly under his breath but loud enough for everyone to hear.
John couldn't help but smile at the passion in Sherlock's voice when he spoke. "I do an internship at St. Barts. So you're wanting to be apart of the police force?"
My brother is right you are loyal very quickly. I don't know one person who would willingly kill for someone they just met.
Sherlock sat down at his desk with a heavy sigh adjusting Archimedes in his arms as he gave him his nightly feed slightly wincing at the hard bite the infant possessed. As much as he adored his children, nights were a time that he could organise his mind palace, get things done, and also enjoy the silence of his flat.
David stayed silent. Ever since that night eight months ago when John got mad over David wanting to hold his son his father in-laws have been growing more and more apart.
They laid spooning after such a session. Sherlock lazily kissed the back of John's neck as John reached back and ran his fingers on Sherlock's face very slowly.
Greg Lestrade looked frustrated as he tried to talk over the screaming of children that always met him when he came into this house of chaos. "Sherlock I'm serious! You can't just have fun solving crimes there's paperwork that needs to be done!"
John and Sherlock look at each other "Would you like to sit down Mr. Holmes?" John gestures to the sofa and Siger sits down while John and Sherlock sit in their chairs facing the sofa.
John turned and nodded. He marched to the door and went through. He was then escorted through the place to the gardens outside. He was out in a private room but through the window he could see the press and some others who were personally invited to the announcement. From what he heard people had their speculations on what was taking place but no one knew for sure what the King was going to say.
John shook his head and smiled and Sherlock slightly turned away and answered "What could you possibly want?" He paused and waited for the answer "Are you sure you lot can't figure it out?" an annoyed groan escaped his lips. "Fine give me twenty minutes." Then then hung up and looked at John with slightly sad eyes. "I'm sorry that was work, seems I have to go."
The Watson kids all stood outside the restaurant called Angelo’s. Apparently it was their Father’s perspective Omega’s favourite restaurant.  John was trying to keep his feet at still as he could. If it wasn’t for his years of military experience he probably would be pacing. However, he was using his nervous energy to make sure each and every one of his children looked as presentable as possible.
Greg could hear John rustling around "Greg? Why are you calling me? Is everything okay?" He sounded confused and worried.
Class started the next day and along side a full schedule he also had his job as a barmen at the local pub right by the school. He couldn't complain really he absolutely loved his job at Traders and the owner George was one of his Dad's best mates so he worked with his schedule and treated him well.
Sherlock was pulled out of his trance and looked up from the baby who was gently sleeping on his chest, cleaned and dressed in a white onesie and general hospital blanket while Sherlock was in a hospital gown after being cleaned and taken care of, and gave John a smile. "Hey." He then looked back down at his son and began to slightly bounce the baby but not enough to wake him up.
Soon though John became distracted with life. Classes kept him busy as well as St. Barts but every once in awhile he'd drift off thinking about that night on the roof.
What Sherlock says in French "No, you are a liar! Fuck you! Watch your balls because I'm going to cut them off tonight."
Composing himself he got up and started getting ready to head to Scotland Yard. This was going to be his last day there so he could do some last minute preparations before the baby came.
Sherlock grabbed John's hand "You could transfer here! There's culture, history, schools, everything you could possibly want. What can Scotland give you that London can not?"
David smiled at his son. "That's alright. Isn't it mate?" He said in a cooing voice to the baby. "Men don't mind getting a bit messy, do they?" He began to blow raspberries into his son's stomach making the baby laugh.
John knew he would never ceased to be amazed by his now husband. "Thank you so much for this Judge Peterson." John said and shook his hand.
Sherlock looked up. "My Father is....dying. I am to be crowned King in two months. I have my duties I must attended in perpetration for that time. My Father will make the announcement next week."
Amanda and some of her other friends were standing around Charlotte. "We were wondering if you would like to come and hang out at my flat?"
The next people they ran into was a slightly older couple. If John would have to guess early-to-mid thirties. One was in a full grey suit and tie, he looked more dressed up the anyone in the room. He had another mans hand on his arm and he looked less formal then anyone in a green button up shirt and grey cardigan, if it wasn't for the slacks John would feel a bit of relief over his own outfit.
Sherlock stood higher trying to give off a presence of superiority "Well I wanted to be sure I was fully prepared."
Tristan didn't want to let go of his Dad and only went back to Sherlock. He was still very unwary with Charlotte.
Now I ask the same for you. You don't have to get a haircut, or change your shoes, or even like Mozarts Concerto in C Minor. All I ask is that you love me.
Sherlock and John sat off to the side watching the scene play out before them. Greg walked up to them "Are you two going to dance?"
They met John briefly when he came over to pick up Sherlock for a night out. John seemed nice but looked a bit overwhelmed when ten faces stared back at him from the doorway.
He started stripping out of his uniform and then checked the time, perhaps he could pick up Sherlock from his last class so they could at least talk for a bit. Before he could talk himself into growing a pair and facing his husband he groaned remembering Sherlock had a doctors appointment today. Well, there went that idea.
John followed him "Wait Sherlock! I'm sorry about everything that has happened between us! I love you!"
Sherlock almost threw up as well. The pregnancy made his stomach rather weak but he refused to make a bigger mess in the flat.
At the end though we're are no more and no wishing or love will ever bring you back to my arms. Facts can't change, that's why I thrive on them. You were a fact in my life but no longer.
John doesn't really know what to say but there is a question that's burning in his brain "So.....the drug thing?..."
Sherlock was sitting at Greg's desk. Greg was trying to go over case notes with him but he seemed to be far away and every few minutes checking his phone to see if by chance John called or texted.
The nurse smiled and nodded. As she looked through the paperwork however she began to frown. "I'm sorry but it looks like Sherlock Holmes was discharged this morning. Picked up by a....Violet Holmes."
Siger gave Sherlock a questioning look as Sherlock looked sceptically at the woman "Yes." He simply said.
Valerie took a deep breath and shook her head "Regardless, having a young Omega out in those conditions should be a crime. I'll never understand your need for danger."
John started to blush a little bit by the sentiment behind the words, even though it wasn't exactly Sherlock's words he felt as if they were meant for him. He swallowed the lump in his throat and began to speak again "Then have my lips the sin that they have took."
"Marriage is about compromise son. More importantly trusting your alpha to provide and care for you and the baby. I know it may be difficult and the last thing I would want to happen is for you to leave but maybe it's time."
Sherlock interrupted by showing him a picture of yellow graffiti "Chinese smugglers who were upset over a fellow member of their gang stealing from them. They killed anyone who got in their way and I stopped them! Don't you see John I have so much to do here! You could help me on cases. You're a medical man you could help me when I need someone to feed off of. We could do this together."
John was sure this wasn't true. Someone was pulling a huge prank on him. Not only was this the alpha who insulted him but this alpha was also the crowned prince and he would be his lab partner. Could this day get any worse?!
"I have made peace with the fact that my time has come to give you a strong leader that you deserve. Crowned prince Sherlock will be taking the throne come the end of May which will be in two months. Have have no doubt in my kind that he will be a good and just King as all if you deserve. I know turn the attention over to my son, Prince Sherlock." Siger stepped away from the podium and clapped as everyone else did while Sherlock took the stand.
The flat is so empty without your presence. If you just gave me one day maybe I could look back and see where was the point of no return. Maybe I could see what you see and know that there is no chance for us.
Sherlock glared at him through the sweat and tears that were invading his eyes "How would you bloody well know?! Vous et votre grand, stupide, alpha bite! Ma mère m'a mis en garde sur vous et je aurait dû écouter! Si je le faisais, je ne serais pas dans cette position en premier lieu!"*
When John was home he saw the black car that contained his guard and felt bad making the old man wait outside. He couldn't help but take a cup of tea out to him. He knocked on the window and Alvin rolled it down setting aside the paper. "What can  do for you Master John?"
The nurses bad attitude escalated and in a nasty tone said "Sir, I'm going to need you to calm down or I'm going to have to call security."
John spoke up "Thank you for all that but we are doing fine all around. Can you just be happy for us?" He looked at his Dad.
Darius and Sabian tagged teamed Christopher and Connor trying to back the two into a corner so there was no way out.
Judge Peterson looked to John. "Do you John Watson take Sherlock Holmes to be your lawfully wedded husband? To bond together in sickness and in health as long as you both shall live? To protect and provide as all Alphas have done before you?"
Sargent Smith nodded "Yes and I am pleased to announce that he has accepted my recommendation and has personally invited you to study under him."
They were all sitting at the table in the kitchen. Archimedes was currently in his grandmothers arms. Killian was in Sigers lap currently being fed biscuits even though it was way too close to supper time. Waylon, Lucretia, Edelweiss, and Valentina were under the table by the adults feet having a tea party of their own while the older children were in the sitting room listening to their music devices or watching television.
Sherlock had all his children join him in a group hug. "Just remember. You all come first and I love you very much."
"So you want me to apologise for something that isn't even my fault?! Fine! I apologise for you and for family being such pricks about everything!"
Pulling himself out of his thoughts and continuing on their walk Sherlock replied "Somewhat. John and I agreed that we wanted the sex to be a surprise since we read that it makes for more excitement in the delivery room."
A splat was heard and Sherlock looked down in panic. He then looked up at John who had fear in his eyes at well "Get an ambulance here. My waters just broke."
"Alright! That enough!" John shouted "Dad I think it's time for you and Mum to go home. Sherlock and I are adults and we are the ones having a baby so if ANY of you want to be apart of our lives you will play by our rules!"
Caleb relaxed in the presence of the Omega and conjuring up the little confidence he had approached Sherlock with the daisy in his hand. “I picked this for you.” He said in almost a whisper.
"Then by the power invested in me by her majesty the Queen I now pronounce you spouses. You may kiss your husband."
Sherlock closed his eyes and braced himself for the words that were going to come out of his mouth "If you can agree to stay in London until the baby is born....I'll move to Scotland."
Sherlock gazed out into the gardens watching the gardeners trim his mothers roses. John would have ended his heat a week ago but without any way to communicate with him he had no idea how John was fairing. If he was even thinking about him.
Sherlock watched from the corner and saw John trying to take control of the situation to no avail. Archimedes had begun crying; scared of the loud noises and Killian and Caleb had decided to hide behind his legs.
It all started at a tailor shop in the country. A old tailor man named Schmuel went missing and being the small town that this tailor shop was placed at, it would obviously draw attention when someone very near and dear to the community seemed to vanish into thin air.
He yelled at the sky trying to get out all his emotions. The heartbreak over a relationship. The knowledge that he failed. Worst yet, knowing that he would never be able to hold his child. He would never be able to see the brilliant combination that he and Sherlock would make. Never see a chubby baby with Sherlocks curls and eyes, never know if it was a boy or girl. Never hear the name 'Daddy' ever be called.
Up until the day he had to leave to Scotland he tried to get a hold of Sherlock. It seemed that every member of the Holmes family was determined to keep him far away. They even went so far as changing the locks to 221 and having all his stuff in boxes outside the door.
Bruce clenched his jaw. "Yeah right. Look laddie. I don't care who you are but you are not to come with in a hundred kilometre radius of my son. I made a promise on the day he was born and we found out that he was an Omega that I would not let anything hold him back from doing what he wants. I have kept that promise and I never plan to break it. I don't care that you're the prince. You could be the bloody pope and I still wouldn't let you in there. Stay away from my son. I want him to do great things and no horny Alpha is going to keep him from that!"
"You don't understand though John!" Before Greg completely burst he calmed back down "Sherlock needs you, more then he's willing to admit. You need to come here and talk with him. Please." Greg begged.
Sherlock felt bad for his husband. John desperately needed a break and that's exactly what Sherlock was going to give him.
John grit his teeth. Even though his mother was quite traditional he grew up in a very forward thinking household. His father never let his secondary gender rule him. He would treat him just like any other person and would in fact strive to make sure his son got everything he wanted out of life despite being an Omega.
"I observed. I can smell the birth control but it's only very faint under your natural smell although it has a slight hint of sterile meaning you still have some suppressants in your system. You have a tan line on your writs and neckline which means you've been out in the desert and the only reason to go is because you are in the army. Being an Alpha I know Omegas are not allowed to fight in combat, you look to bullheaded for a desk job so you're training in the medical field. It'll get you close enough to the action while still abiding by the restrictions put on your gender. You're favouring your left side but not enough for anyone to notice so you're trying not to worry someone which must be your family. Too small to be major but yet if it's still giving you problems that means it was quite a wound and since you were training I can only come to the conclusion you were under attack. The only question I cannot answer is were you in Afghanistan or Iraq."
Sherlock dumped the rest of the dust in the bin and looked at John. His suit jacket long gone and his sleeves rolled up "So how did I do?"
John nodded and gestured to a table in the corner "Want to grab us those seats so we can catch up a bit?"
Kathleen put on her fake smile "Of course you wouldn't dear and you know we al want our little Sherlock to be happy. I'm taking it palace life isn't something you're used to?"
John bit the inside of his cheek and took a deep breath "Fine." John looked Sherlock up and down "Next time you come in, loose the suit."
Siger held his sons shoulders very gently "You'll have to cancel our University deal. I need you here to teach you all that you will face. As for your Omega.... I'll leave that decision in your hands."
John shifted back and forth a bit "Listen I know I probably don't deserve it but....maybe if you could.....you could tutor me on this? I need all the help I can get."
John couldn't get Sherlock back to the room he got ready in fast enough. Once the doors closed he began kidding him hard and started to unbutton the jacket Sherlock was wearing.
"Don't call me stupid, idiot!" Persephone shot back and the arguing continued as they walked to Sherlocks room.
"Twenty minutes eh? I'll show you twenty minutes." John then lifts Sherlock in a bridal carry which makes Sherlock burst out in laughter.
"Well no matter that's what nannies are for." Violet said handing off her cup to a maid for her to take away. "We'll give John today to recover from his misfortune but tomorrow I will begin to oversee his grooming and preparations for the wedding." Violet held her Alphas hand and smiled "This is going to be such fun."
Siger relented and turned around he took a deep breath and shut his eyes. He then turned back to the couple. "Take the Omega home. This is a family issue and I will not have someone who is not family be here."
It sounded so simple but with those few words it was like all of Sherlock's wishes came true. For the first time in his life he made a decision on impulse and not on facts. "Yes." He said.
Tristan obviously thought that it was a race to see how fast he could gulp down his bottle. He was a very big baby because he constantly ate.
"Who said anything about wanting or needing friends? I'm just here to do as my parents ask and get home as quickly as possible."
Sherlock winced at the pain but it quickly turned into a warm feeling, like when you had a sore muscle that was being massaged out. The bite would trigger Sherlock's heat in about 12 hours and then they could complete the bond.
Sherlock silenced, this pointless arguing wasn't going to get him anywhere, he just wanted to disappear into his study and fiddle with his microscope. Before that though he knew they needed to discuss the consequences of his actions "So what is it this time? Forbid me to help Lestrade out with security? Lock me in my room until I must assume the throne?"
Soon plates were passed and dinner started. Not wanting to be rude Sherlock took rather large portions of everything with the full intent to eat every last bit of it even though it was more then he usually ate in a week. Of course John noticed but didn't saying anything.
"I have to study. Sherlock doesn't understand that we all don't have a photographic memory and be a genius. I honestly can't believe he even set this up."
"Thank you Father, everyone for your kind applause and acknowledgement." John was surprised how well spoken and unlike Sherlock he was. "While I accept this task with honour I also accept it with sorrow for my father before me was a King among many. I will follow in his footsteps to provide you with the monarch you deserve and the willingness to dedicate my life to my country just as other have before me. I do this not alone though. Not only with the help of fellow supporters but with someone a little closer to my heart." Sherlock turned his head "I'm officially announcing as well that I have begun courting one John Watson and I hope with his guidance that we can continue to reform our country."
You promised that we would never part. That our love was one for the ages and I was foolish enough to believe you.
John dared and as much as he could leaned over and took a peak on the other side of the sheet where he saw the top of the baby's head. He instantly regretted that decision as his face went white and he started to feel slightly woozy. He shook his head to clear it as once again Sherlock pushed.
The hot water felt good on his sore muscles and he silenced out the noise of the loud friendly banter and jokes for awhile.
The monitor then turned on and John just saw blobs of grey. He didn't know exactly what he was supposed to be looking at and felt like a right tit because he didn't see anything specific. "I'm not really seeing anything familiar...."
Mycroft couldn't help but scoff at his younger brother's stupidity "John must learn the customs that are going to be required of someone of his soon-to-be station. It's only natural that, that learning is not something someone just wakes up with."
Sherlock laid down on the couch thinking of the strange encounter he had with Mary. She wanted John and he couldn't shake the feeling that maybe at some point John wanted her too. He felt self-conscious, she was pretty, matched John, and currently not sporting a five month baby bump.
Sherlock just laughed at his sons misery "Odessa that was very nice but next time try not playing it in an F-flat and try a C instead."
Sherlock smiled "This is 221 Baker Street. I live in 221B. The is our home." He then opened the door and let John in.
Sherlock shrugged "Wear a high collar and avoid getting close to anyone else. Which you shouldn't be doing in the first place."
Mike ran up to him "Oi! John! Where you've been? You just buggered off last night without saying a word then I get back to our dorm and there's boxes. What's going on?"
John groaned when the light from the outside came into his room from one of the maids pulling it open.
Zachary came in defence of his son "John makes money with his internship and the army will cover the rest. I'm sure your sons trust fund is just an added bonus. If anything we could afford to help them."
When I walked into the lab after Mike had told me you were looking for a flat mate I counted it as a bonus that you were the most handsome man I have ever. Then you opened your big beautiful mouth and in an instant knew more about me then most of my friends do.
Valerie looked completely taken "Oh one of your chefs, how nice. Why don't we all sit down? Dinner is ready!"
John excepted the invitation "Sounds like fun actually. I'll see if Christopher and Chloe can hold down the fort so as of right now count me in."
John backed up into the wall. The shock of seeing his Father so angry was new and scary, never in his life had Bruce ever been this angry. John though began to feel his own anger bubble up inside. "I'm no ones whore!" he shouted "Why can't you just be happy for me?!"
Never the less Greg was working up his courage to dial the number. He finally took a deep break and hit the call button. The phone rang three times and before Greg hung up there was a voice.
Your book that you are receiving great praise for has gobbled your attention from me. We argue a lot more then we're accustomed to. You say hurtful things and I push back. More days then not we go to bed angry.
The ceremony ended and the stadium became a bustle of commotion with families trying to locate each other. Sherlock awkwardly started to work his way down the bleachers when a sharp pain hit him very low in his stomach.
"No but after the initial shock I realised something like this can't be helped. It's time to start thinking about what's ahead."
Valentina and Edelweiss ran off towards their room giggling as Sabian, the eldest of his adopted children, walked in with a book "Mum, it says here that oxidising acids with combustible material may cause a fire. Can we try it?"
John jumped but began to go out of the room. As he left he could hear Sherlocks heart breaking sobs.
Caleb pointed his finger at his 11 years old brother Clark who was coming back out of the house to grab another box. "Clark said that the reason we moved here was so that you could drop me off at my new school and never see me again."
John conscious kept him up all night as he tried to think of a way to tell Sherlock the news. He came up empty and didn't know what he was going to do.
John then sat across from him getting their drinks down on the table "Christ how have you been? What has the great Sherlock Holmes been up to since we last saw each other?" He said taking a drink of his beer.
Something wasn't right. Sherlock could tell. John had been avoiding him like the plague the past few weeks. At first Sherlock had written it off as John crunching to graduate but there was something deeper and he could tell his husband was hiding something from him.
John blew out a breath, he loved exercise but running for two kilometres with your drill sergeant shouting "Faster!" was borderline abuse. Still it helped clear his head from all the stresses of the classes he was currently taking at the English college.
Caleb bounced back and forth from foot to foot in his very four year old manner. "Permission to speak Captain?"
Sherlock let out a sigh "That's no concern of yours, besides I have children Persephone and some of them quite dependent on me." He said gesturing to the baby on his chest. "I can't just bugger off."
Sherlock looked down. "You don't understand John. The press, the court, my family. It will all be too much."
Sherlock walked around to the other side of the table so he could face John. "While I am all for higher education and being at the top of your class I would like the relaxed husband I started out with. That's why you're getting a surprise today."
Sorry I haven't posted in awhile. It'll probably be me posting far and few in between for a little longer due to work and the holidays. If you want to see the dance/hear the song the Charlotte did you can look it up on YouTube Little Dancer-In Between. I'm in love with it!!! Thanks for reading. See you next time. :)
Sherlock slightly tensed. "Dying?" He felt stupid repeating the information he just received and if he were anyone else he would have berated them for being so stupid.
"Okay I'm going to need you to pant and give me little pushes so we can get this kids head out. Little pants please." Oliver said.
After her parents are silent for longer then she deems necessary she scoffs. "See? Can't even fess up to it can you?" Charlotte slips on her shoes and grabs a jacket. "Don't wait up." She says as she slams the door to the flat.
I don't want to hurt you. I just want us to be fine which I think we will be if I don't have to wait for you to be happy with the me.
"For the last time I was not on drugs!" Sherlock said loosing some of his patience. John looked sceptically at Sherlock. Who was this person carrying his child?
Valentina and Edelweiss were very proud of themselves "We released our under artist Mummy." Valentina said with a smile. "Mrs. Hudson said that if you had an inner feeling that you need to express it!"
Sherlock was angrily taking off his clothes and putting on his pyjamas "Why?! Your father seems to think we're children and an evolutionary flaw! We may as well start acting like it!"
Sherlock quickly wrapped his hands around his stomach in a protective motion "That won't happen." Sherlock sighed. "I decided after the baby is born I'm going to move away from London, try to start anew in Paris. John will be none the wiser and I'll be able to carry on with my life."
Sherlock sighed he guessed it was better to tell Greg then anyone else. "Something is wrong with John..."
John roles his eyes "Believe me. You could show up here naked and my Mum will still think you're the best thing to ever happen to us."
Sherlock growled and pulled the guards off of him. "He poses no threat! We are in a committed relationship! This is all so fucking ridiculous!"
"John Hamish Watson." The speaker called out. His name was met with great cheers from his friends and Sherlock took out his phone to take a picture of John receiving his diploma.
"Family?" Sherlock said. "I realise that you had a mate but it seems that they're not in the picture anymore."
Mycroft who was sitting at his desk couldn't help but smile at the Alphas voice "Unfortunately I have not called you to exchange pleasantries, love."
Sherlock picked up the script and started to read out loud "Alas, that love, whose view is muffled still, should, without eyes, see pathways to his will!"
Mycroft wiped the crumbs away as he stood up "Well if that isn't a good example of what I was talking about." He then turned towards the door. "Mother, Father shall I escort you out?"
John nodded and pointed to Christopher "See that was the approval I was looking for." John grabbed his keys and wallet "Don't stay up too late everyone and all you" he gestured to the younger kids "Mind Chloe and Christopher."
Kathleen took a drink from her champagne glass "My, my, I never guessed that our little Sherlock had it in him to catch such a handsome Omega all on his own." She began to run her finger over the rim of her glass and John could feel a tension to begin. "You know, there was a slight arrangement for Sherlock to marry my boy but it seems that Sherlock went a little rogue."
Regardless though John was happy, he accomplished so much and had people constantly congratulating him on his children who were all pure-bred Alpha boys and Omega girls.
The pair headed to the back of the building to a locked stairwell. "Keep watch." Sherlock said as he began to pick the lock.
"This freak out has been going on for the past year! I know you've been through a lot but guess what? So have I! I was in that room with you Charlotte! My own Father threatened to kill you in front of me if we didn't bond! My father killed himself the very same day leaving me in this world alone to live with adults who can barely stand to look at me! You have parents who support and love you no matter what shit you get yourself into! I don't have that luxury! I have no parent to tell me they're proud of me, I have no Dad who's willing to hug me when I cry, I don't have a Father who tells me it's going to be alright. I have you and Tristan and that's it!"
I look at other couples and thank God we are not them. They have stress and cheating and it seems they hide who they really are from their significant other but with you and I we just seem to flow well together.
Mike flinched John never used his full name unless he was upset "I know that but if it's this bad now how do you think it's going to be when the kid comes? All of us now that your marriage is going to fail one way or another, wouldn't it be better if it was on your own terms? Preferably before the kid showed up and all new responsibilities come?"
John got dressed and took a long shower, the fight truly never leaving his mind. He tried to get his mind off of it during his classes but the lectures only pulled him further into his head.
Sherlock put his hands behind his back and dropped his head. "Matters of diplomacy that unfortunately I had to see to. But I wanted to speak with you John."
Sherlock cleared his throat "We should um....get going. It's getting late and classes...." He trailed off.
He was greeted by a group of people all in black. "Welcome John." A woman with black hair in a tight bun and a small frame said being the first to smile and shake his hand. "My name is Meredith. I'm the royal families personal stylist. I'm assigned to the well being of any omega in the family or personally connected to the family. This is my team and we're going to make sure you look your best today." Her smile was warm and reassuring.
A woman the same age as his mother who was obviously the manager came up to him and blocked him. "This way!" she said urgently "We'll get you out through the back."
John knelt down on the ground so he was looking at his youngest face to face "Well not for a little bit but next week you will."
John took a subtle sniff but couldn't really pick up anything. The smell he faced almost had a sterile scent to it, like a house with too much cleaner but underneath he could ditect the faintly sweet smell of Omega but only if he tried really hard.
Sherlock smiled “Hello Watson’s. I am very excited to meet you all. Your Father speak very highly of you all.” Sherlock turned to his family and smiled. “These are my children.”
Sherlock whimpered and shook his head and started to cry again "I don't know." He hated how he sounded so desperate and seemed to loose all his intelligence but right now he just wanted the most powerful drugs to make the pain stop.
John was stepping in for the queen to oversee a donation being made to the hospital to expand the cancer wing. While normally he would be more than happy to be involved his grades had been slipping due to the pressing need to be available at any given time to the crown. His professors have been kind enough to be understanding but that kindness was starting to dry up.
"Sh...." John said trying to calm Mike down. "Don't need to let the whole bloody planet know. But yes, it happened the night of the dare."
Harry though, never let him forget it. She was older, meaner, stubborn, and an Alpha through and through. He wasn't even sure Harry believed the taunts she threw his way, but he did know they were just meant to get a rise out of him. Her only goal was to upset him and he tried to never give her the satisfaction.
"I know who you are." The man said with a snarl and slammed the door behind him so they were both outside.
Mycroft turned to his brother "Come now Sherlock don't think of it as a punishment think of it as an opportunity to get to know the people."
When Sherlock approached John on the subject of telling his parents John said that they were out of the country and wouldn't be back for awhile. Sherlock then said John was a terrible liar but let it slide.
"No Grandad. They're like robots." Darius said. "John is in the military and I think his kids are joining him."
John shrugged he honestly felt detached as if he was watching himself so he could escape his emotions "I guess it was bound to happen sometime...I guess I just....didn't expect it like this....I had hoped...." John shut his eyes and berated himself for even thinking of the slight hope that he and Sherlock would get back together. "I'm just going to go up to my room."
John could hear Sherlocks sobs but as much as he wanted to go and beg forgiveness the alpha tendencies were gnawing at the core of his being and he thought it safer for his mate to just wait out his rage in their bedroom before going back and retracting his demands.
Sherlock was tired of this conversation, since his children were small they wanted their mother to find an Alpha, not that they craved a Father but they just wanted him to have a companion so he wouldn't look so sad when he thought they weren't looking.
John was a little taken back by the statement. In that moment it was if he felt the freedom he took for granted up till now drain from his body. He couldn't help but slump in his chair and a frown appear on his face. Sherlock obviously noticed the shift in John's mood and never wanted to make his love miserable.
Sherlock and John turned towards the noise and before they could stop the fighting Sabian had picked up a piece of lasagne and aimed it at Christopher but missed and hit Cody instead.
Molly shook her head sadly "No. But I try to keep updated as possible. I even have him as my background. Look."
John was smiling so hard his face began to hurt, he wanted to badly to snog Sherlock senseless but has no desire to embarrass himself in front of his family so he settled with laying a kiss on his arm.
"I bet you don't." Avoiding the mess Sherlock helped his husband up to his feet. "Come on let's get you to bed so you can sleep this off."
Sherlock goes back to his stretching "It's natural and it's not like you'll be doing any of the work anyways."
"Get out!" Sherlock yelled. He grabbed his pillow and threw it at him "Get out and leave me alone!!"
"No, Sherlock." The tears wouldn't stop as he started approaching the bed a little closer. "Sherlock I want to be with you."
"Alright no need to get hostile you two." Siger said calmly. "Violet, whether we like it or not these people have become our sons in-laws. We need to be civil. Please just talk with them. Please? For our unborn grandchild?"
John knocks over the kitchen table shattering all of Sherlock's experiments as well as some kitchen plates left over from breakfast. "Clean this up." John says as he walks to the bedroom and slams the door.
Sherlock rolled his eyes he was going to have to talk to the woman who was his children's nanny. "I'm sure she didn't say use your brother as an easel." He then walked over to his four year old and bent down as much as he could with Archimedes on his hip and took off the little boys shirt. "Go play in the bath tub."
"Wait Sherlock." John grabbed Sherlock's arm before he could get up from the bed "I didn't mean it like that. I just...don't want you to regret it later on down the road."
Sherlock came up behind her poking her back startling the woman. When she turned around she started laughing and lightly hit Sherlock's arm "Sherlock! You nearly scared me to death." She then grabbed his face and started peppering it with kisses.
Charlotte felt hurt but was determined to get a cuddle from her son. "Come her Tristan I just want a kiss."
As apart of his relocation he had been asked to teach some courses at St. Barts so the new upcoming generation of Doctors could learn from an experienced solider. John would be lying if he said he wasn't excited, teaching had always been a passion of his.
The omegas eyes were a pool of green and blue. John couldn't remember the last time he'd seen something so breath taking as this omegas eyes. Realising he probably had been quiet for to long when the omega gave him a even bigger look of irritation. "Sorry but um....." Quick think fast he thought to himself "This seat taken?"
He then gently picked up Tristan to take him downstairs and put him in the cradle they had set in the living room. He didn't what the baby to wake up and disturb Charlotte.
Sherlock still not looking at his daughter adjusted Archimedes to the other the other nipple so he could latch on again. "Why do you care if I mingle with the common minds of London?"
The Watson's all stared at each other then Sherlock walked up. "I realise this is a shock. But maybe to soften the blow you'd like to get to know my family and I better? I just texted my Father to set up a lunch for us all if you care to join?"
Sherlock came to a crouch in front of John and ran his finger though his hair. He spoke softly "John, I have duties to preform so I have to go but I'll be back later okay?"
From what he understood John had moved in with Greg after there fight a few months back. Neither were willing to start the divorce process but it seemed they may as well have been complete strangers.
Amanda started laughing "Oh lighten up!" Amanda quickly grabbed a beer can and handed it to Charlotte. "Here. This will wind you down."
"Wait! Sherlock!" John tried again but for since reason he felt like he was glued to the stage. He watched Sherlock slam the door of the theatre and tried to make sense of what just happened.
Sherlock was beginning to feel a little fearful but composed himself as much as possible. "You must be Johns father, Bruce." He held out his hand. "It's nice to meet you."
"Wait....that's it?" John said calling after him "You tell me your pregnant, introduce me to your family and just bugger off?"
"You're right, but in public it's not that good. Here." He handed him a few pounds. "Go buy us another round."
Speak of the devil, Sherlock walked into the chamber where the fitting was taken place. "Very lovely." He said in approving voice. He walked up behind John and looked at them both the the mirror. He adjusted the shoulders of the jacket he was wearing and nodded in approval. "I told you navy was a good colour on you."
Meredith could see the look of hurt and anger that came across John's face and stepped up to grab his hand. "Look." She said gently. "It's not because you need work, there's just a certain image that must be maintained and it's not because you're not perfect and we're not going to change you. We're just going to spruce you up a bit. You'll feel good as new!"
He had honestly tried everything to get out of it even feeding Waylon, Lucretia, and Killian sweets so they'd be extra hard to handle but it seemed Sabian had them in line in a heartbeat. Sherlock didn't know if it was because Sabian was technically head Alpha (because he was the oldest Alpha in their home), or if it was just because Sabian had a nack for taking care of children, but the three little ones had sat down peacefully in front of a movie as he left.
The ceremony began and the guest speaker was some former alumni. He went on and on about how this is a stepping stone and enjoy the time you have. Sherlock huffed at the hypocrisy of his words, this man was gong through a deep depression that began with his wife divorcing him and sucking every pound out of his bank account. Sherlock could tell the only reason he was speaking today was the promise of a pay check.
Persephone let out a groan of irritation and threw her head back "Because Mum!" She lifted her head again to stare back at her Mother "You deserve one night off to...you know...remember what fun is."
Being somewhat called out of their trance the Watsons “Nice to meet you Holmes family.” They said somewhat hesitantly.
Stephan started laughing to himself "Can you imagine? John will have a frilly diaper bag with baby carrier strapped to his front."
John was still a little dumbstruck. He had been avoiding telling his parents about the baby and his marriage and now it was going to practically slap them right in the face. "Sherlock could I-"
Sherlock gave a half smile and stepped in front of John easily tying it into a Windsor knot. "There we are. You'll be the most handsome alpha there. I'll have to bat away all the pretty omegas." Even though that statement meant to be a joke it made his heart clench at the thought.
John angrily tossed the clothing over his arm "Don't mind if I do!" he then slammed the door on his way out.
John climbed up the stairs and shut the door. It felt good to be in here, almost like a private sanctuary away from the cruel words of his sister. But if anything he should thank her, after all she did give him a new dynamic to the Sherlock predicament.
"No. I was going to pick him up from class but then I remembered he has an appointment with his doctor today so I nixed that idea."
Mycroft and Sherlock say on one couch while Violet and Siger sat on the other. An uncomfortable silence befell the family as the parents stared at their son and Sherlock avoided eye contact.
Once John saw him he went over to him and gave him a kiss. John saw that Sherlock was a little more paler then normal which made him slightly worried. "You alright?"
John swallowed and debated whether to tell the truth or make an excuse up. He decided the truth "I'm going to see Sherlock."
The children waved goodbye to their grandparents and Sherlock wiped off the fake smile he currently had on and closed the door. He then turned towards his children who all scattered afraid of what the backlash would be for telling on him to their grandparents.
John went into the bathroom and closed the door. He began to strip down and change into the clothing Sherlock handed him. "Are we meeting your parents at a restaurant?" He said through the door.
Under the pile he found an invitation from Mike Stamford and his Beta wife Lily's ten year anniversary party. Mike was one of the less intelligent people at St. Barts but they weren't what you would call "close". Sherlock in the past had to go to Mike for his expertise on various diseases when a case called for it and Mike would always give a friendly hello and every once in awhile Sherlock could be persuaded to have a cup of tea and talk to Mike about cases he was working on.
Mike nodded "Doing well. They told me you were coming back for awhile and I've been sitting on pins and needles waiting for you to get here."
Now go enjoy your sweets and coco. As for me I'm just going to enjoy watching my love play Christmas carols on the violin.
It was a moment worth living in. Both bodies seemed to connect and John's thrusts made them give out moans and sighs from shared lips. Kisses where exchanged and at some point Sherlock's hand had found their way to John hair gently pulling on it.
John willed himself to remember all the information then noticed the cab started slowing down. They were in front of a huge mansion with quite a few cars parked in front of it. From a distance you could tell that there was a major event going on.
Sherlock being used to getting down on a child level stared directly into Caleb’s eyes. “Thank you.” He said honestly. “Who might you be?”
As he was getting comfortable his door opened and John looked up expecting to see an eager but nervous student walk through the door. Instead Mike Stamford, his friend back in med school walked in, he looked different with the few extra pounds on him.
Sherlock smiled "If I have to stop heaven itself I will be sure that we will have some time alone then."
Already Sherlock felt hot and sticky. The slick from his backside stared to come but it wasn't dripping just yet. The want for his Alpha stared to take over.
The family all had a somber feeling to them. John and Sherlock were quite as well as David. Tristan was making his happy baby noises.
He walked over to John and started to kiss his neck. John gave an exasperated sigh "I'm busy right now love."
"Fine." Sherlock said even though it wasn't the least bit believable. "Dinner is served by the way."
When they got into Greg's office Sherlock leaned against the desk trying not to cry out in pain "No you don't John. Love is an illusion."
"I'm not asking for any of your inputs." Sherlock said being fed up with this conversation. "I am merely informing you so that you will attend the ceremony. It's in Kensington Gardens. Nothing fancy. We wanted something outdoors. And I would......appreciate it if you would come."
My loves eyes grew big as he began to put all the peices together. He began to rip the dress to find pictures sewn in between the fabric along with a note.
On top that I've found someone I love and I am thrilled with the fact you love me back. We quickly became this couple that I think beats all others. You're this beautiful, amazing person and if I were to talk about all the things I love about you we'd be sitting here for a lifetime.
John's face blushed "We can switch ever once in awhile." Avoiding further embarrassing discussion he began kissing him again.
Cody aged 14 and Connor aged 12 started rough housing and rolled each other to the ground in front of the house. Both were yelling at each other "Shut up!" Cody said in as much of a military voice as she could trying to model her Alpha father.
The school library was one of their perfect hiding places. It was quiet and secluded and they could easily hide behind bookshelves.
It had been a month since Charlotte left. Her weekly calls stated that she was doing well and enjoying her time with the ballet company.
Siger nodded and turned to Richard who was standing by the arch of the room "Richard some tea please and maybe a few biscuits."
Sherlock approached her slowly and grabbed her by her shoulder gently "Yes. We got married last night. Please don't say anything to my parents though yet. I haven't told them."
That question had been haunting him the past few days and hearing it out loud felt like a knife digging into his heart "I don't know." He answered honestly. "He saw his Sargent a few weeks ago and ever since then he's been avoiding me. I think something's wrong but he won't tell me anything. I think he's hiding something..."
A few weeks went by and John hadn't seen Sherlock since. He kept an eye out for him on campus but their paths never crossed. He knew that a few of his mates shared the same class but he always had another class that clashed with their schedule so he could never stick around to run into him.
Charlotte nodded and headed towards the front. It wasn't exactly a bad thing to be called to that bar but you were criticised much more then the others. Charlotte knew it was a ploy to put a sense of fear in her.
What's funny is the next day we act like nothing ever happened. We make plans to go on cases and things we should do together and it seems alright.
I'm just so done with everyone and thier stupidity. What doesn't help is you've been gone so often with your book tour I haven't really seen you in the past six months or so.
Valerie walked in "Are you not feeling well?" She said worriedly and placed her hand on his forehead.
"Apparently the condom didn't work and you know as well as I even though fertility is greatly diminished outside of a heat there's still a chance it could happen."
He immediately grabbed the bottom of his stomach and gasped in pain. An older woman came up behind him with a concerned look "Are you alright?" She asked.
"Mycroft, just because you're lonely and suffering doesn't mean you can ridicule John and I for showing affection." Sherlock said defensively.
His Dad nodded cheerfully "Yes, we were surprised to find out you weren't on campus anymore but living in a flat. Did the university set you up here?"
I nod my head in understanding though silently wishing you would just come up to the flat with me and we could just buy replacements for all your things later.
One of Amanda's friends Chloe said "Oh come on. You're with the baby all the time. I'm sure your mate can handle him for awhile longer."
Greg shook his head "I didn't know that Sherlock was bringing him tonight, Sherlock has only mentioned him once."
"I can't do that! I can't be selfish when I have a family to think about! Despite everything that has happened I love them! In fact I should probably go apologise for last night."
As dessert was placed before him King Siger finally decided to speak. "So John, how is university going?"
Caleb help up a small daisy that he had picked with the help of Chloe “Would it be okay if I gave him this?”
Sherlock being so used to his children trying to startle him had gotten used to not jumping when a surprise happened. He looked up and saw Persephone standing at the bottom of the stairs in pyjama bottoms with skulls and a black tank top.
