“Yeah?” he asked, looking up. “How are those crazy kids doing?”
Tony had put in safeguards to keep from hurting him unintentionally. It was a thoughtful act, but there was a part of Steve that couldn’t help but think that it put a lot of power into his hands; he could always call out a stop and then keep attacking anyway. Who knew how long it’d take before Tony could use his weapons again, five seconds, ten seconds, a minute? Time enough to take Tony down.
“Of course, that was on Asgard.  I believe it is equal to four of your Earth days.”
“I think of it more as facilitating the process,” Tony said, giving him a tight smile.
He had to rest his hands on Steve’s back as the room suddenly tilted and take several long breaths. It wasn’t a full-blown panic attack, but he could feel how it could become one. Tony normally avoided thinking about his feelings at all cost, clamping down on those thoughts whenever they threatened to rear up, but the day had whittled down his defenses without him noticing.
“—and I was wondering if you need me to be done by a certain time.”
Steve had never realized how strong tongues were before, how flexible and mutable. He’d been rimmed in the past, once, but his partner hadn’t been even a fraction as enthusiastic as Tony was, and it’d been nice but not something he’d thought of much since. He’d never imagined how soft and wet and needy he could feel from it, and now that he knew, he didn’t know how he was expected to ever forget.
“Alright. Next time I will,” Steve said and smiled, pleased.
like he’s harboring any diabolic plans, however, and Steve’s brain is hazily reassuring him he would never have gone to sleep in the company of someone
was he doing? The absolutely
It’d seemed so impossible to believe at first. It couldn’t actually be true.
For a second, it seems like Dr. Stark is going to say something—but then he sighs quietly instead and all that comes out is, “I’ll leave you to get dressed then.”
And upon reflection, it was
Fuck, he wants Tony’s knot so much, and he doesn’t even care if he comes—although who’s he kidding? Of course he’ll come. He’s about to come again as it is, his approaching orgasm makes him tense up so hard he thinks he’s going to shatter when it finally hits, and if Tony were to knot him, he’d come over and over again, get knot-drunk on Tony’s cock and keep coming from the aftershocks long after Tony was finished with him.
Listening to the jangle of Tony’s belt and the crinkle of the condom wrapper is another form of torture, and Steve doesn’t mean to bite at Tony’s mouth, but he can’t stop, aching with want. Tony positions the head of his cock against him, and as Steve feels the large, blunt pressure, he has a fraction of a second to realize maybe Tony stretching him might have been a good idea after all, and then Tony starts pushing in.
Steve yanked him close, twisting his fingers into his hair and kissing him until he couldn't breathe properly, until all he could taste and touch and feel was Tony, and it was fitting that he'd taken over his senses, the same way he'd taken over everything else in Steve's life.  Had he really thought he'd be okay if Tony hadn't wanted to be with him?  Had he really thought that'd be possible?
“No, but—”
good, never touching the head of his cock, only using one finger to fuck himself with, going slowly enough that Tony was tempted to call him on following the letter and not the spirit of his instructions. He didn’t, though, because Steve loved and hated being edged, and his machinations were kind of adorable.
It couldn’t last this way forever, though. And even though Tony dreaded Steve leaving him, he could admit there was a tiny part of him—exhausted from all the stress and worry and hoping and all the ups and downs—that was looking forward to it as well.
“Steve,” Tony purred as soon as saw him, and Steve didn’t know what he’d been expecting, but the heat in Tony’s voice and the slow drag of his gaze as it traveled down Steve’s body were better than anything he would’ve anticipated.
Steve narrowed his eyes, and Tony grinned wider.
“I know you are.” Steve didn’t know how Tony managed it, but he gave Steve a small smile that looked completely genuine. “And you’re going to make it up to me, aren’t you?” he said, and Steve inhaled sharply, his heartbeat quickening.
“I think we should check to make sure all the plumbing’s still working,” Tony said after he’d dragged Steve back to his room.  He waggled his eyebrows just to make sure Steve understood what he meant.
Stark smiled when he didn’t respond, if a person could call it that, the corner of his mouth twisting up.
“And you didn’t think that should be something we discussed before you asked?” he said, his voice rising. “We might have completely different ideas about what’s appropriate—”
They did it just the way Tony had said they would, with Tony standing and Steve on his knees at his feet.
But Tony didn’t say anything else, his lips curling downward more and more, looking sad, not for himself but for
of you?”
What’s worse is that walking next to Tony, feeling the heat of him, seeing the way his muscles seemingly glisten under the sun, makes Steve leak all over again, his body calling out to Tony to touch and taste and devour, like Steve hasn’t permanently humiliated himself. He has to consciously keep his gaze directed forward, no matter how much it wants to drift, and he does multiplication tables in his head in a woefully unsuccessful attempt to keep his thoughts occupied.
“I didn’t say anything.”
But Tony wouldn’t, he knew. Tony never did, Steve realized. He always made excuses for Steve instead, because of his past maybe, or because of being Captain America, or perhaps just because he could see how broken Steve truly was.
“What can I say? I’m just lucky, I guess,” Tony said, but there’s a twist to his lips that made Steve look away.
Steve wouldn’t. He’d never.
“As I understand it, she didn’t originally want you to know. I believe it was a fairly recent diagnosis.”
He’s more gorgeous than anything Tony could have possibly imagined.
, no matter what I say, or what threat I make, or how many things I break, let me into Steve’s room until three days from now. Acknowledge.”
So Tony fingered him until he cried, or tied him up so it was logistically impossible to do anything else (even if they both knew Steve could break free in a second if he wanted) or Tony rubbed his cock all over Steve’s face and neck before coming across Steve’s outstretched tongue, and felt like he was avoiding a time bomb for a few minutes more.
“Do you have anyone who you’re in regular contact with on a social basis?” she asked, and her voice was horribly gentle.
(See the end of the chapter for
Which works all too well.
Steve moaned, flinching back and grabbing Tony’s wrist, but rather than stopping him, he pressed Tony’s hand even harder against him, whimpering in the process.
Title from The Doors' "Light My Fire".
“I know that Ms. Romanov and Mr. Barton have come through the DC office,” she said, finally lowering the magazine. “I don’t know if you spoke with either of them, however.”
He nods again, wishing he could control himself, wishing he knew what Tony was thinking.
Steve hid his face against the leather of the ottoman.
“No, Steve. I can do it,” Natasha said calmly, squaring her shoulders. “We already know Tony finds me attract—”
It wouldn’t … ? He glanced hesitantly back at Tony.
It had been a stupid idea anyway, a way for him to avoid having to make himself too vulnerable. Dr. Saunders had helped him realize that he always kept people at a distance, protecting himself and minimizing any potential to get hurt. He’d nearly done that again with Tony, habit and fear dictating his actions, and he’d only barely managed to stop himself, choosing instead to be frighteningly honest.
ETA: Guys, just remember that I love Tony. The next chapter will not be as bad as this chapter is leading you to believe.
Except it was a lot … wetter … than he’d expected, and he jerked back to his feet, his cheeks blazing as he realized what the problem was. The problem that was starting to drip down his thigh.
It was so hard to form the right words.
Until today.
“I’m not as good as you make me out to be.” It was the second time that Steve had said Tony was a better man than he actually was. He wanted to claim that Steve was right, that he was that selfless, that he could forgive and forget that easily. But he wasn’t. He wasn’t ready to just move past everything that had happened, and he knew from experience that the emotional scars never went away.
But while two looks might be a coincidence, three was a pattern, and there had been that first training session . . .
But he’d thought—Tony had said he wanted—
person.  He can't believe he's being so uncharitable as to jealous of—no, not jealous, he’s not—he’s—
“I have to go,” Steve blurts out desperately before Tony can finish his sentence, as if the damage isn’t already done, a veritable flood of slick pulsing out of him at the thought of Tony putting his hands all over him right now. “I just remembered something I have to do. At home. By myself.”
No, he thought, shame keeping his eyes closed as his cock reacted to having something inside of him, nevermind that it was something cold and foreign, the thing pushing steadily deeper before finally stopping. It didn’t hurt at all.
“Steve,” Tony said once he was gone, the first word he’d uttered since Nick had begun explaining how their contract was over.
Word count: 1,400
“Yes, yes, I can see that,” she said thoughtfully. “You’ve got a little something …” She gestured to a dab of mustard on his cheek.
Tony waved his hand dismissively.  “Are you kidding?  Me and Clint?  Alone?  For a whole weekend?  We’d kill each other.  Besides, my parents would never buy it.”
“I’m heavier than I look,” he said finally, and it wasn’t that he didn’t think Tony could support him, but he wasn’t sure Tony would really want to once he sat down.
“I don’t even know why I called you,” he said, putting the screwdriver down and picking up a torque wrench in its place.
“That’s not what happened—”
It’s embarrassing, so, so embarrassing, but unfortunately, there are worse things for him to focus on than his nipples. One would think that with all the humiliation and with being cold and wet, the last thing Steve would be thinking of would be sex. And yet.
matter.”
. The person who’d reminded him to say “please” and “thank you,” had taught him the difference between right and wrong, and had shown by example how to be more human than a large percentage of the people on the planet. And she was coming to Wayne Manor.
“Steve.” Just a couple more minutes. He could last for a couple more minutes. “I do want to talk.”
Tony kind of hated Steve Rogers in that moment for taking that all away from him, one of the last hold-overs from a childhood that hadn’t been much of one at all.
“Would you believe I was very drunk?”
and stella/
Steve could feel his face go from a mostly normal temperature to scorching hot in under a second. There were mini suns in his cheeks.
“What if I am?” Steve asked, and Tony’s eyes narrowed at the tone which crept along the edge of belligerence.  It demanded a reaction.
It didn’t mean Tony couldn’t tease him though.
...........
Steve was going to orgasm.
That being said, I really dreaded writing this chapter. I didn't start it until a few days ago, and luckily, the muse was still cooperating, but for a while there, I was afraid this was going to be the beginning of another hiatus. >_>
"Love leaves marks on all of us."
Still, it wasn’t enough to withstand a blow from the shield, and a quick but somewhat satisfying backhand later, there were four men on the ground.
“I do actually have the base model ready for manufacture,” Tony says, leaning forward in his enthusiasm, “but I did a few market studies, and one thing several doctors want is for me to include …” He trails off, clearing his throat, and it might be Steve’s imagination but he thinks his face gets redder.  “Anyway, I don’t want to bore you, but yeah, I have to add a little more functionality, and then it should be ready to go. I imagine I’ll be able to start production with the advanced model in less than a year.”
“Too much?” Tony asked solicitously, and Steve shook his head, even though he couldn’t decide if it was the truth or not.
It can’t happen fast enough as far as Steve’s concerned.  Which is horrible, he knows.  He
-----
“I’m sorry too.”
That’s—wow. That’s quite the sight.
He reviewed the footage of breakfast after she left, wrestling with his conscience for a brief second before telling JARVIS to bring it up on screen. He’d told Steve he didn’t monitor the bedroom cameras, and he didn’t, but the kitchen and living room were virtually public domain.
Why did he keep doing that? Why couldn’t he just
Tony had said—
He watches as the muscles flex.
Steve’s thighs clench, tilting inward, but it’s too late for any attempt at modesty, was too late the moment Steve called the office and made an appointment this morning. Steve is literally going to pay to have Dr. Stark clinically slide those long, capable fingers inside of him, and it’ll be impossible for Dr. Stark to miss how hard Steve gets in response or how much slick he gushes as Dr. Stark works him open.
He registers the fact that his fingers are fumbling at Tony’s belt without his conscious permission, and damn it, he’s desperate and very obviously so at that, but he doesn’t want to be the type of person to rush past any kind of foreplay and go straight to the fucking,
Finally.
“Then what
?” Tony growled, and Steve didn’t think his eyes could get any wider.
“Come on, Steve, you’ll love it,” Tony said, the wheedling full force in his voice.  “My parents are staying in LA for the winter, and it’s beautiful out there.  No black snow on the ground or people resembling the Michelin Man because of all the layers they’re wearing.  Just gorgeous beaches and gorgeous people with tons of food and a tub in your bathroom so big, you could swim in it.  I’ll even fly you first class.  You’ll be in the lap of luxury the whole time.”
So he hadn’t been in love with Tony. But the possibility of it, the ache of wanting what Steve couldn’t have, had definitely been there.
“Tony,” Pepper said, squeezing his arm.  “
“What does that even mean?”
Tony waves, and Steve lifts his hand in response, his head ducking without his permission, and he knows that the smile he’s wearing right now is embarrassing, it’s so wide, but he can’t regret it, because Tony’s smiling too.
He moaned as Tony clutched a fistful of hair and tried to deepen the kiss even more.
Steve’s thighs are starting to ache with how tense he is and how wide he’s spread. He wants to blame the tremor of his muscles on that, but he suspects it has a lot more to do with the fact that he’s about to come than anything else. He doesn’t know how to prevent it without telling Dr. Stark, but there’s no way he can do that. Right now Dr. Stark thinks he has a condition that’s causing him to produce enough slick to drown a man, but if Steve comes, Dr. Stark is going to look back on everything they’ve done so far and realize Steve’s been getting off on his touches; that Steve’s been
He clasps Steve's hand, and he knows he's already won when Steve doesn't stop him.
“I watched the ball come down on television.” He glanced away. “There was one on Stark Tower this year—bigger, of course, than the one in Times Square. Tony did always like to put on a show.”
“Mmm, like . . .” He tried to think of a way of explaining things without resulting in Pepper laughing at him. “Like yesterday. Steve didn’t hit me.”
yet, but Captain America, you’ve been in love with him for years.”
“I—yes,” Steve said, confused but latching onto the fact that Tony had decided to keep him. That was all that mattered. “I’ll do whatever it takes—”
Thanks to MetaAllu for letting me bounce this off him. <3
Except Tony actually hadn’t. Tony had said “Subs,” plural, like Steve was one of many, replaceable and easily forgotten, and while he knew it wasn’t true, knew Tony had only been with one other person as long as he’d been with Steve, it didn’t make him feel any better. If anything, it made him feel worse.
Steve had fallen for him like a ton of bricks, and it’s only gotten worse since.
"I was willing to put up with it at home, but we're still technically in the field, Tony, and that's really not appropriate behavior—"
Tony gave a dismissive wave of his hand, and he did that frequently, Steve thought. For a man who was as loud and attention-seeking as Tony could be, he always downplayed the effort he went to for other people. “I like to tinker. It’s not a big deal.”
The words had been like a blow, leaving him hurt and reeling, because they could only mean one thing: Stark had finally decided to assert his rights as his Dom without asking, without caring how Steve felt or what he wanted. Nevermind what Steve had dreamed last night—although for one awful moment, he’d wondered if it was his fault that Stark had brought it up, if he’d just
a public figure, since it was just Tony after all.
He’d thought she’d felt the same way.
Steve roll his eyes.
good to see Tony’s mouth fall open as Steve comes out, and he wishes he could watch Tony watching him, but he’d literally have to walk backwards in order to do it. So after giving Tony what feels like a stupidly bashful smile, he crosses the short distance to the bathroom, the weight of Tony’s eyes following his every step. He finds himself going a little slower than necessary in order to extend the time he can bask under Tony’s appreciative gaze—
“Please, please, Tony,” he begged, and he tried to be still, to grit his teeth and accept it, but it was impossible.
“Well then. Let’s get started.”
to complain. Very much. But . . . it would’ve been selfish. And rude. Of the two of them, he’d been the one to have the most orgasms—although he’d tried to give Tony another one—and Tony had been an extremely generous lover.
“Don’t worry, Steve. It’ll be bad, but it won’t be
“What? No, oh no, Steve, what are you saying?” He moved forward, closing the distance between them without thinking, and gripped Steve’s upper arms, barely resisting the urge to shake him to get him to listen and understand. “You
It’s just incredibly intimate. And sure, so is sex of course, but scenting implies permanence to a certain extent, the desire to memorize how someone smells, to wear that scent on his own skin as a sign that he’s taken, and yes, Steve’s basically naked, but it’s somehow more revealing to let Tony know Steve’s dying to scent him than it is to remove the towel.
When Tony put his free hand on Steve’s lower back and pressed down, raising Steve’s hips higher, it felt like he forced all the air out from Steve’s lungs as well.
He’d never really thought about that before, the threat of someone pressing down, the possibility. What if Tony had tried to choke him?
He half-expected Tony to tell him to stop at some point, he didn’t know why, but Tony didn’t, so Steve didn’t, and he was naked by the end, resisting the urge to shift from foot to foot.
“Good, now come here. You can walk,” Tony said when Steve hesitated, embarrassed by his cock—which was bare and in front of Tony, so of course it was going to get hard—and he blinked before remembering that he was going to have to crawl everywhere from now on.
“We’re not in a contract, but . . . I went to him.”
No wonder Tony didn’t want him anymore.
It wasn’t real, however, and so instead, they just had . . . this.
It wouldn’t do to stare for too long, however, not this first time, although Tony had plans for one day, wondered if Steve would agree to lounging around naked for Tony’s viewing pleasure, would bend over and hold himself open for Tony to take advantage of—or not—as he saw fit. Tony wouldn’t want him to get bored, of course, so maybe a vibrating cock ring to keep him focused and nipple clamps that tugged ever so sweetly whenever he moved. Tony couldn’t decide if he’d prefer to leave Steve’s ass untouched and waiting for him, or if he wanted to split him open on something huge, so he’d cry with gratitude when Tony took it out, but maybe he’d do both.
“So if you don’t like it, you can safeword. Do you have a safeword you want to use?”
He finally just settles on, “How are you doing?” in his blandest voice possible, going for nonchalant and succeeding if he does say so himself.
The thing was that the more Steve thought about it, he couldn’t imagine that slow and careful was going to be enough. He had to do something that made sure Tony couldn’t tear his eyes away.
He liked Tony though.  Liked his biting humor, his confidence, the way he smiled and moved.  Liked him maybe a little bit too much to be honest, but definitely not enough to get him in trouble.  He checked.  Every morning he’d wake up and force himself to stare in the mirror, would eye Peggy’s scars and made sure they were just as dark and long as they’d been the day before.
-----
“Alright, I’m heading this way to clean up,” Tony said at the door, pointing in the opposite direction. “How do you feel about Indian for dinner?”
had a lot of appeal, Tony wanted him to think about
“Did you sleep at all?” Steve asked, voice heavy with resignation.
!” Steve rasped, his voice barely recognizable, and Tony froze, then whined and slowly, oh so slowly, thank goodness, began sinking down as Steve shook and carefully settled back into place.
“It’s not about
All the thanks to
He grabbed Tony’s wrist, dragging him into the bathroom that was one aisle down.
He had a mind, thank you very much, a very
for cheer-reading this and to SpaceCrazyArtist on the mcu discord server for the beta! <3
He’s exhausted by the time he gets home, and he doesn’t call out to Tony to let him know he’s back like he normally would. He’s not angry, has no reason to
Was it any wonder Tony didn’t think he was serious?
standing under the mistletoe.”
was fine, and the sooner they got this over with, the better.
He honestly can’t say why he goes searching for a bottle. It’s not like he can get drunk.
Steve has to bite his lip when he hears the snap of a glove. “Mmhmm,” he murmurs, and he thinks he hates and loves the drape in equal measure because just the thought of Dr. Stark putting on the gloves is enough to get him breathing faster, but he doesn’t know if his self-control could have withstood the actual sight.
That had lead to Stark yelling at JARVIS that they had an emergency and using floating images to explain what a computer was. At length. He’d then bragged about how much better JARVIS was than anything else out there and had demanded Steve take him for a spin and go wild, although not Girls-Gone-Wild-wild, because Fury would kill him.
-----
Steve’s eyes fell to Tony’s neck without thought, looking for red, for any signs indicating what Tony might have been doing last night, even though he’d obviously changed since yesterday—and then Steve immediately forced himself to look away.
He missed Bucky. Peggy. He missed the creaky step on the staircase to his room, and the smell of fresh-baked bread from Mr. Stevens’ bakery that would waft by when the wind was just right. He missed the ubiquity of hats, and the line on the back of women’s stockings, and all the familiar sights and sounds that he’d always taken for granted but were now gone.
Steve wishes he could say that he stays silent for this at least. There’s no hiding that he’s orgasming, not when Dr. Stark’s fingers are inside of him and Steve’s cock is bare and jerking against his stomach; nevertheless, he wants to say that he salvages what dregs of his pride are left to him and doesn’t reveal just how intense his orgasm is.
He could feel the prickle of tears behind his eyes, and he bowed his head, blinking rapidly, refusing to let them fall. He would never have used his safeword if he’d honestly known what else to do, but he wasn’t going to manipulate Tony further by crying in front of him, no matter how genuine the emotion behind it.
“So it’s a good weird.”
When Steve woke up, it was to see Tony looking at a tablet as he lay on his side, facing Steve. It was so normal that Steve let himself just watch for a few seconds, not thinking, not remembering anything, just appreciating the fact that he was there, next to Tony. That he was still allowed this. For however much longer.
Why is this happening to him? This isn’t normal, not even for him, and there are some days during his heat when he gets wet watching medical dramas. Fuck.
to fly? In the air? Don’t they dry out? Don’t they get tired without the ocean buoying them up?
“Of course!  I should’ve asked; I just got . . . distracted.”  Tony grabbed the retention plug, gaze sweeping over Steve’s profile one last time before he moved behind him.  “Okay, I’m taking out the nozzle now,” he warned before putting action to words.
“Now, not that this hasn’t been fun, but I wasn’t expecting you, and I have other places to be.”
No answer.
That up until the past week, Steve had misread everything and
him to have it. They were probably still a long way from that point, but that was alright. For all the weeks that they’d spent together, they didn’t really know that much about one another, and he was happy to give them the time they needed. He wasn’t in love with Tony, not yet—although he knew himself, and it wouldn’t take much more for him to take the fall. Of course, Tony wasn’t in love with him either, and hopefully that would change one day, but until then . . .
“I wasn’t really finished, though,” Tony said, but he let Steve draw him from his seat and didn’t object when Steve started walking towards the door. Tony had already drained and tossed the water bottle, and he felt confident JARVIS would shut everything down once they’d left.
to Steve instead of something he wanted to happen to him, then it wouldn’t have been so bad.
It made him wonder what it’d feel like when Tony went all the way. He’d only ever had anal sex the once—well, a few times with one person—and it’d been nice. Good.
“You are,” she said, sighing.  “You are a
But if he could just get through the next two days of punishment … if he could finally do just one damn thing right when it came to the people who mattered the most—
Bucky, who he knew would be the first to tell him to be happy … but who he’d promised he’d be there for and who had to feel even more alone than Steve had ever been. At least Steve had had people who were happy he was alive, but Bucky had woken up in a world where virtually everyone either hated him or wanted to use him.
instead of falling into habit.
eyes flickered over to Fury—Steve, because as far as Tony was concerned, he’d lost the respect that came with the title—but Tony wasn’t going to let Fury to step in, not when he had the advantage and was dying to use it.
His hectocotyli are descending without conscious direction, and that has literally never happened to him since he reached sexual maturity. He doesn’t understand why he’s acting like this, especially around an Angel who he’s never talked to or even seen his face. He’d just wanted to save his Angel, get to know him a bit, maybe brag to everyone he’d met one, not do whatever the hell it is that he’s doing right now.
Tony backed away, not far, but giving Steve enough room to pull his shirt off and tug the shorts and underwear down. He kept the extra lube that he’d stowed in the pocket, although he was still dripping from how much he’d used earlier, and then he tossed the clothes far away from them both.
, and the longer it went on, the more he hated it. He’d had a purpose when he was cleaning Tony’s lab, and when he’d been standing at the door, he could look at Tony occasionally from beneath his eyelashes, but like this …
But he knew he didn’t have the time for it, not if he wanted the chance to join Tony for dinner. So even though his erection still hadn’t gone down, he arranged himself as well as he could, which was pretty well all things considered—being in the Army had been useful for all sorts of things—and then made his way out the door.
-----
to me, Tony,” Steve snarled, and Tony would’ve jerked away at the harshness in his voice if Steve hadn’t gasped, “
“You asked me to remind you of Cthulhu if you ever tried to create extra arms again.”
blow job? Tony hadn’t given him a first blow job yet.
“Tony.”
consent. Nick pressuring you into signing isn’t the same thing.”
“Okay,” he said, using the back of his hand to slap Steve’s ass and wincing at the resulting throb in his fingers. “See? That’s how it’s done.”
“How was your Christmas, Steve?”
, it reminded him. As if Tony had forgotten.
“I would prefer—”
He honestly doesn’t know how he still has one. If anything, it’s even harder than it was a few minutes ago, which makes no sense.
“Just once,” Steve said, but he found himself wondering. It’d been a long time since he’d felt anything like the way he felt for Tony, and he honestly didn’t know how that would affect him. During his recent mission, he’d masturbated more frequently than normal, but that might’ve been attributable to anticipation rather than necessity. If Tony planned on teasing him, however, until he was allowed his one orgasm—assuming Tony gave that to him instead of milking—
It’d been a tossup between going this route and finishing up the fucking machine. The problem with the machine, however, was that it wasn’t exactly personal. To really get the most bang for your buck, a person had to be strapped in for
(He's never actually seen a vibrator before, but it sounds
Tony carefully moved closer—his bed had never felt this wide before, each conquered inch more intimidating than the last—checking frequently to make sure he wasn’t in danger of waking Steve. His eyes remained closed, though, and Tony let out a long breath.
“—need to be after this, Steve?”
Tony nearly started crying when Steve stopped, the sudden relief almost too much to deal with. He wasn’t sure what stopped him—the fear that it’d trigger Steve again, the desire to not be weak in front of him, the need to be a good Dom in this at least—but he was grateful for it.
Tony blinked. “You’re not DUM-E,” he said blankly and tugged his hand free. “When did you get back?” he asked, reaching up to pull out—
Steve didn’t bother looking up from gathering firewood.  It was not, sadly enough, the most outrageous thing Tony had ever said to him.
much? Not only did Tony have a history of making weapons, but Steve knew about the nightmares he’d had since the Chitauri attack, how paranoid he’d become about being unprepared and defenseless. It’d been worse before Steve had come back, Captain America a steadying and reassuring presence, but it was far from gone. And Steve knew just how desperate he was to protect everyone he cared about, to the point of obsession, if Tony were being honest. Was it really Steve’s fault that he’d wondered just how far Tony would go?
“But after you explained, Tony, I really was okay. I know you don’t believe me, and I understand why, but I swear I didn’t need to use my safeword then. I realize, though, that you felt like I did, and I’m sorry that I created a situation where you felt you had to say it for me and that I hurt you as a result.”
They take everything to a table near the corner and the next hour flies by. It’s easy talking to Tony, and he likes that he can ask him whatever questions pop into mind, likes that Tony can do the same, and they don’t have to worry about keeping things within the doctor/patient box. They can just be Tony and Steve, and that’s more than enough.
Captain America jerked his arm away. “You don’t know anything about me, Mr. Stark, and truthfully, I’d prefer to keep it that way.”
He curled into Tony even more, wishing he could catch more than just a trace of Tony’s cologne, but the tears made that impossible.
He likes Dr. Stark so much. But after this, after revealing the type of omega he is—
“Really, we should’ve picked one right away, but it wasn’t like I wasn’t going to respect a ‘stop,’ so I didn’t think it was necessary at first. This way, you can let me know when you’re feeling uncomfortable or when you just can’t or won’t do something—”
"It's . . . it's indecent, Tony," Steve says, and his face is so red that part of Tony worries he's going to give himself a headache.  The larger part, however, is thinking,
And when Tony had fingered him . . . Steve didn’t remember it ever feeling like that before. He didn’t usually do it to himself when he masturbated, because it was a lot of effort for something that was over with fairly quickly, but if it had felt like
“Considering it shouldn’t get much colder than fifty degrees tonight, and you have a sleeping bag that’s rated for below freezing conditions, I don’t think I’m too worried.”
“Of course not.  I wouldn’t dream of asking you to,” Tony said, adjusting his sunglasses and avoiding Steve’s gaze.  He eventually pulled out his phone and started tapping away at it, leaving Steve to entertain himself.
Of course, Tony was going to give in now, and Steve wasn’t half as desperate as he could be, although he probably felt like he’d never wanted anything quite so much. But then, no one had ever teased Steve like this before, so he didn’t understand what Tony
He dreamt of Tony again that night, but this time, Tony didn’t touch him, and no matter how he tried, he couldn’t touch Tony either, could barely move at all. It was an odd dream, and Steve would’ve thought the inability to reach out would’ve been frustrating, but when he woke up, it was to a sense of safety of all things. Like nothing could hurt him. He lay in bed for a long time, unwilling to let go of that feeling of security, and when he closed his eyes, he saw Tony’s face.
, so I jokingly told you about this thing I’d heard that could work.  Then you wanted to try it out, though, which, color me surprised, and the rest, as they say, is history.”
He’s relieved beyond measure when Dr. Stark comes back less than a minute later. He’s adjusting Steve’s shirt on the hanger, but he uses his elbow to nudge the door closed, and Steve feels like he can breathe again.
“You did?”
“What about that one?” he asked, pointing to a piece that he knew Tony wouldn’t like, but there were only three couches left that Tony hadn’t insulted, and by golly, they were walking out of the store with a couch if he had to sit on Tony until he picked the one he disliked the least.
Dr. Stark knows better by now than to stop and keeps pushing the speculum in, deeper and deeper. The stirrups clack with how much Steve’s trembling, but he can’t help it. It feels too good for him to stop.
“I’m not the first Dom they’ve brought in, am I?” he asked, and he knew he was right from the way Steve’s face went carefully blank.  “I’m not the only one they’ve shopped you around to.  And maybe you managed to scare off the rest of them—uppity Sub you might be, but you’re still
,” Tony assured him, interrupting again because seriously. It would’ve been one thing if either of them had been enjoying the self-flagellation, but it was entirely another when neither of them wanted it.
But the wolf had been … .
His breath caught in his throat.
But he still dully accepted the comfort of Tony’s arms, too weak to refuse and desperate for whatever last touches he could hoard.
“No, wait. Just listen for a sec,” Tony said, as if he knew what Steve had been planning to say, which would’ve been impressive since
post-and-out on tumblr asked for: Steve on his knees saying “thank you”
Steve swallowed. He hadn’t … he …
“Tony—”
There was some small, miniscule chance that JARVIS had contacted Pepper or Happy and that one of them had patched him up, but Tony couldn’t imagine any scenario where Steve would’ve patiently waited on the sidelines for someone else to show up when a person had basically passed out right in front of him.
“It has everything to do with you, Steve.  Dear Steve.  Dear, sweet,
So yeah, he hadn’t expected to beat Steve. But like, give him a small challenge? Maybe get a hit or two in? Show that he could handle himself? Was that asking too much?
When it finally hit him what Tony was expecting, he flushed hotly, looking down, and yes, it was still embarrassing, but it seemed less daunting in comparison to ask for something so straightforward. “May I suck your cock?”
Welp. I wasn't actually planning to add another chapter because this didn't get very many kudos, but Eggums wrote such a nice comment that I got inspired. I hope you enjoy this small chapter, Eggums!
“I spent some time with Peggy,” he said, remembering how her eyes had sparkled from the Christmas lights hung up in her room as they’d listened to music. “Her relatives picked her up for Christmas, though.”
Unless it was just the combination of hormones and stress and guilt talking.
“We’ll find a way out of here,” he promised.
Steve can’t, though. He can’t because he would never take advantage of Dr. Stark’s kindness and medical responsibility to—
-----
“Shh,” Tony said, which only made it worse. “It’s okay, Steve. Don’t—I didn’t mean to say it like that. I just want you to take care of yourself,” Tony said, and Steve could feel him moving, Tony’s left hand sliding along his cheek, although his right stayed where it was. Steve didn’t know what he intended until Tony was sitting astride his lap, warm and solid, and if that weren’t enough, Tony leaned forward until they were touching from head to thigh, Tony’s arms coming around his neck, and
—thing that mattered was getting his knot jammed as far up someone as possible.
It was a few minutes before he finally answered, quiet minutes where he let himself bask in her belief, and his smile was almost genuine when he finally said, “Sure.” He stood and drew her up to her feet, pressing a gentle kiss to her forehead. “What can possibly go wrong?”
“Are you crazy?” he burst out. “I’m not going to fucking punish you for—I’m not that kind of Dom, alright? I don’t do that.”
When her dad accepted a new job and she moved two months after they started dating, he was quiet for weeks and a long, red scar appeared down his side.  It hurt a lot  at first, pulsing red and angry, but eventually, it only bothered him when he touched it, memories of her smile and the way her lips had felt pressed against his flaring for brief seconds before fading away.
“I—” He opened and then closed his mouth. It wasn’t as if he could tell her she was wrong.
Tony had known Steve was ready to come, but he hadn’t known
“Yeah,” Tony said slowly, wondering what the hell was up with the guy.  “You gotta make sure you get a car that can handle all these mountains.”  He could feel his eye start twitching, and fuck, he hoped one of his headaches wasn’t coming on.
Steve outright shuddered at that, and all the fight drained from his shoulders, leaving him limp and receptive.
He and Loki both looked up as music suddenly blared high above them, and then a blast of light threw Loki across the plaza.
“She was—” He took a deep breath. His hands were shaking. “No one told me she was sick.”
Steve nods ashamedly. At least he doesn’t have to explain.
Steve rose to his feet, and fuck, Tony had no idea how a guy that was both taller and wider than he was could manage to look like a kicked puppy.
to do it—because it was the right thing to do, because even if he and Stark didn’t get along always, taking care of Steve still
“Your prostate seems fine, Steve,” Dr. Stark says, and Steve hears the squeak of gloves, followed by a muffled thud as they land in the biohazard waste bin.
“I can do it myself,” Tony said, not making any move to follow through, and Steve nodded.
“Admittedly, it wasn’t during a discipline scene, but the outcome would’ve been the same. My Dom would’ve stopped and would’ve been horrified I’d had to use it.” Tony sighed, ruffling the hairs against Steve’s temple. “Would you like to tell me what made you so upset? I mean, I have an idea, but it’d be better if you could explain, just to be sure. You have my permission to talk.”
didn’t really exist, that it’d been a cover to hide Stark infiltrating SHIELD.  No wonder Iron Man had been able to get around new SHIELD technology so quickly, had always been able to escape even when they’d had more men on the ground.  Stark had
“Thank you for taking care of me,” Tony said, a small smile on his face, and yet his expression was so, so tender. He leaned in and gave Steve a soft kiss at the corner of his mouth. “Goodni—”
I think I said I wasn't going to pull in the events of TWS, but I've changed my mind, so that's coming up next. I've changed the ending in my head at least 3 times by now, ugh.
“What?”
Which was why he felt so shaky now, because Tony was taking something from then and using it as punishment. If Tony hadn’t talked about it like a good thing, like something he’d want to
He didn’t quite know what to say to that, so he didn’t say anything.
Steve stared down at Tony’s hand which was now hovering inches away from him after being yanked away. He hadn’t meant to do that.
“Ah, there you go, just like that. Hold still now,” Dr. Stark tells him, and fuck, fuck, fuck. Steve doesn’t know if the partial praise is to blame or if it’s the command, but he’s getting lightheaded with pleasure.
Which means he probably shouldn’t point out that all the extra slick he’s been producing at home hasn’t been accompanied by any kind of excitement, nor should he mention that he hasn’t gone around smelling like someone spilled a whole case of rut enhancers on him on accident.
(See the end of the chapter for
It’s ironic in one way, because Steve actually hates the idea of using a condom, wants to experience every last inch of Tony as he spears him open, wants Tony to have first-hand proof of exactly how wet Steve gets for him, and wants to feel Tony’s come leaking out of him afterward. He knows, however, that as a doctor—he tries not to whimper and fails miserably—Tony would argue if Steve told him to go without, and Steve can’t stand the thought of delaying this any longer.
Tony’s voice when he’d said his name had made Steve pause, and the longer Steve looked at him, the paleness of his face, the stiffness of his shoulders, the more certain he became that Tony wasn’t doing well. One of the first things Tony had told him was that he wasn’t in the right headspace, but afterwards Steve had assumed he hadn’t meant it, had said it in a misguided attempt to make Steve feel better for apparently not being able to know his own limits.
He nodded again, and taking it for the suggestion it was, he finally let go of Tony’s hand, curling his hand into a fist in order to hold onto Tony’s warmth as he went in. He didn’t linger, and when he came back out, he walked straight to the hamper, taking everything off quickly.
“I know it’s sudden,” Steve said, and the apologetic expression on his face went a long way in curbing Tony’s more panicked thoughts. “Some new intel came in, and if we don’t go now—”
“But you’ve had sex, right?  I mean, a war, sure, I get that.  And I know times were different back then.  But every guy goes through puberty—”
But there was a part of Steve that couldn’t believe he was letting it happen.
“I included the predicament bondage, so you could keep control, so you could decide when and how the machine moved. You could take a break if you needed to, and I’d be able to monitor the frequency of those and how much force you exerted for each one. It’d let me know when you couldn’t handle it anymore, so we could stop.”
he say? How does he make up for all of this?
“Exactly.”
“Pepper—”
He’s shivering all over, his ears ringing, and he only distantly hears Dr. Stark say absently, “Almost got it,” still sliding over and along Steve’s prostate.
He called Tony two days later, although it was mostly to share bad news.
For the prompts “Dark fic” (Cap_Ironman Bingo) and “Soulmates” (Avengers_Tables).
, and truthfully, that’s good enough for him right now.  He doesn’t want to think anymore.  He just wants to smother himself in his pillow and demand sympathy.  Possibly a head rub.
“It’s not how I … imagined our first time happening,” he said, and Tony froze mid-lick. Steve gently pushed his massive head away. “I really care for you, Tony. More than I should probably. And it’s fine if you don’t feel the same way. I never expected you to, and I probably never would’ve told you if this hadn’t happened. Still, you should know that I, um … I volunteered for this.”
“Honor.”
“Steve,” Tony said seconds later, lifting his finger and ignoring Steve’s raspy, “Tony, please.” He could see a strand of precome cling from his cock to Tony’s finger. “Thank me.”
She winked. “Oh, I just bet you do,” she said and reached over to steal a piece of his bacon.
“So you’d like for me to finish this as quickly as I reasonably can?”
-----
It was so large. And quiet. Empty. At least at SHIELD there had been people around in the other apartments. He hadn’t ever interacted with any of them, still reeling from everything that had happened, but he couldn’t deny that it’d been comforting to hear the occasional murmur in the background.
“It’s fine. These kind of things always look a lot worse than they actually are.” The words were dismissive, but Steve knew better than to believe him. “Besides, it’s just an elevator ride down and up. I’m pretty sure I can handle it.”
He glanced down at Tony’s head, just inches away from his cock—his cock which hadn’t gotten the message that he’d made a fool of himself and was still hopefully erect, because how could it be anything else when Tony was this close to him? Maybe he shouldn’t be surprised after all.
Tony looked up helplessly as Steve took a deep shuddering breath.
Tony’s face scrunched up.  “I may have told my parents that I got married,” he mumbled.
Steve
“Go sit down, Steve,” Tony said, without looking back.
“How else am I going to get your shoes off?”
It would’ve been more of an accomplishment if he hadn’t argued with himself the whole time, but … he could forgive himself for being worried. He’d just wanted Tony to be alright.
Steve stifled a moan, the memory making it that much easier to stroke his cock as it let out a spurt of precome, and he rested his hand on his throat, shuddering at how good it felt.
“Look, it’s not a big deal—”
“You seem antsy today.”
No. No, of course not. He didn’t think that. He—he just—
“Did you sign anything, releasing Tony from the contract?”
He goes to the coffee shop and glances inside, but Tony’s not there yet, so he waits, and it’s just a few minutes later that he sees Tony walking down the street toward him.
Wouldn’t he?
“Finally, as for bathroom breaks for you, well, things get a little more complicated.”
Tony hadn’t allowed himself to hope when Steve had come back, had refused to acknowledge how hard it must’ve been for Steve to breach the distance between them—
mean to, but Steve was really pretty, okay? And Tony liked looking at pretty things.)
But Stark had already been awake and had even made breakfast—bagels, fruit, and yogurt, because he and cooking really didn’t mesh well together. Other than a subdued “good morning,” he hadn’t had much to say to Steve, and at the time, Steve had actually been grateful that Stark wasn’t as verbose as normal.
“Thank you for having me. And please.” Dick could feel some of his nerves settle at how open and warm her smile was. “Call me Martha.”
Tony still hadn’t figured out if Steve had an oral fixation so much as a love of sucking cock—or at least, a love of what sucking cock did for him—but whatever the case, Tony appreciated the results. Steve couldn’t get Tony’s cock deep enough in his throat to satisfy himself, which wasn’t to say he didn’t try, again and again, his nose pressing against Tony’s abdomen as his throat spasmed around Tony’s length, Steve struggling to relax and fighting against it at the same time, because he
, and even this short wait was killing him.
He has to slap his hands over his mouth when Dr. Stark immediately starts thrusting and twisting his fingers.
like this is going to happen again!”
“I will,” Steve promised, taking in the view of Tony with his tousled hair and red lips for later, and then he got going.
There are a few reasons why he doesn’t. One, with his luck, he’d trip over his clothes and land face-first on the ground. Two, it’s extremely unlikely that Dr. Stark can actually see Steve’s problem, no matter how obvious it feels to Steve. Three, Dr. Stark is going to find out quite soon that Steve gets somewhat affected by his exams. And four … well, there’s a small, shameful part of Steve that thinks Dr. Stark knowing just how wet he makes Steve isn’t necessarily a bad thing.
Which makes no sense since he really didn’t want to find out anything about Tony because of Bucky’s crazy cyberstalking. And yet.
cold, maybe we can . . .”
bedroom had the same, and if it turned out that this stretch of horizon didn’t work for him, he just had to choose one that did.
“What? No. No, Steve, there’s nothing to be sorry for, Sweetheart,” Tony tells him, taking Steve’s hands and squeezing them gently, and Steve is so caught off-guard by Tony touching him and being affectionate that he can only stare. “I mean, I was pretty surprised, and I know it’s not how either of us expected today to go, but that was just … an accident,” he says, as if Steve spilled his coffee on him instead of becoming extremely and inappropriately turned on. “Now I know not to talk shop, and the next time should go much smoother.”
“Maybe we shouldn’t,” he said, his hand down Tony’s pants.  “There were only two other couples in the store.  They’ll notice we’re missing—”
Were those kind of exams normal now? Did every Sub visit his or her doctor after signing a contract? Steve didn’t know if it was a good or bad idea, because he’d seen Subs who looked terrible after getting a Dom, and he could see why it might be necessary in some cases. But in his?
Steve’s grimaced, looking down, but he nodded.
would actually call it a problem), was that when Tony had designed it, he hadn’t exactly had comfort in mind.
They mate one more time before reaching the island, again after Steve stumbles his way onto land and Tony directs him on how to open a coconut to drink, and again after Tony brings him two fat fish to eat.
“But you did.  And there are responsibilities that come with being a good Dom.”
Steve hadn’t realized he’d come to a stop until he saw Tony stumble in front of him, just out of arm’s reach, unbalanced enough that Steve reacted without thinking, jumping forward and grabbing Tony’s shoulder to steady him—
He nodded.
Steve watches the closed door.
“Thank you,” he whispered, the muscles in his thighs and stomach spasming as he fought to not move. And then Tony’s other hand slid up from his hip to close over his neck, not pressing down, just resting against his skin, and Steve’s voice shook. “Thank you. Thank you, thank you,” he chanted, utterly sincere, his fingers digging into his palms. “Thank—”
Steve writes, his thumbs flying over his keyboard.
“No,” Steve said hesitantly. “But . . . this isn’t . . .”
There’s a burst of light, so bright that it blinds Steve for an instant, and by the time Steve can see clearly again, Tony’s gone.
Never let it be said that Tony Stark hadn’t suffered for a cause. This rule inconvenienced him the most on a day-to-day basis, but he needed to monitor that Steve was eating well, and furthermore, sharing meals was a way to bring people closer together. Even if they’d prefer to be apart.
What was he doing?
Steve knew exactly what it felt like to realize the world had moved on without him, but at least Tony would be able to watch Morgan grow into a woman, to be there for her first date and the first time she fell in love. Obviously it was far from perfect, but it was still
He hadn’t known what he was agreeing to when he took Stark up on his offer. And now it was too late to take it back.
Shit, Steve really was perfect. Tony loved him so fucking much.
“Keep your head on the ottoman, don’t touch your cock, and make sure I can see everything you’re doing. Anything else is fair game, but be warned: you can come as many or as few times as you can manage, but if you don’t come like this, then you you don’t come, period. Pick up the vibrator if you understand.”
He can’t even finish the sentence, can’t say “I’ve never orgasmed during an exam before,” even though it’s true. There have definitely been times when he’s been close in the past, and he’s learned to choose appointments that allow him to rush home and take care of himself after it’s all said and done, but he’s never come on an exam table before at the hands of another doctor.
Steve’s control is a lovely thing to behold, but it’s even lovelier when it lays in tatters at Tony’s feet.
There’s a noticeable silence on Dr. Stark’s end, and just when Steve’s going to break and look over, Dr. Stark says, “Give me one sec. I’ll be right back.”
-----
Steve jabs at the elevator button again, even though he knows that won’t make it come down any faster. He needs some way to release his anxious energy, though, and this is the only outlet available.
His breathing started coming in a little faster, and he tried to tell himself to calm down, but—
Uh huh.  As if that were even possible.
But Tony just stroked his thumb over Steve’s lips gently instead.
-----
Steve winces, guilt sweeping through him.
Besides, after all of this was over, Steve would appreciate not having put the rest of his life on hold just to be with Tony.
His fingers tightened around the gown, and he stared down at it, teeth gritting together, trying to ignore the betrayal that started building within him.
Sorry for how long I've been gone!  This past summer was crazy, what with moving and writing nearly 47K for my cap_ironman big bang.  I'll be posting that later this month, but this was the beginning of the other fic I started for big bang but then discarded, because I thought my first idea would be shorter.  FML.
Maybe there’s just something comforting about the motions, the rhythm of pouring and then tossing it back, as if he’s accomplishing something in the dead of night when everything around him is too quiet but still too loud. Maybe he just likes the bitter taste on his tongue that’s almost its own kind of punishment—at least until his taste buds go numb. Who knows?
It was going to be okay. Somehow. Tony just knew it.
This is my brain.
“Oh, yes, of course,” she said, blushing. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to get carried away. I just wanted to tell you how grateful we are that you—that all of you—were here to save us.”
Steve shifted his weight, although he was careful to not dislodge Tony. He had the absurd impulse to cross his legs or hide his erection somehow, as if Tony couldn’t already see it for himself.
in. Speeding things along means Dr. Stark is possibly going to hurt him some more.
A surge of affection replaced the amusement Steve had been feeling. It had taken a long time to believe Tony when he said things like that, but now, it just made Steve fall for Tony all that much more. Sure, they were still stumbling around each other, but Steve was so glad that he’d come back to New York, that Tony still cared for him, and he opened his mouth to say as much—
While Pepper replied with, “I’m not crazy. Will you just listen to me for a second?” and once, “You have an exhibitionist streak a mile wide, don’t you?”
Besides, it wasn’t as if he didn’t have anything to keep him occupied, he thought, looking at Tony. He’d never seen him naked before, which seemed like a shame now that he had the opportunity, because Tony was very handsome.
He’d thought he’d been getting better, but the idea that Steve had left—again—that Tony would be coming back to an empty apartment, had filled him with panic. He’d made himself wait for as long as he could, but once he’d given himself permission to head back, he’d all but run to get here and hadn’t even asked JARVIS if Steve was still around, because he’d needed that deniability for just a little longer.
*blows kisses to Tina*
For the "Pregnancy kink" square of my cap_ironman bingo card.
“Whatever story we concoct, you’re going to be around me a lot, and I need to know I don’t have to worry about you in front of other people. Notice I don’t say the same thing for when it’s just the two of us or when Happy and Pepper are around. I wouldn’t want to have to explain to the government how you suffered a nervous collapse from all the strain.”
Oh look, I found another one! And from last year at exactly around this time. Might as well slap it up here...
and trying to do who the hell knew what—it couldn’t be what Steve was thinking; it couldn’t—and maybe it wouldn’t have been so bad if he could see what they were, but Tony’s arms kept him from looking, and—
“Why can’t you ask someone else?  Clint, I bet, would love to have an all-expense-paid weekend in—”
Stark had paused. “Fuck, do you even understand the literary reference I just made? Whatever, look it up. Or not. Look up whatever you want. Or ask JARVIS. Quite truthfully, it’s faster than typing everything out, and he’ll always give you a truthful answer, even if it’s just, ‘I am not at liberty to answer your question,’ and he has a smooth, melodious voice, so there’s that.”
“Okay. Okay,” Tony says, muffled against Steve’s mouth, and he pulls his fingers out, making Steve jerk with the loss, even though he hadn’t wanted them anyway. He’s just so desperate to be filled with Tony that he can’t stand it.
After everything that had happened, after—
Steve has never been the most confident when it comes to people he’s attracted to, probably a result of being sickly until almost his sophomore year in college when he shot up like a weed and more than doubled his weight seemingly overnight. But he’s never been this much of an embarrassment either.
It felt—Steve could barely contain the yell behind his teeth as he hooked his finger underneath the muscle and pulled, opening himself that much further. His head was fuzzy, the vibrator was going to make him shake apart, and Steve thought he might actually be humping the ottoman at that point, but it felt—
It wasn’t that he’d thought Stark would be a horrible Dom. A bad one, yes, definitely, he hadn’t doubted that for a minute. Not cruel—although Steve hadn’t ruled out the possibility, even if there hadn’t been hints of it in his file—but someone who’d provide the basic necessities and otherwise ignore him, too caught up in his own life to think about an unwanted Sub.
for the beta! You're the sweetest!
?” he said, and he was so tired of this.
To make things one hundred percent worse, while there are still moments of excruciating sensitivity, it’s starting to feel good again, and Steve knows it’s because he’s so turned on. He realizes Dr. Stark isn’t overstimulating him on purpose—or at least, he’s only doing it because it’s medically necessary—but being at the mercy of his doctor as he makes Steve come over and over again is one of his go-to fantasies, and reality is both better and worse than anything he’s imagined.
He’s heard that the best time to get an omega to orgasm is right after he just did, but this is ridiculous. It hasn’t even been ten minutes yet! He doesn’t think it’s even been
She sat back down and opened her magazine with the cover blatantly on display. There was a grainy picture of Natasha and Clint firing from behind a car at several Chitauri, and across the top of the magazine were the words,
, and Steve’s body apparently wants to make sure no one can ever use these blankets again without smelling the two of them together. He tries to feel guilty about it as he clamps his legs together in order to hopefully contain the latest barrage of scent, but truthfully, what he mostly feels is embarrassed down to his very bones and simultaneously terribly smug.
He listened to Tony’s gentle, “Hey, it’s okay,” in response and wondered how many more times Tony would say that before he came to the inevitable conclusion it wasn’t anymore.
“Yes, Sir. I will not allow you to enter Captain Rogers’ room for 72 hours.”
“Steve! Hey, it’s okay, you’re fine,” Dr. Stark says, crowding close and reaching out to stop him from getting down and cleaning up his mess. It’s not okay, though, it’s not, there’s something
Steve’s getting ready to go on a run, and Tony steps away to get a new bottle of cleaning solution right as Steve’s walking by, and the afternoon sun shines on the ring just right for him to see there’s something engraved on the metal.
I AM SCREAMING.
“What?” he tries to say, so, so confused, and he doesn’t understand how he’s gone from being so happy and in love to feeling stupid and devastated in such a short amount of time.
wasn’t going to go storm off again, no matter what happened.
Nonetheless, Tony thinks Steve is actually indicating he’s waiting for
“Good, let’s go with that then.”
Never mind the fact that he’s technically known Tony for years now.
“Exactly,” Tony said, wincing slightly, as if he were thinking about it too. “I mean, it won’t,” he said quickly, and as Steve looked up at him, just for a second, one heartbreaking second, it was like the old Tony again, his expression earnest and reassuring. “I’ve programmed it to just shut down if anything unexpected happens. But why risk it?”
A part of him couldn’t help but focus on the fact that he was doing something wrong again, on why he couldn’t just be good for Tony, just once, just one fucking time.
Last night, Tony had sat there, mostly passive as Steve had brought him to orgasm. Today, however, Tony was the one directing things, tilting Steve’s head just so with the hand in his hair and fucking his mouth slowly, the muscles of his thighs tensing and relaxing under Steve’s hands. Tony didn’t give him the chance to kiss or lick or do anything other than be someplace warm for Tony’s cock.
Steve was used to being the center of attention. It hadn’t always been good attention, people staring at him as he yelled at someone bigger than he was or gawking as he got beaten up, but after the serum, people had generally looked because they wanted to, and he could admit that he’d enjoyed that.
“This wasn’t exactly in my calendar, you know.  Go for a morning run, hack into Reed Richards’ mainframe for the hell of it, meeting with Fury . . . nope, nope, I don’t recall ‘get a Sub’ anywhere in there, so excuse me if I need some time to plan out my next step.”
Yes, he’d given Dr. Stark the go-ahead, but Steve had expected him to do the bare minimum for each step before moving on, not fingerfuck him so thoroughly that he can feel his slick splashing against his ass with each thrust of his hand. That Dr. Stark doesn’t even warn him, acts like Steve’s body is his to do whatever he wants to it, even if it’s just to save them both time, like an object he can manipulate instead of being a person …
Tony’s back was rigid. He didn’t turn around, and Steve was all too conscious of the seconds ticking away, of how little time he had left.
The thing was that Tony was crazy and fun and threw himself into life like every day was a gift, and Steve needed that.  He needed someone to take his mind off of how far he’d let himself fall, and Tony needed a keeper, so it all worked out in the end.  And it didn’t hurt that the sex was good.  Frequent orgasms went a long way in improving his overall disposition and in giving him the patience to put up with Tony’s brand of superhero-ing.  They helped each other along, and even if it wasn’t perfect, well, nothing ever was, but it was safe, and that was more important anyway.
“No way,” Tony said, shimmying the rest of the way out of his clothes and making Steve lose his train of thought.  “We’re in the back corner of the building.  They won’t start looking for us for at least another five minutes.  Plenty of time.”
He shook his head and didn’t move from where he was.
He inhaled sharply, squeezing his eyes tighter. He couldn’t seem to swallow around the blockage in his throat, and he worried that Tony had be getting impatient—
-----
He knew now, though, knew he wanted Tony, that he’d wanted him for quite a while. The last time Tony had asked him the question, however, he hadn’t reacted well to that answer, and while Steve realized that the situation then had had a lot to do with that, a part of him didn’t want to risk invoking that same reaction.
On the other hand, Fury
“Good morning, Steve,” Dr. Stark says, smiling and unfairly appealing with his lab coat all buttoned up and his tie framed by the collar. Steve wants to reply, but he can’t swallow past the lump in his throat, can’t do anything but twitch his lips and curl his fingers into the cloth of his robe.
Tony wouldn’t let him go.
“No,” Steve says brightly, looking into concerned eyes and somehow keeping his voice steady as he smiles with what feels like too many teeth. “Just remembered something, but it’s fine.”
from him and wasn’t just putting up with it to teach Steve a lesson, then … then Steve wanted to give it to him. He’d already decided that he’d do whatever he had to in order to make Tony smile. If this was all it took, if putting on a costume and pretending to be something else for a little while pleased Tony this much, then Steve would try his hardest to let go of his insecurities and be the best pet he could be.
-----
Of course, if asked, he wouldn’t have thought Nick would agree either; had thought Nick was a good man as well. Still did, although Nick had obviously been blinded by all the wrongs he’d seen during his years at SHIELD.
“Was it painful?”
I know it's been forever since I originally posted this, but yay, an update?
“What do you want, Steve?” Tony asked, his breath swirling over Steve’s skin, and Steve remembered the day Tony had hinted he was attracted to him, how uncertain he’d been in response, how he’d avoided talking to Tony about it, because he hadn’t known what he wanted.
Tony came around to the front, and Steve dragged his gaze up to meet Tony’s, trying to school his features, and nodded jerkily.
“Okay,” Tony said, and Steve jumped slightly, glancing back, although the jeans were still mostly in the way, bunched up around his groin, impeded by the spread of Tony’s thighs.
saved his life.  He knows, but he can’t help feeling deceived, can’t stop thinking that even though it’d been a business transaction, it’d been an honest one, something he’d entered with his eyes open, and if he’d been crazy enough to fall in love, well, it was no one’s fault but his own.  But this?  “Which parts weren’t a lie?”
It wasn’t until later that night, after Steve had gotten several more strikes in than normal during their sparring—just because he’d been distracted, and not out of some weird sort of penance, even if Steve
Steve had learned that it was actually a common practice to let a Sub have a space he could call his own without the presence of his Dom, but Steve couldn’t help but feel guilty—guiltier—because he’d never let Tony know that a knock wouldn’t be unwelcome. One part of him knew that it wasn’t something that he should really feel bad about, because what else was asking Tony to try again but an invitation into Steve’s life? The larger part, however, felt like it was just one more way that he’d failed Tony, because Steve had never explicitly told Tony that he wanted to be in his bed or have Tony in his every night, had just assumed that Tony would know. The problem, however, was that his assumptions had never taken into account Tony being angry enough to want him to leave.
-----
“I’m not spending it on
were over. There was no point in staying where he was anymore.
As if he needed any more proof.
“Tony?” Steve gasped as Tony dipped in between his cheeks and started rubbing him softly there.
