"You don't need evidence," Hennis retorted. "Don't play the innocent with me. You're Howard Stark's son and a SHIELD consultant. You've known who Rogers was since you were three."
Tony wriggled until his head was close to T'Challa's right ear. "Any idea where we're headed?" he whispered.
The silence was broken by a loud mechanical grinding, with the hissing undertones of hydraulics, echoing horribly in the chamber.
"This way."
"Yes."
One of them hit his shields and power flared, almost blinding him. The HUD display blinked.
Tony didn't like the possible answers.
When he raised his head to look at his reflection in the mirrored wall he realised his face was tear-stained.
As they stepped forward, T'Challa pressed a gun – the gun he and Steve had taken from White Wolf – into Tony's hand. Both men spun as one, Tony firing straight at the nearest of the Wakandans, then shifting his aim...
"Nothing important. I was closing in on the flying sub," Tony explained. "Even though I'd knocked out the disintegrator, I was being cautious. But I wanted to get a proper look at that tech, so I was hoping to disable it. But the damn thing suddenly blew up. So I didn't."
Tony sighed, and gathered his wits for the coming conversation. "Put him through. Hi, Rhodey."
Howard shook his head after him and went back to join Steve.
"Tony, you're hurt—"
"Rhodey," he explained. "War Machine. I told Danvers—"
SHIELD would make a bad enemy. He rather thought that that was what he had made it, though Fury was a known quantity and one with which he could deal. As for the military, he had years of experience of negotiation with them and the government and to fall back on. But this new threat, if it was a threat, worried him. It worried him even more that he should have anticipated it and hadn't.
That's the Howard in him, Steve thought, but had already learned better than to say so aloud, whether to Tony or to Tony's friends, so he turned the conversation to the ridiculously eclectic art – some superb modern pieces, some quite horrible kitsch – scattered about the penthouse, already aware that the former represented Pepper's taste and the latter Tony's. By the end of the meal they were chatting, if not like friends, then like people learning to enjoy each other's company.
It was almost human, but with a head far too big for its body, a massive jaw and sprouting antennae. The floor around its feet appeared to be moving, a living black carpet spilling into the room.
"Hey, Steve!"
"I think of them more as turtles," Tony told her. Then, unable to resist teasing her, "Descendents of the Great A'tuin."
"I don't want to be safe!" Pepper yelled.
He nodded, and said to the visitors, "Make yourselves at home, why don't you? Pepper keeps her booze in the filing cabinet – which is, of course, the only reason to have a filing cabinet—" He was cut off by the closing door as Pepper herded him out of the room.
"Or your ally. Okay, okay, after we make the rendezvous maybe you can have a chat with your god. And maybe Steve can have a chat with his. I just wish I could have a chat with Thor. At least I know he's real. And not a Morgan Freeman look alike."
"A shovel speech? Hardly. You're both adults. But I really want you both to be happy."
He did not remark on these facts to Steve, primarily because he suspected their conversations were being recorded. Steve seemed to have the same suspicion because he, also, had kept the conversation to trivialities.
"Wow," Steve said wryly. "I got that reference too."
"According to Mrs Arbogast you do," said Jarvis. "She has, by the way, added Ms Potts' resignation to the agenda unilaterally."
The utility belt also contained ammunition, some sort of candy bars, a first aid kit and currency. And a wallet that contained official identification – the usual declaration of identity signed by someone whose name appeared to start with an F and end with a Y without much of a middle – and a metal badge, yellow and enamelled in black, a stylised eagle holding a shield, with vertical red and white stripes, identical to the one he had torn from the tunic.
It was what SHIELD would do.
"Hey—"
That memorable morning in October, sea fog had swirled in below Stark Tower, filling the streets and lapping halfway up the sides of the skyscrapers, hiding the traffic and the people making their way cautiously along the streets below. It made Steve itch to get out his watercolours and try to capture the interplay of mist and sunlight and glass.
In that moment, Steve realised his mistake in letting himself be distracted, because the pilot  was now on her feet with a dangerous-looking automatic pistol in her hand.
At least she was safe.
"What did those blue flowers signify?" he asked. "I take it they do signify something."
"Not currently, sir."
They were hardly through it when Steve braked. "This is your bedroom."
"He's captive in Asgard," Tony told him. "Does he know you?"
Steve grinned to himself as he bent down to help Iron Man to his feet.
"52-J Merryweather, Winchester, UK."
"No, please. No. Not for me. Fuck you. Fuck, fuck, fuck... not again..."
"Wakanda will fall. Your temple will be destroyed." Steve forced himself to breathe, to keep breathing through the pain and the paralysis. "He... you... can be saved. Rescue... waiting... beyond... your magic. Lower... your protections. Open... Wakanda..."
"Hey, he stole the damn suit!"
"Here." Iron Man unshipped the canvas roll that was slung over his back and dropped it at Steve's feet. "SHIELD left one of your suits at Stark Tower reception when they came to pick up the remains of Hennis's team. I would have told you then but the armouring was totally inadequate and I needed to fix that. I was going to ask you to test it tonight..."
"This'll give us some preliminary data," Hank said. "Meanwhile, Tony, is this the only thing you brought with you, apart from Captain America, who seems to have vanished, by the way?"
"I thought you had..." It was a whisper.
Tony wasn't sure he believed him anymore, but a car is a weapon in itself and a SUV more so. It wouldn't help them to crash in the middle of what appeared to be a jungle. An African jungle. Probably with resident big cats. Maybe elephants. Or bears? Did Africa have bears? Where the hell was Jarvis when he needed him?
"Natasha Romanoff, the Black Widow, ex-Russian spy, current SHIELD agent, partnered with a guy called Clint Barton, code name Hawkeye. They used to be on the other side of the law, but they're good people," Tony told him. "Eyes in the enemy camp, maybe."
was his last thought as consciousness slipped away.
"Probably playing with Hammertech again," Tony said, dismissively. Then, with dawning horror: "In New Jersey? That would be McGuire Field. McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst. Joint services— Jesus, Bruce, there are thousands on that base." Tony's hands flew to make the final connections and the alarm sounded for an incoming call. "Jarvis, speak to me."
"My apologies," Thor said. "It was unavoidable."
"Not enough," Tony said, and escaped back to the workshop.
"Tony? What's wrong? Jarvis said— Christ!"
At least most of that had, in fact, been said.
"The Avengers," Steve said.
Standing back, he contemplated his handiwork. "I fear I am a poor nurse," he said.
"Yeah. Lucrative an' still open. But it ain't popular. Not when it means going up against Captain America and Iron Man. Be even less when the trade finds out you've added Hawkeye and the Black Widow. But this is wasting time I haven't got. This wasn't a kill contract and it wasn't aimed at Stark."
"Not that I've noticed," Tony said, even as Steve said,
The ornithopter lurched sideways as Steve dragged the pilot from his seat – a bicycle seat? – and picked his way through the tangle to the controls.
"Well, it does explain my few years of attempted playgirling, though I couldn't've done that without the heiress bit, which is down to my parents' business sense, except the part where they left all the money and stocks to me. Dad was responsible for my majoring in chemistry – he was a distinguished research chemist himself."
Tony jumped out of the driver's seat and peered over his sunglasses at them. "Don't you kids have classes?"
There was silence for a while, which was finally broken by Natasha's voice: "Iron Man, report your status."
Tony put his fingers over Steve's mouth. "Hush. You won't. I just wish we had the next week or so to ourselves."
"I had possession of one of them," Tony said. "Or rather, Bruce, Jan and Hank did."
"He's aware," Tony said. He turned back to Hennis. "Give them a minute and you'll have your answer. Meanwhile, I'm curious as to why you are here instead of the NYPD." The answer would be a lie, of course, but Tony needed to stall just a little as he worked through the ramifications of Hennis's claim.
"We need to get out of sight," Steve said, spreading his arms a little in an attempt to herd the women, then withdrawing them to his sides as they began to amble housewards.
"Tony is brilliant and fascinating and self-obsessed and terribly needy; being with him is exhilarating and very, very stressful. I couldn't stay on the rollercoaster, Steve. I still love him, in a way, but it's such a relief being out of his shadow, being free just to be
"Steady. If you panic I don't think even the Other Guy can help," Bruce said with a small smile.
Danvers ploughed onwards, Steve two steps behind her.
Tony blinked at Mrs Arbogast. "Yes, fine, really, just let me have the numbers and the minutes as soon as they're ready."
"Damn right. I don't know what else I can give you or what a god might possibly need—"
"I thought it wouldn't matter, seeing Peggy's grave," Steve said suddenly. "But they're all dead, Tony. I
To be honest, Tony didn't want to. There wasn't anyone he'd rather share this adventure with than Steve and he needed to talk to these Wakandans. The prospect of natural vibranium was mouthwatering. He wasn't afraid; the Wakandans  had had him at their mercy and done nothing but question him. And this gave him the ideal excuse to put off his confrontation with Pepper. As for her... "I need to leave messages for Ms Potts and for my legal department. You may watch over my shoulder while I write the emails. Rogers, get our go-bags and passports from the secure store. No doubt one of our two 'messengers' will want to watch you."
"Nonsense," Bruce said. "I could have said 'No.'"
"Tony, go. We've got this," Jan ordered.
The door closed behind him without any detectable noise and his feet were silent on the thick carpet.
"No. All the indicators suggest this is tied in somehow to Peggy's grave, maybe to her death, and we're only here because Sharon Carter – if that's her real name – told us the location of the grave. And I doubt very much that she or Romanoff would have spilled that without Fury's say so."
Tony wandered round the workshop picking up pieces of equipment and putting them down again, flicking aside holographic displays, replacing them and switching them off in disgust.
"You didn't have to do that," Steve said. "You weren't... I could..."
"I needed to get cleaned up," Steve said. Then, "Your reaction panicked Jarvis."
Steve hurtled through the hatch and down the concrete stairs as the voice in his ear said, "Stay back, Cap. We have intruders and—"
us." He shrugged, but failed in his attempt at studied casualness as he added, "I thought Rhodes was better than that."
"I take it my cell's still in New York. Can you monitor it?"
"He wants me to search for Cap's body." Tony felt another rush of panic. "And, Dad, he's trying to put the blame for the destruction of the helicarrier on us, on the arc reactor."
And the last to exit the limo was another unknown, a chic slim girl—
"Where you can never catch up with him."
"Sir!" Jarvis responded. "I trust you and Captain Rogers are in good health."
"In private," Clint pointed out.
the reasoning side of his mind retorted.
"Oh, a while," Tony said airily. "Just got the prototypes working."
"Captain Rogers. I'm sorry to trouble you, Doctor, but may I speak to Thor, if he's there?"
He lay awake in the narrow bed, wondering what part Natasha had played in these arrangements. Though Clint was perfectly capable of deciding that his best friend should be offered the chance to seduce the man she was interested in... And that was a reminder that he ought to be just as mad at Bruce, except he was damn sure that Tony was the driving force behind Ultron.
Tony held his breath, stilling his harsh panting, but that only made the creaking of the straining armour more obvious. But was that the hiss of the servos?
"And gamma rays weren't vita rays," Tony said. "If they were, you wouldn't turn large and green. Besides, Dad and Erskine would have called them gamma rays because, you know, they were scientists and knew these things."
"Bucky!" he screamed or moaned or whimpered. "No, no, no, no..."
"I'll never say 'no' to you. I found your shield, by the way," Tony went on, moving to rest his forehead against Steve's. Though his face was hidden, he was shaking slightly, and his voice totally failed to hide his emotions as he said, "It's a bit scorched. Will need a new paint job."
"Bruce, how has Tony has gotten this reputation as a ladies' man?" Steve asked, and Tony could see the flash of white as he grinned, despite the dimness of the room.
"Oliver. This is my land. So get off it."
"Which she has," Virgil pointed out.
"I see you needed lots of help with the suit," he said, with a hint of irony.
The music had changed to something soft, rhythmical. As they swayed softly in time to it, Steve could almost imagine they were dancing. Which would have been fine if it wasn't for the effect Tony's closeness was having on him.
Jan shook her head. "Hank won't rest until it works on humans," she said. "I have a theory – but that's our problem, not yours. You solved yours." She was looking at the shrunken Chitauri war machine. "I wish I could have seen it," she said, unexpectedly, her eyes widening, blazing with passion. "The battle for New York, I mean, and those things slipping down through that wormhole, and you guys taking them on. Why didn't the people fight with you, Captain? How couldn't they?"
Tony lifted the cup to join in the small toast. "I'm honoured to meet you. Phil was a..." He paused, thinking back to his conversation with Captain America on the helicarrier. They had both been right, but Cap's verdict was the only one appropriate here, to a generous relative. "He was a good man. He died trying to save one of us."
magic—"
"Out of harm's way," Tony said dismissively, but there was apprehension behind his next question. "Does Pepper know that Rushman called?"
Pepper fixed a firm eye on Steve. "Do you know what he was talking about?"
"The point of that proverb is that one bad apple will make the whole barrel rotten," Steve pointed out. "But there's no use worrying about it tonight – this morning. You need to sleep."
"This one, if you insist." Iron Man relinquished one of the bags, which was much heavier than Steve had expected. "It's yours, anyway."
"Hank's coming round," Jan told them, from the other side of the room. "Steve, examine Tony first. He's got a history of concealing injuries."
Thanks again to Ellex for spotting my mistakes (and appreciating my jokes!)
"So did we but somehow, two nights ago, they just... disappeared. So did four of our guys."
"I am always careful, particularly to make sure my enemies are no longer... able to be enemies," Thor replied, with no emotion in his voice. "I suggest you and the good Captain do the same."
"... and today's Golden Oldie, voted for by you, comes from 1981..."
"In other words, being Tony. Steve, are you sure you can cope with this? I mean, losing everything you've known
Instead they were falling through a sky full of glittering stars, a night full of fireflies.
Steve roamed around his suite, unable to settle, opening drawers and cupboards, picking things up at random and putting them back. He didn't think he was looking for anything in particular until, in a box in the bathroom, he found himself staring at half a dozen small tubes of lube and two boxes of condoms.
Without waiting for permission, Tony eased Steve down onto a low couch, and Natasha moved to take up a defensive position in front of them both.
They'd never have reached it in time to save it. That alone justified Tony's decision to go after the ornithopter, which was just about to cross the shoreline at the very tip of Manhattan Island.
"Very nice, Stark," Nick Fury's deep voice commented, close to his ear. "But we could have done with it months ago. Why decide to release it now?"
Jan grinned. "Try and stop me."
"I'd rather I had you to myself too," Steve said, "but I guess that's the price we pay for being Avengers."
And pull.
"Mr Stark issued that order just before your trip to Africa. He did not rescind it."
"You need to keep the beard for the evil overlord look. Otherwise people will start trusting you and then where will we be?"
"Okay. Hold on a moment. Jarvis, are they for real?"
Then the man glanced quickly towards him and flashed a smile, laying aside the sword. "Ah, you're finally awake again. A moment." He jumped to his feet, strode across the room, poured golden liquid from a flask into a goblet, and came back as quickly. "You are to drink this at once, according to the Lady Frigga – and I will be in deep disgrace if you do not do so."
"Just so, sir. Oh, and Captain Rogers has just woken. He seems much better."
The Stark Industries/Anthony E. Stark lawsuits against the government were issued before the Pentagon actually asserted its 'rights' in respect of the super-soldier process and the name and costume attached to 'Captain America'. The whole mess seemed to be destined for the Supreme Court, probably in twenty years time.
Steve backed away quietly towards the fire escape door, which opened at his touch. He didn't want to come between Tony and his girl, or put either of them in danger.
"Which is why you came here," Tony said.
The press still continued to use the name Captain America, even though Steve himself made no claim on it, asking them to address him as "Captain Rogers" and – after a long and acrimonious argument with Tony – exchanging the famous and traditional red, white and blue uniform for a new costume in midnight blue and silver, though the lightweight armoured fabric, originally developed by SI for special forces and improved by Tony, had chameleon qualities. The shield, itself the subject of a two-way patent dispute, was now painted in the same deep blue, though if you saw it in direct light and from particular angles, it was touched with stars.
"We won't."
"The Winter Soldier had killed too many high profile people. Everyone wanted revenge. Including you. After all, he killed your parents," Steve retorted, and the confirmation of that – of what Natasha had told him – ripped into Tony, fuelling his anger.
Frigga might be Queen of Asgard, and its current ruler, but she was not a lady who stood on ceremony. What was more, she was perfectly willing to answer his questions. According to her, the poison had "stemmed the flow of your spirit" which was "slow to return to its full power."
Steve swung to face him. "And that's gonna work?"
Obligingly, he tapped her gently between the shoulder blades with a metal finger, opened the faceplate, stepped back, and pointed at Jan, then raised an eyebrow.
That was Tony's cue: "A-Jet2 - relaying position of hostiles. Drop your passengers at the perimeter, then get the hell out of Dodge and resume previous position. Over."
"That's the way you've made it,
Steve lifted an eyebrow. "Are you telling me the reason you haven't married and had children is because that's what Howard wanted?"
Jarvis broke in urgently: "Captain, that aircraft is exactly like the one Colonel Danvers was flying when she flagged down Iron Man."
Tony nearly said, "You haven't stopped talking," but held his peace. He used to be able to tune Pepper out, but it seemed he was seriously out of practice.
"What the hell happened, Stark?"
Tony had almost dropped his passenger in shock, his breath caught in his throat, the ARC reactor heavy in his chest.
"Yes, sir." The woman's voice had changed, now a tone or two higher, and the Englishness replaced by East Coast American. "Why are you calling this nu—?"
And his babble was just that, not touching on their reason for being here or their earlier conversation, for which Steve was grateful. It was pleasant to close his eyes and simply listen to the light, expressive tones without trying to make sense of the words.
"Sneaky super-spies," Tony said, beckoning to his armour to follow him. "C'mon, kids, let's get this show on the road."
"Come, Steve. It is not much further," Thor said. "We still have a little time."
God, but he missed Coulson. He'd always known where he was with Coulson. Admittedly, that had occasionally involved the threat of being tasered, but at least he'd grown to anticipate that.
It was the softest of noises that woke Steve, a small gasp of surprise, cut off sharply as if someone else had stifled it with a hand. He shook Tony awake, keeping him quiet with the same technique.
The response was slow in coming.
"Yeah. She's an old enemy of Thor's. Apparently Loki told everyone in Asgard that she was dead," Tony said, with only a quick, furtive glance at Steve. "I do worry about their judgement sometimes. Hubris. Or does that only affect Greeks?"
"Grandstanding again, Stark?" Steve's voice said in his ear, full of amusement.
"O-kay. Look out for body heat signatures as I sweep the area. These are big guys, Jay."
Tony sighed. "Steve is morally right and Bruce is right about the dangers, particularly as Steve is still alive. My Dad knew damn well he should have destroyed this thing, and I know I should destroy it too. I
"Yes, yes. Just the ambassadors. No bodyguards. If they don't trust me they can sit down there until Pepper gets back." Tony looked wildly about him, spotted a reasonably clean jacket on a hanger, and grabbed it. "Okay, Steve, let's find out why East Africa is descending on us."
There was an embarrassing silence. Tony knew damn well that producing Cap's real army record would be... well, equally embarrassing. He did have a driver's licence, though not under his real name, as a result of a Jarvis hack. As for his social security number...
And it was Tony again, and the temple of the Panther God—
"Yes, sir. I have analysed your scans of the funeral parlour documentation, the gravestone and the vegetation around it. I can find no trace of amendment of the documentation or of any interference with the grave or the gravestone."
Except that he had received no indication that he'd be welcome.
Steve thought, and quickly excused himself to Dr Foster. He would have to talk to Natasha and Clint, but first he needed to leave a message for Tony to call him as soon as he was free.
Tony shrugged elaborately "In Africa. In the air. I didn't get in until less than an hour ago."
Something black and yellow and insect-sized buzzed in front of the newly closed faceplate, raised a very human hand, and waved at Tony, before landing on Iron Man's shoulder.
"So it's not part of the Iron Man armour?"
"I thought that must be who you meant. She's Lieutenant-General Thaddeus Ross's daughter." There was a warning in Natasha's voice.
"Are you telling me that that is how I see her?" he asked carefully.
"That is incredibly generous of you, Stark," T'Challa said. He looked slyly at Tony, head slightly tilted, a smile just twitching his lips. "Would it offend you if I did not accept?"
A question Tony wanted to avoid answering then, like so many. Steve found it easy to resist any temptation to push. He sought quickly for a neutral comment – or a complimentary one. "You play very well," he said, and was surprised when Tony didn't come back with a smart- ass crack about Steve's singing voice, as he had so often in the past. Though, now he thought about it, Steve had never heard Tony sing. Hum, yes. Whistle occasionally. "Do you sing as well as you play?"
"Dr Banner is in his laboratory, sir, running a critical experiment which he said he could not leave."
he'd said.
Then elevator doors slide aside and Steve, who should have been upstairs and sleeping, stalked into the room, and Tony knew that he was going to have to deal with him, at least.
"They may ship Storm out as soon as he lands," Betty said. "Probably will."
Howard looked at him assessingly. "Okay." This time the smile wasn't forced; indeed, it was more than a little smug. "Oh, I've been meaning to tell you – Virgil Potts called. Pepper arrived back yesterday. I told Virgil to bring her on over tonight. Consider it an additional birthday present."
"Probably not. And I do not wish to be. We are now drifting in a current that will take us... to our destination."
"Neither do you," Steve retorted.
There was only one guard on duty as SUV-a-like swished through grass that brushed the hood and pattered against the windows, though what he was guarding was problematic as they were driving straight towards a wall of golden coloured stone, ordinary save that it emitted a faint mauve light.
"Don't have much choice with 'Hard Rock' and 'Metal' pounding through the speakers," Steve pointed out.
"If you been able to sit on your impulse to play hero you could have let—"
Instantly, the dark window became a monitor screen, the warm humans bright against the darkness.
"Not Washington?" Danvers called back from the cockpit.
"Pepper."
Then Steve's hands closed on his waist to lift him, and the pain made Tony gasp and flinch before he could stop himself from reacting.
"Hey, that was a classic," Tony protested, but it was half hearted, because he was throbbing with desire...
At least they were far enough from the house for it – and Betty – to be safe.
"It is almost stationary," Jarvis reported, "but is still building in strength, if slowly. This defies all known hurricane behaviour."
the glass and marble and metal, dissecting the floor and the displays and counters.
"You don't need me here," Tony decided. "I have to tie up some loose ends. Firstly, I need to find and close this other portal you thought had been installed on the 'sacred mountain'."
"I got that reference," Steve said, and kissed him as the snow whirled in the air beyond the glass, blocking out the world.
He tried to take a step forward, to confront it, but he was frozen in place, his body refusing to obey him.
"That T'Challa guy is frightening," Hank was continuing. "The second he came out of it he was on his feet demanding to be briefed on what was happening. The Wakandans sent for that Okoye woman, and the rest of us were kicked out."
Draining the serum just made you slow to heal."
"As you say, sir."
"Such as?" the voice was Clint's.
The 'private dining room' was purposely small and plain, its French doors currently folded away, and a balcony looking over the hills towards the sea. The table was set for two, with spotless linen, silverware, and sparkling crystal, the chairs high backed and comfortable, and the paintings on the white walls included a Van Gogh landscape.
Well, he could give it a shot. "Captain America isn't here. Just Steve. Who is worried about his friend Tony."
Tony waved him over. "A fatal one?" he asked Bruce.
"Hi, children. Miss me?" Even as he spoke Tony wondered why he was putting up a front for his helper bots and Jarvis. Though the latter, of course, knew better than to believe it.
Pepper finally decided to take advantage of this sudden change in his habits. She cleared her throat. "Tony, Jarvis tells me that your diary is clear today except for the charity gala at the Met tonight—"
Tony snorted. "They knew less than I did." His eyes narrowed as he looked sharply at Steve. "Did they interrogate you?"
"You hit me with lightning."
"That does not sound good," Barton said. "How come Jarvis wasn't uploaded to your private plane, Tony?"
"I won't speak to him of anything I've been told, or guessed," Steve said.
Relieved, Steve went to make coffee.
Beyond the door, a man in golden armour stood waiting on a raised dais at the centre of the Observatory, his eyes the same colour as his armour, his skin as dark as the abyss below the Bifrost. Thor strode towards him, with Steve drawn along in his wake.
"I'll be back within a couple of minutes. The Master prefers us not to use Sling Rings inside the Sanctum unless necessary. Now, if you will come with me..."
Tony winced. "You're right... Of course you're right. But I thought you might— Never mind. You deserve to know everything. Of course you do. It started when Dad and I saw the helicarrier explode..."
Steve poked him gently.
It was deep into the night now, and the lake was masked by a thick layer of mist, no longer reflecting the stars or the thin moon that had risen above the mountains. It dimmed the lights of the houses and hotels, and the navigation lights were completely lost. The lake might have swallowed them.
"Tony!" Pepper sounded outraged.
His first task was the most urgent one of relieving himself. That done, he stepped under the shower and, leaning his arms against the tiles, put his head down and let the water batter him until his skin began to wrinkle.
"No you damn well aren't. Jarvis says you have only two thirds your normal strength and speed, and your reaction times—"
"SSP?" He hoped it was just an engineering problem. Though the Stark Special Projects manager had his cell phone number and wouldn't be calling through the Tower anyway...
"We were trapped in it," Tony said. "Maybe untrapping ourselves caused the explosion."
"As you say, sir."
"Dad says you didn't dump me," Pepper gabbled. "But his face when he said it wasn't convincing. I didn't really believe you'd dump me like that, but you were so rude and Rhodey says you've cancelled tomorrow's movie night. Is that for everyone?"
Tony began to feel panicked. "General Fury was using her to enlist my co-operation," he said. "If he only wants her for that, she's better off leaving SHIELD now. Though I certainly want a recording of what happens when she confronts him about it."
"Man and a woman. Blond and redhead. Guy was talkative but the woman was in charge."
And hadn't Tony said he didn't believe in magic?
"Like you privatised world peace?"
"Yeah, and yours. Sorry, but I lost your downloaded clone."
The Iron Man rose upwards, so they could see the whole of the base below them. At the centre of the chaos was a giant hole, its depth masked by the blown smoke, but the size and shape could not be disguised; long and narrow, wider at one end than the other, the hole approximated the outline of one of the great Chitauri war engines.
"And you think?"
The boots were plainly too small so weren't going to be of much use to him.
It must be hidden, much as the one in the valley wall had been.
"You're at the Air Force Academy?" Steve said. "Doesn't that put you under military discipline?"
It wasn't a police helicopter or, indeed, like any helicopter Steve had ever seen. It was flying far too fast for any ordinary helicopter, dropping almost vertically from the sky, and those weren't machine guns or rockets it was deploying below its belly, but something he had never seen before... The only recognisable part of whatever-it-was was a lens, maybe five feet across.
"I believe that if you look in your closets you will find that is not the case, Captain. I am afraid you will have to leave your shield. Smuggling that past airport security may be beyond even Mr Stark's powers. If it makes you happier, he is leaving the suitcase armour behind."
"Wow," Tony said, inadequately.
"Sounds good. Neither of us is vegetarian, by the way," Jan said as she opened several cupboard doors, then, finding a glass, headed for the faucet.
"Which is given off when one of these mini-portals explodes. So it's our diversion." Tony picked up the mercenary's gun and gestured with it towards the door. "Shall we dance?"
hand him over to us."
"Yeah, and did she tell you she'd been sabotaging me in Washington too?"
Tony laughed, spun the piano stool round, bent down and kissed him.
Steve was sitting on the floor under the shower head, his arms wrapped around his knees, water streaming from his bent head and down his shoulders.
Tony said, consideringly, "I'm pretty sure that Peggy's dead, otherwise SHIELD wouldn't have tried to convince you she wasn't. The funeral parlour's records seem to be untampered with and the gravestone was slightly weathered, the grave undisturbed. There's no way SHIELD could have arranged that in a few hours, though I've sent scans to Jarvis to conduct verification checks. I think that, yes, Peggy Carter is buried here, but that just creates a new problem."
"Soulmates," Tony said. "As for the rest of it, I guess we'll find out," and kissed him.
Yeah, well, Tony said to himself, hiding his smirk. T'Challa probably wasn't going to get the real thing back so easily.
"Figures," Iron Man replied. "Any idea where they are?"
"So what do the texts say of the Soul Stone?" a woman's voice asked.
"I made a mistake," he admitted. "Pepper – Rescue – turned up at my door just after I'd sent that odd device over there to you. She... er... don't get upset about this, Stark, but she was all over me. I didn't realise the ring had gone until after you left. She must have taken it."
Jan followed them out, but Bruce lingered.
"I get on fine with Hank; we've been friends for years. As you knew, of course. And Betty vouches for Jan."
Beta'd, Ameri-picked and encouraged by the excellent Ellex.
Cautiously, he inserted his fingers into the crack. It went deep, and there seemed to be at least a small open space behind it. At least, it was possible to hook his fingers around the rock.
Rhodey shrugged. "You haven't. It's not about you, Tony. It'll take a while for me to get into a position to help, but when you do need me, I'll be there."
"Thor was here," Steve said. Or had that been a dream?
Natasha took her cue from his silence. "Good evening," she said, with her best smile. "We've come to speak with your boss."
"Stark?"
"Sir, you cannot violate diplomatic immunity."
Which Tony was accessing with Extremis right at that moment, brushing aside protection and firewalls. At his side, Rescue, who was practically jumping up and down with excitement, raised her faceplate.
Steve took a deep breath. "He's... Jan, I know all the arguments. Thor's a god—" then, at her surprised look, "yes, I know that's kind of blasphemy, but I was in Asgard, an' some of the things I saw... Anyway, if Tony's under his protection he should be safe. But Thor's wrangling a goddamn hurricane. And I'm stuck here, unable to help either of them."
Once he located the pulse in Tony's neck and found it strong and steady, he flopped down beside him, listening to the almost-inaudible hum of the arc reactor and the sound of Tony's breathing as his own steadied.
"Tony, are you sure...?"
"That's kinda sudden, isn't it? You gonna have to work to convince anyone of that. Meanwhile, if I were you I'd leave these hired guns to the Feds. They should be here in a couple of minutes – if they're still alive." Lowering his hands, the soldier walked over to the MV Augusta F4 motorcycle that he had somehow found time to put on its stand, straddled it and started the engine.
"And crash," he went on blithely, saving the 'interesting' email and following up the sender. "Dad and I saw it from the house. I came to help but all I could do was fish a few live people and a lot of dead bodies out of Long Island Sound." He spread his hands. "That's all."
Barton was smirking.
I stopped making weapons – and why I allowed him to have the armour, despite that. Well, I won't make that mistake again." He took another step forward. Steve didn't move, stayed leaning casually against the lab bench, arms folded. If Tony took a swing at him, he could avoid it easily enough, but if it went that far, it was over, and he was on his own again.
One man, though, wasn't clad in the ubiquitous pyjamas but what appeared to be a green and yellow spandex suit that had been attacked by shears, and he was haloed in crackling light, his hands resting on a thick cable.
Being ridden herd on by three different men in the same silly white suit – with shoulder pads, cape, ears and
"Here goes nothing," Tony said to his suit computer as the unibeam picked out a hole where an engine had been torn away in the explosion.
"The disguise is a disguise, not an invitation, Stark. What was SHIELD doing out there? If it hadn't been for the Hulk—"
"It matters because we cannot trust SHIELD. We cannot trust the government. We cannot trust the military. We cannot trust the Board. We're on our own, Pep. Totally on our own. "
"Jan, is Hank here?"
"SHIELD?" That was Bruce.
"You really think he's good looking?"
And Steve was suddenly afraid, that he would die and that the body he occupied would die, and Tony would be left alone. Or maybe it was that he'd give in to that temptation, become a thief as well as a murderer.
Things got more complicated after that, as everything involving Tony seemed to do. They sat in the back of the van and were driven to an airport (Steve thought it might be Idlewild, now confusingly known as JFK, which were the initials, he'd learned, of an assassinated president), where they disembarked in a deserted cargo bay besides a truck with its doors standing wide. They transferred their bags and the cargo crates from the van into the truck and closed the doors on it. Half an hour later they were in the air.
Tony's anger was surging, so hard that he knew he wasn't able to contain it for long. "You think there'll be anything left of it?" he snarled. "Still hoping to harvest the super-soldier serum, Nick? Didn't you get enough from your zombie corpse?"
But they could be shot just as easily with a handgun by one of the two men in dark suits who were hurrying towards them, waving at them in an attempt to warn them off.
Tony rode the blow, twisting to his feet, ready to run. He had one advantage now; the disguised opening in the left hand wall that Jarvis controlled – with nothing but air beyond. He'd gone through a window before now, though that had been higher up the building, but this time Jarvis would have the Iron Man armour waiting right outside.
At least his affairs were now in order.
"Coffee?" Steve asked, as Jan joined him.
"I know little more than I have told you. But the future of this branch of the time stream is not what it was before, and new possibilities are opening at every moment. And you came here for my help." For the first time, the Ancient One looked at where Steve lay unconscious on the couch. "Firstly, we will do our best to look after your friend, and then—"
But Jarvis had a radar fix on the truck, and an intense thermal image in front of and just below it that was probably Thor. The AI was also targeting an even brighter energy reading that was almost certainly the transportation portal, just two hundred yards from the truck, and almost fifty warm bodies in the forest in the trees encircling the truck. They were, however, holding back, probably because of the lightning that danced about the truck. Resisting temptation, Tony also held back from wholesale slaughter. It would take too much explaining to the local cops.
"Uhuh. But I was General Chester Phillips's driver for a while. He used to talk a lot about him. Guess your father did too."
There had been some speculation in the press about the Stark Tower evacuation, which had been attributed to everything from damage caused during the Chitauri invasion to a result of one of Tony's experiments to a breakout by the Hulk. It had helped that those people who had been in the lobby during the incursion – or those who has spoken to the press, at least – had told wildly differing stories. What was more, each paper that had quoted Tony had printed something contradictory. Either they were making up the quotes or Tony was gleefully misleading them. Steve's money was on the latter.
Not even your shield."
He took a deep breath, and coughed on the foul air. It seemed to have invaded his mind, swirling around incoherent thoughts.
"She was working for SHIELD, supplying them with information about me and you and Stark Industries. Had been for years."
Iron Man fell from the sky, between him and the chopper, repulsors glowing with blinding blue-white light, and, for the first time since Stuttgart, Steve saw all the armour's formidable armament arrayed at the same time.
He should not have been surprised – the balcony could have held most of the party still going on on the other side of the windows. Indeed, his father had suggested staging a firework display to be viewed from there, but that might have brought back too many memories of their fight against the Makluan.
The silence was telling.
The stairway had been replaced by a sheer cliff. He could just make out the outline of the platform above it, but from the sudden absence of light he was certain that that crack he had fought so hard to open had slammed shut.
It was less than five minutes later that Steve walked into the workshop, folded his arms, and gave Tony his best 'Captain America' glare. "Pepper told me it used to be her job to 'throw out the garbage'." His face twisted in distaste at the phrase. "But there's no one here now who'll do that for you, Tony."
"And when I managed to disable it, it self-destructed. I've been trying to track down who was in it – not its normal pilot, Lieutenant-Colonel James Rhodes – how it was modified and who modified it. Not to mention who sent it to kill us. Or, if Steve is right, me."
"Oh, yes," said Tony, "and we have a stake, a large one, in this."
But T'Challa was depending on him, and if he slept...
"Sorry," he said and forced himself to step towards Stark. It was... difficult.
"Well, that doesn't seem to matter to you," he retorted, "though my Dad was your friend. Supposedly. And you're damn lucky Director Carter never suspected that Hydra had infiltrated SHIELD because at that point they would have sent him to take her down, the way they sent him to take you down. For that matter, the Winter Soldier came close to killing Fury, Natasha and you."
Two men were standing on the black marble platform that comprised the reception area. One of them was pointing his M4 towards the staff, all of whom, including the security officers –  who should have stopped these lunatics before they got in here, damn it, and there was sure as hell going to be an inquest about
His shield was in plain sight, leaning against the wall near the bed, right next what appeared to be a bedside table. He pulled the top drawer open, and there were the possessions he had been carrying, including his cell phone. Which had Tony's number programmed in, though he had never actually used it. Indeed, he had never switched it on, sure that it would be monitored in some way.
"Just get us down there." Maybe Steve was still alive. He
"Are there any still in New York?" Steve asked, with sudden urgency.
"—use microscopic amounts of both and not on the helicarrier. Try a reinforced bunker, and don't let anyone inside it when you do it."
It was a disturbing word, one it was difficult to reject because Sam seemed content to follow in his – in Captain America's – wake. Unlike Tony – and Thor, Bruce, Natasha and Clint, come to that.
"Maybe not with that, but the same people kidnapped him and Princess Shuri," Steve said. Then, as Tony turned to glare at him, he added, "And they were using the same tech as the mercenaries in Wakanda. Including their transportation portal."
"I think you had better explain that, Stark," Natasha said coldly. "And it had better be a good explanation."
in the Jules Verne novel
"Plotting vengeance," Steve added.
"SHIELD believes they have eliminated it, but they do not appear to have located the seed code hidden within the security coding, sir," Jarvis answered.
He didn't need to guess what it was meant to do, though, and it had nothing to do with Dr Henry Pym's work on the Chitauri tech.
"Yeah, yeah. You're talking to a guy with an electro-magnet in his chest. I know about physical cost."
"Ah, yes. Bed. There's a great idea. I'll drink to that."
Steve was silent, his head turned away from Tony. Plainly, the answer had been all too obvious last night.
Marilyn looked sceptical. "Your funeral, not mine. I also had a call from Rushman."
"So it keeps coming back to your sister, Grimm, Richards and that damn backyard rocket that killed them."
"Tony, it's Sunday," Jan said.
"Any friend of Tony's is one of mine," Jean said, though she did not offer her hand.
"Was Heimdall joshing us?" Steve asked, as he and Thor trudged through the water-heavy sand towards the rocks at the base of the cliff.
"I wasn't asking you. Jarvis?"
"Not yet. She's spending a lot of time with Happy."
"How did it do that?" Steve shouted, turning his head to one side so that the wind of Iron Man's speed would not drown his words with its noise on the comm-link.
Tony quirked an eyebrow. "Well, I didn't want make Bruce angry with me; you know how green he gets. He was really worried about you being alone."
"You can also tell me when you like something," he added, as a concession. "But no means no, for anyone, in any circumstance. Otherwise it's no deal. Promise?"
"Need some help there, honeybear?"
"Tony, be reasonable. I've told you before: you can't keep this a secret. And therefore you
Tony draw in a deep breath. Not looking at Thor, he said: "He... swallowed some sort of fucking magic potion..." He heard the break in his own voice and tried desperately to steady it. "He s-sacrificed himself..." For me.  Because part of that herb was meant for me. Oh, Christ...
"I'm looking at you, Rogers. Would be kinda a natural reaction." Iron Man reached out and picked up the two bags that remained on the floor, one in each hand.
Tony wasn't sure what to make of that.
"But."
It was a plea for understanding but, as always, it revealed the blind loyalty that provoked a surge of jealousy in Tony. And anger, the anger that never went away. "Sure," he said coldly. "Also, now Peggy Carter's dead, he's your only link to the past that you refuse let go of. Not to mention your guilt trip about the whole falling-off-a-train-and–down-mountain-then-brainwashed thing. Add survivors' guilt on top of that—"
"Water boarding?" Steve was appalled.
"C'mon, Steve," Hank said. "I'll find the helmets for you."
Steve put his arms loosely around him. "I'm sorry I pushed last night, but not that I know. If you're going to do something like that again, warn me. You need a spotter."
"What's in Wakanda, Stark?" Fury asked softly. "Most of the time, all we can see is jungle, ocean and mangrove swamp. And somehow you get turned back whenever you try to enter those."
It was no use trying to sleep now; the sun was rising. Tony had still been working on his tablet when Steve had retired the night before, so was likely to sleep late. Steve could get rid of his inconvenient erection with a cold shower and Tony would be none the wiser. He pulled on a towelling robe as he headed for the bathroom.
"Something I once called the Jericho," Tony said, and he could hear the smirk in his own voice. "Think yourself honoured."
Tony could see Shuri standing besides Steve near the elevator. She was scowling.
Ignoring all three people, Iron Man rose up above the deck and reached for the glowing stone.
After a while, Steve looked up to eye the camera. He could not bring himself to break the habit of thinking that Jarvis was lurking behind it. Besides, he always liked to look into the face of whoever he was talking to and this was the nearest he could get with the AI.
A mask was clamped over his mouth, and he smelled something sweet and exotic. He held his breath as long as he could, but finally he had to gasp in a lungful of air plus something else, something he was damn sure wasn't good for him.
"Yeah. We'd never have located you without the help of the ants."
It was a feat that left Tony in awe. He went barrelling in, blasting with the repulsors to left and right, covering Thor as the hammer flew outwards, felling trees and bowling attackers aside.
Clea rolled her eyes at both of them. "Not in this case. 'Soul' isn't a precise term but it's the only one you have in human languages. It can mean many things. Try this: the body creates the mind and the mind shapes the soul."
"Hey!" Clint's voice called. "Is he alive or what?"
"Then come. Let us reach this sanctuary before my arm grows tired."
"Do that and you won't get into the elevator, let alone the pentho—" Tony deliberately broke off that sentence, dropped eye contact with Hennis for an instant, then started another. "Shoot anyone and my CEO and the legal department will see you in jail for so long y—" This time it was a hand over his mouth that cut him off.
He'd saved the helicarrier, figured out Loki's plan, out-bluffed and out-manoeuvred that god and the goddam World Security Council. He'd had help there, too, from the other Avengers, and they'd defeated Loki and the Chitauri.
Tony's breath caught in his throat. Then he spotted Steve sprawled close to the statue, where the portal – and the centre of the explosion – had been.
Tony rode the elevator down to the lobby with only part of his mind listening to Jarvis's briefing; this situation was dangerous but not entirely unexpected, given what had happened in White Plains.
Yogthulu lunged forward, snatching up its mutilated servant in its pincers.
"Nope. Not falling for it."
In his pockets, he clenched his fists so hard that his nails dug into the palms. The pain helped.
Manhandling Captain America, even in the armour, would probably have ended in disaster and, even if they had been close enough friends to share a hug, there wouldn't have been much satisfaction in it with metal between them.
"Right now I'm more worried about Lieutenant Storm. And about what the fuck is happening in the Air Force. 'Sides, you need me for that flight plan and permission to land. How do we get to LAX?"
Everything had gone with such astonishing smoothness, from the traffic jam-less drive to LAX with Jan at the wheel, being waved through various security checks, his SI pass opening the way to the refuelled Gulfstream G650 waiting for them (thanks to Jarvis's good offices) to the easy way Danvers had obtained all the clearances they needed, filed a flight plan, and obtained permission to land at Travis, apparently without a single bureaucratic delay, that Steve had been waiting for something to go wrong.
"Turns out she's never been sold on the plans for Stark Energy and so she's no longer a part of it."
"Both, I guess. But Tony wouldn't have betrayed Pep with me, wouldn't have left her—"
The repulsors fired.
"She asks how we can be sure that that is the real Heart-Shaped Herb," Okoye said.
All he really wanted was to retreat to his lab and work off his anger and frustration, but he hadn't got a lab here, so he'd stomped out of the buildings into the valley and the weakening sunlight instead.
Not a god, though; just an intelligence so advanced in power and so long-lived that maybe he could have an effect on the lives of his son's friends and the victims of his adopted son. If he wasn't currently at the other end of a broken Einstein-Rosen bridge.
As soon as Tony's legs cleared the elevator doors they slammed shut, and vanished into the wall.
The woman gave a scream of rage that resembled that of the figurehead, and flung out a hand, fingers spread.
"Why should you think that?" Steve asked defensively.
"And if you'd made it through you would have been just as dead, because you’d be surrounded by the fucking enemy with no weapons and no way back and no way of contacting me or SHIELD or
Natasha had been examining Steve's head and shoulders where they hung on the back plate of the armour. "There's a hole in Steve's suit. It's very small, but there."
The two men looked at each other, then back at the other farm truck. There was a middle-aged woman at the wheel and a young man beside her.
"I have already done so, sir. A number of times. The results remain unchanged."
"Thank you for coming, Captain Rogers." Jarvis again. An A.I. Tony had called it, after grinning all over his face at Steve's discomfiture, and making a crack about something called Big Brother. Steve had looked that up on the Internet, and sat stunned and horrified at the TV program that topped the Google hits. Did people actually behave like that in their own homes? And did other people admire them for it?
"Captain," Thor said, "do you know me?"
"I'll tell him when I find out myself." Then he added, more gently, "I take it he's not coming back."
"Which would finger SHIELD as the people who planted that booby-trap in Steve's apartment, particularly as they knew about it – knew who Steve is, where he was, could gain access—"
Tony was in the air, spurred into action by the order in Steve's Captain America command voice when the supposedly dead creature reared up on its hind legs. A huge paw swiped at him, but he slipped sideways and its claws only sliced air.
He thrust for the surface, caught a breath, and dived; sculling in the direction the wave had carried him. After all, he had glimpsed lights in that direction.
Steve dropped Tony abruptly and tried to turn away, but Tony blocked his path. "Idiot," he scolded. "I didn't say 'stop', I said, 'slow down', just after I said I wanted to seduce you. But.. I just... I just want... need... to make it clear... So you can back out if you want with no consequences. I'm gonna stay with you whether you have sex with me or not. If you'd rather just sit and watch TV, or cuddle on the sofa or even in bed, that's great. Just so you know you don't have to pay anything for my company tonight. Or any other night, come to that."
The Hulk turned to look at him, and the expression on his face chilled Tony colder than the rain. There was no intelligence in that look, no recognition, only pure rage.
"Do you suppose that was a deliberate attack, or was the giant-green-mutant-zombie-bear-dog on the Hulk-style run?"
"Fuck it, give me some warning if you— Steve?" The other man was limp in his grip. "Dear God, did those things get you?" Stupid question. Plainly they had. "I'll get you to hospital—"
he added, to himself. Which 'storm'? Both 'storms'? And how does this tie in with the War Machine's attack?
"Steady." It was Steve's voice, full of relief. "Take it slow, Tony."
"If so, I don't know where it fits yet." Tony waved a hand to dismiss that and let his eyes roam round the table, focusing for a moment on each face, gathering their attention. "So, what do we actually know about what we're up against? Well, on the surface, it looks like our major problem is a conspiracy to gain control of the US government. Its members include White House staffers, members of the Joint Chiefs, senior officers at the Pentagon, members of Congress, and, I'm sure, vested financial and industrial interests. They have hired what appears on the surface to be a mercenary organisation with advanced tech calling themselves, among other things, the 'Eternal Champions'.
Tony grinned at her. "Only during consulting hours, Deputy Director Hill."
"That the tribe must be patient and that all will be explained."
Guns were part of Tony's business, or had been, for over twenty years. He hadn't designed this gun but whoever did had known his business too. Tony's hand fell onto place naturally, and the controls were instinctive.
It was time to go. But he would miss Tony's company, and who would have predicted that, when they met in that square in Stuttgart?
An eyebrow went up in scepticism, though Tony neither spoke nor relinquished his grip on Steve's arm, just held his gaze. He was so close Steve could feel the brush of breath against his skin.
"Are you hurt, sir?"
But, suddenly, Jan was standing in front of him, her hands fisted in his shirt. "You can't go, Steve. Tony would never forgive either of us – and you can't put yourself in the hands of the men who intended to sell your dead body."
Tony had now moved from wondering what he was going to say to Steve when he woke up to worrying that he was not going to wake up at all. Natasha, with a maternal instinct that Tony could have sworn she didn't have, was stroking Steve's forehead and making soothing noises, but none of that seemed to be helping. Tony didn't understand his own reaction, which was a strange mixture of surprise, compassion and scorn plus something he was not prepared to examine too closely, but which might have been anger or... envy?
In one smooth motion Steve deposited Hank gently on the floor...
"Rhodey told you that too? Well, as it happens, no, I'm not. In fact, even when we were together, marriage wasn't on the table." Or had it been? In Pep's mind, at least? "Not the marrying kind, any more than he is. So I can't help you catch him, babe."
"The right direction," was his companion's considered opinion. "If not far enough."
"All because I didn't trust Fury with the Avengers," Tony pointed out.
Of course it wasn't wise. If Steve or Pepper found out they were going to kill him, slowly. "Jarvis, this one of the things you were built to do. So do it."
was Tony's instinctive reaction, but he knew Jan just as well as she knew him; too well to say that aloud.
"Dr Banner and I will decide that."
Tony thought, though he managed not to say it out loud.
He suddenly knew where the Doombot's organics had come from, and felt sick.
"Clint, do you really need to come in? If so, there's a place prepared for you. I've told you that. Steve's told you that."
"The Wakandans whup your ass."
"Then she's smarter than I am," the President said, her words far too closely aligned with Tony's thoughts, adding, abruptly, "I did try to check you out, but you proved... elusive."
Even before she had finished speaking, Storm was descending from the aircraft, Jan following him with the other woman right behind her, her handgun still pointed at Jan's head
Which didn't make sense.
Who he was also still angry with.
And when Pepper, in a stunning backless evening dress made of some midnight blue material that glittered with reflected light, swept out of the elevator on her father's arm, he had found himself trying to fade into the background. He'd also helped himself to a Martini which he had poured into a tumbler, discarding the olive and other decoration in the nearest wastebasket.
Tony sat up abruptly. "Radio transmission will lead people right here."
One of the Iron Man gauntlets lying on the floor suddenly hummed to life. The fingers clenched, moving the palm so it was pointing at Doom. Instantly, the repulsor flashed.
, as being more appropriate for her success rate.
"If SHIELD destroys this one, they'll replace it. But somehow I don't think they will."
He was ignored. "Why are you wearing two sets of clothing?" the Wakandan asked, instead. "It seems ... a little eccentric. Particularly so close to the equator."
"What?" Tony glared at him.
"I've been fighting all my life," Steve said. "Before the serum, I mostly lost. After it, I started to win but that doesn't matter. Fighting is what I do. If I don't fight, what am I, Tony?"
But he was still alive, and still breathing, though far too fast, almost as fast as his heartbeat.
"They had a list, and I was only halfway down it," Lori said. "I had the impression they weren't looking that hard. They friends of yours, Tony?"
All right? Well, he was unhurt.
"Mistake?"
"Oh boy," Hank said, "I'm glad there was nothing coming the other way, Steve."
"I am under instruction not to record any conversations in the penthouse or the Avengers floors unless you give me specific instructions, sir."
"You've been brushing up on your Old Norse," Selvig said, "or maybe Icelandic. Or was it that AI of yours instructing you? Any word from Thor?"
"Sir, Captain Rogers and Ms Potts are both trying to contact you."
"Hulk bring party to you!" he roared, but the voice was Bruce's, and his open mouth burned with the ice blue of the Tesseract portal, which reached out to engulf them, as the stars and gravestones swirled and Steve's body dissolved in his arms...
"Only when you need the Avengers – and then I won't be alone. Or a soldier," Steve replied. He threw Fury a sketchy salute, and climbed into the SUV.
Damn his own curiosity.
Steve sighed, dropped the sketch book he had been using on his knees and rested his chin on his hands; Manhattan was laid out below him, towers and surviving brownstones marching in straight lines, yellow cabs crowding the streets below Stark Tower, sunlight glinting off glass and water. From his perch the damage the Chitauri had done seemed almost negligible.
He yanked the yoke back, still keeping his finger tight on the gun's trigger. It took out most of the roof before it ceased to fire. Out of power, presumably.
Then Tony's hands closed around his as they lay on the table, strong and warm and calloused – workman's hands that no expensive manicure could disguise.
"And Peggy's grave?"
"And you didn't succumb to temptation and pick one up, Stark?"
have nothing to apologise for," Tony said.
His hand jerked and as the lead in the pencil he had been digging into the page snapped.
The thought anchored him even as he watched the Ancient One repair the broken window with a wave of her hand.
"You're making assumptions again, Stark," Steve shouted to Tony over the rush of wind, as the Wakandan flier jinked through the jungle night, tearing leaves and vines loose and tossing them into the air with its passing. At least their driver, whether by luck or skill, was missing the tree trunks and the bigger branches. "Something blew that hole in the outer fence."
Fingers probed tentatively at the side of his neck, feeling for a pulse, then circled on his skin, a reassuring touch. "Go back to sleep, Cap," the American voice said gently. "It's okay. We've got you. Everyone's safe. Sleep now."
"Yes, Captain. Or I can show you to your bedroom."
Perhaps Steve was the vulnerable one. After all, he wasn't Captain America, and, even if this body was enhanced, he didn't have the training to use it.
"It's not cold out here even without the damn heaters and if you're going to drink on an empty stomach you can make the Martinis yourself. And you don't get off the hook that easily. What were you doing, Tony?"
Tony had to stop himself whistling in admiration at her successful attempt at cool. "As he said himself, an elevator would go up, even though it wasn't worthy. Let's see if we can get the loop of the hammer's thong through his belt."
"Nor am I. But it's a helluva selfish way to grieve for Peggy. And to take advantage of your kindness."
"As you command, sir."
Steve ignored the question. "You knew him," he stated, his suspicions beginning to rise.
"Fuck it, Steve, how can you have known me this long and not know me at all?" The anger was surging through Tony again. He fought to control it and lost. "When the alien ships are falling from the skies, do you really believe that I, and those who stand with me, won't fight against them, with or without government approval, even if it costs us our lives?"
One commentator had said it was meant to be a picture of the USSR in 1948, the year it was written. That was disconcerting too. Sure, the Soviets had switched sides, but they had hated the Nazis. When he had ... gone missing in action ... the Nazis had been outside Stalingrad and the Russians resisting as best they could.
Half a dozen SHIELD agents, guns out and flashlights waving, were past him before he had managed to get to his feet, a process not helped by Pepper clutching at him, asking again and again if he was all right.
to insert some formality.
Tony dropped his hands and stood back. "So, you have no evidence that I'm gay – no, bisexual, because you know better than anyone how much I like women – yet you accuse me of fucking my closest male friends. You're so insecure you can't believe I've been faithful to you—" And he had, if with occasional difficulty.
Tony squinted at him. "I keep forgetting how little you actually know about my past. Obie – Stane – was the one who really ran the company after Dad's death. He... was like a favourite uncle, you know. But he was also the one who arranged my little sojourn in Afghanistan, in an attempt to steal the company and keep on selling my tech to terrorists. When I got back, he stole the arc reactor out of my chest and used it to power his own version of Iron Man, just about twenty times bigger."
? Not me. Not Bruce."
He shook his head, hoping to clear it, and concentrated on the conversation.
Though, dammit, Tony in the armour was stronger than he was.
Oooh, risky, Tony decided. Particularly if this new arrival had cottoned on to the fact that someone else was occupying White Wolf's costume.
"We weren't—"
Tony decided to answer the second question first. "Because he built what you might call a backyard rocket," he said impatiently. "He somehow persuaded a test pilot friend of his to captain it, went into orbit with a couple of other scientists along just in the time for a massive solar flare. None of them made it back."
"Start a search for anything at all on Wakanda. And you might start with the events of Coulson's wake and everything to do with vibranium and the people who tried to hack us for info on its manufacture."
and ugly. I sent the nuke into it, and it exploded and, do you know the quote about, 'I am become Death, destroyer of worlds'? Because that's what the guy who set off the first nuke ever said. And I get to be Luke Skywalker – you must see those movies. Only instead of Darth Vader for a father I had Howard and I'm not sure which was worse, and you were the one frozen in carbonite anyway... And all I could think of was how beautiful it was out there, and how glad I was I'd seen it, and how if I hadn't been there it wouldn't have been the aliens or Loki who killed the most humans, but fucking SHIELD and its masters. That was worth dying for."
Even as the Hulk threw Tony aside...
"At midnight?" Tony was puzzled, but then memory returned. "Oh, that." He smirked.
"As a warrior, strength level three. Hercule Poirot is not a look that suits you. Captain America needs the clean shaven, strong jawed—" He was silenced by Steve's mouth on his, but took his revenge by pushing Steve onto the bed and straddling his hips, feeling a fierce satisfaction at the lack of resistance – and the evidence that Steve was already half hard. Driven by a mixture of desire and relief and anger he ground their groins together, kissing him hard and deeply. Steve seemed startled for a moment, but kissed back with equal passion—
"Neither would my sister, apparently."
"Jesus," Clint said. "I told you Potts looked tight with Fury at Phil's funeral."
"Secondly," Clint continued, "someone – we suspect Roxxon Oil and Hammer, among others – has persuaded various members of the government and Congress to attempt to grant eminent domain purchase of the ARC technology as being vital to the commercial and military interest of the United States."
Tony stared at him in astonishment. "No, it would not," he snapped.
The scarlet piano provided immediate inspiration: "Have you even played this one?" he asked, then bit his tongue as he realised that might have been exactly the wrong thing to say.
The next morning it became clear, very quickly, that, wherever they were going, Tony intended that no one could track them there.
He reached out to the gems, felt the links between them, the power than ran through them and through him.
It took half an hour of blasting across the continent for him to calm down enough to tell Jarvis to "Get me Dr Banner."
Steve woke to the sound of metal sliding against stone. Opening his eyes just a slit, he looked quickly to left and right.
Vibranium?
by George Orwell (at least there was one familiar name.) Steve had downloaded a digital copy and been horrified that someone could write with such conviction about such an oppressive society so soon after his war had ended.
Tony liked her as much as he had ever liked any politician.
"Key question," Tony said, with a nod in Steve's direction. "And the 'leviathans' aren't the only things you have to worry about, though they are, by far, the worst danger. Fury, what did you use for your test?"
"Give me a moment," Steve said. The serum had done something to his memory, but it wasn't as if he could recall everything that had ever happened to him without effort. He concentrated, remembering. That conversation had taken place in the kitchen in the penthouse. Pepper had been cooking... "We were talking, about you, among other things. She said, 'He isn't willing to let go of you all anymore than he's willing to let go of Iron Man. What's more he's never liked SHIELD or Director Fury; keeping you, Natasha and Clint Barton off SHIELD's payroll is another way of thumbing his nose at both."
"They've said much the same about you and me – and Bruce too – or if they haven't then they certainly will," Tony retorted. "But they're all too fucking ready to
Surprisingly, no one emerged to question them.
In her place, he didn't think he could have been.
Betty burst out laughing. "I'm very pleased to meet you, Jarvis."
Three steps later everything greyed, and turned to black...
when he set this—" Trap? Puzzle? Puzzle! "Steve," he said, trying to keep the excitement out of his voice. "Did my Dad have access to your fingerprints?"
"No." But even as he spoke, Tony's insufferable ability to calculate the odds was telling him that he was as sure as he needed to be.
"Wow? Oh, like that?"
"Hold it. The five of us? It might be better not to tempt Bruce, and Hank and Jan aren't involved – even, that is, if we can find our way out of here."
"Not sure," Steve said, jerking a thumb at one of the tunnels. "He says he's withdrawn to meditate before making any decisions. Though he'd be better off asleep. As would you."
So when his cell warbled the theme tune from
Though Tony was trying to sound indifferent it was plain that this simple courtesy had affected him deeply. Had his childhood really been that bad?
The west coast was still in darkness as Iron Man, the suit blazing with repulsor light, led the jet in to land at the Stark-Seattle airfield. Below them, floodlit roads and runways ran for what seemed like miles between factories, hangars and office buildings, all lit up like a mini-Manhattan.
"Just what are you going to do about it, Colonel? Arrest us? Just two of you."
"If that had been the case, he would have been right. But when Dr Banner came to ask me to lend him the Eye – the Time Stone – because the Infinity Stones had been destroyed in the future, I knew that, though he believed it, he was wrong. I still had the Time Stone, so that, at least, still existed, even if it could not be found in the future. I presumed the same was true of the others."
All nine.
"Oh, for crying out loud, that's rid—"
Back at the computer station, he asked Jarvis to pipe white noise around Tony, and went back to their work on the reports of 'monster' sightings going back over ten years. Even isolating the original sightings of the Hulk was not as easy as it should have been, with every imagination in the US apparently running riot and reporting it on the internet.
"Good work," Tony said, when Steve had finished briefing him. "I'm coming home."
"Rituals?" Tony interrupted, pouring scorn into his voice. "Christ, Virginia, I never expected you to be a Mason. But then, we never shook hands."
Tony didn't wait to hear the rest of it. He shot forward into the foyer, a foot or so above the ground – and stopped, hovering in mid-air.
Mind made up, he came falling from the sky, his full array of weapons clattering into view. It didn't matter that most of them were no longer functional because the SHIELD agents certainly didn't know that.
"At least it's not heading for Liberty Island," Steve said.
The door opened in front of them.
Steve said, through his teeth, "I was trying to follow the man who tried to kill you through the portal."
"She's one helluva woman," Tony said cautiously. "And she appears devoted to you."
"And you're obsessed with Hank."
Once out of the convertible, Steve waited until it had vanished into the trees, then moved off the road and started back down towards the local road. But with each step he became more nervous, his doubts about this course of action growing with every step. The decision to leave had been made on the spur of the moment, prompted by the events at Xavier's and the opportunity opened by Tony's actions.
"Is that the excuse of the hour, Tony?" Steve asked. "Find a new one, I'm healed. The dressing can come off. Look for yourself." With that he turned his back to Tony.
"I am not a bug," Jan protested.
"Christ, Steve, don't stop now—"
"Jimmy Choo again?" he asked, plucking out a name at random.
Steve, still confined to bed most of the time and to Thor's apartments when he was not, had little to do at first except study Thor, his mother and his friends.
"Oh, magic," Tony muttered, trying not to sound totally sceptical. T'Challa plainly believed this rubbish, but his imagination promptly provided Steve and Pepper in chorus telling him to keep his views to himself while he needed T'Challa's good will. "That shouldn't affect the armour's sensors – or Jarvis, the AI that runs the suit."
The War Machine was in the air now, moving out in a spiral from the car.
"Steve?" he asked.
Tony felt Steve tense at his side, one hand snaking out to the doors, presumably checking their escape route – but Tony, who had glanced at the doors only seconds before, knew that the locks, if activated, could not be opened by passengers.
Once he heard the door close, Steve climbed out of bed.
They changed planes and identities three times at three different airports (one tiny and possibly illegal) but never leaving airside or being separated from the crates for more than ten minutes, though apparently said crates had also changed identities.
"Just a minute—" Clint's voice said.
"You aren't my type, Stark."
"What about the elevator to my – the private garage?"
The warrior swung the butt end of the spear at his head. Ignoring the temptation to grab it, Tony slid underneath the blow and struck upwards at the warrior's unprotected throat.
Tony raised his head, and his eyes, bluer than the sky, than sapphires, were blazing with anger and grief. "What sort of... of... fickle coward do you think I am? Don't try to palm some sort of substitute off on me, Steve.
"Welcome home, sir," Jarvis said.
"Took a look on my way in."
"I would have risked being there."
Steve jumped. "What? I mean, what, exactly?" He couldn't remember venturing an opinion about Pepper Potts. In fact he was pretty sure he wouldn't dare; his feelings were too conflicted, too influenced by his feelings for Tony...
The outer door opened at a touch, leading into a curving corridor lit from high windows. Five other doors were closed, but at the end of the passage he found himself the head of a flight of stairs – and caught his breath at the vast curve of a twenty-foot high window-wall looking out over what was presumably last night's estuary. This bank stretched away on his left to the towers of a city peeking over the horizon. The room below filled most of the floor, and was, at the moment, empty of life. But he could smell bacon cooking.
"Then I do so. Gladly. We will discuss terms later." T'Challa held out his hand and Tony shook it. "You will not be out of pocket, or disappointed."
Steve saw Tony's eyes go black, dangerous and... inhuman, dancing with specks of light that looked oddly like lines of reversed text.
The – Mandarin? – raised his left hand, where the black-stoned ring had settled in the midst of four others, all with their separate gems.
"You were lucky. There may be no other way to shut it down without a controller," Okoye said, "and even if you'd found one it would not have worked for you. Captain Rogers thought it was keyed to the holder's fingerprints or DNA. Their guns are the same. And they don't work for the dead."
There was another voice, further, much further away. "Is he still alive?"
"What is this uniform?" Steve asked, as he climbed into it.
"Yeah, sorry about that. That's the way government institutions work, then and now. They followed fuckin' procedure even for Captain America. This time it's worked in your favour. You can move in here right now and Fury can't say a damn thing about it."
He thought he'd been in love before – with Whitney, with Pepper – but there had been nothing like this desperate need to touch. Which he wasn't allowed to do.
weird way of delivering it," Tony said. "Damn, I'm going to have to talk to Fury – and maybe the military, ASAP. So, Bruce, the thing exploded and you were startled enough to... well, to suit up in an involuntary fashion. What happened then?"
"Captain Rogers is still missing," White Wolf interrupted. "I understand he is far more dangerous than Stark, at least when the latter is stranded without the Iron Man armour. I suggest your men find him and let me deal with Stark."
"No sign of cortical activity and minimal brain stem activity," Hill said now. "He was alive only in the technical sense."
As one, Pepper, Tony, Jackson and the two pilots hurried back through the hanger doors.
It was risky, of course, it was, but not perhaps as risky for him as it would have been for any other member of the Avengers, with the possible exception of Jan. But Hank was currently not letting her out of his sight; which was going to get him into so much trouble...
There was no reply.
They emerged in front of a short flight of steps, which they ascended into a circular room so large it seemed to disappear into the distance. Steve had an impression of stunning modernity, of glass and marble, wood and steel, with the soft noise of falling water somewhere and a flicker of flame reflecting from the curving windows.
Without a word passing between any of them, Steve found himself hoisted onto the grey's back by Hogun and Volstagg. "Go!" Thor told the Warriors Three, as Steve desperately tried to get his feet into the stirrups.
"Can't you just close the door behind you as you leave?"
At least he had a weapon, and the means to get out of here.
Behind the Iron Man faceplate, Tony smiled to himself. "Told Steve you'd need back up," he said. "Didn't think that meant I'd get a chance to grab the bad guys."
"So the Wasp is Jan, and I presume you are 'Betty'," the girl was saying, as she took the seat next to her.
"Yet here you are, outside his apartment. He was at Stark Tower last night and that's a Stark registered SUV parked over there."
"One of those characters, Elric, had a magical sword that ate the souls of those it killed."
"None of your fucking business," Danvers told him. "And aren't you sorta engaged to your PA – sorry, your firm's CEO?"
"Vanko had a unique advantage."
Steve saw no way to soften his reply, and he didn't think she would want him to. "Yes. Is that true?"
Something wrong here.
"We'll give this to Jarvis," Tony said. "He eats viruses."
Tony fought down a rush of sympathy. "Ah, yes. The White House and the Pentagon would both object to 'Captain America'."
"—it might have that effect. And the loss of body weight. In fact, it almost certainly would." The blaze of anger Tony felt was overwhelming. His heart was thumping wildly in his chest as he thought what it would be like to have Extremis drained from him.
"And I you, Dr Ross."
"Yes, but we're both in Malibu right now."
Steve was frowning. "I might have done, if Loki and the invasion hadn't happened, but before then Fury and I had an ... understanding. SHIELD is the successor to the SSR—"
"You can be assured of that, my friend. But, indeed, our enemies grow bolder."
Tony grinned. "So you're less credulous than Loki. Good. Do you really have objections to any actions Captain Rogers has taken? Any point at which he has not been the perfect moral superhero?"
"But not tonight," Bruce's voice was firm as he busied himself at the kitchenette, returning with a glass full of water, which he offered to Tony, along with two capsules. "Take these and get a good night's sleep."
The gun jerked to the side, screeching as it fired.
"Do you want to?" Tony asked. Then held his breath.
A warm hand grasped his ankle and moved his leg – and yes, that hurt – but the touch that followed – soft tissue against his skin, wet and then dry – was gentle.
"It's one of the things I'm here for," Steve pointed out, before taking a large swig of coffee. It was excellent and just how he liked it. Cautiously, he approached the pastries. They were excellent too.
"No." At least he could be truthful about that. "And even then it wasn't entirely Pepper."
"Oh, god," Tony said. His face, pressed into Steve's neck, was getting warmer. And his dick was now pressing hard – very hard – into the cleft of Steve's buttocks.
"Someone will duplicate it. Vanko did."
"Hold! I am not an enemy."
Over the water, something high in the sky exploded – but it was far too big, far too bright for fireworks.
Or did they expect him to hand over the armour?
Steve took the offered hand, and he and Xavier rose into the air, Jean following close behind.
The hesitation over the choice of that word was hideously telling. "Shit! What else can go wrong today? Don't answer that!"
He was still running when the engine exploded.
Under the city-smog-hazed stars the swimming pool rippled with eerie blue light, reminding him uncomfortably of the Tesseract and the portal it had generated. It was the first time since the Battle of Manhattan that he had seen the pool with the underwater spotlights switched on.
"Enough, Jarvis!" Tony interrupted. "We get the message."
And just when had he started thinking of Cap as 'Steve'?
Finally, unable to escape from the inexorable logic, he had laid what he planned as the first of a series of traps. This morning he'd deliberately limited the number of people who'd known he would be in Seattle to two, and Jarvis.
"Neither." Jan cradled the mug in her hands. "Tony was totally devastated by your supposed death in Wakanda. Then, when he went ahead and broke up with Pepper – well, I was relieved I had a cast iron excuse to stick close to him. I was honestly scared he'd do something stupid. So I got him to visit Betty and dragged him into the business of Sue Storm's missing DNA sample. But then he took off for Malibu and I didn't have an excuse to follow him."
Even as he was speaking, there was mechanical hiss and light flooded the room. A red-and-gold vaguely humanoid collection of metal bulleted through the gap that had appeared in the wall.
Dr Elizabeth Ross was quite possibly the most beautiful woman Tony had ever met, so beautiful that he actually caught his breath at his first sight of her, and hurriedly lifted the faceplate, as Jan flew down from his shoulder to resume her normal size.
"I'll jump with him," Steve decided, heading back down the aircraft to collect his shield. "Rest of you, into your seats and fasten your seatbelts."
Half an hour later, they were zigzagging up the side of a mountain, keeping closer to the rock face than seemed possible.
Virgil made a startled noise, as if he was taken aback by this. For a moment Tony wondered if he'd actually said the addition aloud. But, "That's not how Patricia sees it," was what her father said.
Bruce laughed. "You said the spheres and their contents might be alien tech. I wasn't sure you were right, but if you were then maybe the spheres were aimed at something alien already in New York, so...?" Bruce raised his eyebrows at Tony in his best professorial manner.
Steve left him to it and roamed the room, not sure what he was looking for, but that there would be something.
The smile had disappeared from Steve's face as he watched Tony work it out, and probably seen his dismay.
He had to tell someone his conclusions and saying this to Tony would be far too painful. "I can handle not being Captain America," he said, "but I'm not Steve Rogers either, if he was the real Captain America."
"I was sent on a mission to find Jim Rhodes," Danvers said. "I haven't accomplished that yet. And if there are traitors in the Air Force, the Air Force needs to set its own house in order. I can't do that alone. If you're all willing, I'd like to work with you. As for you, Lieutenant, we aren't sending you back to be kidnapped again – at least, not until we have some idea of why those imposters abducted you."
Even Steve, who probably didn't understand the reference, smiled.
Here and exposed.
He lifted his eyes and, of course, it was Natasha.
"Your meeting—"
"Steve. Steve," a voice was saying persistently. "Steve, c'mon, look at me. It's not real. C'mon, Steve."
"Frigga," she corrected him. "Or Lady Frigga if you wish to be formal. I am not your queen. At least—" She frowned. "—I hope I will never be your queen. For now I am simply your magician-physician." She paused, her expression quizzical. "The Allspeak made a mess of that, didn't it?"
"Tony, have you dumped Patricia?"
Relief swept through Tony. He deliberately gave her his most charming smile. "I would be delighted if you would call me Tony. And if it wasn't for Bruce I'd make an absolute exception for tall and incredibly beautiful brunettes."
Thor's expression was sympathetic. "Or that, given the opportunity, you would extract yourself from the situation. As you did," he said. "He also convinced Bast to dissolve the magic that hides its country, which saved his life and, I suspect, many others. And I must thank you for trusting me on so little hope."
It took several seconds for Tony's exhausted brain to digest this. "Oh," he said at last. "Guess you're not going anywhere."
"Tony—"
"Computer, amendment to my previous order. The house and armoury are to be secured at all entry points. Free movement only to me, Dad and Captain Rogers," Tony ordered as he hurried toward the doorway. He paused in it and looked back. "Dad, look after Cap – Steve – for me, would you? He's lost his memory of everything before he went into the ice. Even his name. Fill him in as much as you can. I'll be back as soon as I can get rid of Pep without making her suspicious."
Tony slumped against the wall outside the Boardroom and let out a long breath. He was exhausted and his head was pounding again and he desperately wanted a drink – but he now had two more weeks to negotiate with Pepper or find a successor.
"Not intentionally," Tony said, after another too-lengthy pause. He went on the attack. "You say you can use the Time Stone to see these things, so you know the answers already."
He was beginning to believe that their rescuer did have enhanced senses, because even his own serum-increased night vision had made out nothing ahead. Even now he could not discern the shapes of the pursuing vehicles behind their blazing headlights. Between them, though, the passing jungle stood out sharply in those headlights, if blurred by speed.
"It's in my report to the Board but, yes," she said, thawing just a little as Tony opened the elevator doors and ushered her inside. Then she added, "Maria and Fury want to talk to you. They say you're ignoring their calls."
Enhanced it in other ways too, which was rapidly becoming a problem. He wanted Steve, wanted him with an intensity that was scaring him rigid.
"Yeah."
The woman – the Ancient One? – ignored her, keeping her eyes fixed on Tony, unperturbed. Her voice, though, was strong and full of anger. "Do you realise what you have done?"
"Ah. So the wind is in that quarter. Let me know when they marry and I will send a suitable wedding present. Perhaps a replacement jet, if SHIELD destroys this one."
"Well, that was an interesting entrance," Bruce's voice said dryly, with the faint echo that meant Tony was hearing him naturally as well as through the radio. "Can you get up?"
So did Tony.
"Listen up, Jarvis. This is Plan B."
"It had better be possible. I'm now in charge of the situation here," Danvers informed him, flashing her identification.
"If you wish it to. My lady Karnilla has taught me how to twist such things to my will."
"Jay... shark... dangerous?"
"The price of genius? Don't give me that, Stark. But Fury's willing to let the disappearance of the other Avengers ride, for the moment."
with innocent civilians around you? Well?"
Steve and Okoye had been waiting at the rendezvous point for exactly thirty-three minutes now – not that Steve had been checking the time more than once every two minutes, of course. Their orders from T'Challa had been to head back to the jungle house after twenty if he and Tony failed to join them, though neither of them had made any move to leave.
It was only when he reached it that he found that his Wakandan allies were not fighting the Hatut Zeraze or even invading mercenaries; instead, they were engaged in a ferocious battle with a black clad team of SHIELD agents.
"Tony!" Steve was trying for outrage, but was actually caught between amusement and arousal.
"He didn't take the SUV?"
"Goodbye, Steve. Stay safe."
"Stark," Thor's expression had cleared, become determined, his voice now suffused with urgency. "Let me take him. I promise nothing, but if a spark of life remains, we must take the chance."
"Are they going to help us?" Natasha asked.
"I taught him all he knows," Tony said, pretending to preen, as Natasha and Clint arrived together.
"Jarvis says—" Tony began.
"Didn't notice that when we were kissing."
"But how long could I have I slept?" he asked himself.
"Not this one if you don’t have a civilian licence. Strap in, please, I'm about to take off."
Steve peered over the top of his head. Storm was staring at an aircraft standing a few feet away – no, two aircraft, one behind the other. They resembled the aircraft used by SHIELD – quinjets, was it? – but were larger and sleeker, with the lines of a modern stealth bomber, though their wings were wider to accommodate to what looked like repulsor projectors.
Then, barely a hundred feet above the beach, the engines caught and the aircraft came in for a perfect landing on the narrow stretch between the cliffs and the incoming tide.
Tony snorted. "Maybe, but I'm still not sure why Steve was alone and carrying all six Infinity Stones through the Quantum Realm. It's not what I would have advised. Although he couldn't have anticipated the Soul Stone exploding at his first stop."
"Sure he could," Jan said. "If he was here. And if he wanted to tangle with the Air Force—"
Tony was hustled inside in the middle of a tight huddle of soldiers.
"If you think I'm gonna pass up the chance to work with the Avengers, you aren't half as smart as your rep."
"Naturally." Tony couldn't help his smirk, he really couldn't. "Jarvis?"
"Uh-huh. He's not the only one who needs to decide what his next step is going to be." Tony hitched his stool closer to Steve, not touching, but close enough so that their arms would brush if Steve leaned forward.
"Tony." Steve spoke from behind him, then a hand fell on his shoulder. "It wasn't Rhodes." His voice held all Captain America's moral certainty.
Steve put his head in his hands and groaned theatrically. "Playboy, did you say? Most eligible bachelor?"
"Which is why we aren't 'marching to Fury's fife' any longer." Steve smiled reminiscently at Tony, who nodded.
"Then invite him up, feed him my best Bourbon – which appears to be his drink of choice – and try to find out. Or maybe you'd better get Jan to do it."
"I will not leave myself undefended," the strange voice rumbled, drowning those others so far away. "Those I fled from long ago will see me, even here, where I have made myself this sanctuary. When I came to this world, with my fellows, we ruled a great land, one of the greatest, but then we learned there were more powerful beings protecting this world and others. We were arrogant enough to defy them... and Asgard defeated us. They still watch. Only the magics turn aside the all-seeing golden-eyed one."
Steve was still hesitating; rubbing the back of his neck in what was plainly an habitual nervous gesture. "I need to check whether an address in England exists and, if it does, the name of the person who lives there – and whether the telephone number I have for them is correct."
"Yeah, I got that," Steve said ruefully.
The Ferrari lay upside down at the bottom of the arroyo as the War Machine swooped towards it. Tony saw the guns click out, and curled into a ball, covering his ears with his hands as the incendiaries hit the gas tank.
This was starting to be fun. "My father."
He'll kill me, Tony thought, and wondered why he did not feel afraid.
The thought was broken as right side window shattered into a thousand pieces. The small green thing landed on Jan's lap, provoking a choked-off shriek that was echoed in a small way by Hank, but by then the miniaturised Hulk had bounced up onto Steve's shoulder and scuttled round to his left ear.
"Still not hungry," Steve said, with a shake of his head, but he moved closer to Tony, who put an arm around his waist in surreptitious support.
His wound had taken six days to heal completely, leaving his back unscarred. Tony maintained that this showed the super-soldier process had given him an accelerated healing factor, and that this was probably the reason he had survived being frozen in the ice. He also told Steve all the reasons why this should not have been possible, which made quite a long list.
"Not sure they did, Steve," Bruce replied. "The explosion probably would have temporarily blinded you, as it did Tony, but we don't know much about the gas."
Tony exchanged glances with Steve and inclined his head towards the rear of the cabin. Steve didn't even nod acknowledgement, just strode forward, leaped up, grasped the guttering, and was on the roof without a sound.
"Yes, but there seemed to be no link between it and Klaw. The SHIELD agents appeared to have been turned back at our borders by the power of the Panther God—" Then, at Tony's badly-concealed snort, "Well, and our technology. It was only later that we understood how thinly their resources had been spread at that time. Or how little they knew about us. Or how much the organisation that sent Klaw did know about us." He grimaced. "One thing the new king was convinced of was that many of our customs were no longer suited to the present time. He began to accelerate T'Chaka's policy of modernisation. There was opposition to this, not least from his council and the Hatut Zeraze. So when the king made plans to reveal Wakanda to the outside world, he confided these to very few."
A glowing disk had formed under Illyana's hands. She stepped into it, and vanished.
When Tony had invited Bruce to stay at Stark Tower he had had an unexpressed notion of him working for Stark Industries research division, of them sharing ideas and lab space.
Steve leaned over the balcony, assessing what lay below.
"Jarvis reported it."
"Loki," Steve said. "You're talking about Loki."
"I am sure she does, sir. On the day you defeated Loki and the Chitauri, the night she stayed here, Agent Romanoff loaded a data set onto my servers."
Steve took a deep breath. Talking with Pepper in the kitchen of the penthouse was quite a different thing from being summoned to the office of Ms Virginia Potts, CEO, Stark Industries.
"What would the bombs have done to Manhattan?"
The warrior nodded a greeting from the middle of a ring of bodies, then put the tip of the sword to the blood-soaked ground and leaned on it. His eyes, blue as a summer sky, fixed on Iron Man.
Tony's reaction was predictable. "Jarvis! Security breach!"
"I suppose that's Rescue," Steve said, as neutrally as he could.
Iron Man dropped through the tree canopy, smashing branches and scattering dead leaves before he landed, in his trademark down-on-one-knee position, on the bank of the creek. "So this is where you've been hiding. Are you all right?" he demanded.
"I knew Jarvis was sending the Mark 8 – and you had the suitcase suit."
"The Avengers were wise not to send Thor," Natasha said
"Yes," he said, though he was by no means sure. "What's wrong?"
"Because he used to hang out at all those places where women with silicone breasts and no brains cluster hoping to hook up with a billionaire."
Tony's voice said, in his earbud: "According to the armour's infra-red scans there's no life in the cemetery larger than a chipmunk."
"What the devil is he playing at?"
"He couldn't've be'n that stupid," Tony said, with what almost sounded like disappointment in his voice.
The hologram turned slowly in the air in front of him, each rotation building another layer of detail, until it became recognisable as a helmet, though with far more appendages than Tony considered feasible, including a spectacular pair of antennae. Inside, it was packed with electronics which controlled a tiny but sophisticated chemical factory as well as some things even Tony did not understand, though he knew he could construct them.
"'Steve Stark'."
Steve steered the SUV carefully down the dirt road, a very different experience from driving a Jeep across war-torn Europe. Actually, the vehicle was closer to the size of an armoured car, but without the armour and with comfortable seats, an astonishingly quiet engine, and a suspension which smoothed out some of the worst of the bumps. Steve's caution was more to do with the strange automatic gears and the complexity of the dash than the state of the road or the power of the engine.
He lifted an eyebrow at Thor, who smiled blandly back.
"But it stacks up Stark Industries against a lot of powerful enemies. Natasha has a scary list of them."
"Oh, Pepper likes you," Tony said, carefully not answering the unfinished question, though Steve was sure he knew perfectly well where it had been going. "She thinks you're a 'nice boy, so polite'." Tony flashed a quick grin at Steve. "I told her she hadn't heard what you called me, and she said that I'd undoubtedly deserved it."
Even before he saw something huge and green and all too familiar bulldozing through the rain and the remains of the crowd.
It was better this way. Better than facing a world in mourning for its hero, and certainly than facing Pepper, Rhodey, Happy, Spider-man or, worst of all, Morgan, ever again...
T'Challa said: "Behold the Golden City."
Tony's panic only increased. "Whitney was here? What happened to her mask? If she has access to it she'll—?"
Feeling unappreciated and annoyed, Tony glared at him, but he guessed this counted as 'in the field' and Steve's orders were always worth following in those circumstances. He nodded curtly, making it clear that he was obeying, under protest, then stomped off to find the promised camp beds.
"We're going fight them," Tony went on grimly. "I think we'll have public sympathy, as well as legal precedent. They never patented any of the elements of Project Rebirth and they've got no evidence of any later success. Erskine died a long time ago and if anyone else has any kind of claim I guess it would be my Dad, so Stark Industries is about to start a nuisance counter-claim."
"That's the point. I don't know. But they're hostile. Like Alien queen hostile. So if you should happen to reconstruct it, call me before you switch it on. You never know what might be on the other side – including an angry Hulk."
"Tony, wake up. Fuck you,
Steve's instincts had been doing their own subconscious calculation of speed and trajectories. "Now!" he shouted, but Iron Man's hands were releasing him even as he spoke.
"You said it was urgent, Jarvis," Steve replied, deciding to picture the AI as a balding, slightly rotund man in a butler's formal suit, as it made it easier for him to talk to the... thing.
"Are you sure that is wise, sir," Jarvis asked.
"I'm his friend and his comrade in arms," Tony said. "Are you?"
New York had been disorientating and difficult in its mixture of familiarity and strangeness, so he had come west looking for an America more in tune with his memories, and found kindness and hospitality and suspicion and patriotism and faith. Yet each was so often tainted with an idea of America that he did not want to recognise; of ignorance, of prejudice, of fear and, God help him, a hatred of foreigners, of immigrants, of the Federal government...
Tony woke slowly, in contentment, knowing, without memory, that all was well with his world. Despite a few aches, probably from – oh, yes, Steve hauling him out of a crashing car...
Besides, he was being held so tightly in the other man's arms that he couldn't break free without hurting him.
Fear, as dreadful as that when he had faced Thanos, had him in his grip. His contact with the stones began to slip.
Steve flung himself across the floor, sliding so his feet hit the mask first, knocking it flying. The girl – Whitney? – ignored him and scrambled after it. But Steve was on his feet before she was, leaping between her and the mask. She snarled and, moving with equal speed, feinted towards his face with her fist but kicked out at his groin. He caught her foot and threw her backward, then winced as her head impact on the wheel arch of one of the cars. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Howard throw the mask so it was hidden from view behind the crashed cars.
Tony spread his hands. "Who knows? We'll let them cool their heels for a while, let them think we're going to starve them out. Not that that isn't tempting. It might be interesting to see who claims 'em. If no-one does I'll call Fury and let him take care of them."
As Tony and Steve climbed out, there was a high-pitched screech, and a petite brunette came racing from behind a row of storage racks to fling herself into Tony's arms.
Steve couldn't help but grin at him. "Very."
"Thor considered that gave him leave to return to Midgard immediately, though he refused to let us accompany him. He was back more swiftly than we had anticipated, bringing you with him. After that, it was in the hands of Frigga and her servants. You are lucky, Steven. The Queen of Asgard has great magic and, in the absence of Odin, was free to use it." He rose to his feet and faced Steve, then spoke what were obviously formal words. "Fear nothing. We – the Warriors Three and the Lady Sif – have been charged with keeping you safe here in Thor's apartments. Even if Loki or Odin himself comes for you, they will not reach this room." He relaxed into his normal casual self. "Now, this has been quite enough conversation. Frigga will have my hide if I have overtired you. So rest easy, knowing we will keep you safe until you return to Midgard."
"Actually, no, he isn't. You're the only one who's alone. Thor's with his family and I presume Natasha and Clint are still together. I have Pep and sometimes Rhodey, but—"
On the other hand, Jan was a different kind of smart, closer to his own kind, perhaps. Still brilliant, but more practical, and certainly more savvy about human relations. If she trusted Betty, Steve was willing to follow her lead.
"You haven't checked the back-pack," Steve pointed out.
"So would I." Steve meant it, but thought it odd that Pepper was now concentrating so completely on the steaks. And that she didn't mention Bruce. "You knew Phil Coulson?"
"The suit and the reactor were affected by Asgardian technology," Tony retorted stressing the last word. "I am not a ghost or a zombie, damn it."
"Fury. Surrounded by SHIELD hard-men. And harder women."
*************************
"Jarvis, what's out there?"
"Steve."
"Seventy years plus, Tony. Seventy years and there are still soup kitchens, in America. In New York. And there's still injustice and prejudice and nuclear weapons and terrorists and dictators – both of which our government has created and supported. Not to mention the interests destroying the planet for profit."
He would not call Rhodey. He could handle this. He
Tony's expression was suddenly serious. "And you'd better do it quickly."
"Just find him for me, Tony. I can't ask for anything else until you do that."
"I invited him," Steve said. So he wasn't giving away that they'd found the body in the lobby either.
"You never did like Whitney," Tony said, which was the absolute truth. "But she's had a pretty rough time of it." Also true. "And I'm damn sure you haven't been celibate and pining for me, Pepper, any more than I have for you."
"And your evidence of his existence, let alone that he is here, is still ..." Tony looked them all up and down insolently, "...absent." Out of the corner of his eye he had spotted at least one civilian making a break for it. Keep their attention on him and more might escape.
"An interview? A job interview?"
He hit the surface hard, driving all the breath from his body, and went deep into cold water.
data"
His voice overridden by explosion after explosion, the still-standing trees stark against the intermittent flares. Hot shock waves flecked with fire buffeted both armours and shook the still reversing truck. Only Thor seemed unaffected.
Mjolnir was gone, along with the Pym Particles and his wrist device, though his nano-suit that Tony had designed for their journeys through the Quantum Realm was thrown over the back of a hair.
Giving up, he flung the quilt aside and rolled to his feet. Natasha looked up from the tablet she was reading and Steve mimed lifting something to his lips, raised his eyebrows and asked "Coffee?" wordlessly, because he didn't want to wake Hank or Lieutenant Storm.
The man who answered it was squat and powerful, with an expression that suggested the scum of the Earth had just rolled up on his doorstep.
"Thanos himself told us," Natasha said. "Before Thor killed him. He used the Stones to destroy themselves."
Instantly, Steve was properly awake, and tumbled in an avalanche of memory, all too aware of what he had said and done – what Tony had said and done.
"Which you knew I wouldn't."
He sure hoped he could.
"I'll be okay," Steve insisted, not understanding himself why he was so reluctant to show weakness in front of Tony Stark. "I heal fast."
"And as for you, Steven, you do not take over Coulson's supernanny role. You don't have the gravitas, or a mean enough streak. Nor am I about to let you get your hands on a taser."
"We need to get Happy to a doctor. I'll shift him into the back and you can drive."
"Because she was here at a time when your behaviour was... questionable."
"Well, I don't know anyone who doesn't," Lieutenant Storm said brightly.
Tony turned and lifted his head. Behind his faceplate he was grinning widely at the worried face beside his. "Thor! I was just thinking of you, buddy. Is Heimdall telepathic?"
All the same, intrigued and no longer bored, Steve said, "Sure, tell him I'm on my way," and headed for the elevator.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony shrugged. "You got me."
"Present, as always, Steve."
"Yes, or more likely relayed by them."
Already, the interior was seriously spooky as the unibeam reflected from clouds of mud particles. He tried to treat it as some weird computer game, that should have made the occasional body floating in the water easier to deal with. When their guts weren't floating beside them, that was.
"He was a friend," Tony said. "Not just mine, but Pepper's too. He was stupid, to tackle Loki alone, but yes, dammit, I need to be there, if only as a representative of the Avengers."
The unknown – to him at least – nodded. "Give the man a cigar. You're nearly as smart as you think you are. Yeah, they were hired to kidnap Virginia Potts."
"It's ... possible."
"I'm afraid he is insistent, Captain. If you do not wake Mr Stark then I must."
"It isn't Asgardian," Tony pointed out. "So you aren't working for SHIELD at present?"
"Good. Sleep is for wimps – or at least not for Asgardian gods," Tony said, ushering Thor into the elevator. "We need to find out who's closeted with Hank," he added. Then, as the doors closed, he went on, impulsively, "There's something I have to tell you: the people I encountered in the eye of the hurricane were... magic users. Or at least what looked like magic. They had this sorta-Viking ship floating in the air in the middle of the eye."
Falling into old habits, he made himself a vegetable smoothie (celery, carrot and spinach made for an odd and watery combination but he was past caring) and ordered up a hamburger with all the trimmings from a – reasonably – local restaurant.
"That's the Iron Man armour," Tony said, off-handedly.
"You'd better be careful around that steam-punk pteradonish object," Iron Man told them cheerfully. "Captain America saw what he describes in his usual forties idiom as 'bombs' in the belly of the beast. Actually, they look more like giant eggs – fragile eggs with rotten contents. They could contain anything from smells to smallpox."
"We'd be ready in ten, but I can't contact either the JFK tower or New York Centre by radio – the interference is
Stark Tower actually had a number of pools open to SI employees, but those were in the basement. The Penthouse's private pool was much smaller, on the lowest floor of what was on its way to becoming the Avengers complex. It was long and narrow, almost, but not quite, a lap pool, its water reaching several feet up the floor to ceiling windows that made it look as if you could swim out into the familiar cityscape. The tiles alone, blue and green and silver, had cost a small fortune.
"Make your excuses to Steve? Of course."
And now Tony was shaking under his hand, saying, "Fuck" over and over again.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Damn it, Tony!" Rhodes shouted. "Velasco and I persuaded the government to give you this one last chance to cooperate—"
Laurel and Hardly looked at each other then, somewhat suspiciously, beyond Tony, to where Steve was leaning with his back against the bar arms folded.
Natasha and Clint. "What? Of course. Totally in order. What about Jan?"
"Such things are only complicated if you make them so. Or do you have another lover who would object?"
"T'Challa—"
Of course, if he'd had his StarkPhone he could have pinpointed their exact location, but what little electronic equipment they had had with them had been – very politely – confiscated before they boarded the plane.
Steve shook his head, one hand moving in a 'stand back' gesture.
The Doombot scanned the room. "Where is it?" it demanded.
"Consider that rescinded."
"Then I give you permission to look for him." T'Challa shrugged, stepped up to a door which Tony hoped was not chosen at random, and submitted to the sweep of a retinal scanner.
"Fuck—"
"There is a point near the American coast around which the hurricane seems to be avoiding, though it is nowhere near the eye,"
While it was not something that Tony wanted to hear, the ice in his stomach melted a little. He tapped Thor gently on the chest. "I had you to help, Goldilocks. I just hope you're right about Cap."
"You look after Virginia Potts, Stark," Hill said gruffly. "She's worth ten of you." She grinned, suddenly. "She's also damn mad at you right now." With that, she ducked into the helicopter, which lifted away into the night.
Tony clawed his way through the layers of sleep fogging his brain. "G'way."
"Silicon breasts?" Steve sounded disturbed.
"And she said it was a charade," Tony reminded him.
"No," Tony replied, watching in fascination as one of the most powerful people in the world opened the door at speed, peered out and looked to left and right, then relaxed and closed the door, turning to face Tony. "Is there any reason I should be?" he asked. "Or do you expect treachery from everyone nowadays?"
"Rhodey, Stark International is a multi-national company, with research labs in most of them, plus we fund research in more than a score of universities—"
"There's a hurricane making its way up the East Coast. Is there any way you can stop it before it hits Manhattan?"
Every eye was suddenly on him. "Steven!" Thor's exclamation was unashamedly happy. "Did we wake you? I knew we should not have brought Volstagg." He threw a wide grin at the huge redheaded man.
"No you're not, and I'm not," Steve said to the woman-who-wasn't-Peggy. Tony had never expected him to speak so coldly to someone he had never met before, but that voice held all the ice of his seventy years of frozen imprisonment. "Did you always look like that?"
"I can do that," Jarvis said.
"And I was the one who put Hank and Jan at risk, too, sending them here without your permission. I should have known it was a combustible mixture."
Last section originally Ameri-picked by Lisa Roquin.
For an instant, Tony's muscles tensed, then he was hugging Steve back and it wasn't in the least tentative or awkward.
He was desperately out of place here; a soldier, a super-hero (whatever that phrase might mean) who had never been rich, never been anything but struggling to survive, whether in Twenties and Thirties Brooklyn or in war-torn Europe.
Her head dipped in greeting to him.
Damn it, he'd been blind! "The Chitauri? Or their tech?"
"Keep him safe," Tony corrected, heading for the elevator to the armoury.
"Maybe that's not really the true herb—"
Once in the CEO's conference room, Pepper rounded on him, "What the hell is this about, Tony?"
Now Steve faced him. "You would never hurt me."
"What was that supposed to prove?" he asked, one eyebrow raised sardonically.
The walls on either side of the gate were ten feet high; a physical barrier that Tony had told him was more for show than an attempt to stop a determined attack. With a quick order to Jarvis to shut off the invisible force shields – which were really meant to stop such an attack – for five seconds, Steve vaulted the wall, and landed, running, on the other side.
Howard should have smiled in return. Instead, he was looking down at his hands. "Tony? What is this stuff you're covered in?"
"'That big ugly building in New York'," Tony quoted, with a chuckle. "You do know that most New Yorkers think it's an improvement on the original."
The thought was bitter.
Tony spun about, just in time to see the steps withdrawing into the rock. With a yell, he leaped upwards, aiming to boost himself off a half-withdrawn step. The strip of light from above vanished. He hit the wall, scrabbled for a hold, caught an edge with a toe, and then was falling back down into the dark.
Well, one way to deal with that.
Bruce snorted. "Well, if you put it like that... I found what would react with the contents of that sphere you brought from New York. It just reacted rather too well."
The food and the flight entertainment could not be faulted, though Tony silently bemoaned the lack of stripper poles – silently because he still hoped that Steve had not yet discovered true function of the 'Stark Poles' on his private jet. They had a wide choice of movies and TV programmes and e-books. The seats reclined into beds and sheets and pillows were quickly provided.
"Partly, but Betty's role was her idea."
"If you knew the Ten Rings were involved you should have called me in," Tony stated coldly. "But you didn't want me, did you? Or Bruce?"
"Looks like there's nothing here," Tony said.
Tony laid his hand against Steve's cheek and said, as he had then: "Are you okay with this?"
And nothing was going to go wrong. Repulsor technology was Tony's own invention and, unlike the ARC reactor, had nothing of his father in it. Combining the two had originally produced the Iron Man armour, but since then he had done little else with the concept. Perhaps that was because he had always thought of the repulsors as military tech and was concentrating on clean technology as the main money-earner for the future.
Tony drew a shaky breath. "It's obvious you never someone with a full dose of Extremis," he said, as calmly as he could. "You also saw the video of what I found on the crashed helicarrier." He raised his voice in command. "Computer, compare the wartime photos of Steve Rogers with your scans of our guest. Any points of difference?"
"He was my grandson."
Steve's voice said, hesitantly, "Stark?"
"Using the truck might be a giveaway," Steve said, rising easily to his feet. "I saw a bike in the garage."
When Tony picked himself up, he found that the temple was empty of life. Only the statue of the Panther god stood untouched, eyes glowing amber in the dust-filled air, their light falling on the bodies strewn across the crazed marble floor.
"Have you lost your mind? I'm CEO of Stark Industries, Tony, not some secret agent."
Stark must have seen something in his expression because he went on, "It was okay. Good cover. The Guardian it housed was defeated, the ring it protected now in other hands, though whether they are safe hands is... questionable." He shrugged.
"Not a chance, apparently," Tony grumbled.
Tony shook his head. "Must have been earlier, I guess. Maybe an hour or so." He brightened. "Which suggests I may be imagining a connection after all."
"Doesn't she have to serve out her notice?" Bruce asked.
"Loads of it on tap up there. Remember that this is Tony's plane and he has been known to fly it himself. But coffee isn't going to help you sleep."
"Alien," was Steve's response.
"No, but they might look for orders. All the same, it could work," Tony admitted reluctantly. "With a lot of luck. So, let's take a look at you, Mr White Wolf." He reached out and pulled the headpiece away, then sat back on his heels in surprise. "Well, now that's interesting." The man's face beneath the mask was indisputably white. "I wonder if the Wakandans know?" he added, with a smirk.
Tony lay back, turned his head into the pillow and closed his eyes. He had a lot to think about on the long ride into Manhattan.
"Oh, we can both do better," Tony said, "but that was pretty damn good. Remember what I said about 'No'? I am certain that if I'd said 'No' you would have stopped. I didn't."
"He may not be the one in charge right now," Jan pointed out.
The 'hyenas' lair' turned out to be the so-called 'government compound' in which he and Steve had been imprisoned and to which a number of the Hatut Zeraze had retreated. He, Okoye and her picked team swept through it like a storm.
"Bad guys, sir?"
"Why did you buy a bar, Tony?" Bruce asked, with the resigned air of a man who knows he is feeding someone a straight line.
"Halt!"
"So I could throw Ross out of it, what else?" Tony replied blandly. "I do not like Ross, but I hadn't considered him. He's fixated on the other guy, not me or Steve."
he thought muzzily.
"What?" Steve sounded baffled.
There was a deliberate tap on his helmet. Then someone shoved at him. Though he tried desperately to keep his balance, to force the weight of the suit to hold him upright, he failed. There was an instant of unbelief, then the world upended itself and he crashed sideways to the ground.
"And you on Wakanda. Now I shall call one of my agents," T'Challa went on, "and Shuri and I will return to Wakanda."
And there it was, a cold room in what amounted to a vault.
"Maybe it was..."
"Supposedly he's been assigned to run a training squadron out in Nevada, effectively a demotion. The armour's GPS places it there too – oh, I installed that when I tailored the armour for Rhodey, along with some nasty little surprises for anyone who tried to tamper with the repulsors or the reactor. I hope it isn't Velasco. I kinda like him—"
Steve, meanwhile, had subdued White Wolf and was grinning down from the walkway at Tony. "Good work," he said. "Keep the gun and pick up a couple of those machetes. They could be useful."
Those were the last, though, for the series of shock waves sent their vehicle skewing sideways, missing a tree by inches. All three men ducked as a branch swept low over the seats. This manoeuvre, though, left Steve fighting to keep his balance, a fight he lost as the vehicle dipped to the right. He was about to dive head first over the side when Tony grabbed a double handful of White Wolf suit and yanked him down on top of him.
Tony felt himself shudder. "I'm still shaking," he said, because there was no disguising it. "When I got there you were standing right in the path of a disintegrator ray of some kind – God, I can't believe I'm saying that. I had maybe three seconds to take the thing out before it got both of us. Despite the really rather scary parallels, your nickname isn't Buck, Rogers—" He stopped in horror, the joke dying on his lips because... God, how could he have been so crass? "Oh, shit, Steve, I'm sorry. I forgot about Barnes. Buck Rogers was—"
"Nothing until I get there. Assign me a runway, MacTavish, and the sorting out's gonna be a real pleasure."
And two of the mercenaries were dragging Steve's body towards it.
And nothing from Rhodey, who might at least have called to make sure he was all right.
Steve was suddenly glad he'd managed to hold his tongue.
"God help us all," Steve said, meaning it.
"Thor," Tony said, with a slight nod. "Steve. Welcome to sunny California. I see you brought your own weather with you."
"Boss..."
"What's eating you?" Tony demanded, rounding on him.
"I returned her calls," Steve said.
Just how much would the information that they had done so be weighed against the safety of his fellow Avengers?
Even as he leaped forward, reaching for the handle, braced for the pain of his bare hand on metal hot enough for expansion to jam the catch, Jan left his shoulder. There was brightness in the air, a crackle of power, and the catch and lock were blown away. Steve levered the door open with the edge of his shield and grabbed the pilot by the shoulders, heaving her – if it was Danvers – out and away.
It felt lonely without them.
The Ferrari's speedometer needle was edging towards the 200 mph mark, but that wasn't anywhere near as fast as the War Machine armour. Even as he wondered why whoever was in it – not Rhodey, please, not Rhodey – wanted to kill them, the road in front of them exploded.
No longer the Avengers Initiative, just the Avengers, which was how Tony always referred to them.
"Ah." There was satisfaction in T'Challa's voice. "It is as our ally that you may do Wakanda a second service. I have a dilemma. I have no wish to continue to hold the SHIELD agents captive, but further interference from that organisation cannot be tolerated. Nor will I do this man Fury the honour of negotiating directly. If he wants his agents returned to him he must give cast iron assurances that he and his agency will not attempt to enter Wakanda again. Will you act as a neutral negotiator for me? I know you will reveal nothing of Wakanda."
"Ah, so you haven't a warrant or any evidence and while your first statement is unfortunately true, the reply to the second is 'not anymore.' Hell, wish I could say that for both." No, Tony. Keep your cool. You're going to need it. "And I'm the owner of this building, with a team of hotshot lawyers like you wouldn't believe. You want me to call them and ask how many laws you're breaking? You don't come after an AWOL soldier with lethal force! Has he committed a crime?"
"Good," Tony said, and kissed him lightly. "Because I can't either."
"Good enough." The Iron Man surged forward, shrugging off the effects of the gusting winds – Force 10, as Jarvis cheerfully informed him – and the battering hail.
"Well, where is he?"
"I never claimed to be a soldier. Right from the beginning, I told you we weren't. And you make an awful spy, too, by the way. You give Natasha hives."
Steve, who now knew what a Jedi was, was fascinated by the philosophy behind what their instructor called
He shouldn't feel this disappointed that it hadn't. After all, he knew that everyone left, sooner or later.
Nor was that surprising. The building that had stood at those coordinates was now a heap of rubble.
, who had stupidly, casually, as if his own life hadn't mattered, laid it down for Tony on a ridiculous chance and who was now riding up in his elevator as if nothing had happened, as if there hadn't been that horrible, endless gap in his own life when there was no hope left.
"We replaced the core," Barton said. "Or rather, Nat did."
But compared with some asses he knew, it wasn't even close to perfection, and his dick had better just go back to sleep because if it couldn't have that perfection it wasn't settling for less...
But had Howard reported the truth? Tony wondered. Perhaps there was something in the files...
"You wait. But I hope you'll take pity on my aches and let us relocate back to bed."
"That is sensible," Okoye agreed, frowning at the gun in her hands.
Of course, Cap's words to Loki in Stuttgart had been reported:
"Him?" Clea asked.
"Tony, it's part of my job to make you see the people you need to see, even if it's in a roundabout way."
"That was deliberate," Steve said. "They aren't fooled."
"I... see," Pepper said, and Steve was suddenly sure she saw a great deal more than his words had revealed. Indeed, she looked dismayed.
T'Challa chuckled. "The members of the Dora Milaje are also, in tradition, the king's wives in training. So not that much in common, Captain."
"And if Lord Odin strips you of your power for a second time?"
Or was it just that he was too much of a coward to provoke a Code Green?
"Tony." Natasha had a hand on his arm.
To his own astonishment, Tony had slept for over twelve hours after they had arrived here. He'd firmly steered Steve to the main suite. It had the largest bed, which Steve needed more than he did, and he did not want to sleep in what had been his parents' bed. Nor think about Steve sleeping there, as it happened.
He wasn't Steve Rogers, let alone Captain America.
Oh, yes. The final report on the partial failure of the arc reactor core...
Steve muttered something under his breath, rubbed his cheek where Pepper had kissed him, sighed, and shook his head.
"And they will this. After a while."
"They weren't going to shoot at you; I'd gotten the impression they wanted you alive."
"Hey, Barton, if I was going to kill any of you, you'd be dead, and this ain't heaven."
Jan was looking smug. "Hank," she said.
The choice of words alone was telling.
"Are we – me and Mr Stark – alone here?"
He had rejected it, joined SHIELD, gone to Washington where he was closer to Peggy, found a different partnership with Natasha (though whenever Clint was present he felt like a third wheel), met Sam who was a good friend and not part of the Avengers.
Tony grinned wolfishly. Well, he'd given them a chance.
a mental voice both Steve and not-entirely-Steve asked.
Tony could not tell how they were reacting, because the world had darkened as the afternoon rainclouds were circling above on a rising wind. It didn't look... natural. Maybe the Panther god was getting annoyed and about time. Well, if the rain came it would calm them soon enough.
Steve stared at him in total astonishment. "What?"
"Do you think it was co-incidental that this creature appeared when you were in Seattle?"
"They have gone to fetch your bodyguard," the black-clad man informed him.
"Really, Tony," Steve said, in tones of mild disapproval.
How come he'd missed the portal? Was it really that difficult to see? Or hadn't they activated it until after their local workforce had vanished?
"Tell me you didn't tell her that too?" Steve might be hopeless around women but Tony – well, he had thought Tony suave, charming and a bit of a lady-killer though a tad eccentric. It was beginning to look as if he was wrong.
Tony sent a drone to follow it, then watched it disappear into the far distance, heading out over the Sound and towards the open sea beyond.
Steve reached for his partner's arm, then hesitated with his fingers hovering above it as he saw the pain on the other man's face. "Tony? What's wrong?"
"Do I? Oh, yeah. 'Cap'. I've read too many comic books, I guess. You were Captain Steve Rogers – Captain America."
"Yeah. Sure. Well, right now, I want you to do nothing more than put that enhanced memory to the test again."
"I take it that's your mysterious billionaire – the guy you lease the dining room from," Steve said, once the call had safely ended.
"So that's where we heading: the cabin on the lake?"
Tony eyed her voluptuous figure, undisguised by the unisex flying suit. "Wow! The old— Wow."
"I'm not a dog." All the same, Tony followed the coffee's trajectory into a sitting position, clasped the mug in both hands, and took a gulp of its contents. It tasted foul. "Urgh."
"I have also overstepped my brief in one thing, sir. Despite your instructions not to enquire into Ms Carter's past, I ventured to look for her death certificate. May I say that I have located records in both the United States and the United Kingdom, and the date of death is consistent with that in local records and on her tombstone."
Steve led the way to the far door, opened it a crack and peered out, blinking in the comparative brightness of the artificial light. Beyond was a narrow passageway with a low suspended ceiling. The walls were plain rough-cast plaster in imitation of mud, and the light seemed diffuse, from an invisible source, but there were no other doors, and the corridor had... well, kinks... where it suddenly turned through ninety degrees.
The smile vanished from Tony's face. "Something wrong?"
"So, what are we celebrating?" he asked, because that was most certainly the exact opposite of what Tony was doing, and the answer might be illuminating.
As he came into land, he turned the guns and the lasers towards the pyjama-clad technicians.
Fury's gaze was scorching. "This is not the end of this," he said and stamped out.
Steve gave him a sharp look.
"Steve? What's bugging you?"
Tony's heart was somewhere down near the foyer and he didn't seem able to call it back. If Bruce and Steve left he would be alone here, waiting for an enemy even he could not fight by himself. Though he would try.
"Of course," Tony said, "but right now we don't have a clue about where the teleportation portal took him."
Tony eased himself into a sitting position, trying to conceal how painful it was to move. In front of him, reflected in the chrome trim, the glow of the arc reactor was bright and steady.
"I'm sure he has—" But Pepper had already snatched up her shoes and was gone.
"Tony," Rhodes's voice said from the speakers. "Where the hell are you?"
As the meeting broke up, Natasha drew Tony aside. "You need someone in Washington, Stark. I'm sure you're right about the conspiracy, but we have no idea how far it goes. According to the polls, the nominees are running neck and neck. It's impossible to tell which one, if either, has anything to gain by steering Sandro into the most heavily built-up area in the USA and its financial heart."
"That little, huh? Thank God you stepped on the brakes when you did. I could have hurt you – or at least shocked you badly."
Tony shoved him away, and almost fell over. Steve put out a hand to steady him, but he brushed it away. "Just going to sleep," he insisted.
Sirens were shrieking.
Tony didn't hesitate for long. He turned sideways and wriggled through the opening.
"I rather think you're asleep on your feet right now," Steve said, with amusement.
Steve, Tony realised belatedly, was beaded with water, though the taped down dressing that covered most of his back was still dry.
"You didn't—"
"Stark! What's happening?" the agent's leader demanded.
"And there were things I needed to do. Things I still need to do."
"Computer, report," he ordered, as he pushed himself up on his elbows. "What happened?"
"A little," Tony admitted. "Mom thought I needed a broader education and music appealed to me more than painting or acting."
"If Tony had known the thing existed he would certainly have briefed you, even if he didn't brief me and Hank. The last space shuttle was retired in 2011. Since then we've been relying on the Russians to get people into orbit. There's supposed to be a replacement in development but it won't be delivered for years yet."
"None of those. It should be safe but... Did Dad give you a gun?"
"Then where is—? What's
"This should be returned to Asgard," Thor had said. "Its absence would also split the time stream. Besides," he added brightly, "you may need it. And I have Stormbreaker now."
Colonel MacTavish was not going to be pleased if the pair loosed their weapons at those.
The black-clad man's eyes narrowed, then widened very slightly in surprise. He spoke sharply in what was presumably Wakandan, not to Steve or rather, not to White Wolf, but to their escort. It was plainly couched as an order. The warriors looked at each other with uncomfortable expressions, then at Steve, who nodded, once.
"Its king certainly would do both."
"You don't say," Clint said. He turned to Tony. "We hadn't meant to come in, but then there was that business in Seattle. There was a whiff of Hulkiness about that creature, so we went looking for Lieutenant General Ross. We didn't find him, but, boy, we did stir up a hornet's nest. Nat spoke to your legal eagle, and she said you and Steve were in East Africa, which rang all sorts of different alarm bells."
Two horses were tied up in the shadow of the lean-to, swishing their tails against the depredations of the flies. One might have meant Lori, but two...
"Why would we—? No, never mind. It's an earth closet, Tony. No sewer."
Well, if they thought that their guns equalised the Iron Man they had another think coming just as soon as he'd separated them from the civilians.
"It knocked me out and gave me hallucinations and a splitting headache is what it did!"
He elected to ignore the slip. "Not good enough, Tony. What is this place?"
"My behaviour is always questionable," Tony said lightly. "Now, hand over that will and go find me a couple of witnesses while I read it, and we'll get it signed."
"I was about to explain that, sir, when your fellow Avengers entered the building."
"I am
"I am. SHIELD – you – were cruel enough to lie to him about Margaret Carter, led him to believe that she was just a phone call away. But whoever wrote those fake files – and they lied to him about me, too, but I'll let that go – was either unbelievably careless or thought Steve was stupid; the address was an obvious fake."
Iron Man landed on the Hudson River Greenway, even as the sky darkened.
Steve had the stubborn look Tony had come to dread. "So I have usurped the body of another man – by all accounts a good man, a hero."
Tony swallowed. "As for you, Rogers," he said tightly, "
"Not just their medical practices," Tony said. "They're way ahead of us in materials technology.
"Mandarin!" Tony shouted. "Close the portal."
"Don't know," he muttered, turning his face into Tony's shoulder, savouring the warmth, the scent of metal, expensive cologne, soap and clean cotton that was safety.
"That's what I'm saying. SHIELD dragged me from the gutter. I owe them big time, both for that and letting Tasha live. But you know something? Cap didn't think twice before trusting me, despite what I'd done. Despite what Fury'd done. I hope it never happens, but if it comes to a choice between SHIELD and the Avengers, I'm going with what he chooses. I think Nat will too. So this is a word of warning: Fury isn't done yet and he always has an ace in his sleeve. Ciao."
"I'll sleep when we get to Seattle," Steve said.
Thor's expression was grave: "In Asgard, he came close to choosing death – and it was your name that called him back to life."
"You should have killed them," Okoye stated, looking down with distaste at the mixture of dead (her own victims) and unconscious (Steve's) scattered about her.
"There are Asgardian ships that might match that description," Thor admitted, thoughtfully. "How large was it?"
"Jarvis," Tony began, before he remembered. "Lost Jarvis." He thought it through very carefully. "Mechanical. Emergency release. Steve knows..."
Steve contemplated counting to ten, but abandoned the idea at two. Years of dealing with James Barnes' particular sense of humour urged him to counter attack instead. "An' you look equally ridiculous. Get 'em off, Stark."
"My sister Shuri was kidnapped from her lab at the Sorbonne less than forty eight hours ago," T'Challa said. "I suspected the mercenary group we defeated in Wakanda. I flew to France, but by then her kidnappers had crossed the English Channel by helicopter and landed at a US Air Force base in Suffolk."
"Two. I got you completely wrong. Though you were being—"
"I have business elsewhere over the next few days," he said, with a dismissive wave of his hand.
But the military were showing signs of panic. Some trigger happy fool loosed a shot and—
He conceded the point to Stark, unable to do anything but shake his head. Then, "Food?" he reminded Stark who grinned, looking even younger.
"You're endangering Stark Industries, Tony."
Just getting more dangerous by the moment.
"—beast—"
"Tony, what have you done to your—?" Pepper demanded, only to be cut off as Tony flung his arms around her, swinging her up off her heels (though only by a couple of inches) and kissing her soundly.
Tony said, "I know nothing about that, Rhodey, and that's the truth. Meanwhile—"
However, with each lowering of the cloak there was less and less activity and less and less light, while banks of cloud advanced from the east, though there seemed to be little wind in the canopy.
"Right. I can deal. Hadn't we better get on with this impromptu board meeting? I'm going to love writing the minutes, even if it is below my pay grade." Marilyn grinned happily. "Minutes of the Emergency Meeting of the Board of StarkEnergy. Location: inside an armoured truck on Grand Central Parkway. Present: Marilyn Bartowlski, secretary, and Anthony Edward Stark, Chairman and Chief Stockholder. With two out of three members present, we are quorate...."
"Too little. Dang it, this is so hard to explain, particularly to you. You're so much a man of your time. The large changes are much easier to cope with than the bad things that have stayed the same. Then when you think something's the same and it isn't... that's horrible. I hated Stark Tower when I first saw it—"
Okoye smiled. "My people are of the Crocodile Tribe, Captain. So yes. But we will need to steal a boat, and quickly."
"Whew," Tony said. "A whole lot of people loaded for T. Rex in a city whose laws effectively ban assault weapons. Though I suppose if those are our military the point is arguable. Ready the building shields, Jarvis. Any move in our direction, just raise 'em – don't wait for orders from me." Even as he spoke he was checking positions and patterns and letting his mind run freely. "I don't think we're under attack. They aren't watching us but the approaches, apart from the different units who are watching each oth— What the hell?"
Tony's gaze focused on him. "Something to do with that paper you're waving around?"
With some distaste he stripped the pants from what was plainly the largest of the bodies, rinsed them out in the river, and dragged them on, wet fabric recalcitrant against equally wet skin. The tunic was wearable as it stood, though it was too tight and now had a hole where he had torn away what was plainly an identifying badge.
When he had flown here first in the Iron Man suit – which now had a stealth mode that Rhodey's bosses at the Pentagon would have sacrificed their pensions to acquire – he had found no clue as to the research that had been conducted here. Whatever Howard had had his people researching, he had been careful to leave no trace.
"No, sir. It was not."
"I thought you and Miss Potts were ..." What? Engaged? Miss Potts did not wear a ring. "That she was your ..." He had a feeling that 'mistress' was almost certainly offensive. He'd heard 'significant other' which sounded ridiculous. "That she was your special girl."
"Oh, very informative. Put up the audio visual feed from the CEO's office."
Jan snorted. "I've been with Betty in enough tough spots over the past few days to know that's not necessary. But I think all three of us might be safer in New York. With the other Avengers."
A push of Yogthulu's articulated leg had sent the mutilated man staggering towards the artefact, which promptly twitched, then rolled casually under the nearest chair.
"...your fault," another male voice was saying, indicating he had missed something, though whether a few words or a larger number of sentences he could not say. "At least you are still around to help deal with the consequences."
Happy snorted, but extracted the boots from their case and held them ready for Steve to finish becoming Captain America.
"He's supposed to be an optimum human. I wouldn't want to make that experiment," Bruce said, with a smile for Steve. "You might survive. Or not." He frowned. "Something wrong, Steve?"
Steve hadn't actually said that it was, had he?
"Don't push too hard, Tony," Bruce warned. "He's emotionally fragile."
"If you had been human," he elaborated, "I could have hurt you badly when you woke me just now. Maybe even killed you.”
Everyone ignored him.
"Oh." After a moment, though, Sif's frown turned to a smile. "It is of no moment. Thor and I have been lovers in the past and will be again. He and Jane will have their time together but when she dies of old age, he and I will still be young."
If Steve's hearing hadn't been so sensitive, he wouldn't have heard Tony's sharp intake of breath, and if he hadn't spent so many years listening to the man talk he wouldn't have recognised the catch of emotion in his voice as he said, "War Machine and I saved a lot of people that night."
"Iron Man, we have non-humans here," Steve reported.
Steve's eyes were wide, "That's—"
"Uncle Tony! Wow! Black's the new gold— no, wait is that camouflage? Cool."
"What exactly did happen tonight? Did the helicarrier just decide to blow up? Or was she sabotaged?"
"How could you know that?" Carter asked. "You didn't... Oh, wait. Damn, I know I should have checked with Fury when he came through on that number. He didn't, did he? But the call came from his cell. How—?" Her eyes went to Tony. "You."
"Who are 'they', Steve?"
Now thoroughly caffeinated and, without Steve there to chide him, there was little point in teetering on the edge of caffeine poisoning so he didn't bother ordering another.
In his head, Tony began frantic calculations. If he was above the Hatteras Abyssal Plain – and he suspected he was – he was drifting down through about eighteen thousand feet of salt water. Given the approximate specific gravity of the suit and the increasing pressure of water he should be able to work out how long it would take him to reach bottom – if he ever did. Well, he wouldn't know about it, because the suit carried very little air and could not manufacture any oxygen with the power out. Compare that against how long it would take the shrapnel to reach his heart without the electro-magnets powered by the inactive ARC reactor and it still didn't matter because the water pressure (about four hundred and fifty psi for every thousand feet) was going to crack the joints before either...
"Because you've got personal experience of some of the amazing things that were supposedly invented or at least came to light during World War 2. You met the Red Skull. You're the only person who survived the super-soldier programme. And you knew Dad and Dr Erskine and Zola."
"You're sure?"
"Oh yes," Tony said grimly, but he was thinking how his experience had been very different from this man's – and Coulson's apparently.
"Now," Tony said, settling next to Steve on the long seat underneath the windows, "tell us the whole story. Jarvis, record this please."
Leaning out, Steve grabbed the black clad man by the arms and hauled him inside as Tony spun the vehicle on its axis, sending the warriors flying.
"Then don't tell him what you find."
"I'm trying to work out how Jarvis recognised you," Tony retorted.
There was silence for a while, except for the dull clack of the keyboard. During it, Steve systematically searched the room, growing more and more puzzled as he failed to find what he was looking for.
"Ready to go?" Tony asked.
He looked down at the sketchbook and winced. While his mind had been wandering, the cityscape he'd laid out on the pad had acquired a series of doodles, almost all recognisable as Tony Stark.
"Natasha," Steve interrupted, "you're forgetting that Tony and I have been working as partners for months. If either you or Clint had known your partner was dead, then found they were alive after all, wouldn't you want a little time to work things out?"
He was rewarded with smothered laughter, and felt all the tension drain out of him. Suddenly, he very much wanted to sit down.
A hand reached past him to pick up the whisky glass, and a warm body settled besides him, a brush of shoulder and arm that sent familiar heat coiling in stomach and groin.
I believe you – and I wouldn't trust you if God himself appeared to verify what you're saying – then you still haven't plugged that leak in your organisation."
By then Danvers was pulling a bunch of cable ties from her pocket. As Steve helped her secure their prisoners – not that they would be waking up any time soon – Jan's voice said, through Steve's earbud, "I'm going in to assess Storm's situation."
"Why can't we see you both?" Clint demanded. "If this is some sort of trick program—"
Once again, Tony felt a stab of suspicion of an ex-SHIELD agent.
"Then why the hell ask me? He makes his own decisions."
This time Steve met his eyes as he smiled, open and honest. "I know. But it's not the first time and, to be frank, if alcohol affected me at all I would probably have needed someone to do the same for me."
Certainly you needed a sense of humour to work for Tony Stark.
As a child, Steve had found sleeping difficult, lying awake on his narrow bed, forcing himself to breathe, afraid that if he didn't concentrate on the movement of his chest, his lungs might give up the fight and he might never wake up again.
"Now, who gave you that idea?"
The headlights, no doubt, were an indication that the guards at the gates had seen the explosions and responded predictably. Maybe, now the fire was out, they'd pass straight by, saving a lot of explanation...
Steve's head came up. "I think hundreds of people are dead," he growled. "God knows how many blocks in Queens and Nassau County have been flattened and all because you sent Barton and Romanoff in prematurely to the wrong target—"
"Despite the fact that you're accusing me of harbouring a fugitive. Oh, wait, I thought it was kidnapping. Make up your minds. Can you even provide me with evidence that this Steven Rogers exists?" Tony asked. "How about his military record? What's his social security number? Has he got a drivers' licence? Well?"
"For once we are in agreement, Stark."
mate?" Tony's knew his scepticism was obvious, but there were limits to how much unscientific mysticism he was going to stand for. "There's no such thing."
This time, when he unlocked and pressed the red button, the portal flared outwards, in Tesseract-blue. "That," he said, "is why leaving the enemy alive can help. Now, run!" He hauled his prisoner to his feet, grabbed a handful of uniform, and hurled him through the portal.
He shuddered, unable even to clench his fists against the riptide of fear.
"He broods if he's left to his own devices," Tony said crisply. "He's also got a nasty case of PTSD, though that's hardly surprising. Jarvis and I are keeping an eye on it."
One moment Park Avenue had been – well, not empty – but just full of the usual vehicles and people, the next a huge, green, man-shaped and very familiar monster was roaring at the crowds, who either scattered, heading for the dubious shelter of Stark Tower or the still-being-rebuilt Grand Central Station, or paused to lift their cells for a quick photo opportunity.
They were flung to the ground, Steve protecting the pilot with his body, and their heads with his shield. The Wasp was clinging to its straps as the shock wave rolled over them. Steve hoped it wasn't going to break any of the windows in the house, because it had been his decision to let the aircraft through and he had a feeling that any one of those windows cost more than everything he had ever owned. Tony would be furious...
Tony stepped out of the elevator and into an atmosphere of high tension. The security team behind the main reception desk on its raised marble platform were all on their feet, hands in view, well away from their holstered Stark specials. The reason they had not drawn those pistols was clear: men and women in combat gear (without any identifiable insignia) were placed strategically throughout the room. They all had guns too, modern assault weapons; at least three H&K G36s, a Hammer Widowmaker (bad choice, that), four M4 carbines and, even, damn it, a Stark SI2300 sub machine gun. No civilian would be carrying one of those in New York.
"I'm fine," Steve snapped, in a voice muffled by the faceplate. "Except I can't breathe or think with all these flashing lights. How do you get the damn thing off?" He clasped the helmet in both hands.
"And you thought I was gonna sleep through that?" Tony managed a smile, though the thought of Pepper's incessant nervous chatter was enough to aggravate the headache.
"No, no, no. Him sleeping at this time of night is so exceptional we need to cherish it. It just means this call will be twenty minutes shorter."
"You were not dealing with me, then. I am the White Wolf, leader of the Hatut Zeraze and am charged with protecting the people and traditions of Wakanda from threats both without and within. You are such a threat."
Tony did not look at him. "Holding my breath," he said shortly. "More than that just isn't your business, Steve."
For a while there was no sound in the room but that of his own harsh breathing and the thumping of his heart.
Nor was her, "For God's sake, Stark, did you have to try to kill him?"
"Tony! Tony, come here!" Natasha's call was urgent.
A woman was speaking, her accent English but with an unexpected intonation that he thought he ought to recognise. "Tell his friends that I have examined him thoroughly. I can find no physical reason for his continuing unconsciousness. He is not in a coma, but in very deep sleep. This may be an effect of the healing factor he is said to possess. He is, however, in pain. The seat of that seems to be moving, though my scans detect nothing."
Jan was grinning behind her hand. "I'll let him know that."
"Yes, I expected that – they'll have taken a look at Dad's patent and found out it isn't commercial without my upgrades, which aren't patented because I need to keep them out of anyone else's hands, at least for the moment. Point out to them that if they won't accept our terms there are other countries that will."
Worse, there was a thing standing beside its first segment. It had once been human. Now, though, it had very little skin, some of which had been replaced by a covering too white and shiny to be anything but artificial. Elsewhere it was just flayed flesh. There was a hole in its skull, too, and Tony saw there was no brain tissue behind it.
"This is still American soil, Stark, for all you've tried to declare independence for Stark Industries. You're not above the law. Steven Rogers is here and you
Tony lay along one of the penthouse's long leather sofas, head pillowed on a cushion, eyes closed, a glass containing the remains of a small brandy and large soda – a compromise finally agreed with Bruce – balanced on his chest and listened to his team-mates chew over the puzzling events of the day.
He pushed and so did Iron Man. The truck moved, inching back. They lifted it so the front wheels could fall back onto the earth behind the edge.
"Not overtly, Ms Romanoff," Jarvis said. "Checking further."
"But Tony, what makes you so sure that this man is actually Captain America and not some muscular SHIELD agent?"
Tony shot back. To the SHIELD agents he said, "You have a choice between putting down your weapons and surrendering to the Wakandan authorities or dying here and now. I'd make it fast if I were you."
Refusing to rise to the bait, which he recognised as pure Stark distraction, Steve said: "No, I couldn't tell her how I felt. I'm not sure I would have been able to tell her even if Howard and the Colonel hadn't been listening. Peggy and I just told each other we'd keep the date we'd made. She was going to teach me to dance -- and no, Stark, that wasn't a euphemism," he added, inwardly wincing at the sight of Tony's smirk.
"So that is how Klaw got here," Hunter mused as the portal situated at the very feet of the massive – and astonishingly lifelike – statue of a big cat that dominated the interior of the temple flared into life. "And it is why you insisted on coming here with me, North."
"Medium, thank you, Pepper." Steve said, staring at a range of beers, none of which he recognised, and selecting a Samuel Adams Pilsner as a compromise between patriotism and the European beers he had grown to like seventy years ago. He popped the cap and found a tumbler before taking a seat at the breakfast bar.
"You've been talking to Jarvis," Tony accused, keeping his own voice to a whisper in respect for what appeared to be Thor's hammer trapped in his head and trying to get out.
"You okay?" he asked her, as Iron Man came in to land beside them.
Steve held back his retort. Tony had earned the right to that crack. "Nothing to see up here," he said. "Give me a lift down?"
Tony grinned. "You'll never know for sure," he said. Then, to Steve, "I'm certain 'Peggy' would have suggested you contact her great-niece. How far were you willing to go, Carter?"
Even the Mayor had arrived in the hope of seeing one of the huge obstructions moved from his streets, and with the Mayor had come half the city's financial notables and the full panoply of the media. Happily for Tony, Pepper was dealing with him and them right now.
"You are not to blame yourself for that break-up," Jan said firmly. "Remember that Tony thought you were dead. And he can be ruthless with what looks like betrayal."
"No. Those who do not have fliers will sail."
The air reeked of drying fish and damp wood.
Oh, thank you, God, not cold.
Bruce – in his new Hulk form – had had to resort to reason and Strange's prophecy to get the Ancient One to lend him the Time Stone. If Hulk couldn't defeat her, what chance did he have in this debilitated state of defeating a room full of Stranges?
"No, sir. But hashtag tonystarkisnotdead is now trending on Twitter."
A wave of emotion rolled over him; of affection, of affirmation, but without threat. It sank into him and through him, bringing new knowledge. Then the artefact vanished under his hands, though the feelings didn't; they simply faded into the background, ready to come back when called.
Picking up the briefcase, Tony cast one last look at the shield, then Iron Man rose on his boot jets and up the narrow shaft that led to the garage, multiple hatches opening as he rose, then snapping shut behind him.
It was said so calmly that it took Tony a moment to realise the implications.
"Private or company?"
"You're joshing me," Steve said with a smile.
"Almost," Tony repeated. "You really hate it here, don't you?"
"Sort of a bathroom. Contains what a British sergeant I used to know referred to as 'the shit facilities.'"
"Yeah, well, there was a hurricane and some super-villainy," Tony said, with a shrug. "Fill you in later. Meanwhile, what have you got, Hank? Give."
"Not on your life," Gene said hurriedly. "That thing practically screamed 'send to Tony Stark' at me. Not to mention earned me a visit from Madame Masque. No. It's all yours. Now, are you going to introduce me to your friends?"
"She alternates between being brilliant and frighteningly rash," Howard said. "She makes Tony look cautious."
It was cold, even for December in New York. From the twenty-foot high windows in his penthouse above the city, it seemed to Tony Stark that the skyscrapers below had been transformed into quartzite pillars, sparkling like fairy lights in the rising sun. Fog lay over the rivers and the streets. A winter wonderland that would be gone within an hour. It was as if he was alone in a transformed world.
