Mycroft’s manic grin morphed into something resembling a genuine smile. He stuck his hand out and waited for John to take it.
With growing horror, John nearly dropped the bowl. “Did you DRUG ME?!” He dropped the bowl, spilling soup everywhere, and felt a wave of dizziness overcome him. Black spots danced before his eyes as he backed up into his cot.
The memories of the pool came flooding back. There was a conversation, he vaguely recalled. And then Mary pulled the trigger, and he took the bullet for Sherlock.
John led him into the kitchen and down the hall, stumbling over his own feet and walking head on into the walls. Once in Sherlock’s bedroom he dropped their combined deadweight onto the bed and was rewarded with a deep snore. He chuckled fondly at the sprawled out body beside him. He curled up against Sherlock’s back,cast an arm over his hips, and fell asleep.
Sherlock caged him in against the counter. Their chests were pressed together, their noses and foreheads touching. Neither looked the other in the eye, but rather gazed down at each other’s lips. Neither dared to break the delicate silence by speaking. They simply stood there like that…. Breathing…. Waiting…
“Yes, alright. Put me down, love,” John said chuckling while putting his hands up in defense.  Sherlock obeyed, but only after pecking a happy kiss on his cheek. John put his hand to the spot and reddened.
He swallowed Sherlock’s needy moan as he thrust his fingers into his prostate. “You gorgeous thing.”
They waved their lights around, looking for anything of interest in this empty, seemingly random room in the back of the cellar. Sherlock felt around the walls, knocking on certain spots, wiggling loose boards and bricks.
Irene was doing well for herself in the States. She found her niche in photography and had even enclosed a lovely picture of herself in the letter. She looked about the same. Just freer. She was happier, even though she wasn’t smiling in the picture. Sherlock could see it in her eyes.
John turned in a circle, looking for him, but Sherlock ducked behind a group of talking people to avoid his line of sight. He hid from John the rest of the reception, slipping into various groups. No matter how many times John circled the tent looking for him, he only came out when it was time to go home.
“Why is this the most interesting case for months? All we need to do is weasel our way into his ranks and put a stop to his illegal activities, yeah?”
John let Sherlock lean back against the table as he began unbuttoning his shirt for him. He spread the two halves wide open, revealing a pale, nearly hairless torso with three angry, pink lines over the left pectoral. They were healing fine, just as Sherlock as said. Sherlock remained silent as he slid his hands over the bare skin.
He allowed himself a lazy weekend morning trying to convince himself he wasn’t completely bored out of his mind. In the late afternoon, he settled in front of the television with a beer in hand. He’d done enough silent pining over Sherlock, he figured. If he didn’t get some alcohol into his system, he knew where his thoughts would drift.
“Yeah?” After the sixth time getting caught by her, John had given up on denying he was staring at Sherlock.
He smiled as he looked over Sherlock’s face and his chest rising and falling evenly under his hand. He didn’t want to leave. If it was up to him, he’d stay here all night memorizing every detail of Sherlock’s sleeping form. But he knew what he had to do.
He stilled, waiting for Sherlock to close that last bit of space between them. He convinced himself it was out of courtesy, and not cowardice.
Sherlock buried his nose into his wet hair. “I’ve got you,” he whispered onto the top of his head. “I’ve got you.”
The line tumbled out of his mouth before he had even thought about it, but he could tell he had struck a chord.  Victor’s angry sputtering fueled his confidence. Despite the fact that his heart was still pounding away with fear, he stepped up with all the boldness he could muster and placed a hand on Victor’s shoulder.
He turned into the kitchen to see Sherlock already dressed and putting on his coat. He had expected at least a little awkwardness to ensue between them. After all, they had just slept all night in the same bed- had even cuddled a bit. But Sherlock appeared perfectly normal, bustling around the kitchen, doing five things at once, preparing to head out.
“Perhaps it would have been,” Sherlock said wistfully, his eyes fading out as he retreated back into his thoughts.
“M.” That could only be one person. If Mary was in direct contact with Moriarty, he couldn’t stay here. To hell with second chances. They were done.
“You were unarmed! He could have killed you, Sherlock! Do you understand that? Do you understand what could have happened tonight? What it would have done to me?” That last part slipped out before John could stop himself. Sherlock stopped in his tracks and turned to look him directly in the eye.
Thanks to everyone who answered my question in the comments last time! I really appreciated all that feedback and input <3
Anger boiled in his stomach as he came to his conclusion. When Sherlock returned from his case, he would most certainly make it crystal clear to him that he did not need to be coddled like this.
The rest of his breathless greeting trailed off as they rushed to the middle of the floor and enveloped each other in a bone-crushing hug.
“Exactly,” Sherlock said. John could tell from his voice that pieces were coming together in his mind. “Gina favored Christine. That much was obvious. She never would have wanted to give her up. My guess is that she sacrificed her second born in hopes that it would suffice.”
He opened his closet door and shoves his clothes to the side, clearing a space in the far back corner. Reaching down, he removed the three spare comforters covering the box he was trying to reach, and pulled it out into the room.
“I’m sorry. For everything. I’ve been keeping things from you since I moved back in and put us both in danger, and it was so stupid of me. And I’m sorry.”
She stuck her hand out, and Sherlock and John each shook it in turn. In the living room, two policemen were tearing through what looked like a box of family albums. One of them fell, and pictures scattered everywhere
His knees went weak, and if he wasn’t about to drown, he most likely would have collapsed. Sherlock landed in the water with a splash.
“Well, because . . . you know.” Sherlock’s eyes told him he did not. “You look, well, rather amazing tonight.” He blushed and looked down. When he got no reply, he cautiously rose his gaze back up to find Sherlock smiling radiantly down at him like he was the sun.
“Sherlock, lo-” A brief panic in his chest halted his words. He couldn’t deny that the word “love” was just about to roll off his tongue with ease. But now wasn’t the time to contemplate why it had felt so natural to say that.
Sherlock first suggested calling Lestrade to handle the burnt down building, but John gently told him he probably wouldn’t appreciate receiving that phone call: “Oh hey Gavin, hope you’re well. By the way, we’ve just burned down a mansion about four hours from London. Could you take care of that for us? Thanks.”
John's gaze followed her momentarily. He did worry slightly of the gossip that was inevitably about to travel through the whole ship, but decided in a moment that he did not care. He was with Sherlock now and that's all that mattered. As he began to redirect his gaze back to Sherlock, his eyes skimmed past Victor. Standing slightly behind and to the left of Sherlock, teeth on edge, zeroing a red hot, murderous glare directly in on him.
John sat against a wall outside Sherlock’s room and waited. The sun finally peeked out from behind a cloud and helped dry him off a bit. He, too, was shivering, but he hadn’t been in the water nearly as long and could handle it. Inside, he could barely hear Victor fussing over Sherlock and barking obvious orders at everyone. And Sherlock, of course, being as difficult a patient as possible. John heard his name mentioned a few times, followed by some yelling and what sounded like protesting.
John’s phone rang in his pocket. He fished it out in a hurry, hoping it was Sherlock only to be disappointed: Unknown number. He answered anyway.
“No, actualIy. I regret never finding out, though,” Evans said thoughtfully, as if he were talking about how he should’ve tried skydiving when he had the chance.
Suddenly another strong force pushed this thing off of him. The chains fell back down to his chest and the invisible hand left his throat. He touched his neck where the skin broke and gasped for breath.
Mary sighed and turned away. She’d once given him everything and he left her behind so easily. She’d built so much for herself here without him.
He found Sherlock gazing back up at him with a warm smile. He let his head fall back onto the pillow, his eyes growing misty with affection, as he realized what that smile meant.
At the same time, they leaned in, their lips barely grazing. Sherlock gasped at the contact. After a moment of adjustment, their lips slowly closed around each other.
John grinned and glanced down at the pockets. Sherlock immediately caught on and dove in. After fumbling around a bit in various pockets, he pulled out a small, green piece of paper.
John shrugged one shoulder. “Falling prey to sentiment. You pride yourself on being so above it all. And . . . you seemed pretty disappointed just now.”
John could very clearly see her knowing smirk. She knew why he had left her. More specifically she knew what he had left her for, and what he wanted in his new life with Sherlock.
“Your brother. . .” came John’s voice, sounding irritated and bemused at the same time. Sherlock’s smile instantly fell as he turned around. “. . . is the most ridiculous person I’ve ever met,” John finished.
His mind began to cloud as he felt Sherlock continue to fumble at his feet. Didn’t feel like he was making much progress. If his eyes were open, there would surely be black spots dancing in his vision by now.
A moment of still silence followed his words. Sherlock’s hands had stopped rubbing him and now laid rested on his arms. John shivered and clutched the blanket tighter as a cold breeze rushed past them.
“I was supposed to have a fresh batch of cookies ready for you, Sherlock. We were all going to have snack together before you two continued on your way,” she said as they headed back inside.
“That will do for now,” the doctor offered, reaching out and cupping Sherlock’s cheek. “No more attitude or I can take this case away from you. Understood?”
"Bollocks are so handy," Irene commented. "They're so out there, begging to be abused." She started rummaging through the trunk. "See, this is exactly what I mean." She held up a ball crusher for Eurus to look at."
The younger man nodded, rather dejectedly. He hadn’t managed to wind the Dom up with his little performance. Most Doms - professional or not - would have caned him already, lack of proper address, lack of kneeling, the glaring, but all he got was a soft, calm… army doctor; judging by his posture even with a cane.
“Yes, sir,” Sherlock whispered. He didn’t like being near this room, this was the room he’d spent a whole day in. Alone. The thought of that made a shiver shoot up his spine.
John busied himself with preparing a sandwich for the both of them and chopping up some more fruit while Sherlock leant against him, perfectly content to trace patterns on the Dom’s shoe with his finger.
John slid out from beneath him and he groaned again, then turned to grab a pillow rather than the Dom. He punched it a few times before grabbing it in a death grip and hiding his face in it. Like that would solve the problem of his Dom stood right beside him.
“Kneel up straight!” John barked. “I thought you were more than aware what your present position was.”
“It's why I went outside the restaurant, sir, I knew whoever it was still had her phone. Maybe she dropped it. Maybe she planted it. Either way the killer has the phone. Any normal person who might have come across that message would ignore it, but the killer…” He laughed once. “Oh, the killer would panic and he did.” He had been surprised Mycroft hadn’t deduced what was going on with him. He knew that there was no way Greg wouldn't have mentioned it and, even if he hadn't, the government official tended to know everything about him.
Sherlock tried to lean his head back, but as soon as he had done it he heard his brother whimper and straightened up again. He couldn't move, neither of them could move without the other suffering. Irene was winning already and by the sound of it they had barely begun.
"Snap your fingers to safeword, Sherlock," John ordered from the door. When all his sub did was glare at him, he rolled his eyes. "Thought not."
Finn made a face. "I'll do it, but I won't like it." He have Sherlock an excited look. "Will you get married today?"
“Crawl over here and sit between my legs. On your way, pick up my stick and the suitcase you disobeyed me for.”
With that, the doctor slammed the door shut. Sherlock's head leant back to thud against the door in annoyance.
Irene picked up the riding crop, though she didn't intend to use it yet. She just enjoyed the reaction she invariably got when she flexed it and sliced the air with it.
John frowned. "I don't want a toy to play with, even if we use that kind of language, babe. I want you. All of you. I want your body and your amazing brain engaged in this, otherwise it's no fun for me either."
Sherlock looked up at his Dom and made a point of thinking about it, despite knowing he hadn't met her. He hadn't even heard the name. Dom's, especially female ones tended to stick in his Mind Palace. He could only think of one.
"Yes, sir," Sherlock whispered, his eyes squeezed shut as he tried to stretch out his knee and foot. John was bent over the man they'd apprehended and couldn't see him. He hadn't seen him slip and trip before he had lunged at the suspect and his leg was screaming at him. Screaming at him for being so stupid as to lunge for someone clearly too far away.
Mycroft couldn't help the eye roll that he gave at that and Irene noticed it. "I don't want to see that,” she complained. “I need a blindfold for him."
“This is a control plug, you'll get nothing but discomfit from it. Try as you might, it will not reach your prostate. Trust me on that.”
"Ugh," Sherlock groaned coming to his senses. He blinked, wondering why he couldn't see anything and realised the room must have been black.
When he didn’t do that either, John realised the fact that his looming over the younger man from the height of the couch probably wasn’t helping matters, especially with the head space that Sherlock was currently in.
“There was, yeah. I was um…” he turned his head away, not wanting to speak about it anymore. He wanted to talk to talk to him, he wanted to believe he could trust him. He’d been there when Wilkes had gone too far. He’d looked after him and not punished him like he believed he deserved but there was something. Something inconceivable that wouldn’t let him. It hadn’t even been 3 weeks and he’d let the Dom get too close to him.
John and Sherlock stayed in the Dom's office for several hours. Eventually it was clear that the sub was exhausted and he'd fallen asleep knelt against John's leg.
I know it's been a crazy long time! This chapter isn't as long as normal but I needed to be done with it!
Aware he’d already said he’d cooperate, Sherlock raised his hands and was unsurprised when his wrists locked together behind his head. He was surprised when John stood behind him and wrapped a piece of rope(?), by the feel of it, against his fingers, around the gap between his wrists and the D ring on his collar.
“Thank you, sir,” he replied immediately, working his jaw for a moment while trying to get his mouth wet. It hadn't been on long, but gags always dried his mouth up, one of the reason he really didn't like them. As well as the whole no speaking thing.
"You know what I think." Mycroft turned his head away, refusing to look at her. Enjoy your victory while you may."
Sherlock looked at the ceiling as if that would help him justify how this man was such a moron. Instead, he rolled his eyes, letting him continue.
“You forget, you have to ask permission for that anyway, boy.” John said it casually, like it was an everyday thing. “So you would have had to wake me up whether you were tied to the bed or not. As for tomorrow we will start your routine then. You will be awake at 7 o’clock, see you in the morning. And do not forget the buzzer, it is your safe word throughout the night.”
The doctor continued to watch his boy, surprised with how well he was staying still. "Don't move, pet," he said as he removed his hand from the back of Sherlock's head.
Greg smiled up at him, it seemed Mycroft had drifted back to sleep again, his head resting in his lap.
Irene took that for the compliment that it was then watched as Eurus settled at the side of the room again. "You are going to thank me for this, doggie," the Dominatrix ordered.
Sherlock glared at him and was trying as hard as he could to not lose his temper. He would not lose it before this Dom lost his.
Mycroft nodded and waited for John to join him. The doctor hesitated a moment, but if there was a chance Greg could help, he'd let him.
"I was fed up of you not taking your lifestyle seriously. It's clear you've learnt how important it is to give in to your submissive side now. I trust that won't change. So it's no longer a case of me wanting you here if you don't want to be here."
“I do!” Sherlock's words were spoken around the fingers in his mouth, but they were clearly understandable.
The doctor nodded once. "Sherlock, I know you seem to think that being yourself isn't a good idea. But it's what I want."
Two chains dangled from the posture collar with nipple clamps on the ends. John casually reached out and closed them on Sherlock's pink nubs. It helped complete the picture somehow.
He waited another full minute before getting to his feet and glancing around the room. With a huff, he went straight out the door...
Mycroft watched his brother for a moment, and it didn't take long for him to figure out what Sherlock's idea was.
“Of course, Doctor Watson.” With a nod the car drove around the side of the mansion, towards the garages.
"I was expecting a rant, pet," John offered when they were settled in the back of his car. "Home please, George." John had had his driver collect them rather than wait around for a cab. Sherlock seemed to be the only one of the pair who could materialise a cab from nowhere and there was something going on there.
The next morning, the detective woke to find himself completely wrapped around his Dom. When he caught his Dom's eye he blushed bright red. "I’m sorry, sir," he stuttered.
Mycroft did as he was told, then looked in the mirror. He had to admit the image he was presented with wasn't all bad. If Greg liked it... well, then, all the better.
The detective's face had flushed a bright red and the colour was creeping down his chest. He would have been making pleading sounds, but he was biting the gag to help himself stay silent. He found himself slipping into subspace, but didn't want to be. He tried to shift to see if he could make John move, but it didn't work.
"Yes, sir," he sighed softly, reluctantly, burrowing his head into John's trousers and breathing in the familiar smell.
John caught his husband by the arm and pulled him close. “You really are a magnificent father, you know that?”
John sighed, he reached across and cupped Sherlock's cheek. “I know you did. I'm not mad at you for that.”
"Of course you will. You'll either apologise now and beg for the gag, or you'll do it later. I promise you."
The government official snorted. "Crazy is stopping her." He laughed softly. "I shouldn't have said that."
Sighing, the detective twisted the case about slightly and sprung up the stairs. He flew into the flat to find his brother sat in his favourite chair.
The doctor grinned at it and waved it in front of Sherlock's face. "What do you think, boy? Is this you? Do you enjoy the camouflage? You know, one day it could save your life."
Mycroft let out a sigh of relief. He wasn't as trusting of his sister as Sherlock was for some reason seemed to be.
As soon as Sherlock put on his coat, the doctor took his hand and pulled him along. He had decided he needed to be very clear with Sherlock, but it didn’t seem like enough. He couldn’t put a halt to this side of the relationship or Sherlock would believe he had done something wrong. Again. He hated this Sherlock, but it was better than no Sherlock at all.
"How... disappointing to see you again," Sherlock spat. "I had hoped my sister would keep you occupied longer, give you some of what you deserve."
John closed his eyes and nodded once, then he realised that was exactly how this could be fixed. He had to be specific with Sherlock, and the three of them just had to act normally around him. Act like nothing had happened. "I'm sorry, pet. I should have made myself clear. Get in with us after you pass around the beers, then come sit next to me."
“Very well. I have no idea where that is but that’s fine. Now bring that case to me properly and talk me through what you did to get it and why it was so important that you left me stranded miles away.”
John knocked on the door to the lab, waiting for his sub’s call. Part of him did wonder if Sherlock would just pretend to not hear it, or worse yet, outrightly ignore it.
Slowly, Sherlock lowered himself down, more than aware that it was what John was no doubt after. He distinctly felt the chain get tied to the bench and pulled taught. Now he daren't move. If he did, it would hurt beyond belief. He could already feel the strain in his back. It would only get worse.
Finn had got the game and put it on the coffee table. He was sat on the floor and Mycroft had dragged Sherlock’s chair over next to him.
Sherlock scrambled to his feet and was racing out the door, when he heard the usual magnetic click of John’s box and his arms snapped together behind his back, successfully gaining the sub’s attention.
Greg shrugged. "I don't care, it's not me that's uncomfortable. I'd get Mycroft in here to watch if he wasn't asleep like a good boy."
"Eurus," the detective husked out, "please don't." He couldn't bear the thought of Mycroft being restrained so, just for Irene to whip his cock even more.
Sherlock shook at the mere thought of that experience. “That sounds pleasant, sir,” he replied with clear sarcasm.
“Sherlock didn’t do that to him,” John felt the need to defend his sub as he quietly gathered up the case papers that were still strewn across the coffee table.
Sherlock realised there and then why John was so mad with him as to punish him before their first meal together. It wasn’t just because he attempted to run off. He was worried he would have hurt himself. The level of guilt inside Sherlock’s chest increased thrice fold and his shoulders slouched.
He nodded, jerkily. “I know, sir. I’m starting to get that… It’s just… hard.” He struggled for the right word, clearly something he wasn’t used to struggling with… words.
Sherlock frowned but didn't speak, all his attention was focused on being good. He almost laughed. He'd make a competition of it: who could behave the best, him or Mycroft? So far he was clearly winning over his brother. Laughing would be bad and raise questions he didn't want to answer, instead he held his emotions in check.
In a way, Sherlock was kind of looking forward to it, it was far longer than the current plug in his arse. John had said a matter of hours ago that the one he was currently wearing was only a control plug, it had no bearing on the sub's pleasure.
"No, sir," Sherlock whispered softly. He gasped in surprise when John bent and kissed him. It had been the absolute last thing he had expected.
Sherlock paused, blinked dumbly before dropping to his knees as John wiggled out from beneath him and got to his feet.
"Not a thing," John said, all innocence. "Although we have been watching the Sarah Jane Adventures together. I know he's young, but-" He paused. "You have absolutely no idea what I'm talking about."
John watched his sub for a while and then sighed. He wasn't going to just take the Dom's word for it apparently. He looked like all subs did when they needed to be punished for something.
“Yes, sir. I understand.” Of course John wouldn’t leave the room without the secure knowledge the padlocked leash was not coming away from the bed.
“You better show enthusiasm when you suck me,” John told him, twisting his fingers around, feeling the inside of his jaw. He knew Sherlock could suck cock and he could do it well, it was only a bit of perfecting that was needed, but he had a feeling Sherlock might deliberately play down his abilities, despite having sucked John before.
Huffing through the gag, the detective knelt, further annoyed when the Dom joined his cuffs together behind his back and joined his feet. John poked and prodded his position until he was knelt upright perfectly, back as straight as possible.
“You’ve signed the contract, boy. You have your safe word and you have the contract word.” If Sherlock ever said the contract word, he would phone Mycroft straight away, but somehow he knew deep down that Sherlock wouldn’t say it. He may have just been in trouble, but he was starting to settle in.
“What if I don’t choose either? I could just walk out of here.” It wasn't like this man was a Dom, he couldn't stop him by way of an order, and despite the man's build, the detective was sure he could carry him in a fight, genius and youth would win out even if Sherlock didn't.
He pressed him back down over the table while he dealt with the dildo and located the control plug. It felt small compared to what Sherlock had just accommodated and it didn't give him that spark either. He kicked out at the table in complaint.
No one else seemed to be freaking out or panicking so maybe this was a drill? Either way, he was intrigued to see what kind of drill it would be, what with armed men supposedly innocent inside Canary Wharf.
Ben’s hand was back in his hair as he snapped his head back, leaving his throat and chin open to anyone’s mercy – especially two psycho power heavy Doms.
Well, it wasn’t to make the doctor feel guilty, Sherlock realised that was the last thing he wanted.
“Good boy. Go to the kitchen. Crawl. When you get there, put the kettle on and fill the flask. It’s in the cupboard in the corner by the fridge.”
He followed the sound to the source. The door to the bedroom was already cracked open, so he eased it open a bit further, creating a soft creak. Leah immediately looked up from where she was sitting on the bed.
They were playing good songs, he thought. Oldies, classics. Songs that the people of this party’s age group would recognize and reminisce in.
“Yeah,” John breathed just loud enough for him to hear. He exhaled heavily and closed his eyes. The door creaked open just enough for Sherlock to peak his head inside.
It comforted him immensely to know that he would be there with him the whole time. And that he would be by his side through this mess. This simple gesture reminded him of that, and caused his anxiety about the meeting to instantly vanish.
"Come, John! Mrs. Hudson's flat!" The man flew out the door without waiting for John, all thoughts of leaving the flat without his coat and scarf gone.
He directed his light to the Hebrew letters carved into the floor, the same way “Christine” was scratched into the cellar wall.
When John Watson agreed to go out on a cruise boat with some of his old military mates, he was hoping for a relaxing summer holiday weekend with beer, sun, and swapping old war stories. So when the massive pirate ship pulled up to their cruise boat, it was not the most pleasant turn of events. When his friends were all held at gunpoint while he was gagged and manhandled onto the ship, he simply thought, I just can’t get a break, can I. Yet deep down there was an underlying thirst to feel this kind of adrenaline again, and a burning curiosity to see where this would take him.
repeated all around them, covering every screen in England. Both dread and exhilaration filled her stomach. Jim Moriarty was alive. He was alive all this time and he never contacted her. The betrayal stung like a slap.
John looked up into Moriarty’s empty, black eyes in defiance. He was not afraid. He chose this and would rather die than sacrifice his dignity and spite Sherlock’s memory by working for this despicable man.
Sherlock chuckled warmly and pulled him back in by the waist. “Well, it was nice of her to provide us with some post-sex snacks, don’t you think?”
The boy rotated his shoulders back and forth in a little dance, both for Sherlock’s amusement and to appease the roaring rugby team that would no doubt give him hell later.
Sherlock began stroking the back of John’s hand with his thumb affectionately, and their smiles widened. Yes, it clearly didn’t matter to Sherlock either. He had said earlier that a simple dinner date would do. All he wanted was to spend time together, just like John. And now here they were, both partially getting their wish no matter how the scavenger hunt ended up going.
All the lanterns in the hallway and living room had already set fire to the rest of the house. John began coughing into his sleeve when smoke got in his lungs.
Suddenly, Sherlock dismissed himself to make tea for the three of them. John noticed that something was off in the way he had launched out of his chair and retreated to the kitchen. He offered to help and followed him, leaving Mary alone to be entertained by the television.
“Not anymore. You’re done.” Black spots danced in John’s peripheral vision as he struggled to release his arms from Jackson and Bolt, with no success. His head began to buzz from lightheadedness as he lost vision quickly. Right when he was about to pass out, Victor released his throat. He sucked in a lungful of air desperately.
And there were many, many other photos John couldn’t look at, because he was running on sensitive time and he could feel his heart beginning to constrict at the memories.
For the detective it was yet another opportunity to work out where the Dom lived ruined. Would he ever know?
"That's why I intend to stay on her good side. But answer time this, Ice Man, what's it like not being in control?"
"Not a good idea," Irene shook her head, hoping she had said enough to persuade Eurus out of it but not too much as to piss her off.
The little boy's brand of logic made Sherlock smile. “Very well, but that's the last thing we're getting.” He suspected he had already been far too indulgent.
Spotting the Dom, Sherlock pushed himself to his knees, his hands taking the more uncomfortable position behind his head.
The blond dragged him down the stairs and out into the car that had pulled up at the curb. The doctor pulled him down onto his lap rather than beside him or even on the floor.
He had wanted to catch the door without the girl noticing but that plan hadn't been feasible. Sighing he ran his hand up the inside of the door, over the keyhole. The keyhole he couldn't pick. He'd never found a lock he couldn't get through, even Mycroft had failed.
"Well, I wasn't disapproving of you putting eggs on your salad. If you like them, you should have them, but I really don't like them on my salad. I think they're gross. I was trying to be silly and play with you, but I messed up. Can you understand that?" He shook his head.
John held his finger up to halt him in his tracks. He didn’t want his sub to say something that he wouldn’t be able to let go unpunished. He could say that but at a distance from the younger man. Setting a bad example and all that.
Mycroft had stopped fighting the moment his sister entered the cell with Sherlock. He berated himself for having strayed from the plan.
Sherlock wanted nothing more than to glance at Mycroft, but he couldn't see him from where he was. John, however, could.
“Come on, babe,” he took his coat and slipped into it. “We can walk around the gardens at the top of the hill.”
He paled, then turned bright red with fury. "You can't do this kind of thing! You knew it was going to happen. You should have let us go!!"
Before Sherlock could complain anymore the screen that was on the console spun around in front of him, reams of data or it.
“Down!” John barked. His brother had said that Sherlock had always been close to his violin, he acted as though it was sentient and his best friend.
When Sherlock placed Rosie in John's arms she fought and struggled until the doctor put her down. Then she charged at the two Holmeses and wrapped her little arms around their legs.
"Yes, sir, for being rude and not addressing you properly." He gave the reason before John had to ask for it.
"You know coadoption is going to be difficult," Sherlock said randomly over Finn's head. He was satisfied the boy would have no idea what they were talking about.
The new position made the burning, cramping discomfort in Sherlock's gut even more pronounced. He knew he should stop fighting so he could get some relief, but he couldn't seem to make himself. It was like he couldn't stop himself.
He took Sherlock to the other side of the room where there was a quilt on the floor on the rug beside the bed. He’d set it up after long deliberation while tidying the house. “You’ll sleep there.”
At that, Sherlock protested quite vocally. If he wanted to go to his Mind Palace, he bloody well would. It wasn't like he could see anything else to entertain himself with.
“Would you be more comfortable if I were to undo those?” he indicated his wrists and Sherlock nodded sheepishly, distantly unaware at what caused his hesitance. “If you trust me to untie you and nothing else, raise your hands up a bit.”
“I'm in no way abandoning you, you are still my submissive. The contract is still valid, but when you're out of here you will be punished, Sherlock. And it'll be far worse than jogging up the street, are we clear on that?”
"Right," John said critically. "It doesn't have anything to do with the mess of an experiment I found on the kitchen table?"
John snorted. “I wasn't gay when I said that,” he made it sound like he'd turned being gay off and on like a flick of a switch but they both knew Sherlock had something to do with it.
He continued to watch his sub for a moment. He seemed to be in his element here, knew what he was doing and how he was going to do it. He sniffed and then shook his head before leaning over the body, getting a closer look. He examined her much in the way Sherlock had but he was sure he hadn’t picked up on anywhere near as much detail as his sub had.
“Before you get dressed,” John took Sherlock to the bathroom by the hand and removed the tip from the hollow sound still in his cock, “pee.”
The sub took a few deep breaths and brushed his cheek against the fabric of the Dom’s suit trousers. “You’ve seen the news, sir, you know about the serial suicides…”
"No." Sherlock gave himself a shake to dispel his childhood memories. "That's one thing she never did."
“That’s right, sir. I thought of all the places within about five minutes of the body and only tried the ones big enough for a car.”
“Does this mean I don't have a Dom now?” The younger Holmes asked, climbing into the back seat. Mycroft had referred to the missed calls as from 'his Dom', but that didn't make any sense, he'd been charged. The contract was void.
"He's convinced being himself is what upset you and made you want to leave. He knows he can't live without you. He's doing what he can to stop that from happening," Mycroft explained.
The Superintendent had it pressed into Sherlock's mouth and buckled in place in moments. "Now we leave him here. I've had enough." It was safe enough, there was a camera in this room like there was in all the playrooms. They could monitor him for safety from anywhere in the house.
He quickly dismissed the idea of getting a cab, deciding he would be quicker on foot. He raced towards the nearest alley he knew and then paused, looking around, he planned his route in his Mind Palace, not even bothering to think through the consequences.
"John, mmph-" the detective's words were cut off as the doctor shoved the gag in his mouth once again. He couldn't help but smile to himself, Sherlock hadn't even fought it.
John sighed, realising that to him it seemed like a massive over reaction, but to Sherlock it seemed like his brother was mocking him.
"Uh uh, open them, pet," Sherlock said, slapping John's cheek lightly. And without further ado, placed his hand at the base of his cock and squeezed.
“You aren’t to move. Or I will punish you again,” the doctor threatened, watching as slowly Sherlock started to breathe in and out with a more natural rhythm. “That’s better. See? Panic averted,” he kissed his sub on the side of the head but Sherlock couldn’t focus on John right now, he caught sight of his brother. “Mycroft-“
Sherlock groaned and lowered his head down to rest on his cuffed wrists. It couldn't have been comfortable, given the posture collar, but he didn't complain.
Sherlock pulled his head away and backed up to stand. John sighed, but was more than prepared, in fact he was surprised it had taken the detective as long as it had before he rebelled again.
“Sit up, Freak,” Donovan ordered as she entered the room, her heels clacking on the floor. She had clearly forgotten John's warning from earlier in the day, either that or she didn't care now he wasn't here to enforce it. She dropped her notebook on the desk, in front of Sherlock's head. He realised he'd been lucky Greg had gotten rid of her in the car on the way over, but if Donovan was working the case, he stood no chance.
“Can you let go of me, beautiful?” he asked softly when the crying had slowed down to a much calmer pace.
"If they don't, they should." Greg had a clamp in his hand from which dangled a weighted chain. He held it up for Mycroft to see. "Guess where this is going."
"No you're not. Sherlock!" Mycroft's voice was raised as he struggled to free himself from the cuffs.
John carried him all the way upstairs and paused in his bedroom, lowering him to the bed. He pulled a shirt and suit from the cupboard and placed it on the bed beside the younger man.
"Don't complain about fair or I'll get a pen and play connect the dots with your freckles just for the hell of it."
Sherlock looked away. “Look, it doesn’t matter. He was a twat. I wanted out from everything. And I did for 4 days.” He was still incredibly proud of himself for that, he didn't know if Mycroft had got involved with the hunt to find him but even if he hadn't, hiding from John with all his gadgets and Dom skills was impressive enough.
"There's no rhyme or reason to where they appear." He dashed to the door and out onto the street. There, he saw several of the apparitions. "But the timing is intriguing," he said to no one in particular.
Flinching, the sub looked down at the floor, but he failed to turn back to the corner. "Please, sir," he tried one more time. "I'll be good."
John cradled him to his chest like he might disappear at any moment. “You were such a good boy for me tonight, Sherlock. Do you know that?”
The sub's eyes darted up, blinking slightly at the light, and met the older man's. He seemed calm. At peace with the situation for a change.
With practiced ease, John removed his sub’s feet from the bench and cuffed them together. Then he pulled his feet up to meet his hands and used his belt to keep them there.
"Well… there was an incident here a few years ago. These two turned up, thinking they could fool me."
Benjamin looked around, as if anything nearby could be of any assistance to him, nothing could, not now, doubtful ever again with the DI of NSY there.
Mycroft had knelt back, looking away from Greg towards John. He had clearly read what the younger Dom was thinking.
"Ah, ah, ah," John chided him. "If Greg and I decide to go sight seeing or something and leave Mycroft in charge, you'll have to do everything he tells you, pet."
Mycroft did something brilliant with his tongue and John had to work hard no to come then and there.
When Eurus crouched down to tighten them up uncomfortably, she realised her little big brother had done them as tight as possible already. She stood up incredibly slowly, without saying a word. Silence lingered in the room for several seconds before she grasped a handful of Sherlock's curls and used them to fling him to the side. "You're here to entertain me!"
Mycroft watched as the doctor dragged Sherlock from the sitting room. He hadn't realised his jaw had dropped until Greg tapped it shut.
At 27 seconds John came, hard down the back of Sherlock's throat. He held the boy by the curls while he coughed and swallowed.
Sherlock slowly glanced up at the doctor in front of him and blinked. John was smiling and the detective realised that was the first time he had seen him do so. “Thank you, sir.”
Sherlock shook his head this time, but John wasn't paying attention anymore. He began wheeling the pin wheel back over Sherlock's cock.
As soon as enough time had passed to make their point, Greg and the Superintendent approached the kneeling man, rope in hand and started making a rope harness.
The Dom ran his hand through the curls in front of him. “Good boy,” he dropped his voice to barely a whisper. He took his phone from him and slipped it in to his pocket. “Hand’s behind your head.” Sherlock’s head jerked up at that, but the doctor smiled reassuringly. “You’re not in trouble, pet, I promise.”
John shook his head. Really, as a switch, Greg should know better. The Dom reached down as is he was about to wrap his fingers around the Superintendent's cock, then paused and only placed the pad of his finger against the tip.
“So? No one gives a fuck. My brother's disappeared and my Dom... well I don't even know what he must think of me right now.”
Sherlock hadn’t failed to notice the cane he heavily relied upon, the Dom had used it the last time his brother had practically dragged him into the same room as the blond. The difference was, this time, the older man stopped whilst stood, therefore Sherlock had also not failed to notice that he barely leant on it at all. He was about to comment on it, but was frozen in his tracks by the Dom before he could.
He briefly wondered what a professional Dom earned for a contract with a sub. Could he become a professional sub, teach Doms how to do it properly? What would John say if he was to ask that?
“Panic is a reaction in a sub caused by a lack of understand or a bad memory or… no sign of help or assistance. Talking to you about my bad memories has been helping me come to terms with them. They don’t worry me anymore, at least not like they used to. Plus, you're here, so what else is there to worry about?”
“Yes you did.” John juggled the ice creams and handed the little boy his. Finn took it and hugged the doctor's legs.
He kept his eyes lowered, partly through trying to show John he wasn't being deliberately bratty and partly because he didn't want to see what was going to happen.
"Kneel there," the Dom ordered pointing at the floor. He stood and slipped from the kitchen, walked to the playroom and peeked in. Seeing that everything was fine, he went back to Mycroft and called him into the living room. "Stay on your knees, boy," he added as the older man went to get to his feet.
Sherlock froze, but stopped himself from questioning the older man. It was Mycroft who was in trouble at the moment, not him, and he quite liked being the centre of attention when that attention wasn’t wielding a crop or paddle. So instead, he smiled and poured tea into the 4 mugs.
As soon as they were within range, Sherlock tried to radio for information about their family only to find the radio had been sabotaged.
They returned carefully back to the table with their drinks, John kissing the top of Sherlock’s head in passing.
John dropped his palm down on the detective’s arse, successfully cutting him off. “This was about calming you down. The paddling you’re about to receive is the punishment.” The doctor was most surprised that Sherlock didn’t start thrashing around again, or at least offering some argument.
John knew he should interrupt his sub but he was keen to find out how Greg dealt with him, he was frustrated, that was plain to see but he was such a natural Dom it didn’t seem to matter.
Whilst Eurus was thinking about the question, Mycroft sneered. "Little sister, have you told Irene what happened to the last person with whom you had sex?"
Sherlock realised by the following day there was a pattern to the ghost-like things appearing. The timings were identical to the day before, John hadn't seemed to notice, and he planned to keep it that way.
Realising he hadn’t made his situation any better - he rarely did - Sherlock did the smartest thing he had done all day and fell to his knees, not being able to meet his Dom’s eye.
But what about cases? Sherlock immediately thought about it. How could he run around chasing criminals with a plug deep up his arse?
John grinned wickedly. "After we have that shower, I have an idea for the ice cream." He grasped Sherlock by the nape and steered him back towards the house.
John glanced up from his cooking to see the spectre focused on him. It was a creepy feeling. "Um, yeah. I think you have a point. I'll cook later."
John, carefully watching so as not to actually harm his pet, twisted Sherlock around a bit, winding him around and around until there was just enough pressure on his cock for him to yelp, then he let him go and watched him unwind.
The detective scooped the little boy up and let him sit on his hip. "What do you think, Finn? Do you want to be a ring bearer?"
friends. They had done everything together as children, but had gone slightly different paths since they’d grown.
"My submissive has something he wishes to say to you, Sherlock," Greg informed him, trying a slight smile. He tugged Mycroft's collar sharply. "Speak, boy, before I change my mind and spank you in front of your little brother."
As slowly as was humanly possible, the younger man unbuttoned his trousers and let them fall to the floor in a puddle around his feet. Knowing Mycroft as well as he did, he wouldn’t let his little brother dress in cheap clothes, especially not whilst living with him. John, therefore knew that his trousers were just as expensive as his own if not more so. It angered the Dom the way Sherlock had left them in a heap at his feet. He pointed at them and waited until the sub got the hint. The younger man picked them up and shook them once in the Dom’s face before throwing them over the baseboard of the bed, he hadn’t taken his eyes off the blond as if he was trying to prove a point.
Sherlock picked the boy up. They had something to discuss and now seemed a good time even if it hadn't felt like it before. “It's fine dad. We've got him.”
“And you love him, which is why you are trying to be this perfect boy. Even Mycroft isn’t perfect all the time.”
“I’m on it, Mycroft!” he snapped back, not ready to face the anger of the older Holmes whilst the younger one was in Panic in the corner and already hurt.
"Sir, I apologise, I was…" he didn't know what to say, he had been expecting to be cut off. "I'm sorry, sir."
Sherlock didn’t move or even acknowledge that the Dom had spoken. Apparently whatever he was doodling with his finger was a far more important use of his time.
"No, pet," John whispered, running his hand through his curls. "This needs to happen, and this needs to happen now."
“Yes, sir,” he sighed. He had his breath back at last and spun the camera around again to face the pavement.
The sub jerked his head slightly, not willing to offer anymore submission at that point. And his arse was stinging a bit already, he also knew damn well that the Dom would give him another 20.
Meeting with Mycroft had been awful. He’d sat there trying his hardest to not look smug and failing. It wasn’t until Greg had walked in that the look was wiped from the older Holmes’ face. Like he knew it was wrong.
He sighed dramatically, but nodded. "Fine. That one, that one and those two. But can we still eat it all together?" Sherlock asked hopefully.
John tightened his grip. “When I tell you to do something or not to do something. You obey me. Are we clear on that?”
Sherlock wasn’t listening to the other sub, he was glancing around, taking in their surroundings and whatever they could offer as an answer to whatever had happened here.
Walking for a picnic with his Dom was not something he had been expecting this morning when he’d woken up.
The next person to show up was Mycroft. On sight of his Dom, the government official bowed his head, feeling incredibly bad for the younger two men. Greg indicated the lift and together the three of them ascended to the DI's office.
The detective scooped him up and dumped him on his shoulders. “I know. Now are we going to play with your truck before uncle Mycroft gets back?”
“Very well,” John led him across the room and pressed him down over the bed. “Can you hold your hands behind your back or do I need to activate the cuffs?”
Finn wriggled out of Sherlock’s grasp and ran into the living room, bored with the serious adult talk that was going on.
Sherlock leapt to his feet and started to charge Irene, but the guard with the gun intervened, firing a tranquillising dart into him when he got too close to the Dominatrix.
“Now!” John barked. “And you’d better get back to addressing me properly, you’ve already added 20 to your tally today and now that is an extra 5. That corner is the least of your worries.”
John was gone a few seconds and had him in his sight the whole time so there was no way he was going to be stupid enough to attempt the door again. He looked drained of energy if nothing else.
He smiled when Sherlock dropped to his knees, his hands going behind his head. The boy was definitely learning. At long last.
“I’m not back on the drugs, Myc, I promise. I got out by the way,” Sherlock changed the subject. “Your little lock me in trick was a pain in the arse but I got out through the roof and before you say anything, yes, I was punished, it was almost worse than that blasted paddle of Greg’s with the holes in.”
This time, Greg wasn't driving. Beth sat to his left and Amy sat to his right. They were intent on spending as much time with him as they could.
Content his sub had drank enough for the moment, John set about removing the vibrator from inside him, then the clamps, then he started on the cock rope, unravelling it.
“It’s alright, Sherlock, I believe you. You wouldn’t lie to me, not anymore.” He looked Benjamin up and down. “And the bloody nose?” he nearly looked to Sherlock but the blond Dom intervened.
At that, the government official rolled his eyes. It wasn't like this was their first time playing. Not only that, but he was experienced as a Dom, he didn't need to be told such things.
"Fair point," the doctor acknowledged. He opened the door to the bedroom, the one with the huge bed, then crossed over and pulled back the covers so Greg could slide Mycroft into bed.
“Good behaviour gets rewards.” The look on Sherlock’s face said he clearly didn’t trust what had just happened. “Ask me nicely and I’ll get you a cushion.”
That was how they ended up how they were now. Sherlock was curled up on the floor, his head resting on his Dom’s shoes as he dozed, and John worked. He was fully clothed in his usual shirt and a pair of trousers. He wasn’t wearing pants though, at John’s direction, and he wasn’t wearing socks because John had commented on how much he liked his pet’s feet. He was also still connected to his leash, because of the worried look that had flashed across his face when John had tried to remove it. The look hadn’t been more than a flutter, but, of course, the Dom hadn’t missed it and was more than willing to keep hold of the other end.
“Kneel, pet,” Sherlock was more than willing to comply. He sunk to his knees at the doctor’s feet, his hands moving around behind him to grasp one wrist with the other.
As if the answer was obvious the cabbie replied, “There’s a good bottle and a bad bottle. You take the pill from the good bottle, you live; take the pill from the bad bottle, you die.”
John smiled slightly as Finn waved goodbye to the detective, “He will be back soon,” he assured the little boy before throwing him towards the DI.
Sherlock opened and closed his mouth a few times, "No, sir." The detective had turned bright red with shame. He had never intended to treat his Dom in such a manner. Why did he have to wind him up?
"How long could you stand this before you were naughty?" John asked as he opened his laptop with his free hand and checked on the boys.
"Don't look at me like that, Sherlock, none of this is my fault. I believe you were the one causing trouble. As was your brother. Except, he's stayed knelt where Greg left him."
The door swung back on large hinges unveiling a large room. Sherlock was right on the dungeon idea. The room was split down the middle, one side for playing the other clearly for punishment.
Mycroft closed his eyes. "I got him a glass of water and a bucket, Eurus!" He snapped. "If you had been sick all over the table I would have done the same for you. But you didn't like it. You never liked anything."
Sherlock grumbled his complaint which got more vocal as Greg forced the posture collar around his neck.
The guard turned and snarled at her, but Eurus cleared her throat. "You two, take him to the naughty person room," she ordered pointing at the guard that had been rude to Irene.
"No you don't," Eurus said pacing around her brother, she pulled out a chunk of wood from the crop, giving a nice view of his arse.
John smiled, that had come far quicker than he had expected, especially from what his older brother had said and what he had witnessed so far. “You may.”
"I'll be a... g... good boy for you." He made sure that his voice cracked, and he had brought tears to his eyes.
The Dominatrix hesitated. "We were business partners. I knew him well enough to know not to cross him."
Sometime later, they both settled in plush armchairs by the fireplace, hot cups of tea in hand. For a while there was only silence except for the logs crackling under the flames. John let his eyes glaze over as he stared into the fire.
John breathed heavily to steady himself. “I would rather DIE,” he growled through gritted teeth, “than
Trying his hardest not to slump his shoulders, he hauled his duffel down the hall and up the grand staircase. The room he chose was rather small for the size of the house, but still charmingly furnished and decorated with thin white curtains and lavender blue accessories.
Regardless, he was back now. And she didn’t know how safe she was. Perhaps she should keep a bag packed just in case. Throw in her guns and a few of the wigs she kept taped under the wardrobe. She could run away. Leave Annie and Mary behind and become Rose this time.
He blinked a few times, but his vision remained hazy. Still, he was able to make out that he was in a hospital room. The look and smell was all too familiar to him.  His mind whirred trying to remember what had happened.
He lept up the stairs, two at a time, his face reddened by shame. He yanked the door open just in time to hear Sherlock’s bedroom door shut quietly. He could practically hear the sulking going on on the other side.
“Text from Lestrade. Gotta run.” He hitched his coat on and waited by the door, watching John. Both knew he didn’t have work that day and could easily come along.
They approached the largest most menacing ship John had ever seen before. The flags were blackened and torn at the edges. The wood was discolored and graying. The floor levels tiered up and up, towering over their own ship. Ignoring the panic in his chest, John thought Victor was truly out of his mind.
Oh god, he thought, running a hand through his hair. Guilt crashed into him as he thought how brutally he had treated Sherlock not two minutes ago.
This realization made Sherlock’s reaction highly amusing. His eyebrows were raised and his eyes defiantly asked “What?” as his fork was frozen halfway to his mouth. A bit of sauce lingered on the corner of his lip.
John opened his eyes and stared down at his and Sherlock’s joined hands. This is… unprecedented. Sherlock didn’t like to be touched, so to think that he’d be holding his hand to comfort him was quite baffling. If someone had told him that Sherlock Holmes, his flatmate, would do such a thing he’d laugh and call them bonkers. But here they are, with Sherlock looking slightly unsure and sure at the same time.
He unsuccessfully yanked at the knob once more before sheer terror overtook him and he began pounding his fists on the door.
“It's electrifyin'!” the boy sang with exaggerated drama. Sherlock’s face turned ten shades of red. He knew the boy was just having a little fun and meant no harm, but he was not amused.
“Sherlock,” he started, breathing heavily out of repressed rage. He spoke slowly with his voice low and barely controlled. “I have put up with so much from you. You’ve almost gotten us killed multiple times, you’ve run off without me on cases, your bloody experiments have nearly blown up the flat more than once. You’re an irrational, insufferable, stubborn pain in the arse sometimes, but you know what? I’ve stuck around. The least you could do is show some humanity for once in your damn life and answer me when I’m talking to you, dammit. Sherlock!”
“We aren’t here because of me or anything I did. We know why we’re here. We’re here because of you.” He pointed at her, his entire body shaking with rage. “We’re here because I love Sherlock and you say he has to die for it!”
John tried to move between the two of them, but Tony cocked his arm back and swung at him with full force. He managed to duck in the nick of time, and Tony’s fist collided with the wall instead.
Mycroft had managed to drift into a light slumber, but the moment the doctor touched him, he jerked awake.
Blinking up at John, the sub bit his lip, then he finally, finally nodded. It was all the Dom could do not to jump in place, he was so relieved to finally get a genuinely positive reaction.
The barrister for the defence stood up and requested another break. When the judge asked for justification, he replied that he needed to converse with his client regarding her plea.
It had been what John had requested but he knew Sherlock was going to complain about not getting tea. His complaints wouldn't be heard and he wouldn't be going anywhere with his arms still trussed up behind him.
But Finn didn't seem to get upset at the fact he'd made Sherlock wet which was a surprise. He unlocked the door again and then stripped off, throwing their dirty clothes out into the hall.
She took one look into the room and sighed, noticing the windows that were open wide, curtains billowing and clearly soaking wet.
With a sigh, John led the government official across the room, none too gently and pushed him down into the armchair for the support. “Alright?” He tried, but Mycroft’s teeth were clenched together and he wouldn’t meet his eye, choosing instead to stare at the floor between his Dom’s feet.
"Then what is it? And why aren't we running from it?" He indicated the now abandoned street, several more silver figures dotted the road.
The first thing Sherlock did when the doctor had gone was untie the leash, he hated it. It was so constricting. It made him feel like the sub he hated being.
“I don't want you showing me or yourself up today. If I have to, I will gag you for the duration. Is that going to be needed?”
Donovan had appeared at the door in short order, opening the hatch and staring in at him like he was some sort of caged dog.
It wasn’t long before Sherlock was pressing his arse back, meeting his fingers. “Oh, no, no, pet, this isn’t it. You’re going to ride me.”
Sherlock seemed distant, angry, but not with John, with himself. That was different. A sub angry with himself? Let alone on the first day.
“You are in a lot of trouble,” John hissed in his sub’s ear once Mrs. Hudson had left. He threw him into the wall, “put your hands against it. Now!”
"This one doesn't deserve his breakfast, Eurus," Irene said, twisting Sherlock's wrist just a bit more. "I want him to wait in the corner like a good dog."
“What is it, pet?” he reached down and cupped his cheek. He was so red he should have been boiling hot, quite literally.
"You think I'm going to enjoy it?" John's tone was dangerous. "I hate doing this to subs. I bloody hate it. But I do it when it needs doing. Lean over the horse. I will not tell you again."
Sherlock had no idea what John was talking about. He wasn't scared of any reprisals. He just didn't want to say it, he didn't know how to say it, or even what to say.
The doctor reached down and grabbed Sherlock's over sensitive cock, squeezing the head. "I asked you a question, boy!"
Eurus appeared with two glasses and a chilled bottle of wine, already opened and allowed to breath. "I thought we could share a few glasses of wine whilst we watched my brothers. They are fascinating."
Greg splashed down in the water, sitting by his boy. He secretly thought Mycroft was right and fully intended to talk to John at the first opportunity.
"Calm it," John warned his sub with a hand on Sherlock's head. "You definitely do not want to ruin this already. Not with how well you've been behaving the last few days and with Mycroft just before."
Mycroft had deduced the truth of the matter, but he wasn't about to expose Sherlock's secret. His brother was going to have to learn to talk to John honestly and openly. Him saying something wouldn't accomplish anything.
Sherlock looked extremely put out. He would have been pouting if he hadn't been gagged. The moment John increased the speed on the machine, the detective's eyes went wide and he started quivering.
"Is someone there?" he asked. In such a huge space, he knew it would be easy for someone to hide. Slowly, he stepped further into the interior, but he still didn't see anyone.
Sherlock was having none of it. However, John was prepared and, the moment he pulled away, the Dom had shortened the leeway in the leash for the younger man as he stood up.
Irene grasped him by the hair and threw him to the floor. "Stay there," she said as she stepped on the back of his neck.
Mycroft examined his fellow sub for a moment longer, he was expecting some comeback or childish retort when nothing came and the only acknowledgement was the tensing of his shoulders and his back twitched beneath his jacket he looked back at the doctor.
John tossed aside the wheel and sat back on his heels. Sherlock's clothing was really starting to be a problem. He hated to untie his pet, but there was nothing for it. With a sigh, he set to work. "Greg. Leave yours for a moment, yeah?"
Sherlock couldn’t help but feel disappointed, not just in himself but John too. Things had been going so well. Yes he had been punished, but he of all people was not going to get through the next 3 months with punishment never occurring. It was the second day and he’d been punished twice already and had completely blown the tally out of the water. As much as he hated the idea, it was entirely his own fault. John had given him plenty of warning and plenty of opportunities to obey, just some form of stubbornness that was deep set within him made him argue and get into further trouble. And now John had just left him alone, angry and annoyed. It was then that the stubbornness played a part again.
As he thought through ideas the door clicked quietly. Looking around to make sure he was unobserved, Sherlock slipped through the door and shut it behind himself. When he turned around and looked inside, the detective was delighted to see it was indeed bigger on the inside.
He couldn't believe that was what he wanted. He didn't want a perfect Sherlock, just a good one. Maybe they could get back to that equilibrium one day. Soon.
The first strike fell, bringing Sherlock out of his thoughts. He hadn't even been aware the Dom had left his side to find the cane in the first place.
"I'm still here? You don't need to stand there to guard me or whatever it is you think you're doing. I'm not leaving."
“What A-levels did you do?” It wasn’t really relevant, but a conversation was a conversation and the more he could get the boy talking, the more likely he was to get something of use from him. Something that could help the both of them in the future.
John noted the sound of true distress coming from his boy. "You thought we were going to have what? It's ok to answer. You won't get in trouble."
Sherlock stared down at his hands, one neatly wrapped up. He could see bruised fingers poking out the top and shivered at the thought of last night, but that didn’t matter. Wilkes didn’t matter. He had John and John wasn’t sending him away, at least he didn’t think so. He decided he needed more data to prove it. “If you say so, sir.”
Every other sub he had ever trained would not be so petty as to not let their mouth touch his fingers. He actually liked it. It was a way of gaining trust and being intimate without being sexually demanding. John hid the hurt expression that flickered across his face quickly. Not 10 minutes ago, Sherlock had said he wouldn’t eat out from his hand so they had already made some progress.
He began to make his way through the assembled police officers when the DI called him back again. “Oh and John?”
Rather than argue that he hadn’t been thinking such a childish thing, he took off towards the nearest tree. John thought it was because he liked climbing trees, despite his age, but actually he hoped, if he got high enough without John yelling at him he might be able to get some form of a clue to explain where he was. Well over a month in and he still had no idea where this Dom lived.
Mrs. Hudson opened the door in her dressing gown. “Oh, hello dear. I thought . . . didn’t you stay here last night?”
Horror struck John as two men yanked the door to Sherlock’s quarters open and entered without invite. Hatred and disgust boiled in his stomach as he watched them tearing through Sherlock’s things with their filthy, grimy fingers.
But John was paralyzed to the spot, watching the cracks appear around the chandelier, as if an invisible being was axing them into the ceiling.
She and John married not long after. But through their honeymoon and first month of marriage, she knew John missed him. And oh, how she resented that.
“Er, yeah. I see you cleaned up then,” he said gesturing to the spotless coffee table in the living room.
John looked away, but Sherlock lifted his face with his hands, forcing him to keep eye contact again.
Sherlock’s hand rushed forward to smooth his hair off his forehead. “Shh,” he whispered. “She’s dead. Everything’s okay.” He smiled softly, brushing his hand down to cup John’s cheek.
He wringed his wrists and looked apologetically between the two of them. “I am so, so sorry.” John’s heart sank…
“He can, but it was annoying to watch him pining while he should be focused on this case. Now he’s got his date and he can focus on what’s important.”
Perhaps having him there in such close proximity screwed with his head. Especially looking so beautiful with his long eyelashes and-
Next to him, Sherlock rolled his eyes at the sight of him trying to suppress his shivers in the dark.
“What about that little alley of yours? I think I’ll take a look there myself and see if you’re hiding anything else.”
John shook his head. No, he thought. He refused to let Mary play him like this. He would do what he needed to do to keep Sherlock safe, but no more than that. He wouldn’t let her drive them apart. He and Sherlock could still be as close as they once were. He could handle that.
“Oh please, John, I’m not an idiot,” she repeated with a condescending edge in her voice after he had been silent too long. “You were drooling over than man even when he was dead.” The laugh in her voice was almost pitiful. She thought he was pathetic.
Sherlock sat shirtless on an armchair as John knelt in front of him, dabbing ointment onto the three slashes. They weren’t that deep, but they bled quite a bit.
“I . . .” He fought back to urge to agree, to go with him and be his partner again. “I can’t Sherlock.”
“Alright.” After she left, John simply rolled over in his bunk and closed his eyes with no intention of going to see Sherlock.
John slumped against the door, the blazing hot guilt ripping through his chest. Perhaps now wasn’t the best time.
Back on the main floor, John’s disgust with Gina still made him want to chuck up his dinner onto the perfectly clean, patterned carpet.
His stag night. They had been rubbing their feet up against each other’s legs all night. So when John gripped his knee and leaned in, they both knew where things would have gone, had they not been interrupted.
And countless other stolen moments where something could have happened. Anything. But it just didn’t. Until now.
Sherlock came back with two cold beers in hand. He sat a respectable distance away from John and clicked on the television.
Victor glared at him, as though to remind him that he wasn’t his servant, but took the tray anyway. When he was turned, John quickly leaned down and slashed through the ties around his ankles, resisting a groan at the pain in his ribs.
“What?” he asked, taken aback. He felt his heart break all over again, until Sherlock spun around to face him. He was white as a sheet.
And with that, he was out the door, leaving John alone in the kitchen with the invitation in his hand.
John dropped the cargo load he was carrying and dashed up to the bow. He saw Sherlock’s mouth desperately form his name as his grip slipped and he was hurdled into the raging water. Seeing as everyone else was busy at their stations, John left it to himself to take action. Greg and Molly took notice as he looped several meters of heavy-duty rope over his shoulder and across his body.
John cast an arm over his forehead. Hearing Sherlock silently slip behind his door was almost worse than hearing him slam it after he had yelled at him the other day.
“No. Oh god, no… you can’t…. please…” John’s knees had now gone so weak that he slumped forward. The crew man’s arms were the only thing keeping him from falling. He watched a single tear trickle calmly down Sherlock’s face and his heart tore in his chest. His body shook with sobs.
He finally broke away, panting heavily, and turned his gaze only to find that Sherlock had disappeared.
Goddammit! he thought again, enraged as he hopped away from the bar counter and fled after them. Sherlock and Ray slipped out the door into a darkened hallway. There was no telling where they were off to. As John squeezed his way between people, he felt up his pockets to double check his gun was there. He pushed his way through the crowds of people, worried about Sherlock, but also furious at him for stupidly running off alone with a murderer without telling him.
“You sure about that? I mean, I understand the coat, but the hat is a bit melodramatic, don’t you think?”
“So I suppose there’s no point in making any attempt to get you to come back.” Mary’s voice was cold, not the warm and sweet woman he’d married but the assassin who had almost killed his best friend.
“Even so, he still loves you unconditionally like a love sick puppy. How pathetic.” She raised the gun and struck him hard in the temple with the hilt. His head knocked to the side, and a small bead of blood ran down his face.
“It could have been the two of us, you know,” she continued.  “I could have kept you safe from Moriarty. But you chose Sherlock. You chose wrong and you will pay for it and that’s your fault.”
Sherlock got John settled in front of the fire with a cup of tea and left to fetch whatever he had found. John took the opportunity to look around the grand living room, stocked with old books, clocks, and maps. To top it off was an excessively large painting of Gina and William Walters. Gina’s eyes were small and stern, and seemed to look directly at the inhabitants of the room.
“Oh, and John,” she said, as he turned to leave. The genuine softness in her eyes snapped him out of his hazed fury. “I really hope you two sort things out. Whatever it is that’s going on between you.” She smiled knowingly at him.
“How’d you find me?” Sherlock said finally, still staring at a fixed point ahead of him. He pulled the coffee mug closer to him, but he didn’t drink.
“Good. Now whatever it is that you think you can’t tell me, or that you think I wouldn’t take well, just know that –”
Angelo squeezed their shoulders and set a candle on the table – at one in the afternoon. Instead of correcting him this time, John and Sherlock just made slow eye contact across the table and burst into a fit of giggles.
Still wearing only his pajama pants, Sherlock paced the room, laying out their plan for the day. John tried not to ogle his chest - pale, smooth and muscular, with the finest dark hairs scattered in the middle.
He allowed his gaze to drop to those pink, plush lips, and his thoughts to drift to how much he longed to lean forwards and kiss them. Just once. Slowly and gently, to feel them, soft between his own. His imagination told him it would be electrifying. He settled for gripping his hand tighter in affection.
He laughed as he took out the next item. The ashtray from Buckingham Palace. Sherlock had stolen it just to make him laugh. He smiled and shook his head at the memory of him grinning proudly to himself and nonchalantly tossing the tray up in the air.
“First off, some news,” Evans said. “Unfortunately, there was a break-in last night.” All three of them snapped to attention at this. “When I arrived this morning, a window was cracked open and the screen was torn. Naturally, I went right to the office. Found it unlocked. Nothing was taken, but we need to be more vigilant. I don’t know who did it, but if someone’s after us, we need to keep our eyes peeled. Got it?”
“Oh,” he said reading the text, presumably from Lestrade. “Yes! Oh, John this is brilliant,” he said dashing to the door and pulling on his coat and scarf.
He wasn’t sure how long he could hold his breath. Not very long surely. And his body going fully into panic mode wasn’t helping things.
“You’ll have to release me if you want any chance of fighting back,” Molly said with conviction, although there was a slight quiver in her voice.
“Shut up,” John breathed, and guided his head into a proper kiss, soft yet insistent.  Sherlock released his hand, allowing them both to cup the other’s jaw.
“No, you’re my fair maiden, John. I have to come rescue you!” He lunged forwards and tackled John by the waist so he fell backwards onto the couch.
Relief flooded Sherlock’s heart. He lowered his head to hide the small twitch of his lips. Good old Irene. Wonderful Irene. He swelled with pride knowing that the same woman who’d always berated him and Janine for running away had finally gotten the chance to do it herself.
Sherlock stayed out until dark. John barely ate the whole day and stayed planted in front of the television. He had at least brought his laptop down and spread out some books and papers to create the illusion of being busy in case Sherlock came home.
John chuckled at how much lower Sherlock had to duck to avoid hitting his head against anything. It felt like a nice payback for all the times Sherlock could reach a high ladder or jump a fence, and he was left to struggle.
“Molly, this is John. I’m sure you’ve heard of him by now. You will work with him today, show him what you do, and just… keep him busy.”
John’s stomach threatened to upheave everything inside it. He thought he even felt a little hot, acidic vomit rise up in his throat. His body begged to physically recoil from Evans’ sickeningly tender touches, but he couldn’t move an inch. Evans seemed to thrive off his discomfort. The horrifying smile on his face only grew the longer he squirmed.
There was no mistaking it, John thought. He was definitely flirting. As interest began to pool in his stomach and groin, he forced himself to look away.
John’s breath caught in his throat. Now visible standing behind Moriarty was Sherlock, dripping wet and holding a gun.
Sherlock propped his knee up on the chair, half straddling him while he leaned in further and cupped his jaw. He placed hard, wet kisses on his mouth again and again. Then on the corners of his lips and up to his cheek.
"So John had the cookies and milk, and then lost a glove here. Meaning he intended to eat quickly and then leave, not bothering to remove his gloves, but then had to take at least one off for some reason. What could have made him stay?" He looked around the flat like a dog tracking scent, completely engrossed in the mystery of it all.
Several days into this routine, Victor stopped coming to fetch Sherlock with no explanation. Sherlock revealed to John, Molly, and Greg that they were nowhere near finished tracking Moriarty, so there was no reason they wouldn’t need him anymore.
“Well, I’m glad you did. You’re doing the right thing.” Sherlock looked up at John with big eyes, the usual protective shields completely absent from them. The softness in his face completely melted John’s heart, and he showed it with a warm smile.
“Ah, yes. I should probably tell you about all of us first. I know you met Jackson and Bolt when you got here.” She nodded at the thugs. Jackson being the blonde one with the ponytail, and Bolt apparently being the brunette. “They’re mostly just here to provide the bodily labor. They serve no other ‘intellectual purpose’ as Sherlock puts it.” She let out a chirpy laugh before continuing.
“I’m trying, John.” He could hear the strain in his voice. It was very unlike Sherlock to say things like this. “Just please . . . tell me what I’m doing wrong.”
“Victor,” Sherlock breathed, still gasping. “You can’t do this. I’m telling you.” Another swift punch to the jaw shut him up.
“Yes. Don’t worry about wardrobe necessities. I will rent a tuxedo for you and leave it in your room.”
John suppressed a sigh. “Do you mind if I hang out a Baker Street for a bit?” He really just needed any excuse to stay away from the flat longer. Yes, Mary had practically threatened him to not be too long, but he’d enlist again before he let her put a leash around his neck.
Before John could study it for too long, Sherlock returned with a large wooden plate. John tugged his blanket tighter around his shoulders and leaned forward.
“No, it’s alright, John. I believe you,” he chuckled. “Large cellars tend to get quite cold around this time of year.”
“I suppose you are wondering why you’ve been brought here against your will, John Watson.” Wondering how he knew his name, John stirred uneasily but still refused to make eye contact or reply. Sherlock gave a frustrated sigh before continuing, “You were scouted out as the leader of your comrades and brought here to provide me with information essential to the success of my plan.”
John clamped his jaw shut. He had a gorgeous lady on his arm too and he was just as free to have fun as Sherlock was.
Sherlock lay pale-faced with his mouth hanging open, his head completely cracked in two clean halves. Dark blood pooled around him and spilled from his eye sockets and gaping mouth. His lifeless eyes remained wide open and stared at him accusingly.
She nodded, although she wasn’t quite sure what he meant. “Jim. We can’t just go back to the way things were. I’ve made a life for myself here. I’m Mary Watson now.”
Once again- for the full effect, listen to the song! It's one of the most johnlocky songs I've ever heard and I adore it
Anger flashed through her at the memory of him exposing her identity to John in the most humiliating way.
John, Molly, and Greg exchanged looks. In their eyes, they all accepted death together. With a small nod, Molly clung tightly to Greg and buried her face in his shoulder. His arms closed around her in turn and he buried his fingers in her hair.  John leaned into the two of them, the hole in his heart where Sherlock once was burning in his chest.
At last, the last tie was cut loose, and he slid off the chair and sunk to his knees. John joined him, and their arms wrapped around each other in an instant.
"Yes, yes. Heartwarming. Come, John! To the supermarket.” With this, he grabbed a red-faced John and pulled him out the door.
Finn was happy to comply. His shirt was already pulled out of his trousers and he had kicked off his shoes quite some time ago.
Sherlock groaned as the third finger breached him, he wasn’t a stranger to this, he wasn’t even a stranger to this with John as a Dom, but not being able to see or really move properly made it distinctly unusual.
Sherlock laughed at that. "What? Didn't you want my little sister to hear you Irene? How you used her because she has power over me. Has power over my brother? I never should have saved you."
Greg glanced at John who nodded. "We will go next door. Do not get up, pet," John ordered the detective.
John snickered at his boy’s poor attempt at an explanation. “I won’t stop you working this case, but if your attitude should persist later we will be having more than words. Is that clear?”
Sherlock was in his armchair, his knees tucked to his chest and his chin resting on top. The moment Mycroft entered the living room, the detective rolled his eyes. "Why are you still here?"
When John caught up with him again his wrists were snapped together in metal cuffs rather than the contract cuffs. Sherlock didn’t know if he preferred them or not, they’d be easier to escape from, but there was the lack of comfort and lack of personal touch.
“Well, that's when I'm interviewing you again,” she took him by the arm and dragged him back towards the cell none too gently. He was sure that if she could get away with it, she'd have cuffed him and paraded him around the entire Yard laughing the whole while.
The Dom was beginning to seriously think 3 months wasn't going to be enough with Sherlock. It had happened once in his career where a sub had needed longer, that had been a case of abuse too. It had been so long ago, he hadn't been in his financial state then and he was working out of a small apartment in London city centre. Mycroft had joked about lengthening the time when they'd discussed Sherlock's contract all those weeks ago, but maybe the eldest Holmes was right. Maybe his younger brother did need more time. There was still such a lot for him to learn.
"I'm sorry, sir," he said immediately, noting the look on Irene's face. "I'm sorry, miss," he added. Had he been ignoring John long? By the look on the Dominatrix's face he'd been ignoring John hours, shame they'd only been there less than one. Why did Irene seem to hate him so much?
Finn pouted and crossed his arms over his chest, looking remarkably like a sulking Sherlock. He wanted nothing more than to hug him but they needed some boundaries. This seemed suitable enough.
"I know you didn't, but you have to be more careful and it's not just about that. It's about your attitude since then." Greg sighed. Maybe we should send you away for a couple of days. Put Anthea in charge of you for a bit."
John waved the strap through the air a few times, getting a feel for it again and practicing where he was going to hit, it was too serious a spanking to just hit him anywhere, especially as he was sure the brat would force him to do this again, he needed to be efficient to leave room.
Sherlock’s face fell. “Yes, sir,” this bloody Dom was too bloody clever and too bloody thorough. Despite how much he didn’t want to do it in the first place and just wanted it to be over and done with, he couldn’t risk the evening being cancelled. Plans were in place, at least theoretical ones in his Mind Palace from his 30 uncomfortable minutes in the corner, he still had a few hours before they needed to be put into action, but he also needed to be at Angelo’s. That was why he had suggested it in the first place. It wasn’t that far from Baker Street, but if the Dom cancelled because of his behaviour there, was no way he would leave him in a position to race off.
“Will you be alright here?” he asked, raising his voice slightly as the coffee table flew across the room.
It was a little thing, that small bit of praise, but it made Mycroft squirm, feeling ridiculously proud. "Thank, you, sir."
“At that point I didn’t think you’d want to hear it, sir,” Sherlock admitted sheepishly. He wasn’t lying, he had thought John couldn’t handle him and the drama anymore and wanted him gone.
Mycroft watched as the fire of anger lit in Eurus' eyes. "Careful Miss Adler. I've seen that look in my little sister's eyes before."
“Right answer.” He ruffled his curls and for once Sherlock didn’t pull away. “Good boy,” he praised. He could see the effort the boy had exerted in not flinching away and began to unthread the rope from around him. He brought his hands to his front and cuffed them there instead.
He was lifted up onto the bunk and strapped to it, so he couldn't fight anymore. His collar was attached to the eye hole in the wood and he grunted, only trying to tug himself free once.
The punishment side was decorated to go with the dungeon theme. It held all the things that was on Sherlock’s hate list. The other side of the room held all the things that Sherlock liked, where John clearly intended to enjoy time with the sub.
The younger man closed his eyes, and John quickly smirked. He’d been bluffing about knowing he was desperate. He could have been sat uncomfortably because of his paddling last night rather than needing the toilet, but he had seen his older brother, Mycroft, deducing things all the time and knew how it worked, even if he didn’t necessarily know how to do it himself.
John placed the tray onto the side unit and flopped onto the bed. Sherlock stayed where he was knelt. After a moment, the Dom had settled himself and patted the bed. “Come on then.”
John's eyes darted up to meet the younger man's his face clearly said 'does it matter', "yes, master," he whispered, squeezing his eyes shut.
“On your front,” John added when he saw the look of horror on his sub’s face. The lack of verbal objection spoke volumes. He wouldn’t want to lay down on a freshly paddled purple arse either.
"I didn't think so." Greg collapsed back in the chair he had sat in minutes before. "Kneel up straight, lower your head and do not move."
The detective's eyebrow rose of its own accord as he finally recognised the man in front of him. Something was making him slow.
“Mycroft’s idea of a joke when we were children. Mother would always let us have ice cream for pudding. Sunday was the only day I would stick around long enough to have some. The rest of the week was a choice between boring ice cream and my violin, but on Sundays we had Vienetta.”
Finn crawled over to Sherlock’s chair and reached under it, pulling Geoff his dinosaur out from under it. He stood up and, hugging the toy, went to the coffee table where his colouring book and crayons lay.
John was pacing up and down by the police tape securing the scene. He was seriously hoping that Sherlock had gone back inside for something and he hadn’t noticed. He had been rather busy after all. He looked around, spotting someone far worse than his sub. Donovan. The argument had come to a halt when John realised Sherlock had gone but she was 30 yards up along the tape, making the Dom assume she had been put back on cordon duty. He really didn’t want to talk to her again, that argument had been quite enough but seeing as Greg was busy inside with the scene and Anderson he couldn’t say he had really been acquainted with anyone else. He was saved the indignity of asking when he saw her coming towards him, which led to her speaking first.
Sherlock struggled to his feet and John saw his face for the first time. His eyes were red and blood shot. Tears had created their own tracks down his face. The Dom raised his free hand to rub away a couple of new tears and then kissed him on the forehead. Although calm, the sub still looked terrified so John tugged him over to the bed gently. He pulled him up and Sherlock instinctively turned into him burrowing his head into John’s neck, still muttering broken apologies through ragged breaths.
When John saw that on his boy's face, he gave him another few minutes then stopped the flow of water.
"That is pathetic," Irene growled as Mycroft tried to stand up and stumbled slightly. He was weak himself, having been on the cross as long as his brother, but his strength always seemed to return when something was wrong with Sherlock.
Sherlock frowned at the weird over the top behaviour but didn't comment on it he just tucked into the chips as they were dumped on the table in front of him.
The doctor just watched him wear himself out. It must have been several minutes because Greg came back. "Nope, he is still asleep."
"Yeah, babe, the things I plan for you are definitely not child friendly," John patted his boy's knee affectionately.
Sherlock grinned as if to say he hadn't got any friends, briefly his mind travelled to his Dom. His brother. Greg. Oh well. “The gun.”
John didn't mind the growls, they felt remarkably good. "Whatever you're doing, Greg, keep it up. Your boy is doing the most delightful things to my cock."
Both Sherlock and Mycroft fell asleep like that, half covering their Doms. It wasn't something that either of them minded one bit.
“It’s a good job he is collared now then, isn’t it?” the blond grinned. “I do intend to keep him from all harm, Mrs. Hudson, even his no self-preservation harm that he seems to cause himself daily.”
Mycroft hummed around his Dom's cock in delight at the indirect praise, causing the Superintendent to gasp.
Sherlock just pretended he wasn't even in the room, quite enjoying the ice cream and ignoring the conversation around him.
He was distracted by his phone as it caught his eye. Sherlock was waving dramatically. He flicked it off mute.
Irene didn't bother to respond. She was too angry. "I've never failed to get a reaction. Never!" She shifted her glare to Mycroft. "Explain!'
En route to the kitchen, John realised that it was a fair distance from the living room and he pondered on what a design flaw that was. He had only personally designed the upstairs and the basement recently when he had had Sherlock’s lab installed. The ground floor had been done by architects, but then again, his profession wasn’t unusual across the country and many professional Dom’s, including John himself, had staff for this sort of thing. He had contemplated keeping the staff on with Sherlock here, but from what Mycroft had said about his little brother’s past, seeing other subs that could “pose a threat” in his eyes probably wouldn’t be good for the younger man; especially given that he had spent the whole week up until an hour ago naked, as well as the two following days. Even though it was punishment, John wasn’t here to humiliate him. He would have been even more impossible if John had had him knelt on that first day for breakfast and had someone else there too doing the cooking. It had been bad enough as it was and he’d doubled his rather considerable tally without extra complications.
"Sherlock, I've expressed it before, but I'll say it again. I'm sorry I ever put you in the path of that Adler woman." Mycroft strained to see his brother around Eurus. "How badly are you hurt? Did she break the skin?"
"Can't I? I like to think I saved my little brother by putting him in rehab, but I'm only kidding myself. I thought maybe you saved him, letting him tag along at the Yard. But I'm naïve. John is what saved my little brother."
Towards the end of Mycroft’s speech he turned towards his mother. “Have you any idea what you’ve done? And you don’t even care, do you? Self righteous bitch.”
The sub glared at the wall in front of him. The whole situation was hateful. Why should he stay in the corner if John was just going back to sleep? He waited ten minutes, then he got up and went in search of something not boring to do, but by that point John had already fallen back asleep again, one foot dangling out of the bed and his head on Mycroft's chest.
Sherlock stared at the bottom of the door frame as he knelt at the playroom door. John had sent him off ahead, making it painfully obvious he wanted perfect behaviour by saying how much he trusted him to not reroute on his journey upstairs.
The detective waved his hands wildly. "I don't see him getting a microchip. I don't see him getting followed 24 hours a day. I don't..."
John paused behind him and gripped his caged cock. He put his fingers between the bars, prodding the hardening length, then he turned his attention to his bollocks.
When he was done, (satisfied it was just a poorly behaving sub rather than a high one) he gripped his sub by the hair and dragged him to the centre of the room, he kicked back the rug and forced the brat to his knees on the hardwood. “Present,” he whispered lowly. “Boy.”
More than aware that the kettle took a long time to boil and aware of the fact John had just said to put the kettle on. He also didn’t know what drinks either of them would want so he wandered back to find his Dom, not both Doms,
Mycroft tried not to listen to the two Doms, instead focusing his attention on his brother. He couldn't tell if Sherlock was completely tuned out of the room, in his Mind Palace or actually listening to what the Doms were saying and just not reacting.
Irene brought the cane around and struck Mycroft on the thigh. "What do you say?" Irene barked when Sherlock was about to lunge.
John touched his sub’s head briefly and heard him tense with a deep breath. Waiting for him to open his mouth and demand him to remove his hand, John was surprised once more when no dictation came but his head just dropped further.
His stubborness didn't go unnoticed. John went to the table and picked up a number of pegs. He came back and crouched down in front of his boy. One by one, he started attaching the pegs to his cock, running them in a line from root to tip.
"I can't win. If I leave Mycroft gets pissed at me. If I stay, you get pissed at me. What am I supposed to do?" Sherlock threw himself down on the sofa and turned his back to the doctor.
Last night they had played again, using the same method of loosening him up a bit and allowing him to orgasm. He hadn’t lied to his pet when he arrived - the cage was for control not necessarily denial. He had made the detective ask permission and he hadn’t complained, doing what he had been told all afternoon, even during his second tally punishment. The only difference between the two evenings was John had ended up carrying him downstairs rather than using the bed in the playroom. After the cuddles they had had, subspace had also not been quite as potent. As he tucked him in, the sub was extremely quiet given he had just been put back in the cage.
The government official sighed and opened his mouth. He simply didn't see the point of using his energy to fight something that, relatively speaking, was trivial. He knew there was far worse to come.
Mrs. H left the boys to get their things together. Finn had the help of both his fathers which was a good thing since he kept bouncing around the flat, excited.
“Um, boys. Breakfast first,” Mrs. Hudson called the three of them back. Finn had already reached the bedroom.
“No. Do it. If anything happens, you will be the first person I contact. Not even your brother is stupid enough to find himself in serious trouble two days in a row. At the moment, Sherlock is in no danger, he isn't one for suicide, after all.”
“If you promise to stay in here, I will unleash you and let you unpack. I’ll give you an hour and if you obey with minimal complaint, I will let you have your violin back for an hour. How does that sound?”
John knew the importance of sleeping lightly, thanks to his time in the army, as he lay on his bed unmoving. He focused on levelling out his breathing, another army trick. If he waited long enough, he would know the truth. If he didn’t catch Sherlock in here, he couldn’t punish him for it. There was no proof that he was or had been, but… if he had, he was not going to enjoy the punishment he had planned. Being in here was against a direct order and he needed to know how serious that was. Even if Sherlock didn’t see it as important, he was still disregarding rules and that was never okay.
It took a few minutes, but eventually Sherlock came round. As soon as he had, the guards dragged him back to his knees again.
Sherlock had frozen, waiting to see what the reaction was before he intervened. He got down on the floor with the children. "Finn, that wasn't very nice. I think you and Amy should help Beth sort the pieces. I'll help."
The Dominatrix laughed. "I suppose so, only we have something infinitely more entertaining to do than bake cookies."
John began winding the length of rope around his thumb, middle and little fingers systematically. He tightened it up then threaded the length of loose rope between his legs, attaching it to the base of the metal around the sub’s cock. Sherlock whimpered.
"How should I do that? Hmm..." she glanced over the detective and towards Mycroft, who was trying his hardest to remain in control of himself.
“I do, pet.” He put his hand on the back of his sub’s neck and kissed him quickly. “Downstairs,” he ordered.
John was supposed to stay emotionally unattached from his clients, he was supposed to stay professional, but with Sherlock it was different. There was something about him… the fact that he was the younger brother of a close friend only helped to push him closer towards him.
Greg shook his head. "Every idea I came up with was too creepy - miniature totem poles, snakes and the like. I settled on a camouflage coloured dildo." He picked it up and tossed it to John.
The silver thing shimmered and then disappeared. Sherlock blinked at where it had been before stepping out of their landlady's flat.
The blond sighed and leant back against the wall, trying to take the day in. “How did this happen? How could I lose him for 6 hours?”
As soon as Sherlock had been checked out by the paramedics on scene (no long lasting affects from any of the drugs in his system), Mycroft herded him from the warehouse and into the waiting car after a rather long ear-bashing from Greg.
"Does it matter?" Sherlock asked, exasperated. "Just be happy that I'm Cooperating for once. Your car can leave, Mycroft."
As John moved to his feet, Sherlock ducked his head, not looking forward to the bollocking he knew was coming. John didn't like lying.
“So Moriarty took my shoes...” his head was spinning with how long this must have been planned. “He took my shoes months ago to frame me.”
“I didn’t have much choice.” Wasn’t that obvious? Or was this Dom just trying to wind him up? From what he had seen so far that wasn’t the sort of thing he thought John would do, but he didn’t know. This man was proving fairly difficult to deduce.
When they emerged, Sherlock looked especially pale, but determined. He walked Finn back over to the group. Crouching down, he looked him in the eyes. "If it gets to be too much, tell John and Mrs. Hudson will bring you back out here."
Mycroft's free hand was put right back into the cuffs which were then gripped more tightly than before.
When Sherlock was done with the curtains, the Dom removed the gag and let him work his jaw. “Present.”
The Superintendent let out a deep sigh of contentment. He did get tired of being the Dom all the time, no matter how much he treasured his time with Mycroft or even Sherlock. He needed this, briefly, to recharge. "Do you get bored of this?"
Sherlock curled up into a ball as soon as he was placed on the bed. He still felt like a failure, something he wasn't used to feeling.
Eurus moved closer to Irene and wrapped an arm around her waist. "Just look at him, my big brother, feeling so guilty no figuring things out sooner and sparing my little big brother so much strife."
In no time, Sherlock had cleared his whole portion. John went to cup his cheek but realise he had gone incredibly pale. “Babe?”
“You will be plugged until further notice, pet. This is taking far too long and it isn’t even the main event.”
“Will you punish me if I don’t?” Sherlock’s tone was a bit more abrupt than either of them were anticipating.
That earned two quick smacks, one on each cheek. "Comparing me to a Holmes? You're arse is about to glow bright red."
"Oh, look at Greggie pouting. If you had just asked nicely I would have wanked you until you lost your mind." John patted the sub on the head.
"I've been sneaking down to the play room at night, practicing my techniques. I couldn't wait to try them out on Mycroft." The Superintendent beamed and leaned forward to kiss his boy on the lips.
“John’s not scary,” Sherlock pointed out, picking Finn up out of the chair. “In fact, he's very not scary.” Except to those who threatened the people he loved, but he didn't need to say that out loud. Hopefully, there would never be a time when Finn had to see that side of John.
Too late, Sherlock realised his mistake. He could see the look on John's face and it didn't take much of a deductive leap to know what was about to happen next. He hid his face against Greg's back, knowing he had started to blush. Sherlock quickly found himself thrown over said bench and pinned down by one Dom while the other tied him down.
It wasn't long before Sherlock's head was against his knee, his boy's soft curls rising and falling with each deep breath. A sudden thought occurred to him, the sub grumbled when John's hand left his hair to route through his pockets in search of his phone.
John, he would not eat without him. He had no idea that the Dom was stood at the doorway watching his sub where he knelt.
Sherlock nodded. “Of course.” He glanced at John over his shoulder as Finn dragged him towards the sand trucks.
“Nothing,” they both replied together, but Finn’s innocent expression wasn’t as mastered as Sherlock’s was.
Sherlock swallowed hard at the sound of his Dom’s voice from the kitchen. It was so hard it hurt, like the large lump in his throat was expanding with every subsequent breath. The thought that John was in the flat, let alone being undetected, wasn’t processing inside his head, this man always managed to get one up on him and never failed to surprise him.
Sherlock looked down at the small length of rope that was visible between his legs, regretting his new predicament and knowing it was entirely his own fault.
They cuddled for another hour or so before John slid out from beneath him. At his sub’s worried look, he hastened to reassure him, “It will not be as bad as you are imagining. I promise you, pet. You have blindfolds on your ‘no’ list, I should have known not to hide from you, so turn over and take hold of the headboard. We’ll do this with you facing me.”
Greg elbowed John. "The bedside table has a mini fridge under it. It should be stocked with beer. Pass me one, would you?"
Sherlock lost count at 17 minutes. John hadn’t said anything and he didn’t doubt that he hadn’t even looked at him as his pencil hadn’t stopped scribbling whatever it was noting down.
Sherlock shifted and turned, trying to get free. Eventually, Mycroft kicked him in the back of the leg and knocked him to his knees.
“Well, sir, if it was a friend, you would have no doubt mentioned it earlier as you would have been looking forward to the visit. You’re also pacing, sir, like you’re nervous.”
"I want you both to be uncomfortable. It's fascinating. This is a different type of discomfort than I've seen in you before,” Eurus observed.
The alarm blared, his feet snapped together and pulled down, sharply. His hands cuffed together in front of him this time, luckily, because he could use them to break his fall and catch himself as he landed, his feet forced so close to the floor by the force around his cuffs, he was left in a press up position. It was either that or crush his hands. He looked over his shoulder and realised the force must have been a lot more powerful than he realised. Mycroft! If he had been able to think of that way out, so would his brother. He would have told John to install extra powerful magnets at the door. He groaned at the familiar sound of footsteps on the stairs, but this time they weren’t in a hurry. This time he knew he was screwed more than he had been the first time he had attempted this.
Sherlock frowned at being treated like a baby. It was his leg that wasn't working not his hands. When Sherlock was dressed, John crouched down in front of him, cupping his cheeks in his hands. "Pet, I know you're going through something right now. You're thinking about something or regretting something, or maybe you're just sore, but you need to remember it's my job to take care of you. Can you at least tell me you understand that?"
Sherlock's eyes snapped open and he glared. He glanced over towards his brother. Mycroft was looking a bit worse for wear, his cock hanging limp between his legs as Eurus stood back and watched a guard hit it with another riding crop.
John made a point of cuffing his hands in front of him then moved across the room to turn the light out and get ready for bed himself.
When John turned around again, Sherlock lifted his hands and put them at his neck, in his boy position. He wasn't going to mess up like that, John would end up punishing him for sure.
Finn didn’t have any trouble finding them. He got down on his knees and looked under the table. "Here they are."
“Come forward, beside the chair. I'm going to prepare our meal. Then you are going to kneel there and not complain. My leniency concerning your meals of late will be forgotten.”
“No, Sherlock!” Mycroft snapped pacing into the room and dropping on the bunk beside where his little brother had collapsed again. “You're my baby brother. You will always come first. Gregory has asked to allow him to sort things legally, before I get involved. I believe you, Sherlock, someone is clearly setting you up, but whom? Where have you been for the last several hours?”
John led his sub into the front room by the hand and the detective froze on sight of the other couple already sat in the room. He glanced briefly at the Dom in his chair, anger etched into his face but was doing admirably at remaining calm. The sub had his head low and the leeway allowed from the leash was minimal, keeping the kneeling man's head tilted to the side, close - but not on - the Dom's knee.
Finn’s legs were kicking out as he munched on his waffle. He didn’t understand Sherlock’s reaction to Mrs. Hudson. There was no way the little boy could understand how much the detective cared for his landlady, but that he could only take being fussed over so much.
The detective set his bowl down, berating himself as he went after him. It had slipped his mind how Finn's so called parents had treated him when it came to food. He had completely forgotten about the past, both his own and the boy’s.
John picked Sherlock up when they reached the stairs. He wasn’t about to remove the cuffs from the boy. He put him down at the top. “Crawl,” he ordered simply.
Finn scrambled across the chair and onto Siger’s lap. Mr. Holmes hugged the little boy, then picked him up and sat him firmly in his booster seat. “You can sit here beside me.”
"He is quite a sight," Greg said, nodding. He set Mycroft swinging and caught him after a few spins.
"Typical." Greg pinched his boy's over sensitive nipple and laughed when Mycroft yelped. "I should use this on your cock later." He set the wheel aside and bent to suck a bruise on his boy's shoulder.
John reached down and pressed a cup of tea into Sherlock's hands. Irene held her sub's mug for her to sip out of.
Irene leant in close. "Oh, I think your sister has valid points. Doctor Watson doesn't know how to handle a big boy like you, but I do." She stood up and took a step back.
"Oh, that was a rhetorical question. Hurting your brother, really hurting him, will do the job nicely."
"Yours and his," Greg jerked his head in Mycroft's direction. "Got to get these on his nipples some how."
The Dom had made sure Sherlock’s stool was in reach of him as he sat back and pulled the lunch box from the backpack.
“I don’t do refunds.” John used his stick to prod at one of the cushions on a nearby chair, straightening it up. “Mycroft knows that.” He knew he knew that, because it had been part of their discussion when he had been “warning” him of some of Sherlock’s traits.
Sherlock’s eyes snapped up towards the older man in annoyance, but John could stop him moving too much by tugging on the rope, embedding the hook further into the brat’s arse.
Furious with Mycroft's lack of response, she moved over and set his aching ball free. He breathed in sharply around the gag as the pain increased momentarily. After it had subsided, the Dominatrix grasped the newly freed testicle and gave it a squeeze. "Deduce what's wrong with him."
The sub glared down at the floor trying to decide his next move. He took too long, however, as John soon had him by the curls and was poking a bit of toast at his mouth.
John took the detective’s hand rather than using just the leash to tug him upstairs. It was something the doctor had seen a friend do many years ago, whose sub had been traumatised before they’d found one another.
It seemed odd to Sherlock, seeing his brother knelt beside his own chair, behind his own desk, in his own office. He'd never got to see this when he lived with them, Greg had tried to Dom him, always on Mycroft’s say so and he had just ignored it. Bloody idiot brother was distracted by his Dom so badly he couldn’t even see the obvious, couldn’t see how numerous break ins weren’t even noticed.
John laughed appreciatively. "Oh, yes." He ran a finger over Sherlock's bollocks, admiring how Greg had bound them earlier, then he gave one of his boy's balls a pinch.
Mycroft merely turned to face him, looking bewildered and definitely not like kneeling was a good idea.
John paused by the door and smiled at his defiant sub. He really was going to enjoy this. The challenge of the youngest Holmes.
The doctor could feel the sensations of his master's hand begin to overwhelm him, he was sure Sherlock could feel the throbbing in his cock, it seemed to be rhythmically pulsing under his hand.
John grinned, then burst out giggling. "Alright, fine. Just the one." He collapsed onto the sofa and made himself comfortable. He looked off to the side and watched both Holmes brother on the nearby screens.
For his part, Mycroft whimpered at his burrning, stinging cock and deflated. The Superintendent quickly gathered his boy's bollocks and cock and soon had the cock cage locked in place.
It was only the fact that John's hand started aching that made him stop spanking the Superintendent. He rubbed Greg's arse, feeling the heat come off of it. "On the floor. On your knees."
“No, sir,” Sherlock answered quietly, he was beginning to feel guilty for his slight arguing earlier and he was sure the doctor hadn’t forgot, but he wasn’t going to remind him if he had.
“You’ll be alright for a sec?” at his nod, he continued, “dial Greg for me, tell him it’s an emergency and to get here straight away, alright?”
"Oh, yes. That's very nice." Irene stepped up to the younger Holmes brother and ran her hand along his ribs. "You make a lovely display."
“You need to explain yourself to your brother or he won’t calm down,” Greg ordered, crouched in front of a still cuffed Mycroft. “And actually, I wouldn’t mind an explanation.”
John paced across to the punishment side of the room and grabbed up the strap. Sherlock watched him with unease, he tried to move away but whimpered when his cock pulled again.
He unlocked the door to the playroom, his grip on the boy’s arm unrelenting. He dragged him into the corner of the punishment side of the room and used the tip of his cane to make the detective’s knees bend. He hit the floor with a thud and a growl.
If the boy didn’t want the ‘learning from home’ aspect as he got older, then they shouldn't force him. But he knew school would be difficult for the boy, and he’d end up in trouble, maybe it was best they tried and eased him out of the panicking before they thought about sending him away even for a few hours.
“Oh.” Finn hopped up and ran over to Mrs. H. “Here. This is for you.” He dumped the oyster shell in her lap, looking extremely proud of himself.
Greg flicked at the sub's cock irritating it as he put on and took off peg after peg after peg. He turned at a sound from his own sub. "Problem, boy?" he asked Mycroft.
When Irene Adler was shown in by one of the staff, her sub crawled behind her, in leather trousers and a low top that wasn't too revealing. She and John had standards they both adhered to.
"Thank you. And yes… Sherlock didn’t believe me." John took a step back. He looked at his fiancé and beamed at him. They really were going to do this.
This time it appeared the party would be much more casual. The outfit consisted of a white button-down shirt, a handsome silver-gray blazer, and khaki slacks. He styled his hair a little less formally, letting his fringe fall slightly onto his forehead.
“Let’s go, John,” Sherlock whispered. He nodded solemnly. And this time it was John who led Sherlock out with a solid hand on his back.
The karaoke stage was lit and ready for the next two occupants. College students were drunk and grinding on the dance floor. Colorful lights roamed around them as the DJ turned up the already hard pounding music.
But it only took a small, whiny pout from Sherlock to have him reaching for his phone on his nightstand.
Lestrade cleared his throat in attempt to get them back on topic. “I uh . . . did a quick search through my office as well. To see if someone had brought them in for inspection. Nothing there either.”
Through Mycroft’s research, Sherlock learned what Evans had been using to blackmail her for all those years. Erotic photographs. Hundreds of them. Irene had managed to wipe the internet clean of them herself, but Evans had somehow gotten his hands on some digital copies and had threatened to leak them online unless she worked for him. Mycroft destroyed these copies as well as her criminal record, so she could rebuild her life in London.
John hung up from Sherlock’s phone call and half jogged to his bedroom. He had almost forgotten all about that damn drive. He’d kept the real one of course, and had looked through it quite thoroughly with Sherlock. What they found there was not what they had expected. There were only two documents on it. Both contained only a list of names. One was obviously a list of everyone she had killed, as well as the year and location. The other one, they figured, was a list of identities she’d taken over the years. At the top of the list was ‘Annabelle Gertrude Rosamund Abbott.’ At the bottom: Mary Morstan.
“If you're filled with affection, you're too shy to convey . . .” he strutted around the boy.  “Meditate my direction." He fixed his challenging gaze directly on him. "Feel your way."
“Yes, yes, I love you, too,” he replied impatiently, panting and sweating. “Now get on with it, you git!”
“No, not at all!” John scooted closer to the center of the circular booth and made Sherlock do the same. The two girls giggled and squeezed in close on either side of them. Sherlock looked incredibly annoyed, but after John kicked him lightly under the table, he smiled tightly at Julia sitting next to him.
For security’s sake, she understood that everything had to be kept under wraps. The mansion never existed, and they never met. When John and Sherlock broke the news that she shouldn’t have children if she didn’t want to pass on the curse to another generation, they were relieved she conveniently didn’t want any.
Molly glanced at John and realized he was finally awake and looking at her. She gave him a soft, tired smile, which John returned. No words necessary. She suddenly winced in pain, and her attention was brought back to Greg tending her wound.
Sherlock hated to admit it, but he was actually having a little fun with this. The boy put a little extra mock-drama into his voice as they finished the chorus. “The one I need, the one I need. Oh yes indeed, yes indeed!”
John released a deep, guttural groan. He pulled back and lapped up and down his length of his cock. He swirled around the tip, and plunged down again, taking more of him in.
He answered with shaking hands, and the high-pitched voice he had hoped to never hear again rang in his ears.
John’s mind whirred at top speed. He tried to think like Sherlock. What would he do if his head weren’t bashed up? He looked around. There were no extraneous lasers pointing at them like there were with Moriarty. That meant Mary was here alone. That made sense since this was her own personal revenge on him, and she was likely going against Moriarty’s orders by hurting Sherlock on her own. He doubted she would have help. He glanced to the side at his gun lying on the floor. Keeping Sherlock’s head cradled tightly to his chest, he began scooting them towards it.
The blonde man chuckled darkly, handed off the gun, and said, “The mouth on this one.” He grabbed John by the front of his jacket and lifted him up easily. “We’ll have to do something about that, won’t we?” The brown-haired man murmured in agreement and glared at him. “Captain don’t like the mouthy ones.” Dangling from the arms of a large, angry man, John decided against his better judgement to reply.
Although John should have been relieved that he had succeeded in his endeavors to push Sherlock away and kill any chance that they had at a relationship, all he felt was shame and remorse.
Behind him, the door opened. Without looking, he recognized the sound of John wiping his feet on the mat and hanging his jacket on their coatrack.
Four years ago, he’d been living on the streets of London. Cold every night. Hungry every night. Alone. Sad. Usually high. But one small event sparked a change in his life that he would be forever grateful for. It pained him to think of where he might be if he’d never met John in the dark garage that night. If they hadn’t run into each other again at Sholto’s place. If John had never left Mary’s network to come live with him. He’d probably still be homeless. Maybe even dead. Curled up in a gutter somewhere with a needle in his arm.
His heart went out to her. She was describing exactly how he felt about Sherlock during his first few weeks pining over him. Except in his case, he didn't have a fun, flirtatious evening to ease his fears. He only had angst and tension until last night.
“I need you, Annie. I need you to help me with this,” he continued. “Remember Sherlock? Remember what he did to you?”
John maneuvered through celebrating families and groups of friends until he found Sherlock. Sherlock ran up to him, cupped his face and kissed him more passionately than he ever had in public before. John wrapped his arms around his shoulders and kissed back.
We returned home as a broken family. Just the two of us alone. I closed myself off, refusing to accept any help from anyone except my brother. I wouldn't talk to any of the therapists or government officials that pathetically attempted to ease our pain. Just him. Of course, he was to leave home in a month to begin his new job in the government. Right before he left, he encouraged me to let go and move on, like him. I was appalled at his proposition. A month after our parents' deaths and he was already moving out and starting new life, leaving me completely alone and telling me to move on. I shut him out too as he left. And never quite forgave him. After that I was alone in the house. I had no one."
He watched the two converse quietly, too far for him to hear. The man struggled to explain what had just happened before Sherlock cut him off with simply a raised hand. He then turned his icy gaze to John, who got the message quickly and picked his mop back up.
“It fits, John. She didn’t even trust her own mother’s recollection of her grandmother. Who would know Gina better than Christine? Besides maybe William, being her husband.”
to have it. I’m happy just being with you. I don’t need to wear a ring or have a priest say some words to express what we already know. Which is that we love each other. That’s what matters, right? The rest is all optional. I don’t need it.” He crouched by Sherlock’s chair to meet him at eye-level. Sherlock’s eyes had gone wide, clinging to his every word. “The ceremony, the picket fence. That’s not the kind of life we’ve had together so far,” John continued. “And it’s not necessarily what I expect from our future. It’s just not us. And that’s okay.”
No matter how hard he tried to stop himself, even just to breathe, he couldn’t control it. As he placed his other hand over his mouth to quiet himself, the unrelenting, violent sobs shook him harder and harder. Eventually, no more sound came out. He was reduced to silently shaking shoulders and a rapidly trembling chest.
John was instantly drunk on the feeling of his warm, plush lips. He kissed him again and again, chasing the feeling. The primal need to continue seemed to be mutual, as Sherlock kept pulling his face closer to deepen each kiss.
“Fantastic,” Sherlock said as he took the bag from her. Molly leaned onto the counter and rested her head in her hands. “You should go home. Get some rest.”
As if on cue, the flash of police lights he could barely make out above him at the well’s opening was blocked. Relief flooded through him as the dark figure that could only be Sherlock descended into the well attached to what looked like a thick, sturdy rope.
Mycroft responded with that tight, bitter smile of his. “Believe me, if there was an easier way to have this conversation, I would have taken advantage of it. No, I needed to ensure total privacy.”
Together, they swayed absent-mindedly on the spot, wrapped in each other’s arms, eyes closed and smiling to themselves.
“Not against my will. And what will become of you then? You can’t just keep aimlessly wandering the seas. You’ve achieved your mission. You’ve killed Moriarty. That’s why you became a pirate in the first place.”
“Shut up. I’m almost done.” He had almost loosened the ties around his hands enough to pull one free, but he wasn’t quite there yet.
The violent explosion blasted all around him, and his comrade was blown into bits right outside the trench. John lowered his head as the scorching heat surrounding him seared into his skin.
The urge to lean forward and kiss over the bandages suddenly overtook every fiber in his being. His head began to lower seemingly of its own free will. With his lips hovering mere inches from his chest, he broke out of this hypnotic state and realized what he was doing.
John’s stomach churned, and he suddenly wasn’t in the mood to discuss it. A moment ago, he was dying to clear the air. Now, he felt he’d rather wait another day to permanently ruin their relationship.
He just couldn’t chase off the wrenching feeling in his chest that Sherlock wouldn’t welcome him back.
“NO STOP! Please! They’re in my cabin. There’s a hidden compartment on the underside of my desk. It’s all there. Just…. Please.”
Sherlock flipped through the dusty pages, squinting at the faded print. “It says that when making a contract with a mortal, Moloch will sometimes request the firstborn child in the bloodline. That would have been Christine at the time.”
Inside the box were things from 221B he’d kept when he moved out after Sherlock’s death. Things he intended to keep, but never unpack. Somehow it just seemed inappropriate to display them in the flat he shared with his wife.
He lingered for a moment when only he and Sherlock remained on deck. After a full day of working alone and thinking to himself, he concluded that there never was any attack. Sherlock must have called off the order or something. He felt a slight pang for not giving him a chance and meeting him in his room to explain, but part of his disappointment remained. He needed confirmation, and he felt he owed the man at least a chance at explaining himself before deciding whether or not to ditch the crew.
Jackson and Bolt pushed John, Greg, and Molly against a mast. Victor hauled Sherlock up and had him join them and tied a thick, sturdy rope around all four of them together.
“Alright,” he said reluctantly. One more drink couldn’t hurt. Besides the next round of random karaoke was about to start, and it was always amusing to watch a pair of idiots get up on stage and embarrass themselves. He relaxed against the bar counter and took in the scene around him.
“Shit . . .” John whispered. Sherlock didn’t move for several long moments. He stayed pressed against him in the dark, breathing onto the side of his head. John didn’t mind. In fact, he quite enjoyed the warmth of their bodies pressed together.
He knew their fight last night had gone too far. They both said things they didn’t mean, and they needed to clear the air.
“I knew you were deceiving me, Sherlock. You tried to throw me off and delay my plans as long as possible. But it didn’t work, did it? I told you, Sherlock, there are some things that I’m better at than you. And I brought myself back on track and finished tracking Moriarty down without your help.”
Mycroft fixed him with a knowing look. A look that Sherlock gave him all the time. One that irritated the hell out of him. A look that told John he was expected to know something that hadn’t been stated, decipher some sort of conversational code.
Sherlock groaned irritably, almost like a child being woken for school, and burrowed his face into the pillow. John laughed nestled into the curls on the back of his head, enjoying the feel of them tickling his face. He shifted lower and began sucking softly into the groove between his neck and shoulders. He pulled back and smacked a kiss there, and then moved to the other side.
John looked at Greg, who was watching with misty eyes. He remembered the few times Sherlock had talked about his family – he’d spoken as though he never wanted to see them again. Like he’d been freed from their clutches and never looked back. But he also remembered that night he’d caught Sherlock high out of his mind. He’d rambled about their abandonment, how he’d disgraced them and couldn’t live with their disappointment. John had been curious about which version of events held more truth, but he’d never asked. He’d never pushed Sherlock into talking about it. And now he realized, as Sherlock trembled in the arms of this man, that he’d carried something with him for all these years – a burden, a troubling secret, a painful wound too heavy for anyone to have to bear alone.
Sherlock looked down, not eager to admit defeat. “Nothing. He didn’t talk.” As Victor opened his mouth, he was immediately cut off. “Save it. I know. This one is being particularly obstinate. We’ll just have to go about it differently.”
“Sherlock…” he whispered to himself as tears prickled in his eyes, blurring his vision. Sherlock willingly walked forward and looked down into the dark, ominous water.
As soon as they reached the foot of his bed, John growled low and dove into his neck. He licked up the pale column hungrily, making Sherlock shiver. He grazed his teeth over the skin and skimmed his hand under the hem of his shirt, softly caressing his waistline.
John ignored him, and they continued eating in comfortable silence, their ankles crossed against each other’s under the table.
Then John remembered that Moriarty had once bugged their flat with cameras and had broken in several times. If John breathed a word to Sherlock, she would undoubtedly know.  In fact, she’s probably been tracking their every action since Sherlock came back.
He tried to hide his disappointment when Sherlock snapped right back to business. Whatever was just about to happen had dissolved into the air - the moment lost forever.
Sherlock looked down at it in surprise. He knew they were both thinking of his stag night, so long ago, when a similar touch had occurred.
The crewmen carried the last of their newly acquired assets to their ship, leaving them alone on the deck with Moriarty. He strolled over slowly and looked down at them with a nasty smirk.
John sobbed quietly into Molly’s shoulder, hating himself for breaking in front of everyone like this. She rubbed his back and shushed him gently. “Oh, John,” she said, leaking a few tears herself. Greg, stone-faced from shock, squeezed his shoulder tightly.
One of their last nights together before the fall. John had reached through the metal bars and pulled Sherlock in close by his coat, their hand cuffed together above them. Their lips hovered. He could feel his breath on his skin. He could have done it then. They were so close . . .
After a few hours passed, John decided the ambush must be over by now, and he should probably help out on deck for the remainder of the day. Upon arriving on deck, he was surprised to see everyone making their rounds as usual. He looked around for Molly but found that she was up at the wheel conversing lightly with Greg. It was hardly in good taste to interrupt, so he took up his old prison job: mop and bucket.
The boy seemed even further impressed. They sang the entire next part strutting in circles around each other. The crowd was loving it.
John finally met his eyes with a small but unabashed smile. It lit his face up like the sun. “I’m glad you’re here,” he admitted into the quiet space just between them. The statement was simple to an outsider, but between them it held the weight of all they’d been through the last few years. All the times they’d almost lost each other, and all the times they never expressed how they felt.
He froze and looked around him. The sheets to his left were disturbed, and the door leading to the hallway was slightly ajar. Sherlock had woken up, seen them sleeping together, and left.
“Alone, yes, I know. Impossible. But Sherlock here has spent years dedicating his life to this. With his help and with the scraps of his work we found in his desk, a piece of cake.”
“Aww, none of that now,” he drawled, rising from the chair and stalking towards her. He stopped in front of her and watched blankly as she continued sniffling softly and wiping forming tears from her ducts before they fell. “Are you happy to see me?” he repeated softly – and genuinely this time.
John smiled and turned into the touch. Their lips joined once again, more desperately than before. Sherlock broke away to kiss tenderly at the corner of his jaw and then nestle into his wet neck.
John pulled free and lunged towards Moriarty, grabbing him roughly by his lapels. Moriarty simply chuckled, holding up his hands to stop his men from shooting everyone they were holding at gunpoint.
“Sherlock, look at me,” he coaxed, much more gently this time. “Please… please let me in.” He took the detective’s wet face in his hands and angled his head towards his own. Sherlock sniffled softly in response.
John collapsed onto his back once more and breathed in relief. A wave of drowsiness overcame him. He wanted nothing more than to escape back to the safety of sleep this instant.
Sherlock, still buried in his microscope, was now turned completely away from John so he couldn’t see him at all. More frustrated than before, John clenched his teeth. Here he was trying to get somewhere with Sherlock. Trying to rebuild their relationship after the whole incident with Mary. And the stubborn man was simply ignoring him.
John’s panic quickly transformed into rage as realization dawned: Sherlock had somehow ensured that he would be the chosen victim.
“Would you like to stay?” Again, just barely a whisper. If John hadn’t been listening for it, he wouldn’t have heard. Nonetheless, his heart leapt at the invitation to spend the night with Sherlock for the first time.
John reached up, careful not to disturb his wound, and carded through his curls. He ran his thumb over his cheekbones and down to brush across his bottom lip. God, he was beautiful. Just magnificent. He wanted nothing more than to flip them over and treat him how someone as brilliant and gorgeous as him deserved to be treated. But he knew he couldn’t. So instead he relaxed into the bed, relinquishing control, and fully giving himself over to Sherlock.
Again as if on cue, the last lantern on the wall fell. The glass smashed, and flames erupted onto the dangling curtains and nearby wood.
The party was already alive and buzzing. The mingling guests around them were all either dressed a formal tuxedo or an evening gown. Two long tables with refreshments lined the far walls of the room- decorative fruit baskets and sweet trays from the looks of it.
Sherlock leaned against the patterned wallpaper, clutching the wrinkled piece of paper in his hands.
John nervously ran his palms down his thighs wiping the sweat off of them. He was terrified. He had almost lost Sherlock for the second time not even a week ago. His wife was a murderous assassin. And he was about to find out who she really was. The woman he had married. The woman who was carrying his child. The woman who had shot Sherlock and gotten away with it.
"Detective Sherlock Holmes' coat and scarf have been stolen! But luckily, the culprit left behind some clues." Sherlock looked to John’s coat pockets again before digging in and pulling out one of John's gloves.
John closed the door behind him and entered. "Just wanted check on you." No response. "You okay?" Silence. "What happened up there today? With you and Victor?"
He and Greg both realized that they were making no attempt to slow down or stop where Greg and Molly were. Their gaze was fixed past them, directly on John. He realized they didn’t care about Greg or Molly. They only wanted him. Greg realized this too. “Go. GO!”
Sherlock considered this for a moment. “In mythology, it’s always a family member that has to pay the price for such deals. It has to be someone in the bloodline or it doesn’t count. So why would it mess with us?”
John hung up and finally made his way out the door. He jogged down the dark, deserted hallway, pushing open each door he passed, his panic rising with each empty room.
hadn't messed with Sherlock at all, but forced his mind to drop it. It was not something to contemplate at this hour.
“So did you know? That you were going to survive when you agreed to jump? Or did you think of the rope after?”
“John, let me remind you of who I am.  I am an intelligence agent and an experienced assassin.  If you think you can get away with spitting in my face like this, then frankly, you’re an idiot. I can make you suffer. I have killed and will kill again. And John,” She paused, her voice lower and crueler than he’d heard her speak before. “You do not want to be on my bad side.”
He was seeing Sherlock less and less. His performances at work were subpar at best. And he was a terrified father-to-be. His stomach churned every time he remembered that in a few months, Mary would give birth to a baby that would tie them together forever. He was often tired, cranky, and just all around miserable. The little time he was able to spend with Sherlock was often rushed, icy, and awkward.
He gasped and jumped back at what he found almost immediately. “Sherlock. I think you’ll want to see this.”
Sherlock’s voice piped up after some time sounding small and cautious. “John, I . . . there was more empty space in the wall. I could hear it.” John met his eye. They both knew what they would find there.
John was taken aback. He had expected to be roughly hauled up like he was with Jackson, but here he was being offered a hand up. He took the man’s hand and was pulled gently to his feet.
He struggled to prop himself up on his elbow, despite the sharp ache in his side. He looked frantically at the door to his left and then to his right.  Sitting in a chair right by his bedside was Sherlock, alive and breathing. Apart from the decent-sized bandage on his head, he looked relatively well. Exhausted and worn, but well.
“Of course! You’re the Holmes boy. The younger one if I remember correctly. Your older brother was something of prick, was he not?” He paused, stroking his chin thoughtfully. “Yes… That’s right, I shot up your mummy and daddy, didn’t I? Gosh,” he said, smiling as if remembering a fond childhood memory. “That was so long ago. We were both so young.  I was just starting out in my life as a pirate lord, and I was already able to take down one of the most influential families in Britain.”
Sherlock checked his watch anxiously. It’s definitely been long enough. Anytime now he would make an excuse to leave and head home.
Sherlock took his silence as a forfeit. “We promised Josephine three nights here. That’s what we’re going to give her.”
Sherlock gave him a quick once-over. He said he’d come running as soon as possible. But the dampness in his hair suggested he’d gelled it up right before leaving. He picked up a trace of recently applied cologne as well. Instead of berating him for cleaning up before coming to the morgue of all places, he turned to John.
“Shut up, John. It doesn’t matter. Just forget it.” He spoke gently as his hand continued to soothe him.
“The same reason I ambushed your cruise ship, John. I feel they possess information useful to me and my agenda. And as a pirate, I wish to claim it.”
“I suspect it was just physical for him. But Victor let feelings get involved and that’s probably why Sherlock ended it.”
“Sherlock, you’ve got a bit of . . .” He leaned forward and swiped the bit of sauce off his lip, ignoring the pair of wide, horrified, nearly
Sherlock turned the page of his chemistry book and sighed. Why did he think he’d be able to get any studying done here? He never should have agreed to come.
Thanks for reading and I hope you enjoyed! Happy summer to everyone who's on break and good luck to everyone taking final exams at this time<3
Sherlock’s head snapped towards him as the crowd cheered in encouragement. Particularly the rugby team. He was good! . . . And his big, blue eyes were focused directly on him.
John’s lips spread into a cheeky grin. “And what makes you think I’m going to have sex with you?” he asked, leaning into him and knowing full well that that’s what he was about to do. His stomach fluttered with anticipation at the mere thought.
The van took John to an area of town that was just as isolated and run-down as the hostel they’d stayed at all those weeks ago. Hardly any trees could be spotted along the drive and the rocky, poorly paved road made for a bumpy ride. The van pulled up to a building and John hopped out. The motel in front of him was single-story and just as worn as the faded out lines on the parking lot. The tile in the front was stained and yellowed as the muggy windows, and the landscaping was dried up and wilted.
No, John had absolutely no right to expect Sherlock to still include him. He had every right and reason to cut him out of his work life all together. But John wouldn’t pretend it didn’t cut him deeply to think that they would ever reach a point where Sherlock wouldn’t want him around anymore. A point where he would stop inviting him on cases, stop telling him when Lestrade texted, stop seeing him as his partner.
“Don’t make jokes when you’re nervous John. Just bring the bags in so we can settle in and get started.”
Sherlock wrapped his arms around his waist and back, pulling him in tight. His fingers curled into his shirt, gripping the material as if he might vanish from between his arms at any moment. He pulled back to catch his breath, but John chased after his lips, closing the distance between them again.
Sherlock paced and tugged at his curls. He passed John and Molly, who were eyeing him curiously, and Lestrade who was doing the same while sneaking side glances at Molly.
“Good,” he hoarsely whispered back. That was all he needed to know for right now. With peace of mind, he settled back into his pillows and closed his eyes.
When it was finished, they spent a long moment catching their breaths. John kissed his throat again, and sloppily smeared his mouth over his clavicle before rolling over onto his own side.
“Well, Doctor Watson, you’ll be alright as well. We’ve got you patched up and managed to stop the bleeding before any serious amount was lost. We can’t discharge you today though. We need to run a few more tests, just to make sure. And we’ll need to keep an eye on you for a bit. After that you’ll be free to go home.”
“It was Gina,” Sherlock said quietly after some time. John nodded without tearing his gaze from the flames. “All the missing children. It was her. Including her own,” he added with finality.
“Do I know you? You look… familiar.” Beside John, Sherlock, breathing heavily in barely-controlled rage, was glaring wrathfully at the man through the fallen curls in front of his eyes.
“Yes, sir,” John said, though he felt his hopes once again drain out of him. He’d miss out on the rest of the meeting, but at the same time, he was glad to get away from Evans and his cryptic words and unnerving stares. All three men watched him as he scooted his chair back, creating a loud squeak on the hardwood floor. He let himself out, and the door shut slowly behind him, locking him out of everything going on on the other side of it. After a moment, he pressed his ear against the door, but all he could make out were vague mumbles.
