It’s the way things are to be; this work, this small town, this life. Dean simply isn’t like Sam. He isn’t good at school. He doesn’t have big things headed his way. He has no real aspirations other than to get by. Working right here his whole life is about the best thing that could happen to him. So he accepts it. When the time comes, it would be his. And that would be that. People like Sam and Castiel...they would leave this place. Castiel would play the piano for a living in some big city, make a name for himself. Sam would go to college, law school, maybe. Something fancy. But Dean would stay behind. He doesn’t curse them for it. If anything, he’s happy they’re the type of people who will find their way someplace else. It’s simply how things are supposed to be, and Dean knows it all too well.
Stunned, Castiel frantically looks around. Hardly a second had passed before they were no longer in the bathroom, but someplace else entirely.
other men. Surely there is some biblical damnation to be had for that act alone.
The other gives him a long look. “I know.”
Castiel swallows thickly, gripping the steering wheel tight in his hands.
“You know I’m real bad at this goodbye stuff so...yeah. This is it. I’ll...I’ll come back to visit. I’ll come back. You just...you just take care of yourself.”
Dean nods, afraid that if he tries to speak, nothing but a series of senseless noises would come out.
His eyes cast down to the simple cross pendant hanging around Castiel’s neck. Instinctively, Castiel grabs the pendant, feeling his breath catch in his throat. He had been buried with the pendant, though the cross suspended there brings him little comfort now. His faith in all that the small object once represented burned just as he had burned in the fires of hell. Cut, stripped, and carved away; he had long discarded its messages. But God had been absent in that pit. Absent as he had been since the day Castiel was born. Since the day his home burned.
“I’m fine,” he croaks. “Fine...I’m fine. That’s...that’s great, Cas’. I’m so happy for you.”
Dean stares at him for a moment before forcing the next words out of his mouth.
As a heads up, this fic will very likely have more than 10 chapters. I have many of them written out already, but I'm using 10 as a guide marker for now. Thank you for reading!
“Sorry, Castiel,” she says calmly. “But I don’t have any more time to chat today. But it
“Momma!” Lucifer calls out, his eyes wide. “Look! This is the biggest one I’ve ever caught!”
“Inventory of pain medication came up short. Again. I talked it over with Reese and we both agreed we think someone is stealing supplies. This is the third time this month inventory has had this discrepancy - and we’ve checked twice.”
“I think this was his,” Dean points out. The clasp is broken, likely damaged from the fall. His younger brother and their father peer at it curiously.
“You know, I came very, very close to telling them to bring you here themselves. But I didn’t have to. They suggested you before your name ever left my lips.”
Dean sighs. He looks down at his feet, unable to answer right away. At his feet, a small cricket jumps between his shoes before hopping away into the grass. He watches it go, momentarily distracted.
He wraps an arm around Castiel’s shoulders, kneeling beside him with a sigh. Feeling content, Castiel leans his head against Dean’s shoulder.
The older Castiel laughs bitterly. “There
“Yes, I’d prefer not to be aware of my brother’s sexual adventures.”
Castiel eyes the half-empty bottles of liquor on the desk.
Castiel realizes. Flushing, Dean pours more of the lubricant onto his hand at Castiel’s instruction, guiding him to slick up his cock from base to tip. Awed, Castiel can see that he’s rock-hard, turned on just from pleasing Castiel with his mouth and fingers.
Castiel thinks to himself.
“I’ll trust you when you start giving me answers. Until then, I don’t know where we stand, Dean. You were wrong to assume I’d do as I was told just because of my faith in God. And I...I’m not strong enough to be who you or heaven needs me to be. I’m tired. I can’t kill my brother even if I
to be Jo’s doing - but would she bring the entire city to ruin just to make a point? Was this what she meant by ‘perspective?’
“Funeral?” he croaks. “What…?”
“No, Dean,” she says quietly. “Heaven placed too much of its faith in old order and destruction. You didn’t cause destruction. Heaven collapsed all on its own.”
“Move your finger, yes. You can use two.”
“It would not have come to a fight had Dean simply walked away.”
he can’t help but see in the angel’s eyes. From the day they met, everything about Dean had shattered every expectation Castiel had about angels and faith.
Dean passes a thick swallow. Images of Castiel’s bruised, broken face strike across his vision, fast and harsh as lightning in a storm cloud.
miles and miles from here -
Castiel nods in agreement. He isn’t looking at Dean, not now; he’s pushing himself upright into a sitting position to watch his brother gather flowers out on the lawn. Dean follows his gaze “He is. He has a lot of life in him...I hope he learns to play the piano one day. On a piano that’s in-tune...one that he can learn on properly.”
Visions slice across Castiel’s vision, cutting through his head at breakneck speed. Painful, throbbing colors. Blue bruises, purple blood. Red intestines. Yellow fluid. He blinks, shoving them aside quickly before they can engulf him. He tries to imagine a thick wall between himself and forty years of putrid color threatening to spill over the edges of his conscience.
Dean immediately begins launching into his favorite Beatles records, naming at least ten off the top of his head as Castiel nods along in genuine interest. The whole time, he keeps a tight grip on the necklace, as though terrified to lose it again. Dean does most of the talking as they walk together, with Castiel nodding in agreement when Dean names a song that he particularly likes, or confirming whether or not he is able to play a song that Dean likes. As they talk, the two hardly even realize they had walked all the way down the road. Slowly, the town’s atmosphere begins to take a seedy undertone; cracks begin appearing more frequently on the sidewalk, the buildings appeared more run-down. Several men sitting on the curb drinking from paper bags raised their heads as the two young boys walked past. Quickly, Castiel extends a stiff arm in front of Dean, who stops dead in his tracks.
On the ground, Castiel can’t move. He won’t move. He doesn't care if he never moves again. At his knees, several crickets hop across the grass. Swaying, Castiel wordlessly touches the ground with his fingers. He stares down at the grass as a cold breeze makes him shiver, the only sensation his body can register as his head bows loosely past his shoulders. Now that the hole is shut, a silence that feels achingly permanent makes his ears ring.
The cryptic answer makes Dean frown, but he doesn’t press for answers. If Castiel wanted him to know, he’d tell him, wouldn’t he?
They hug again, and this time, the hug is easier for Castiel to give.
before. But whether or not he has, Dean takes to the desperate closeness well. He grabs Castiel by the hips and pulls him closer until their bodies are pressed flush together, making Castiel quickly forget how to breathe. Or think. Or care about anything else that isn’t Dean. He can
Castiel drives back to Balthazar’s house, having taken a separate car should Balthazar want to stay, and waits. Waiting is all that he can do. He brushes his fingers over the scar, again and again, as though hoping it would provide some answer, though he hates its presence and all that it represents. What he knows is that whatever this thing is, it isn’t friendly. Far from it. And when Balthazar gets back, hours later, Castiel tells him that he wants to go after the being that raised him from hell, dangerous or not.
Dean rolls his eyes. “If you start turning into my brother, I swear I’m gonna jump off a building.”
“Your brother has to be stopped,” Dean says quietly. “What he is doing...isn’t a coincidence. He must be planning to raise the Devil from the cage, possibly with the help of other demons.”
The pain is vast and his body locks up, rigid and immobile as the thumping in his chest grows harsh and thick. His vision flickers. He chokes on nothing in his throat. He shoves down the instinct to cry out Dean’s name. Dean
“You better try,” Castiel growls, trying and failing to sound angry. He wants to feel angry again, but now he feels too drained to do anything but stand on his own two feet. “Why was my brother trying to break a Seal?”
Dean wipes his hands down his face, standing stiffly upright. “I think I feel too much. For the world. Hell...for you. I’m gonna make this right. Save the world the right way. It’s my duty. Not yours. Not anybody else’s.”
Castiel sighs as Dean raises his eyebrows in silent agreement. “Okay - Dean, what did you mean by a ‘den of iniquity…?’ You’re making it sound like we’re going to a-...a whore house.”
you.”
Castiel watches him, not daring to speak. He glances over his shoulder as Balthazar peers in from the living room, giving Castiel a very pointed look that screams
Castiel watches in horror as Dean raises his blade, glowing, white eyes boring into his brother’s. The Devil sighs, shaking his head. His jaw is set in place as he nods once.
“Samuel killed Robert’s entire charge of angels and Castiel killed him. They’re all dead.” Even now, Dean’s voice is distant and far away.
the one who feels lost and without answers. “I’m sick of your excuses, Dean. I’m a bug in the dirt to you.”
“Dean, I...I wish I knew what to say. You’re...you’re so good to me. These past few months —”
Not even once."
telling me you have angels chasing you down for crimes against heaven, and now you want me to be your human shield?”
He’s aware of Castiel’s eyes on him, but he says nothing more. He stares at his notebook instead, grateful for when the music begins to soothe Dean’s nerves. It seems to please Castiel, too. He smiles and bobs his head, his eyes glazing off into another world entirely. Dean watches him for a moment, knowing Castiel would stay like that until Dean taps him on the shoulder or says something loud enough to pull him back into the real world. Which is why, when Castiel does speak on his own, Dean nearly jumps in his seat.
“Yes, yes I am here. Sorry. Yes, Jo’ has nice thighs.”
Castiel sighs before speaking again.
Dea looks at him and shakes his head. “The same reason anyone would want to. To raise the Devil. But we don’t...know
“Oh my goodness...are you okay?”
where he belongs at Castiel’s side.
He continues his work. Tomorrow, he’ll find the tools to etch Balthazar and Lucifer’s name into the rocks. After a moment, Dean kneels, still holding the umbrella over him to shield him from the icy rain.
“Hey, you two. Couple’s night?”
He feels sick. It’s only Sam’s hand on his shoulder that keeps him from dropping to his knees in the middle of the yard. He hadn’t even noticed his brother had followed him outside. Vaguely, he’s aware of his father’s car pulling into their driveway behind them. But he doesn’t give it a second look. He clutches his stomach, and vomits into the grass, his stomach lurching painfully as it empties its contents. His brother, and soon even his father, are the ones who finally usher him back inside.
“It’s good to see you again, Castiel. My greatest apprentice in hell. My
he thinks to himself. Already, he has a bad feeling about this. Between the time Jo knocked him out and now, something had happened - something
As the winding road narrows to a single-lane dirt path, Castiel leans against the window of the passenger side of the HMMWV, eyeing the cars following close behind in the rearview mirror that contains the rest of the camp members, armed with every gun, knife, and box of ammunition left at Camp Chitaqua. Soon, the sight of the farmhouse sitting high atop the hill swims into view as the dirt path takes them past the familiar pond.
Dean eyes him. “Wish you could what?”
Castiel swallows. “So what do you plan on doing about it?”
at all. Castiel’s mouth hangs open in disbelief as he struggles to find words.
He presses harder. Castiel cries out in pain.
Dean smiles. That’s all that he needed to hear.
But all he can see is Dean.
Dean nods. “Oh. Cool. What's the job?”
Final chapter. Hoping it's a good one, everyone.
What are you, some kinda sleep-’n-run? Didn’t you
Giving him an odd look, Castiel watches Dean as he approaches the large piano, running his hand gently across the surface. Sleek and black, Dean can tell the instrument has seen a number of years. The color is faded, especially on the black bench, and the keys are slightly yellow with wear. Several papers remain stuffed against the tray meant to hold sheets of music. Dean sits down on the bench, running his fingers absently across the keys before Castiel moves to sit beside him.
This place is going to be their home. Home, home, home. Dean isn’t sure when it’s supposed to feel like home. But he can only hope it’ll be soon as he drifts off to sleep.
. He offers his hand and Castiel hesitantly accepts it, climbing to his feet with relative ease. He looks at Dean in astonishment as he quickly brushes himself off, looking around for any sign that Benny might return.
“Got it.”
Dean nods in careful thought. “I just pulled it from your memories. Wasn’t sure what this place was or what it meant, but I figured it’d be better than that gorefest back there.”
“There are many ways to be intelligent. I could never fix a car the way you could, or learn the skills to repair simple objects the way you can.” Instinctively, Castiel’s hand goes over his music pendant that Dean had fixed for him months ago.
“No. It wasn’t. Thank you for taking the time to speak with me. I don’t really have...um...friends.”
Eventually, she leaves - important business to return to. But she promises to come back to visit. Castiel can tell Dean is worried about her, still. Angel infighting is serious. Dead angels are dead family members, even if Dean has no immediate plans to return to heaven.
“Sure,” he breathes. Castiel carefully comes up behind him, the front of him pressing gently against Dean’s back. He reaches around to take Dean’s hands in his own, impossibly gentle. His hands are smaller than Dean’s and much colder. He places them gently over top of Dean’s, and Dean is acutely aware of Castiel’s gentle breath ghosting across his hair.
“They won’t touch you if I’m with you?” he asks slowly. Dean shakes his head.
“Save it, Dean,” he snaps. It comes out harsher than he intends. “You let me jerk you off in the same seat you’re sitting in now. Are you really trying to threaten me? Now?”
“I said what I said, Dean,” John says at last, still refusing to look at his son. “If you two walk out that door, don’t expect me to welcome you back.”
Dean stands before him, eyebrows raised with dim curiosity. Castiel could almost say Dean looks
he wants this as much as he knows that he trusts Dean. But even still, the urge to shy away from what he desires is strong. It’s deep-seated and it’s ugly, and Castiel is sick of running from it. He’s sick of running from
“What are you laughing at?” Naomi asks. Her lips curl into a small smile. “Care to share with the class, Castiel?”
Dean glares at him as he puts the record in the player. As the music begins to hum, Dean pulls out his backpack to uselessly look at his science “notes” - mostly Led Zeppelin quotes and a single formula from class that Dean has no idea what it’s supposed to mean.
of your fate, Castiel,” she says softly. He tries to pull away, but now her hold on him is real — he can’t move now that his body is alert, on-edge, and desperate to fight back against her presence.
, or if he’s weird, or anything else that —
Castiel presses his lips together in a hard line. His movements stiff and robotic, he huffs a short sigh.
against his lips, again and again, panting the silence with the most honest thing he’s ever said in his life. They pull away, dazed, unable to stop looking at one another.
Dean shoots his brother a look. “Have you
“Turn left up here,” Dean says, gesturing with his chin at the sharp curve in the road. “We’re almost there.”
Castiel snorts. “It’s quite inconvenient, yes.”
“Play it,” he encourages him earnestly. “I want to hear it.”
“The Devil was an angel, once,” Dean says quietly. "And Robert is a Loyalist. Wanted to raise the Devil. He...he tried to kill me. Or at least apprehend me. Got the upper hand. If it weren’t for your brother stepping in, I would have died. I was a coward. I couldn’t bring myself to kill a brother.”
The pressures and whims of heaven will no longer be her own. All at the price of every angel in heaven hating her guts and wanting to throw her into a torture cell the minute they get their hands on her. Those premonitions she was having about the apocalypse were her gaining her memories back. Angel radio on high. She’s lived as a human for so long, was reborn as an infant...and now it’s all coming back to bite her in the ass.”
Jo takes a cautious step closer to him, her eyes searching his own for any sign of weakness. Any reason for her not to trust him. “He’s in heaven,” she tells him. “A place I can’t go back to. I’d be killed on the spot before I even reached him.”
This is stupid. Dean has no business following Castiel, and already, he feels his cheeks burn at the idea of being caught. But he can’t bring himself to stop. What if something were to happen to him? Dean grits his teeth; stupid. Castiel can handle himself. Castiel isn’t a child, and he’s not Dean’s responsibility. But even still, Dean presses onward.
Something with unimaginable power far beyond anything they had ever seen or could even begin to understand.
He takes Dean’s chin in his hand and pulls him in for another kiss. Castiel murmurs
The other chuckles. “You’d be surprised what’s out there. It’s written in the language of God, so none of us could even read it. It took us three years to track down the devices needed to tap into the “factory settings” of another angel who
“Yeah, that’s just him, though. He’s fine.”
“I’m done running,” she says. “What’s left of heaven is in chaos. No one cares about a runaway like me, anymore. I’m going to go back up there and fix the mess the angels caused.”
Benny gives Dean a small, sad smile. “Heh. Gettin’ out of here after all, eh? Looks like you’re gonna make it after all. I’m proud of you, brother.” He gives Dean an affectionate punch on the arm, a gesture that makes Dean grin with embarrassment.
Castiel must be hurt. He turns back to watch the house with heavy eyes and a sense that he simply can’t stop failing the people he cares for the most.
he thinks desperately, praying to God, to the angels, to anyone who might be listening.
“Who’s going to work the shop?” John interrupts. “You know I can’t do it on my own, Dean.”
“Then let’s go,” Sam says suddenly. Dean breathes a sigh of relief that he hadn’t known he’d been holding.
Dean stiffens where he sits, his jaw noticeably clenching in the bright room. “I suspected it. But I didn’t know for sure. I...felt it would do you more harm than good to fill your head with that kind of suspicion when I had no way of knowing for sure. I just knew you didn’t go because of your sexual orientation. Or because of you failing anybody.”
“Yes,” she says slowly. “I think she’s here. A demon. Castiel…” She reaches out a hand to touch him, but before he can react, the doors of the church fly open and a woman steps inside. Standing stiffly to attention, she looks between the two of them with a slow nod, amusement crossing her sharp features. Power radiates from her presence - a familiar power that makes Castiel’s blood run cold. Her hair is pulled back in a tight bun, a gray suit hugging tightly to her figure. Her eyes roll back, revealing a murky white. Castiel grabs his demon knife from his pocket.
how dangerous this was…”
“I wanna fix a car,” Gabriel insists. “I want to fix our car. It’s really broken.”
He lays back on the bed, debating on his next move before the door to the cabin opens with a loud
idea where Dean even is. Or where to begin looking.
“Wh-hey, Cas’,” he stammers. “I haven’t seen you all day. What are you — “
He's greeted by a dark hallway with several doors on either side. The thud of music sounds from someplace upstairs, mixing with the loud, ceaseless chatter of voices. Down the hall, a cracked doorway reveals a beam of dim, purple light and quiet, older voices. Softly, Dean creeps closer to the door, straining his ears for any sign of Castiel on the other side.
“Dean,” he says slowly. Castiel tries to choose his next words with care. “Did you know Lucifer was the one who sent me to hell?”
"How can you defend him? He pushed you into a table, Dean! He
Above him, it begins to rain. Not cold enough to snow, the icy drizzle makes Castiel shiver as he uses the hand shovel to hack away at the earth. Once two shallow holes are made, he trudges over to the edge of the property, taking one of the large rocks stacked near the fence in his arms and heaving it into one of the holes. It’s enough to keep it from rolling away, and soon, he does the same to the other. When it’s done, he covers the shallow holes with dirt, keeping the rocks secure and in place - a small, crude monument to the ones he misses the most. He hardly notices the bitter sting of the freezing rain on his skin - the work consumes him. Lets him forget about his grief, if only for a little while even if his hands sting as the rain continues to trickle down from the overcast.
Castiel rubs his eyes with a yawn. “Fine,” he says simply. “I got the job. I was up late. It’s why I’m so tired.”
“No. I wasn’t,” Dean agrees. Even admitting that out loud takes more strength than Dean thought that he had. “Still hurt, though. My old man’s been hitting on Sam...hates me for, well…” He gestures lamely to Benny.
“I was going to also say ‘childhood trauma.’”
Dean sighs. “What you’re looking at now is something called ‘The Rising of the Witnesses.’ It’s a seal to the Devil’s cage,” he explains patiently. Castiel feels his entire body grow cold. “There are many of them. Six-hundred and sixty-six to be precise. And once sixty-six of those are broken, the Devil will be free from the cage that holds him and walk the Earth.”
Please let me do this."
“Angels,” Dean whispers. “Angels. Every single one of them. They’re falling. It’s over. Everything...heaven...the angels...it’s over. It’s finally over.”
“And be sure to bring cash,” he points out. “These guys don’t get paid by the owners of the clubs - it’s all tips. There’s a reason why most strip club owners go to hell, Castiel. Grab your wallet and let’s run.”
“You know about the apocalypse,” Castiel says slowly. “The Seals. The angels, Samhain...my brother. How?”
how hard I was hoping you wouldn’t let Robert destroy this place. How much I was
another man to touch him, to hold him, and love him the way Dean does. Benny’s ugly death was not a punishment for daring to love another man, either. He has to believe that, now.
Digging around in her jacket, the doctor pulls a small, blue book from her pocket and opens it up, handing it to Castiel to see.
this place? It’s so small. I feel like I’m choking on suburbia every time I walk out the door. There’s nothing to do here...and everyone just does the same thing. Again and again.”
"See, the problem with that is that I'm not like other angels," Dean says, quirking an eyebrow at Naomi. "I don't trade lives like that. At least, not anymore. Might be more convenient in the long run, sure, but between you and me? I'm getting sick of that game. So here's how it's gonna go: you're gonna hand over Castiel, and I'm gonna walk away with him and Jo, here, and I
They’re safe, for now. Heaven is too busy with itself to look for Dean. Castiel doesn’t have any more enemies of his own. They operate in orbit around each other, talking here and there, watching television together, making small repairs to the house. Castiel even manages to bring himself to go on a hunt close to the house in the weeks that follow. It feels good to save people again. To kill the things looking to harm others who only want to live their lives.
he thinks to himself.
Balthazar waves him off. Castiel trusts Balthazar - he always has. And he knows that Balthazar is no better with declarations of sentiment than Castiel is himself. “We should try and find your brother. And then we need to figure out what exactly decided to drag you out of that blasted pit.”
“But you’re a good little soldier who does as he’s told,” Castiel whispers. His eyes are dark and full of grief as he looks miserably at Dean.
What his future self seems to have forgotten, however, is that this isn’t his first time being handcuffed to someplace he doesn’t want to be. From his position on the bed, Castiel can stretch out his free arm and grab a dusty polaroid portrait of the camp survivors hanging from a frame on the wall and pry the nail out of the woodwork keeping it up. Grinning to himself, he twists his wrist around and, after several long, agonizing minutes, pulls the nail into the handcuff lock to force it into popping open. He’s free. Looking around, Castiel slides off the bed, carefully crossing the dirty floor and pushing open the door of the cabin to peer outside.
Dean only shakes his head. “Sam...even if we can’t find him, I still want to do this. With you. But I...I just want to see that he’s...okay. That he’s happy. That he-he didn’t get kidnapped or-or get himself
“No, it’s not that...it’s just that you and I barely know each other. I mean, hell, I totally loved talking to you about music and stuff. But I was just...surprised. That you said it that way.”
“Dean.”
“They’re reprogramming me as we speak. It’s...painful. Invasive. Horrible, really. I would know. I invented the whole process centuries ago.”
help right now. But Lucifer is the last person who should be here. And so, Castiel is alone. He tries to think - if he were a psychiatric patient receiving messages about the apocalypse from God-only-knows-where, where would he go? What would bring him comfort if he was trying to flee from something in his own head?
“Relax. I got you outta there. We flew.”
Sam frowns. “Why?”
If this is the day that he thinks that it is, then that must mean -
“This witch is going to break another Seal,” Dean says shortly. His bluntness surprises Castiel. He had expected a far more cryptic answer. “That witch will sacrifice three people - and she’s already sacrificed two. And then she will raise the demon Samhain and the Seal will be broken.”
“That won’t be necessary, Dean,” Castiel says simply.
mind —?”
“I know, Dean,” Castiel sighs. His head hurts, and his whole body feels weak and unsteady. “I know. But I don’t know where he is, where to find him, or how to stop him. If you expect me to be able to kill him...then you’ve got the wrong guy.”
“Alright, whatever. You do you. I’ll be back.”
“Uh...do angels...have a….sense of sexuality as humans do?”
“Meg is pretty, I supposed,” he murmurs, picking up one of Dean’s Elvis records. Dean frowns.
“My faith was an empty thing before I met you,” Castiel says, desperate for Dean to hear him. “I found comfort in your strength. In
“I’m going to give you part of my grace. A very, very small part - small enough that it should hardly have any effect on you. It should allow you to sense where he is, even in heaven. Be careful with it, okay?”
“Ay! I’m nobody’s
Castiel frowns. “Do they not tell you that they enjoy spending time with you?”
“Hey, kiddo,” Dean greets the younger brother. He gives Castiel a quick ‘hey,’ quickly slamming the hood of the white chevy he’d been fixing the brakes on for the past half hour. Gabriel waves at him with a gloved hand.
“Yes, fine.” His voice is hoarse and dry. He hastily tries to clear it as he stammers out a request for a single shot of whiskey, neat.
Castiel doesn’t look at him. But he nods a silent ‘yes’ as he watches Gabriel play. In the middle of the yard, the world seems to spin around them, unfurling some great becoming that neither of them will ever get to see. The whole world turns around this small town, Dean realizes. Nothing happens here. Time simply moves on without them. He always knew Castiel would leave this place behind. But now, the thought of losing him for good makes Dean feel sick. His head spins, and suddenly, he’s convinced he can’t breathe.
Sometimes, Dean knocks on the Novaks’ door when he’s feeling particularly brave. But nobody answers, and the house remains quiet as a tomb. Dean searches for any sign of Castiel at school when Dean does decide to go and finds none, day after day as March bleeds into early April.
Dean shrugs. “Well, I just got here. So that makes two of us. Wanna be friends?”
“Mom?” he whispers. Their mother looks up, giving Castiel a wide smile.
“I told Balthazar that I had no memories of-of that. Of her.”
he said. Castiel feels a sinking sensation creep into his stomach as he tries to find his voice again.
They wait. Dean tells John what they plan to do when his father is sitting in front of the TV, beer in one hand. He doesn’t look at Dean, and for a long moment, doesn’t respond. The heaviness lingers in the air, and perhaps a small, small part of Dean hopes that his father doesn’t confirm what he had said just a week ago. But a larger part of him knows that he will. And that Dean would have to be okay with that.
if the Devil gets booted out of the cage. You’re a hunter, right Castiel? You of all people should know the virtue of sacrifice.”
“Hey, Dean,” Benny says with a nod when he finally opens the door. The two boys smile at one another. Benny’s eyes are tinged with surprise, clearly not expecting Dean to show himself at his doorstep like this so suddenly.
is awesome. And sleep is...weird? I had a dream last night, I think.”
Across the room, Robert stands stiffly with his arms folded over his chest.
“Well, I wanted to ask if you’d like to come back home with us,” Castiel says pleasantly. Trained eyes stare over Dean’s shoulder in search for his father; the unspoken, careful agreement to avoid John Winchester, even if Dean had never explicitly told him why.
Dean and Castiel meet eyes before the two angels disappear, leaving Castiel alone on the street corner. He climbs into the driver’s seat of the car, feeling dazed and on-edge when he realizes how much the car still smells like Dean. How his whole body still
He lays down a thick book on the table, pointing to a passage below an inked image of an angel dragging a man from a giant pit in the ground. Hell. Castiel turns his eyes away from the onslaught of color that flashes before his eyes, filling in the black-and-white image on the page; rancid, bitter blue. Purple. Red.
Castiel bites his lower lip, feeling lightheaded. He forces himself to keep his composure.
Castiel shrugs his shoulders. “Thank you, Dean,” he says simply.
“Ghosts were here,” Balthazar murmurs. “Don’t know if they’re here anymore, though. Whatever killed her just...left...the EMF signal is fading. I called up Rufus: same story across all the other spots. Hunters dead, their insides turned into pudding. Fading EMF signals. Whatever this is...this isn’t just some normal haunting. Bloody hell…”
Looking down at himself, he realizes that, though Lucifer is young, Castiel is the same age as he was when Jo sent him here. But Lucifer seems not to notice the obvious difference in their ages.
The two quickly climb out of the HMMWV to address the rest of the party, standing at the ready with guns slung over their shoulders and an impressive array of weaponry across their belts and strapped to their backs. If Castiel weren’t so on-edge, he’d ask where it all came from.
.” Castiel shakes his head as Dean grabs his hair. He hits him again - this time, the blow knocks him sideways. Castiel tries to prop himself upright as pain rings through his head.
Naomi laughs again, her chest heaving as she curls her limbs against the onslaught of holy water coursing through her body. “You know, there’s an irony, here. You being in hell did mean something, you know that?
A kid that had to grow up too soon. A kid who was also being hurt by an adult in their lives, and who Dean still failed to protect.
Castiel looks up at Dean with a puzzled expression from across the kitchen table. They usually spend their time in Dean’s bedroom. But today, with Dean and Sam’s father taking an early shift at the garage and Sam at one of his afternoon clubs, Dean and Castiel have the house to themselves. Dean hates that it’s such a relief that he doesn’t have to worry about his father’s quiet glares or suspicious looks in Castiel’s direction - but it makes a world of difference. Still, Dean keeps glancing out the window, worried for the moment he would see his father pull into the driveway.
Benny nods slowly. He regards Dean for a moment, glancing past him to watch a couple walk up the road.
A familiar sight meets his eyes: the house is burning. Sounds of gunshots echo down the hill and through the treeline, making Castiel stare in horror as explosions blow out what’s left of the windows. He shakes his head, his vision still blurry as he pushes himself off the tree and sprints up the hill, abandoning caution or any thought of being seen by Croatoans or demons. Rounding the dirt path, he forces himself to spring past the house, the tall grass tangling through his boots as he makes way for the barn on the other side of the hill.
Leaning back against the pillows, Castiel watches Dean carefully. His head is spinning, although he no longer feels any pressing pain. He’d learned too much today - more than he ever thought he wanted to know. Everything - his brother’s betrayal, the torture, Naomi, the angels - feels like
“Dean,” Castiel breathes. Dean blinks but refuses to look at him.
Dean’s voice breaks. Tears burn at the corners of his eyes. He feels afraid, terrified, for what’s to come. Again and again, the ugly visions of both the brothers in pain strike across his eyes, leaving him weak. Dean knows his friend will get hurt again and Dean wouldn’t be able to do a single thing about it. But Castiel doesn’t look back, not even when Dean calls out his name a second, and then a third time. Guilt bubbles up in Dean’s stomach, and he turns away with an angry, defeated cry. He runs across the yard and towards his house, plowing through the front door before slamming it behind him. He stalks up the stairs and to his room, throwing himself on the bed and burying his face in his arms, not caring who’s home or if his father could have seen him. He doesn’t know how much time passes as he lays in bed and weeps in anger and unspeakable guilt, as though this whole mess were his fault. His fault for not speaking up. His fault for standing by as people he loved got hurt.
After an hour, Dean turns in for the night and showers, letting the oil wash off his hands. He flops into bed, sighing in the dim light of his bedroom as Sam looks up from his comic book.
That smirk again -- the knowing, faint smile stretched across his face that freezes Castiel in place.
The motel is eerily quiet - even the front desk is empty when Castiel descends the stairs and hurries down into the tiny lobby. The lights are off, and several tables and chairs have been shoved up near the door, as though trying to barricade it from the inside.
of being human
He whirls around, fully expecting the figure to disappear. Perhaps he is only a hallucination, some trick of the light, or a manifestation of Castiel’s anxiety. But he doesn’t. He’s there, no less than ten feet from where Castiel is standing. Castiel can
“See ya, Benny.”
Castiel breathes a sigh of relief, even if he isn’t going to pretend to understand what Dean means by a “pocket dimension.”
“There is a significant amount of demon and Croatoan activity in the house on top of the hill,” the older Castiel says, addressing the group as a whole. “We need to take the path around the hill and up to the side of the house - that’s where the blindspots from the house are, even with the damage done by the fire. They won’t see you coming. Me and him - “ His older self points to Castiel beside him. “- are going to come up from the other side. We need heavy fire and strategic charge plants in the basement of the house. That should take out the mass of defenses the Devil has set in store and give us enough time to take him out.”
“I can do that if you can,” Dean says, letting the words linger on his tongue as though trying to convince himself. “I can...we can stop...blaming ourselves. I can try.”
The club is at the edge of the road, a hanging red-neon sign with the words MAGIC MEN blinking in the dark. Castiel lets out a quiet noise of indignation when he parks along the edge of the sidewalk, which makes Dean look over at him in surprise.
But the daydream ends when Michael groans impatiently, startling Dean back to rigid clarity. Dean shuffles where he stands, feeling self-conscious.
Briefly, he wonders if he should contact Dean. But how would he? It isn’t like angels have cell phones. And this is a hunt, Castiel realizes, that he can’t do alone.
But Dean did raise him from hell. And save his life. Doesn’t that make him an ally…?
“Cas.
. He finishes his glass and slowly follows Dean out the doors of the club. The rush of cold hair makes him shrug his thin, gray jacket tighter over his shoulders. Ahead of him, Dean is laughing.
Dean rakes his lip over his bottom teeth. “What do you propose I do, then?” he asks quietly. “I can’t just...turn my back on everything I’ve ever known. That’s what Jo did, and look at where she ended up. She’s wanted in heaven and I’m risking everything to protect her. Robert? A monster so obsessed with revenge, I had to put him down and failed.”
Gabriel giggles. “Like that. I’m gonna go find more.”
“Dean…”
The camp itself is mostly quiet. Save for murmured conversation near the entrances to some of the other cabins, most people not confined to their meager living spaces linger near the camp borders in small groups, sorting through small crates of supplies. Half-concealed by one of the smaller cabins just across from the makeshift dirt path, he spots his older self talking to a young man with a short cut of hair that sticks partially upright and a strong jaw that cuts across his cheeks. The other man is handsome - Castiel certainly can’t deny that. He’s only slightly taller than Castiel, and if Castiel didn’t know any better, he’d say the other man looks almost exactly like Dean. Same stance. The same manner of dress. Same wide, dorky grin.
“Oh. Cool.”
I don’t want to talk to you, Castiel thinks wildly to himself.
“Hell yeah.”
“Garth, what happened to you?”
was to forge a kinship with the one who hurt him the most.
Dean swallows thickly with a slow nod of his head. It’s him.
“I dunno, mate,” he breathes. “I always thought something was up with your brother. But he was never…”
“You could kill her and be done with her,” Dean says at last. “We’d let you have that. We had planned to kill her ourselves once we were through with her. I hate this, Cas. I do. But it’s the only way.” Castiel lowers his hands to look at him. More taut silence. Words lost on the back of his tongue. Kill her would mean one less demon in the world
Castiel grips the steering wheel tightly. A rumbling discomfort churns in his stomach. He had hoped to find more concrete answers about his faith with an angel almost literally perched on his shoulder. Now, he has more questions than ever before.
The words hang heavy in the air between them and Dean doesn’t say a single word. He grips the table tightly as John walks away and disappears upstairs.
“I...not like that,” Dean murmurs. “I...I guess I raised her. She was a tiny little fledgling. Spunky. Full of life. But she had this problem: she asked too many damn questions. I was supposed to...cut that out of her early on. She was my charge and an angel asking questions is...a dead angel. But I didn’t want to do that...I didn’t want to just...cut out that spark of life in her. So I sent her to be stationed on earth for three hundred years. And lo and behold, she came back with thousands more questions than she started with. She loved humans more than I ever did...and she wanted to be one. I begged her not to. Damn her, she
“Lucifer!” Castiel has to yell to be heard over the crescendo of noise. The windows rattle and the floor begins quaking violently beneath their feet. “We need to get out of here!”
“I can’t just do
“I just practice, Dean. That’s all.”
“Should I not say it?”
“Why not?”
Dean nudges Castiel again. At a loss for words, Castiel stammers out a quick “no thank you” as the man nods in understanding. But Dean, clearly, has other plans.
“Course I did. You loved the hell outta that thing. Just because I’m not exactly the praying type didn’t mean I was gonna just get rid of your favorite book.”
. I’ve never been to Vegas.”
Dean scoffs. “You’re destined to be my vessel. I’m confusing my feelings for you with my desire to inhabit your body. Hell, I thought I…” His voice trails off.
Dean laughs humorlessly. “Depends. If they think you’re screwy in the head, they’ll reset you. Brainwash you, basically - burn your grace away until your reset to your factory settings. But if they see you as truly incurable...they’ll just kill you.”
“Do you love her? Is that why you’re trying so hard to protect her from the other angels?”
“It’s, uh, it’s okay,” Castiel says, feeling awkward. The car feels too hot - even the windows are half-fogged. They stare at one another for an agonizingly long second before Dean’s face shifts. He surges upright, reaching up his hand and snapping his fingers. All at once, he’s put back together - his hair is fixed, his clothes aligned. Even the semen on Castiel’s hand is gone.
“He doesn't hate you,” Dean sighs. “He can be...a little much. But, man, you can’t just fight with him all the time. You know that’s gonna make it worse.”
“I love you,” Castiel says quietly.
“You were supposed to be my vessel. Samuel would rise and I was supposed to kill him with your body while he inhabited your brother’s. Heaven...made you for me. I wanted this to end so badly before it got to the point where the apocalypse would begin...but heaven has other plans. The ones who don’t want
“Let ‘em have it, Gabe!” Dean calls out. He folds his arms behind his head, beaming at the sight. The little boy giggles, and for a moment, true fear flashes across Castiel’s eyes. Gabriel rears back before charging at him from across the lawn and belly-flopping right onto his brother’s chest. Castiel lets out a harsh
The first thing Castiel registers is the noise. He should have expected this, but it’s
As the sun crawls over the horizon, Dean inhales slowly, trying to calm the immeasurable ache in his chest. Boots planted firmly in the grass, he looks out across the horizon, squinting against the sunlight beating down on his face. After hours of searching and searching for something he thought he’d never find, Dean had, at last, found a spot that felt
“It’s not that new. You’ve done it before,” Dean points out. “With that man. Benny.”
Naomi squints and tilts her head to one side. She grimaces slightly when the movement of her eye burns against the salt, but she gives no other indication that she’s in any kind of pain. He turns to grab a handful of salt again.
Dean's face flushes. He laughs softly, shaking his head with a wave of his hand.
I’m already worried it might be too late. Don’t get distracted and don’t let yourself get caught up in what you will see once you’re up there. Okay?”
Dean looks down at the floor. “Dad, I...you told me you could afford to hire someone else. I work almost for free, I have a little bit of money and I wanted to take Sam - “
Dean sighs, trailing off with a shake of his head. “She was like a little sister to me. And if she dies on my watch...I can’t...I can’t do that. I can’t watch that happen to someone I love again.”
“I didn’t want to leave you alone.”
“I won’t let you just die for me!”
- as we speak. If you trust me, you will leave me to deal with it as I see fit.”
“Guess it is,” Dean agrees, his voice trailing off in thought. “Honestly, I never really thought of it that way”. He watches the flashing lights from the club. Castiel turns his head, his eyes wandering down to Dean’s mouth as the lights illuminate his freckled skin. “I’ve...been to places like this before,” Dean says slowly, as though trying to choose his words with ease. “But always alone. In the years that I’ve been stationed on earth, I wanted to see everything. I wanted to see how humans want. How they love. How they create things. How they...desire others. I’ve never, erm...never had sex. My vessels that I’ve chosen usually aren’t awake when I inhabit them. But I’ve never wanted to cross that line when I’m literally inside someone else. I never wanted my possession of them to be a violation or whatever. I forbade all angels in my charge who were on earth for doing anything of the sort.”
He could live right here forever in this happy memory from home. And that’s the point of it all - of heaven.
“Dean,” Castiel murmurs against his mouth. He’s sleepy, they both are, but he wants this. He’s never been more sure of anything in his life. “I want you.”
“As her apprentice, you learned some of the most effective torture methods used in hell,” Dean continues. His voice is strained and rigid like he’s reciting a script he barely remembers. “And we believe that those...methods of yours...might be what could work to break her.”
“Let’s go —
She releases his hold on his throat and forces him to his knees. He looks up at her, his body numb and immobile beneath her - but his inability to move has nothing to do with her hold on him.
“What’s up?”
“Maybe it’s lying,” Castiel says softly. “It showed me its wings...but...surely angels aren’t the only creatures that have them.”
Castiel shakes his head slowly. Disbelief marring his features. “That was you...speaking? At the gas station?”
Dean spends the rest of the week in the garage after school when he can bring himself to go. Sam spends time with his friends and spends less and less time at the house. The fighting between him and their father had grown into an ugly crescendo and it bleeds into every corner of their lives. John is irritable and short with Dean at work. Sam is quiet and moody, not wanting to talk or even listen to music when they’re alone. Most days, Dean tries to break it up when it gets too loud. But more and more lately, Dean merely goes upstairs and slams his bedroom door behind him, unable to take it. He intervenes when he thinks Sam is in danger, but that’s it. He doesn’t have the energy for anything else.
Castiel rubs the back of his head. “Why would she fall?”
“Dude...you don’t have to put up with that. If they’re that creepy, get the hell out. Work someplace else.”
he thinks to himself
“Well, I’m not going back there,” he murmurs. “Heaven can take care of itself without me.”
Dean chews on his lower lip. “I don’t mean forever. Just...just for a little while. Like a road trip, just you and me. We could see Vegas, man.
Dean’s forehead wrinkles into a frown. “Yeah, you’re right. Why do we do that?”
“Sorry for the theatrics. Michael’s mind was...more difficult to tap into than I thought. Especially considering he came here willingly.”
Dean turns to look at him. It’s beginning to rain and the soft patter of the droplets hitting the windshield is a relief from the fog gathering in Castiel’s body, threatening to choke the life out of whatever words he’s going to say next. He’s floating, drifting outside his body. Watching someone else speak in his place.
For now, however, they both curl up in bed, their weary bodies pressed tightly together in a tangle of limbs and sweaty hair. Every nerve in Castiel’s body feels like it could burst and overflow with love - he didn’t know he was capable of feeling so warm; so
The wind howls. Castiel and Balthazar fire their weapons, once, twice, and then again. But the bullets bury themselves in his body as though they were nothing but a summer’s breeze against his skin. He’s headed straight for Castiel, the faint, knowing smirk never once leaving his chiseled face. Castiel and Balthazar look at one another frantically, before Castiel reaches for the demon blade, holding high for the creature to see. A warning. Now merely feet from Castiel, the two circle one another, their gazes locked in a tight, unfaltering challenge.
This is, officially, the longest completed work I've ever written and I couldn't be happier that it was something I loved and treasured as much as this fic. There are
sweetie.” She turns her head sharply to Jo, and Joanne flies off her feet, an invisible force striking her hard enough to be flung against the stained glass. The force of her body makes it crack, but it does not shatter. Her body crumples to the floor. He turns to run to her, but the woman freezes him in place with a flick of her hand.
“Another Seal to the Devil’s cage,” Castiel breathes.
Castiel laughs hysterically, shaking his head in disbelief. The sound is high and unbecoming of him, a voice that scarcely belongs to him anymore. “You’re
But Castiel is already slamming the bedroom door behind him. Dazed, Dean wanders to his bedroom window and watches Castiel stalk across the yard before disappearing inside his own home. His abrupt departure from the house leaves a cold pit in Dean's stomach. Sneaking out at night for some weird job, freaking out over not being able to go home on time…
before, or even anything close.
Dean clears his throat. “You’ll have your first kiss, Cas’. Don’t worry. Just, uh, don’t rush it, yeah? Kissing sucks if you don’t like the person. Or if they don’t like you.”
But Dean would be lying if he didn’t like it. Just a little bit. His second day in this new place and already, he has a friend. Not a bad start. Whistling “And I Love You So” under his breath, Dean walks the rest of the way back to his house to tell Sam about the strangest kid he’d ever met in his life; his new friend, the talented, musical prodigy, Castiel Novak.
Startled, Dean watches as Castiel lays a heavy hand on his shoulder. The intensity of the gesture steals the breath right from Dean's lungs.
A voice behind him makes him freeze. He turns, staring right into the eyes of a young woman he doesn’t recognize with dark, red hair tied in a bun on her head.
Castiel winces. “He was preoccupied. Someone is killing angels...he found out and had to leave in a rush.”
Castiel doesn’t look at her. He knows she’s right, but the feeling of deep-seated helplessness in his chest refuses to believe it.
Castiel laughs bitterly as he grabs his bag from the floor. “Because being brave has gotten me nowhere. And it’s gotten
“That’s okay!” Dean assures him. “You can meet my brother. Wanna come back now?”
“Father, it-it was an accident. I was watching him the whole time and I looked away for not even a minute. I’m sorry.”
Castiel backs away from him in horrified disbelief.
“Can we do it again?” Dean asks. If Castiel doesn’t know any better, he’d say he sounds a bit shy. Chuckling, Castiel nods as a warm smile spreads across his face. He had sex with Dean, and the world hadn’t tried to end again. Nothing about him changed at all. He had liked it, eagerly wanted it, and Dean had wanted it all the same.
“So...are you in?” Dean asks in a small voice.
Dean chews on his lower lip. “Castiel...this ain’t my order. I said ‘no’ when the angels proposed this. They were willing to stop their search for Jo - and me - to get this done. I tried to reason with them - “
“I always thought you were more of a Clint Eastwood.”
“I wanted to apologize for my stiff behavior. I have to leave now — but I just wanted to say that I am sorry. And that I will see you tomorrow.”
either.
“Cas'? What the hell are you doing out here?”
Castiel is crying before Jo can finish. Crying, laughing, and shaking in his head in barely-controlled hysterics. Dean puts a hand on his back and kisses his head as Jo reaches for his hands and squeezes them tightly. Though he’s crying too much to tell her, that was exactly what he needed to hear.
Castiel’s rigid formality makes Dean grit his teeth. He’s grown used to it, and lately, it hardly stands out to him anymore — but in front of his dad, it sends a pit of anxiety into his gut.
“What do you mean by ‘go?’” Castiel asks quietly. But he already knows the answer. His eyes turn to Dean, wanting to hear
Dean blushes, but that seems to be exactly what Benny wants. He laughs wholeheartedly as Dean rolls his eyes, tempted to kick him in the knee. But he doesn’t. He settles for returning a punch to Benny’s shoulder, instead.
Again and again, she commands the presence of whatever drew Castiel back to the land of the living - the table shakes. The very air in the room roars with the incantation and the candles flare. The familiar, high burst of noise assaults Castiel’s ears as he squeezes his eyes shut to fight off the onslaught of sound.
"I'm fine. I need to get you two out of here. Naomi isn't the only one looking for Jo." Dean hurries over and touches Jo's shoulder gently, his face softening at once. "I'm gonna protect you, okay? I told you I’d protect you...and I’m going to. I promise.”
way in which Castiel conveys that he nearly killed himself, Dean stalks forward and grabs Castiel by the shoulders, shaking him hard. “Tell me you didn’t gamble your life like that!” he roars. “What were you
“Hey! Uh, I’m sorry,” Dean says quickly. “I tried to, um, make eggs? I think? It-it burned.”
Castiel doesn’t answer.
, as though it were happening to him instead.
“I don’t understand. Why would an angel save me, Balthazar? Why?”
Castiel drives in a separate car. He tells Balthazar to drive back to the house without him, telling him that he’d catch up. Hoping to clear his head, Castiel stops at a gas station on their way back, hurrying into the bathroom to splash cold water onto his face. His head is spinning with questions he does not have answers to, nor does he think he
“You won’t be able to kill the witch. That’s what’s so funny,” Robert chuckles. He gives Castiel a smirk as Dean stands stiffly beside him. Wordless. “You don’t know the first thing about what you’re up against. This
“Don’t worry about Dad,” Dean says quietly. “I’ll handle him.”
“Dean didn’t even know Benny.”
“I just know,” the other says shortly. “And I’ve been listening to what little I can pick up from radio signals - this place is typically a hot spot for Croatoans and demon activity. Perfect to keep away any unwanted attention.”
Dean shrugs.
“Yeah.”
Castiel can’t ignore the stares the other members of the camp give him as he readies himself to leave with his older self. He tries - but the lingering glares, uncomfortable glances, and murmurs when the others think he can’t hear crawl under his skin. He’s an intruder. He’s not supposed to be here. He doesn’t belong here any more than he belongs anywhere else. When nobody else is looking, Castiel watches as his older self pockets the Angel Tablet discreetly into his jacket.
“I’m sure,” Castiel breathes, relieved that she showed up at all. “I saw it. Everything.”
Dean shouts back to his father that he’s heading out for the day, before hurrying out of the garage and back out onto the street.
Castiel handle him, so eager to be touched that he’s willing to let Castiel pull his hair, expose his throat for Castiel to press his mouth to the heated skin. He surges closer and Dean begins mumbling under his breath.
Exhausted and freezing from the rain, Dean doesn’t object when their father sends him off to bed after unpacking the bed blankets they'd picked up from a pawn shop near the end of town. He throws his sheets onto the single bed, sitting in the far corner of the room by the small window where he could see the neighbor's house, murky and bright in the rain.
“Ah, there you are,” a nasally voice says from across the room. Castiel whirls around. At the end of the room, strapped to what looks like a dental chair, is Dean. Next to the chair is a man - an angel - Castiel doesn’t recognize.
“What?”
“My name is Michael,” he says lowly. He storms over to Castiel, striking him hard across the face. The blow is strong enough to knock Castiel down to his knees. “And you are
Groaning, the boys hurry off to help their father unload the rest of the old boxes. Dean carefully pockets the necklace in his jacket where he knows he won’t forget it tomorrow. The idea of confronting the odd boy again makes him grimace, but he supposes it’s unavoidable. They’re neighbors, and the strange boy in the tree appeared to be his age. He should be lucky to have boys his age in the neighborhood at all.
Dean immediately regrets what he said, but he doesn’t take them back. He bows his head as Sam gives him a low, heavy look. In the tense, heavy silence, the sound of the piano drifts through the room, faint and barely audible. Sam, irritated, tells Dean that he’s going to bed.
“Angry doesn’t
but a thousand, wriggling pieces. The fury is familiar. It’s
Balthazar leans back in his chair. “No. You just showed up on my doorstep looking like you’d seen a bloody ghost. Your house burned down, so I...I figured that was only normal. Lucifer didn’t speak for months, even when you two started hunting whatever torched your family that day. I knew your father was a nutcase, so I didn’t even ask. You only ever told me something had happened and that you needed to get as far away as possible. Honestly, if one of you had just straight-up killed your dad, I wouldn’t have blamed you. That man was a bastard.”
Dean thinks to himself.
He was never...the religious one. I don’t think he ever believed a single word my father preached at us. He was always so much smarter than me...always saw right through him. Why would he be doing all this now?”
Jodi raises an eyebrow in surprise as she glances at Castiel; Castiel, a small, quiet boy who wears a shining music pendant around his neck draped over a dirty, oversized trench coat.
Dean swallows thickly. His lower lip trembles as he looks at Castiel, inches away from his face. They’re close enough to kiss like this, Castiel realizes with a rough jolt through his stomach. But Dean is silent, and for a long moment, neither of them say anything at all.
“Try it on your own, Dean. Just those few repeating chords.”
“What?”
are actively making now. I thought I had nothing - I was so, so wrong. If you don’t like what you see, then maybe try opening your eyes, Castiel.”
do that?!”
and he believes in you. Now
Castiel shoves up the sleeve of his t-shirt, revealing the red, raised handprint on his shoulder that tingles in the exposed air. “And then you tell me that this is supposed to be a Seal? This is not something I am prepared for, Dean. Why are you telling me all of this?”
It’s quiet here, he realizes with a curt nod. Castiel would like the quiet.
Sam folds his arms across his chest as Dean looks up. Suddenly, Sam seems so much older for his fourteen years. He looks like an
stay here. He could simply
“I don’t want to hear it, Dean,” he says quietly. He furiously shakes his head, swallowing back a fury of tears. He can’t look at Dean - the shame on his own face is too apparent. He feels overwhelmed and entirely too afraid to be facing this alone.
Castiel twists around and kisses Dean full on the mouth. It’s a hard kiss. A hurtful one. Castiel has to manually remind himself to reign in his teeth, to not bite Dean’s lower lip and tug it into his mouth when it’s likely Dean has never even been
“Who is killing the angels?” he asks. “Is it you? Other demons?”
“Dean will need to be the one to guide you back into your body. I’ll watch over your body here and keep you safe. But I can’t stress enough that you will have to move
The piano stops abruptly. Frantic footsteps clamor upstairs before the small figure of the boy appears at the top of the steps. Dean shifts where he stands, keeping his hands shoved into his pocket as the boy from yesterday — Castiel — races down the stairs. He stops short when he nearly crashes right into Dean.
house. He tenses, pausing as he listens with growing alarm the muffled screaming. Something thuds to the floor, and Dean bolts into action. He races across the lawn, throwing open the front door as the yelling reaches a dizzying crescendo.
This isn’t Dean, Castiel realizes with a sickening jolt. Not the Dean he knew.
“That is...very good,” the second man hums. “I’d like to hire you, Castiel.”
Jodi shakes her head, breathing a slow sigh. “Well, that boy has some issues. I know that much.”
“Dean,
“Wow. Well, congrats, man. That’s...that’s great. You earned it.”
at Dean. Smiling like somebody who’s looking upon a rainbow after a terrible, terrible storm.
that’s exactly what I mean. That is the
Castiel lets out a half-hysterical giggle and Dean grins. He’d forgotten how easy it was for Dean to make him laugh.
The other Castiel shoves him again, making him groan as his head rocks back against the door.
Sam shakes his head. “Turn the music off.”
And then he hears Jo’s voice echoing someplace in the back of his head;
Castiel nods. He regards Dean with those bright, piercing eyes that seem to stare straight into Dean's mind. It makes him shiver.
Dean bottoms out entirely, and Castiel groans out his name like a prayer to the angel Dean once was.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
Dean sighs. He doesn't bother pushing - not now. Not when he just woke up. "You really think we're gonna stay here? When's the last time we stayed anywhere for longer than six months?"
The angel breathes a sigh. “You’re supposed to be a stronghold for heaven. Your presence is supposed to be a reminder to anyone who even
was there even a witch at all?! Who was that woman?! What the
he thinks wildly to himself.
Tearing his gaze away, Castiel trudges away from the window, desperate to clear his head and calm the raging stiffness in his pants. He feels like a teenager, itchy and hot under the skin after watching something he wasn’t supposed to be witness to.
“You’re wrong.”
“Dean, I’m ready. You can — you can go inside.”
“You pulled me out of a nightmare?” he asks. Dean nods. All at once, gratitude floods through him, making him sigh as he stares across the water. “Thank you,” he says quietly. “For saving our lives earlier today. And for...for pulling me out of that nightmare.” He shivers where he sits, feeling uncertain even in the pleasant warmth.
Castiel sighs. “I’m sorry if I’m not following. All of this is just very…”
It’s too much. He feels stiff and uncomfortable in his pants as he turns away, pressing the back of his hand to his mouth. He’s too much like Dean. Too much. It sends a pang of longing through his chest that he can’t seem to shove down. The man in there isn’t Dean, and he knows without a single doubt that both he and his future self wish that it could be.
Stunned, Dean watches as Castiel carefully opens his window from across the yard and begins slowly climbing down onto the slanted roof. In the dark, his figure is hard to make out — but the scrawny boy cloaked in a tan trenchcoat is impossible to miss, even from a distance. His movements are slow, almost graceful — like he’s done this before, knowing where to carefully place each foot and each steady hand. Carefully, he shifts down near the edge of the roof and begins lowering himself down, inch by inch.
Castiel glares at Dean, fists clenched at his sides.
“Glad to hear he’s making something useful with his life. You two have been through a ton of crap. You deserve to take it easy.”
you’ve ever loved. I believe in this mission. I believe in
bring it up.
my brother. I would never have let you do that.”
“Innocent?” the older Castiel suggests. “No. Nobody is innocent anymore. Get that through your head. We leave at twilight. Be ready.”
And with that, he’s gone, leaving Dean slightly dazed. He’d never understand Castiel, he decides. Sighing, he flops back onto his bed returns to his English homework, giving up after the first question and shoving it back into his backpack with a sigh as he finishes his coke.
“Mmh. I’m Michael. I’m Castiel’s older brother.”
Jo scoffs. “Not what I asked.”
“Thank you,” Castiel says quietly.
Like Dean. Castiel sighs.
“If I can promise to keep him safe, will you help me? This is...a moment of weakness for me. They can’t know that I’ve hidden her. They can’t know
He nods. “Thank you, then. For...pulling me out of that nightmare. For believing in me today.  But...you need to understand something, Dean.”
“Are you scared of this, Castiel? Or, dare I say it, scared of me?” She laughs softly as he grabs the bottle of holy water from the table and douses the blade with it. He sucks in a slow, quiet breath.
“Nonsense.” He slides off the bench, grabbing Dean’s shoulders and physically scooting him to the middle of the bench. Dean lets out an indignant noise but lets Castiel handle him until he’s positioned directly in the middle of the piano.
"I hate him, Dean," Sam sobs when Dean stumbles into their room. "I hate him.
He clenches his teeth. Dean doesn’t appear. Of course, he wouldn’t. He feels silly for even trying. He could use
Sam frowns. “Then...what are you -- “
A chill passes down Dean’s spine. It had been almost a month since the night Dean had followed Castiel to the bar — his new job. Dean had kept his knowledge of it a secret from Castiel and anybody else. On the days at school that followed Castiel’s night shifts, Castiel was always exhausted during school, hardly able to pay attention in class from fighting off sleep. Dean would ask about him, casually, of course - but Castiel would always insist that he was okay. Soon, Dean stopped asking. And Castiel never brought it up, until now.
By night time, Dean, Sam, and John Winchester manage to get the last of the wet boxes safely inside their new home. They’d begin unpacking in the morning. The small, ranch-style home is the pinnacle of the American Dream; or, at least, that’s what their father had told them. Three bedrooms, a kitchen, and a small dining area made the house a quaint, small place to live amongst the rows of houses that echoed it’s bland, American charm. White picket fences. A quiet street. A safe town (just as long as you didn’t go too far down Elk Street, where the houses began to crumble and the bars attracted all the wrong attention.)
With a groan, Castiel shoves himself out of his chair as he tries to reposition his back before storming into the kitchen where Dean stands, lounging against the fridge.
Castiel slams it shut quickly. A trickle of sweat beads down the side of his head as he returns the book to the nurse with trembling hands.
“Around.”
“So are you.”
The sky is overcast and gray, threatening rain. A hazy, thin layer of fog drapes over the town like a spider’s web, murky white and unnerving. Surely he’s imagining it, but he swears the angels have something to do with the fog. Like they’re marking this town, somehow, waiting for the right moment to rain down the fires of heaven’s wrath. Trying to ignore the sense of foreboding in the air, Castiel drives quickly into town under the guise of an FBI agent, finishing his last round of questions to the terrified locals.
But Castiel doesn't burn. A moment of taut silence falls between them, and when Balthazar asks if it's really, truly is him, Castiel nods and accepts the stiff, clumsy hug. Balthazar immediately demands answers that Castiel can't give. He doesn't know. He knows that there was a massive blast site around his grave and that the small cross behind the headstone had gone untouched. Between the ear-splitting noise and the scar of a handprint on his skin, it’s safe to say that something big had raised Castiel from the pit.
He shrugs, grabbing his baseball from the floor and tossing it up into the air. “It’s a job, at least.”
“It’s fairly easy work, Dean.”
He stands before the mirror on the far end of the tiny shop, looking at himself in dazed disbelief. He is whole; pale and tired, eyes darting and unfocused. A hint of a beard growing out around his chin. But no markings stretch across his face. No scars. No sign of pain or misery or bloodshed. But the hell hounds...surely the hell hounds would have left their mark.
The older Castiel hums. “Lucifer is...not here anymore,” he says.
Castiel laughs again, blinking up at the ceiling as he wills his body to relax. Dean freezes inside him, staring at Cas as he waits to be told what to do next. “It’s okay,” he breathes. “It just surprised me, that’s all. It’s...warmer now. I think I just need to relax.”
“We leave next week,” Dean tells Sam shortly, dropping his backpack onto the bedroom floor. He sinks back onto his bed, quickly unlacing his boots with quick motions of his hands. “Soon as school’s out - we’re gone. How’s that sound?”
Instead, Dean is humming along to a Zeppelin song on the radio that Castiel has heard a thousand times before. He seems entirely unbothered that they’re going to a strip club full of men. He even seems eager - as though he’s been there before. As though Dean, showing up at his house looking
He is free, he understands. Above him, the sunshine is harsh and unrepentant as it casts an angry glare down to the dry earth as though telling Castiel to return beneath the scorching crust where he belongs.
“Why does this sound like a goodbye?” Dean whispers. Around them, the late bell rings. It pounds against Dean’s eardrums, but the noise is drowned out by the deafening silence of Castiel’s voice. God, Castiel even
“My brother is difficult to trace when he does not want to be found.”
Castiel stumbles over, swinging the iron pan through her body and sending her away. Within seconds, Benny reappears and grabs Castiel by the throat, pulling and dragging him to the ground. Castiel chokes and sputters, trying to break free from Benny’s tight hold in vain.
“Cas’. You’ve been quiet all day. You should just tell me what’s up.”
Castiel blushes, laughing nervously as he watches Dean smooth his hands over his chest.
“Oh dear, Lucifer - have you turned your brother into a salamander now?”
okay?" Castiel asks hesitantly. Dean nods once.
“None. Sorry, mate.”
Robert huffs, clearly amused. Castiel wants to punch him - but he knows how useless that would be. He doubts Robert would even feel it.
He motions for Dean to follow him inside the house, and Dean quickly hurries after him. Much like his own, the house is quaint. Comfortable, yet small. Vaguely suffocating. Dean eyes the walls as Michael leads him through the kitchen and into the living room where several, ratty blue couches surround an antennae TV. Several spots on the walls have been filled in with drywall that was still unpainted, and the couch cushions are ripped in several places. The corner of the television is cracked.
“I can’t see!” she cries out hoarsely. “I can’t see…”
“What do you mean?”
“I can!” Sam insists. “I just...I wish I could…”
Just as his hand closes around the handle of the driver’s seat, footsteps make him turn. Two people stand several yards away, their heads slightly bowed. Their bodies seem to move in time with their ragged, heavy breathing that Castiel can hear even from a slight distance. One woman is about his age, perhaps older. Long, black hair hangs in front of her face, her mouth smeared with blood and bits of gore. Beside her, a young boy, no older than seven or eight years old, twitches when Castiel meets his eyes. Like the woman beside him (his mother?) his stringy hair hands over his eyes, his bared teeth revealing a bloody, empty grimace.
“We’ll have to hit this thing with everything we’ve got,” Balthazar warns him. Balthazar is hardly a hunter when he doesn’t want to be. With menial knowledge of the supernatural, he knows his way around weaponry enough to help Castiel out on the occasional hunt, enough that he’s grown to be effective in his own right. But now, he’s fully on, fully sober, and fully ready to take on whatever thing this creature is. Castiel grimly agrees with him - everything they’ve got might not even be enough. He only wishes that Lucifer were here with them. Castiel has always been a better hunter with his brother by his side.
Sam looks crestfallen. Suddenly, he doesn’t seem so grown-up anymore. Because he’s not, Dean knows. He’s a kid. A kid Dean has to look after, too.
“You care about one another. That’s more than a lot of people can say about their friends these days,” Jodi remarks. “And sometimes, people do crazy things for those they care about.”
Castiel gives a faint nod but says nothing more.
Dean misses the summertime. He misses the endless crawl of the afternoon sun creeping over the sleepy town, the way that the dewy morning grass would dry in the sun, perfect for slumping across the lawn and feeling the sunshine on his face. Days that would blink on by like fireflies, days that were endless as the bubbling pond curving ‘round the woods that lined the endless midwestern roads. Dean even misses the way the flora would push through the dirt, stretching their open petals to the sun. Everything feels alive during the summer, and even the family’s worst days on the road could brighten themselves just with the warmth Dean would feel on his face, gazing out the open window of his father’s ‘67 Chevy, aching for the days he and Sam could take a walk down to the ice cream shop if they had the means to drum up some spare change.
do to me that hasn’t been done to me yet? My family is dead. My brother is too far gone for me to reach anymore. My soul is some dirty, corrupted thing even you wouldn’t dare touch. Balthazar — oh, he’s good to me, but he’s usually too drunk out of his mind to even know what’s six feet in front of him. I have nothing, Dean. So what
“Yes, I figured as much,” he snaps. He'd heard that name, screamed to the heavens, right before that woman’s eyes were burned from her skull.
Movement behind him makes him turn.
” the other Castiel roars. “I’ve prayed to him. Again, and again, and again. I’ve prayed to him until my throat has
“Oh — Balthazar says ‘hi’, by the way,” she says with a warm smile. At the very mention of his name, Castiel finds himself forcing back tears. “He’s happy in heaven. He’s got a big library, a loud TV, and a lot of booze. He actually wanted me to tell you something.”
Get down here. Your new neighbor found your damn necklace. Maybe stop wearing it out in the rain for once.”
Dean flushes.“It’s nothing.”
“I know,” he says slowly. His voice is low, almost musical. He tilts his head, peering at Castiel as if studying him. “I know that angels raised you from hell.”
“He never asked for my grace,” he says quietly. “I would have given it to him. Freely. But he did not ask.”
She stands up sharply, her features stretching into a piercing, disgusted glare. Her hold on Castiel keeps him on his knees, even as he tries to force himself to his feet.
“I play music for people. They get rowdy and demand other songs, sometimes.”
“Heh. I’m not as good as you, Cas’.”
“Not your fault.”
A murmur of agreement rumbles through the group, even as Castiel stares at his older self in disbelief. Something is wrong - this isn’t part of the plan. He isn’t going to kill Lucifer - is he? And how does he know the house is infested with defenses if they only just got here?
” she says impatiently. Castiel turns his back to her to take a handful of salt in his hands. “I’ve mentored thousands of demons in the eons I’ve been alive.
and he’s going to die this way. He’s going to die and the Hounds will come for him again and rip and tear and drag him back down below the crust and back into the pit where he belongs —
“I love you too, Dean,” Castiel says gently. He means every word of it, that much is certain. And already can’t wait to tell him again.
The sight before him makes him freeze in place.
Castiel shakes his head, baring his teeth as he forces himself not to break under the wild realization.
“Do you mean with the angels who have been dying?” Castiel asks once the car is still. Dean nods, his demeanor changing at once.
“I mean,” Balthazar says slowly, “Lucifer might have found it. The demon. Your angel buddy told you Lucifer may have received the help of demons. Could it be this demon that’s helping him along? To raise the Devil? Maybe he hated your family so much that he’s working with the very thing that killed them all.”
“S’cold,” Gabriel mumbles. Dean laughs. With a thin parka and a tight pair of gloves over his hand, Dean had actually felt warm with exertion, hardly aware of the biting, mid-December air.
“He’s my friend,” Dean protests weakly. He still can’t see properly out of his eye.
Quietly, as not to wake Gabriel, the two creep down the steps once Dean gathers his things. By the door, they say a quick goodbye before Castiel begins to shut the door. Dean catches it before he does.
Despite his guilt, he silently prays that Castiel would play the piano tonight. Anything to distract him from his racing thoughts. But the sound doesn't come, and Dean’s sleep is fitful. Weighed down with guilt, Dean doesn’t sleep for several hours, and when he does, his dreams are confusing; love and violence intermingle with Castiel’s face and John Winchester’s hands. His brother’s cries. Weights around his feet leaving him to drown.
Castiel assures him that they don’t mind. Gabriel is fascinated by the garage - he wants to touch the tools, much to Castiel’s embarrassment. His older brother keeps him away from the sharper ones, but Dean allows the little boy to play with one of the screwdrivers. He even lets Gabriel pretend to “fix the wheel” of the car while he completes the finishing touches on the engine. Castiel’s smile lingers as he watches Gabriel poke at the valve stem.
Freedom, yeah
When he’s done, he throws the vial down on the floor, letting it shatter in a burst of light that makes Castiel shield his eyes. Dean leans down and cradles the dead body of the older Castiel close to his chest, bringing a hand up to his cheek. With a hitched sob, he leans down and presses a gentle, lingering kiss to his mouth. Stunned into silence, Castiel watches from the doorway, feeling his chest tighten with a rush of emotion he can’t identify.
The two brothers look at one another. Dean sees the fear in Gabriel’s eyes, amplifying Castiel’s own.
But Dean doesn’t do any of that. He just watches Castiel disappear into the night and thinks about how lost he would be if Castiel wasn’t his friend.
“Yeah. I get that. If it means anything, what I’m asking of you now has nothing to do with...heaven’s demands of you. This is...personal.” Dean draws in a quick breath. “Garth and I think it was the work of a demon who might be responsible for the deaths of my brothers and sisters,” he says. “You know her. Naomi.”
“Hello,” Castiel says lowly. He gives John Winchester a small wave.
They’re both quiet for a long moment.
Just off the highway, a small, rural town near the eastern edge of Nebraska is powered mostly by the wind turbines near a stretch of farmland surrounding the outskirts. Dean drives through the town, ignoring the speed limits as tiny shops and rows of battered houses fly past his window. He doesn’t care where he is. Not really. Instead of observing his surroundings, Dean stares straight ahead, eyes fixated on the task at hand. The world could be ending now and Dean wouldn’t care. It probably was. It always, always is. His own had ended just last night, after all.
” he whispers.
nailed down exactly how many chapters will be in this fic. 13 is the final number, and that shouldn't need to change at all.
Dean gapes at him, stunned.
As the two of them sit in silence, Dean listens to the familiar sound of the out-of-tune piano waft through the window. He smiles, breathing a laugh as Sam hears it, too.
“I’ve done nothing to him, Castiel. He’s safe with me. I heal his body when he gets sick. I comfort him when he cries. I protect him from my brother Michael and his army of angels. Though now that you’re here, Michael will be able to find us, I imagine. We will all die unless you take my grace and
“I know some music by The Beatles,” Castiel says softly. A blush spreads across his pale, thin cheeks. He glances up at Dean, watching him with curious eyes before speaking again.
The garage is relatively small, but organized to a fault; it has space for two cars on-deck, waiting to be repaired or inspected, with one on the worker’s line. John’s tools remain in a neat array on the wall, with smaller parts placed neatly in the black, industrial toolboxes stored near the back or in his office. Order forms for spare parts remain tucked neatly in the filing cabinet. The whole space smells like oil and metal, a smell Dean had grown quickly used to.
“We should stop doing that,” Castiel says, realizing this for the first time. He looks at Dean as he says it. It feels strange to say it aloud. But not bad. “We do that quite often. We...burden ourselves for what our fathers could have prevented long ago. The apocalypse. Lucifer...everything.”
a supernatural being or event take place. They’re meant to be projections of the living’s guilt, usually. But they can kill. Real nasty things. Been ganking hunters all up this side of town.”
Dean shakes his head. “This isn’t on you.”
“Sorry I couldn’t fix it,” Dean murmurs. God, this kid is weird, even if Dean feels a little bad for him. “But I really liked hearing the piano! I love Elvis, he’s so cool!”
, that’s — please don’t stop.
Dean doesn’t see Castiel outside the next day. In the cool March wind, Dean walks to and from the garage with his father, unable to keep his eyes from lingering on the neighbor’s quiet house.
Castiel wrinkles up his nose. “Getting ‘buzzed’ does not seem worth it to drink whatever this garbage is.”
“The way that you’re describing him, the Devil is…”
That week, the air is silent. Dean doesn't hear a single sound of the piano and its aching melody, nor does he see any sign of Castiel that weekend. It isn’t until Monday morning rolls around does he see him again, and Dean is secretly relieved. A pit forms in Dean’s stomach in anticipation to see bruises or another swollen lip on his face - but Castiel’s face is blissfully clear. During lunchtime, he’s quieter than usual. Dean chatters idly about some pretty girl named Jo’ in his science class to try and ease the silent tension, but Castiel hardly seems to listen.
The older Castiel glares at him with a short shake of his head.
Dean just shakes his head. He wants to sink into the floor and hold Castiel until his pain subsides. He wants to take every ounce of pain and make it his own. Castiel doesn’t deserve this.
“I don’t know,” he breathes. “I was sent here from the year 2009. By Joanne. The angel. I woke up here...she didn’t tell me anything at all.”
He shoves past Castiel without another word, collapsing onto the ground beside the lifeless body with shaking hands. He cups the older Castiel’s face, shaking his head as he whimpers soft, weak noises of disbelief, blind to the fact that the Devil is sitting beside him.
Castiel watches as his future self throws his head back in ecstasy, chest heaving as Castiel pulls the man up and flips him over to straddle him on the bed, rolling his hips with slow, languid movements. He watches himself grab the man’s hips and the other surges up to kiss him, messy and desperate but undeniably tender. They remain like that for what feels like an hour before the man reaches to slowly jerk at Castiel’s cock with quick slips of his hand. In the cabin, Castiel leans his head back, opens his mouth, and squeezes his eyes shut.
“Dean...you are,” Castiel says gently, forcing Dean to look him in the eye. “You have to be. You can’t let me down. Not now. Not after everything we’ve been through. You’ve saved my life so many times. You need to let me do this for you.
With a cry, Castiel throws the Bible at the wall with a loud
Dean whistles under his breath.
The older Castiel doesn’t answer. He walks across the room and grabs a small, black box with a series of runes carved on the side. Devil’s traps. Angelic runes. Others that Castiel does not recognize. Slamming it down on the table, Castiel watches as the other unlatches it, revealing a large, stone tablet sitting inside.
“Yes.”
Castiel freezes in place, peering at Dean with wordless curiosity.
He had texted his brother back shortly after.
Castiel is taking them home.
my brother was going to be there. And you
Castiel groans. Memories of...whatever happened before swim back into focus, making him wish he had simply stayed unconscious. God, there had been so much blood. So much screaming. Castiel draws in a shaky breath, trying to ground himself with the sights and smells of the hospital room.
“Balthazar. Shut up.”
“Yeah,” Dean breathes. “Yeah. You’re right.”
Unshaved, scruffy, and heavy-eyed. But undoubtedly him. Too stunned to break away from the man’s - from
Dean turns, watching Castiel with a frown when he doesn’t respond.
"Dean. Help your brother with the chairs," the boys' father barks. Castiel wipes away a trickle of water down his nose. He grabs the branch beside him in a tight grip, craning his neck to hear more. But, in the pouring rain that shows no sign of letting up, the branches are wet and terribly slippery. His grip slackers, and soon, his hand slides completely off the wet bark. His body tilts forward as he uselessly grasps for purchase. In a matter of seconds, he hits the wet ground with a choked cry, landing on his forearms and stomach. Pain shoots up his body, leaving him briefly immobile as his vision swims.
“Yes, yes! Understood.”
Castiel is pacing the room when Balthazar returns from the kitchen. His sharp, blue eyes are cast down at the floor, his body taut and on-edge. The angry handprint on his shoulder tingles under his blue jacket, making him want to rip the fabric away from his body and fling it to the ground. But he doesn’t. It had been almost a full day since he’d met face-to-face with the angel, almost a day since Dean had cryptically told him that they would have
good. It’s not nearly enough, but Castiel would likely come in his pants exactly like this if Dean keeps it up.
Freedom, so I can give…”
“It’s whatever. A job’s a job. You do it and you don’t complain.” He passes a glare towards Sam, who pointedly ignores him.
Castiel yells as a loud
Jodi places a hand on her hip. “C’mon, Dean. You’re welcome inside too, Castiel. It’s been a while since I’ve seen your face around here.”
Dean bares his teeth. Sam’s words are daggers against his skin. He can’t
Dean sets the glass down on the bar table, breathing a lingering sigh. He spins around to look at Castiel, crossing one leg over the other as he folds his hands in his lap.
Dean nods quickly. “Yessir.”
think he might have a chance at understanding him better.
He’s dead. That couldn’t have been a ghost - he died...far from here. States away. I
Dean pats him on the back. “I will,” he promises him.
“That’s different,” Dean growls. “And I told you I don’t talk about any of that. What’s done is done. I’m his son, I’m supposed to do what’s right by him and by you. I didn’t — so I dealt with the consequences. And now, I’m gonna do what’s right by my-my friend. And by you - I’m done after today, Sam. I’m not letting anyone hurt you or Cas’ anymore.”
He doesn't know what to say. He sighs, looking around before his eyes find Dean's.
I’m sorry - “
“What’s this part called?” Gabriel asks, pointing a small, gloved finger at the black tire.
Castiel looks between the two of them in disbelief. He knows that he would sooner die than watch a town of innocent people be eradicated like insects when he’s able to do something about it. Perhaps that’s all that humans are to these angels - insects. The realization dawns heavily over Castiel as he tries to speak again. He catches Dean’s eye, but the angel’s expression is blank and nearly unreadable. He watches as Robert strides over to Castiel, giving him a narrow glare as his thick hand twitches at his side. Inches from his face, Castiel can smell the sweat coming off of his vessel. He doesn’t move.
“And that means I get candy!” Gabriel declares triumphantly. Castiel breathes a laugh before rolling his eyes.
they would hurt Dean. “No,” Dean says quietly. “You aren’t.”
Benny digs through his pockets, pulling out a clean tissue and pressing it gently against Dean’s face. Blood soaks the tissue almost immediately; in his panic, Dean hadn’t realized how badly he’d been hurt. The glint of the knife shines in Castiel’s hand again as Dean looks up, watching as he glares at the three of them like an avenging angel. Az grabs him by the shirt. Castiel slashes the blade through the air, slicing through the skin of Az’s hand. He jerks back with a howl of pain as bright blood gushes from his cut hand, spilling onto the hallway floor. Eyes bulging, Dean watches as Castiel’s eyes seem to
“I do not believe that my relationship with my religious faith is one that God would appreciate any longer,” he says cryptically. Balthazar only rolls his eyes. Balthazar used to be a church leader - he’d cut himself off from any religious ties long ago.
I may give this piece an epilogue, and I might not - I'm not sure yet. But I can promise I'll be writing more Destiel in the months to come.
He winces in pain as Jodi soaks the other side of the cloth in peroxide and begins to clean his wound. There’s a tense silence as Castiel glares at the two of them.
But he
a bad idea, but Dean doesn’t care. He can take a beating. He can’t take letting these three boys win.
“Dean,” Castiel breathes, terrified and awestruck by the sight. It’s the most vivid meteor shower Castiel has ever seen; dozens upon dozens of them breach through the clouds, tumbling down to the earth as far as the eye can see.
Castiel grits his teeth. “Then let me do it. My way. I can find her and end this. Nobody has to get hurt.”
Once he’s finished, he downs the beer in four, large gulps, and sits quietly on his bed. He doesn’t bother playing his record player or even opening one of his car magazines. He just sits, hoping for some kind of sign that everything would be okay again. Even when he knows it wouldn’t be. He’d ignored this for so long, and now that it’s staring him right in the face, Dean doesn’t know what to do. His friend is being hurt, probably as he speaks, and he’s sitting here,
Balthazar gives Castiel a lingering stare before he stands up and goes to make the call.
“You gonna get rid of any of those anytime soon?” their father grumbles as Dean carries up his fourth armful of records. Dean sighs, ducking his head as he mumbles a quick
“Thank you, Jo,” Castiel says.
before entering somebody’s private space in heaven?” Castiel asks slowly, working to catch his breath as he passes a glare in Dean’s direction. The man beside him looks older, slightly heavy-set, and irritated beyond belief.
And then, Alastair’s body crumples lifelessly to the floor.
echoes through the night. The barn roof splinters and caves in as one of the great meteors crash down through the ceiling, nearly causing Castiel to lose his footing.
“It will be a...tricky job,” he says slowly. “But it will provide a good source of income for myself.”
“I thought I loved you. But that isn’t possible. Is it?”
Sam,” Dean breathes. His voice breaks as tears fill his eyes. “I can’t.”
The question comes out of nowhere, really. Dean would never admit to himself, let alone another person, that he had spent an inordinate amount of time wrestling with the thought that Castiel had never kissed another person before.
“I thought you were some kind of general in heaven. A commander. Isn’t your word law or something?”
Naomi sighs. “Come now, Castiel…”
Sam looks down, his expression dazed. “Then why would you want us to go?”
The thought enters Dean’s mind quickly, a lightning strike that jolts him with guilt and a shame he can’t quite place. He tries to snuff it out, but the truth of the matter is agonizingly clear; Castiel has never made him uncomfortable, no matter how strange, no matter how
wrong. But he’s done enough. I can take care of us, Sam. I’ve picked up his tricks over the years. I know how to live on the road...and man, I miss it, sometimes. I really do. But I don’t want us being here anymore. I don’t want
thank-yous to be given, and I will try to keep it brief.
The angel who is just as confusing as he is beautiful and someone Castiel desperately wishes he could understand.
“Not much,” the doctor says grimly. “But that girl was always going on and on about the coming apocalypse. I swear she probably had the whole thing memorized by the time she entered grade school...Revelations seemed to be her favorite part. Eerie stuff.
singing; a soft, low melody that takes Dean a moment to recognize.
“I’m sorry for today, Dean,” the figure says.
“Wh — no, Castiel, I did. I just — people don’t usually...talk that way.”
Dean snorts. “Hey, I can’t blame him. I’m a real Brad Pitt kinda guy.”
And just like that, the room is still. Castiel gasps for breath, clutching at his throat as he staggers to his feet. Benny is gone and so is the woman. Castiel hastily looks around the room as Balthazar heaves for breath against the wall, clutching the armrest of the ratty recliner. The room is in ruin - books strewn across the floor, lightbulbs shattered. The drywall is cracked from where Balthazar had been thrown against it. Castiel turns and catches Dean’s eye, and Dean tells him that it’s done. The spell had worked.
Castiel laughs. “Yes. That’s the point. It’s supposed to be slick and —
Castiel looks at Dean, at a loss for words. “No - no, I-I understand. Go do what you need to do. And, um...Dean, I --”
“Okay,” Dean says. He walks upstairs. And that’s the last thing Dean says to his father. Another week passes, and finally, school ends for Sam. They ready themselves to leave.
Castiel drives the blade into the man’s chest. The man looks down without flinching. He sighs. Bored. He pulls the blade out of his chest, and then and there, Castiel’s frantic, unpleasant life flashes before his eyes. But the man doesn’t attack. He drops the blade to the floor.
Dean’s eyes fill with tears as he shakes his head.
“That’s good,” he gasps. “Dean, that’s good. It feels good.”
“Hear what?”
“It’s okay. Just...put your mouth over the head —
But they don’t have sex. Castiel wants to but his mind often has different plans. Not long gone are the days where he hated himself for desiring the kind of body, touch, and voice another man could bring him. And with Lucifer and Balthazar’s deaths still so present in the forefront of his mind, all of that pain seems to mingle together in an uneasy tangle of rattled nerves. He pulls at Dean’s shirt, and all he can see is his childhood home. He latches his mouth over Dean’s pulse and he sees the fire. He sees his father hunched over a table, muttering about homosexuals and their sicknesses when he listens to Dean moan with quiet want.
Castiel touches Lucifer’s grave with the pads of his fingers. “My brother made a lot of mistakes. And I clung to him too tightly to let myself live. He hurt me, even if he thought he was doing the right thing. I think...I need to let him go. The same way I need to let my father go, too.”
“Then why me?” Castiel demands. “I was in hell for a reason, wasn’t I? I told Balthazar that I didn’t know what sent me down there, but I-I think that I do. I didn’t make any deal. But I was supposed to be there. I knew that I would --”
Three weeks of nightmares and no angel to keep them at bay. Castiel can’t tell if seeing Dean is a relief or enough to make him wish he was still asleep. Maybe he’s exhausted and stressed beyond belief, but his first thought upon seeing him is that he looks good. Handsome, even. More so than usual. He’s used to seeing him in a leather jacket and ratted jeans, but now, he’s wearing a faded button-up flannel and a surprisingly nice pair of jeans with no holes or rips. He even combed his hair.
“Dad’s gonna get me started working at the car shop next week,” Dean murmurs. Sam winces.
“That means a lot, Balthazar. Thank you.”
“Dean, what’s happening?” he shouts, having to strain his voice to be heard over the roar.
“You’re really gonna leave?” Dean asks quietly. “For good?”
up, at the very least.
Castiel blinks.
Dean presses him to elaborate, but Castiel claims he doesn’t know what else the job will entail yet. Still, Dean is relieved it isn’t because of his strange disappearance over the weekend. Or because of any bruises or...something else. The haunted eyes of Castiel’s younger brother still trickle through Dean’s memory no matter how often he tries to shove it away. He still hasn’t told Castiel about it yet. It feels like a quiet secret, fragile enough to vanish in the wind should he speak it aloud.
No, this isn’t love - it’s
and can’t make himself stop.
It’s not the summertime - not yet - but the icy mornings that make room for warmer, milder days are ones Dean can accept with grace.
"Balthazar. It's me. Look!" He grabs his silver blade, slicing it across the skin of his forearm with a wince. Blood trickles off his wound. Balthazar splashes holy water on his face. Then again. And again.
Jo shrinks back, her gaze holding Naomi's with wide, frightened eyes. She looks between her and Castiel as he struggles uselessly on the floor.
The knife slips from his hand and clatters onto the floor, joining the pieces of the broken syringe on the dirty ground. Her blood is splattered across his skin, in his eyes, in his mouth, but he barely feels it. She’s lying. She must be lying. That’s what demons
“You don’t have to,” Dean says quietly. “I’m fine. You...you getting outta here is important, yeah? You have to do what’s right for you and your brother.”
Castiel huffs a weak laugh. “You’re right,” he says. “You shouldn’t have to be strong enough for both of us, Jo.”
Her words cut off with a thick, wordless gurgle as he jams the needle up through her jugular and presses the syringe. She lets out a thick, growling scream, thrashing against her bonds as the holy water seeps through her veins. Steam rises from the wound as Castiel watches her struggle uselessly against the chains binding her to the gate. He almost smiles.
had left on Castiel’s skin when he raised him from hell and claimed him as his own without even realizing that he’d done it.
Castiel shrugs. “I’ve never imagined an angel wanting something so badly,” Castiel says. He wonders just how much he’d regret this later. “You wanted him to touch you. I’m assuming these clubs have rules...standards for what dancers can and cannot do. But you wanted more, be it more connection, more...something. Wanting is a very...human thing to experience. I did not imagine angels as beings who
"So any song then?" Dean hears an older man say.
With a sigh, Dean grabs a water bottle from Castiel’s bag and tosses it to him. Castiel hadn’t realized how thirsty he was. He downs half the bottle in several, large gulps. He feels marginally better when he finally tosses it aside.
Dean turns his head, watching Castiel’s dark, messy hair catch in the springtime wind. He shivers; the weather isn’t quite warm enough for a t-shirt. Not yet. But that doesn’t stop Dean from refusing to wear a jacket at the first hint of sunshine, much to Castiel’s dismay.
"Whatever. I'm not betting on it though."
“And you - me - were supposed to be Michael’s. With me as Michael’s vessel, the connection he has to his brother - the Devil - and the connection I have to mine would allow him to find the Devil and my brother in a heartbeat. Funny enough, the two of them have been quiet. Haven’t done a single thing since the Devil was raised from the Cage. It’s Michael’s angels that have been hellbent on killing him to fulfill some kind of twisted destiny. I have to wonder if he’d be willing to give up his grace to stop this mess once and for all. If I can find him.”
“My father is expecting me. Goodbye, Jodi. Goodbye, Dean.”
Before him, Dean stands, his gaze steely and fixed on the hunter before him. Against the back wall of the barn, two, massive shadows stretch out on either side of Dean. Wings. Massive, massive wings, reflected in the wild flashes of lightning flickering in the enclosed space. Castiel’s breath catches as a deep, sinking feeling presses against the inner walls of his chest.
Finally, Dean lifts his hands and thrusts the urn out, letting the ashes fly from their resting place to catch in the gentle wind. They flutter across the field, some of them resting delicately on the petals of the flowers pushing up from the dirt, some of them drifting farther and farther into the sunlight to settle onto the grass. They’d give way to new life, settle in the dirt and let new flowers bloom in their wake. Castiel would like that, wouldn’t he?
Dean makes a noise between a whine and a hysterical giggle. Feeling foolish, Castiel’s shoulders shake with silent laughter as Dean gives him a playful shove, nearly toppling him over onto the sand. At that moment, Castiel feels light - like all of their problems could simply melt away, here and now. He could sit here forever - no apocalypse. No death. No blood. But he knows that this happiness is only temporary and that time is running out as they speak. Acting on a whim, Castiel hesitantly lifts his hand and gently places it over Dean’s. The other looks down at their hands, blinking in surprise before slowly looking back up to meet Castiel’s eyes.
“You get to heaven the way every human does,” she explains. “You die.”
“The angels haven’t found her yet,” Garth reports. “She’s safe. But...there is another problem. I’ve been listening to angel radio. Angels are coming up dead. We don’t know how or why. Just the other day Cassandra was found dumped behind an ally with wounds to her chest and ribs.”
“Like eight hours, mate. You needed it.” His voice drops into a frantic whisper as he hurriedly checks behind his shoulder. “But the-the- uh, wing man is here. And he won’t leave my bloody kitchen. Can you
understand what this all means?”
Castiel struggles, but Naomi shoves him further down onto the floor. He groans as the force of her power drives him down onto his hands and knees.
And Dean does. He prods them in and out, giving soft, slow licks to the head of his cock as the soft noises drift through the quiet room. Castiel gasps and nods, murmuring ‘
“Then I’ll go,” he says quickly. “I’ll go to heaven. Tell me how to get there.”
Dean snaps his fingers and the room disappears.
The older Castiel doesn’t have to tell him where they’re going for it to be abundantly clear. As the woods grow thicker and darker along the roadside, a looming presence in the night, the familiar curves and twists of the road bring Castiel back to memories he’d tried so hard to burn. A place of beauty and peace dotted by pockets of wildflowers of every imaginable color; a palace that would routinely haunt Castiel’s nightmares as it drowned beneath rivers of blood.
“Anyway, no, Balthazar needs to stay here. If we happen to stumble across any angels, they could get a hold of him and use him against us. This needs to be quiet and subtle.”
Dean shivers where he sits. He knows that she’s right. He had seen it today, and he’d seen it before. Maybe that’s why Castiel was so angry with him for putting himself in harm’s way to stick up for Benny. Pleased with her handiwork, Jodi leans back to look at him.
“Right,” he says, instead. Castiel’s short response stings a little - but he doesn’t say anything more about it and Castiel offers no further details. When they arrive at Dean’s place after school per their usual routine, Dean pointedly ignores his father’s stares. He casts his eyes to the floor instead as he grunts out a quick 'hello'. He hopes Castiel doesn’t notice. In Dean’s room, he chatters idly about Jo’ some more as Castiel looks through Dean’s records some more, keeping one hand clenched tightly around the music pendant around his neck.
He had always been a swift learner. What a way to bring about his damnation.
as though this were Dean’s tragedy and not his own. “Michael is waiting in the car for me as we speak. I should go to his funeral. I can’t miss it, of course.”
“Ugh, you’re thinking about school already?” Dean groans. “It’s a freaking Saturday.”
“Take it,” the Devil whispers. “Take my grace. Finish this now.”
But his feet are slow and sluggish. He watches in horror as the plume of smoke funnels its way into Lucifer’s mouth with a loud, unearthly scream. Castiel stumbles close enough to see, screaming his brother’s name again and again to no avail. What he sees before him is no longer his brother — his eyes flicker black, and all at once, Castiel understands that the demon had taken Lucifer’s body. And Lucifer had welcomed it.
“So why not go to Dean?” Castiel asks. “Why not fix what you didn’t do before?”
“Uh, Cas’ — “
It had been three weeks since his confrontation with Naomi. Three weeks of desperately trying to contact Lucifer with no luck. Three weeks of searching for any hint of what the next Seals could be and how to stop them from being broken. Three weeks of
“What do you say, Castiel? Think you can catch a bigger one?”
“How so?”
Dean raises a hand. “Balthazar is fine for the time being,” he says shortly. “But that Benny guy - what was he to you? Why are you so pent up over him?”
“But if you’re burying it, does that mean…?”
“I do help out!” Sam snaps. He’s angry. But his voice wavers, giving way to his fear. “I make dinner, I do chores, I help you with the groceries. I clean every day! I have homework to do. Mrs. Smith wants to put me in the AP World History class and I have to read a bunch of books for it ahead of time. I already told you — “
“What about Balthazar?!”
“Took you long enough!” Balthazar croaks, his eyes wild. He pushes himself off the counter, grappling for his shotgun and quickly reloading it with fumbling hands. He drops one of the shells, cursing under his breath as he grapples for it and shoves it into the shotgun chamber.
“You heard what I said,” John snaps. “You’re not going. And honestly? I don’t know if I trust you on your own anymore. Not after I caught you with that kid.“
Dean can feel the weight of Castiel’s ashes in the urn. He had dug them out of Castiel’s pyre with scorched palms, the hot coals still burning a dull, pulsing orange when Dean had frantically thrown himself to the ground to collect them before they could drift away. The red welts on his hands are still swollen and painful; he’d been desperate not to miss a single, lingering piece of Castiel’s remains, and driving all night with his hands gripping the steering wheel tightly had hardly given them time to heal. But Dean hardly feels the pain, now. With shaking hands, he holds the rustic container close to his chest as the distant, solitary windmill turns in the breeze, ruffling his hair and stirring the bottom of his flannel.
“Lucifer,” he croaks. “I — I didn’t realize you were —“
Dean raises his hand and stills. He keeps his fingers threaded through Castiel’s hair, giving it another painful tug.
“Wait, this is the farm where I grew up,” Castiel breathes. He gazes at the house, amazed to see it standing whole like it had when he was a little boy. “I used to...I used to think the house was watching me when I sat here. It scared me, sometimes. Other times...it made me feel safe. Lucifer and I would come here and feed the ducks. Sometimes Lucifer would chase them, try and catch the little ducklings in his hands…” He shakes his head in wonder, realizing that he’s smiling. He never thought he’d see this place again. This place of happy memories before everything turned bad and ugly.
would drive him insane if he didn’t. He sucks in a deep, quiet breath.
“Hell yeah.” Dean grins and presses a warm, lingering kiss to Castiel’s mouth, softly licking his tongue inside Castiel’s mouth. Eagerly returning the kiss, Castiel can feel his heart hammering in his chest as he wraps his arms around Dean’s neck, drawing him closer as Dean gently grinds down against Castiel’s hips. And, oh, it feels good.
“You liked watching me get a lap dance from some random stripper?” he huffs, clearly amused.
Castiel shrugs again. Dean just stares. He’s never met anybody who could play that well just from listening to the music by ear.
“Not really, no. I dunno.”
The word destiny sends an uneasy chill down Castiel’s spine. “Destiny?” he asks quietly. “Dean, perhaps if I were younger I would have accepted that more willingly. But I’ve come to...ask questions about the way I was raised. It was wrong. It’s not my destiny to do anything. I’m not some tool for angels to wave around.”
“Dean,” he grunts. “
Castiel bites his lower lip, refusing to meet Dean’s eyes. “She told me,” he says quietly.
“So you’re...torturing again?” Castiel asks quietly. The other gives him a dark look but says nothing more.
Almost fifteen minutes later, a cop car arrives.
“You alright?” he asks. Castiel blinks.
Castiel smiles despite himself. “It’s good to be back.”
her gray eyes boring into the back of his head.
“You raised me from hell,” Castiel whispers frantically. “You knew all along that heaven’s plan was wrong. You wanted to do this the right way. You knew...just like you know now.”
But she doesn’t answer. Nobody does, even when he dares send out a prayer to Dean, not able to bring himself to think about where he could be, now. Or what this world had done to him.
"N-no problem, Cas'. Is everything okay? D'you need me to —"
“You’re a human.”
seen. Kinda classy, kinda raunchy. I’ve been there before.”
“Castiel. Go with Gabriel in the ambulance. I’m going to follow with the car.”
“You’re insane, man.”
“Won’t even come near me unless I give the command. You’re too important.”
“Perhaps I was wrong about you, Dean,” Castiel says. Dean gives him a small smile.
everything
Castiel shakes his head. “Your presence is a consuming thing, Dean. It is hard to pretend you are not around me when we are together. I’ve tried.”
It’s why Dean is surprised when Castiel
“Trust me,” Balthazar huffs. “I know.”
"You're going to have to trust me." Castiel has never heard Dean's voice like this.
kill him if he found out - but it was just one.
Dean opens his mouth, then closes it again.
Castiel draws in a slow breath. Before him, a girl only a few years younger than him stands before the stained glass window. Rays of sunlight trickle in through the colors of the glass, making her long ringlets of blonde hair glimmer where she stands. Small, wiry, and surprisingly calm in Castiel’s presence, she watches him with wide, curious eyes.
The confession feels heavy in Dean’s stomach like he’d just breached something intimate and private that was never meant to be spoken aloud. But Castiel smiles; a smile that makes Dean feel utterly weak in the knees.
“Benny?” Castiel rasps. Benny chuckles that same, husky laugh that had made Castiel smile ear-to-ear the first time he ever heard it. Now, it makes him feel sick. His lower lip trembles, shaking his head in numb disbelief as he tries to make sense of what he’s seeing.
Castiel hurriedly follows him through the trees, looking around anxiously as he quickly steps around a thicket of bramble. They walk in silence for several, long moments before Castiel awkwardly clears his throat. “Thank you for helping me,” he says quietly.
he wants to say
“Oh, buy me a wedding ring then,” Castiel snaps. Dean draws back, struck by Castiel’s words. Castiel takes a sick pride in doing this to Dean; in throwing him off balance like Dean has done to him. Making
A teacher barks at them to get to class, jolting them both awake. With wide eyes, Castiel pulls back, leaving Dean trembling where he stands. Before Dean can say a word, Castiel turns and runs down the hallway and out the doors. Dean watches him go, the teacher’s words sharp against his eardrums before he turns and treads heavily down the hall. Each footstep is an echo, empty and tired as Dean feels the weight of the world tumble onto his shoulders. A weight he never understood, until then. Until it was too late.
“You sure you don’t know what did it, mate?” he asks quietly. The lack of trust in Balthazar’s eyes makes Castiel’s body feel heavy. He stares the elder hunter straight in the eye.
“More than you know, Dean.”
He can’t betray his brother any more than he can let Castiel get hurt. In the silence of the room, he realizes he can hear muffled yelling from the open window next door. Both brothers turn, staring, as the yelling grows in volume.
“Yeah, and then that kid would have been bleeding out his face instead of me,” Dean snaps angrily. Castiel glares at him.
“What the hell was that?!” he demands. “I almost killed your brother, Castiel! Get in the house.
Those wing-flappers are a bit too overcharged for a demon to snuff out their lights so easily. But the chat was...stimulating. I had fun.”
will look like if you don’t keep fighting.”
“...and I took him back to my hotel room. We were...talking all night. Laughing. I couldn’t remember the last time I’d laughed with somebody like that. I shouldn’t have...taken him back to my hotel room when I knew the vampires were on my tail. But I did. We…” He vaguely gestures with his hand as Dean nods. His eyes spark with what Castiel swears is
“Joanne?” Castiel breathes.
. He scrambles out of bed and charges downstairs, stopping just short of the kitchen where the smell is strongest —
Sliding off the bed, Castiel feels unsteady on his feet as he grabs his bag, moving with a renewed purpose. His heart races in his chest, but he feels lighter on his feet. Determined. For the first time in forever, he knows exactly what he needs to do.
With a tear dripping down his cheek, Dean empties Castiel’s last remains, letting them trickle through the air. “See ya later, buddy,” he whispers. “I’ll...I’ll see ya later.” And, just like that, it’s done. Castiel can rest. He can lay back in the sun, letting the grass tickle his skin and the bees buzz pleasantly around his head. He can be happier than he ever was during his waking life. Dean has to believe that as the wind carries Castiel away, farther and farther away from Dean. And with it, Dean’s last, lingering promise, one he should have said long ago when Castiel was still around to hear it -
“I’ve often asked myself why my brother and I spent so much time tracking that demon down when it was clear we both hated where we came from. But...some memories...were good ones. We had a large yard to play in. A pond. The summers were beautiful and warm and Lucifer and I often challenged each other to see how many salamanders we could catch. It’s strange to hate a place and yet...feel so attached to it. Perhaps I wanted to blame the demon for all the evil that happened there, even though the supernatural had nothing to do with our suffering and neglect. Hunting it gave Lucifer and me a sense of purpose. But we never found it.”
“Jeez,” Dean murmurs, rolling his eyes at his own mistake, completely blind to the fact that Castiel is more baffled by the notion of an angel hiding in a building of mostly naked people on a stage than by his lapse in memory that Castiel isn’t attracted to women. “Right. Sorry. Okay, change of plans: we go
Castiel sputters out a wordless noise and gropes blindly for the table behind him. He lets go of the needle and it hangs off of her skin for a moment before falling to the floor, the vial shattering into a dozen pieces.
The other Castiel snorts. “Our brother doesn’t need anyone.” Standing up again, the older Castiel holsters his gun and grabs a long hunting knife from the tiny kitchenette table near the corner of the cabin. “How am I supposed to believe you?” his older self asks. “How do I know this isn’t some trick of the angels? Or something worse?”
“I-well, I —”
you sleep with him last night. Why did you kill him?! In front of all those people?!”
no other way. This is the end of the world. The angels use the virus to thin out the population. Humans are most susceptible to it - those who survive it are demons, rogue angels, or monsters. The angels can then identify them and wipe them out quickly on their impossible hunt for the Devil. The planet is
Footsteps sound behind him, but he doesn’t turn.
“Sorry,” he mumbles through a mouthful of food. He waves the trash away - Castiel doesn’t want to think where it’s ended up - before leaning over across the barrier between the driver and passenger seats.
“Balthazar, who was that woman?” Castiel asks cautiously.
“This is a situation I have under control,” Castiel says quietly, addressing the onlookers. “I am dealing with him - this
“He’s too soft,” he snaps. “He’ll never break her.” Dean glares at him when Castiel remains quiet.
“I guess. I really don’t mind if you take a nap, dude. I was just gonna try and figure out Ms. Ellen’s science homework or whatever.”
“Michael — “
Yes. Like that.”
before?” Dean asks, a little surprised. Castiel shrugs.
“Bait,” he says quietly. “You’re using these people as bait.”
“Looking back, I can see now that my mother was deeply depressed. She rarely left her room, not that she had any real reason to; women were not meant to work or make a life for themselves, according to my father. I would try to reach her - but my mother would just sit on her bed whenever I entered her room. Sometimes she would read me nicer verses of the Bible quietly, without looking at me. I’d bring her tea and she’d thank me, kiss my head, ask me how Lucifer was like she was living someplace far, far away from us.
Not to mention, Castiel misses him. Lucifer is the only family Castiel has.
He watches the boy fly inside the house next door and slam it shut. On the grass just at the base of the tree, something glistening catches his eye. Dean walks over and plucks off the muddy ground, examining it closely. A small, sterling silver music pendant hangs on a silver chain, glistening in the rain. It must have belonged to the boy.
“Hey, if I’m going to do this, you two
Dean sighs. “I’ll explain later. Benny — was that his name? — will be back. Come with me.” Dean reaches out a hand to grab Castiel’s wrist.
And just like that, Dean disappears. Stricken, Castiel stares at the space where Dean disappeared. What Dean
“So…?”
With a roll of his eyes, Dean leans back against the table. “Not how angels work, buddy. We aren’t demons. This guy? He prayed for it. Devout ‘till the end. He had faith.”
He decided to take up a local hunt, hoping that more answers could come after he clears his head. Castiel drops his bag onto the floor and sits quietly at the edge of the bed. Absently, he runs his fingers over the faded, white sheets, sighing quietly in the silence digging heavily at his ears. Under normal circumstances, he would be sitting here with Lucifer. Lucifer wouldn’t talk much - but Castiel would catch him absently humming one of their father’s old church hymns under his breath, filling the silence with a familiar, if not a harsh, reminder of home. They’d talk about the hunt. Lucifer would get to researching as Castiel would ready their weapons and begin conducting any solo interviews he felt were effective to do alone.
That’s why I’m left to clean up the messes of the choices I made long ago. The choices that
“Refusing to kill someone you love isn’t cowardly, Dean,” he says quietly. Stiff and rigid where he sits, Dean looks down at his hands before gazing out the hazy window across the room. With the light trickling in through the window, Castiel is startled by how beautiful Dean - his vessel - really is.
She sighs as her eyes briefly flash a bright white - at once, Castiel feels it. Her grace - a jarring sense of her being inside him, fluttering around in the back of his head. It’s small, not enough to overwhelm him, but enough to let him
“How’s being human holding up for you? For, uh, both of you, I guess?”
He should be scoping out the rest of the camp, trying to figure out what’s going on before he decides if he should stay or leave - but now, he’s drawn to himself and this other man. The two are walking away from their spot, the other man touching Castiel’s elbow as they make way for a cabin at the end of the path. Castiel follows them from a distance, grateful that the overcast sky and threat of rain seem to be moving the rest of the camp steadily indoors. He doesn’t want to have to deal with being spotted. Watching from close behind, he ducks behind a cluster of bushes as the two wander in through the doors.
“It’s cold out here,” Dean remarks. “You wanna come in and take a break?”
“Dean. Don’t. Just wait.”
“Yes, sir,” Dean says finally. His voice is faint, nearly a whisper. “I understand.”
Dean grins, wide and unashamed. “
For a moment, Sam doesn’t respond.
. And you took me to...a bar?”
Dean nods, a bit dazed.
He doesn’t want to be in this situation any more than Castiel does. And Castiel can tell.
“Gabriel. We have to,” he says seriously. Dean shakes his head, placing a hand on his shoulder. Castiel ignores it.
"Samuel, I'm older than you, and I've been on this planet long enough to know a queer when I see one. And I'm just telling Dean that he should be careful. Mind your manners and eat your dinner."
“You need to stop applying the rules you thought you knew from your time to now. Everything has changed. Nothing is what it was, and there is zero margin for error. Any day now our wardings could prove to be too weak. Any day now, Michael could find us. Working with the Devil won’t be the worst thing I’ve ever done.”
. Before dad gets home and makes you.”
Before Castiel can respond, movement in the doorway makes them both turn. Gabriel is standing in the doorway, a golden blanket clutched tightly in his small hands behind his back. He spreads it out behind his shoulders, mimicking the appearance of golden wings. Above him, the dingy, hallway light casts a soft glow over his head, illuminating his thin, brown hair.
“The only angel who hasn’t been causing problems - that I know of, funny enough - is the Devil himself. He’s been hiding with my brother.”
Dean looks up, lost in his own thoughts. Startled by Sam's interruption, he frowns.
But he has no time to ponder it. Lucifer is spreading his arms as a wide crack opens up across the floor with a deafening sound. As the warehouse shakes and rumbles, Castiel watches in horror as a massive plume of black, billowing smoke roars up from the crack and swirls like a thunderstorm around Lucifer’s head.
“You killed me, Balthazar. You killed me and you didn’t even
“Nope. Just me.” Dean inspects his nails, refusing to elaborate further. Castiel opens his mouth to ask
ass. I just live here, mate.”
“Why me, then?” Castiel demands. “Of all people, why me? You said it yourself. My faith is…questionable. It’s rocky. I...I don’t know what I believe anymore. You told me in my dream that...that I didn’t go to hell for the reasons I thought, but…
That makes Dean laugh wholeheartedly as he shoots Castiel a smile. God, this guy is strange. But, strangely enough, Dean doesn’t mind it as much as he thought that he would. Castiel talks like a robot, Dean decides. A very sincere, very talented robot. He's honest - Dean could give him that much. It's an honesty that, despite Castiel's stiff, awkward way of speaking, makes it easier to talk to him.
