Cas looked amused but agreed. He kept the blanket firmly wrapped around him as he made his way over to where Dean was working.
Dean went into the bathroom to take a shower and Sam started to talk to Castiel about disposing of the bodies in their motel room before they left. No one seemed to notice that Lucifer was just standing there in shock.
When Meg had revealed the hellhounds Dean had felt fear trickle down his spine and infect his scent. He had the Colt in his hand and knew he had to make a choice: shoot Meg or shoot the hellhound he knew the location of. There was at least one, maybe two but the fewer invisible killing machines they had to face the better.
"Hi Dad, " Dean said, his tone light and friendly. He held out the plate he was carrying. "Want a hand pie?"
“Dean was wondering how long you plan on ignoring him, if you are only going to show up when he is in heat.”
Dean nodded and Gabe walked out of the room. A moment later he was back with one of the beta women. It was the one that had stayed to her side of the room, not the one who had gotten too close.
Gabe gave them all a big grin. “Lead the way and I will get you set up with the best beds heaven can offer,” he promised them.
As soon as he had gotten home from school the day before Castiel had been cleaning his room and organized his horde. His mommy and daddy had helped a bit and his big brother Gabriel had hung pretty sparkly lights from the ceiling. They look like stars.
"Let me just get Dean," Cas responded and went to find his mate. He saw Dean was still in the kitchen, handing off the last platter of patties to Benny. Dean sniffed the air and turned to Cas, concern on his face. Apparently his scent was still distressed. Dean washed his hands and went over to scent Cas.
Cas nodded. "Charlie took it to the vet and they kept it overnight. She said it was all better by the morning."
Benny just made sympathetic sounds as he kept pouring. Crowley was on his 4th drink and enjoying the warmth fuzzy feeling it gave him when he saw a familiar face headed towards him.
Cas could see how she might be confused. People often looked at Sam and for some reason equated his height with him being the older brother.
He turned and walked away. Gabe watched him leave feeling a real smile coming on. Meg was going to eat him alive.
The third egg took another 2 hours to hatch. During that time both girls had finished eating, Dean had gotten them dressed in diapers, and now had both of them napping in his arms. Dean kept checking the other egg, worried that it didn't seem to be progressing. Cas would just tell him to be patient.
There was a sound like Cas releasing a breath he had been holding. That made no sense to Dean but he shrugged it off as Cas said, "I would like to be the one to pick you up, if that is alright?"
He wondered what would happen if Dean did come back from feral and him and Castiel decided to mate? Where would he be when that happened? Would he have to get his own place? Who would he nest with when he was feeling vulnerable and close to feral?
Dean blushed slightly and nodded. He watched as Sammy followed Bobby out, probably to say his own goodbyes. For a moment he tried to imagine the scene if their dad had been there but realized he couldn’t. His dad probably would have rolled through, told Dean to stop being so lazy, and headed out before dinner. Dean loved his dad but he was suddenly glad no one had been able to get in touch with him. He would not have let Dean have this chance for happiness.
Lucifer had never heard anyone talk about God that way. He half expected Dean to get struck down. His thoughts were echoed on every face. When nothing happened they all relaxed slightly.
Gabe gave a silent prayer that they would not find John Winchester until after Dean was back to normal. Otherwise he wasn’t sure if he could keep his brother from killing him. Not that he would really mind. Seriously, from what he had heard John deserved it, but killing him could put Castiel in jail or a feral state and Gabe didn’t want that.
Castiel had also brought him breakfast and Gabe thought that Dean was going to jump his brother right then. Even after Castiel had left the scent of happy omega could be smelled all the way out into the hall. Gabe actually had to go around with air fresheners to tone it down.
“Yeah, an alpha, I heard.” Gabe said. “I had to leave the ward before he came in. The omega, Dean, that you brought in a few weeks ago, he will have to have a guard outside his door.”
Now Sammy was about to marry Jess. Dean might not get the expense he was happy for the couple and hoped their day would be as perfect in their memories as his and Cas’s had been.
The demon may have been a creature of lightning but even he was unprepared for the storm that built inside the house. Wind howled, lightning flashed, and in the middle of it the wizard Castiel calmly walked forward. The demon threw everything he could at him but nothing seemed to work. Finally Cas was within an arm's length. He reached out a hand and a knife appeared within it. Almost casually he stabbed the demon and watched the body fall.
Castiel nodded solemnly then looked back at Sam. there was an awkward pause before Gabe reminded him, “are you going to give him permission or not?”
Cas nodded. “For some reason he was convinced that the children were not his and in fact mine. I reminded him that Hael was my sister and that he was her mate but he wouldn't hear it. He didn't even seem sorry that they were dead. I told him he was insane and he just laughed. So we fought.”
Being in a relationship with Cas was surprisingly easy. They had been friends for so long they already knew each other's annoying habits. That didn't mean they didn't have any problems but it was the same as with any new relationship.
Sam scoffed. John whirled to face him. “And you,” He practically spat at Sam. “I thought you were done with your family or was that just me?”
Castiel gave him a look promising reprisal, lifting one eyebrow. Dean inhaled sharply his own arousal in the air but settled and ate the rest of his sandwich quietly.
The problem was that there was nothing to do to distract himself. The room didn’t even have a tv. Or books. Luckily the night nurse, not Meg, grabbed him some magazines to read. He distracted him by reading the latest celebrity gossip and taking quizzes to determine what love language he was (touch and acts of service). Finally it was late enough that Dean fell back into a fitful sleep.
As he sent up a ritual to track Anna, Dean paced behind him muttering that he couldn’t believe Anna would do that.
Dean looked over at him and gave a half shrug and smile. Cas seemed to understand because he got out of the car but before he left he said “please text me tomorrow. I want to know if you need anything.” Then he closed the door and disappeared into the building
As soon as he shut the door, Cas pulled out his cell phone and texted Sam asking for his ETA. Sam responded 5 mins and Cas told him to come straight into the house when he got there. The next person he texted was Gabe. He was also on his way with Balthazar and would show up about the same time as Sam. That done Cas went to get his pup ready for the BBQ.
Dean couldn't keep his eyes open a moment longer. As soon as his eyes were closed Dean started to doubt himself. Sammy couldn't be there. Sammy was in California going to school. Dean was getting delirious. He was worse than he thought.
Castiel stepped closer to Dean and said quietly, voice full of frustration, "I killed two angels this week. Those are my brothers. I'm hunted. I rebelled, and I did it, all of it, for you. I lost everything for nothing. So keep your opinions to yourself."
They walked into the garage. It was a little run down because Cas didn’t use it but it was large, maybe big enough to hold three or four cars.
Dean didn't have time to dwell on Cas during the day. He'd been keeping busy. A lot of hunters and mercenaries had been in the area lately and most had come by at some point for new weapons or professional sharpening of the ones they already had. Apparently there was rumor of a dragon in the area. Dean made their weapons, took their money, and prayed the dragon stayed far out of their reach.
It took Gabe a second to remember what he was talking about. Then he remembered what Mark had said about Cassie’s reaction to the omega. “Physically he’s fine, a bit of bruising from his fight, but nothing bad. Menatlly we are not sure.” he confessed to his brother. “We decided to put him in a medically induced coma to prevent him from sinking deeper into a feral state.”
Dean took a deep breath, which didn't really help because the room was full of the smell of horny alphas, and steadied himself. He just needed to get through the next few minutes and both those dicks would be his. That thought made him happy.
They lay that way for at least half an hour, Gabe almost dropping off to sleep when Castiel’s low and gravelly voice asked “How’s the omega?”
"I've had more fun with you in the past 24 hours than I've had with Sam in years." Dean told him."And you're not that much fun."
Castiel tilted his head thoughtfully. "I do not believe so. In fact if what Crowley said is true, you may have the best chance to get close enough to Lucifer to shoot him."
Dean woke up suddenly. He had been dreaming of flames but, unlike the last few times when the dreams were warm and pleasant, these flames had seemed angry and violent. It took him a moment to realize the flickering he could see was real and not just echoes from his dreams.
I'm back home and my internet is working!! My little vacation was tons of fun and I'm so glad I went. I do feel better being home though. With my parents injured I like to be close at hand if they need anything.
Dean pulled up a chair, sitting on it backwards, and said “why don't you just tell us everything. Start from the beginning.”
Dean was willing to bet a hundred dollars that the man's mark, if he had one, was small and far from his heart.
“Yours,” Dean immediately agreed. “All yours. Always.” Then he felt his balls tighten. “Gonna cum, oh god. Cas!”
Now that it was just the two of them in his office, Cas turned his attention to what really mattered: making sure his lover was alright. There would be time for tearing apart the man who had hurt him later.
The next few days weren’t much better. Sam kept his promise and brought Dean a phone so he could talk to Cas but it wasn’t the same. Even the handkerchief Cas had given him earlier was starting to lose his scent, instead starting to smell like the sad omega who possessed it. The phone calls were the highlight of Dean’s day. He got one in the morning before Cas went to work and one in the evening after dinner. That one sometimes went on until Dean fell asleep. Luckily his alpha thought it was cute when that happened.
Dean nodded, remembering. He continued his walk around, quietly muttering to himself and taking notes of materials he'd need.
She didn't answer but moments later Sam's annoyed voice came over the phone "what do you want Dean."
Sam gave him a look but Dean just shrugged and said, “I mean, what's the worst that could happen, right?”
Cas was staring at Dean expectantly. Dean took a deep, calming breath then pulled off his pants again. He set them down beyond the reach of the flames. He's going to need them the next morning when he goes home.
In what seemed like a too short time his wings were done and it was Gabriel’s turn. He stretched out his wings and Lucifer grimaced. They were a mess. Loose feathers were hanging all over the place. He could tell that Gabriel had tried to self groom but there were spots he obviously couldn’t reach. They got to work. Feathers piled up on the bed but soon Gabriel's wings were starting to gain their former glory. When they got to the point of spreading his wing oil it smelled sweet like the candy he ate as well as a salty ocean smell. It reminded Lucifer of the time before he had rebelled and Micheal had thrown him in the cage; a time when they had all still gotten along as brothers. By the time they were done Gabriel's wings were back to their shiny golden glory.
Dean was surprised when Cas pulled into the parking lot of a gourmet burger restaurant. It had opened months ago and Dean had wanted to go but his deep sense of loyalty to the Roadhouse and their burgers prevented him. It was weird, though. This wasn't the kind of place Cas normally made reservations for when he was planning his dates.
Castiel gave him a slight pat on the back and pulled back saying, “I have no idea what you're saying.”
Most of the time things went smoothly, money was made and everyone went home happy. But sometimes some special idiot would appear and things would get messy. Crowley listened as tonight's idiot, a Cole Trenton if he remembered correctly, ranted about not being gay, how "that dancer" deserved everything he got, and how he wanted his money back. The last one made Crowley roll his eyes. The lap dance had been free, a special treat for a VIP.
Dean rolled his eyes at Castiel and explained, "This whole industry runs on absent fathers. It's the natural order." They spotted some men coming towards them so Dean led him outside.
Dean was happy to be driving again once they made it back to the car but there was a lot of tension between him and Sam. He knew Sam was ready to take on the weight of the world. When Sam opened his mouth Dean just told him it was ok. And that they needed to figure out what was going on; how had they ended up on that plane?
Dean was grinning at him like Castiel was the cutest thing he had ever seen as he said “Remember when I met Gabe for the first time and he told me all those embarrassing stories from when you were a kid?”
They had finished the documentary and were just looking for a new one when Castiel said quietly, “he was only four.”
“Apparently this one didn’t get the memo,” Cas yelled back as he charged the demon. It didn’t take long to dispatch him but the mood was lost and Jody had to come by again to investigate and take the body away.
The head tilt was going to be the death of him, Dean thought as Cas said, “but you asked me to live with you. You accepted the gifts. You approved the nest. And if that night in the cave was any indication, you find me sexually attractive.”
Lucifer was feeling a little put out. Dean had greeted Castiel warmly but went straight to asking favors from Lucifer. He put on his most charming smile and said “ask and you shall receive.”
Dean frowned. He hated the idea of losing Cas way more than talking about his feelings, and he hated talking about his feelings. Plus from what Sam was saying it sounded like Cas was all for having a relationship. “Alright, I'll talk to him,” Dean said with a sigh.
After a while Dean leaned back and started doing playfully light kisses on Cas's face only hitting his lips occasionally. Cas growled again as chased Dean's lips, but from his smile Dean could tell he was having fun too. While they kissed Dean let his hands wander, Cas mirroring his movements.
After the gaff with the FBI badge Castiel and Dean followed the deputy into his office. Castiel still didn't understand why they weren't just telling the truth but every time he tried, Dean interrupted him. They found out the name of the vessel and his current location.
Sam waited impatiently for his brother to show up. For months Dean had been talking about his new friend/roommate turned boyfriend and today Sam was going to meet him. If Dean and Cas ever showed up. He had been sitting in the cafe for about 20 minutes (ok so what that he showed up 15 mins early) nursing a cup of coffee.
Dean wished it was but besides the being more attentive thing, there was nothing that Dean could see indicating any interest on Cas’s part. Charlie and Sam were both convinced that Cas liked him too but Dean just couldn't see it. And he wasn't about to pursue someone who wasn’t interested.
He really did mean it. It would solve everything if God just stopped it. As it stood now, Castiel wasn't sure if mating Dean would work. He didn't know of anyone that he could stand to be the third in their trio. And he was sure it had to be an angel. Two graces to protect Dean.
Sam looked confused but he knew Dean well enough that he nodded. Dean would talk to him later. Gabe was frowning and his frown was mirrored on Lucifer's face. Cas on the other hand, was looking at Dean with concern. They stared into each other's eyes then Dean leaned towards him. "Cas, I'm freaking out." He whispered.
Dean watched as Gabe plucked a chocolate bar out of thin air and started eating it absentmindedly. Leaning close to Cas he whispered, “Can you do that? I mean with your power-up and everything?”
Castiel stood up and silently made his way over to the boy. The other kids backed up when Castiel got close. He stopped right in front of the boy and stared into his watery eyes for several minutes. Green eyes stared right back into his without fear then without saying a word Castiel took the boy's hand and let him over to where Castiel had been playing. He carefully chose one of his favourite toys and held it out. The boy took it with a small smile
"Shit! It's already that late? I've got to go." He started hurrying towards the new front door. "I'll be back in the morning," he called over his shoulder as he headed towards the car.
He landed to a strange sight. Sam was pacing the room, Dean was clinging to Castiel, and Castiel was eating. Lucifer took a moment to stare at them. Dean spotted him first and waved him over. When Lucifer was within arms reach Dean shot out a hand and pulled Lucifer closer so that he was sandwiched between the two alphas. Lucifer was happy that Dean was being affectionate towards him but he had never seen Dean this desperate for their touch. He gave a quick sniff of the air, checking to see if he was in heat but that didn’t seem to be the case.
But here everyone is so supportive. Even the stories that don't get many views or kudos still get some. It makes me very happy. And has me thinking that at some point, maybe when I feel even more confident, I'll start writing those other stories living in my head. The ones that have nothing to do with fanfic.
When Sam got to the car he told Dean that he had a lead on the Colt. This was the first good news they had gotten in a while relating to the apocalypse. Though Bobby had said that the signs of the apocalypse had slowed down and even the natural disasters were less than before. He didn't know what it meant but was looking into it.
Dean spun around. Lucifer could scent his agitation. “Well, before wasn’t during the apocalypse and you didn’t have to worry about other hunters putting a bullet in your ass!” Dean shouted at Sam. Then he took a deep breath and added more calmly, “Look, think of it as a vacation. Read some books, get caught up on tv, maybe look into colleges or universities. I will be gone a few days. A week at most. Just please stay here.”
Dean thought about it. It was a Thursday, so not his most social day of the week. "Nothing yet," he replied. "Why? Do you want to get a beer or something?"
So last week I was having a bad week. Nothing really terrible; I was just in a bad mood for days and had a headache that wouldn't go away. Luckily so far this week seems to be going better already (still having headache issues, though).
Almost everyone they knew had been invited, and some Cas didn’t but Gabe did from the hospital. People were already arriving and walking around the house to the backyard. Cas had seen Meg, Bobby, Benny, Jo, and Ellen already. Benny had told Dean that he would man the grill when the patties were ready. Dean had been happy to hear that. Being about 6 months pregnant with twins meant that Dean didn’t like to stand too long.
Dean turned to Sam to check on him. Sam looked rumpled and a little freaked out but Dean could tell he would be alright. That didn't stop him from fussing over him for a couple minutes. Dean could feel Dr Novak's eyes on him and realized this was a perfect opportunity to talk to him. Something must have shown on his face or been passed through their marks because Sam suddenly looked up and said "You should talk to him."
"Squirrel! Stop flirting with the bartender and get back to work. I have a VIP who needs some special attention." The orders came from Crowley and with a final wink at Benny Dean hurried to obey.
Castiel had taken the day off for the meeting and Gabe knew he was likely as nervous as Dean. The night before he had been looking up bakeries and their reviews to try to find the best pie in the city.
Cas nodded and Dean turned to leave. Just before he got in his work truck he called out, "Don't forget to put up some temporary wards. At least until you properly fix yours." Then he drove off.
"Now here we are 20 years later and he's finally doing something to keep his greatest treasure forever," Gabe continued his speech, his glass raised for the toast he was giving. "Congratulations Castiel and Dean. And Dean, welcome to the family."
Dean’s face grew a bit dark. “I like that they were trying to help but it really pisses me off to see my hard work destroyed all the time.”
Sam agreed and Gabe had a thought. "If we were able to track your dad down would he be able to convince Dean to go along with a support group and possibly therapy?"
Gabe was touched to see that Dean was feeling protective of him but there was no time for that. “This room is going to have to be locked down. A feral alpha is being brought in.” Gabe informed them.
Novak tilted his head like a confused bird. "If you have questions or need assistance with class I am happy to help during my office hours."
Dean told him off. It was when he was arguing with the devil that Dean realized something that had been bothering him the whole time. He couldn't scent anyone. Future Dean smelled like a beta and so did future Cas. Even the devil carried no scent. As he realized this he stopped listening to Lucifer’s ramblings.
“Have you tried talking to him?” Charlie asked, her tone slightly sarcastic. Dean glared at her; she knew the answer. “Just talk to him!” she said exasperated. “Go up to him and say ‘Cas, I like you and want to have your babies.’ “ Her voice was pitched low in mockery of him.
Dean brightened, “so there’s still going to be a relationship? You are not going to make me wait until the end of exams?”
“So you face down ferals? That’s so brave!” Gabe heard a nurse simper. He rolled his eyes again as he heard Castiel give a serious reply. Dumb alpha had no idea she was flirting with him.
The pause sounded full of insult. John could feel his face heat up as he tried to keep his temper. Kate was looking at him with concern but seemed determined to make a good impression at this BBQ. She introduced him to a short man that seemed like the stereotype of an omega male; short, long hair and flamboyant. John was surprised when she said that he was Dr Novak (Gabriel, the man clarified). With him was his mate; a smarmy British lawyer named Balthazar. John had to wonder who had come up with these names. There wasn’t a single normal one in the bunch.
They were half way through the third one when Sam showed up. Dean didn't notice him until he heard him say hey.
It was getting close to 11 when Dean came out. Dean sat down on the bed and started talking animatedly to Bobby. Gabe could tell from his scent that he was nervous but nothing in his face or tone showed it.
The man laughed and gave Cas’s shoulder a slap in sympathy. Cas could see the edge of the forest now and thought it couldn’t get there soon enough.
Lucifer smiled. Grooming could be used in many ways but he knew that what Castiel was suggesting would not be the sexy kind between mates but the more mundane grooming between friends and family. That was fine.
Dean realized something during Zach's rant, "There's a reason you're telling me all this, instead of just nabbing me. You need my consent. Michael needs my say-so to ride around in my skin."
Cas was still staring at the eggs when Dean returned, but it didn't look like he had touched anything. Dean set the food on the table then dumped the clothes on his bed, sorted through them until he found a shirt and pants. He held them out to Cas. “Put these on before Sam gets here.”
Bobby interrupted him to demand Castiel heal him. Castiel reached out with his grace and was alarmed to realise that it was being blocked somehow. "I can't." He said simply.
Castiel nodded. "Apparently he has been searching for an omega he first scented upon rising." Gabriel's eyes widened in understanding but he said nothing. "If this is true, I wish to speak to him. I would like your support though."
“Are you the alpha cop we are waiting on?” The man asked shortly. Cas nodded and the man continued, “Finally. Now we can finally go in and get that feral.”
"Tell who what?" Dean wasn't paying too much attention to Sam. Jo had just put her hand on Cas's shoulder and was leaning down to say something. Dean gave a quick thought of thanks that everyone in the house, save him and Cas, were betas because he was sure his scent stunk of jealousy.
Cas had called to suggest Dean try to find the Colt, which had been lost after they had killed the yellow eyed demon. Dean could hear traffic behind Cas and wondered where the hell, or heaven, he was. Cas missed something Dean said and Dean had to chuckle. "It's funny, talking to a messenger of God on a cell phone. you know, like watching a Hells Angel ride a moped."
The rest of the ballet passed quickly and as soon as the house lights came up Dean texted Sammy to see if he was still at the Roadhouse. The text he got back was full of misspelled words and strange auto-corrections but the gist was yes they were still there. Dean had to smile at the text. Sammy was drunk.
Castiel vaguely wondered when Lucifer had started calling him “Cas” but he put it aside. He moved back over to the dirt mound and started carefully brushing dirt aside. “I’ve seen this before,” he told Lucifer, “when I resurrected Dean.”
"I believe I have the solution." He realized then that he was really going to need to speak to Dean personally, without Sam and Bobby listening in, when he told him the way to stop it all. But Castiel did have another plan, one he could publicly say. "I'm gonna find God." He stated confidently.
"Dean, most of your problems with your brother have been because of secrets and miscommunication." Cas reminded him.
When his alarm went off, letting him know it had been half an hour he headed back to Dean’s room. He walked in to see Dean clutching Castiel’s handkerchief.
As the boy ate, Dean looked around at Sam, Cas, Gabe and the babies and felt like his family was complete.
"Hi Cas, I thought this was a date," she said as she got close, then she paused, considering them. "Unless Dean is the date? In that case congratulations. Especially you Dean."
Cas started slow, with long deep thrusts. Dean tried to get him to pick up the pace by pulling at him with his hands and trying to thrust against him. But Cas used his superior strength to keep Dean in check. The omega in Dean was thrilled. His big, strong alpha was taking control.
Sam was waiting for them in front of a ramshackled house decorated with hubcaps. Lucifer thought it looked like it could fall down at any time.
Now he was nervous. What if it wasn't his omega? What if it was and the omega rejected his courtship? What if he couldn't find his third (though he suspected Castiel was it)?
“Well, the first thing to know is that no matter if you're with a guy or a girl, you can't just be shoving your thing straight in,” Dean informed him. “That's a good way to hurt your partner. Instead, take it slow, let fingers and lips wander and get things warmed up and relaxed.”
They lucked out. Their waitress was a woman named Dee. She was probably middle aged, Dean guessed and something about the brothers seemed to bring out her mothering instincts. When Sam proudly announced it was Dean's 16th birthday, and Dean acted shy, she declared that they could order anything they wanted on the house. Dean and Sam didn't want to abuse her kindness so they didn't go overboard but they did each order one of those trucker breakfasts with lots of meat and eggs for cheap. Dean also ordered one order of waffles for them to split. She brought it all out along with glasses of orange juice that they hadn't ordered and sang happy birthday for Dean. Dean put on a smile and sat through it but was glad when she left to help other customers and left Dean and Sam to their food.
Sam and Dean both protested and Adam looked like he was going to be stubborn when Ellen stepped in again. "Adam you must be hungry. Why don't we find you some food and then we can figure this out? Heaven and hell can wait long enough for a sandwich."
The one thing they did together everyday was eat lunch. It started when Dean had forgotten his lunch at home and Cas had offered to make him a sandwich. Cas wasn't much of a cook but he was pretty proud of how much Dean seemed to like his sandwiches, even the ones full of all that 'healthy shit’ as Dean would say.
It took a moment for Dean to understand what Cas was asking. Before he could say anything Sam started laughing. "Ew, no. Dean and I are just brothers. Maybe closer then some but not that close."
Dean gave a shrug. "He’s a quiet guy, I'll give you that. But I told him he could either tell me his name or I would make one up and it wouldn't be pretty. So he told me. Why? Haven't you been talking to him each day?"
He ran to the door but didn't want to go all the way to the house. So, just standing in the doorway, he yelled as loud as he could, “Cas! Sam!” Then he ran back to his forge without waiting to see if they responded. He figured that he could yell again in a few minutes if they didn't show up.
Dean put his untouched beer on a table and turned to leave. He knew he should say something, or see if Cas still needed a ride but all he wanted was to get out. He heard his brother say his name but he ignored it. He could talk to Sam tomorrow. He couldn't talk now if he tried.
“We don’t know that,” he reminded her, “Let’s just wait until we’ve met him before we come to conclusions.”
"Raise the shield," Elizabeth ordered, somewhat unnecessarily as the technician had already done so.
Cas and the man he was paired with didn’t talk much as they started their search. He could tell from the way the man moved and the hand signals he used that he was some form of former military. They searched until it got dark enough that the sheriff called it off for the night. Cas had been able to catch the feral’s scent a few times during the search, it was an alpha, and had even left his own scent a couple places. He hoped it would act as a lure for the alpha. Maybe get him out to re-mark his territory or challenge the invading alpha.
Cas gave him a hard look. Dean generally wasn't very submissive but under that look he felt himself melt. "Dean, we both know that at some point you are going to tell Sam and Bobby everything. It will be easier if they hear the correct and full information the first time round."
Cas personally thought that Dean's type of magic was cooler. He helped people and his work was like art. Cas wanted to say all that but the words got stuck and Dean moved the conversation along.
“No,” Dean said slowly, then he looked around and said it more firmly, “no. I would rather confront him here, surrounded by family, than run into him in the grocery store with Mary.”
John stepped back again and looked around. He had no allies there. Even Kate and Adam were staring at him in horror. He couldn’t believe they weren’t siding with him on this.
If he hadn't known who the man was meeting or how it was likely going to turn out, Crowley would have tossed the man out on his ear. He had no time for people who put their hands on his dancers. And Dean had a special place in his heart. Besides being one of his stars, he had been the one to take Crossroads from just another strip club to The strip club.
The knock on Dean's door is what finally got him to make a decision on his shirt. Pulling a bright green henley over his head he grabbed his phone and wallet of the way to the door. He opened it up to see Cas standing there in his usual suit with trenchcoat.
Gabe laughed and headed to the locker room. When he got to his locker he switched his white coat for a regular jacket. He thought for a moment about taking a shower but it was late and he just wanted to go home. He’d have a shower there. Instead he sprayed himself with scent blockers. That would be enough to cover the scent of the feral omega.
He put on a kettle for tea before heading to his workroom. He gave a quick check of his wards but he knew Gabe would never be dumb enough to mess with those ones. His workroom was where Cas did his high level magic, the kind that changed the weather or leveled mountains. His wards there were to protect everyone else as much as it was to protect him.
Dean put aside his mug and stood, stretching as he did. Lucifer gave a brief thought of what he would like to do if Gabriel hadn’t been there but put it aside. “Alright, how do we do this?” Dean asked.
This time Castiel stepped forward, “Chuck, a prophet of the Lord told me there was another way to end the apocalypse. Through Dean, Lucifer and I mating. And his words are the words of God.”
She had hesitated before blurting out, "can you really make something like you told Gordon you could?"
Dean had worked himself up to a full distressed whine by the time his pup came back. He felt the bed dip and then he felt arms around him. His pup was back.
That man has no idea how bad he's messed up, Benny thought. A few minutes later Crowley was escorting the VIP to his meeting, Dean had gone with some other dancers and Benny was headed back to the bar. I hope the night doesn't end bloody, he thought. Dean's boyfriend was not going to like what had happened.
Dean chuckled. "He has tickets to the ballet," he said, like that explained everything. Luckily Benny knew Cas enough that it did.
When they got to the cave entrance again, Cas stripped and transformed. Dean gathered up his clothes, climbed on his back and hung on for dear life.
Gabe was happy when he opened the door to his house and smelled dinner. For all that people thought of omegas as housemakers, Castiel was the cook in their family. Gabe did some baking, mostly cakes and cookies, but Castiel liked to spend his time making delicious meals. It calmed him and seemed to satisfy the primal instinct to feed his pack, in this case Gabe. Gabe was happy to help by buying his brother new cookbooks every birthday and christmas.
I hope everyone is doing well and that life isn't too overwhelming right now. There was this feeling like 2020 was coming to an end and everything would get better but life doesn't work that fast sometimes. Hang in there, stay safe, I love you all.
Dean had just grabbed himself another beer when he heard the sounds of wings and saw Cas carrying someone over his shoulder. Dean rushed to the other room where Sam, and everyone else was already. Cas dropped the person onto a couch and Dean had to just stare.
Castiel glowered at him but Dean just rolled his eyes. Then Dean got serious. “I think you are forgetting who I am.”
"No," Castiel answered, "but he has demons harvesting the souls of his victims and bringing them to him."
Cas smiled. This must be the new nurse Gabe had told him about. "I'm Castiel, and yes it is. The BBQ is around back. Gabe isn't here yet but I do believe Meg Masters is."
It was on one of these walks that Cas found what he was looking for. They've been walking just along the edge of town where the forest abruptly met a cliff face. Dean and Sam had been chatting and hadn't noticed when Cas stopped. When they did, they backtracked to find Cas staring intensely at the cliff face.
He felt wide awake and restless. Quietly he gathered up some clothes and slipped into the bathroom to get dressed. Then he grabbed his wallet, shoes and room key before slipping out of the room.
Normally when Castiel and Dean play together outside of school it was at the park or at Dean's house. Dean's house was actually the home of a dwarf named Bobby and it was so cool! There were lots of cool and shiny things around. Bobby even let Castiel take home some shiny things to add to his horde. Castiel liked Bobby.
Jo shrugged. “I don't know. But he's been here an hour, drinking the strongest stuff we got and doesn't seem to touch him at all. Not a slur in sight.”
Cas felt conflicted. On the one hand he was happy for an excuse to keep seeing Dean, but on the other hand he would prefer it didn't come at the expense of his house. He stared around at the destruction in his house glumly.
Normally Castiel would correct anyone who said his name wrong or tried to shorten it. He hated being called Cassie but when Dean called him Cas it seemed right. It gave him that warm bubbly feeling again.
“Where was the last cluster?” Dean asked. Castiel always admired how quickly he switched to the job on hand.
Sam wanted back in but Dean was still hurting. It was incredibly hard for him to have Sam waltz in and out of his life. He suggested that they just stay apart and try to stay hidden. Sam protested but Dean didn't have the energy for it and hung up on him.
He wanted to yell, cry, and hit something, but he did none of those things. He looked around at the group of friends, some of them just Jess and Sam's but some of them his, and saw that a few of them had realized what was happening. One, a nurse from the hospital Dean thought, was trying to distract Jess and get her to change the subject. Another, a nurse named Gilda, was recording it. Dean thought briefly about smashing her phone but knew it would solve nothing.
He checked the eggs before heading back to the house to make dinner. He could leave them for an hour or so without worrying too much but he try not to leave them longer than that. If he had to go anywhere longer then Sam watched over them for him. He could use a spell to give himself temporary immunity to fire but it normally wore off pretty quick.
Dean looked around. Sitting in a chair was a familiar, gruff face. "Bobby?" Dean asked, confused. Why was Bobby here? Why was Sammy here? Where the hell even was here? Dean looked around and realized it must be a hospital. Then he realized it felt mighty breezy down under. He lifted up the covers and saw he was wearing some kind of dress or something.
Gas had gone still as soon as Cole uttered the f word. Behind Cole Balthazar and Gabriel exchanged looks. Cas was pretty sure he saw Gabe mouth 'oh no he didn't.' Cole didn't seem to notice any of this and had continued to talk about the club's bad service.
Dean and Sam reluctantly nodded and Ellen led Adam away. Dean took a long drag from the beer he had forgotten he was holding. “What the hell, Sam.”
The night Dean spent with his two alphas was a turning point in their relationship and courtship. Sam would tease Dean about it but had also told Dean, in a moment of sincerity, how happy he was for his brother. The angels weren't around all the time, they both had their own things going on but at least twice a week they came by to spend time with Dean. Sometimes it was just the three of them, but sometimes they would also hang out with Sam and/or Bobby. Dean liked it when they were all together. Cas and Lucifer would tell them stories of the world being created and other amazing things they had seen and Dean would watch the wonder on Sam and Bobby's faces.
Meg snorted. “He probably just wants to know how much this hospital visit will cost him and if he will be charged with omega neglect.”
Meg stayed behind but Gabe, Sam, and Cas all walked with Dean out of the feral ward. As they walked Dean noticed that Gabe’s scent was filled with something like wonder. It made Dean realize that, for all he was amazed by his own recovery and coming out of feral, it must be even more significant for Gabe. It showed that there was hope to treat other feral cases. Dean walked back to where Gabe had stopped just outside the ward. He enveloped the smaller omega in a hug.
After a minute or two he realized there was another scent in the room. He raised his head to sniff the air. He heard voices around him then the other side of the bed dipped and the familiar scent got closer. It smelled like old books and reminded Dean of childish happiness. He started purring again as a voice spoke to him.
As they waited Dean could feel Sam’s mix of emotions through their mark. Like he had so many times before Dean put a hand over the mark and thought calm soothing thoughts. He could see Sam relax a bit and he turned to smile at him.
She glared at him but nodded. Dean walked over, took Cas’s hand and led him to the kitchen. He put on a kettle then while they waited for it to boil sat down at the table across from Cas.
He stripped and climbed into the shower. He kept his shower short, just long enough to come out feeling clean. Then he stepped out in front of the mirror to see if he had gained a mark.
Cas felt Dean’s hand on his shoulder and heard Dean whisper “I’m ok alpha.” Cas stopped growling and Dean said to his dad “go.”
"I'm so sorry, Cas," Charlie kept repeating as she surveyed the damage. "I had no idea that would happen. I'm so sorry."
Anna latched on to this like the only plank from a sinking ship and turned to start teasing Cas about chickening out again. Cas responded to her teasing in his usual deadpan manner but Dean could see that he was still trying to figure out Anna’s comments from before. Dean hoped that he would forget it soon. Cas could obsess about things like that and might end up with the right conclusion, at which case Dean and their friendship would be screwed.
Dean shook his head. How had he ended up with two smarty pants for soul mates? He was just happy that they got along. He had always been worried how it would go having two soulmates, no matter how Bobby had tried to reassure him. Now he felt like everything would work out.
There was the sighing sound again, more rustling of paper, then Cas said, "is 6:30 alright? The play doesn't start until 8:30. We could get dinner before?"
After the picture Dean took Castiel aside again to finish their discussion. "So do I need to be worried about what Crowley said?" He asked somewhat cryptically, the others were within ear shot.
Quickly after that everyone left. Cas promised both Gabe and Sam that they would have dinner soon and talk about what happened before ushering them out. Kate and Adam were nervous to say goodbye but Cas reassured them that nothing that had happened was their fault and slipped Kate his business card with his cell number on the back in case she wanted to get in touch with any of them.
Crowley came up to the bar and Benny slid over a tumbler of scotch. Crowley was British and his accent made the disdain he often put in his tone even more obvious. But Benny knew he was really a big softy. He would do anything to protect his dancers and had a particular soft spot for Dean.
Damn angels, Dean thought. Sam was staring at him expectantly so Dean relented. “I told Cas that I was worried that Lucifer was planning on ignoring me till my heat.” Dean could feel himself blush as he spoke. “Cas promised to have a talk with him.”
Dreams of fire had come before they'd been chased out of several towns over the years (only one or two of those were Dean's fault), before Sam was accepted to apprentice under the wizard Gabriel, and before their dad had walked out the door and never come back. It wasn't always good, wasn't always bad, but it was always change.
Cas smiled. They had talked about it the night before and Dean had understood why Cas had to go. But he didn’t like it.
"Chuck, the prophet, didn't have many details but he said that if Dean gets mated it should stop the apocalypse."
“I’ll see you soon,” Dean said as Lucifer wrapped his arms around him. A moment later Lucifer flew them to their nest.
It was through Bobby that Dean learned that there were two types of soul mates; romantic and platonic. His parents were a prime example of the first type. Surprisingly Bobby was actually an example of the second type. He had a platonic soulmate named Rufus. The two men didn't spend all their time together, sometimes going months between visits. But when you saw them together they were like two halves of a whole. Bobby had once described it as a deep love and trust in the other person without any messy romantic stuff. He knew that if he ever needed Rufus, Rufus would be there as soon as possible, ready to fight whatever needed fighting. And it went both ways. Personally Dean thought he would prefer a platonic soulmate over a romantic one any time.
Then Castiel heard Zachariah boast that he had laid a trap to get the brothers to come to him, and that Dean would agree to be Michael's vessel one way or another.
"Either. Both. I know he feels attracted to me. And we have been scent bonded since we first met. But without a third, I'm not sure it will work." Castiel felt his wings twitch with his agitation. Next he would start pacing like Dean.
After future him left, Dean escaped and had a look around the camp. Chuck was there, still as squirrelly as ever. He was dirty, twitchy and there was something else wrong that Dean just couldn’t put his finger on. Dean did not like this at all. He asked Chuck if Cas was around.
He kept dinner simple; meat, potatoes, and vegetables for Sam. Normally when he had time he'd make some pretty fancy food but lately it had been about the quick and easy. As he made dinner he also put together a soup he could hang over the fire until tomorrow's dinner. A simple but tasty meal.
A few hours later Dean got a call that there was another couple dead, this time a murder suicide. They decided to head back to the coroner’s. It was late or maybe early so there was almost no one around. They did see one man in a suit carrying a briefcase. Sam got an odd look on his face when he saw them man but when Dean asked if anything was wrong Sam denied it.
"Jerk," Sam said in response. Dean could hear the smile in his voice. "Pretty sure you called me just to have this chick flick moment."
Dean realised that Michael didn’t know the backup plan to end the apocalypse. Micheal was still trying to convince Dean to be his vessel for a fight. Dean felt it was best if he didn’t mention the fact that soon Michael would be banned from his body.
Dean needed a break. An hour or two of alone time. But every moment of every day he was surrounded by people. He was slowly going crazy.
Cas chuckled. Dean turned his bright green eyes to him and Cas found himself caught in his gaze. It took him a moment or two but he finally got his voice back and said, "yes. I made one for you as a thank you for all your hard work."
Dean and Sam dragged Bobby to a hospital then Dean made them leave to go after the sword. They got to the storage unit it was in and found dead demons and alive angels.
Gentle hands flipped him over onto his back and Dean lifted his hands to cover his face. Slowly but firmly those were pulled down. Dean kept his eyes tightly shut as he sobbed. He was gathered up so that he was pressed tightly between the two alphas and he felt soft kisses on his face.
She blinked at him blurrily when he put the tray on his coffee table but sat up to take the coffee he handed her. After a couple sips she was awake enough to notice the rest of the food. She dug in and groaned with appreciation. Dean went to grab his own food and coffee then joined her.
They talked for at least an hour as they ate, with discussions ranging from the future of the babies to Cas’s opinion on the length of Sam's hair (he didn't care, he just wanted Sam to be happy). Dean laughed a lot. Cas had a subtle, dry humor that was hard to pick up on at first. Dean loved it.
He checked in on Dean briefly but he was still asleep. Sam was cuddled in and drifting off to sleep.
The drive wasn't long. Dean kept his spirits up by singing loudly along with his music. Sam tried to change the tape at one point but Dean reminded him, " Driver picks the music, shotgun shuts his cakehole." Sam glared at him but kept quiet.
Gabe was walking towards the locker room before heading home when he heard a yell behind him. “Dr. Novak, Dr. Novak.”
As they climbed into the car John casually mentioned “I have some errands I need to do today so I am going to drop you both off then come back later.”
They spend their evening chatting and coming up with plans for what to do if the dragons hatch before Gabe found a dragon to take them.
"They didn't say no." Cas wasn’t looking at Dean, instead focusing on the pond in the middle of the park. The moon hit it in a way that it illuminated the whole area.
“You going to kill me fucking?” Dean asked, deliberately confusing his words. “I don't think you could if you tried.”
The man looked up like he had just noticed Dean's presence. He seemed to sniff the air and he tilted his head as he regarded Dean. “What was it you asked me?”The man's voice was low, lower than Dean would have expected.
Lucifer thanked him then flew back to the bed Dean and Castiel were sharing. Castiel lifted his wings so that Lucifer would join them. He slipped in and breathed deeply the relaxing scent of his mates. He could smell his own scent become calmer as he lay there.
Elizabeth nodded and Sam gave a sigh of relief. He fast forward to a point where Castiel was talking again. "This is at the end of the interview. Castiel admitted that he had been watching Dean and that might be why Gabriel trapped him in the maze. He then seemed to realize what he had said and refused to say another word. Dean tried for a couple more minutes then declared the interview over."
Dean closed his eyes. He didn’t want to see the expression on Cas’s face. He couldn’t handle it, whether it was anger, amusement, sympathy or worst yet, disgust.
Dean looked thoughtful and not as upset as Cas would have expected. Then again Dean had been seeing a therapist for years to get over what his dad had put him through.
Dean knew his face was bright red. Sam also seemed to be suffering secondhand embarrassment on his behalf.
One of the walls was on fire with huge holes from the fireballs he had avoided. His couch was a pile of wood, cushions and flames. All his art seemed to have been hit. And the one window in the room was broken.
Dean and Sam arrived back at Bobby’s place via angel express. He was getting a bit more used to traveling that way but Dean still preferred his car. He gave an idle thought to the fact Lucifer had yet to go for a ride in his baby. That was something to look forward to.
Shepherd shook his head as he yawned again and Elizabeth thought he meant that no, they didn’t have an idea where the man went but when he could talk again he said, “no. We figured that out at least.”
Cas looked at him then said seriously, "We'll tell the officer that he witnessed an angel of the Lord. Then the officer will tell us where the angel is."
He crept through the house as quietly as he could. Part of this was so Sam could get  his sleep and part of it was Dean not having the energy to explain to Sam everything that happened. That could wait for tomorrow. Luck was on his side. He managed to get the blankets and leave the house without seeing Sam.
He watched as Cas’s eyes darkened. The room started to fill with the scent of aroused alpha but Cas made no move towards him, instead waiting for Dean to make the first move. It was very sexy and empowering for Dean to watch Cas hold himself back. His alpha wasn’t like any alpha Dean had ever met.
About an hour before they had to meet Micheal, Castiel woke Dean up. Lucifer was ready with a cup of coffee even as his eyes opened. Dean took it gratefully and drank it all down before leaving the nest to shower and get ready. He emerged with less than ten minutes to spare. Castiel immediately grabbed him and flew them to the meeting spot. Lucifer followed close behind.
“Yes,” Castiel acknowledged, “I didn’t understand why he suddenly decided to bring up events that happened in my infancy.”
Cas’s eyes darkened and his breath quickened. He was watching intensely as Dean worked himself open. Dean could see all of Cas from this angle. His long, thick cock was full and hard and leaking precum. Dean licked his lips. He wanted to get his mouth on that sometime.
Dean couldn't believe it and yet he did. Cas was a good, clueless guy. He probably had no idea what Dean was doing or what it meant.
They entered the ruins with no problems and started looking for clues. It was approaching the automatic cut off for the gate so Elizabeth reminded them that Atlantis would be dialing up the gate again in two hours and if they found the missing team before that to contact them immediately. Then the gate shut down.
Dean explained “I figure none of this would have happened if Lucy had just answered either mine or Cas’s calls.”
"You're out of food," Ellen stated. "Plus Dean needs it." She gave a significant look to the banners still hanging on the wall.
The weather was really nice this week but turned cold wet and windy just in time for a three day weekend. Ah well, C'est la vie (which is about how much French I know).
He managed to pull his eyes away when Dean sat back on his heels and looked over at him. He was sure his face was bright red but Dean either didn't notice or was polite enough not to say anything as he said, "Well, there is a lot of damage. If you just want it fixed quick and cheap I can have it done in a couple days. But if you quality it's going to take me a couple weeks, maybe a month."
“You better come home unhurt or I will go out there and tear a piece off of everyone, including you,” Dean threatened his face buried in Cas’s shirt.
She was cute, petite and blond. A quick inhale revealed that she was an omega. Her stance and tone, though, made her seem like not someone to be messed with.
"Rise and shine, Sammy" Dean coaxed. Sam opened an eye to glare at him and Dean waved the coffee under his nose. Sam groaned but stuck a hand out to take the coffee.
Gabe was back at the ward and chatting with Meg, catching up on the latest hospital gossip, when Castiel came in. He walked straight into Dean’s room and into his omega’s arms, not acknowledging anyone else. Gabe followed him in partly just to spy on them and partly to make sure they didn’t go into a mating frenzy or anything. But what he saw was just sweet. They were scenting each other and Castiel kept whispering how much he had missed his omega. Finally Castiel led Dean back to the bed where they cuddled and Dean fell asleep while purring.
Dean couldn’t answer if he wanted to but he didn’t need to. Cas saw the answer in his eyes. He gave Dean a reassuring smile then asked “how long?”
Dean was laughing at Bobby’s story of his friend Rufus getting him one of those Harlequin Romance novel subscriptions as a prank and how he had gotten new romance novels every month for a year, when he noticed that Gabe was back. Dean’s laugh faded as he saw that beside Gabe was handsomest man Dean had ever seen. He had bright blue eyes that seemed to look right into Dean’s soul and his scent was… mate.
When they were finally alone again Dean walked around surveying the damage. "It's not too bad," he reassured Cas. "Maybe a day or so of work."
Mark grinned at the news. Gabe was sure if he wasn’t covered in scent blockers his scent would reflect joy and relief. “I also heard a rumour that your brother was courting the omega,” Mark said casually.
Castiel was pretty sure he knew what Dean was talking about but just in case he said, "okay, you first."
"I've been talking at him," Sam stated. "He never answers. We don't even know what language he speaks."
Lucifer gave him a questioning look and Castiel explained, “He would pout if he found out he missed out.”
“What a bitch!” Charlie exclaimed. She was mid rant on all the ways Jess had screwed up. She had shown up about an hour before with chips, beer, and the Firefly series (plus the movie Serenity). She had given him a hug as soon as she entered then demanded he tell her everything. Dean had anticipated this and had written it all up for her including his conversations with both Sam and Cas. She had read it then started fuming.
Elizabeth watched as they waited for the gate to be dialed up. A man she recognized as Sam's older brother Dean went over to the group. He seemed to be arguing with Sam but, judging from the rest of the group's reaction, it didn't seem very heated. Sam kept shaking his head at something but finally gave in. With a defeated slump to his shoulders he turned around so Dean could put something into his backpack. The rest of his team were laughing. As the gate was activated and the team started to depart the brothers shared a brief hug before Sam stepped through the event horizon. Soon after that Dean left.
“So the angel who got cast out of heaven for loving humans too little and the angel who got cast out for loving humans too much both ended up courting a human.” Lucifer summed up.
Dean felt that he could die from embarrassment. Not only had he gone off at the thought of his friend but Cas had caught him in the act, moaning his name. The cold spunk on his stomach only added to his shame; physical proof of what he had done. He couldn't look at Cas.
When he finally left the bathroom Sam was fully dressed. He was grinning like he had a secret. Dean smiled back but just asked " where do you want to go for breakfast?"
Sam and Dean stared at him but it was Cas who explained. "Yes Death is a horseman but he is also a constant and inevitable. You can defeat War, Famine, and Pestilence but Death always has and always will remain."
He paused again and Dean felt his heart sink. He was pretty sure this was the part where Cas told him that they were through. That they couldn’t even be friends anymore.
“Dude, last time we went up against a horseman we had to call in Lucifer and Cas had to put us both out. I figured I'd cut out the middle man. They go deal with Pesty and we get not even a sniffle.” Dean said. He turned to Castiel. “Time to call in the cavalry.” When Castiel just stared at him, not understanding the reference or why they needed horses, Dean rolled his eyes. “Lucifer, Cas. Call Lucifer.”
Dean threw himself into hunting. The next job he and Sam went on started out well then they both went actually crazy. He hadn't thought to call Cas when it was happening. He had been too busy going crazy. Instead he and Sam had managed to kill the monster on their own.
Dean woke up more rested than he could remember. He rolled on to his side then sat up abruptly. Cas was sitting in a chair watching him. "What the hell!" He shouted. "What are you doing?"
Dean gave Sam a look. Everyone knew that you could tell what kind of soulmate you had until you met them. Sometimes you could guess, like with his parents translating to "a love never lost" but Dean had heard stories of people having super romantic seeming marks and it just ended up that they liked the same romance writer or something. Some people were so sure their soulmate was a romantic one that they rejected any other romantic partner only to find out it was platonic. They had missed out on good relationships because they had guessed.
She wasn’t convinced and there was nothing they could do to reassure her that they were ok with it and that it would be the best thing for her. When Dean told her again to leave John she told them she couldn’t and revealed she was already pregnant with Dean.
Dean laughed and said “Aw man, Cas, you mean to say you didn’t take the opportunity to find out dirt on me?”
He sighed, this time out loud, and cast a quick spell to put out the fires. Then he pulled his phone out of his pocket and called a number he had memorized (due to several phones having made untimely deaths Castiel memorized all his important numbers).
That reminded him that the eggs were probably due for another herb bundle and some turning. Plus he should check how the iron he was heating for knives was doing. He made sure Sam's back was turned when he pulled the herbs out of their hiding spot. He was about to throw them in when he had a thought. He walked over to Cas and held out the bundle.
The next crack he heard had him dropping the cloth into the bucket of water and rushing over to the forge. Dean looked in to see the eggs moving. a large crack formed on one right in front of his eyes. Dean didn't want to miss anything. It was when one of the eggs broke open enough that Dean could almost see inside that Dean remembered that Cas, Sam, and Gabe would want to see this.
"Well, Teyla is just wrapping up the negotiations. With the hike back to the gate we'll be half hour, hour tops," he informed her.
Dean reminded himself that Sam was under a lot of stress and didn't snap back. "Hey Sammy. I was sitting at home having a quiet morning when suddenly my heart started racing. After checking myself for signs of a heart attack I realized it's not me, it's you. How's your morning going?" Dean deliberately kept his voice light and teasing. He wasn't upset with Sam, he was just worried.
"Sam and Bobby are deeply asleep. They can't hear anything," Cas told him, correctly interpreting his expression.
Dean could actually feel Sam's discomfort through his soulmate mark. They had figured out years ago that they could sometimes feel each other's strong emotions through their marks. Touching the mark made it clearer. They could also send back emotions by touching their marks and thinking of what they wanted the other person to feel. Dean got something similar from his other mark. He had experimented with sending emotions to his soulmate. He wasn't sure it reached them, though. He hoped so.
Castiel softly bit over his mating mark causing Dean to moan then asked, “Please what, Dean? What would you like us to do?”
“I don’t care how drunk you are, you don’t do that to people! That’s how people get beat up and die! I mean, Cas would never do that, but some men don’t react well to other men liking them.”
Dean couldn't help the warm fuzzy feeling he got when Cas referred to their future home as “our house”. It made him feel like he might have a real chance with the dragon.
“May I see?” Cas asked as he stood up. When he stood the blankets covering him fell away and Dean was reminded that Cas was naked. And hot. And naked.
Dean took his hand in a firm grip and shook it. “Just a couple tips, Cas; if you don't want hunters or anyone after you you’ve got to act more human. Handshakes, not referring to people as humans, acting like alcohol affects you, little things.”
Jess told him all about meeting Jo and Ellen. She seemed impressed by them. Gabe was happy to hear that. He liked those two.  She also told him what Jo and Ellen had to say about Dean going feral. It tracked with what Mark and Castiel had told him. Eventually she went back to keep Sam company, even if he was asleep.
For the moment Castiel was alone. He put another soft blanket on the nest and stood back to admire his handiwork. He was sure Dean would be comfortable there.
Two weeks ago Dean would have (and had) argued against taking Cas's car but he wasn't going to ruin their reconciliation over something so small. If they went back to normal Dean would have lots of opportunities to show off Baby's superiority. So he just replied, "ok, what time should I be ready?"
Dean missed the nest. He thought longingly to the large bed and realized all he wanted was a nap. But no, they had the end of the world to deal with. He could nap later.
Sam thought about it for a moment. Finally he said “Pie. Get him a piece of apple pie and he will be your friend for life.”
Seeing everyone waiting for him he looked down at his hospital gown and asked "So what does it take to get real clothes around here." Then he remembered something very important. He turned to Sammy and asked frantically, "Baby! Where's Baby?"
Sam did. As he waxed poetic about the shape and placement of the mark, Dean fought a smile. Sam was so excited about his soulmate, Dean just hoped he wasn't disappointed when he found out it was him.
He stood there soaking up the heat of the fire as he waited for the water to boil. When the water was ready he poured it into a large teapot. It might have been the rich scent of spices or the noise he made making the tea but as he was about to pour himself a cup he heard the shuffling steps of his brother behind him. He grabbed another cup and poured Sam some tea, adding a spoonful of honey and a bit of cream. Once it was ready he turned and handed it to his brother.
Dean’s face stayed neutral but his eyes went cold and Elizabeth suddenly thought she might be in danger. But Dean just nodded and left without a word. She let out a breath she hadn't even realized she had been holding. She found herself wishing Shepard was back at Atlantis but was reluctant to call him back unless she truly needed him.
"What then Sam? I just go up and say 'I really like you and think we'd make cute babies but the world is ending and we are probably going to die.' And what if he doesn't want me back? I don't have time to go through rejection." Dean shouted at Sam.
Dean sat back down. "You talk to Gabe?" He tried to make his voice casual. "Figure out a plan for tomorrow?"
Sam put down the letter. He and Dean stared at each other a moment before turning their eyes to the pouch in Dean’s hand. Dean slowly opened it. Green and gold flame shot out and Sam instinctively leaned back. Dean, on the other hand, reached through the flames and pulled out one of the eggs.
“Cassie hasn’t gone feral, you wanker,” Cas heard Balthazar state, his words dripping with disdain, in the way only the British could do. “He’s an alpha protecting his pregnant omega, who was attacked in front of witnesses, I would remind you.”
“Shut up.” the man holding the gun on him didn’t seem impressed. “Hands where I can see them.” he demanded.
"Of course I would. Cas too. There's really nothing keeping us here. To me home is where the soulmate is." Dean said. He didn't see the issue. He had lived everywhere in the states. To him home was his brother and now Cas. A city and a house were just bonuses.
Mark’s partner, who’s name Gabe had never caught, gave him a wave and headed towards their ambulance. Mark walked over to Gabe. “Well, I’m doing good but we got another feral today.”
Sam just watched with a slightly amused expression and Dean told them that they were going to take on heaven and hell and win.
“Uh Dean, what are you looking for?” Sammy whispered. Dean noticed for the first time since he woke up that he was cuddled in Sammy’s arms again
He was escorted back to the bar by another supermodel-want-to-be with a strange name who left to find Crowley. When he returned he was followed by the same girl who’d brought them drinks during their meeting. She was pretty, with a heart shaped face and brown curly hair. But Cole was mostly staring at her tits. They were being held up and barely concealed by a red sparkly bra, which matched her panties. She smiled at him and led him to a private booth. Soon they were drinking, the girl was dancing for him and she’d even lost the bra. Cole was feeling pretty good.
They sat in shocked silence for a couple minutes before Dean stood up and made his way to the fire. “I need more tea and some food. Then we can figure it out.”
Gabriel smiled up at him. "It's good to see you too." He looked around the empty campground. "So Castiel told me that he's bringing an omega here for you to meet. Does this mean you are giving up on the apocalypse?" He said it casually but Lucifer knew he was serious and worried.
So yesterday I had an awesome day going to thrift shops. I managed to find more dvds for my collection (I now have over 800). But one of the things I found was the second season of Lost Girl. If you haven't watched it before I highly recommend it. It is about a bisexual succubus who didn't know what she was and is now trying to navigate the world of the Fae. Sometimes when I see those lists of tv shows with good LGBTQ2+ representation I roll my eyes that it's not on there. And if nothing else, everyone is nice to look at.
Finished Dean walked over to where Cas was sitting reading a book. He set it aside when Dean got close and opened his arms. Dean took the invitation for what it was and slid into Cas’s lap. Cas grabbed some wet wipes and started cleaning the blood off of Dean’s skin. Dean closed his eyes and let his boyfriend dote on him.
Between the scent of scared omega, blood, and alphas, Dean was in a state of agitated aggression. He was vaguely aware that people were leaving the Roadhouse but as long as they stayed away he was fine. The omega behind him was trying to push past him, saying words Dean couldn't comprehend.
“Sammy!” he shouted in delight. It was loud and he saw Sammy flinch. He felt bad and tried to make up for it by giving him a big hug.
Elizabeth watched on the video screen as Dean went in and sat down. She understood what Shepherd was trying to do, she just did know how this man was going to communicate with someone who spoke ancient.
I am very happy that this whole story is prewritten because I have some serious writer's block going on right now. I'm writing about a sentence every couple days. Hopefully I get past it soon. In some ways the problem is that I have too many stories in my head right now. So instead of writing one story I'm trying to write 5. It's not going great.
I really needed this vacation. I had it planned for the last month or more but I almost didn't go because my dad is still in a wheelchair and now my mom has a broken arm. Luckily my sister was super supportive of me going and will look out for our parents. So here I am. My plan is to go to the museum today and do some other touristy things. Then I am meeting a friend for dinner. Its all very exciting.
Cas’s eyes started to glow. He moved one hand from its place on Dean's hip to his left shoulder. “Mine!” he growled.
She listened as the communications officer tried to hail the team. There was no response. She listened as they tried several times. After the third try she left the office. As she made her way over to the control center she noticed Dean Winchester standing off to the side.
Dean had this feeling in his gut like something big was about to happen. It was weird because realistically lots of big things were constantly going down, it being the end of the world and all.
Dean found that hard to believe. He personally thought it was more likely that Cas hadn't noticed people trying to get him into bed with them. That was okay, their loss was his gain.
Dean was sad to see him go but Cas promised to come back that evening and left Dean with a kiss to his cheek. Sappy alpha.
Dean nodded. Cas was going to a small town a couple hours away to help track down a feral they were having trouble with. The police weren’t sure if it was an alpha or omega; their whole department was staffed with betas. So they had put in a request to the nearest police department with an alpha on staff for assistance. Cas had been cleared to go.
Bobby let out a breath and tension that Dean hadn’t even noticed he had seemed to leave him. “It’s over then? Really over?” he asked quietly.
That done, he stepped onto the nest and made his way to the middle. He carefully lay down. flames licked over his body, the moss was soft and comfortable under him. It was kind of perfect, though Dean wasn't sure how he would sleep without the weight of blankets on him. He was warm enough but it was a comfort thing. He said as much to Cas.
Luckily Sam was able to head off the panic attack by joking with his brother and calling him princess. It was good to see the brothers interact and Dean noticeably relaxed as they joked about.
Dean had agreed and that was how he had found his way to Dr Tess Reaper’s office. In that first session they had talked about Dean going feral and touched on his childhood a bit. By the time Dean had left he felt like he had been run over by Baby. He made it back to the roadhouse, went straight to his room and huddled in the nest of blankets he made himself. Sammy climbed in beside him. The cuddles made him feel better.
I hope people are enjoying this story. I know it is not very fast moving at all so thank you for sticking with it.
Dean gave him a quick thanks before turning to his pie. He slowly took a forkful from the middle of the pie. After taking a bite, he let out a nearly pornographic moan.
"Me choosing to display my mark after getting consent from the class to do so is in no way equivalent to you attacking another student and trying to tear his clothes off. The fact you see no difference concerns me on many levels," Dr Novak replied his voice cold. "Now I do believe I told you to leave." He turned his back on Becky and walked back to the front of the class.
He heard a chuckle behind him. “You are going to make him deaf, shouting in his ear like that. You idjit."
Dean asked where the order came from and the cupid mentioned that it was from heaven. When Dean was skeptical the cupid clarified that it was normally to ensure certain bloodline and destines like their own.
Dean rolled his eyes and looked back to see how his mates were reacting. Cas had a smile on his face, he was probably happy to see the congratulations, and Lucifer was laughing his ass off. He turned back to the room. Sam handed him a beer and Dean lifted it in acknowledgement.
Sam nodded and put the radio in his pocket. "Follow me," he said to John and started walking quickly down the corridor. John shrugged and followed.
For all that it was three guys living together, it wasn't very dirty. Dean and Sam had grown up moving around so much they knew keeping your stuff neat and put away meant you didn't lose it. Cas was just a neat person. Dean sometimes joked that if cleanliness was next to godliness then Cas was an angel. Of course anytime he could refer to Cas as an angel he did. Between the wings for a soulmate mark and his name Castiel meaning angel of Thursday, angel just seemed appropriate.
Dean paused, it was a sore spot, then just said "Me and Sam are taking separate vacations for a while." Then he changed the subject, asking if Cas had found God yet. Cas said no then asked for Deans help finding an archangel.
Bobby caught on immediately. "Balls!" He exclaimed, then he looked at Castiel. "Is this going to cause Dean problems tomorrow?"
Dean pulled the phone away from his ear to stare at the screen in disbelief. Then he quickly put it back so he wouldn't miss anything Cas was saying. Luckily he had missed nothing because Cas wasn't talking.
One of the things Sam was excited for was putting a face to the name. Somehow in all the months Dean hadn’t sent a single photo or put one up on social media. Sam had tried to find out if Cas had any kind of facebook or anything but even his research skills had turned up nothing.
“Gabriel, does your presence here mean that Micheal has come to a decision?” Cas asked from behind Dean.
In other news I was told my one year old cat is fat when I took her to the vet yesterday. I mean they didn't saying exactly like that. They just suggested I give her half the amount of food. Sigh.
He landed and saw Castiel standing next to Dean, a wing wrapped around their mate. It was a nice picture, the only thing that would make it better would be if he was part of it.
Dean walked her to the door and gave her a hug. She hugged him tight and told him that she would check in on him over then next week. Then Dean spoke for the first time in two days.
Cas stared at him in silence for a minute or two. Just when Dean was regretting asking, he said “I am looking for someone. I heard rumour he might be in the area. I have not found him yet and decided to try the human method of drinking myself stupid. It is not working.”
He patted Sam on the shoulder. “Go get yourself some dinner and relax for the night. Tomorrow will be another long day.”
The next couple days set up a routine. In the morning Gabe would come and check on Dean, sometimes with Cas before he had to go to work, then Dean would have breakfast. Some time after that Sam would show up. They spent hours catching up and/or watching movies and tv shows. Gabe would check in again sometime while Sam was there. Sam would leave around dinner time and that’s when Cas would show up. He always brought Dean dinner and they would talk for hours getting to know each other. Finally, with reluctance, Cas would leave and Dean would fall asleep ready for the next day to arrive.
Gabe nodded shrudly. He could smell the pining sickness in Dean’s scent but it wasn’t too bad. “Castiel had to go and escort the feral alpha to the new hospital but he will be here as soon as he can.”
Dean was tired. not the kind of tired a nap or even a good night sleep could fix. No, he was the exhausted to his soul type of tired.
I meant to post this earlier this week but I was having some weird computer issues. I fixed it by resetting my router so I have no idea what was going on.
It was about an hour later when Gabe got a text from his brother. It was just to let him know that Cassie was downstairs and fine. Gabe texted back that he was almost done and could give him a ride home. He got a thumbs up emoji in response.
Everyone, or at least all the humans grabbed pizza and beer. They chatted about anything but the next day. Dean listened as Adam told Sam and Jo what classes he had been taking before he died and the three of them started to plan how to get him back into school. Bobby and Ellen were talking about her plans for the future. She was thinking about setting up another roadhouse but wasn’t sure where. Dean was pretty sure Bobby was trying to convince her to keep it close by.
Sam nodded and backed up enough that Dean could get out of bed. He went back to his own bed and pulled out a book to read while he waited. Dean shook his head at his brother, grabbed some clean clothes from his duffle and made his way to the bathroom.
Dean made his way to his smithy. He added some fuel to his forge and stirred the coals to get the fire going again. It was a sluggish start and a bit cooler than he normally liked. That was fine though. Today he was working with silver.
Lucifer listened as Dean talked about calling in another alpha, not one even courting him, if Lucifer hadn’t agreed to help him. It made him realize how little Dean relied on him or looked to him for help. He was going to have to step up his game.
Meeting in the middle Dean lay the blanket on the ground to symbolize their nest. Cas took his hand and led him to sit down on the blanket. Once they were settled Cas offered Dean a fork and they both dug into the pie. With Dean helping out they made it through the pie quickly. Once they were done Cas set aside the pie plate and forks. They sat there on the blanket holding hands and staging into each other's eyes.
“What the hell!” He yelled. "What the hell is this?" He stepped closer, ready to get into Dean's face. "Did you set this up to ambush me?"
"Do you want to explain to me why I was attacked by a fire demon this morning and am now missing my front door?" Cas growled into his phone.
On a side note, I hope everyone is still enjoying this series. It has a special place in my heart as it was the first one I started writing. I hadn't written anything, besides a couple fairy tales for kids, in years and this is what got me back into it.
Finally Michael seemed to find his words. "I spoke to the prophet Chuck. He confirmed what you had said about another way to end the apocalypse through mating.”
Dean could handle anger but the sadness and disappointment in Cas’s voices was too much for him. He involuntarily gave a whimper. Cas went to him immediately and wrapped his arms around him as they sat on the bed. Dean buried his face into Cas’s neck, over his scent gland. He breathed deeply and felt himself start to calm down. He was vaguely aware of Cas whispering to him, calming words in some other language.
Cas loved watching Dean work. He was a true craftsman. Most people looked down on his kind of magic. It was too blue collar. People admired flashy magic, like Cas's. Cas on the other hand, was envious of Deans ability to carefully form wood together into functional art. Cas might be able to level mountains and raise storms but he couldn't light a single match.
There was no answer so Dean was more direct, “Gordon, can you tell me why the door to my smithy was blocked up? While it was on fire and I was inside?”
It had been cheap but fun. They used a bit of money to go on a honeymoon but they had been saving most of their money for the future. Now they had moved with Sam to Lawrence, Kansas, where both Sam and Dean had been born. Together they had bought a duplex with one side for Dean and Cas and the other for Sam and Jess.
"Yeah, dude needs to chill out. We all know he's going to do fine today." Dean said as he tried, and possibly failed, to send good relaxing vibes at his brother. "He's one of the smartest guys I know. How could they not want him."
John Shepherd was ready to shoot someone. In the 5 day since AR12 and AR6's mission the man they had brought back had escaped his room each night. The first night they hadn't realized it until he had walked up to the guard to be let back in. John had assumed the guard had fallen asleep on the job and after a reprimand sent him off to bed. The next night a different guard decided to check the room in the middle of the night and discovered that the room was empty. He sounded the alarm and John had directed security teams to search for him. They hadn't found anything and again the man just showed up, waiting to be let in. Even when John had convinced Elizabeth to put cameras in the room the man had escaped.
Dean felt his shoulders relax and a fond smile lit his face. This is why he had called Bobby. It was gruff, tough love that cut through the issues. "Thanks Bobby," he said quietly.
He had meant everything he had said. Sure Sam wasn’t perfect, and yes, he should have learned all of this years ago but he was making an effort now. That had to count for something. And Gabe could tell the brothers loved each other. That went a long way.
Walt seemed to consider what Dean had said but Roy grabbed his arm and pulled him towards the door. Sam went after them.
Dean had just taken a huge bit of waffles and took great pleasure making Sam wait for him to chew and swallow. Then he nodded.
Dean was halfway through his pie when Castiel spoke up, "Dean, if you would be willing, I would like to court you."
Lucifer leaned down to take Dean's mouth in a hard deep kiss. Dean moaned into it and Lucifer smiled. Dean was already squirming, looking for relief so Lucifer wasted no time. He knelt between Dean's legs and once Dean gave him a slight nod thrust right in. Dean was still loose and soft from taking Castiel's knot.
Cas nodded. Dean stared at him a moment. What he hadn't told Cas was that Gordon might kill him as soon as he stepped outside. He gave a brief thought of kissing Cas for luck or something but decided that if he did survive this, he didn't want to have forced himself on Cas. So instead he lay a gentle hand on Cas's cheek and stared into his eyes for a moment.
Sam seemed concerned that Dean wasn’t eating but Castiel wasn’t paying that much attention to it. He almost took a bite of the burger when he was distracted. He could feel the cupid’s presence. He mentioned it out loud but Sam commented That he couldn’t see anything and Castiel drew their attention to a couple that had started kissing.
It had been cute when Dean had started talking about his new roommate. Their phone conversations had been peppered with Cas this and Cas that. So it was no surprise to Sam when after a couple months Dean had announced that he and Cas were dating.
“Before we go over the syllabus together let me tell you a couple things about myself. I have my doctorate in anthropology with a focus on soulmates in culture and myth. This is my first year teaching so please go easy on me.” this got a couple chuckles from the crowd. He continued “I got into soulmate research when I was 16 and woke up with my own soulmate mark. You could say it had a profound impact on me. My identical twin brother does not have a soulmate. I have spent the last several years researching history and theories to explain it.“
Gabe pulled away a bit so he could look at him. “Apparently he was still vocal before he got into the fight that triggered him going feral.”
Gabriel slapped Michael on the back. “I’ll go with you back to heaven and let the troops know whats going on. Maybe we can make a plan together?”
He started slow, running his hands up and down his body, teasing his nipples, just warming up. Once he was properly in the mood, he moved his hands lower. He ignored his erection and reached past towards his ass. His hole was warm and soft from being in the water but Dean had learned not to rush things. Instead he rubbed the pad of his finger around the tight circle, dipping his finger in as he felt it loosen. He fingered himself dry for several minutes before withdrawing his hand. He opened the bottle of oil and poured some onto his hand.
A glance around the room revealed that his men clearly knew what was going on, and that Cole didn't. Gabe was grinning but Balthazar looked like he would murder Cole if Cas didn't. Balth and Dean didn't always get along but they shared respect and had each other's backs. Cas thought about it. He didn't really need Cole, he needed the information he had. If Cole repented he would be able to keep his life on a probationary basis. If not, well, there were ways to get the information Cas needed.
Gabe swore. He saw Castiel and Jess seemed to share his horror. Sam seemed confused, like with everything else to do with his brother.
“Yeah, he did.” Gabe told him. “In fact he was supposed to be released in the next day or two. Of course now he will have to wait. Can’t have him moving about when the alpha’s there.”
Dean grinned and launched into his tale. For some reason he knew Cas wouldn't care that Dean's ex was a man so Dean gave him the true tale and not the fiction he normally shared. Cas seemed confused by the idea that loving another man would cause Dean to be driven out of town.
Cas was on the phone but as soon as he hung up he started rubbing Dean’s knee to wake him up. “Come on, sleepyhead,” Cas said gently. “Let’s go home and get you cleaned up.”
Bobby’s face filled with understanding and they all watched as he catiously moved one foot then the other before standing up. Dean went right to him to give him a hug. Lucifer could hear Bobby whispering thank you repeatedly to him. Sam also joined the hug.
“That’s why I wanted to work here,” She told him. “What Gabe did to help that omega recover and come out of his feral state was truly amazing and inspiring. I want to help other ferals the same way.”
I was feeling slightly off earlier this week, headaches, being extra tired, stuff like that. Then I remembered that I get pretty mild hay fever that mostly presents as a headache. Seriously allergy meds are awesome! I feel so much better.
“Oh and over there is our brother Castiel,” Gabriel continued as if he hadn’t heard him. “He’s not an archangel, per say, but he’s got some mighty mojo going on.” Gabriel went over to Adam and in a carrying whisper said “I’m actually kinda jealous.”
"Castiel," Castiel's daddy said in a friendly voice. "Why don't you show Dean around before you go play? We will call you both down when it's dinner time."
“Seriously!!” Dean yelled from the floor. “I’m going to kill your brother. I thought he had called off the hit!”
Dean sauntered over to where Sam was standing. Sam was overseeing the construction while Dean sat back and took care of the babies. Right now they were lying on a blanket in the shade under the watchful eye of Charlie.
Cas took over the tea making when the kettle finished boiling. He made cups for both himself and Dean then carried both of them to the living room. Dean followed him, made himself comfortable on his couch and took a sip of the tea Cas had handed him.
This really didn’t play with the Cas Dean knew. He was going to have to talk to Cas, clear this up. In the meantime he asked Anna if she was alright. She said she had just broken out of prison and asked him to meet her. She gave him an address and asked him to hurry.
Dean quickly forgot Cas was there and worked as if he was alone. When it was time for him to put the iron in the forge to heat it up before working it, he didn't even think twice before reaching in and moving the eggs out of the way. He got everything situated and turned to see Cas staring at him, his head tilted with confusion. Dean realized what he had seen and blush red.
Castiel looked at Dean but made his voice loud enough that they could all hear him. "I negotiated with him."
Dean’s instincts to protect his first pup, as he sometimes still thought of Sam as, made him move between the two betas. Cas hadn’t been expecting that but he really should have. Dean would always protect Sam, even if his ‘little’ brother was several inches taller than him.
John looked outraged by that but, after a look around again, backed down. “Fine,” he grumbled. He turned to Kate and Adam, “let’s go.”
He paused then looked at Sam. “What do you think our lives are going to be like after my mating? Are we still going to hunt? Will they even let me?”
Just a short chapter! A few people guessed the names, either all of them or most of them (looking at you Iceman12, Skrsq, and Darmys). Hope you enjoy!
Raphael turned to Castiel and said "It is a testament to my unending mercy that I don't smite you here and now."
"Nothing?" She asked the communications officer, a little rhetorically. He shook his head and Elizabeth sighed. "Ok, they might just be in an area blocking radio waves. We are going to give them another hour then check in again. When we do I want AR6 on standby. If we don't get a response we will send them in to see if they can find out what happened." She didn’t look at Dean or acknowledge him in any way but she made sure to pitch her voice loud enough that it would reach him. She waited for confirmation that her orders had been heard by the gate crew then walked back to her office.
Dean rolled his eyes but Cas stepped forward to defend them. Dean quickly put a hand on his arm, saying, “he's not worth it.” Cas frowned at him but backed up.
It is about 2 hours to midnight where I am so here we are. Happy New Years! Good Riddance 2020! Here's to hoping next year is WAY better than this last one.
Babies were cute, evil creatures, designed to deprive you of sleep and sanity, Dean decided. it seemed like there was always at least one awake needing a bottle, diaper change, or just cuddles. Luckily Cas was still living in the smithy with him, so they took turns sleeping. Sam, Gabe and Charlie were also big helps. They brought food and entertainment to the smithy.
Lucifer flinched. So it seemed Dean was upset he had been out of touch. He looked over at Castiel, hoping for some sympathy. Castiel just stared at him, his face hard. Lucifer was starting to realize that maybe he’d screwed up… again.
Dean jokingly scowled at the nickname but just paid for his drinks without saying anything. He had been taking care of Sam since they were kids and had been called Mr Mom or other such things for years. When he was younger it had bugged him but now he could just shrug it off.
He gave his brother a hug, which calmed him down a little. “Let’s concentrate on getting Dean better.” he suggested.
The sheriff was talking to someone else in uniform, likely his deputy. Away from them, closer to the forest were three other men. They were dressed in jeans and flannel. It reminded Cas of how Dean dressed. The men all seemed to be armed but luckily it looked like mostly tranquilizer guns. Cas guessed that the men were bounty hunters.
Dean grabbed Gabe’s letter from Sam's fingers and handed it to Cas. “This is a letter we received when we got the eggs.” A moment later a thought occurred and Dean asked, “can you read?”
Sam stopped looking a little scared and concerned. The shorter man did not stop. Instead he walked right up to Lucifer, pulled out the Colt and pointed it at Lucifer's forehead. "Keep away from my brother, you hellspawn. You lay even one feather on him I will rip them out."
When they got to Chuck's place it looked like a bomb had gone off. There was blood everywhere and Dean didn't want to think what it meant. They were walking around cautiously, looking for clues when Chuck hit Sam over the head with a toilet plunger.
Dean reluctantly handed over his keys to the valet when they got there. They all knew better than to even attempt to joyride in Dean’s car. One person had tried it and ended up arrested, fired, and sued. It probably hadn’t helped that Dean had the only black chevy impala in town.
Dean burst out laughing. He had not been expecting that even though he really should have. He saw some of his coworkers giving him questioning looks but he waved them off. He would tell them later.
"Cliff notes" "full version" Shepherd and Elizabeth said at the same time. Elizabeth gave Shepherd a look and he shrugged ruefully. Then she turned to Sam. "The play by play with video please."
Meg was quiet for a moment then she started swearing. Gabe listened as she threatened to rip apart everyone who had dared to hurt the omega. This is what he loved about Meg, how protective she was. It was too bad she wasn’t an alpha. They would have made a good pair. Instead she was his best friend. They still made a good pair.
They all stared at him. Sam especially looked shocked. Dean sighed and tried to explain himself. “This house with the smithy has always been perfect for me and Sam. It has a bedroom each, a workshop for him, and a smithy for me. but it's not just Sam and me anymore. Now it's me, Sam, Cas and the kids. If Sam's serious about that Jess girl there's her too. That's a lot of bodies for this house.
Dean blushed, a very good look on him, and looked down. Softly he said “thanks Cas.” Then, as he left, he called more loudly, “See you tomorrow.”
The crowd muttered their agreement. There was a stirring in the back and Jody, the mayor of Haven, pushed through. She was flanked by Donna, the town sheriff, and Bobby, a retired but still well respected hunter. Dean got a bit nervous. These three, along with Ellen, the tavern owner, and Missouri, had the social and legal power to banish anyone. Jody gave him a reassuring smile before turning to Gordon.
Gabe explained that smelling Dean in distress had almost put Castiel in his own feral state so he had to keep away until Dean was at very least awake.
Dean nodded. Sam normally set up in the market once or twice a week. He made a bit of money that way but it was mostly to get exposure for people looking for bigger or more serious magic. They were still new enough to the area that Sam had to work on building his reputation. "Could you sell a couple of my items as well?" Dean asked.
It was about an hour later when Cas heard a knock on his door. He was in the middle of a fairly complicated bit of magic (trying to break up a storm heading their way without cascading effects) so he ignored it. He thought he heard the door open but he was too busy to look around and see.
Dean was in the bathroom for almost an hour. Beyond the shower he also took the time to shave, get dressed, style his hair and otherwise primp. He wanted to look his best for his alpha and if that meant pulling out the moisturizer he would deny having so his skin would look soft and healthy so be it. He was happy to see that his bruises were hardly noticeable. Yep, he looked good. It was almost time so he gave one last check in the mirror before stepping out.
Dean was surprised. He hadn’t really thought he was getting anything. Luckily he and Sam had enough money that it wasn't really an issue.
She had more questions but she put them aside as they watched Sam Winchester enter the room where the man, Castiel apparently, was sitting.
The real breakthrough though was when she asked Dean what would happen if they found John (Dean didn’t even think of him as dad anymore) and he came to visit. Dean realized that John wouldn’t approve of any of it. He would likely call Dean weak for having gone feral and now taking therapy, for relying on his brother to get him through. He would probably pick a fight with Sam within minutes of seeing each other again. He would hate that Gabe, an omega, was a doctor and scoff at Cas for being a cop. But what would really get him going was the fact Dean and Cas planned to mate. He would go on about how unnatural it was, two males mating, how they should give it up and find nice girls to settle down with. John would hate everything that was bringing Dean happiness.
Cas could feel rage start to build.  He kept his face neutral and was glad the beta could not read his scent.
Today is the day, Gabe thought. Dean was leaving the hospital. Gabe felt such a mix of emotions. He was happy that his patient was going home, he was proud of the work that had been done bringing an omega out of feral, and he was nervous for the future. He felt silly about the last one; he knew Castiel wasn’t going to abandon him. They had even talked a bit about the future and the current plan was for Dean to move in once he and Castiel were mated. Maybe some time down the line they would get their own house or maybe one with an inlaw suite for Gabe. So there was no need for Gabe to be nervous. That didn’t stop him though.
Crowley and Benny shared a look and a grimace. "You might want to start establishing some alibis," Crowley suggested.
When I was trying to decide if I should keep Dean being unaffected by famine or not, I decided that if there was anything Dean could be starving for it was affection. I went that route instead of sex because I didn't want Dean's first time to be under the influence of famine.
She grinned when she saw his eyes open. “Back with us, sleeping beauty?” she asked. Her voice had a bite to it
The cute waitress was also looking defensive. She'd gotten them their beers but as soon as she turned to serve other customers one of the alphas grabbed her arm.
This was the original end to the story, but then I got sappy and started writing another chapter. Also the rating of the story changes here(a little less conversation, a little more action) (not much though).
"I'm good, Sam's good." Dean hesitated, then blurted out what he had called Bobby about. "Sammy got a soulmate mark. He doesn't know yet. I woke up early and saw it. But Bobby," Dean took a deep breath then said "it's a star in a circle of flames, right over his heart."
Cas nodded and moved away so that they could both strip. Dean made sure to toss the clothes for enough from the nest that they wouldn't catch fire later. Once naked he grabbed the bottle of oil and lay back in the nest. He opened the bottle and coated his fingers with the oil. Then eyes locked with Cas, who was standing just outside the nest, Dean pushed the first finger inside himself.
"Right, right. But if Dean is prevented from becoming Michael's vessel, like, permanently, he can be the key to stopping it all." Chuck stammered out. He drained his glass and poured another one.
So last night I hosted an outdoor, social distancing movie night for my family and we watched Stardust. It is such a great movie! Similar in tone to the Princess Bride so if you are a fan of that movie you should seriously consider checking out Stardust.
“You mean the little flying fat kid in diapers?” Dean really was asking for clarification but he had also wanted to slip in a joke to make Cas laugh. Cas didn’t seem to get it.
Sammy stared at him. Bobby continued darkly, "You both know I don't talk to John anymore but it seems like he's fallen off the face of the earth." He gave Dean an almost smile then "don't worry I have contacts in both high and low places. I'll find him."
Sam had started laughing about half way through the prayer and was struggling to catch his breath when Lucifer flew in.
Lucifer waited anxiously for the morning to come. He had been nervous seeing Micheal at the first meeting but somehow this was worse. He had presented Micheal a choice; to fight and end the world, or just go on as brothers. Now he would know what Micheal really thought of him, how much he loved him.
He thought back to his meeting with Gabriel, the one Dean had interrupted with his prayers. He had told Gariel about his meeting with Lucifer and the agreements they had made. He also asked him to be at the meeting as a neutral party. Gabriel had raised his eyes at this but understood; he was the only one available on the same power level as Lucifer. Castiel was a strong angel but he wasn't an archangel plus he was cut off from heaven. He had also been surprised when Castiel had said Sam would be at the meeting, but even Gabriel knew how inseparable the brothers were.
Sam and Cas didn't get home until late. Dean had already eaten and put the babies to bed. When he saw their lights getting close, he dished them each up a big bowl of the stew he'd made with thick slices of bread on the side.
The wait was worse than all the days before. Now he knew he could see his alpha, he just didn’t know when. He watched as the alpha was rolled out, once again strapped down and possibly sedated. Dean was excited to see him leave, it meant that soon he would be able to see Cas.
Dean was getting very frustrated by the time they made it to a sitcom. Suddenly Cas came through the door. He looked like he had been through a fight and Dean was ready to kill the bastard that had hurt his alpha. Wait, no, the alpha, not his.
She was studying their files, neither had much in them, when John and his team showed up for a permission briefing. They were meeting with old trading partners of Teyla's.  The briefing went quickly and they were wrapping up when Shepherd noticed the files. He turned them towards him reading the names.
Ronon's grin grew bigger. He started teasing Teyla about having a crush on the older brother, while Shepherd kept asking "how good are they? Better than me?" It was like working with children.
Castiel had to look over and admire this brave and foolish omega. Here he was facing an alpha, one of the most powerful in creation and he was making jokes. Not only that but jokes only him and Castiel would understand. Castiel decided that he might actually love Dean, not just admire or desire him.
Castiel tucked Dean into his bed and leaned down to kiss his forehead. Dean gave a contented sigh and Castiel smiled. There was a chair in the corner of the room and Castiel settled in it to watch Dean sleep.
Castiel was starting to get sleepy when he heard Dean say "I'll show you mine if you show me yours."
Dean actually enjoyed the ballet. He wouldn't admit this to anyone, especially Sam, but he liked going to these things with Cas. And not just because it was with Cas. He enjoyed watching plays and ballet. It was interesting and different. There was no way he would go on his own, but he didn't mind being "forced" to go with Cas. He wondered if Cas had figured it out because Dean was always his first call when he had theatre or ballet tickets.
Dean hadn't known he could fall deeper in love with Cas but hearing him say all those things did it. He couldn't help himself; he surged forward and kissed Cas. For a brief second Cas didn't react and Dean was ready to pull back. Then Cas's arms tightened around him and he was kissing him back.
“You're out of prison, they let you out, they sent you here to do their dirty work.” Castiel didn’t look at her. Instead he looked around trying to see if there were any traps.
Now that he knew Famine was in town, surrounded by demons, and harvesting souls, Lucifer had very little trouble finding him. Famine had taken over a diner. Lucifer flew in and looked around at all the dead bodies. He knew Dean and Castiel would feel bad for the humans but Lucifer just found it interesting to guess what they had died from.
Lucifer put his hand over Castiel’s heart. He reached out with his grace and wrapped it around Cstiel’s weakened grace. Grace sharing was normally only done between mated trios but nothing about this trio was normal. He felt Castiel’s grace start to strengthen. He hoped this would make up for Castiel being cut off from heaven. He withdrew and watched as Castiel started to stir.
Sam looked a little chagrined and Dean turned his face toward forward to hide his blush. He got some serious mixed feelings about being called a mother. He just muttered “not a girl, Cas.”
He didn’t like anyone thinking they could manipulate him like that, though. In the blink of an eye he flew to right in front of Famine and, pulling his sword out of nowhere, cut off the hand wearing the ring. Famine screamed and collapsed in on himself. Lucifer picked up the severed hand, slid the ring off it, and threw it aside.
He was feeling better by the time his meeting with Castiel started. He had been surprised both by how young Castiel was, about Cole’s own age, as well as how handsome he was. He looked more like a model than a crime lord. He had tried to convince Castiel to open the blinds so they could watch the (female) dancers, but had been told that Castiel “prefered to keep his meetings private.”  The man talked like a robot.
“Why don’t you wait outside for Jody?” he suggested gently to Dean. “Let her know that the threat has been eliminated.”
It took Dean a moment to realize what Sam was talking about. The warm body against his helped clue him in. Dean suddenly remembered the night before. He lay a hand on Castiel's chest and felt the reassuring thumping of his heart. He let out a breath he hadn't realized he was holding. Cas had survived the night.
Sam muttered an agreement as Dean got up and walked back to Lucifer and Castiel. Lucifer opened up his arms and Dean stepped in. He leaned his head on Lucifer's chest and said, "I don't like this. I don't like that they keep moving the goalposts. "
They let Gabe know immediately, on the other hand. Gabe had proceeded to put Cas through a bunch of magical tests and at the end declared Cas was telling the truth. Dean hadn't doubted him but it always felt nice to have these things confirmed.
I also realized that there is only about 4 more chapters after this. It will be a little weird when it's over. I spent so much time on this story over the last almost year. I do have some other stories that are almost ready for me to post but it will still be sad to let this one go. Maybe I'll have to write a couple timestamps in the future.
Lucifer glared at him, possibly trying to intimidate him but Dean was not going to back down. Cas was staying neutral though Dean knew Cas would have his back if it came to anything.
Dean grinned and settled in to enjoy his drink. He didn't sit, instead leaning on the bar in a way that his ass stuck out. He then drew attention to that fine was by swaying his hips in time with the music. Benny could see eyes being drawn to the show Dean was putting on. Dean did like attention.
Sam looked surprised for a moment before laughing. ”No, he actually taught me. I’m pretty sure it’s because of him that we got to come here.”
So here they were. Jess had set up a video camera on a tripod to capture the whole event. They had also taken photos before moving into the clearing. Now they were just waiting for Bobby, the officiator of the ceremony, to get things started.He gave a nod and Cas stepped forward.
Dean suddenly felt exhausted. The sky was lit from the fire behind them but it's still the middle of the night. “Let's go to bed,” he suggested to his brother. “He's taking enough time and energy from us tonight.” Sam nodded and, along with Gabe, they turned to leave.
Moving day was an emotional one for Dean. He had moved before, several times in fact, but never without Sam. So while he was happy and excited for his new home, he was also sad about leaving his brother. He wasn't going far, they’d see each other all the time, but it wasn't the same. He could tell Sam's felt similarly as he helped Dean pack his things from the old house to take to the new one.
Because he had gone in early Gabe was able to leave early. He walked into his house to the smell of roast. Gabe smiled as he took off his coat and shoes then went to find his brother. Castiel was in the kitchen checking on the roast. Without looking up he said “dinner will be in an hour.”
Dean blushed. He had chosen the nicest, cleanest clothes he had, other than his suits. He looked past Cas to see Sam smirking at him. It made Dean even more self conscious so he tried to cover it up by gruffly asking, "So what are the details, Cas? When and where are we meeting?"
Kate and Adam were full of questions for Dean, Gabe, and even Sam. Cas mostly stayed quiet unless they asked him a question directly. Dean had moved so that he was tucked into Cas’s side. Cas could feel the tension in him and absentmindedly ran a hand soothingly over his back.
She gave him a long look before agreeing to go. She looked so young and scared Dean felt bad for her but there was nothing he could do about it.
Sammy pressed the call button and within minutes a man came into the room. Dean sniffed the air and realized the man was the omega. He was short, or at least under 6 feet if Dean had to judge, with longer hair and warm honey coloured eyes. The honey in his eyes made sense, Dean decided, the omega smelled sweet like candy.
Dean had been confused but with much blushing on both their parts Charlie had explained what she wanted. And that was how Dean got into the business of making fake penises and other items for people to use on themselves.
He spotted Kate and Adam right away and headed towards them. He felt his step falter when he saw who was with them, though. It was that damn alpha who stole his bounty. What the hell was he doing there?
"Arid." Castiel set an ancient jug on the table. Dean moved in for a closer look and asked what it was. Castiel just told him it was a very rare and special oil. He didn’t want to explain all the uses of the oil.He sat down, prepared to wait until sunrise to do the ritual.
“I told Dean that I would have a talk with Lucifer. The fact he is neglecting our omega already, during the courtship, is disappointing.”
It had been just over a week since Cas had met John Winchester. When the man had introduced himself, Cas had frozen in shock. It was probably a good thing because if he hadn’t he might have ripped the man to shreds. Instead he had gone to the sheriff and had gotten permission to go out search a little longer. Alphas (and omegas) had better night vision than betas and he had argued that the alpha might be more comfortable moving around in the dark. Cas had gotted the permission and had gone out alone. Within a couple hours he had found the alpha, tranquilized him and brought him back to the parking lot to be transferred to a hospital. The alpha had been young and scared and Cas had hope that he would be able to recover.
Suddenly both angels froze. It was like they were listening to something no one else could hear. Then they both flew off.
Castiel looked down at the box like he had forgotten he was holding it. He held it out towards Dean and said, "I brought you a pie." He looked down again. "It's apple."
It was still too early but neither man felt particularly tired. They went their separate ways, Sam to his workshop and Dean to his. They both had a lot of work to do for their new little charges.
They were just waiting on dessert (pie for Dean, chocolate cake for Cas) when Anna came over. She seemed surprised to see Dean there.
Dean asked another question and got a longer response this time. Elizabeth caught something about trapped, brother, and someone named Gabriel. She looked over to see Sam staring at the screen, a look of intense concentration on his face. She wanted to ask him what they were saying bit she didn't want him to miss anything. She was suddenly very glad the interview was being recorded. Next time they had contact with earth, she wanted to send it to Dr Jackson for independent translation.
Gabe must have missiterpeted Dean’s look and scent because he quickly added, "Look Sam gave Castiel permission to come by tomorrow so hold off judgment till then.”
Elizabeth noticed that soldiers all had their weapons ready and pointed at the gate as they waited for AR6 to either come through or send a radio message. It felt like a long time but was realistically only a minute or two before the gate rippled and the first person stepped through. Elizabeth watched as AR6, AR12, both Winchester brothers, and some man she had never seen before walked through the gate. A couple people were limping but otherwise everyone looked fine.
Castiel left after that and went back to Gabriel. He was in the middle of telling Gabriel what Lucifer had said when Dean started praying. Castiel broke off mid sentence and gave a little chuckle at how he started and how he described Gabriel. Gabriel gave him a look and Castiel explained, "Dean is praying."
Dean watched as Sam packed up his bag. It had been almost a month since Dean had been released from the hospital and it was time for Sam to head back to Stanford. He wasn’t going to be away long, just a week to finish his exams. Then he would be back for the summer. He would be bringing Jess with him.
When he raised his head again, he saw that Ellen and Bobby had taken Kate and Adam under their wings off to the side. Benny was putting the BBQ away with Jo helping and taking stuff into the kitchen. Meg caught his eye and waved goodbye before disappearing towards the front of the house where she would have parked. Sam was talking quietly with Gabe and Balthazar. Cas thought he heard something about a restraining order. He would ask Sam later.
Sorry for the late release. I have been super busy with work plus my bother and fam is up visiting. I will try to be better next week.
Sam blinked confused a couple times but took the cup. By the time he had taken several sips life and excitement had entered his eyes.
He had briefly forgotten that the sigil carved on their bones also his Sam and Dean from him. He made a note to modify the sigil on Dean. If he was close by he could use his mark to locate Dean but not from a great distance.
Cas's friends and family (and Gabe) had also taken to stopping by "to visit" when they knew Dean would be working. Gabe made it a habit of stopping by at least twice a week. He said he was checking up on Cas but spent most of his time aggravating Dean. One time, once he left, Dean turned to him and said, "I still can't believe your brothers. I mean, you are so you, and he's so him."
He was just starting to relax when another man ran in. Dean tried to lunge but Sammy was holding him too firmly. Sammy kept up a litany of soothing words and Dean let himself relax. It helped that the man who had come in was an omega.
Dean was taken aback. Here he was pouring out his heart and Bobby's response was to call him an idjit? "What?" He said dumbly.
Sam seemed to read his mind, like normal. “Well, like Dean said, we give the angels what they want; a vessel for Micheal. But we do it on our terms.”
They chatted a few mins after that before Sam, Jess and Bobby went back to Dean's room to wait. Gabe reminded Sam to contact Castiel before he left.
“What do you think of the nest?” Cas asked, directing Dean's attention back to what Cas had been showing him.
Castiel's brother Gabriel was a prankster and a troublemaker. Messing with Cas's wards was something he would definitely do. Cas made a mental note to call Gabe later and tell him off. Cas normally didn't mind his pranks but messing with his wards to the point a demon could get in and destroy his place was too far.
"Oh hi Sammy," Dean said looking away from the tv. "Do you see the tv Cas brought me? He knows I can't leave yet so he brought something for me to watch."
They were halfway home before Dean realized that Cas was too quiet. He looked over to see Cas looking like somebody kicked his puppy. Dean had no idea what put that expression on his face so he asked. “What's going on Cas?” you look like someone kicked your puppy.”
It was perfect. Within minutes Lucifer’s knot had formed and he was cumming down Dean’s throat. Dean would have come already but Castiel was using his grace to keep him on edge. He thrust a ýfew more times before his own knot started to swell. As he locked in he released his grace’s hold on Dean, making them come together.
"But Stanford is my dream school," Sam reminded him. "And if I don't get in here and end up somewhere else what then? Are you, Cas, maybe Jess just going to move with me?"
“If this letter is to be trusted then I believe that the eggs you have in your forge are those of Hael,” Cas told them.
“So how does this work?” Dean asked nervously. They had talked about it but right now Dean couldn’t remember any of the details.
So a couple times in this story I talk about Dean's family Alpha.  The way this works (at least in my head) is that omegas are thought to be more vulnerable to going feral if not properly cared for so the laws require them to have a legal alpha (a mate, alpha in the family, or the head of the family like in Dean's case). This way they know who to hold responsible if an omega goes feral, either through neglect or abuse. If there is no one to act as legal alpha in the family, the omega is supposed to declare themselves to the government to be appointed a legal alpha who once again would be considered responsible for the omega. The flip side to that is that an omega can't get a job, a place to live, or even schooling without their legal alpha's permission.
Dean was still hovering at the door, reluctant to leave, when Cas put a gentle hand on his shoulder and guided him outside. He dropped his hand as they started to walk towards the tavern. Dean missed the warmth of the hand as soon as it was gone.
So in this verse Dean can also use magic. His is just more hands on and practical... just like Dean.
Dean watched as Michael put a hand on Anna and smited her, leaving nothing behind. Uriel let Dean go and told Michael that he hadn’t known. Michael sent him away with a snap of his fingers. Then Micheal put Mary to sleep. Dean staggered over and demanded that Michael fix Sam but Michael insisted that first they talk. When Dean asked about John being his vessel, Michael explained that while Dean was his true vessel, it was a bloodline thing. Anyone in the bloodline could be used.
It had all started the day before when a courier had brought Dean a letter from Benny. It had been short and boiled down to him being married and his wife was pregnant. Dean couldn't understand why he'd even sent it. Was he expecting congratulations or a gift?
With his newly coated fingers, Dean started working himself open. One finger led to two, scissoring and stretching. When he could comfortably fit 3 in he started searching with his fingers for that special spot inside. Soon he was panting and felt almost ready to cum.
When he'd been told the meeting time and place he had been excited. Crossroad Deals was one of the best strip clubs in the whole city. He figured he could go to his meeting, have a couple drinks, watch a couple dances, and maybe persuade one of the girls to go home with him.
Finally it was quiet. Cas made a cursory cleanup, only dealing with anything that couldn’t be put off to the next day. Then he went, had a quick shower, and changed into comfortable clothes for the nest.
“Let’s just say Cassie here could probably take on the devil, or Micheal for that matter, by himself and win.” Gabriel’s tone was smug like it was somehow his accomplishment.
“Look, I’m just saying, maybe there’s another way. Instead of roasting half the planet, try talking to each other?” Dean sounded exasperated. “Because really, if your dad wanted one of you dead, he should have the balls to do it himself.”
He heard voices and smelled the other omega coming close. She smelled similar to the one behind him so Dean let her approach. She was trying to talk to him but he didn't understand her. She reached out but he growled. She pulled her hand back.
This made everyone stare at Dean. Sam even stopped pacing. Dean seemed to realize what he had said and took a deep breath. "Ok, I need you to knock me out."
“Against whom?” Castiel demanded. “That blade doesn't work against angels. It's not like this one.” He showed her his own angel blade. “Maybe you're not working for heaven. There's something you're not telling me.”
“Welcome to Soulmates 101” a deep voice caught the class's attention. It was the hot man from the front of the room. “I am your professor Dr Novak. In this class we will be discussing the history, mythology and truth of soulmates. I am handing around a syllabus.” he handed a stack of papers to the closest student who took one and passed the rest on.
He tensed up slightly as Gabe knocked to let everyone know they were coming in but Gabe just swept them both in before he could panic again.
So my foot is all better now. It healed up so much faster than I thought it would so that was weird.
Just like for Dean's birthday, they went to see a matinee. It was some action movie with lots of cool effects and they both really enjoyed it. It made Dean feel good to have Sam so happy. Over the last few years he had been leaning hard into the moody teenage stereotype.
“You must be the VIP I had heard was coming,” a British man in a suit said as he approached Cole. Behind him was the waitress with his beer. The man stepped aside so she could deliver it, then introduced himself. “I am Crowley, owner of Crossroad Deals. As a VIP let me offer you a complimentary lap dance while you wait for your meeting to begin.”
He gave a brief thought of going to get Sam for help but immediately dismissed it. Instead he lifted Cas into his arms and headed for shelter. He chose his smithy for two main reasons: it was closer and it was warmer. Carrying a limp adult male wasn't easy but Dean was stronger than he looked due to his blacksmithing. One of the hardest parts of the walk was not accidentally stabbing Cas with the knife Dean was still carrying.
Once he decided on his plan he flew straight to Dean. He was surprised to see that Dean was alone. He purposefully landed a bit too close. It gave him a chance to take in Dean’s scent and Dean seemed to think he didn't know better.
Sam was stubborn and Lucifer left. He had time to convince him. In the meantime he would focus on finding the omega. That was what he really cared about.
"That's great. The other thing is that in a day or two we will have to sit down with Dean and talk about the future. Dean needs a lifestyle change. If he keeps going the way he was he will go feral again and this time we might not get him back." Gabe looked at them seriously. "Dean has been nomadic all his life, based on what you have told me. Omegas don't do well being nomadic. We like to settle in and nest. Dean has never gotten that. It will take some time and he might have to get involved with an omega support group."
She had only sat down when there was a knock. She looked up to see Dean standing in the doorway. She raised an eyebrow and asked “What can I do for you, Mr Winchester?” She noticed that he frowned slightly when she called him Mr Winchester but otherwise his face was impassive.
He was halfway through Batman Begins, when there was a knock on his door. Dean gave a brief thought about pretending he wasn't home but decided to bite the bullet.
She raised her eyebrows. “We have a feral omega in the room behind me doing his best impression of sleeping beauty. I’m not super inclined to like anyone right now.”
In the end it was Sam and Lucifer who figured it out. Sam had seen a news article about a pharmaceutical company getting ready to ship out flu vaccines in preparation of a larger than normal flu season. Lucifer heard the name of the company and remembered some of the demons he had interrogated mentioning it when he had been looking for Pesty. Sam put two and two together and realized the Croatian virus was in the vaccines.
Then Gabe heard something he was not expecting. The omega, Dean, was speaking, saying “pup, my pup.”
Cas and Dean stopped every couple steps on the way back to the house to kiss. The only reason they hadn’t christened Dean’s new workshop was that Dean reminded Cas the supplies they needed were in Cas’s bedroom. As they stepped past the door ruined by the latest attack Dean stopped kissing Cas long enough to say, “I’ll fix that tomorrow.”
“This room is going to have to be locked down. A feral alpha is being brought in.” Gabe informed them.
The rest of the day was spent playing with the kids, feeding them when they were hungry and changing them when they were dirty. Claire and Emma were little balls of energy. They couldn't crawl yet but they loved rolling over again and again. Jack, meanwhile, was happy to lay there gumming on his toy. It was fine and fun now but Dean was dreading what would happen when they were mobile and outnumbered him and Cas.
“I will,” Gabe promised and headed out. Sam was talking to Meg so Gabe went to check on his other patients.
Finally he finished. He carefully cleaned up his workroom, putting away everything he had pulled out for the ritual. He found his forgotten cup of tea and tried to decide if he had expended enough energy that he could heat the cup without making it explode. He wasn't sure it was worth the risk so he just drank it cold.
“I am meeting your brother tomorrow and would like to bring a gift. Do you have any recommendations?” he asked after a moment's hesitation.
Michael still seemed hesitant and Lucifer decided to have some mercy on him. “Just think about it. And when you are ready, call to me. I will answer.”
Dean got out of bed. He was still in his clothes from the day before. He grabbed a fresh set of clothes out of his duffle and headed to the bathroom. Once he had showered and dressed he headed downstairs.
It had been over 4 years since the night Dean lay awake wondering and fretting about getting a soulmate mark. Now it was Sam's turn. He had been a nervous wreck all week. Now it was close to midnight and he was pacing the floor.
Castiel blushed. The other kids normally called him mean because he wasn't good at sharing. But Dean thought he was nice. That made Castiel very happy.
"It's not that simple," Castiel admitted. "I can't find our third. Until I do, I don't want to tell Dean and get his hopes up."
"Breaking up a storm," he said shortly. He gave an inner wince at how gruff he sounded but Dean either didn't notice or didn't care because he exclaimed, "that's so cool! I wish I could do stuff like that."
Dean felt Lucifer’s fingers brush his hole and jerked forward. He hadn’t been expecting it and wasn’t sure he was ready for that. He was quickly distracted by Cas’s kisses though. The fingers just stayed there, circling his hole and spreading his slick, and as long as they weren’t trying to go in he was ok with that. He relaxed and started to kiss Cas back enthusiastically.
They walked into Bobby’s house. Dean detoured to grab beers then met them in the living room. Dean offered him one but Castiel declined. It really did nothing for him.
The trickster told them that was half of it and that they needed to play their roles, Dean as Michael and Sam as Lucifer, out in the real world. Dean got in his face and asked whose side he was on which seemed to make him mad. Finally he left and Dean and Sam were in a police procedural.
As Dean sat down next to Castiel (Sam couldn’t bring himself to think of the man as anything so informal as Cas), he asked “So you guys been here long? Getting to know each other?”
Mark stared at him. “That giant is a beta?” Mark shook his head then changed the subject, “So what are you doing standing out here?”
Dean looked at him then let his insecurities out. “Why? I’m just a broken omega. I’ve already gone feral, I’ve slept around, I’m dumb and don’t even have a high school diploma to my name. I’m not mate material.”
The same student rolled his eyes. "People just say that to feel special. A soulmate mark is a soulmate mark no matter the size or place."
Dean had no idea what Sam was talking about and said as much. Sam gave him one of those looks that he was famous for, the one that said ‘don't even pretend you are fooling me’. “Cas told me that you have accepted his courtship but he knew that humans like it when their families are asked for their approval. why didn't you tell me you guys got together?” He was glaring at Dean again.
Sam yielded then it was Dean’s turn. They had gone back and forth about including this in the ceremony, it wasn’t very common for the matings to include a challenge between the omega and alpha. But Bobby had found out that most ceremonies that involved a male omega did have this challenge. It was so the alpha could demonstrate their strength to the omega.
Lucifer had been busy when he had heard Castiel, then Dean call for him. Unlike before he had not just been sulking. Instead he had been meeting with several demons to redirect their efforts away from the apocalypse. Surprisingly they had not been hard to convince. Since angels had started to walk on earth they had been smiting demons left and right. Most of the demons Lucifer talked to just wanted to go back to causing trouble and making deals for souls, not fighting a battle for earth against the angels.
Finally Cas spoke. “Do you want to see our nest?” he asked. His voice gave away nothing of his emotions.
So I have this story I have been writing out by hand when I'm at work. I am currently 17 chapters in and once I start getting it digital and editing I'll start posting. But why I'm really mentioning it... my cat seems super concerned whenever I start reading the story out loud (using voice to text to digitize it). She's never really had a problem with me talking to myself or on the phone but as soon as I start reading she is all up in my business. This might have been a very longwinded way of saying if I never get the story done it's my cat's fault.
Gabe saw Sam coming up the hallway and knew that Bobby would be leaving soon so he held out his hand. “it was nice to meet you Bobby,” he said sincerely.
Just thinking about it made him bitter and want to rage. But he paused. He had been alone so long and here was a chance for a family again. Was he willing to give that up?
Castiel looked over to Dean and had to stare. Dean was on his hands and knees inspecting a hole near the floor. The position put his ass on display and what a display it was. Cas though he saw a hint of something green and lacy showing itself above the waistband of Deans jeans. He gulped.
Gabe nodded and Meg dragged Jess away. He was pretty sure Jess had no idea how angry Meg was but he was sure that by the time he saw her again, she would have a better understanding of how royally she could have screwed things over. Seriously, who in their right mind would get that close to a feral when they were in a vulnerable state. That was just asking for things to go badly.
Sam grimaced. He remembered that one from years before. "Well, how do we find him? As far as i know he hasn't started spreading the virus yet. I haven't heard of any cases at least."
Now he knew Cas was messing with him. Even Sam was laughing. Dean just glared at them both and said, “what you told me about what you are.”
Dean laughed, clapped his brother on the shoulder and packed up their stuff. Castiel stood guard, glad they would be on the move again.
He was just wondering if he had socialized enough to politely wander away towards the burgers when Kate turned to introduce him to two new people.
He clapped Sam on the shoulder and said “alright Sammy, let’s get a move on. I want to head to Bobby’s place.”
Castiel stared at him. This man was amazing. When Castiel was feeling low he knew just what to say to get him fighting again. But he knew Dean was also struggling. The separation of the brothers was weighing heavy on Dean and sometimes he would sink into a sad silence. Castiel asked how he was and listened as Dean lied to both of them saying he was good. Especially without Sam.
Dean got a look of awe on his face. He looked from the pie box to Castiel and back again. “You brought me pie?” he asked, his voice got quiet and shy. Even his scent seemed bashful. “I love pie.”
It is very weird to me to think that this story is done. I have more stories planned for this universe but this story took up a large part of my life for quite a while. Thanks for sticking with me.
Gabe was not prepared for what he was walking in to see when he entered Dean’s room. Dean, the previously feral omega, was sitting up and chatting with Sam and Bobby.
Castiel took a deep breath, partly to calm himself and partly to gage Dean's mood through his scent. Then he smelled something that almost put him in a rage.
They chatted a bit longer before Jess stuck her head back in to say goodbye. Dean was sad that she was leaving but when she explained that it was for school he gave a hug and wished her a good flight. Sam followed her out to walk her to her car and say a more private goodbye.
He scrubbed a hand thraough his wet hair. This was such a mess. They almost had it. Dean was making words, his scent was getting better and now he was back to growling. Gabe just hoped they hadn’t lost him.
Bobby nodded. He was about to say something but was interrupted by the sounds of yelling and growling coming from Dean’s room. Gabe rushed in, stopping abruptly just inside the door. Bobby just missed bowling him over. He was ready to run to Dean’s side but Gabe threw up a hand to stop him. He needed to get an idea of what was going on.
John could see dawning horror on her face. He looked around wildly, hoping for help from some quarter but instead he saw Bobby and Ellen standing there. He hadnt seen Bobby in years and Ellen even longer. He realized then that this had been a set up.
Castiel had been doing his best to calm Lucifer down. He had spent hours grooming Lucifer's wings, making sure each feather was in place.  It was soothing and helped for a while but as they got closer to morning, the more anxious Lucifer felt.
"Alive?" Castiel asked for him. "It's a good question. How did these two end up on that airplane? Another good question, because the angels didn't do it. We both know the answer, don't we?"
But there was Sam, holding his laptop and looking like a student who had been sent to the principal's office. She sighed and radioed Shepherd to join her in her office. She gestured to Sam to follow her in and cleared a space for him to set up his computer.
Now he was standing in awkward silence as Lucifer circled him, taking deep breaths. Gabriel and Sam were standing back but Cas stayed by Dean's side. The scent of the two alphas mixed together in a way that complimented each other. He had always liked Cas's scent, he had been sure that was what a mate smelled like. But now, with Lucifer's scent added in, it smelled of home and safety. It was perfect.
They also talked about the immediate future, what Dean's life was going to look like as soon as he got out of the hospital. This was actually a discussion between all of them, Dean, Cas, Sammy (or Sam as he kept insisting) and Gabe. Bobby also had some input via phone. Sam and Bobby had found a place for him to stay once he was out and Sam would stay with him for at least a couple weeks before heading back to school. They had also found him a job. Cas insisted that he didn't need one but Dean liked the idea of being financially independent from his alpha. Gabe had sympathized and also explained that it would also be good for Dean in terms of reintroducing him to society. Both the job and place to live were at the roadhouse Dean had gone feral in. Apparently the owner, the omega mother, was happy to help the man who had defended her daughter.
“No, She won't give up until you are dead. So we kill her first.” Castiel spoke a few words in Enochian and the ritual was complete. He stepped back. “I found her.”
So... It's my birthday today! So I decided to treat myself by putting out the first chapter of a new story. I also am treating myself with a lot of good food today.
Castiel extricated himself from the group and made his way to Gabe. He looked rough. He’s eyes still had a hint of alpha red around the rims and his scent was… on edge. Normally Gabe would use his own soothing omega scent to calm his brother but he was wearing blockers.
Dean sighed. He and Sam had been talking about it. Gabe has included instructions on how to raise the dragons, though he admitted they were based on rumours and best guesses. Either way, they were going to have three little dragonlings running around. He wasn't sure how they would hide them from hunters then.
The drunk friend was at least sober enough to realize she had screwed up and quickly went to find other people to bug. What she said was true, though, Dean thought. If it hadn't been for Jess they might not have ended up together. What Jess had said was also true. She could have ruined everything.
Dean considered him a moment before sulkingly replying "best sleep I've had in awhile. Were you watching me the whole night?"
Something had changed between him and Cas. Dean didn't know when or why but he was starting to notice that Cas was more attentive. It was little things, like bringing him a cup of tea as soon as he woke up, helping make dinner, taking the babies when he needed a break.
"Likely?" Dean asked quietly but he was drowned out by Sam asking, "How does that work, mating in threes? Is it one alpha to two omegas or what?"
"Hey Deano, how's it going?" Gabe called as he and Cas walked in. The words were upbeat but the tone was just a little off.
Dean decided to save all of them by putting on an over the top smile and saying, “No. Nothing like that. Cas chickened out again and I was his backup plan. I guess he forgot to call ahead and change our table.”
After introducing them to Meg briefly they finally left. Gabe let out a big sigh once they were out of sight.
Sam got excited then. "According to Castiel his brother Gabriel tricked him into the maze and left him there. He wasn't sure how long it had been or how many rooms he had solved before getting stuck in the one we found him."
Lucifer was glad to see Castiel but he tried to play it cool. Castiel was on the other side after all, even if he had rebelled. He did have a question though. "Castiel, I'm told you came here in an automobile."
"Can you show me?" Dean asked quietly. In some ways he felt it was unfair to ask. In his four years of having his own mark he'd never shown it to Sam, even when he'd asked. He just hoped Sam understood why when he did show him.
“But he’s done it before, with dad. Micheal healed him after leaving so that there were no problems.” Dean reminded him.
Dean froze. The blood rushed into his ears and he could hear Cas asking Jess questions and her answering. He swung his eyes around to see Sam. He had a look of horror on his face which told Dean the situation was just as bad as he felt it was. He had kept his secret for years and was now watching it all unravel because of his brother's drunk girlfriend.
Cas smiled at him. “Yes, I am surprised that no other dragon has tried to set up a nest here before.”
“We will take turns grooming each other. We will start with Lucifer, then Gabriel and lastly myself,” Castiel told him as Lucifer got in position on the bed, wings out.
Chuck was sitting at his computer,  a glass of whiskey in his hand. He looked wrecked, but not very surprised to see Castiel. They stared at each other. Finally Chuck couldn't take it anymore. "You were dead! There were pieces of you in my hair."
Adam looked at him in shock. When he looked over at Sam, Sam just nodded. “So you’re saying that I might not get to see my mom again?” he asked them.
Castiel was almost vibrating with happiness and excitement as they walked to the car. Gabe was glad to see it. He could not think of a man or alpha who deserved happiness more than his brother.
After the movie they went and got a pizza to go. They walked to a park and found a picnic bench and sat down. They didn't talk as they ate, choosing to concentrate on the food.
Cas stood “I met Sam teaching Soulmates 101. Sam and Jess might not be soulmates, sharing a mark. But I have studied many soulmates and very few have a bond as strong as Sam and Jess. Fate might not have paired them together but their choices did and to me that can be just as powerful. To Sam and Jess.”
They drove home in silence. Gabe had offered to stop by the police station so Cassie could pick up his car and anything else he had left there but he had declined. Soon they pulled into their driveway.
When he finally was done he had tried to contact Castiel but he hadn’t gotten any response. He hadn’t thought much about it and had instead gone to try and track down the remaining horsemen. They were eluding him and he wanted to stop them from causing more damage. It seemed that a few of them had claimed demons as their own followers. The latest lead he had ended up being a dead end and he was trying to contact Castiel again.
“I will see about getting you some food.” Gabe told him. “Before that I need to introduce you to a couple people.”
“He’s sleeping right now. You will not wake him.” There was steel in Castiel’s tone and Lucifer let his wings drop.
Dean rolled his eyes. “I mean that you're handsome, sexy.” Then he realized what he said and went back to blushing.
He found his brother surrounded by nurses just outside the emergency department. Gabe rolled his eyes. His brother always seemed to attract a crowd. But unlike Gabe, who knew how to use that to his advantage, Cassie always seemed to be completely oblivious.
Castiel led him to the living room. On the coffee table stood a box for a 24” tv. Next to it was a box for a small dvd player. Gabe turned to look at his brother who was nervously shifting from foot to foot.
Castiel focused on Dean and flew to him. He was just about to land when he saw something and changed his landing. He ended up right in front of Sam, taking the full blast of the shot to his chest. Of course it did nothing to him except put a few holes in his shirt.
Dean hesitated a moment before feeling Cas, "something the demon Crowley said has been bothering me." Cas just stared at him, waiting for him to continue.  "He said Lucifer is looking for an omega."
“If you choose to rebuild your smithy here or anywhere else local, Gordon's men will be available to help,” she continued, then she paused. when she spoke again her voice was warmer. This was Jody, the person, not Jody, the mayor. “I hope you do choose to rebuild here,” she told them. “I know you've been chased out of towns before but I meant what I said about this town being a Haven. As long as the relationship is between consenting adults, it doesn't matter if they're a man and a woman, two men, two women or any other combination. Everyone is welcome here.”
If Dean didn't like future him, he really didn't like future Cas, albeit for very different reasons. Future him was a dick, and future Cas was a womanizing stoner. He was also apparently basically human. That last part didn’t really matter to Dean but it was weird.
Michael nodded again and the two archangels looked like they were preparing to leave. Michael hesitated a moment and looked back at Lucifer. “When I have laid things to rest in heaven we should visit, brother. I would like to get to know you again. And your mates,” he added as an afterthought.
There in the middle was a mound of dirt that was undulating, like it was breathing. He reached down to touch it but felt a presence behind him. He spun around to see an angel lunging at him, blade out. Castiel wasn’t sure where Lucifer was as he grappled with the angel. He didn’t want to kill him but the angel, a younger one he didn’t recognise, didn’t seem to share his sentiment.
Dean stared at him. between the shyness, the shirtlessness, and flying invite, his brain was fried. After a moment he found his voice and suggested, “why don't you do your search first and maybe after we can try the flying thing?”
Gabe and Bobby shared a look. Gabe really wanted to gossip and fangirl over what Dean just admitted but now was not the time. Instead he asked Dean to continue. The rest of his impressions and feelings seemed to relate to being in the hospital.
Dean laughed and gave her a hug. “Don’t hurt him or I will show you how scary a nurse can be,” she whispered in his ear. Dean shuddered but nodded.
Dean, who was still sprawled over the desk, turned to look at him. Cas had done his pants up and if it wasn't for the flush to his face and his messed up hair you would never have guessed he had just fucked Dean silly. It was one of the many things Dean loved about Cas.
Dean stood and gave him a puzzled look but followed Cas outside. Cas’s house was a pretty big one with 4 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms, and a large workroom for him to work his magic in. The outside was large as well. He led Dean over to where he had a large detached garage. Cas never used it. He kept his car just in the small attached garage.
The origin story of this fic needs a bit of background info: At one of my two jobs we do something called stripping film to get it ready to be burned on plates. My sister is the one who does it so we call her "the stripper". Stripping film involves cutting masking sheets with a craft knife so only the image you want shows through. So one day we were given some film someone else had stripped. My sister was looking it over to make sure it was good to go and said the line that made this story possible:
Dean grumbled but opened his eyes. Cas was right there in front of him. Dean leaned forward and gave him a kiss. He meant it to be a quick one but as soon as their lips touched he wanted more. Luckily Cas had more restraint. He drew back and got out of the nest.
Dean grinned. Jess was the local school teacher who'd moved here about a year before. Since then everyone had the pleasure of watching the most awkward courtship dance of two people perfect for each other but too shy to say anything. Dean had a bet going with Charlie about who would make the first move. If this counted next time they went to the tavern Charlie was paying.
About an hour later Gabe showed up. Dean watched through his door as Meg gave him a hug. Dr Adler was scowling in the background. Gabe chatted with them both for a couple minutes before coming into Dean’s room. He was able to bypass the scent blockers and Dean was happy to detect a hint of Castiel’s scent on Gabe. A part of him was jealous but mostly he was relieved to get even that small piece of his mate.
He put a hand on Dean’s shoulder. “Please try it. At least a couple sessions. If you still don’t want to after five sessions we will let it go.”
“No,” he admitted. “I didn’t want to get anyone’s hopes up. You saw how bitter Bobby was when he was first put in that wheelchair.”
Sam was also smiling but Bobby looked confused and annoyed. “What is going on?” he demanded. “What is done?”
Cas’s words hung heavy in the air. Finally Dean said the first thing that came to his mind, “no you're not.”
Cas handed him Claire and put his hands against the wall of stone. Dean bounced Emma and Claire as he watched Cas press his ear to the rocks. finally Cas stepped it back, nodded, and took Claire again. he didn't seem about to offer an explanation so Sam and Dean exchanged looks. after a silent argument Sam asked, “what were you examining at the cliff.”
"If you had a choice would you want a platonic or romantic Soulmate?" Dean asked when Sam paused for breath.
Gabe left briefly to check in with the doctor covering his patients (there was a question about releasing one) and find the air fresheners. Dean was still in the bathroom when he got back.
That had been almost two years ago and business was going strong. Dean didn't make them often or make many but what he did make always sold quickly for ridiculous amounts of money. Part of the expense was due to the materials; Dean made everything with silver. The rest was because people were willing to pay for it.
Dean chuckled as he remembered Cas trying to tell the cops the truth about angels and demons. “Yeah, most people will put you straight into the loony bin if you start talking about angels, demons, monsters and apocalypse. Hell if I didn’t live it I wouldn’t believe it.”
“Dial the gate,” Elizabeth ordered. She could hear the sound of the symbols being pressed and the Stargate started to spin. About half way through the sequence the gate suddenly sped up, turning the other direction. Elizabeth looked at the technician who announced "incoming wormhole."
It only took Dean a minute or two, then he was locking his door and heading towards Cas ugly gold monstrosity. Cas started the car and changed the radio for a news station to a classic rock one.
Cas was impressive in his dragon form. His claws were as long as short swords. standing as tall as he could, Dean almost came up to his back. His wings were folded but Dean could tell they were huge in the dim light. He couldn't tell what color Cas was (he was guessing blue).
"I could," Cas acknowledged, "but it would likely put his body immediately into a heat cycle. It would also be shocking to him mentally. While surpassing his hormones they also suppress some of his omega urges such as nesting. Having his body clean it out naturally will give us time for courting and for Dean to get used to his own body again."
With his hands now free Dean turned to Cas to grab his drink. He gave him a quick smile of thanks but turned back to Jess quickly when she let out a high pitch squeal.
Dean still had $10 left. He didn't want to spend it all if he didn't have to. It was always a good idea to have at least a couple bucks on hand. But then they walked past the movie theatre. A big sign outside proclaimed $2 Tuesday matinee. Dean was in!
Gabe was insufferable for at least a day or two after. Dean, meanwhile, filed the information that dragons and humans could get together for later. The more time he spent with him the more he fell for cas. He just wanted to know if there was a possibility his feelings might be returned.
Cas had also brought him breakfast. It was a croissant filled with ham and cheese. Dean had never had anything like it before but as he moaned appreciatively around his first bite he thought he could get used to this.
“You think you can flip the switch on the apocalypse and just walk away, Sam?” Walt demanded, ignoring Dean.
Before they left Dean pulled out his wallet and rummaged through it. He pulled out $100, about half of what he had won last time he had hustled pool. He handed it to Sam saying "happy birthday Sammy."
Dean was just stepping out of the shower when his phone rang again. He expected it to be Cas but was pleasantly surprised to see that Sam was calling.
He paused but knew Bobby would want the whole truth. “I am concerned about his recovery. I can’t in good conscience send him back into the same situation that made him go feral.”
Novak gasped when he looked back to Dean. Out of the corner of his eye Dean saw him reach out a hand to touch him but stop short.
“His name is Castiel Novak. He is a cop here in Lawrence. You two have actually met before.” Bobby told Dean.
On a complete other note I'm hoping to get several chapters of this story out this weekend. It is one of my most complete stories that I'm writing right now. I have been writing about three or more stories at the same time and I'm hoping to start clearing them out of my head and deliver them to your reading eyes. Luckily I have four days off to write (and play video games).
So not only had his mate seen him in a feral state but so had his brother? This was not looking good for Dean.
Gabe had been working hard over the last two days since the omega had come in to come up with an effective treatment plan. Between working with his other patients he had put in calls to the lead doctors and researchers on feral omegas for ideas. The best they had come up with so far was cuddling. Omegas needed physical contact often and most omegas who went feral started by being touch-starved.
Everyone laughed at that. "I will see about getting you some food." Gabe told him. "Before that I need to introduce you to a couple people."
Sam also showed him how the new smithy was going. It was a simpler building to build so they were almost done. Probably in the next day or two. Dean was looking forward to it. It had been a long time since he had worked metal.
They had to wait for the cover of dark before they could go exploring. They didn't want anyone to see Cas in his true form so they ate dinner, fed the babies and got them tucked into bed. They considered letting them sleep in the fireplace but they had run into Jess just outside their house and Dean, being the awesome brother he was, asked if she'd be willing to help Sam watch the babies. she had agreed and Sam, after bitching at him a bit, had even said thank you.
Sam made a face, he didn't exactly approach Dean hustling at pool but he nodded.  Dean promised himself that he'd get Sam the money as soon as possible. The kid deserved it.
Cas was still standing like a statue staring at him. Dean reached a hand towards him and said, “come here.”
Dean shifted his weight from foot to foot as he stared at Dr Novak's office door. Am, who was standing beside him, watched as Dean lifted then lowered his hand twice without knocking. Finally with a roll of his eyes and a "seriously Dean" he knocked for Dean.
Damn, he thought, this had better be a dream. He had not just slept through the start of the apocalypse.
Gabe wasn’t sure if it was something in his scent or Dean just decided on his own, but the omega stopped and walked back to him, enveloping him in a hug.
Dean laughed then changed the subject back to Sam and Jess. “I’m not sure what time the ballet will be over but if you are still at the Roadhouse when it is done we can swing by and grab a beer. Either way tell Jess congrats from me.”
They all talked for about an hour. Dean made sure to ask Jess lots of questions about nursing school. He kept innuendos to a minimum, mostly for Sammy’s sake. The kid seemed to really like this girl and Dean wasn’t about to mess it up for him.
Bobby had a theory, based on old stories of alpha and omega early presenters. He figured Dean stepped in when their mom died and their dad became obsessed with her killer.
A little bit of Cas talking with Bobby, a little of Cas talking to Gabe, and a litle of Cas coming up with a plan.
Dean didn't enjoy being in tv land. He got shot then put on a Japanese tv show that threatened to hit him in the balls (Sam did get hit). Cas showed up for a brief moment to tell them he had been looking for them for days but then disappeared.
While everyone cheered and drank again, Cas looked over at the man sitting next to him. Dean had his glamour down and positively glowed. He was wearing a green shirt that made his eyes seem even brighter. On his finger was a silver ring set with Cas's prize emerald that he'd been given just before he met Dean. Not long after the sleepover Gabe had mentioned, Cas had given it to Dean. Neither of them had really understood the significance of the action until years later when they finally had confessed their feelings for each other. Even as young as six Castiel had tried to claim Dean as his mate.
“If we are having a grooming party, we should invite Gabriel. He probably hasn’t been groomed in years,” Lucifer replied.
Dean correctly interpreted his silence and laughed. "Cas did you call me first?" Cas admitted nothing but that nothing was telling. "When you are attacked, you are supposed to call the police, not your handyman," Dean laughingly scolded him.
"How are you going to convince them?" He paused then gestured to himself. "Pretend I'm the omega, convince me."
Dean realised he was standing next to Cas again. Sam was giving him a concerned look. Dean looked at Cas, still chewing on his burger, and wondered if they could even get close to Famine. Then he looked at Sam, “How are you feeling?”
Cas decided he needed to do something to thank Dean. He vaguely remembered Charlie teasing him about his love for pie so Cas decided to make Dean a pie. He drove to the store and got all the ingredients to make an apple pie.
The next thing he knew he was on a plane. That wasn't much of an improvement in Dean's mind given his fear of flying. Then the plane almost crashed. Worst day EVER!
“He presented, and from what I heard from John, even started producing milk to feed you,” Bobby told Sam.
Cas, Sam, and Gabe were still staring at him. Then he realized that all his future planning throughout the day he’d forgotten to talk to one major player. He turned to Cas and said, “unless you don't want that. Hell, I wouldn't blame you if you want to take the kids away from here after what happened last night.” He felt a pang in his heart at the thought of Cas taking the babies away. He looked down at his mug to avoid the pitying look he knew was on Sam's face.
An array of emotions swept over Michael's face. He looked happy for a moment then a deep sadness clouded over him. Lucifer thought he understood. An angelic mating was something that was supposed to be something all of heaven celebrated. But this mating was unlikely to get heaven’s approval. Not only was it between angels and a human, but one of the angels was Lucifer himself, and if Micheal knew anything that was going on in heaven he would know that Castiel was also considered to have rebelled.
“The man, Castiel, was sneaking off to see Sam’s brother Dean. When Sam heard me talk about 4 hours of sleep he realized his brother was likely somehow involved; apparently Dean only required 4 hours of sleep. Sam led me to Dean’s workshop and there they both were.”
Luckily Cas was standing outside the doors waiting for him. He immediately scented Dean’s nervousness and went over to comfort him. Dean tried to act nonchalant as Castiel reassured him through touches and scenting. He could tell that Gabe at the very least wasn’t fooled. He wasn’t going to tell Cas to stop though. He did love the attention.
Lucifer had to give him that. It wasn't like anyone really knew that Lucifer had decided not to participate in the apocalypse. He wondered how he was going to explain it to Micheal. He knew at some point they would have to meet.
He puttered around just smithy for another hour before putting everything down and heading out. He stopped in the market on his way home to pick up some fresh bread, vegetables and meat. He hadn't gone to the market in a long time, Sam did most of the shopping, so he kept being stopped by people wanting to catch up. Finally he managed to make it home.
Ellen, Jo and Adam came back after a bit. Ellen was carrying a plate with one sandwich which she handed to Dean.
Thanks for sticking with me this whole story. If you haven't read them already there are two more stories in this series.
After another confrontation with future him they came to an understanding. Future Dean showed him the Colt and said he was going to kill the devil. They met with Cas and another leader to come up with a plan of attack. Most of it made Dean just depressed for the future but his heart did skip a beat when future Cas admitted to future Dean "I like past you." He wondered if the same was true for his Cas.
Dean laughed again. He was glad Sam had kicked him out of the house that night. He hadn't laughed so much in years.
"Cas, I'm not going anywhere in that gold monstrosity you call a car. Plus we are going to fancy places; we need a fancy car. I'll pick you up in Baby."
even though he said that, they didn't go straight to the nest. Instead they banked the fire in the kitchen so their nice, new house wouldn't burn down and cleaned up a bit. Even when they did start heading towards the secret door that led to the nest, Dean detoured into their bedroom to grab the special oil they needed plus clothes for the next day. Finally they made their way to the secret door at the end of the hall and let themselves into the cave.
