Sherlock gave him a look that Greg recognized from the countless of new parents he had met over the years. Complete adoration and unmasked terror.
The crisis didn’t occur for the first few times that they settled into their new dynamic. Right after that evening of acknowledgement, John did make an appointment with his therapist. Sherlock regarded it as a small identity break-down but was pleasantly surprised when John returned from the visit in high spirits. Apparently, whatever had been discussed came a long way in easing the doctor’s most prominent anxieties about the matter.
He turned, slowly, and began calculating the moment his eyes rested on his partner, standing some feet away.
Sherlock pursed his lips and turned away, probably sullen upon realizing that Greg was capable of some decent deductions, after all.
, out of all things. He splashed the water in the sink around a bit, trying to distract himself from all the negative thoughts pushing into his mind- thoughts that were hurtful and left him vulnerable and useless.
“I thought you didn’t want to be my Daddy anymore. I…I thought you… you realized that this isn’t, that I’m not-“
Ella had explained to him that regular play-session would work wonders for his stress levels, anxiety, and PTSD-fallouts.
“You’ve got quite the collection,” he remarked and smiled in John’s direction. “Would you like the color a bit? Until we’re all nice and settled?”
But sacrificing the 120 minutes he still had left to catch some shut-eye for Sherlock to get to the fucking point was crossing a line. He was a patient man, he
Deciding that maybe actions would be favored to words, he bowed down a bit, to place a kiss against his partner’s temple, but John jerked his head away.
Sherlock felt bad for throwing so many new and heavy things at John, but the situation pressured both of them out of their comfort zones.
Greg regarded the tense muscles in John’s back with a frown. His posture was way too stiff to fool anyone he was enjoying himself.
So, they kept reading. And they kept sharing a bed. It was so cozy, that Sherlock almost forgot all about the accident, or the
The endless days of suppressed needs had finally reared their ugly head at around three in the morning. John had fallen into a restless slumber, tormented by bad dreams. Sherlock wasn’t next to him, but that wasn’t a surprise. He had actually taken to sleeping in his own room again roughly four days prior, after not being able to take the disappointment in inhabiting their shared space on his own. It would be easier in his room, he told himself, because he had been alone in there for
“He, uh, he asked for you.” Greg leaned against the door to the guest bedroom heavily, making enough noise for John to hear that he was nearby. He had the itching suspicion his friend would appreciate the sentiment.
The genius flared his nostrils for another second, but deflated quickly, seeing reason. He looked like he didn’t want to leave at all.
The past month, Sherlock had been on a roll. The cases had been extraordinary, thrilling and hard to solve; a combination that left him giddy and thrumming with energy. Every new one had been better than the last; exquisite stimulation for his ever-shifting mind.
He could tell his little buddy was getting very tired as his eyes dropped every so often and his breathing evened out. Considering the busy day they’ve had (not to mention the mental effort of being confronted with a completely new and vulnerable situation), it really came as no surprise.
They managed to create a decent pile of pancakes and a whooping serving of fruits with no mayor incidents and it looked like everything was working out just in their favor, when (as usual) something unexpected happened. Greg had made the executive decision that John was big enough to heat his own warm milk in a skillet, which, as it turned out, had been a slight miscalculation (maybe he shouldn’t make executive decisions when he had no idea what the fuck he was doing, but that was just an afterthought). It wasn’t that hot and John didn’t severely burn his hand- just a little bit on the skillet, but it was enough to throw him off balance. He cursed loudly at his stupidity and just like that he felt himself slipping up into an in-between-mindset (which annoyed him even more than his clumsiness). He clutched his hand and cursed some more. Greg- who had been occupied with coffee- was at his side in a flash, turning the heat off and prying John’s fingers from his tight grasp around the burned spot.
“It’s a little weekend. John and I thought it might be a good opportunity to try out the babysitting, if you’re still up for it.”
He was sitting in front of Sherlock’s queen-sized bed (too deep into his irrational fears of another accident to dare getting
The frown (which Greg feared would be permanently engraved at his face at this rate) deepened considerably.
. John bit his lip, wondering where that sudden impulse came from. He had never…been dressed before. And, perhaps more importantly, Sherlock had never put him in a pull-up (hadn’t even seen him in one, as established before). This was… kind of a big step…? But it also kind of… wasn’t? Dwelling too much on it made John’s head hurt.
. Looking at John touched a sore nerve within Sherlock; it arose the desire within him to care for John like he deserved to be cared for; to cherish him, to make sure he was well and happy and content.
“It’s nothing, I just didn’t pay attention,” the doctor mumbled, not really understanding why he tried to make Greg mother-hen less about him, when that was the premise of the whole babysitting-thing. “I’m being fucking stupid,” he concluded, not sure himself if he referred to the small injury or the change in his own behavior. Either way, it felt like suddenly there was this whole hole of self-consciousness again, swallowing him. He was an
It had started out good. Great, actually. After the morning at Greg’s, Sherlock and John discussed some rules and boundaries for their age-play dynamic- a conversation, which John left feeling very reassured and understood by his partner. He had stayed little the whole day before that and felt refreshed in a way he hadn’t in a long time. The desire to be little subsided the following week, with having busy but gratifying work days and lovely date-nights with Sherlock, who poured all his attention onto their relationship, because of the total lack of cases.
Greg probably thought he was talking about sex. It couldn’t even be farther from the truth: Not only did John not have even the slightest problem with the physical component in their relationship (although
As the DI passed the guest room on the way back to his bedroom, he heard shuffling on the other side of the door and low noises that sounded a tad too distressed for his liking.
“And not broken, like me,” he added quieter, his eyes focusing on his fingers, which he clenched and unclenched anxiously.
They were a mere hour away from sun-down and the wind was picking up. Certainly not the place or time to stop, to rest, to
He arrived at the pub and opened the door- warmth and the earthy smell of ale welcoming him. He located Greg quickly, at a booth near the bar, nursing a pint and watching a soccer game on one of the TVs hanging from the ceiling.
Deductions about John usually didn’t lead to this favored outcome. At the beginning of their relationship, Sherlock had formed certain beliefs about the doctor that transcribed themselves into every aspect of said relationship.
But it was a theory, nothing more, an abundance of hypothesizes formed in the safety of his own mind,
But he also didn’t want to wet the bed when Greg was staying overnight. This was the kind of humiliation which almost sent him into a panic attack while just thing about it. He couldn’t… he just couldn’t, nope, not an option.
Sherlock bit the inside of his cheek and tried to push the consuming feeling of guilt to the back of his mind. Dwelling about his mistakes wouldn’t help the situation. He would have to take positive action; things went awry, and the past couldn’t be changed, but the present was ready to be molded and improved.
He squinted at his phone while he drank his water, checking for new texts. Sherlock had texted him about two hours ago, informing him that he should keep an eye on John’s intoxication levels. Greg found it weirdly endearing that Sherlock was so invested in John’s well-being. It was strange, seeing the otherwise distant and cold detective so attentive and gentle.
Momentarily, it looked like John was ready to fight it some more, but instead, he surprised Sherlock once again: “I don’t want to hide from Greg.”
What if their relationship had always designed to end like this: Just a fling, just a game until Sherlock caught the next thrill of adventure, of mystery; a romance with a termination date?
John washed his hands and willed the feeling of inadequacy as far down as he could. When Greg mentioned it, he had realized he really needed to go, bad enough that he might have lost control if he waited much longer. He tried not to feel defeated by this, but he really, really was. Ella had been nice about it (not even acknowledging that John wanted to
that John felt his resistance slip and his desire to just let himself fall into this new, weird, intriguing aspect of their friendship grew.
He gave John a pointed look, which John was familiar with from countless pub-crawls and brunch meetings. He wouldn’t be able to resist the grin tugging on his lips if he tried.
Greg’s gaze wandered over Sherlock’s face a few seconds longer, before he sighed and knocked on the door twice. Then, he made way, so Sherlock could push the door open.
or at least had a strong suspicion, but still. It was different actively telling him from passively accepting that Mycroft was aware of every detail of his life.
“I’ll do without any criticism, thank you very much. If I’m having a semi sleepless night, I’ll might as well embrace it.”
John had tackled a guy outside of Sherlock’s sightline, which lead his bad leg to be heavily bruised, probably swollen. Anyhow, it hurt like a bitch and walking around in the cold did nothing to improve its state.
Rationally, they both knew that putting on a pull-up was by far one of the lesser ‘scary’ experiences John had made in his life with Sherlock, but it did the trick of easing the rest of John’s tension. He soaked up the words of praise eagerly, happy to please his Daddy, happy to please Sherlock.
Sherlock started massaging his partner’s scalp. “I’ve had many hard times with Greg, before you came into my life. There were many things I struggled with, many things I was ashamed to be honest about, but… Greg’s always been there for me.”
He caught Sherlock’s hand before he was out of the door. Said Sherlock stared at it in mild bewilderment.
“I’m sorry for lashing out at you like that. It wasn’t… I shouldn’t reflect my insecurities on you; it’s neither fair nor justified.” He paused, considering the situation they were in. “I’m sorry I ran away and made you worry. I’m sorry that you had to drive through half of London just because I’m…”
“It’s a good look on him,” the DI commented (and made a mental reminder to send the selfie to John’s phone later).
The phone pinged again: ‘I miss you, too. Especially now. This conference is so BORING.’ Attached to the message was a selfie from Sherlock, apparently sitting on the background on a stage of a very fancy venue. He was making a silly face. John chuckled and nudged Greg against the ribs so that his friend would see how silly his Daddy was. He felt Greg’s chuckle rumble deep in his chest.
, I’m aware that it is due to my- as you so charmingly put it- ‘lack of verbal filter’; but instead of whining maybe you could at least try to keep up while I’m making a valuable attempt to get us out. Of. These. Fucking. Woods.”
John played with his fingers, at a loss for better things to say. His stomach was in knots and his arms and legs felt tingly, and it was like his head itched for something. John wasn’t quite ready to admit to himself what it was.
. It was a delicate subject to breach now, and it definitely needed more discussion that they could have early in the morning in Gregory Lestrade’s guest room.
“John?” The detective prompted not unkindly, after his question was met with silence. He looked down and caught sight of the rosy color of John’s cheeks. Something about accidents (or god forbid, those pull-ups) then. It was the most likely thing to cause such a high amount of embarrassment, no matter if John was big, little, or in-between headspaces.
It was that exact moment in which Sherlock realized that he slithered into the whole age-play endeavor tremendously unprepared, despite the amounts of research he had done. His sole focus had been on comfort and fun, but- as he now realized- these were just some parts of the whole deal. He honestly didn’t know if he could offer that sort of guidance which only now dawned on him.
that voice. It wrapped the tentative request in a blanket of comfort, which the doctor didn’t resist- partly because he didn’t really want to.
Please comment and leave kudos and bookmarks however your heart desires. I'm excited to hear your feedback <3 Take care, y'all!!! :3
John Watson so broken and vulnerable took him by surprise in the worst kind of ways. He knew that John wasn’t alright. He didn’t know John was so poorly.
“Stop calling them stupid already, they’re not. They’re sweet. There’s nothing wrong with wanting to be… taken care of.”
“Sherlock, you really shouldn’t stay,” he gritted out between his teeth. The sheer thought of speaking the words aloud, of addressing the fact that he had not only
“It can be whatever you want,” the DI replied, ruffling his friend’s already tousled hair (it had grown a little longer over the past months. John usually kept it styled and neat, but now it was wildly standing up in all directions).
He bit his lip, would Greg think that he was a baby, now? It were two different things; knowing what age-play
John giggled to himself and Greg melted into pile of mush. Little John, who was now fully in headspace, was just adorable.
As if struck, John jerked out of his thoughts and looked down (to check what he was wearing again, most likely, which was simply adorable). His cheeks colored and Greg had the feeling that the reality of being in headspace, of allowing another person to see this intimate part of him, hit John in that very moment. The little doctor nodded in acknowledgment and muttered an almost inaudible “thanks”, but his eyes flickered briefly to Greg’s face, as if to check if absurdly this would be the moment where Greg decided that this whole age-play thing was too crazy for him. Greg fought the urge to roll his eyes. Only John Watson could manage to have a mental crisis over a cardigan and a graphic tee.
Dinner went by uneventful and (relatively) clean. Greg occupied himself with the dishes while the little doctor lounged around on the couch, pretending to watch some interior design show on the telly, when he really just waited for Greg’s phone (placed on the coffee table for immediate access) to ring.
And made Greg take notes, like he was some absolute idiot, who couldn’t hold onto the most basic facts. All things considered, that was probably how he appeared to Mr. Genius, the DI mused as Sherlock waltzed to the door.
Sherlock inconveniently remembered at that very moment, that they hadn’t been reading for the last three days. Something akin to dread settled in his heart.
“And… I’m sorry to announce it, but you’re not the father, Brian!” the talk show-host went on to console the now-not-father-to-be.
He settled for the next best thing: “Sherlock’s too much sometimes, y’know? Overwhelms me with-“ he waved his hands around in a nonchalant fashion- “stuff.”
The fear of wetting- at its most basic level- was a fear of loss of control, of vulnerability. Ella had told him (for he had had phone conversations with her, conversations he kept from John out of fear of upsetting his partner). To be anxious enough to surrender to an action he was so unsure about, so ashamed by, was highly unlikely for a strong-willed person like his John.
But John was also wavering on the edge of being little. (Not an entirely surprising turn of events, all things considered.)
John closed the laptop with more force than necessary and sprang out of his chair, like he was either readying himself to fight Sherlock or to bolt out of the living room. The detective wasn’t sure which he’d prefer at this point.
“I figured it would ease some of your worries regarding… nightly accidents when you’re little.” (which John had, he couldn’t deny that, but he would rather bite off his tongue than giving Sherlock the satisfaction of being right) “I- I apologize, I didn’t plan on bringing them up until you’re a bit more comfortable with-“
The DI didn’t expect company and thus greeted John warmly, which made the doctor feel calmer immediately. Screw Sherlock, screw age-play, screw pull-ups. He didn’t need
The doctor was gracelessly sprawled in his chair-not haven taken off neither his shoes, nor his jacket-and just sat and massaged his injured leg with jerky movements.
They parted mere inches for air- John’s shuddering breath washing in warm, wet waves over Sherlock’s lips. The battle of headspaces was momentarily laid to rest.
part within him- a part he didn’t know existed. He’d been called a machine enough times to believe that he had to be- but John made him discover the heart that was still beating inside of him; made him feel raw and alive and
He didn’t know what to type, the heightened emotional state made his brain slightly hazy. So, he settled for a straight-forward approach: ‘Hi D-’ (here, he hesitated over the keys, unsure if the direct address would only serve to worry Sherlock. He didn’t want that.)
‘But I have to go now, darling.’ John’s mood faltered a little in disappointment. They barley started texting!
John needed this. Sherlock could see it written all over his face. So, he would give it to him. He wasn’t the caring type, but he cared for John; he cared for John
The doctor buried his face in the soft pillow as he was hovering somewhere in-between headspaces, groaning; mad at himself and embarrassed and just generally miserable.
He felt worry suddenly pulling at his stomach but tried to ignore it in favor of considering the choices Daddy gave him. Choices were good, he always liked them. He liked choosing what kind of book they read or which ice-cream they would order as dessert. He liked that he had a choice about the pull-up, too. He had been so scared to be pressured into something he didn’t like at all. But the choices allowed him to be as independent as he wanted without the worry and pressure that came with thinking about options in the first place.
But Sherlock didn’t know that, because Sherlock hadn’t even looked at John closely enough today to deduce anything (there was be a hell lot to deduce) about John’s state; which hurt the pride of his partner enough to be stubborn about it and not tell him he was injured (or minutes away from a very humiliating breakdown).
John needed him to be in control, to take the lead (although normally the doctor was the driving force in their every-day-lives), to make sure everything would be alright.
Greg was roaring with laughter, because little John (and there was no doubt that his physical exercise had successfully helped John to slip fully into his little headspace) was the cutest thing.
“I miss Sherlock,” John admitted then, because he couldn’t stop himself (and because he was sure that Greg would be nice and kind about this, too). Still, he couldn’t bring himself to use the word “Daddy” in front of Greg.
slightly different about his friend turn boyfriend (a title that gave Sherlock immense satisfaction to think about. He hadn’t been overly interested in relationships since his early twenties, but John was everything one could desire in a partner and more, so he was proud to say that John was the exception to his ‘relationships are a nuisance’-approach).
But now, it had been four weeks already and John started to experience a deep longing in his heart, that manifested in sadness and frustration whenever he sat down to eat his dinner alone, trotted in front of the telly alone, and fell asleep very alone.
John felt the heavy timbre of the detective’s morning voice vibrate against his own chest. It was a pleasant sound; like a warm blanket or sweet honey. It wrapped itself around John and calmed every last trace of worry left in John’s heart. All that was there was fondness now and trust.
Shuffling indicated that Sherlock had pulled his partner in for another hug, holding him protectively against himself. Greg was hyper-aware that he witnessed and extremely tender and vulnerable moment between them and felt humbled.
The choice of words had been deliberate, inching slowly but surely towards this thing between them that had been there ever since John had had his accident. The waiting game was over. Trial and error.
While nightmares had always left John nervous and agitated, they had never caused him to cry before. Sherlock could count the occasions he had seen his friend cry on one hand; the ones where John was actually aware Sherlock watched him were even fewer. It was an emotional display that was so unusual for the doctor, that it made the detective uneasy for the split of a second.
There was a slight hitch in his friend’s breathing and John realized belatedly that he had referred to Sherlock as “Daddy” instead of using his name like he had the whole time before. But it was true. It wasn’t Sherlock he wanted right now. It was Daddy. And he wanted to make sure that Daddy was alright, as irrational as his fear might appear.
When he emerged from a way too hot shower thirty minutes later, his mind was still kinda hazy, but at least he was out of his wet pants.
He couldn’t, he couldn’t even remember (but he remembered, almost violently, how absolutely undone John had been the night they had entered their new dynamic; how on edge John had been after ten days with the bare minimum of affection. To think about how he must be feeling now, after
Watching John reach for a yellow crayon, Greg felt quite good about himself. He was fairly confident that giving John some space to engage in some activities himself was the right choice here, as his friend seemed to be too self-conscious to engage in much conversation at the moment.
, but it got mixed up with so many negative emotions that most days it seemed like they gained less than they lost.
They were sitting by the fire at Baker Street, well after midnight, searching through police reports and witness’ interviews. Sherlock knew John had the early shift, because Sherlock persuaded him to not call in sick, because Sherlock knew that his partner took his job as a doctor seriously (Because Sherlock tried, with all of his might, to be the best possible boyfriend that he could be, while still being the genius consulting detective he was).
Sherlock exhaled slowly, deliberately. The thing was, in a spark of the moment decision, Sherlock had decided to bring a pull-up along
Part of him wanted to yell at Sherlock to get the fuck out, that he was invading his privacy; that this was way too intimate and that he didn’t want to share it with
At this, John sighed and rubbed his hands over his still tear-stained face; resurfacing out of the surreal haze he had been under since he had woken up to a wet bed.
Until John turned around, with these big, young eyes now fixed on him, shining with something Sherlock dared to call relief, and threw himself in his partner’s arms.
Greg watched the younger man purse his lips and tilt his head slightly to the side. It was rare, seeing Sherlock deliberately choosing his words; the DI got much more accustomed to the version of Sherlock that was loud, with basically no verbal filter. Whatever this was about, it had to be important, otherwise Sherlock would have already spilled, frustrated at even having to spell out some things, because everybody around him couldn’t keep up with his fast-paced thoughts.
John didn’t know and couldn’t tell, and everything hurt- especially breathing, the cold air piercing his lungs like tiny ice-needles. He wanted to be
The night before had been an absolute nightmare and had John feeling in-between and vulnerable all day (which, now that he thought about it, could be the reason why the guy had gotten so close to him to actually hurt him in the first place).
The skin peeking out from the jacket sleeve was dry and ashen, so John hadn’t been sleeping well, either. The more signs of obvious self-neglect Sherlock discovered, the more worried he became.
His partner had held his head bowed, and only when Sherlock took a tentative step towards him, John lifted his chin and their eyes locked. Red-rimmed. Puffy. Dry skin. Blotchy redness around the pronounced dark circles.
The movement stopped abruptly, which was, somehow, even more worrying.  It indicated that John had been jostled awake by whatever memory and/or nightmare was plaguing him. Sherlock listened for the tell-tale signs of John’s after-nightmare-routine, the one he was still familiar from the days where his friends’ PTSD had been a much bigger problem than it was now. At least, had been. John had been doing better. Now, he was doing worse.
These words, although vivid and strong in his mind, didn’t leave his lips. He feared that their finality, their truth, their vulnerability and strength would be too much for the given time. But he tried to pour everything he felt into his next words:
His bladder throbbed, and John clambered his legs together, stubbornly telling his body to calm the fuck down. He knew that he didn’t need to
“Like what, love?” John was shuddering at the nickname, since Sherlock didn’t usually use nicknames.
“The speech is scheduled for five pm,” Sherlock said for the forth time since Greg arrived, “I’ll call you before bed. I’ll text Greg once I’ve arrived in Cardiff.”
John had his face half-buried in a pillow and peeked at Sherlock warily. The genius immediately recognized that John was coiled tight like a spring; anxious energy radiating off his posture. His body, despite the comfortable position it should be in, was moving constantly, unable to relax.
The way John worried his lower lip between his teeth reminded Greg of all the times big John had done the same in uncomfortable situations. John had been so stable and happy in his headspace before, Greg would dread if he was pushed out of this carefree state over something so miniscule.
. Then again, John Watson had always known how to push his buttons. How to touch his heart. How to make him
He gave John a triumphant smirk and ruffled his hair. “In fact, being dumb sounds quite lovely! I should try it myself.”
“Look, Sherlock, can’t you just leave me alone? You’ve been really great at that the last couple of days, after all.”
. He was a burden. He was slowing them down. He was slowing Sherlock down. How long until Sherlock would stop humoring him about this little game? This silly little game. Child’s play.
Disoriented and slightly panicked from being pulled from his slumber so violently, the DI blindly reached for his nightstand, knocking over a lamp and his reading glasses, before his fingers closed around the screaming device.
John sank against the soft leather seat like a dead weight. Sherlock picked up the faintest crinkle of the pull-up and made another decision.
Sherlock didn’t look after John. Sherlock didn’t help John. Sherlock was a self-centered bastard, and John was his selfless, caring doctor, blogger, and friend.
“What time is it?” Sherlock asked, leaning back against the armrest and placing a warm hand above John’s kneecap.
First, there was the obvious betrayal and confusion that came with Sherlock’s ‘resurrection’, then came the confusion and betrayal of his ‘wife’ being a cold-blooded assassin and his ‘unborn child’ being nothing but a scam.
Maybe it would help John to settle comfortably into little space by the time their dinner arrived, so they could fully enjoy a quiet evening.
Sherlock stepped behind John’s chair and took the jacket off him (John let himself be manhandled), before kneeling in front of him to take off his shoes. John just looked at him blankly, his eyes half-lidden.
He was at John’s side in a flash, wrapping himself around his partner- who was shaking and fighting off his headspace with all of his might- like a blanket, hoping to create a cocoon of warmth around them.
The detective had been worried sick the minute John left the flat; annoyingly irrational fears and insecurities tormenting him, making it impossible to concentrate on anything else besides John and the argument.
The outburst was sudden and violent, and right after it happened, John started sobbing again. Sherlock felt terrible.
The John in question shuffled a little with his feet and still refused to look at Greg, but instead of making this even harder on both of them, pointed at the coffee table, which was scattered with some coloring books and crayons (of course. Sherlock would never leave anything to chance).
But Baker Street was far away, and the bed was comfy. He didn’t want to go home. He liked staying at Greg’s. Greg was his friend and he made the best breakfast. John felt comfortable with Greg.
Sherlock chose that exact moment to enter the scene. “Sorry for keeping the groceries unsupervised, Mycroft was being tedious and-“
They hadn’t been sharing a bed before. Sherlock found it difficult to breach the subject, considering he was the one with the off sleep-schedule, that surely didn’t match well with some expectations one might have when sleeping with your partner. Although, he would admit, the few hours of sleep he did get since they became a couple, he wished he had shared with John. But he just wasn’t good with conversations like that, so he let it slide, figuring it would evolve organically eventually. It looked like he was right, yet again. Because after the very first of their reading sessions, it was like a switch had been flipped.
“I can do it,” he tried to protest weakly, but didn’t make a move to actually remove anything himself.
And John- well John might have been in Liverpool as well, judging by the amount of help he was offering to get out of this situation. It had been Sherlock’s fault, admittedly. But Sherlock always could rely on John to get him out of trouble, to take on any new adventure with a fond sigh of exasperation and a clear head. John was a soldier. Would be a good timing to pull out some of those soldier survival skills to help them find their way out.
John also knew, on some level, that he should be angrier with Sherlock than he was. He had been…not very good to him. For… a long time.
This wouldn’t have happened if Lestrade had been with them. Lestrade would have still given them a ride home (and would have chided Sherlock gently about his behavior in the safety of his car, reminding him that not everybody was a genius and that he needed to be patient with them; but also that he did good- and Sherlock would suck up the extra-praise greedily, because he thrived of being excellent and
John’s voice was tight and different; Greg didn’t recognize it. It was also faint and small and barely audible through the door.
“I’m sorry,” John whispered again; urgently, anxious to get his point across, like Sherlock would be mad at him if he didn’t. What an obscure concept.  “I didn’t mean to. It just… happened. I would never mean to….”
Sherlock swallowed the nauseous feeling of guilt down once more. He was supposed to be relived at finally hearing John’s ‘little voice’, but it only made the pained confession so much worse.
John eyed the floor and pulled at his shirt, subconsciously covering his mid-section although he hadn’t even taken his trousers off.
The moment his face was buried safely in the crook of his partner’s- his Daddy’s?- neck, the words broke out of John like a flood; heavy, and jumbled, and unstoppable.
While waiting, the detective tried to show a calmness he didn’t feel, to give John a stronger sense of security, indicating him that he wasn’t mad at him (quite the contrary at this point; if anything, Sherlock was still mad at himself); no matter how this moment between them would play out.
Only that home shouldn’t feel like this. Sherlock wanted to offer John the home he needed so badly after all these horrible months; wanted to create the safe-space that the doctor graved so much that it was so blatantly obvious, not even Anderson would be able to miss it.
Which, when you thought about it, was a completely reasonable assumption when it came to Sherlock. He wasn’t hiding his ticks very well in moments like these.
, when John fell asleep. Sherlock would never admit it, but he got so charmed by the story that he didn’t turn off the movie. It was the first time they were watching something that was ‘age-appropriate’ and Sherlock secretly hoped it would become a regular occurrence. He was kind of hooked on Disney movies now).
It was these words that more than anything touched Sherlock’s heart with such intensity, that he thought it might burst. What a privilege, what a joy, to lay here with the man he loved, the man he had betrayed, the man he had lied to, the man he had lost- to have this man trust him, with this, with all of himself- Sherlock thought he might weep, if he wasn’t careful. To have John Watson’s love and trust was a privilege he thought he’d never be granted again. To have it was almost overwhelming, exhilarating, dazzling. The intensity of him own emotions made him light-headed.
When Sherlock emerged a while later, the DI was deeply immersed in some late-late-night talk show he found on the telly.
When they turned from flat mates/work partner/ friends to boyfriends and lovers, Sherlock had predicted a major crisis in one way or another. John- being so concerned with his impression on others- had clung to his heterosexuality as a form of independence from Sherlock, since they had been glued to the hip (him seen as Sherlock’s inferior side-kick) from the very first day. When it didn’t come in the privacy of their living quarters, Sherlock suspected it would occur upon their first public outing as a romantic couple, on the day Lestrade had remarked that they were much cozier than usual. Sherlock had readied himself for solid denial or at least some token embarrassment; but John had just pulled him in by the waist and declared that they “might as well make it official right away.”
Still; when John stormed off enraged, Sherlock was left home alone to wonder, whether he not only was a bad Daddy, but a bad boyfriend, as well.
“Most of the time I don’t even know what I’m doing. Nothing’s perfect. Nothing’s the way John probably pictures it; nothing’s like how he deserves it, it’s just-“
“What are you reading about sea creatures for?” John asked, but the intended tease did nothing to mask the tone of interest and…
In pretended nonchalance, Greg reached for the remote and settled more comfortably against the cushions (he had the feeling he might be here a while) and flickered through the channels until he settled for a cheery-looking morning show. The chitter-chatter of the program and the soft tapping of rain against the windows provided a soothing background noise and the budding domesticity appeared to be on the right side of ‘enough to be comfortable, but not too much to be overwhelming’.
John was tossing and turning in bed; unable to make his mind shut up. He was feeling dreadful and it had nothing to do with the alcohol.
to be little. And Ella had said that it was important to acknowledge those feelings, that it was important to be honest.
Another shake of the head, this time punctuated with an almost inaudible groan. In an attempt to soothe his distressed partner, Sherlock started to caress over his back; beginning at the top of his neck in even, long strokes down to his flanks and back up again.
Sleep’s insistently pulling Sherlock under as well, but he was resisting it for a couple more minutes, in favor of looking down at the sleeping figure of his boyfriend.
By the time Sherlock pulled the plug, John was so comfortable with himself that he allowed Sherlock to rub him dry with one of their ‘good’ towels (the big, soft ones). His Daddy tried to be polite and not look, but John knew that he was eyeing his bits and leg with concern. He wasn’t very good at hiding his frown.
Despite the intimate conversation they were having minutes ago, Greg was completely taken aback by the sudden confession.
with this, it was blatantly obvious from the way his posture suddenly sagged in on itself. Greg could only imagine how it must feel to trust somebody else with this part of one’s own personality. It wasn’t like Greg cared either way if John sometimes had bathroom troubles or not, but he knew that John cared about what other people thought of him, an awfully lot. John Watson was at his core a very proud person and admitting having problems with bladder control must feel like admitting defeat. Sherlock had told him that John had developed a down-right fear of being perceived as baby-ish. And the thing with the pull-ups was undoubtedly feeding into that fear.
John shivered a little but hugged him back with as much strength as he could muster. His breath turned a little uneven and wet, but Sherlock pretended not to notice. Instead, he laid his cheek on top of John’s head and swayed them slightly, to calm his distressed little love down.
Sherlocks ears picked up shuffling from the room nearby, and he suddenly remembered something really important.
Either way, it meant trouble for Greg, so the DI felt a small thrill run up his spine when he pressed the phone clumsily against his ear.
That would be absolutely dreadful, because he came completely unprepared about the proper ways to argue with a loved one. He could be hurtful and cold, and he didn’t want to be that towards John, not ever again.
“I told Greg,” he then murmured quietly, immediately adding a sense of authority around himself; which squashed John’s excitement a bit.
Which was precisely the reason why Sherlock loved him madly and was infuriated with him at the very same time.
John’s eyes met his. “You’ve done worse.” There was a small smile curling up the corners of John’s lips, but there was a lingering sense of accusation in the statement. All well-deserved, evidently.
Sherlock’s mind was reeling. They really hadn’t been going at this the right way at all. Some fine Daddy he was.
Maybe, one day, when John was okay with it, he would tell Mycroft. He had not even an ounce of doubt in his body that Mycroft already
John couldn’t even bring himself to think it; Ella had explained to him how wide the scope of age-play could reach, and he had been humiliated just hearing about it. It wasn’t…
Sherlock turned his head and smiled at his partner, who was nursing a tea and had apparently aged up quite a bit. It looked like he was no longer wearing a pull-up, though his cross-legged sitting position indicated that he wasn’t fully big either.
John opened his mouth as if to deny calling Sherlock by this title, but closed it again, when he realized that Greg had in fact witnessed him calling Sherlock exactly that on multiple occasions. Instead, he just nodded meekly. It really was. Sherlock had been the common ground for every single experience he ever had with age-play. Not having him around while slipping into head-space was…. strange (And a little bit scary).
Sherlock wasn’t very good in controlling his emotions, always drawn to extremes- either feeling too much or nothing at all. Ever since he met John- had been with John- he was feeling constantly. Overwhelmingly.
He wasn’t uncomfortable around Sherlock, not anymore at least. Sherlock knew every part of his body (quite intimately; the mere notion made him blush in his current fragile mind-set). They had been naked around each other enough, it would really be kind of silly to be shy around him.
It would serve to confirm things, once and for all. But- then again- what if he was wrong? Would they be able to… overcome this? Or would their relationship… break?
“I didn’t want you to know,” he murmured against the warmth, feeling light and miserable at the same time. He had wanted Greg to take care of him. Nevertheless, he had trouble with accepting what this would entail, even if it was Daddy and him. This…this was a very big step. And very scary, too.
For the rest of this day (and, as far as Sherlock had a say in this, the whole of the following day), he would make up lost time and lather John in all the affection and attention he deserved and had been denied far too long.
“We could have something delivered from Angelo’s tonight. Something hearty and rich, with wine and tiramisu. How’s that sound? Or would you prefer something else?”
Again, Sherlock was, by no means, completely inept in the sentiment department; he knew more about feelings than the people around him gave him credit for. He just usually didn’t care about them enough to let them interfere with his day-to-day life.
the final straw. It took all of John’s energy to not just loose it right then and there. It was a pretty close call.
The tossing and turning in the upstairs bedroom became impossible to ignore. Sherlock Holmes was not a person to use such exaggerations lightly, however, in this case, it was very fitting. He literarily could
“Daddy?” he whispered, standing stock-still and unsure, obviously looking for guidance and validation during this completely new experience. Two reassurances, Sherlock was very happy to provide (although, granted, at this point he wasn’t sure anymore what the hell they were doing, but that didn’t matter).
John gave him a weak smile despite himself, before he cleared his throat, trying to bring his chaotic thoughts in order. The alcohol and empty stomach made him slightly drowsy. Maybe he was a little bit drunk. Nothing to worry about, though, he held his liquor well.
“Sure,” Sherlock mumbled, before sighing, and focusing his attention to the wall. “Alright, so. It all started when…”
Not even five minutes in, John shuffled again, this time turning slightly and scooting further down, until his face was comfortably pressed against the small swell of Sherlock’s stomach, while his head rested on one of the detective’s strong thighs. John was a comfortable weight against him, nimble fingers toying idly with the hem of his blue robe, warm breath gathering against his abdomen.
The detective gave him a pointed glare, with one perfectly raised eyebrow. “You’re tired right now. It’s blatantly obvious.”
John frowned at him like he whole-heartedly disagreed but, after a moment of consideration pursed his lips. “Ella says it’s good. To be comfortable. To be… honest.”
“Good boy,” Sherlock praised gently, like he knew John liked. Just like that, John was fully little, all traces of big John momentarily vanishing from his face.
He changed his approach. He shook off his coat, threw it over a kitchen chair, and sat down on the armrest of John’s chair (which the doctor accepted, but didn’t make a move to initiate more contact).
When the call was coming to an end (he could tell by the way John scrunched up his nose and his tone lost some of its enthusiasm), he ruffled the little doctor’s hair, so he wouldn’t feel so bad about it.
But Sherlock was so excited yet again- after going quite some time without any decent cases- John just didn’t have the heart to ruin this for him.
They played well into the afternoon, enthralled by the games’ charm and each other’s friendly company. The relentless pitter-patter of rain and the smell of pancakes still lingering in the air created a cozy atmosphere. Greg mentally congratulated himself on a job well done (so far). As expected, he and John got along well no matter if big or little and Greg had to admit himself that he was having a lot of fun hanging out with his little buddy (and secretly already hoped that he’d get the chance to interact with little John more often from now on).
Sherlock crossed the room immediately and wasted no more precious time. He wrapped his little doctor in a tight hug, tugging John’s head safely underneath his chin, letting him bury his face against the familiar fabric of Sherlock’s scarf.
“I’m trying, I really, really am- but it’s not working all the time and I...I couldn’t sleep ‘cause I missed you, but not sleeping’s making me feel yucky and- and the longer ‘m not sleeping, the more I think about nightmares and what if… what if I have ‘nother accident and you’re not there- I’m sorry, this is so stupid, I’m so so sorry- I shouldn’t be such a baby and miss reading and cuddling but I am … and and...”
When Greg passed him to make himself another cup of coffee; John reached up instinctively, wrapping his arms tightly around the middle of a very surprised looking DI.
“I’m sorry for being difficult,” his voice was muffled, but it was blatantly obvious that he was already slipping again, only a trace of big John lingering in his tone.
Mycroft was surprised when his brother didn’t call to bargain but to ask for a quick ride home. Mycroft’s usual sharp tone softened considerably when Sherlock explained that they were lost and John was too hurt to walk any longer. Sherlock knew that despite all the terrible things that had happened between them, despite the petty feuds and the childish rivalry- at the end of the day, he could count on his brother. It had always been that way and it would always be that way. Just the thought had been enough to keep Sherlock from losing hope whenever things went from tough to really horrible. Mycroft had his back.
He had never heard Sherlock admit to having insecurities before. He knew they were there- the lanky detective was just human, after all- but he never thought he’d see the day where Sherlock swallowed his pride and be honest about them.
John pressed his lips together tightly, trying to escape his partner’s intense and loving gaze. Sherlock didn’t budge.
“I was under the impression that you and I would benefit from some quality time together, since we spent so much time apart.”
He didn’t even look up from his damn tablet, like it was the most normal fucking thing in the world. John stared at his friend, fighting the rising
Sherlock was already attuned to the small differences in the intensity of John’s little experience: Sometimes, it was more like a more intimate sign of affection between partners, sometimes it was a way to have some light-hearted fun, and sometimes- this time- it was like John craved a break from being an adult. Letting himself fall. Having his Daddy catch him.
“I’m still not convinced everything’s fine. But I trust you, like you asked. Don’t make me regret this decision, Sherlock.”
The very same day, John engaged him in light conversation about Indian take-out. Sherlock felt a lot more relived than he let on; since he silently feared that the incident might have destroyed the fragile bond between them he tried to rebuild. Yet, something was slightly off- John was stealing glances at him now and again when he thought the detective wasn’t looking (he always was), before turning his head away, hiding his reddening cheeks in his own collar. Sherlock found it equal parts endearing and frustrating. John always had been impossible to read, but he had gotten better as he had learned to know (and, as he now admitted to himself in the safety of his own head, love) the army doctor. Everything was trial and error at this point. A waiting game until John just opened up about the curious things going on in his head.
“Sherlock, what the fuck are those?” the doctor asked before his partner could get another word in- gesturing to the package innocently lying on the floor. He then realized he was still clutching the teddy and dropped it to the kitchen table, another wave of embarrassment hitting him hard.
They’d be fine in no time. And then, they still had the whole day ahead of them to do whatever fun activities John’s heart desired.
Sherlock watched in fond admiration as John gave him a sideway glance, his eyes big, and soft, and shiny. He was slowly getting his guard down and Sherlock could hardly wait. He had missed spending time with his little love.
It started with John waking up to a cold bed on a rainy Wednesday morning, with a sticky note attached to Sherlock’s pillow: ‘A five. Back at noon. -SH’.
The doctor, despite the mood he had worked himself into, must have realized that, too, for the first time since Sherlock entered 221 B Baker Street, he looked at him, just for fraction of a second.
Sherlock tried to sound not as relived as he did and failed spectacularly. “You don’t have to. This is not something to be ashamed of.”
A few weeks before, Sherlock had started to buy things especially for these moments when John was feeling little (another terminology he had learned from Ella). Nothing big or anything- more storybooks, and sweets, and coloring books with crayons (John still remembered that afternoon vividly; it was the first time that this between them wouldn’t have to be a sole comfort thing, that it could be a fun thing, too)- just small niceties; things he didn’t think Sherlock had a sense for.
Sherlock thought after that he had figured it out, the reason why John had been behaving so peculiar.
He and John had gotten a little bit drunk and he was already feeling the alcohol taking its toll on his body.
- feeling inside of him made his heart grow and he couldn’t remember the last time somebody had said those words to him, it must have been when he was still a child. A shudder washed over his whole body as he closed his eyes and allowed this bubbly feeling to finally pull him under.
, Sherlock looked forward to spending the rest of the night with John. Falling asleep next to John was a thing he quickly fell in love with; and falling asleep with little John brought a serenity over him that he had hardly ever experienced. There weren’t many moments in his line of work- hell, in his
Greg looked momentarily taken aback at being addressed by the little doctor, but a smile spread over his face as well, almost immediately (Greg’s face with its stubble, and hard edges, and gruff expression looked the best when it was soothed into this easy smile; solely reserved for the people he cared about most).
John flushed and looked at his bear. What, he wondered, was Greg thinking? Was he listening to them? Was he thinking it strange that John was so shy and Sherlock was praising him for doing so little? Was he
Greg was a father of two. Although his girls were grown-up now, he still remembered vividly the gratifying and cleansing effect being able to care for someone in such an innocent and straight-forward way. Of course, this could hardly be compared to the relationship Sherlock just described to him, but, nevertheless, he really understood where they were coming from. It sounded like something both of them benefited a great deal from. And at the end of the day- really- that was all that Greg wished for them.
It hadn’t been his fault (technically) that the case had taken so long and John knew he and The Work were a packaged deal. John never seemed to have a problem with that before.
They never did… a bath before. Or a shower, for that matter. Or… anything involving water and soap, really.
His relationship with John, however, was filled with surprises; surprises that made him question the improvement in the emotional department he had been so very proud of.
Greg got up from the couch and leaned down, wrapping his arms around John’s middle. He felt John exhale slowly against his shirt. They had shared a couple of hugs over the course of their friendship, but not as many as one might believe. Despite his open-hearted nature, John had always shied away from excessive physical contact for reasons Greg couldn’t even being to fathom. But now, he wrapped his arms tightly around Greg’s shoulders and hugged back with such a vigor that it made Greg’s heart grow ten sizes. In a sort of fatherly epiphany (as he would later recall it), the DI remembered a simple trick which always made his girls smile when they were having a hard time with something. It was kind of a stretch, physiologically speaking (ha), but worth a shot (physical fitness was one of the many assets in police work and something Greg prided himself to be excellent in, ‘my body is a temple’ and all that stuff). When the natural end of the hug drew near, instead of letting go, Greg activated his upper body strength and lifted his friend from his sitting position a few inches above the ground. It wasn’t high, all things considered, but he had the element of surprise on his side. John let out a high squeak at the sudden change of scenery before he started to giggle gleefully. Greg grinned to himself and proceeded to do some laps around the living-room, which left the man in his arms in stitches by the time Greg dumped him on the couch.
The next couple of days were draining. As expected, John had been horribly embarrassed the morning after he had his little accident, so much so that he avoided speaking to Sherlock altogether for two whole days.
Instead of answering, John quickly got up on the couch, burying himself and teddy against Greg’s side. His friend was warm and strong, it helped to distance himself from thoughts of his own Daddy being dead which tried to suffocate him. When it was over, Greg’s arms stayed right where they were, holding him close. It made him forget the sad thoughts long enough to enjoy the rest of the movie.
, because I’m me and I’m-“ here he paused and closed his eyes, as if preparing for a slap in the face- “Terrified. Absolutely terrified. What if I ruin this, like I’ve ruined everything else? What if he gets tired of forgiving me?”
The door creaked open and Greg hurried to stand behind John, to be a safe presence immediately available, should the man feel upset by his partner’s departure. Separation anxiety wasn’t a new trouble of John’s, and Greg was unsure how it’ll play out once he was in a more vulnerable mind-set. Better have a bear-hug prepared and ready.
Granted, they were only slowly inching towards the big unknown, with more frequent reading sessions or cuddling when watching movies. John, for the most part shy but openly affectionate, used the new title more seldom than Sherlock would have liked- but he didn’t dare push him, for he himself didn’t know the direction he would be pushing towards.
“What else does it say?” John asked and then stopped himself, clearly embarrassed about his sudden outburst. Sherlock’s heart swelled with affection as he watched his partner lower his head to hide the flaming blush covering his cheeks. It wasn’t usual for John to be shy- then again, nothing in that moment was very usual for the both of them, but Sherlock couldn’t bring himself to care. Now that was John asking for something- in that special tone of voice- Sherlock wouldn’t dream of disobeying to John’s any wish. Especially if it was sweet and innocent like the silent question to be read to some more.
The hold around him tightened. “I know, buddy. Why don’t we have a look if he texted while we’re eating?”
Sherlock was taken aback by the force of the hug but returned it as soon as he regained his footing- holding John’s body as tight as he dared, fingertips digging into the soft wool of his jumper.
Predictably, John tensed, and Sherlock put his palm over the little doctor’s now thundering heart. He looked at Sherlock with big, round eyes that spoke volumes about his emotional state. He then shifted, as if unsure of himself, and Sherlock watched him cringe when the pull-up made a very quiet crinkling noise.
The shame in his voice held more about big John than little John. It wouldn’t be the first time that embarrassment kicked John out of his headspace a bit.
What came as a surprise was the fact that when Greg touched John’s arm and told him it was time to get ready for bed, the little didn’t fight him (Greg had been pretty convinced he would meet quite a lot of resistance).
In short, no crisis at all; and Sherlock was a tiny bit disappointed by that. Only because it meant that he had been wrong, obviously.
You see, a relationship was a fragile thing. More so when a relationship had been battered and broken and fixed as many times as theirs. Nothing could be taken for granted, nothing was guaranteed, never.
He heard a small huff of breath on the other end of the line and a quiet “I wasn’t worried.” that totally sounded like a lie.
Sherlock tried to re-connect with his friend, but it was harder than he had anticipated. John was different now, even he didn’t foresee
When Mary announced her pregnancy (it felt like decades ago), John hadn’t been as happy as he was supposed to be. The prospect of being a father had terrified him; overwhelmed him. He hadn’t been ready. He would never be ready; he couldn’t be a father. Not when he, a man pushing forty, was clinging to a stuffed animal and relied on a younger, much more capable man to
“What I need is therapy,” he mumbled. “Fine,” the doctor told the wall, after another second of silence. He shifted self-consciously, twitching violently in shame when the movement caused a quiet wet sound.
“Why don’t you get changed (here, John blushed, not missing the implication) and I’ll wait for you in the kitchen? You can bring your bear, if you like?”
Sherlock picked up after the first ring, as if he had been waiting with his phone in his hand (Knowing Sherlock, he most likely had).
He bit his lip and willed himself to not slip, although he had been on the verge of slipping for hours now.
down at him. It was almost surreal, but it felt so nice that John wanted to cry (but of course, he didn’t. He had some dignity left. Although it seemed to be fading fast).
He merely nodded a greeting over his shoulder, before concentrating once again on being busy with the food.
At this, Sherlock pulled John’s face from its safe hiding spot against his neck and peppered the distressed expression with long, and loving kisses.
Sherlock didn’t knock, he forgot all about the social niceties in the moment he got that anxious feeling in the pit of his stomach. This anxious feeling increased, until it became a heavy sense of dread, settling over him.
(Ella had told him that he shouldn’t think like this, that he wasn’t a failure because of his desires, that every aspect of his being made him to the valuable character that he was, that he shouldn’t hate himself because of things that made him happy; but Ella wasn’t here now. John was alone. Alone with these thoughts eating away on him, clawing at his self-worth, tearing him to shreds.
“You’re our friend,” Sherlock replied, as if that was reason enough to share such a deep intimate aspect of his life with the DI. Maybe it was.
His expression was enough to file Sherlock in on all the details. John was slightly tipsy, not drunk per se, and more drawn to emotional extremes in his disinhibited state (a trait of intoxicated John that Sherlock came to know fairly early into their friendship). John was also clearly anxious and ashamed about the quarrel they shared earlier that day; a sentiment that Sherlock whole-heartedly related to.
, knocked the breath out of Sherlock’s lungs. Christ. Hadn’t he told Greg he would find a way to fuck this up?)
“Stop saying that you’re sorry. Just don’t do it again.” Despite the confident tone, Sherlock didn’t miss the vulnerability that flickered over his partner’s face.
feeling suddenly bounced around in his chest, that he couldn’t quite place. Something about this moment. Something about Sherlock. Something about all the fucking little things. It did things to him that he couldn’t explain.
It was only a matter of an hour or two until he could properly talk with his Daddy, John told himself, and felt slightly less disappointed that their chat ended so abruptly. But Daddy was busy after all, otherwise Greg wouldn’t be here to babysit. John looked down at his friend’s big weather-beaten hands resting lightly against his shoulders and was overcome by a wave of deep affection. Greg was without a doubt the best person he and Sherlock had in their life (followed by, shockingly, the one and only Mycroft Holmes). The concept of family had always left a bitter-sweet aftertaste in his mouth, with all the disappointment and pressure that usually came with it. But now, with Sherlock and Greg (and maybe Mycroft if he wasn’t a prick), it was just sweet and he was
They sat in silence for several minutes. The friendly atmosphere had shifted to something tenser, John was getting uneasy because he questioned his harsh reaction the more minutes Greg just regarded him silently. He almost started to feel bad. He had yelled at Sherlock. He had been kind of unfair, not letting Sherlock explain his rationale, however overwhelming it might be.
That never happened before. Sure, he had fallen asleep little now and again, but never woken up still in headspace. It must have something to do with the pull-up, of which he only became fully aware of when he concentrated on it. It was still dry (small victories) and soft against his crotch; not at all restricting like he imagined it would be. It was just… warm. And snug. It made him feel… protected. Somewhere behind the sleepy fog over his mind, he realized that he should probably worry about this development; at least it seemed like a reasonable thing to worry about.
John looked up at him like a frightened animal, drawing his knees more closely against his hunched over upper body, to protect himself from those analyzing eyes. Tears were still filling his eyes, making them appear big, and watery, and
“Are we good? For now?” Sherlock prided himself to be a genius, he knew that this conversation was not even close to being over. But there was a time for discussions and there was a time for just doing what felt
John wanted to scream until the pressure around his heart would ease, but he couldn’t; instead, a fresh wave of tears sprung into his eyes- tears of hurt and frustration and a deep sadness that hit him like a slap in the face. Maybe Sherlock didn’t love him anymore.
Something wasn’t… right the way John was fighting him. Like his heart wasn’t really in it. Like he wasn’t really… mad, not mad at Sherlock, at least. He hated that he knew very well how John behaved when that was the case. This however was almost…. Childish?
Although he wasn’t in need of comfort like last time, the detective was satisfied with being able to offer something that his partner enjoyed.
John’s face crumbled once again, and he quickly hid it in his hands. He shook his head violently, as if to deny the situation they found themselves in. Sherlock took another step closer, so that his knees were touching the edge of the bed. He reached out a hand (carefully, aware that it could startle John in his current state) and scratched his friend’s scalp, in what he hoped was a soothing manner.
, why would he, it was an essential part of their age-play by now. He didn’t need pull-ups, strictly speaking. He had the accident thing under control when he was little, at least most of the time. It wasn’t like he did it on purpose or anything… it wasn’t like he didn’t realize it when he had to
The nod was so tiny it could have been easily missed, but Sherlock felt it clear and strong and final against his chin.
“Daddy, look!” he cheered excitedly, all caution momentarily forgotten, when he turned to his Daddy to share his happiness, pointing at the plate.
“And if you’ll ever need a babysitter, I’ll be happy to stick around,” Greg grinned, but not wide enough to reduce his remark to a playful quip.
His head hurt a little from all the conflicted feelings and he momentarily considered aging up just to spare himself further embarrassment.
The doctor sucked in a hard breath when he heard the faint crinkle of the pull-up he wore underneath his clothes, the pull-up which had been wet for approximately ninety minutes. The guy had tackled him mercilessly and he had struggled the whole day, so when a hard blow landed on his abdomen, his bladder had just given way. The utter embarrassment of wetting himself, maybe not on purpose but while being fully
. People had looked up to him, people had trusted him, people had put their faith in him. If they would see him now…
? While Sherlock was in bed with him? He went to use the toilet again, just to be extra sure, but still. No. He would never forgive himself if that happened.
He knocked the grocery bag over completely by accident. He cursed quietly- the bear still tight in his grip- and scrambled to pick up the contents of the bag. He could hear Sherlock wrapping up the call in the other room and doubled his efforts, embarrassed by his unusual clumsiness.
Sherlock opened his mouth, the lines around his eyes crinkling amused, but John didn’t give him a chance to get a word in, because he was already out of bed (almost falling for being entangled in the blankets) and half-way at the door.
Sherlock drew small circles on John’s stomach- an action that John in every headspace experienced as extremely soothing- and spoke softly into the quietness of the room; a low timbre of warmth and affection, laced with fondness: “We could try it. Just for tonight.”
They hadn’t played in ages. He wasn’t ready to let go of the freedom and peacefulness that came over him once he had settled comfortably into headspace.
“God damn it, Cheryl. Why’d you cheat on such a decent bloke?!” Greg asked the tv, before scooping another spoon-full of cereal into his mouth.
, someone as brilliant and strong as Sherlock put up with him- he didn’t know. He was old and broken and a fucking child- a child that was pissing itself after a nightmare, a child that wanted cuddles and its Daddy’s attention.
He believed he already knew the answer (he was Sherlock Holmes, after all), but didn’t trust his intuition as much as he normally would. Previous miscalculation made him pretty insecure about his role. He wasn’t yet sure how to overcome the inadequacy that he felt like a heavy weight on his shoulders.
“Either way, even big boys can be silly and not pay attention. You know that, of course. You are a big boy after all, right champ?” John knew that Sherlock gave Greg an introductory lecture in age-play (and more specifically age-play with him) and although, yes, he was a little bit pissed about it (he could vividly picture Sherlock pressuring Greg to take notes on things that were sensitive and intimate) it now relieved him that Greg
John bit his lower lip. He didn’t want to think these thoughts right now. They were thoughts for big John.
“But…but if I…if I wear them-“ Here, the doctor’s voice cracked, now distinctively older, wavering in-between little and big. He was looking at anything but at Greg.
While Greg cut up some apples and carrots into bite-sized pieces, he remembered something relatively important which he had neglected up to this point. Greg took a deep breath and carefully kept his tone light when he called into the living room, where John was already perched up in a nest of blankets on the floor.
At this, Sherlock stopped his rant to look at his friend surprised. Greg chuckled, amused that both John and Sherlock appeared like deer in the headlights as soon as that word entered the conversation.
However, there was a tension in tonight’s silence that made him uneasy and anxious, so he ignored the possibility of rejection and the increase of awkwardness that would be the outcome of this possibility and headed upstairs.
When Lestrade called with the murder which had lead them to wander around like idiots in a forest, John was pretty fed-up.
Sherlock held onto it like it was the only thing that could make this situation better (it was, probably); he let John hug his mid-section and cradled his head securely.
Sherlock tentatively touched John’s hand that was resting on the leather between them, wrapping his own fingers protectively around John’s. The action, however small it was, brought a tiny smile to John’s tense lips.
Both men just stood and stared at it stupidly for a couple of seconds, the reality of the situation dawning on them.
Sherlock watched with growing admiration, how John first patted the bear’s head hesitantly and after some seconds taking hold of the whole thing, drawing it close, rubbing his cheek against the soft fur.
Sherlock didn’t know why he was even reassuring John about this kind of thing; he and John both were aware that he was very much an adult, nowhere near an infant. But it seemed like the right thing to do; it seemed like the thing John needed to hear. This new discovered side in himself seemed to know what he needed to do, what he needed to offer, to give.
. And, as a front-row spectator the entire time, Greg could attest that there was a thing missing to help them close off the wounds from the past still gaping wide open, infecting every aspect of their lives. Maybe, they finally did find their missing link.
“Fuck you, Sherlock,” John hissed between his teeth, unable to stay another second in this situation. He felt betrayed and misunderstood- Being little was his comfort thing, everybody kept telling him that it was alright that it was his comfort thing and now… now it was turning into something… and Sherlock was just…
“Of course, love,” Daddy’s voice sounded a bit surprised and despite the worry, John had to grin. It was rarely the case that anyone could surprise Sherlock Holmes. He felt
was something that had never happened before. The doctor, even when little, hadn’t expressed the desire to wear a pull-up again. On the contrary, he had been humiliated and ashamed by even the prospect of wearing it (even around the flat, when it was just the two of them). Something of immense proportions must have occurred without Sherlock’s presence that had been enough to shake John’s confidence to the core.
ignore John, even if he went into his mind-palace, his consciousness was too alert; he didn’t manage to be fully absorbed in it.
All big thoughts were immediately dismissed from his mind when he heard the cheery call through the door.
The detective cradled his head securely and shushed him, gently: “Now, now; I’m here, everything’s fine. You’re alright; calm down, love, there’s a good lad…”
It was a very bad excuse. It was so bad that it made Greg smirk. “Really? Who you’re rooting for, then?”
It was just so familiar and domestic- Sherlock still remembered this version of Lestrade from the days when he suffered through endless weeks of drug withdrawal on the officer’s couch. Gregory Lestrade had been his only friend in the world during his troubled youth. In a way, he owed everything he had to the inspector and his stubborn insistence on not giving up on a young, but severely addicted genius- claiming that he saw that Sherlock was capable to great things if he got his life on track. He had been right.
“I’ll be right here,” he mumbled, gesturing to the nearby living room, indicating that he would give them some privacy, but would stay alert nevertheless in case things went awry.
It was a cold night and the doctor buried his hands deeper into his coat pockets as he left the semi-secluded space of the tube station, scolding at Sherlock and the world in general. He had left his phone at the flat on purpose, so Sherlock wouldn’t be able to contact him even if he tried- which, alright, was a little bit childish, but John allowed himself some childishness in this peculiar situation.
He hadn’t meant to overwhelm his partner with the pull-ups, nor did he have the ill intentions on forcing them upon John when he was at his most open and trusting level.
“I was thinking spaghetti and meatballs. My ma had this amazing recipe-“ John, truth be told, wasn’t really listening as they got up and walked into the kitchen. Instead, he took Greg’s hand for a moment and swung their hands together in a carefree manner. The look on his friend’s face was priceless.
He had his job and since the case was a matter of ‘foreign politics’, he wasn’t included in its solving (which was
“In that case, consider this your warning. Do you think some set rules and punishments might help you, to forgive
sad. It reminded him of the crippling depression that was still haunting him to this day, of all the guilt and anxiety and weight on his chest, the reason why he was so broken now, so dysfunctional as an adult that he pretended to be a kid to be alright. Well. Looks like the negative thoughts joined in on the fun of making John feel bad about himself.
Unaware of the title. A slip of the tongue, due to tiredness, perhaps? But these required a specific reason; and his name was not even close to ‘Daddy’ phonetically, nor were there any external stimuli causing the address. Thus, it was much more probable that the word had been existing in association with him in John’s mind, and he was disclosing it due to a lowered verbal inhibition. While on the outside his mind was kicking into overdrive, Sherlock appeared nonchalant. He registered vaguely that John sighed and did lean over to give him a peck on the corner of his lips.
The detective would give everything in the world to help John through these difficult times, he longed for the chance to offer the comfort he knew his friend graved. Because Sherlock had changed during his time in Serbia; above all things his heart grew much more open and accepting, he was ready to drop the ‘sociopath’-charade to allow himself the feelings for those closest to him, the feelings for
The detective eyed his partner calculating, but John turned away, denying Sherlock the possibility to deduce him. His palms were sweaty and itching and he felt light-headed, but not the good kind. He gripped the kitchen table for support, making the wood creak underneath his fingertips.
Sherlock had prompted him for this scenario, so Greg came prepared (he was more and more grateful that he had sacrificed his lunch break for a crash course in age-play 101, although he’d literary eat a vacuum cleaner before he would tell Sherlock).
In that moment, his senses were invaded by everything that was John- the texture of his skin, the smell of his collar, the sound of his heartbeat- and before he could think, before he could do anything really, he made a decision.
2.) He could hear clattering from somewhere in the flat, meaning Greg must already be up, preparing breakfast. That made him quite giddy, he loved Greg’s breakfast!
The DI rubbed over his face and softened his voice, allowing it to be the husky, warm timbre it usually was right after he woke up.
Sherlock looked up, ready to crook an eyebrow at this strange question (John had made it very clear around four months into their time as flat mates, that we wasn’t interested whatsoever in all the different things Sherlock filed away in his mind palace), but stopped when he saw a little something sparkle in John’s eyes. He recognized it instantly from the night they never talked about and
Still, it was going better than expected. It was going great, even. Sherlock found that these moments became something that he craved, too, as a calming balm on his roaring mind- a moment of peace, and affection, and fondness in their otherwise fast-paced lives.
John didn’t last very long; the intense eye-contact and the gentleness which he had lacked for so long proven too much for his exhausted body. The tears he had tried to stop just kept coming, with even more force now.
than in their usual interactions (He knew John trusted him again; they talked about everything and it had been painful and cleansing and Sherlock was so grateful for the second chance John was offering him; so grateful that John started to be himself again around him; so grateful for the soft whispers in the middle of the night; grateful for the way John loved him, with his body and his words and his actions. He was grateful for John.).
. But John didn’t let him. He closed himself off, suspicious of Sherlock’s change of heart and doubting his friend’s sincerity on every step of the way.
Sherlock closed his eyes and smirked slightly, allowing himself another minute or two of just enjoying this moment, before all the guilt he had pushed back yesterday would hit him again with full force. For the moment, he could talk himself into believing everything was fine and that there was absolutely not a huge amount of justified self-loathing coming his way with the speed of a freight train.
Each and every one of them was animal-themed, answering Greg’s question in a non-verbal, but very charming way.
“You should not do anything unless you want to do it.” He finally looked up and John felt less miserable when he only saw kindness in Greg’s eyes. The elephant got off and left (he still missed Daddy, though).
It was maybe two in the morning, when Gregory Lestrade shuffled through his dark flat to get a glass of water.
, because John had been the good kid, the proper kid- not the deviant, the rebellious one like Harry was. Somebody had to do a good job, and John had taken onto the role naturally. Always the good kid, the quiet kid, the grown-up kid.
Sherlock held up his hands in a form of peace offering, failing to keep the small grin off his face.
The rest of the sentence was muffled by Sherlock’s shoulder, as he had pulled his partner into another tight hug.
Prepared to be met with some kind of resistance (since John was incredibly stubborn), the statement threw Sherlock completely off guard, in more ways than one. It was a curious feeling being surprised. He wasn’t very used to it, he usually could read people well, at least to some extent. This, however, this was new.
children, two of them. Turned out just fine.” Sherlock was being far too over-dramatic for his taste. Geez, he was a father and a DI- have some faith.
Sherlock laughed short and happy, ruffling John’s hair. Being able to give John what he needed (and what he himself needed, too) was the most gratifying feeling in the world. Sherlock felt that he wouldn’t be able to stop smiling even if he tried. He was utterly gone on John Watson.
Mister Genius himself preferred to communicate via text messages, too impatient to wait for the verbal responses of his conversation partners. A call from Sherlock usually meant something was off or going awry; like being trapped by a serial killer or almost drowning in the Thames (that had been one of Sherlock’s most remarkable stunts, it deserved a ten on the ‘Deadly stupid, yet infuriatingly brilliant’ scale Greg always kept handy in his day-to-day interactions with the consulting detective).
John closed his eyes and exhaled slowly, obviously trying to find a way to turn this around, to get confirmation of the terrible things his insecurities and anxiety told him to believe. But not even they could compete with the sound logic Sherlock was offering.
In all honesty, he was relived by the turn of events, mainly because it meant John would finally be able to sleep. His partner looked more and more exhausted as the minutes ticked by.
Before John could dwell on whether he liked the idea or not, he was already pulled to the bathroom and the bath was already running. He watched silently when Sherlock poured half the bottle of bubbles into the tub, creating a wall of foam in mere seconds.
Perhaps, this was precisely the reason why the discovery from only minutes prior had stung so much. Why it had made him feel like he had been punched in the gut, why he was still feeling sick with anxiety.
He just wanted John’s little moments, as rare as they had been, to be completely at ease, free from all the worries constantly planted in his mind while he was big.
“Alright, champ, what’s really going on? Why aren’t you sleeping? And no more lies, you’re dreadful at lying.”
He sat up making his joints pop and rolling his shoulder. He couldn’t even remember the last time he had fallen asleep on the couch. His back was protesting, and Sherlock had the insane thought that he was getting old, despite being in his mid-thirties.
“You should,” Greg remarked around his second mouthful. “It sure as hell remembers you,” he added, gesturing to the piece of armrest that was still missing from the time a young Sherlock Holmes, enraged with the world and pained from drug withdrawal, had taken his wrath out on the poor thing. With his
“I don’t know why you’re acting all surprised; you both know that I’m the master of breakfast food,” Greg chirped in around his own bite. It was the first thing he said since John entered the room, and the little doctor was immensely relived that he was neither drawing attention to the fact that John was little, nor to the fact that this whole ordeal wasn’t usual in the slightest. It helped to keep his mind off the uncomfortable thoughts invading his mind just a second ago.
“I’m just going ahead and be offended by that, if you don’t mind. Honestly, Sherlock. We’ve know each other for years-“
The teddy’s fur had the rich color of honey and was soft to the touch, completed with big paws and round button eyes. It was resting atop of some grocery bags (every now and again, Sherlock did the shopping now, another thing John would have never thought possible) in a slightly crooked angle. Without much thought, John made a bee-line to pick it up. He was smiling like an idiot but allowed himself the spark of excitement that bubbled in his veins upon seeing the toy.
, had relied on the easiest explanation like an idiot. Yet all signs pointed to the unusual instead of the usual- all the signs he ignored in favor of stroking his own swollen ego.
Greg sighed and let himself fall back on the bed. It was way too early to deal with Sherlock’s… well, Sherlock-ness. The rush of excitement left him and instead he was hyperaware of how tired he still was.
“I’ll always be your Daddy. And your partner. And your best friend. I’ll always be those things just for you, because you’re my John and that means you’re everything to me. Even if I’m too far in my head to show you, never doubt that you’re everything to me.”
John stared at the rim of his empty glass and wished that he had ordered a re-fill before this conversation.
He had been taught to cry silently if he had to. He had been told to avoid it all costs, because crying was weakness. He had been told to be a brave boy, a brave man, a brave soldier- brave people didn’t cry. He never had allowed Sherlock to see him cry; not even when his PTSD crippled him, not even when that one thug had broken his wrist during a case, not even when he was emotionally vulnerable because he was little. He had allowed himself some dry sobs, yes, and couldn’t stop tears of frustration to gather in his eyes- but he had never allowed Sherlock to
He just wanted to have a quiet night out to watch the game. Never a boring day when the dynamic chaos duo was involved, apparently.
The world narrowed down to this moment between them, all of Sherlock’s focus on John and him, on this bubble around them, on these feelings… these new, and intimate, and wonderful feelings. A wave of a strong emotion washed over the detective, and he buried his face in his partner’s hair, letting the familiar smell calm down his racing heart.
; this was exactly what scared him about age-play, that he would be pushed over his comfort zone forced to give up the control he wasn’t ready to give up and- oh my God, he was overwhelmed and really, really angry.
“Daddy-“ John started again, but caught himself off with a noise that lay somewhere between a sigh and a dry sob.
He followed Greg’s shuffling steps to the guest bedroom silently. The DI lifted his hand to knock on the door, but paused, and turned, to look at Sherlock.
The first thing John became aware of when he gradually woke up was the warmth that surrounded him. The blankets were soft- softer like the ones at home- and a familiar body had wrapped himself around his back protectively. Sherlock’s hands rested on his chest and hip, holding him in a soft, but defined grip. Calm breaths rushed over his neck in pleasant waves. Small bubbles of happiness whirled around in his stomach; waking up with Daddy was the best.
John licked his lips, blinking violently. The whole significance of the situation they were in of what Sherlock just had to witness came crashing down on him. Not only had he wet the fucking bed, he cried about it until Sherlock barged in here like a fucking mother-hen to help him clean up his own fucking mess. Like a god-damn baby.
He could vividly picture the genius laying in bed, going over every little detail of the plans until he felt satisfied and how eager he must have been to call, to check in with him. He was painstakingly familiar with Sherlock’s moods, how little patience he had with things that were important to him.
Sherlock listened to John fidget and fight with himself for another five minutes or so, until he decided to throw the doctor a bone, to see where it would lead:
Shortly after the game started, the bedroom door creaked open, and a very disheveled looking John Watson (accompanied by teddy, wrapped in a blanket cocoon and bare feet) padded over to the couch.
Greg held him in a warm hug; and the teddy was stuffed between them; and Daddy’s hand was a reassuring weight on his knee; and John couldn’t remember being happier or safer.
“John, love?” he started carefully, aware that he was addressing a very sensitive issue for both big and little John. “I think you should talk to Ella again. If it makes you this upset… I know it’s not easy and I know you’re embarrassed, but we might need some extra help to work through this.”
Greg slumped down beside him and let the happiness now pouring out of his friend wash over him. Looks like the old tricks still worked, after all.
A piercing headache shot through his skull as he gathered his jacket, willed his hands to stop shaking and left, without sparing another glare at his partner.
John frowned at the lack of commentary but didn’t disagree with the idea of getting out of the damn forest.
He had John. He had John in a way he never experienced before, a way that left him feel out of his depth most of the time. But he knew, he just did, that he had a responsibility towards his partner, which he disgustingly neglected in the past days. Weeks.
- stop the words from leaving his mouth. They had been the only conscious thought on his mind the moment John started crying- they were his mantra, his blessing, his curse. Theirs.
“Can you sleep next to me tonight?” As soon as the request left his mouth, John realized what he just said. “Wait, no, I’m making this weird, I’m sorry, forget it, I didn’t say anything-“ At this rate, he would be out of headspace in no time. The fuzzy feeling of little-ness already gave way to a clear, adult embarrassment.
The evening had started out so well. He actually had been pretty damn proud of himself. Ella had encouraged him to see his little side as a part of his character, and not as a completely different persona. He came home from the surgery, hearing Sherlock arguing on the phone (with Mycroft, if the level of annoyance in his partner’s voice was anything to go by), when he saw something he knew immediately was meant as a present for little John.
involved food. It became one of the trusty pillars of their friendship, as silly as it sounded. John liked things he could rely on, thing that were always a certain way. It gave him a sense of security in his fast-paced, unpredictable life. And right now. Because despite age-playing for months now, John still had his insecurities around it and they were tenfold when it came to spending time alone with Greg while being little. He had been anxious about it the whole night and the whole morning, although he tried to hide it from Sherlock (as if that was possible), who himself had been a ball of nerves the whole week (John would have found it adorable, if Sherlock wasn’t down-right infuriating when he was nervous). Greg being like he always was and still different helped him a whole lot to get comfortable with this new situation. A tugging in his belly reminded him that he should be insecure or embarrassed about sharing this childish, vulnerable part with anyone who wasn’t Sherlock (or Ella). Trusting people… always had been a struggle. But… it was Greg. And he put real effort into this, which touched John in an unexpected profound matter. He could put some real effort into this, too, John decided. Ignore that stupid voice in the back of his head saying mean, derogatory things.
“John?” he asked into the room, not really expecting an answer. His friend often went non-verbal when he was in any heightened emotional state; no matter if it was anger or joy, so the detective figured it would be the same with excessive sadness.
“I have a little something for you,” he said, so he wouldn’t blurt out an ill-timed, overly sentimental love confession.
“’m getting old,” Greg told his toaster as he passed it. The toaster remained indifferent about the topic. Greg scolded at it, before chuckling at his own antics. Beer always made him silly.
The little doctor turned in the embrace, flushing ever so slightly when the pull-up made a crinkling noise. It wasn’t the bad kind of embarrassment.
Before the fall, Sherlock would have given his arm for a streak like this, for the exquisite adrenaline-fueled existence from case to case.
As bed-time drew nearer and nearer, Greg felt himself getting more and more antsy. Sleep was an issue with John he was way too familiar with- sadly this time wouldn’t be the first where he had to watch over his friend’s sleep, but he tried to put these depressing images as war away from the current situation as he could. He was supposed to be the caregiver here, after all. He could dwell on unpleasant memories some more on his own time (something he did not as frequent as he used to, but probably still too much to be considered 100% healthy).
- shy, and bright, and beautiful. Sherlock pressed his thumb against the upturned corner of his doctor’s lips affectionately. Everything felt so sweet and soft between them.
. This age-play thing surely worked wonders on him, the crinkled worry lines all over his face had smoothed out when he was smiling (for a while, Greg had been worried that John might never manage to be really happy again, with the way the weight of everything that had happened the past years pulled him down). A warm wave of pride washed over the DI as he watched John twirl a strand of grey-blonde hair around his index-finger while recounting the story of the lion king with impeccable accuracy. They’ve all been in some really dark places, for so long. But they managed to get through and come out stronger in the end. Some light in their lives had been way overdue.
Sherlock was already on the first step, when he turned one last time, watching them both stand in the doorframe.
With the romantic crisis nowhere in sight, Sherlock shifted his focus to the sexual nature of their relationship. John hadn’t had a male partner before, so the detective had readied himself for uneasiness whenever their kisses turned rougher and the touches bolder. He had been sick with nerves the day he had first gotten naked in front of John, deeming this the crucial moment of the sexuality crisis he thought he would witness. It was one thing feeling an erection vaguely through the confidents of clothes, but another one entirely to have it stare you in the face- figuratively speaking. John, however, unaware of his partner’s worries, did sink to his knees and put his mouth to better use than discussing changed sexual preferences.
He found his partner awake and looking at him, a stupid silly smile plastered on his lips. John reached out to touch its corners; the fact that he made Sherlock this happy made him even more happy than he already was. Pleasant energy thrummed through his veins and he felt light-headed with the intensity of his own emotions.
Sherlock catalogued his partner’s reaction carefully and was pleasantly surprised with the outcome: Instead of dismissing the information, John’s eyes shone with bright, almost child-like interest and he seemed to be happy to have it read to him out loud. Thinking back to the night-that-shall-not-be-named, Sherlock remembered that John reacted very well to being read to.
John released a long breath and decided to go with his gut instinct. Greg was their friend. Sherlock had talked to Greg. Now, instead of being disgusted, Greg was
Greg smiled a little. Despite all the Sherlock-ness, he couldn’t help but feel protective and caring towards the younger man. He was way too fond of this impossible git for his own good.
His partner melted against him. Sherlock had seldomly seen John this deep in headspace. Usually, he would even refrain from using the term “Daddy” at all, much too shy of the (ridiculous) baby-ish implications might come with it. But tonight, Sherlock had a feeling that John really needed it. And, despite the situation, Sherlock was overcome by a warm wave of relief; relief that John still trusted him with this vulnerable part of himself; that the unfortunate incident with these blasted pull-ups wasn’t enough to damage this still fragile bond between them.
Greg, who had turned out the faucet and now dabbed the area dry didn’t look at him and didn’t stop his task. He was real gentle about it, too. Like it wasn’t fucking stupid that John had burned himself.
When John spoke again, his voice was undoubtedly quivering: “And I… I had an accident when…when the guy punched me, I…I didn’t know I had to go and then I
“Not how I imagined it would happen,” John almost chuckled, his voice still wet but distinguishably adult now. “Thought it would be a warmer atmosphere and I wouldn’t be snotty and gross; but I’ll take it.”
The impact of the words was written all over John’s face, which opened for a split second, long enough for Greg to see the unmistakable sparkle in his eyes.
Sherlock smiled at him- the real smile that was like the sun on a cloudy day- and patted their joined hands with his free one.
Phew, this took me quite some time. But I'm so proud of it; it's a story-line that has been ghosting around my brain FOREVER.
However, John was wearing a pull-up right now. Sherlock had never seen him in only a pull-up. After all, today was the second instance that Sherlock saw him while he was wearing a pull-up at all.
A warm touch underneath his chin made him look up again and meet icy blue eyes sparkling with kindness.
Despite of probably having the complete wrong idea about the situation, Greg nevertheless managed to hit the nail square on the head.
Maybe they weren’t ready, maybe they would never be. But Sherlock couldn’t stand another minute of watching the best damn thing in his life doubt the sincerity of their connection.
“I think I need some assistance, so I won’t make a green smoothie by accident,” Greg stood and held his hand out for John to take. It was that moment when John allowed himself to fully let go.
“Ah! Now see, here it says: ‘Of all the invertebrates—animals that lack a backbone—octopuses are the ones that seem the most like us. In part, it’s the way they return your gaze, as if they’re scrutinizing you. In part, it’s their dexterity. Their eight arms are lined with hundreds of suckers; this allows them to manipulate objects, whether it’s to open clamshells, dismantle the filtration system of an aquarium tank, or unscrew lids from jars.’ Fascinating.”
The doctor froze. He seemed instantly more alert now. Greg felt really, really bad that he brought this up again just as they were getting all nice and cozy but Sherlock had been very clear on this issue. Still, it didn’t make the thing he was about to say next any easier.
John had been so busy with his own needs when they entered these new dynamics that he didn’t even stop to consider how Sherlock felt about all of this.
Despite the fact that they already had a dessert for breakfast, Greg couldn’t bring himself to deny the little guy his shy request for ice-cream, not when he was looking at him like the separation anxiety would be tearing him apart any minute.
It would do wonders for the chill and John’s sore muscles, too (not to speak about the soreness of his skin where the wet pull-up had set for an uncomfortably long time (another thing Sherlock tried not to feel too guilty about))...
The tense silence only lasted a couple more seconds, before John’s resolve finally broke. The shift was indicated in his face first, for it crumbled ever so slightly, and then in his posture, for he scrambled in a sitting position and opened in his arms in a- what could only be described as adorable- demand for a hug.
“You like animals?” Greg asked, trying to get his friend to loosen up and start talking. He had imagined John would be very shy at first- he had been the two other times he had seen him in headspace. In asking about a topic Greg knew John was animated about (if his enthusiasm at the zoo was anything to go by), he hoped in easing the tension surrounding them.
“Hug?” he asked instead of answering. He felt instantly less lost when he was hugged tightly, the familiar smell of Greg’s cologne and pancakes clinging to the older man’s shirt calmed him. He rubbed his cheek against the spot of flour on his friend’s collar from their earlier flour fight.
“The feast is ready,” Greg announced suddenly; as he evidently spent the time, they had had their little conversation to heap hearty servings of bacon, eggs, pancakes, and various other goodies onto plates.
“I’m free, you can count me in,” he then added with a sense of finality, hoping that now the conversation was moving towards its organic end and he could sleep some more.
And those bubbles looked kind of fun, John’s little side provided helpfully. He was still struggling to let himself slip; after all the built-up anxiety it was annoyingly difficult to let go.
The room was bathed in cold moonlight, illuminating the outline of a figure, hunched over on the bed, silently sobbing into its hands.
had been confirmed- and maybe he’d been fantasizing things, maybe it had been wishful thinking, maybe he longed for this something to be what he thought it was, maybe he was just imposing this thoughts upon his partner.
“It’s about nothing, if you would just leave me the fuck alone, I don’t need you coming back here acting all nice-”
about having an accident.  And, despite of the emotional excitement, Sherlock could see that John was very tired. But he also knew that there was hardly any point to override John’s decision that he wanted to stay and bundle him up to drive back to Baker Street. It would exactly be the type of controlling act John wouldn’t feel comfortable with; and more than anything, Sherlock wished for his John to be comfortable.
He didn’t cry when he took off his wet boxer shorts and (now naked from the waist down) stripped his bedding and flipped the mattress (even though it hadn’t taken any damage). He didn’t cry when he carried the wet fabrics down to the washing room (still mostly naked, since Mrs. Hudson was at her sister’s for the week) or when he started up the washing machine. He didn’t cry when he passed Sherlock’s (…their) empty bedroom while he trotted to the bathroom. He didn’t cry when he turned the shower as hot as it would go and stood under the spray until his skin was burning and prickly. He didn’t cry when he sneaked into Sherlock’s (…their) bedroom, opened the drawer where they kept his little things and pulled out the packet of pull-ups (never used since the night over at Greg’s flat).
“Well, it’s true,” John continued, voice quivering a little in frustration. He had just begun to feel fine while being little around Greg and now his own clumsiness made him doubt everything again. It was like suddenly, the elephant on his shirt morphed into the real thing and sat heavily on his chest. It was constricting and overwhelming- and he really, really missed Daddy. The realization almost knocked the air out of his lungs.
In all honesty, he had no idea whatsoever about age-play or littles, as Sherlock had called these things. But he knew John well, and he treasured John’s friendship; he couldn’t imagine not getting along with this side of his friend, as well. He was a bit worried that the statement might have come off as derogatory or as if he was forcing himself into something that was so distinctively theirs. But, yeah. He was a bit curious. What could he say, it was in his nature.
Sherlock gently took his partner’s face between his palms and forced the other to look at him. There was a storm brewing in those blue eyes; a battle between John’s headspaces.
This wasn’t the right time to have this conversation. They should have had this conversation days ago.
Eventually, he got up and stalked around the room, for lack of better things to do, and eventually got himself a coffee and some pain killers, just so he would feel occupied with something remotely useful (and not feel like he was left on hold in his own fucking flat).
It was only understandable that after such a winning streak, he had become a tad careless, feeling perhaps a bit daring- and overstepped a line (or several, truthfully).
When they closed the door behind them twenty minutes later, Sherlock immediately phoned the pizza place, giving John no time to backtrack the shy confirmation he had given about their dinner plans.
The way John held his posture switched all the other pieces into place. Sherlock had John only once seen bending his hips in such a peculiar angle. The night when he had worn a pull-up for bed.
“Fair enough,” he relented, not really caring about the nutritional set-backs all that much. Normally, John had a pretty good control over his unhealthy habits, but his little side, apparently, harbored a massive sweet tooth. It was- quite frankly- too cute for Greg to dismiss it. A little chocolate never killed anyone (Well. Except that woman in Leeds- Sherlock had loved this one.). Besides, he kind of wanted to spoil the little guy rotten. Perks of being the cool babysitter.
“That, my friend, is frankly tragic and I cannot let that stand.” (He himself only remembered it vaguely, but little John seemed to really enjoy it when he was acting silly.)
Not even fifteen minute later (Heaven knows how Mycroft pulled that off), they were bundled up in one of the black fancy government cars with the tinted windows.
Quiet words, spoken with visible strain, were enough to get Sherlock out of his brain, out of his circle of criticism about the past and into the present. He hadn’t been there for John, not at all. Not even a little bit.
“Sherlock, it’s fine. You don’t have to stay.” The words tasted bitter on his tongue. “I’ll just, I don’t know, watch some Netflix until I get tired again.”
He had been so lost in himself that he overlooked the thing right in front of him- the most important thing; the thing, the person whose existence had been the only thing keeping him sane during endless nights in Serbia. The person he loved with every fiber of his being- so unconditionally that it
“No, nobody’s dying of some horrendous disease,” he remarked, some of that old sneer creeping back into his voice.
“Great-“And Sherlock leaped right into another one of his monologues, which wasn’t- despite being packed with useful information- any less obnoxious in the early hours of the morning.
Greg closed his eyes and willed himself to listen to the information thrown his way (something about a scientific conference in Cardiff, something about a speech, something about fucking tobacco ash). At some point, he heard quiet rustling and the gruff annoyed tone of a very tired John Watson cursing something incoherent, followed by more rustling and a door being shut. Sherlock, apparently, had been thrown out of his own bedroom; something that amused Greg enough that he managed to stay focused for another ten minutes.
- don’t want you to jump to conclusions before you’ve heard the whole story, please. It might sound… unusual, but bear with me, yes?”
“Sherlock-“ he started what must have been the tenth time in the past hour, only to be ignored by the man in question; who was all post-case adrenaline and billowing coat. The case had been a complete success, but the circumstances were less than ideal; leading them to a show-down somewhere at the arse end of nowhere in a forest. The culprit was caught, Sherlock got to be brilliant, hurray, everybody go home. Except that this particular case had Lestrade outsourced in bloody Liverpool and Sherlock had managed to insult all the present officers so severely, that nobody had offered them a ride home.
However, the peace didn’t last. A small crisis of some sort was bound to happen, after all (This time, Sherlock was
“It’s really not,” John’s voice was muffled by the fabric of the detective’s shirt; it had lost some of its desperate panic but was still laced with shame and vulnerability.
“Okay,” he agreed quietly, then, before he could talk himself out of it. Truth was, he craved the comfort of a pull-up tonight, knowing that even though
“Alright?” he asked low, so only they could hear. John squeezed his hand tightly but nodded. It had been his
Sherlock had spent the last two days mostly at Scotland Yard, while John had been working and at home. When he returned late at night, John was already asleep (he presumed, the door to his bedroom had been closed, he didn’t wish to disturb his boyfriend’s slumber) and, in the mornings, Sherlock was out of the door as soon as the sun came up. Consequently, they hadn’t really seen each other in the last 60-65 hours.
The two ‘adults’ at the table engaged in some playful banter that kept John entertained for the remainder of breakfast; their silliness helped him to concentrate on happy stuff instead of dwelling on heavy topics.
The case had been solved, eventually, even with Sherlock being distracted. However, he was slightly mad at himself for taking so long and- in the process- neglecting his duties he presumed he had as a partner. Yet, he had been taking to long because the desires of his partner were confusing to him and- the very train of thought made his head hurt.
Half-way through his second page, the coloring didn’t achieve the soothing effect Greg was going for. Instead, John seemed to be even more fidgety than before.
The gesture was kind of dumb and it really shouldn’t be so reassuring; but John felt very reassured and thought Sherlock was being sweet and thoughtful; and
After a small eternity, John gave a final sniffle and nodded. “Please… but I don’t want to go alone…”
“I ‘despise’ the lack of trying. You, on the other hand, just set the parameters yourself. I’m merely using the terminology
“Now, why don’t we settle down on the couch and you’ll tell me what we should order from Angelo’s, yes?” Sherlock felt a spark of victory when John relaxed completely in his arms, melting against him.
The request was the same at it had been that night and Sherlock felt the same profound emotion when John shuffled over, leaning comfortably against his stomach. In this position, it would have been easy for John to just read the article along by himself in silence, but Sherlock just continued to read it to him, his voice a soft, warm timbre between them.
Hours later, Sherlock awoke feeling groggy and disorientated. After a case, he usually slept like he was dead for an unhealthy amount of time.
Sherlock chuckled deeply, pleasantly, before the couch dipped and he lend against the backrest. “I remember this couch,” he said absentmindly- almost nostalgic- and smiled involuntarily.
Instead of ‘normal’ (boring!) plating, Greg had arranged the food to look like silly smiling face; even with banana-slice eyes and everything.
With a flare of desperate panic, John clambered his legs together violently to stop the flow, but it was a loosing battle. His bladder throbbed as it emptied itself, soaking his pants and the bedding. The fabric clung to his skin immediately, now soggy and heavy and
by it. ‘It’s nice to see him like this,’ Sherlock thought while he opened the book to start reading, ‘wearing his emotions on his face, unguarded. Trusting me with them, trusting me with all of himself.’
“I’m fine,” came the quiet reply and by the tone to it, it wasn’t the first time they’ve had this conversation this morning.
Sherlock believed he saw a sparkle of big John in those young eyes, but that might just have been a trick of the light.
He wanted to bask in this feeling; loose himself in it and just let Sherlock take the lead, Sherlock always knew what to do. Sherlock was capable to deal with everything; and John wanted him to deal with
“Who knows, maybe it might come in handy for a bizarre case under the sea. Or maybe I’m getting myself a pet octopus.”
Yet, perhaps not really surprising. The interdependence between the detective and his blogger was a mutual and intimate affair; they needed each other in a blatantly obvious, but heart-warming way. The loss of one was enough to break the other (At this, Greg had to pull his mind away from the dark months without Sherlock, willing with all his might to not remember the lost and broken look on John’s face. Because Sherlock came back to life. And with him, John did, too.) He was not shy to admit, though, that he was rooting for this relationship; given those two idiots seemed to make each other happy, and he had a soft spot for both of them. He couldn’t help it. They were pretty lovable idiots.
“We’re not talking about this now, but, if you wish, as soon as you’re big again. As for tonight, I think you’ve done enough of self-punishment already, haven’t you?”
To emphasize his words, he shrugged off his Belfast quickly (the bag cluttered to the ground, forgotten for the moment) and kneeled on the bed, to get even closer to John.
Sherlock’s mouth went dry and his pulse picked up several notches. There was something blocking his throat what must have been the size of a stone.
about the scene. There was a heavy, biting smell in the air; that Sherlock faintly recognized but couldn’t quite place, due to his preoccupation with frantically searching his mind-palace for a way to console someone who was sobbing pitifully.
Overcome by the need to be closer, he cuddled up to Sherlock’s lean body; feeling the expanse of muscle and soft skin against his own skin. Daddy knew that he was little right now, because Daddy knew everything, always. And he’d be considerate and would never push something upon John that he wasn’t ready for. John still felt bad for last evening, but managed to swallow it down, in favor of enjoying the moment.
An hour later, John was laying in the dark, staring up at the ceiling of their bedroom. He was warm and cozy underneath the blankets, with teddy next to him and the pillows still smelling like Sherlock. Still, sleep didn’t come to him. He had been so tired in front of the telly, but now he felt wide awake. He even had been tired not even twenty minutes ago, when Greg had finished up the story, he was telling him about the time he sneaked a puppy into his room way back in his police academy days. It was a fun story and Greg had told it really well, changing his voice and waving his hands around to emphasize certain points (somewhere in the back of his little headspace, big John made a reminder to tell his friend that his daughters could be happy to have such an awesome father).
“I’m on my way.” Shuffling on the other side of the line. A bag being packed roughly; the phone squashed between shoulder and ear.
during the session where he, and Sherlock for backup, breached the subject), had explained to him that it would take time for him to adjust to the different sensitivity to his needs in his headspace. It all had seemed pretty reasonable, then, but John still felt awful that he had to struggle with
Greg laughed good-naturally, and patted Sherlock on the shoulder, reassuringly. He knew that talking about sentiment was dreaded by the younger man, and he soldiered through it masterfully.
“We’ll be fine,” Greg jumped in, placing a warm hand on John’s uninjured shoulder. He could feel the tense muscles relax a fraction under his palm. “Have a safe journey!”
, you call me immediately.“ Although Sherlock was now holding onto John’s shoulders, his gaze bore into Greg imploringly, screaming ‘I’m trusting you with my precious baby, don’t fuck this up!’.
Greg propped his legs up at the coffee-table and treated himself to an ice-cold can of ginger ale. After their wonky start, the day turned out amazing and he congratulated himself on a job well done. He sank into the couch, content with himself and the world, getting immersed in some soccer game on the telly. His favored team was playing.
Silent tears filled to his eyes and spilled over his face- unrelenting and quiet like London rain in April.
“I just want you to be happy, love.” Not scared, as John obviously was about the whole wetting issue. But the level of audacity which he would have to display for pressuring John into a role, which was so unlike to the one he craved for, sent a cold shiver down Sherlock’s spine.
It was a tone of voice that Sherlock didn’t recognize, that he pretty sure has never heard before. He could tell that John was lying (from the quiver in his upper lip) but didn’t have the heart to point it out; not when John was in too much distress to realize that Sherlock was able to see right through him with a single glance.
He was stood by the door- coat and everything- and fiddled with the collar of a terribly embarrassed looking John Watson.
John sighed deeply against Sherlock’s neck, searching Sherlock’s hands with his own and held them in a tight grip.
It was foreign for him to talk John into food, but he was itching to turn this evening around to something more positive, like cuddles, and sex, and sleeping in the same bed.
Instead of answering directly, Sherlock shuffled higher up on the couch, creating room between his legs for John to fit right in between.
Greg cleared his throat and wiped his sweaty palms on his jeans discretely (he whooped out his finest Dad-outfit for the occasion; faded jeans and a flannel), hoping that Sherlock wouldn’t notice. It wouldn’t do any good to feed into the mental freak-out that the man was clearly having but tried not to show it.
“You can be small, if you want to be small. You don’t have to be embarrassed about it. You don’t have to hide it. Not from me.”
It felt like forever ago, now. And it also felt like a different man, a man no longer lost in pain and sorrow. John looked younger like this,
While John gave him the silent treatment, Sherlock went online to do some research about the foreign feelings he had been harboring while taking care of his friend that night. What he found was a lot of disturbing things he wanted to
He buried his face against Greg’s flannel shirt, shielding his eyes for a moment, allowing himself to escape from the situation to gather himself again. Greg- praise his heart- just held him, patient and gentle and
with Greg’s pancakes, in all their fluffy, light, buttery goodness. He gave his friend a little side-eye to see him beaming at him like he just told him the moon was made of cheese or something equally awesome. The coil around his chest eased a little. Greg was
He had never called Sherlock ‘Daddy’ in front of other people before (most of the time they had been playing, he hadn’t been able to call Sherlock ‘Daddy’ at all, afraid that it would sound baby-ish).
John, who had been sneaking strawberry slices the whole time while Greg pretended not to notice, gave him a berry-red grin. “You remember who we’re talking about, right? Sherlock doesn’t know
“I can clean up after myself.” It lacked the usual heat, yet there was a fight somewhere in that statement.
He was teaching himself to appreciate his little side even when he was big, so he grabbed the teddy, to take a closer look.
Sherlock held his breath- the taste of the foreign word still heavy on his tongue- and watched a full-blown shudder wash over his partner, that he even felt against his fingertips, that were still encircling the doctor’s wrist. Every muscle in John’s body seemed to become rigid, before all the tension melted away. It was a curious thing to watch, but it didn’t actually help to ease Sherlock’s anxieties.
When their relationship dynamics had shifted on yet another level- a sweet, soft, fragile level- Sherlock had been prepared for the very worst. The first time John had admitted to Sherlock that he liked to be taken care of sometimes, and that during those times he felt different from his adult mindset; that he felt little (as Sherlock now knew it was called, since he had busied himself with extensive research over the last couple of weeks), the doctor had been struggling to acknowledge those feelings. Sherlock, admittedly, was struggling himself. Being caring was a character trait that didn’t come easy to his calculating nature, even in those moments when he let himself fall into the situation with effortless ease, a small shimmer of doubt remained that he was utterly horrible at this, that he wasn’t providing the experience John craved and deserved.
. Greg had seen both of them at their lowest moments in their lives. Yet, he was still here. This was a safe space, here. He didn’t have to be afraid to be himself, here.
“I’m the last person to disagree with Sherlock being a handful. God, that man is infuriating at his finest behavior and he drives me absolutely bonkers. But-“
“Nonsense,” he replied, lifting his partner’s chin so he had to look him right in the eyes. “You’re not broken. You’re
“What would you like to drink?” Daddy asked immediately as he sat down, giving him no time to be self-conscious about the way his bear was perched up on his lap.
John rubbed his cheek against it (an action, Sherlock came to associate with his partner trying to self-soothe) and locked his arms around Sherlock’s waist, fingers aimlessly twisting and crumbling Sherlock’s shirt, the back of his hand gracing the inner lining of the beloved Belfast. John’s movements had a desperate edge to them that made Sherlock feel inexplicitly bad, even though he couldn’t pin-point why.
Instead he- like the cruel, cold-hearted bastard everybody tells him constantly that he is- had ran off to chase his own benefits. His own thrill. His, and his only. Insatiable. Stupid. Destructive.
He stopped by at the bar to get his own beer (wondered briefly of getting something stronger and ultimately decided against it, since he didn’t have dinner but was too worked-up to eat anything now) and slid into the booth opposite of Greg.
He blew a quiet breath to calm his own nerves down a bit. The situation was undoubtedly strange and uncomfortable, but only because they were kind of stiff around each other. Although they had been friends for years, it was like slowly getting to know each other all over again.
him over to the sofa and they engaged in a heated make-out session, until Sherlock honest to God came, like the virgin he wasn’t but everyone assumed he was. John’s kisses were
“Yeah,” he started cautiously, massaging his temples and trying to wrap his head around the situation he found himself in.
The doctor’s breath was warm and wet against his skin. “I’m sorry that I was so mean to you. ‘twasn’t your fault, I was angry at myself and the situation and those stupid…feelings.”
Something that was needed shouldn’t hurt so bad. Something that was providing happiness shouldn’t be an issue of anxiety. Being little shouldn’t feel like a failure. Yet, Sherlock just knew that these thoughts were dominating his partner’s mind. While he had been busy running after criminals, John’s self-doubts had run havoc. Maybe- maybe if Sherlock had stopped- just once
Long after all the dishes had been put away, Greg was simply standing in the doorway to the living room, watching the phone conversation. John was talking animatedly- more animatedly than he had ever heard him talk (while being sober)- with his teddy resting on his stomach and his legs stretched out, bare feet swaying in a carefree manner. Everything about John was carefree and at ease in that very moment. Greg still remembered how often he had found his friend on that very same couch crumbled in on himself, muttering about still making two cups of tea, despite the fact that Sherlock was gone forever.
Things got easier, then. John seemed to have gotten over his apprehension of being little around Greg and the skillet incident was nothing more than a distant memory when they settled comfortably around the coffee table to play some rounds of various board games (after crafting the perfect reply to Sherlock’s text, naturally, out of fear Sherlock would explode in a ball of nerves if they didn’t). Playing with Greg was a lot more fun than playing with Daddy, John decided, because with Greg John actually had a shot at winning fair and square (not like the pity-wins Sherlock gave him when he could be persuaded to play with him). Thinking about his Daddy made John’s chest tighten momentarily, but he managed to breathe the sadness away. Him and Greg were having fun and that was all that mattered.
There was silence on the other side of the door. Greg leaned against the wood a little, now instantly more alert. Maybe the alcohol didn’t sit well with John? Had he been sick?
The detective picked up a couple of flyers from their favorite take-out places, pretending to scan them to get his rising tempter under control. He hadn’t even taken his coat off and John was already giving him attitude. He flexed his fingers at his side and brushed the book that was safely tucked away in his coat pocket. Some of his anger cooled off instantly, as he remembered the reason why he bought it in the first place.
Empty pizza boxes were scattered on the coffee table and someone (most likely John, who was no longer snuggled up against him) had turned off the TV (they had been half-way through
What, exactly? Pressuring him? No, that wasn’t it. Lying to him? Well… not really. John huffed in irritation about his inability to pin-point the exact thing Sherlock had
Turned out, Sherlock had texted Greg, after all. Greg made a big show of reading it out loud to John, imitating Sherlock’s tone and intonation in a ridiculous manner, which made the little doctor snort around his mouth full of pancakes.
Greg’s reply pulled him out of his thoughts and before he knew it, he had Greg’s phone in his hand. His friend politely looked away, considering it was his phone and everything; but the bit of privacy made John feel a little bit better; it was embarrassing enough that he got so worked up over a movie.
Something had happened between them, three days into the case, and it wouldn’t leave Sherlock alone. It refused to be pushed to the back of his mind, so it hindered his thought-process regarding the case (it wasn’t a big deal, per se. The case revolved around art theft, not murder, so no lives were on the line. Still, Sherlock just
John had the decency to look slightly bashful for his bad lying skills. They sat in silence for a couple of minutes, John pretending to watch soccer and Greg watching John. When he suddenly found a blanket cocoon with a head leaning heavily against him, he decided to be the responsible adult here (somebody had to be).
The detective didn’t miss the disappointment that creeped into his partner’s face for a split second, before he put on a blank expression.
Three days later, after a case (a 6 at best, but Sherlock had gotten itchy and desperate with the lack of mental stimulation), John crowded him against the living-room wall and kissed him (sweet, and then-upon realizing that his administrations weren’t met with resistance- more insistent, more dominating, until Sherlock’s knees buckled, upon which John had fucking
He had been walking slowly; Sherlock had taken the toll the colder weather took on his partner’s psychosomatic woes into account; presumed they were the reason why John was so damn slow on his feet.
1.) The bear definitely needed a name, it couldn’t just be ‘the bear’. It was a special bear, after all.
John scoffed at the nick-name. “’m not little right now. I’m only going to be big from now on. Being little is dumb.”
His mind was fogging over with a feeling that also had nothing to do with being slightly drunk. He told himself sternly that he shouldn’t feel this way, because he didn’t need to be little. That he wasn’t craving to be little right now; that he didn’t need Sherlock to forgive him and to wrap him in a warm hug and-
When John returned to the living-room, Greg had narrowed their choices down a bit to his personal favorites (as far as he could recall; He held fond memories of Disney movies, his girls had watched them religiously while growing up).
Sherlock’s heart leaped when he heard the title muttered in this gentle voice he quickly started to love. He probably should be fighting growing so attached to yet another part of John, but he was a lost cause. He fell in love with John a little bit more every day.
Greg stood up and let his joints pop. Sherlock, however, remained rooted to the spot; seemingly anxious to say something else. Greg waited patiently. It wasn’t like he was in any hurry, at this point.
There was a brief pause at the other end of the line and Greg felt a little bad for being so harsh with Sherlock. He simply couldn’t help being so… well Sherlock-like; his mind worked differently, much faster, with a higher capacity, latching onto every little detail and presuming everyone around him would want to know all the details, too. He was used to it by now and he was well accustomed to just let Sherlock talk himself out, because it guaranteed to make him feel better and thus be a lot more civil for the rest of the day.
“Shall we get started on dinner, hm?” Greg’s breath was warm against his hairline and was so pleasant that John started to smile like an idiot. Now that he started to think about his chosen family, he couldn’t stop and the happiness bubbling inside of him started to show all over his face. It was surreal, going from sadness to happiness so quickly, but he had accepted it as part of his little headspace. He tented to feel things much faster and much more intense.
“…no,” John felt his face flush and he lowered his gaze, to where his fingers were clutching the blanket.
And, oh, how it struck him, as he watched in almost slow-motion of his partner’s face scrunched up in an effort to keep the unshed tears gathering in his eyes from falling, how he scrubbed violently over his face but it was no use- they spilled and drip, drip, dripped against his cheeks all the way down to his chin.
He couldn’t start now; starting head over heels was what had gotten them into this mess in the first place.
Greg sat down on the couch behind his friend- near enough that John knew he was there, but with enough space between them to not crowd the shy little too much. If Greg knew anything about shy people, it was that giving them some time and space would work wonders in helping them warm up.
Then, a case came along. The first real case since they started dating, and it was a big one, too- a 8 or 9, even.
seemed to be worried about this), but he also never felt more distant to his own sexuality as when he was little. It just… didn’t matter.
Guilt overcame him like a sudden down-pour; he had been working himself to the bone, too. Somewhere along in the network of mysteries he had lost track of himself and of John; letting himself be consumed by the lure, the chase, the excitement.
The sound of his partner’s voice- even a little bit fainter, a little bit far away- uncoiled something inside of John’s chest. He exhaled slowly and allowed the warmth to wash over him. Sherlock’s voice sounded like coming home after a long day, like the smell of wood in the fireplace, like a dollop of honey in warm tea.
Greg still frowned when he dialed the number, unable to deny his friend his wish; and not really fully understanding why he did it in the first place. Something about the soft tone in John’s voice…
“I know trying something new can be quite scary, I’m so proud of you for being brave and trying anyway,” Sherlock murmured against John’s hair.
John sat down on his own bed, suddenly feeling shy. Tonight had been a nightmare, but Sherlock had been wonderful. He caressed the soft fabric of Sherlock’s bedding; it was nicer than John’s was and it always held a faint smell of Sherlock, no matter how often it had been washed. He twisted the blanket in his fingers and swallowed around the lump in his throat. He didn’t know why he felt so damn emotional again all of a sudden; all he knew was that he really,
Sherlock looked up from his phone. John lifted his head, staring at his partner as a hot, angry blush spread on his face and neck.
Alright. At least John wasn’t doubting the sincerity of their relationship, which was good, but all things considered, had been the smaller problem to begin with (Deep down, Sherlock knew, John never really doubted them. He just needed a reminder).
All things considered, it was a silly affair to have a crisis over (it could have been so much worse).
He knocked lightly without even thinking about it. Although he was feeling hazy and just about ready to drop, he wouldn’t let a friend suffer if he could do anything to make it better.
The little doctor was so enthralled by the curious story-worlds that he didn’t even mention the topic of nightmares or accidents again, as he curled in Sherlock’s waiting arms; out like a light as soon as Sherlock wrapped him up in a secure embrace.
Just like that, all the worry melted away; instead replaced by a warm, gooey feeling of happiness. This wasn’t only the coolest breakfast ever, it also made him feel accepted in his little space, in a way he couldn’t bring into words. Like Greg had reached out and gave his heart a warm hug.
The pose could be easily imagined in a sexual scenario, yet here it just… wasn’t. Not sexual. Not even romantic, necessarily. Just, something else.
There had been no need for them to accompany Scotland Yard today- he had given Lestrade all the clues and evidence he needed, today had been nothing but foot-work, simple exercises they would have managed without him. But he had been so drunk on proofing to everybody what they already knew; was too drunk to care and he had pulled John- good, faithful John, who had been working himself to the bone at the surgery lately- out of his first free day in weeks only to be lost in the woods; another sacrifice to his all-consuming mind.
Be a good Daddy, for John- the best Daddy he could be. And the best partner he could be. The best everything he could be- for John.
He huffed a little when he caught his own eye in the mirror and wrapped the cardigan a little tighter around himself. It was a little too big for him, hanging off his frame- making him look small. Well. As small as an adult male of average height could look. He pulled the sleeves over his hands and let the sensation of the soft wool against his palms calm him. The desire to bury his face into teddy’s (the name had stuck, despite it being the most uncreative thing ever) fur tugged around in his belly. Would Greg judge him if he came back from his bathroom break with a stuffed toy? It seemed like such a baby-ish thing to do, and he wanted to prove to Greg that he was a big boy. But… but Ella always said comfort items were called like that for a reason, and he could use some comfort just about now.
Sherlock’s heart clenched painfully in his chest.  An accident was hard enough. But this time, John had been all alone. All alone and probably, most certainly little.
Sherlock felt this new, undiscovered part within himself- the part that wanted to look after John, to care for John, to make him happy- perk up, demanding to be felt, demanding to be surfaced. But they didn’t talk about it yet, because there hadn’t been any words to describe it, but now there was a word, one word- but bringing it out in the open would
John watched understanding cross his friend’s face and wished that the ground would just swallow him whole. It would be easy for Sherlock to mock him in this position. It would be easy to be spiteful and mean.
PTSD made it hard to sleep sometimes. The nightmares were enough to make him swear off sleeping until he couldn’t bear it anymore. Then it got better, when he started running around London all day and his body was physically tired out. Sleep was bliss on those days. When everything… changed… his sleeping habits became very unhealthy again. It was like every time he closed his eyes he could see Sherlock in front of him. It was good to see him, John missed him terribly. It was when he slowly started to forget how Sherlock’s voice sounded like, that he couldn’t bear closing his eyes anymore. As long as he was awake, he would be able to let go.
that he threw away all the hesitation he learned to introduce in their interactions after John came back home.
Sherlock’s voice lost its sharp edge again, replaced by warmth that was as smooth as honey and John couldn’t- he
He walked over to the coffee table and made a big show of inspecting the books (and had to admit, the designs had improved quite a bit since the last time he had bought coloring books for his girls, decades ago).
“We could get it at that one place that has this delicious peppermint ice-cream.” John’s favorite. Even when big and pretending to have responsible, healthy eating habits (because he was a doctor, ect. Ect.), John never resisted a hearty helping of peppermint ice-cream.
John was hunched over and gripping his leg- which, Sherlock now realized- had been injured sometime during the case; and it was his bad leg, too. He must have been in pain for almost their entire detour through the forest, hence slowing John down considerably.
about all of this. It was devastating to even think about it. They wouldn’t be able to swallow it, to play it down, they couldn’t ignore it like John tried to ignore the accident- oh! Maybe that, that was there, somewhere, and the reading, too, and everything that had happened between them when John’s eyes had turned soft and young.
The DI frowned at the weird request. What would John need Sherlock for, at this hour? Wasn’t the whole point to get away from Sherlock for a couple of hours?
He flipped through the different movie options to busy himself while John fought a quiet battle in his own head. Eventually, the little doctor stood- but instead of fleeing from the scene, he trotted obediently to the bathroom.  As soon as he was out of sight, Greg let out a massive breath. He already worried about bed-time when the issue would rise again, but more strongly perhaps. Sherlock had told him not to push the pull-ups if John really didn’t want to wear them, but he would definitely sleep better if he did, considering it was a new situation where John was feeling insecure about himself.
He reached out and closed a comfortable hand around John’s skull, scratching softly at the skin of his friend’s scalp.
The DI answered the door a minute later, looking disheveled in his checkered dressing gown and plush slippers. The image, despite the tense situation, made Sherlock’s lip twitch ever so slightly.
A bit more stressed than usual, yes, and sleeping poorly the past nights, and falling back into the weird eating habits he had developed while Sherlock had been gone- but he was
“Is that so, hm?” Sherlock straightened and regarded his partner with pretended nonchalance.  “In that case, perhaps, it wouldn’t hurt to be a little dumb from time to time.”
, all things considered, and both of them had made mistakes. Made them. Would probably continue to make them. But they were also working on getting them fixed.
“But I was…” Here, the doctor bit his lips to refrain from saying ‘bad’ again, blushing momentarily at the reminder that despite the conversation, he wasn’t very far away from slipping back down. Sherlock noticed, too.
He took in the form of his partner silently, letting his eyes roam over the tense shoulders, and the back that was turned on him, the heaving chest, the color of these well-hidden cheeks, the fight and vulnerability on his face, the dark circles under his eyes. John looked utterly exhausted. John looked like he needed… comfort.
Usually, Greg would call him ‘mate’ or ‘pal’. He had never called him ‘buddy’ before. Meaning it was a thing
Always the over-achiever, the popular one in school and with the girls- John Watson, everybody’s golden boy: rugby captain, valedictorian in medical school,
Sherlock wondered if John had been embarrassed about sharing a bed before because of his accident (which they did not talk about, ever) but whatever the reading did to him, it was beneficial. At the very same night (fortunately, a night Sherlock decided to sleep), John came into his room a little after midnight, huddling into the covers, holding Sherlock in a warm embrace (one that was so tender and intimate, that Sherlock finally understood what the deal of this whole cuddling business was. With John’s strong arms around his waist and his belly a comforting weight against his back; with John’s breath in his neck and his heartbeat against his shoulder blades; Sherlock admitted to himself that he could get used to this, that he would sleep more often if that was what sleeping entailed). After waking up to a well-rested John Watson beaming at him first thing in the morning, Sherlock decided they would read (and cuddle!) every night if that was what it took to make John more happy than he had seen him in a very, very long time (and then, he would kiss John to hide his own smile, because a happy John was all he needed to be giddy all day).
Sherlock’s expression turned into something soft and concerned, and he made an effort to calm the distressed doctor.
. His mind was giving him different signals on how to go on in this situation and it confused him. Part of him wanted to let himself be doted and the other part was embarrassed by it- like Greg would think he was a whiney baby if he would let him take care of the burn (it didn’t even hurt anymore).
John’s body was shaking a little and he almost sagged against Sherlock for guidance, his injured leg probably giving him a hard time.
‘There’s nothing wrong with you, John. This is not something that makes you less of a person,’ Sherlock wanted to say.
But Sherlock- bless his soul- just looked at him with that deducing twinkle in his eyes; read him very gently and instead of leaving only
Suddenly, Greg was overcome by a deep sense of pride, that warmed him inside out. This new thing was another testament for how far of a way Sherlock had come; of how much he grew as a person in the last couple of years. This was good, not only for John, but for Sherlock as well.  After being closed off emotionally for so long (Greg had watched them skirt around each other. It had been antagonizing to watch), allowing this intimate connection was a huge step towards a well-needed
He deserved some comfort, god damn it. Life hadn’t been easy on them, and the night was especially hard; anyone would want some comfort after that.
John turned to lay on his stomach, allowing small distressed noises to leave his lips. Maybe if he hadn’t been so unfair, he could’ve spent the evening little, he hadn’t been little for a while… But that wasn’t going to happen now, and he scolded at the bubbly feeling in his stomach, as if he could prevent slipping out of the sheer force of will.
