Later, Potts woke up in a hospital bed and Stevens was reading to him from a chair by his bedside.
Tony flew over to Central Park, and then he understood why Jan had asked him to come despite knowing his and Steve's predicament. Hundreds of robotic prototypes were terrorising the park. Wasp and Thor were at the scene trying to neutralise the threat.
“And I want to do it all over again. So say that you will.” Tony coaxed him, kissing the nook of his neck.
spend every waking second there. When I’m not at school, or well, when Pa lets me stay up past bedtime on a school day. We debate about it on thursdays.” Peter explained cheerfully.
They were silent for a while. The medication was probably wearing off, Potts was bound to be in a certain amount of pain.
When Captain Stevens first met Doctor Potts, he thought the man was interesting. It wasn't often someone helped another at the consequence of themselves. That was then, however. Now that he had gotten to know the doctor, Stevens found himself a little enamoured. It wasn't always the best idea to crush on a work colleague, but Stevens couldn't find it in himself to regret it.
Tony pulled his hand away ignoring the hurt that crossed Steve’s face when he did it. “The jury’s still out on whether this whole thing is an illusion or not. But I’m listening. Was it the wizard in the green dress who zapped me with his magic wand?”
"Will you tell me about it someday?" Stevens asked.
He tried to time it such that he met Potts more often near the elevators, the man always looked delighted when it happened and his smile was disarming. So he tried to make it a common occurrence when he was in the building.
Steve closed his eyes and leaned back. “Yeah. I was on out on the field for a few years. I made some friends. They were like family. The only family I knew really, since we had all been born into the war. And then it ended and we had to go back home. Except I had no home.”
Tony looks more approachable like this. His pretty smile stands out as he talks casually at Steve, and his cheekbones look softer, Steve remembers cupping them and thinks that he'd like to do it again. It's not like he had never thought about this before the party, but Steve had believed it was just a passing fancy. He finds many people attractive, and Tony is one of them. Tony is his best friend, so it really isn't surprising that he finds the man aesthetically pleasing.
“It’s memory loss, pa.” Peter piped up from the bean couch he had sprawled himself on. “He doesn’t remember us. Shouldn’t be too hard to fix if we can get our hands on whatever did this to him. Right?” The last word revealed the kid’s vulnerability, and he looked at Steve like he wanted to be reassured that it would all be okay.
“Jesus, kid!” He shouted, getting his arms around Peter. “That could have killed you!”
“Can I head home, then?” Tony asked.
Goose did not like Steve and he did not know why. The cat left the room whenever Steve walked in, and hissed at him if he tried to pet her. Steve had tried to get her to soften up to him by offering her treats, but Goose was adamant in her dislike. It made Steve sad, because he had grown to love the independent feline.
“It was such a stupid war too, if you think about it.” Tony grumbled. He was fixing the Jeep Steve had bought from a farmer thinking it would be efficient. The old thing required way more maintenance than it looked like it did, and it looked like it required a lot. But Steve easily got attached to his things.
Tony feels hurt for a second, but Steve is tapping a thumb on his cheekbone, “Not like that,” he says quietly, “I love your scent Tony, I love having it on me. It’s helping a lot with the heat. That’s probably why I couldn’t help myself. But-“
“I wanted to understand myself better.” Steve tried to explain. “I didn’t get to do that during the war, and afterwards I felt like I was recovering from loss. My friends had all moved on, but it was hard for me to do the same.”
Tony endeavored nevertheless, and despite his doubtful countenance, Steve paid rapt attention to Tony’s explanations. Two hours went by, they remained in the nest, and Tony started to feel drowsy, himself.
He looked out of place in a pristine three piece suit, a
Steve huffed. “You trying to take care of me, Stark?” He teased, conceding to opening the bottle and downing it in a couple of swallows.
“Oh, is that so,” Tony teased, bringing his hand up to tickle Anthony’s side.
The ride back was a lot quieter and Tony wracked his mind for something charming to say. Anything that would make Steve want to keep going on dates with him. It didn't take much for Tony to realise that he liked Steve, both his strength and his vulnerability.
“That wouldn’t really discount my illusion theory.” Tony protested.
They were silent for a while. The medication was wearing off and he could feel a throbbing pain in his thigh.
Steve shook his head, “I’m going to help you.”
"Perfect." Tony said, and with his confidence restored, he hooked his ankle with Steve's again and this time added a little caress. "You're gorgeous and you deserve to be spoiled, Steve."
Stevens can’t help himself. “He’s been doing well?” He asks, and hopes he doesn’t look too guilty as it prompts Potts into gushing further about how amazing ‘Cap’ is. Potts eyes are soft, the lines around his eyes and mouth slack as he tells Stevens, “He’s the best. I might be a little too attached.”
Anthony's eyes dodged away from his, "I mean, Steve's definitely a nice guy. But, I had to be sure, you know. Like, sure sure. I don't want you to end up heartbroken again."
At first, he didn’t believe any of it. He was in the middle of an ongoing battle, there was a wizard with a shiny stone and a man, who looked like someone Tony had only seen on posters before, was running his hands all over the armor.
The next few weeks turn out to be the best and most torturous of Stevens’ time in SHIELD. Potts takes the puppy with him everywhere he goes, and Stevens is already conditioned to seek out Potts whenever the two of them are in the same building together.
Tony moans into the kiss and grinds his knee into Steve’s erection. Steve parts from Tony, his mouth wet and swollen, and then he angles his neck to the side, just so. Tony’s eyes widen as a rush of possessiveness fills him from the simple gesture. They have been keeping their relationship quiet, both feeling a little vulnerable by all the new experiences they were having together. It was a first for Tony, being able to both love and trust his partner, and to know that Steve was here with him for
This stranger really looked like Tony’s childhood hero. He nagged at Tony like it was something he was used to doing. He was both familiar and unfamiliar. Tony couldn’t stop himself from blurting out, “Are you supposed to be, Captain America?”
Steve nodded even though Tony couldn’t see him. It didn’t take him long to find Tony’s bedroom. Steve stripped quickly and then sprawled himself across Tony’s bed. Tony’s scent was so strong in this room. Steve moaned, his hand dropping to his erection. He wrapped his fingers around the length and pumped it. Slick and pre-cum gushed out of his ass and dick respectively. Steve reached down lower, to trace a finger around his entrance. The wet and soft hole twitched, trying to suck in his finger. Steve slowly slipped the digit in watching with fascination as it sunk in deeper. He bit his lip and grunted. Steve was usually very sensitive, but hot slick at his entrance, a clear fluid that dripped down his fingers, tingled where it was smeared on the curve of his parted cheeks.
Potts shied away from the Captain's discerning blue eyes. The man was exceedingly handsome. "It was nothing, I was just doing my job." He tried to deflect.
Ant gave him a deadpan look. "Underwear is underwear, dad. Eitherway, Steve will like the one with the sushi print way better." He rolled over, eyes fixed to the phone in his hands. Tony's phone. One that he had apparently used to both set up a tinder account for Tony, and find him the perfect date in the span of a month. (This wasn't a situation any of those "How to raise a genius son?" books prepared him for.)
Tony sighed. He was so weak for this man.
Fury nodded, “We’ve done as many tests as we could squeeze in. They’re having a field day at the labs. As long as you remain in contact, check in if anything goes down south, and make sure to return next week. We should have some kind of solution ready, by then.”
Steve shrugs. "I thought you might be hungry."
"Cats don't really like people who pay them too much attention. They like to control their environments, they want to have the opportunity to choose to interact with you." Tony explained, he was watching Goose as he spoke, and the cat gave Tony a slow blink in response. "You have to give her some space. If she chooses to love you, at her own time, I can promise that she'll be begging you for chin scritches soon enough."
Anthony rolled his eyes, "Steve knows you're an omega into other omegas and he's an omega into omegas too."
Tony hummed for a moment and then said, "Why don't we try to get her accustomed to your presence in a more positive manner?" He offered.
Tony nods his head vigorously, and with a final tug on his hair, Steve turns around and presses his ass into Tony’s face. His ass is a little red from the heat, Steve’s ability to blush all over is one of Tony’s favorite things about him. He spreads the proffered ass cheeks apart, and then eagerly licks a broad stripe along Steve’s entrance. Steve moans, and when Tony chances a glance ahead, he sees that Steve has gone back to squeezing his nipples, pinching them between his fingers. The sight drives Tony crazy, and after giving Steve another preparatory lick, he spears his tongue into Steve’s hole. Steve grunts as Tony thrusts his tongue into him, pushing in as deep as he can. “You’re so good at this, Tony. Open me up good, that’s where your fat cock’s going to go.”
Steve let out grunt when Anthony’s elbow dug into his side as the little boy scrambled off his chest and landed on his feet at the side of the bed. Anthony was wearing a pale blue sleeper with fluffy white clouds on them.
Steve continued to shake his head however, "It's not that. It's not to fast, I mean." He inhaled in deeply. "I'm a big guy, yeah. Omegas aren't usually like that. The men and women I did meet before, they were all alphas and betas, but they always expected things from me." Steve looked incredibly awkward with each word that left his mouth, "I've usually been the guy making the first move. And you've been-"
Tony is looking up at him expectantly. His neck is bare, the brown skin looks soft, and his glands are just twin bumps of raised skin at the nook.  Steve reaches out and cups Tony’s cheeks, it settles his wrist glands against the ones on Tony’s neck. If asked later, Steve will not be able to express what that first touch means to him. He can smell it, his and Tony’s scents start to mix like two opposing poles meeting with a snap. Steve swipes his wrists across the glands, and Tony shivers under his palms.
The atmosphere at the compound was stressful, and even with Tony's return, they were all more than a little on edge about what needed to be done next. Sam thought that the cat might be able to help them relax. Animals, especially cats could be therapeutic.
“I’m not a Beta.” Steve said, and he sounded petulant about it even to himself.
“You like that, Steve?” Tony breathed out, as he fucked Steve with his knot, thrusting it in and out of his puffy rim.
“No, I wanted to help out. I’m glad you asked me.” And Steve is. He is glad that Tony trusted him with this. He frowns when he remembers why he had to scent mark Tony in the first place, “Do you want me to keep you company for the rest of the night?” He asks.
Memory loss. Tony hadn’t considered that one. It could be, he was still betting on an illusion, but (he quickly calculated the statistics in his head), it wasn’t out of the realm of possibility. “Maybe. If this place is real.” He told the kid, Peter.
So when Stevens came down to the infirmary, well, the nurses intercepted him first giving him a preliminary check up. Stevens ducked his head. "Good day, Ma'am," he greeted, "I think I might need some assistance." Polite, as Nurse Winona led him to one of the beds. His pallor was steadily worsening, and Potts hurried to his bedside.
“I don’t know!” Tony tosses his hands up, “it’s Clint.”
Steve doesn't reply. He finishes his food and sets his plate on top of the trolley. Then, he stands up and looms over Tony who had been sitting on the bed. Tony looks up at Steve,wide-eyed, as Steve takes his plate from his hands and sets it on the trolley over his own. Then, he reaches down and pulls Tony's shirt off in a smooth movement. "Wha-" Tony starts to question him in bewilderment, but Steve steps into the part of his legs, hooks a finger under Tony's chin, and tilts his head up. He drags both of his hands through Tony's hair, messing it up further, and then trails his fingers down along Tony's cheekbones. He makes sure the inside of his wrist presses against every inch of skin he touches, leaving a trail of his scent in its wake. And then he rubs his thumb over Tony's mouth until it reddens. He lets his thumb dip between Tony's lips and then smears the wetness along his plush bottom lip.
“And now I’m here.” Steve agreed.
Steve could hear a few clicking noises as Tony worked on his project. “You know,” Tony said to him. “I always thought the war would never end. That it would go on forever, and the end felt like this utopia we were always chasing. And then the war ended, and there was no utopia.”
"Oh," Steve said, looking down at his hands. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to overwhelm her."
“-boy, philanthropist. We know, we’ve heard it a couple of times now.” Steve’s handsome face looked at him with unconcealed affection. “The guy who would cut the wire.”
Steve settled both hands into the fur beside Tony’s ears now, trying to alleviate some of the heat symptoms through contact. “Hey,” he tried to catch Tony’s attention. Blue eyes blinked up at him. “Do you think you could try to change back for me? I can’t help you when you’re like this.” Steve spoke to him, surprised by how gentle his own tone was. Maybe it was Tony’s form. Despite his sharp canines, and massive body, he was quite fluffy. It made it easier for Steve to let his own guard down.
"Of course he does. I'm twelve and impressionable. Uncle Greg was in charge of handling the creeps."
Steve must hear something in his voice, because his baby blues darken, and the desperate pulling of his fingers on his nipples gentle. “On your knees,” he orders.
Peter was a warm weight in his arms. Tony didn’t have experience in comforting other people, but for the kid, he would try. It wasn’t his fault his dad went ahead and got amnesia.
Tony bared his teeth at Steve in a very alpha like manner and then leaned over and bit down on Steve’s tit, not breaking eye contact as he did so. “Mine,” he growled out, and it left Steve breathless. More slick leaked down Steve’s inner thighs, and Tony was animal-like as he nosed down Steve’s body, biting and kissing every inch. He took Steve’s cock into his mouth in a long suck. The sudden wet heat around his dick was incredible, an ache that felt so intensely good, and Steve clamped his thighs down on either side of Tony’s head to keep him there. However Tony pushed away Steve’s legs, and released Steve’s cock from his mouth with a wet pop. Frustrated, Steve snarled at him, but Tony growled back.
Written for @bardingbeedle’s birthday
"Ugh. At least with Steve around I won't be the only one rolling my eyes while you and uncle Greg compete over who's gonna admit that they're greying first."
“Well,” Stark clapped his hands together. “I better get going. Got an ol’ shack to clean up. You know how it goes.”
Except Tony.
“Steve, it’s chicken soup. How wrong could I possibly be?” Tony whined, as he draped himself across Steve’s back.
Potts finally looked down at him, "Don't be sorry," he said. "Be safe."
"I'm sorry." Stevens told him, wishing he could take the man into his arms.
“You look so good like this,” Steve murmurs, “My Alpha.”
He was breathing heavily, like each word was an effort that could be his last. “You’re not okay,” Steve stated. “You’re dying.” He sat down on the edge of the bed ignoring Tony’s hand that was moving whip fast over his cock.
CW: Panic attacks.
A strangled gasp escapes Tony’s throat. Steve’s head snaps up to look at him, shocked by the sound. His hands are still on his chest, playing with his tits like he can’t stop even though he looks startled by Tony’s presence.
Tony continues licking into Steve’s ass, squeezing his buns and moaning into Steve’s wet hole. Steve tastes sweet, his slick warm as Tony drinks it all up. He almost protests when Steve gets off him, but then Steve turns around and puts a palm behind Tony’s neck. He is gentle when he pulls Tony up to stand, dragging his face along Steve’s abs, and rubbing Tony’s mouth along one protruding nipple. “Go on, Tony” he encourages, and Tony lifts his hand to take Steve’s tit in hand, pressing his palm into the nipple, and then squeezing down, watching as milk leaked out from either side of his palm. Steve’s tit is so messy, and Tony has never felt this geared up in his entire life. He pinches the nipple between his fingers and then watches in fascination as more milk squirts out. Steve squirms under his touch, eyes glazing out with pleasure.
"He did. But he explained that you have extensive field experience and have been trained." Stevens sounded curious, his head cocking to the side.
Steve nodded, "I was in the army, but I left last year."
The kid gave him a set of killer puppy dog eyes that could rival his own.
Tony stuck his head out from under the Jeep. “Have you?” He asked.
Tony whined, then he wrapped his leg around Steve’s waist and flipped them over. Steve landed against the bed, but Tony wasn’t done as he continued to maneuver Steve until he was presenting himself with his face buried into the pillows and his ass thrust out for Tony to do whatever he wanted with it. “
“Yeah! And god, I didn’t think it would be possible, but he’s gotten more infuriating through the years!” Tony steps away, throwing his arms up in exasperation. “He’s been tagging me around the buffet for the past ten minutes, they have crab canapés, Steve.” Tony whines, pouting up at Steve. “I want my crab canapés.”
"Oh Ant. My darling boy, my lovely son, I think I'm in love."
The constant influx of praise is heady, and Stevens might be a little drunk on it. That’s why he fails to intercept Agent Wilson when he comes across the three of them in the cafeteria while Potts is waxing poetic about Cap’s pretty blue eyes.
Tony didn't reply, he just walked across the room towards Goose and and stretched his palm out towards the cat. Goose seemed delighted by the attention and rubbed her head enthusiastically into Tony's palm. Tony laughed, a soft, airy thing Steve had thought he'd never get to hear again. Then, Tony picked Goose up from under her belly, making sure to comfortably support the cat's butt and walked them over to the couch. Goose was pliant in Tony's hands, melting under the comforting touch as Tony settled them down. He remained like that for a while, petting Goose behind her ears and making the cat pur so loud she was practically vibrating in Tony's arms.
Steve gasped when he felt a probing finger petting the rim of his asshole, Tony pushed the tip of his finger in and that was the tipping point for Steve. He lost awareness of everything around himself as he came. His body pulled taught as the pleasure coursed through him. A simmering warmth that reached deep within him to light up his core.
The next time they met, was a coincidental encounter in one of the building's elevators.
“Steve,” Tony said, parting away from Steve’s ass with a line of slick still connecting his mouth to Steve hole, “Let me fuck you, Steve.”
Steve didn't reply, but his darkening flush told Tony all he needed to know. They chatted for a bit while they waited for their meal to arrive, exchanging basic information and the like.
“Have you tried talking to him?” Steve asked, unable to tear his gaze away from the lone figure on the screens in front of him. Tony was huddled on a mattress which had been lain on the floor. No bed frame.
He steadied the tremble in his hand and then opened the door. Tony’s scent washed over him and a guttural sound was torn from the back of Steve’s throat. He shook with it, this was something he had never allowed himself to experience.
The weight of those words was not something he could overlook. Wells of tears sprung up, and Steve tried to blink them back so he didn't break the moment. "Thank you, Tony." He said, instead. His voice was thick and rough, and the minute clench of Tony's body against his informed him that Tony probably knew Steve was crying.
“I should have,” Tony agreed. “But I might be a little more insecure than I seem?”
It shouldn’t surprise him, he thought in a near mirror to his first thoughts when he met Tony. Seeing Iron man for the first time during the war had felt like a miracle.
“So um,” Steve awkwardly fumbled. “Can you sense
It was two weeks before Potts saw Stevens again. He was in the labs, arguing with Pym over the list of new equipment they needed to to hand over to Director Carter. The Director requested they work with a shared budget, which was blasphemy itself (sure the budget was more than generous for both their needs, but the idea of requiring to have this discussion with Pym each time he wanted to put in an equipment order made Potts want to scream.)
“You have to fuck me.” Steve told him. Tony shifted back so he was leaning over Steve. “You’ve gone into a rut, you need to fuck me. Right now.” Steve slid back a little and took off his t-shirt, then he pulled his sweats down. He knew he wouldn’t need any lubrication. His ass was wet with slick that had already stained a wet patch on his pants since he had decided to go commando. Tony growled as the scent of Steve’s slick assaulted his senses. Steve spread his legs apart as Tony’s teeth clamped down on the exposed skin of his inner thigh. He eagerly lapped at the slick smeared there, and followed the trail down to Steve’s entrance, biting and nipping to mark his way. Steve held his legs up by the back of his knees as Tony enthusiastically drove a tongue into his hole. Steve gasped at the sensation. Tony’s tongue was rough. Steve wondered if that was a remnant from his transformation. It rubbed inside Steve’s entrance as he stroked it in and out. When he finally parted from Steve’s ass, his mouth was wet with Steve’s slick. It heated Steve up, and he pulled Tony towards him by a hand at the back of his head so he could lick his own slick out of Tony’s mouth. Tony moaned above him, eagerly tangling his tongue with Steve’s in a sloppy kiss. Their mouths slid against each other’s, lips warm and tingling.
“It was.” Steve agreed.
“He is.” Steve insisted.
“Well,” he said with false cheer. “Now you know what it feels like.”
prompts: Identity Porn, flirting
Steve wanted to ask. Instead, he tossed the tablet on the table. “I need you to fuck me through it.” His hands twitched, and he laced his fingers together. “You’re an Alpha, aren’t you?”
Tony smells like metal, ocean salt, and crushed mint leaves. There are multiple layers of other scents that intermingle with his own, but Steve has spent enough time with Tony to be able to discern his original scent.
Tony grins at him, and shakes his head, “You hate it when I have to schmooze, and I don’t want to put you through that. I can handle Ty well enough.”
"You've been busy, I had to take matters into my own hands." Anthony told him. "I don't want you to die old and alone dad. Or become grumpy like Jarvis."
He was certain they had fed Tony. He smelled healthy and clean. Steve ignored him as he looked around the room. It looked as bare as it had through the feed from the surveillance cameras. He relaxed his body, closed his eyes and leaned his head back against the padded wall. He could sense Tony pacing in front of him, hear the fall of his paws on the floor. Tony was still growling at him, but his agitated snarls had quietened a little as he took in Steve’s posture. Steve slowed his breathing and slumped down a little.
“Oh Steve, beautiful” Tony rushes out, “Can I Please?” He begs.
“You like that, huh?” Steve asked him, amused. “Would you like me to call you a good boy, then?” He teased, but Tony’s large wolf form froze under his touch. Steve worried that he had said he wrong thing for a moment, but Tony yelped eagerly, his tail twitching from side to side in what Steve was sure, in universal canine speak, was a sign he was pleased. Another rush of pheromones filled the room, and this time Tony whined pitifully, panting through his open jaw, drooling all over Steve’s sweats.
And well. The back of Stevens neck heats up. Potts is obviously talking to the puppy, but he’s previously called Stevens ‘Cap’ too. Potts doesn’t notice Stevens’ little hiccup, he continues smothering the puppy with affectionate praises.
Tony was already naked, and he pressed his hips into Steve’s, grinding into Steve’s hipbone and stimulating Steve’s cock in return. Every thrust of Tony’s hips pushed Steve’s cock against his own belly and he grunted with pleasure, squirming on the thigh Tony inserted between his legs. Tony ran his hands down Steve’s neck, and pulled his t-shirt to the side. His mouth followed the path he traced. He was trying to be gentle as he mouthed at the scent gland at the nook of Steve’s neck. But while Steve was inexperienced, he was not delicate and he gripped the back of Tony’s head and pushed it harder against his gland, hissing when Tony’s teeth bit into the sensitive skin. The gesture was enough initiative for Tony, and he sucked and bit Steve’s gland as they bucked against each other. Tony had been pent up, and he jerked as his cock pumped ropes of come along Steve’s flank.
All the way through dropping Steve off and making his way home Tony felt like he was walking on clouds. Anthony took one look at the dreamy expression on his face and said, "I told you so. I'm gonna go text uncle Greg now so he can say the same."
"I'll do that, Doctor."
Tony rubbed his thumbs along Goose's ears, murmuring warm praises under his breath.
Tony, for the first time today, grinned. “Now you’re speaking my language. Do you know where the labs are?”
He wished he could look at Tony, but they would be tied like this for another twenty minutes at least. So he laced his fingers with Tony’s and frowned at their joined hands. “I- I don’t know what’s the right thing to say.” He admitted honestly. “But you are my closest friend. There’s a lot wrong with me, and there are probably better Omegas out there-“
As he was led down corridor after corridor, Steve found himself wondering whether Natasha had ever spend Tony’s ruts with him. Something inside him recoiled violently at the thought. She probably had. The folder he got from Fury stated that Tony preferred to spend his ruts alone if he was not with a partner at the time. And if he was, well, there was nothing specified about that.
A smile curled on Steve’s mouth and Peter laughed. Tony quashed the fuzzy feeling of belonging that gave him. This was a fake family. There was no way Captain America was dating Tony stark. “Could the stone create illusions?”
“Feeding on energy. Is it okay to ask you about that? You don’t have to tell me if it’s private. It’s just the Internet can be-“ Steve cut himself off, flushing.
Steve gritted his teeth. He was not gentle, or soft or looked anything like the Omegas he used to see walking down the streets. He could admit that he had always thought himself above it all, above his basal needs. And yet, here he was, contemplating succumbing to them. The pill bottle burned a hole in his palm. It had been three days since Tony had gone into rut, three days since Steve had stopped taking his suppressants.
Tony laughed, a little hysterical. “Thanks buddy. You know me. I like what I like. I’ll fill you in later on okay. I have some things to think about.”
that, and he shivered. But Tony blinked, and his face cleared. He looked away from Steve and quick paced into the meeting room.
"You've had quite the day," Potts hummed as he worked.
Shit.
It didn't take long for Tony to piece things together. He couldn't help grumbling anyway.
Steve smiles back, and that warm, unknown feeling from earlier returns. Tony fixes his clothes and then moves Steve away from the door with a guiding palm on his hip. The touch burns.
Steve had listened to all this numbly. It hadn’t bothered him as much as the doctor might have expected. Steve had never led the life of a regular Omega anyway. But now, he leaned back in his seat and looked up at the ceiling. Now he was here, and Tony was just one room away going through a rut that could possibly kill him. Steve wouldn’t have known, if Tony’s brother hadn’t called him. Steve didn’t know what to think of Gregory Stark. The man was a fellow Omega, but he didn’t carry himself like one.
"What if he doesn't like me?"
“Your boyfriend of five years???” She said, her tone indulgent. “You better not pull this shit with Peter too, he’s really excited about this.”
“Dad! Dad! Dad!” The kid exclaimed, a ball of hyperactivity in his arms. “I’m going to be your best man right? I know Uncle Rhodey called dibs when you were my age, but you’ll let me do it right?”
“See you around, Steve.” Stark waved as Steve walked away. Now that he was familiar with Stark’s scent, he could still smell it when he reached home.
So. The twenty-first century was a lot kinder to Omegas. Steve remembered being young and reading columns in the newspapers about omega rights protesters either being shot or arrested. Scent blockers and suppressants existed, but were only sold in the black market to be purchased by wealthy parents who wanted to give their child a shot at life.
After that, Stevens can’t stop himself from indulging. He hangs around the lab while Potts works, keeping an eye on Cap and fishing for compliments he enjoys imagining directed towards himself. Potts doesn’t hold back when it comes to the little pup, murmuring about how gorgeous he is, how smart and capable Cap is, how he can achieve anything he sets his mind to.
“You should have just told me.” Steve told him.
." Stevens gasped. He sounded anguished, but Potts wasn't sure if that was because of the shot in his leg or his defective heart.
But knowing was one thing, and witnessing Potts in action, was another. The man could fight, and he fought with a fluidity that made Stevens sometimes forget his objective, just to stop and watch him. He worked tech in inspiring ways and had a quick intuition when it came to improvisation. They moved in tandem, like a well-oiled machine, and it was the best partnership Stevens had ever performed in.
“Peter. Do you…” The kid’s eyes darted around the room. “Do you not remember who I am?”
Tony clears his throat, and then steps away from Steve, “Uh thanks, that should help.”
Tony caught Steve’s movement from the corner of his eye and turned to face him. He took in Steve’s pallid complexion and trembling fingers with concern that was the first crack in his mask of control. “Steve? Are you feeling okay?” He asked.
Features SHIELD’s new postnatal ward.
“Are you done?” He prods.
Tony laughed, “Don’t be morbid, beloved.”
Steve glanced up at Tony. Sensing Steve’s attention, Tony looked up from his tablet and smiled at Steve, he rested his head on his palm, “The crazy things we go through on the job, huh?”
Tony cuddled him tighter, "Do you really like him that much?"
“Of course I do, hard to get a job here otherwise.” He grinned.
Steve looked hurt.
Steve woke up after the full moon curled up with Tony in bed. He didn’t remember how he got there. Tony was pressed up against him in a long line of warmth. And it was different, but also the same. He almost expected to reach out and feel the hard metal of the armor under his fingers.
“Tony! I’m sorry I couldn’t be there. But tell me, when is the wedding?” Pepper rambled, as soon as she answered his call.
“I’m just looking after him for a few weeks.” Potts tells him. His hands are free from grease stains, a rarity, which means he took the effort to keep them clean so he can give the pup belly rubs as and when he likes.
When he opened his eyes Potts was hovering in front of him, his palms outstretched like he was reaching for Stevens. "Are you alright?" He asked, "you don't look too good."
"To begin with," she begins, dry amusement dripping from her words, "I told you so."
Steve nodded. “I’ve got to go now.”
The attendant who had been assigned to take him to Tony stopped in front of a large metal door. It had a scanner on the side, and the man used his ID to unlock the door. Inside, was a room that just had another such door.
Steve lets the light from the overhead bulb blur his sight as he listens to the soft sounds of Tony moving about in the bathroom. Each little clatter tugs at something fond in his heart. He rolls over on the bed and nuzzles his face into a pillow hoping to wipe what is sure to be a stupid look off it.
"Did Anthony tell you that?" Steve asked him, for the first time smiling a full faced grin at Tony. He really was a beautiful man.
"Judy Blume." Potts murmured. "That's an interesting choice."
“Steve?”
Tony hummed, His mouth quirked in that familiar way of his as he looked back at Steve fondly. “Just a little wiped out, is all.” He said.
Tony was still holding his hand, so Steve gave the appendage a little squeeze. "How about this place? You seem pretty close to the owners. How did that happen."
Steve huffed. It wasn’t his fault the squirrels got frightened so easily. “Okay. See you later…Tony.”
Tony pats his arm, "Eat, I know you need your ten meals a day or grumpy Steve comes out to play."
His pants were soaked in slick now, it made the seat slippery under his ass. Steve was certain Tony could smell it. But Tony just patted Steve’s back and opened the mini fridge to take out a bottle of chilled water. He twisted the cap open and pressed the opening to Steve’s mouth. He drank in large gulps, enjoying the coolness of the water sliding down his throat. Once Steve had drank enough, Tony recalled the bottle. Steve eyed him hesitantly.
are my home.”
So yeah, Steve isn't shy to admit he loves Tony. He also loves plenty of his other fellow avengers. Sure, the way he loves Tony is a little different and he never really felt the need to monopolise his other teammates time the way he does with Tony, but-
Peter opened his mouth and then closed it. “I’ve never thought about whether this world was real or not. I mean, it probably is.” He paused, “but we could run some tests, I suppose.”
Wilson patted his shoulder sympathetically.
Potts was either ignorant of the commotion he had created, or he wasn’t paying it any heed. He cooed softly at the baby in his arms, a delicate newborn who still relied on smells and sounds. Potts hummed under his breath looking beyond delighted.
“Have you brushed up on your Italian, Steve?” Tony asks him cheerfully through the bathroom door.
"Shamelessly flirting with you since we met?" Tony offered.
“Wonderful.”
"Is it normal for my son to hit it off with my date before I have?" Tony questioned.
Stark nodded enthusiastically. “That would be great! I’ll call you.” He patted his pockets, presumably for his phone and when he didn’t find it he just chuckled. “Or I’ll send a carrier bird, that might be quicker.”
Tony.
uncomfortable. I trust you.”
Steve laughed. And then realized it had been a while since he had last done that. “I thought, maybe if I came here. I could figure out what I want from life.”
“Steeeve,” Tony whined.
Steve slipped another finger in, and Tony entered the room with a tray piled with food and water. He had discarded his jacket somewhere, and stood in front of Steve in a white shirt with rolled up sleeves and a pair of black pinstripe slacks. The definition on his forearms was prominent, and Steve tucked a hand under his own thigh and lifted his leg to the side. “Tony,” He panted out. Tony froze. His eyes ran hotly along Steve’s exposed flesh, his rigid erection, and the flush the ran down his chest. He clutched the tray in his hands tighter, and shook his head, “Water first, Steve. You’ve been producing a lot of that fluid.” He tossed a bottle from the tray towards the bed.
He doesn't voice this however, and just closes his eyes and says "I know."
“Alright darling,” Tony soothed, and then he was pressing the head of his cock against Steve’s entrance, slowly breaching Steve inch by inch while Steve moaned and dug his fingers into the sheets, tearing them up.
Stevens had knocked on the door first, bless the man and his archaic mannerisms. But Potts and Pym were deep in their discussion, and neither wanted to back down. It wasn't until Stevens cleared his throat that Potts, still impassioned by his point of debate, snapped his head towards the entrance.
When Carol joined them, watching her interact with Goose was like watching two old friends reunite. Goose complained loudly, twirling around Carol's legs, happy to see her human again, but grumpy about their time apart. Carol laughed when the cat jumped into her arms and climbed on top of her shoulders. It was endearing to watch Goose be excited about Carol's return.
In the present, he hears Tony open the bathroom door and it pulls Steve out of his musing. He turns around, and immediately chokes up.
Steve lay back down on the bed and closed his eyes. He could hear Tony and Ant in the kitchen. It was one of the few perks to having enhanced hearing. There was something very soothing about being able to hear Tony and Ant interact with each other. Tony was explaining to Ant how to stir batter in a bowl. His voice was soft and patient, and Steve could imagine Anthony’s raptured expression.
"I'd be honoured to Steve." Tony replied earnestly.
"What happened?" Stevens asked him, leaning forward in interest.
Steve noticed Anthony burrowing his head into his chest, “Are you wiping your morning drool on my shirt again, kiddo?”
Whatever expression he was wearing seemed to gain Carter’s sympathy. “It was his idea, we have some excellent services here, and he suggested we extend it to a childcare ward.”
He feels Tony ruffle his hair.
Steve clamped down on Tony’s cock as his ass only slickened up further. The heat in him unraveled as the pleasure of his orgasm swept across his body in electrifying buzz that made him shudder into Tony’s shoulder. As he was coming down from the high of his orgasm, his body quivering in the ecstasy of it, he felt the base of Tony’s cock swell around the rim of his ass. Steve tightened around it. His abused hole throbbed, clenching and unclenching around the thick knot. Tony groaned his pleasure into Steve’s neck.
"What about me?" Tony teased.
Tony gasped in mock offense. “Steve, my wolf, my man, my wolf-man. There is no way I would be able to maintain these beautiful biceps without proper nutrition.”
“Yes Sir.”
"I can hear you thinking all the way over here." He teases.
Tony blinks at him, “Of course,” he says. “I have to smell  taken Steve, the wrist glands aren’t enough to deter Ty. It’ll be okay, just a little.”
"It's important to hang out with people your own age. Or at least that's what my homeroom teacher has been telling me." Anthony informed him, kicking a socked foot up.
Tony snarled, riling Steve up with his Alpha tone. Steve could feel Tony’s hands grabbing and squeezing at his ass. Soon Tony’s hands were replaced with his cock. He drove it between Steve’s cheeks, ignoring the Omega as he bucked and moaned beneath him at the sensation of being fucked without penetration. He continued to jerk his cock up, brushing against Steve’s asshole, and then lower between lips of his pussy. “You’re stunning, Steve.” Tony praised him, pressing a finger into Steve’s folds.
Tony gave him a home.
He likes Tony. He
Okay firstly, holy shite you guys are amazing and the first chapter got way more support than I thought it would. I really appreciate that <333
Stevens is out of the chair and through the door before she managed to complete the sentence. He prowls all the way to the next building, it’s relatively new, Potts had been especially gleeful about all the shiny new appliances he had been able to order in. Stevens hadn’t been paying proper attention then, distracted by the way Potts was twirling a screwdriver between his long fingers.
Tony laughed and Steve promptly scowled at him. Tony waved his hands before Steve could get the wrong impression, "I don't mean it that way Darling. It's just that it's my first time on a date with another omega too. You'll have to excuse me as well."
“Well,” Tony stumbled. “Yes, that’s right. So there’s no way Captain America would date me. I mean, you’re the pinnacle of heterosexuality.”
"Oh." Steve said, and his shoulders promptly loosened. He analysed Tony for a moment and then nodded to himself, "Well, my name is Steve Rogers, Mr. Stark and I know your son set us up, but I'd very much like to take you on a date if that's alright with you."
“Nothing as imaginative as that, Mr. Barton. No, this is something more internal, I suppose. They have secondary genders. Alpha, beta and Omegas.”
Carter sighed and then rolled her eyes at him, “You asked me where Doctor Potts was.”
The man,
"Why would I die alone when I have you to keep me company." Tony pouted.
“And?” Steve prompted.
“Please, please, please,” Steve babbled. Tony draped himself against Steve’s back, kissing the nape of his neck to comfort him.
That was how it started. Every full moon during the war was spent with Iron man at his side. Iron man helped hold him down when Steve didn’t trust himself, and then, eventually, he helped Steve learn to accept himself.
Tony's eyes soften, "It'll be okay Cap. We can do this."
Tony smiled up at him with delight. Steve loved his smile so much. He would like to kiss it one day, if Tony would let him.
“Let’s go home, Tony.” Steve said, holding out his hand to them. Peter was still clinging to Tony’s side and Tony didn’t really want to let the kid go either. He hesitated a little before he held Steve’s hand.
Tony’s cock throbbed in his ass, and impossibly, his knot thickened further, impaling Steve. Thick ropes of come painted Steve’s inner walls, again and again, until Steve could feel it leaking from around Tony’s cock, dripping down his ass and mixing with his slick. Their scents had merged, and Tony flopped down onto Steve, nuzzling the side of his face as they remained locked for however long it would take for Tony’s knot to subside. Steve pushed back the sweat slicked strands of Tony’s short hair. Tony looked up at him, his eyes glazed over in satiation. Steve pressed a palm to his cheek to gain his attention, and then, just for Tony and him to hear he whispered under his breath, “You were perfect, Tony. You were so good for me, Alpha.”
“I’ll be quick,” he tells Steve, giving him a hand to help him get himself upright. Steve squeezes his hand in acknowledgement, “I’ll see you later, Tony” he says, moving over to the benches to grab his stuff.
They’re training in one of the many Gyms at the Triskelion. Tony ducks as Steve’s fist sails past his cheek and his right arm comes down quick enough to block the upward kick Steve sends his open side using the small opening made by his punch. Steve has insisted Tony ‘show him what he’s got’, and with the smitten delight that came with a new relationship, Tony readily agreed. He pivots his right leg up, and Steve blocks Tony’s kick with his forearm.
Stevens considered the offer. He was usually good at taking care of himself, but the past month had borne down upon him. "Sure, I could eat." He replied, and the smile Potts gave him in response was almost blinding.
Steve looked up at him, and Tony he-
He stood in the middle of the room, on all fours, snarling at Steve. Steve avoided eye contact as he pressed his back against the wall, and then slid down to the floor. Tony remained as he was, suspicious of Steve’s actions. Steve cursed his lack of foresight. He should have brought a distraction in with him, or maybe food.
“It helps a little.” Steve told Tony, and Tony gave him a warm smile in response.
“Wha-“ he mumbles out, molasses stuck in his throat. A look of fondness flashes across Steve’s face, and then he repeats himself, “We need to shower.”
"Okay." Potts replied.
“Steve, you still don’t have to do this. I probably don’t have much time left anyway.” Tony whined, and Steve didn’t have the words to explain all the things he was feeling right now so he did the first thing he could think of. He took off his pants. They had been soaked.
Tony brought his arms around to hug Steve from behind and hummed, “I don’t know. I think he gets this from you.”
Anthony made a face. "Whatever you say, dad. Steve likes sushi, he told me when we were watching that baseball match together."
So, in this alternate reality, or mirage (the evidence wasn’t conclusive enough) Tony had a potential future husband. Named Steve. For a villainous endeavor, this was a little too domestic for his tastes. Who in their right mind would buy this story. But he disconnected the call with Pepper, and almost on autopilot accepted the incoming call.
They’re at the Ritz and Tony is pulling Steve towards the men’s room, rambling away a mile a minute. He looks a little frazzled with his collar undone and his previously gelled back curls fall into his eyes. Steve follows after him easily enough. He figures that at some point Tony will remember to slow down and explain things clearly. Tony tugs at Steve’s wrist impatiently. He shoves Steve into the men’s room, and then checks all the stalls to make sure they’ve been emptied.
It takes Tony a little too long before he realizes that maybe this isn’t something Steve wants him to see, if his expression is anything to go by. He hurriedly turns around, “Sorry love, I’ll be out of your hair in a second.” The words pass his mouth, but his voice doesn’t sound like anything he’s familiar with. Breathy, and choked. “Just came for my phone,” he adds, like an explanation would help the situation. He makes himself turn the handle of the door again, ready to step back out.
Experience came at a price. And finally Potts himself had been caught in the blast radius of a bomb and had to have an electromagnet inserted into his chest. The scarring was grotesque and a reminder of how fragile his own life was. He set down the scalpel and decided to build things instead. It made him feel useful instead of guilty about the chip on his shoulder.
“Have you been looking me up Steve!” Tony exclaimed with ill-concealed glee. “Darling! The Internet has nothing nice to say about Incubi. When did you do it? You get no connectivity here even though I’ve begged you to let me set up some WiFi for you, at least.”
Tony didn’t have it in him to break the kid’s fantasies so he didn’t respond to Peter’s words. His lab looked nothing like he remembered either, rather than the shiny new space he was still getting used to- the lab looked lived in.
Obviously that had been a mistake, because if Stevens had paid attention he would have known about this earlier. He isn’t even surprised to find Wilson there, likely waiting for him. A few junior agents have congregated too, sipping hot coffee from their SHIELD mugs trying, and failing, to hold back their giggles.
The easy praise causes Tony to almost stumble on his feet, and he can’t hide his fluster as Steve’s words curl warmly in his chest, “Wha-What’s the gobsmacked expression for then, gorgeous?” He asks.
"Fucking Hammer."
Potts didn't say anything, so Stevens checked to make sure he didn't sustain any other injuries. He gently ran his hands along Potts' sides and then his chest, the touch grounding. He paused when he felt something odd.
"My son has become quite the fan of yours." Tony told him while walking them out of the building.
“The Avengers Tower, Sir.”
“Yes, yes, I will bear witness to your innocence, Captain.” Tony agrees, genially. He reaches up to part his collar, and Steve halts in his actions.
He lay there for a while, not sure if he had blacked out because he felt something hot inside him and he realized that Tony was ejaculating. This would take a while, Steve knew. The Alphas in the army never hesitated to brag about how long they lasted. Tony collapsed on top of him, peppering the back of Steve’s head with kisses as he cuddled him close.
“So, do you understand why all the excessive touching is not okay, Cap?” He asked Steve.
“It’s the trees.” Steve explained. “There must be a nest in there. Trees tend to be protective.”
“Ant wanna kiss papa too!” Ant grumbled, and then squished between them, almost upending the tray if not for Tony’s quick reflexes in getting it out of the way as Ant clambered over Steve to place sloppy baby kisses on both of his cheeks.
Sarah sigh. Stevens agreed.
Tony was always contrary. His body, his words, his eyes. They all spoke a different language. One Steve was steadily learning to interpret. “Let me in there.” He said. “I’m his teammate. We’re...pack.” The admittance left an awkward tang on his tongue. But it felt true to Steve. Tony was friendly in a way that bordered on too much. He touched Steve liberally and leaned into his space at his own whim. But he also turned to Steve, during missions and out of them, he looked at Steve, considered his opinions, his orders. He was Steve’s responsibility.
a businessman."
Prompts: Fake Dating, kisses.
Tony sighed, "Don't get your hopes up too high tesoro."
That’s when Tony realized that the kid was not okay. He was only pretending to be strong for Tony’s sake. Whoever’s kid he was, they were one lucky asshole. He couldn’t be this brilliant and be Tony’s. Tony had always known he would be a terrible father. He never wanted to inflict his shortcomings on a child.
"I'd like to know." Stevens said, and placed a hand on the bed by Potts' elbow. The tips of his fingers brushed across bared skin.
They finished their food in record time, and when Steve realised that it would mean the end of their date, he showed down with his last few bites.
Pepper laughed, “You think you’re funny. I’m the one who helped Steve buy the ring.”
But he and Tony were just fuck buddies, Tony was probably flirting with the attendants right now, Steve thought. Yet, the images that once would have flooded his mind to accompany his brooding, did not. Sure, he could picture Tony giving them an easy going eyes, but somehow, the soft tenderness felt like something private to them. Steve was probably seeing things that did not exist, but it loosened the knot in his chest. He punched the pillow. It burst apart around his knuckles, cotton littering the floor.
"Two years ago, on your birthday. When you told me that you might have a crush on-"
Once Tony was satisfied, he pulled back a little, trailing soft, open mouth kisses down Steve’s abdomen, tracing his teeth along Steve’s belly button. Steve’s breath hitched as He felt Tony’s breath over his cock. Tony wrapped his hands around the erect member, and then gave a slow, torturous lick from the base to tip. Steve looked down, at Tony’s head between his parted knees, and Tony winked at him before he swallowed Steve’s cock like a champ. Steve bucked off the bed, finding purchase in Tony’s hair while Tony sucked his cock eagerly.
was a small but classy restaurant run by a family of three. Sana, the owners' daughter greeted Tony cheerfully at the door, and did the same with Steve. "Anthony called ahead and said you'd be here soon so I've gone ahead and prepared your table for you." She explained once they had made their way inside. "A little more romantic than the usual one." She added with a wink.
“Are you waiting for Christmas?” Steve asked, in way of responding. Tony grinned, and then pushed the tip of his finger into the furled hole of Steve’s entrance. It was different, Steve thought, almost deliriously. Touching himself and having Tony touch him. It was so goddam different. Tony didn’t wait long for Steve to adjust, he seemed to sympathize with Steve’s desperation, and he pushed another finger in, scissoring them, his knuckles dragged exquisitely in and out of Steve’s opening.
Steve raised a brow, "you think ruffling your hair is enough to convince someone we were having sex?"
"Oh that. Of course he is, I made sure to mention it on your profile when I created it." Anthony fiddled with Tony's phone and then flipped the device to show Tony the screen. "See says right here, "Omega male into other omega. The app also helps filter things based on preferences, and I created a program to filter out possible creeps with uncle Greg's help."
Steve shifted in his seat.
Steve raises a brow, and Tony ducks his head and then twists his mouth at Steve.
"Was the rose Ant's idea too?" Tony asked.
“Just a little?”
happy. You're all I need to be happy Ant." Tony told him, gripping Ant's foot in his hand.
“Oh fuck, Darling no.” Tony groaned. He must have scented Steve’s presence. Steve ignored the twinge in his chest at Tony being able to recognize it in all of its unmodified glory. He had taken off his scent blockers that morning. Steve's scent was weak due to prolonged use of scent blockers from his teenage years, but he watched Tony breathe it in like a starved man.
Let me know what you thought of this chapter in the comments <3
"He's the best part of my life. A mischievous part, but he means the world to me." He told Steve, earnestly.
“Please, dad.” Peter pleaded. “For me?”
Steve looked at Tony. The demon often reminded him of his old friend. In the way they spoke, the way they let Steve be who he was.
Wilson sipped his own coffee, “I only found out about it two days ago, I was wondering how long it would take you.”
Potts laughed, "I do. I just decided that R&D was a better fit for me. My father was a doctor, and he much wanted me to be the same, and for a while, I was."
“So…” Tony said, munching on the Chinese food he somehow managed to get delivered despite how far they were from the city. (It had to be a rich person thing, Steve thought.) “What did you do? After the war?”
That’s when Tony went from mildly assuming something was amiss, to really thinking something was wrong. He ran diagnostics on the suit and then had to fly to the top of the building and sit down so he could have a panic attack without falling out of the sky as a result.
"What?" Tony tilts his head, guileless. But Steve is not fooled.
One afternoon, Tony entered their living room and caught Steve staring forlornly at Goose, who was busy ignoring Steve while lounging on the window at the opposite end of the room. Tony paused at the entryway, and then quirked a brow at Steve. "You're making puppy eyes at a cat, it's a little disconcerting."
“Like what?” Clink asked, “Are they gonna grow a pair of tails or something?”
Tony smiles at him. His blue eyes darken with affection, “Thank you, Steve.” He says.
Steve struggled to get a handle over himself as his nether regions throbbed with these new sensations. He moved his arm away from his face and looked down between his legs. Tony was grinning at him like a particularly pleased puppy. Steve rolled his eyes to hide the affection that surged up within himself in response.
They were sitting on the couch with Steve’s feet thrown into Tony’s lap. It had become a weekly ritual for them. Steve wasn’t really sure how they got there, but Tony dug a thumb into his heel and he was not inclined to complain. “I mean it’s incomparable, I suppose. But losing control over your faculties during the full moon isn’t as romantic as the media enjoys portraying. I get the appeal, I guess. But for me, it’s always been a little traumatic. I have to trust my base instincts and let them guide me. Losing control like that, it terrifies me.”
Steve is glad to shut the door again once the waiter is out of their room.
Tony gave him a short bark, and then backed away from Steve. He concentrated, his lithe body vibrating with the effort. But even after a minute, he remained the same. Frustrated canine eyes met with Steve’s own. Steve got to his knees in front of Tony and considered him. He thought about the Tony he knew on the field, about the Tony being hounded by the paparazzi everyday, about the Tony who was Iron man.
“Thor, like the God?” Tony asked him.
They were also a lot safer. Steve rolled up the sleeve of his arm and stared at it. The serum had managed to heal new scars but the old ones remained, a constellation of pin pricks that were now barely visible. Steve hadn’t known that some of the ailments he had suffered during his youth were not a result of his own poor health, but side effects, until the doctor who handed him his prescription listed them off. The mood swings had become a part of his personality. The doctor, introduced to him by fury, had looked at him with eyes that were too serious and said, “I don’t know if you will ever be able to have children, Mr. Rogers. Omeganix, which was the most common black market brand available then, was too strong and hadn’t been tested enough either. The serum helped you, but your development had already been impacted.”
“I’m totally applying to transfer the next rotation. I heard he has two assistant positions still open” Sarah said, cheeks flushed and eyes determined.
It made Tony believe.
"It's been a hard day." Stevens explained. "There was a...filing error. I was scheduled to return in September, but I got assigned two long term missions consecutively. I guess it's catching up to me."
“Greg called me.” Steve told him quietly. He took off his shoes at the entrance and then walked into the room. “You could have called me.” He ventured in further. There was a flush sitting high on Tony’s cheeks and his skin was wet with perspiration. Steve’s tongue felt too thick in his mouth.
“Steve,” Tony breathed out, struggling to sit up. “Of course we are friends. I would trust you with my life.”
Steve ignored him. He knew that Tony could protect himself and his instincts may be a tiny bit irrational, but he couldn’t help himself. A part of him would always feel like the war was right on his doorstep. That just like Iron man, just like everyone else, one day he’d lose Tony too.
Extra:
the sexual energy around you?”
"The...omega thing." Tony muttered awkwardly.
"He really does think of everything." Steve said, sounding more than a little amazed.
“Talking? He almost ripped the heads off the doctors and agents I sent in there.”
"Stevens," the man introduced himself, "Captain Stevens. I was hoping I could get a word with Doctor Potts?" He asked, shuffling his feet while his back remained pin straight.
“You can jump.” Steve told him. “I’ll catch you.” His own words sparked a memory.
Steve reached out for Tony again, as slow as the first time. He buried his fingers into Tony’s fur and tugged on it. Tony’s eyes met his, if Steve had to guess, he’d say Tony looked confused and a little lost. So Steve brought his mouth to one floppy ear, and ordered, “Let go, Stark.” Tony whined at him again, but Steve pushed forward, “It’s okay, I’m the only one here. I’ll take care of you. Just, let go, Tony.”
"There's not much of a story." Potts told him. And really, there wasn't.
The junior agent with a pair of thick glasses standing to Stevens’ left swooned. “Oh Sarah, he’s dancing for the baby.” He muttered to the girl clutching at his arm.
They left together.
”. In one hard thrust he pushed his knot into Steve, and Steve’s back arched as his entrance was stretched to its limit, twitching around Tony’s cock and working around his erection. Tony continued jerking against Steve. His knot dragged against Steve’s entrance as he fucked Steve with it. “Suck my nipples.” Steve moaned out, and Tony latched onto a tight bud, pulling it into his mouth like he was trying to milk Steve. He sucked hard at Steve’s nipple as he continued fucking into him, pushing his cock through the mess of slick. Steve’s orgasm climbed frantically, and he squeezed down on Tony as it approached its peak, wanting them to come together. Tony’s teeth sunk into the gland of Steve’s neck, piercing the tender skin throbbing with an unbearable amount of pleasure, and then Steve was coming. His dick pulsed and his come streaked across Tony’s abdomen. The Alpha continued rutting against him, and Steve gasped as his over sensitized hole clamped down on Tony. He was coming again, he realized, his dick, ass and nipples all aching exquisitely as he clung on to Tony.
"Daaaaad, you're squishing me." Anthony complained.
Features Cap the Corgi.
Steve looked down at Tony, he pressed a heel into Tony’s shoulder. Tony glanced up at him. “Lick.” Steve ordered, and Tony’s eyes widened. Tony hooked his fingers into the crack of Steve’s ass and spread his cheeks. “You’re such a mess.” He whispered out, voice lowered in arousal. He buried his face into Steve’s ass, and gave his rim a dedicated lick before thrusting his tongue inside. Steve clenched around the intrusion as Tony stroked his inner walls. He could feel his orgasm building up again, and he struggled to hold it back.
"Ah!" Tony exclaimed, leaning forward, "It was through a sports sponsorship."
Tony’s eyes widened and then softened. He practically melted against Steve’s side. “You do?”
“Situation?” Steve frowned. “What do you mean by my situation?”
The question on his mouth faltered as he caught sight of the red stain under the man's jacket. Snapping his mouth shut, he stepped towards the bed. The nurses were diligent and had everything Potts would require at hand as they relocated the man to the operating theatre. He got to work, cutting away the man's shirt to reveal the injury.
"Whatever you say, flyboy." She took a step closer in Steve's direction and Tony found himself intercepting her.
And sure, sometimes Tony gives Steve a coy look and he feels hot under the collar, but that is just the effect Tony has on people, Steve was no exception. He values Tony, and respects him, there is no better friend Steve can ask for after waking up in the modern world.
Written for @bardingbeedle on their birthday!
, and Steve felt like he was a second away from losing his mind. But if Tony would just let him fucking help, then Steve wouldn’t have to think about how fucked up of an omega he was, how he was probably the worst option for Tony right now, and how despite all that he wanted to do this anyway. He tossed his soaked trousers to the ground. He had been sitting in his own slick for five hours, something he didn’t know he could still produce.
"No, it looks fine." Steve hears himself replying. And it does. Look fine. It looks better than fine. Tony's face is smooth and hairless, and Steve-
“He’s got eyebrows,” Stevens points out and Potts grins.
“Dada!” He protested, “Brea’fas’” He ran over to Tony’s side of the bed and began tugging on Tony’s night robe. Tony chuckled, and then snuck another kiss on Steve’s amused mouth. “Relax sweetheart. We’ve got everything planned out today, so you can leave it to us.”
Stevens had just returned from a month long mission. He leaned against a corner and shut his eyes, trying not to sigh out his weariness. He would have probably fallen asleep in that position, if not for the concerned, "Captain?"
Wilson was nice enough to not laugh out loud, but Stevens could feel him shaking through the hand still attached to his shoulder.
Ant was silent for a moment. "I think he's a good guy. You know his profile picture had a dog in it. People who love their dogs are good people."
“You gonna fuck me, or what, Alpha?” Steve asked him, and Tony eagerly lined his cock with Steve’s puffy and leaking entrance. With a groan, he slid his cock in. He was being careful, slow. So Steve pushed a heel into Tony’s ass and impaled himself the rest of the way. He snapped his hips, fucking himself on Tony’s cock best he could from his position. It burned going in, but the friction was addictive “C’mon Tony, be a good boy and
“I just, didn’t want to freak you out,” Steve admits, “And I know I shouldn’t be doing this here, but they get so full, and I have to-“
“You’ll be alright, dad.” Peter comforted him. “Whatever we face-”
Steve cleared his throat and then took his seat, thanking Tony gruffly. Tony leaned down so he could whisper into Steve's ear, "Don't be embarrassed darling, I just want to treat you right."
"Greg vetting my Tinder profile. It's like the best and worst thing I've ever heard all wrapped up in one time bomb of a gift."
(See the end of the chapter for
He sat on top of the Shawarma shop for a while. He analyzed all the information, sorted it into categories and then analyzed it again.
Steve walked over the the table, but Tony smoothly slid in before him. "Let me," he said, and pulled out Steve's chair for him.
Steve considered it. The flush that had climbed up to his ears was cooling off, so he felt put together enough to nod in acquiescence. Stark was eccentric, but there was something endearing about him as well. And well, werewolves weren’t really meant to live solitary lives. Having a friend might be nice.
"The luckiest."
"If you like him so much, how come you waited a month to tell me about him?" Tony prodded, tickling a Socked foot that had Bulbasaur on the front.
Clint loved playing with Goose. Steve hadn't seen Clint smile once since they found him. No more sassy jokes or his usual laid back attitude, Clint's pain over the loss of his family and children had crippled that part of him. But around Goose, Steve watched Clint come out of his shell a little. Once, he had offhandedly told Steve that his daughter loved cats.
There were fifty two slides on the Omega heat cycle. Steve skimmed over pre-heat symptoms; excessive production of slick, increase in body temperature, hot flashes, nesting, in bonded pairs the Alpha would become protective, prioritizing the Omega’s safety and comfort. In unbonded pairs, the Omega’s pheromones would aide in triggering the Alpha’s rut, pushing them to mate and bond with the unclaimed Omega.
Valentine’s day
Peter laughed. “That’s a Tuesday for us. Comes with the territory of having two superhero dads. You’ll figure it out soon enough, or Pa will and everything will go back to the way it was.”
"You don't have to if you don't want to." Steve grouched, thinking Tony wasn't interested.
“You’re not s’possed to be up yet.” Tony complained from where he was buried into Steve’s side. He had a lazy arm flung around Steve’s waist, tucked under Anthony’s legs.
That only made the blush on Steve's cheeks spread all the way to his ears. Tony was tempted to kiss it, but he reigned himself in and settled for brushing his fingers flirtatiously across Steve's shoulder as he moved along the side of the table to get to his own seat.
“You left!” Peter shouted back at him as Tony landed on the rooftop of the next building. “You were never supposed to leave and you left!” Peter was screaming at him now, tears running down the kid’s face. “Pa says you might never be able to get your memories back. Does that mean you’ve forgotten about me completely? Does that mean you won’t even
Steve made to get out of the car, but Tony halted him with the hand on his stomach. “One sec” Tony said. He took off his jacket and wrapped it around Steve’s lower half, and then he guided Steve out of the limo by his elbow. Steve followed him slack jawed, hoping his expression didn’t betray anything more than surprise.
Tony shrugged. “I guess so. The information they gave us said that it’s important to keep an Omega hydrated since their bodies would be producing a lot of slick during a heat. It also said I should check your temperature from time to time to make sure it hasn’t alleviated into a fever.” He frowned, “You run pretty high naturally, right? We’ll have to take that into account over the next few days.”
"Give your father a cuddle first. I need to charge up."
Finally, Steve heard him take the steps needed to bring him within arm’s reach. Soft fur brushed against Steve’s cheek. Tony jumped away at the contact. His gaze burned across Steve’s skin. After a while of standing where he was, he took a few steps closer, and then Steve felt a snout bury itself against his knee. They remained like that for what could have been minutes or hours. Taking in long breaths, Steve twitched his fingers out and was met with more soft fur. Tony shifted under his hand, but didn’t move away. So Steve stretched his fingers out and marveled at the softness of Tony’s coat. He pushed his fingers in, and rubbed them into Tony’s head. Tony rumbled, lifted his head, and dropped it into Steve’s lap, his wet nose meeting the gland on the wrist of Steve’s other hand. Taking a chance, Steve opened his eyes, slowly. Big blue eyes looked back at Steve through lazily hooded lids. Tony’s fur was dark, and Steve ran his fingers through it, luxuriating in the sensation. Tony rumbled again.
"Call me Tony, please." Tony told him, and took a step into Steve's space. "I heard you like sushi, I know a place that serves the kind that could give you a foodgasm."
“I believe we had informed you that the indigenous tribes were also affected by the powers of the stone. Well, to be specific, they’ve adopted some more...primal biologies.” Fury pulled up a presentation.
“God kid, I’m sorry” Tony apologized as Peter broke down in his arms. The kid was clawing the front of the armor and Tony did what came instinctually. He gave Jarvis the command and stepped out of the armor.
Fury give him one last penetrating look. He sighed, pulling out a folder from the building pile on the table in front of him. “This is all the information we’ve got that might help you. Read it. Memorize it. Then we’ll get someone to guide you to his room. Sound good, Soldier?”
Anthony shuffled around to face Tony, "Why?" He asked. "Do you think he's a bad guy?"
“Rhodes, my buddy, my pal. I am so glad to hear your voice right now. I need a quick favor. Remember that time we were in MIT, and we watched Back to the future?”
“It’s a part of his charming good looks.” Potts says, and then gathers Cap into his arms, “Who’s my handsome guy, huh Cap?” He coddles, and the pup wriggles excitedly, a pink tongue darting out to lick kisses onto Potts’ greying beard.
Steve nuzzled into Tony’s palm, happily.
Steve thought. It was overwhelming. Steve arched his head into the pillow under it, and keened. Tony pushed his tongue inside. His facial hair rubbed against Steve’s sensitive folds. He seemed to know exactly when to lick and where to suck as Steve was driven towards the first orgasm he had ever had
A spark of fondness lit up in Tony's chest, "If it's all the same to you Steve, can I call you Steve? Maybe I can take you out on a date today and you could get the next one?"
"For you." Steve said as his only introduction, and held out the flowers for Tony to take them.
“I am most definitely not okay, but I need you to be honest with me. Remember how we were discussing hypotheticals, and how you would never really be able to know if you jumped back in time or just hopped into a parallel universe. And remember that code we came up with? Just in case something like that happened. A contingency.”
The first brush of a tongue against Steve’s folds startled him. Steve jerked, but Tony held him in place with a strength that seemed to bear down on Steve. Steve knew he was strong enough to throw Tony off of himself if he wanted to, and yet he felt completely pinned down as Tony licked into him with firm strokes. His tongue was hot and rough as it stroked into Steve. Steve couldn’t hold back his moans as they were torn from his throat, and Tony hummed with approval over each sound. Steve was so fucking close, his pussy clenched around Tony’s tongue and he grinded against Tony’s nose chasing his own release. When Tony pulled away, his face was covered in slick and he smirked, “I wish you could see how amazing you look right now.” Steve frowned and kicked Tony in embarrassment but Tony caught his leg and tenderly kissed Steve’s inner ankle. “Don’t fret, my love. I will let you come now.”
. Don't wear that tie, it's too businessman-like."
Steve told himself. But he looked back at Tony, who was arguing with his bot, his tail gesticulating with unbridled energy, and he couldn’t help thinking-
Stevens' mouth twitched into a grin. "No, I'm sure she'd be able to find us plenty of work if she did."
"That's alright, Steve. We can take things slow. We're both obviously new to this whole omega-omega thing." Tony comforted, internally cursing himself for not having better hindsight.
“Then trust me with this.” Steve told him, reaching out to place a hesitant hand on Tony’s leg.
“Didn’t think the resident normie could pack a punch, Captain?” Tony teases, pushing back the hair that had fallen loose over his forehead. Steve’s flush darkens, and he clears his throat before responding, “Nah, I knew you could hold your own with your fists, Sta-Tony.” Steve hiccups on his name, navigating the newness of their budding relationship with an awkwardness that is endearing. “You’re always moving around in those heavy armors and fighting in them everyday,” Steve’s shoulders roll under a shrug, “it’s obvious you’re really good at what you do.”
“Yeah-Yes Sir. I am aware.” Steve pushed away from the table he had been leaning against and stood up straight with his hands behind his back, feet shoulder width apart. “I’d still like to do it, if it’s all the same to you. Sir.”
——————
“…yes? Tony are you okay, you don’t sound okay?”
"Good different." Steve confirmed.
Carol's mouth twitched, then she gently nudged him towards his armour, "Go on, Tones. Don't worry too much. Hank and I will be able to handle this just fine."
"That's not true. I'm sure I'll be able to think of enough old man jokes to keep myself entertained. He is twenty minutes older than me, you know." Tony grinned.
Tony will be working undercover as bait. Their Operation shouldn't last longer than a week, and Steve has full authority to extract Tony at the first hint of trouble. Tony is capable of taking care of himself, and Steve trusts him. But Tony lies soft and relaxed beside him now, and Steve worries anyway.
Fury’s name had been dropped with a certain amount of intention, like the good Doctor had been informed that Steve’s compliance would increase under the weight of authority. Steve resisted the urge to just rip the door off its hinges, a task he wasn’t sure was accomplishable anyway. This was the same room they had kept Banner in the last time. It probably had contingencies in place to work against superpowered strength. He sat back down on the bed, his knee twitching. Something just felt so...wrong about this whole situation. Steve shouldn’t be in here, he had to be out there. With Tony.
“-We face together” Steve finished.
Steve shakes his head. What was the point he had been trying to make? Oh yeah, it isn't a big deal that Steve likes Tony. Tony is his best friend. What is problematic however, is that he is starting to wonder what would it be like if he got to date said friend? What would it be like if Tony didn't have to wear Steve's scent just to chase off other Alphas, but wore it because he wanted to? What would it feel like to turn to Tony during a harrowing press conference and reach out and entangle his fingers with the omega's. What would Tony's calloused palms feel like when held in his?
Steve wasn’t sure what he was saying, his moans felt instinctive, there was something bursting out of his rib cage, something that wanted to consume every bit of Tony.
The worried face of the blond stranger from earlier filled the screen of his HUD. “Tony? Tony, are you okay? You took a direct hit from Loki’s scepter. Are you at the tower, have you checked into medical?”
“Tony,” Steve tries again, “I thought you like being ‘available’ at these things.”
Tony sighed with affection. “The things you say, Cap.” He murmured. He was in a black tank top and a pair of sweats today. He rubbed his hand on his pants and then reached out and cupped Steve’s cheek. “I can take it from the atmosphere. But I can only show you if I do this. I can also take more from you like this, but I wouldn’t do that without asking.”
Ignoring the blush in his cheeks, Steve turned to look at Tony, “Don’t you have meetings to attend?” He asked.
Then he scrambled to the side so that Steve could sit up and Tony could set the tray down on his lap. “Blueberry pancakes and eggs with bacon.” Tony presented with a flourish. “With extra everything to satisfy your super soldier appetite.”
Steve found himself thinking. Tony waited for Steve to adjust, then he drew his cock out slowly and snapped his hips back. Steve kneened, “I didn’t know.” He gasped out. “I swear I didn’t know it felt like this. Oh God.”
He stepped into the kitchen and a kid came barreling towards him. Tony was too shocked at the fact that there was a kid in the tower to stop him when he leaped right into Tony’s arms.
“Darling,” Tony said, “you have no idea how much I want this. I don’t care about your secondary sex, I’ve always wanted you.” He cupped Steve’s face, he was so pale apart from his heated flush, a stark contrast on his skin. “Even right now,” he took in a shuddering breath, “I could devour you if you let me.” When he opened his eyes again, their intensity made Steve’s heart stutter. “But this is not your duty.”
Steve shrugged. “I traveled for a bit. Saw the sights, met new people. And then, I was just here and there. Stayed with a few friends, then stayed on my own.”
"That's not what I heard." Stevens refuted. "I heard that had things gone south, the consequences you would have had to face would have been quite steep."
A spurt of milk leaks from his nipple, the creamy liquid dripping from the tip of his nipple down the slope of his swollen tit. Steve is still talking, but Tony can barely hear him as Steve squeezes out more drops of milk, grunting with the effort. “It’s not easy to do this myself, but I don’t really have a choice,” he says gruffly, and a little defensively. Then his eyes dip down. “If you don’t think it’s weird, would you like to help?” He asks, the question vulnerable and soft.
"No, it's okay." Steve replied. "The answer is pretty boring honestly. I just...got tired." His voice cracked on the last word and Tony reached out and held his hand. "That's a very valid reason, Steve." He told him. There was obviously more to the story, but Tony decided it would be better not to pry further.
Steve came to pick him up at the tower sharply at 7 pm for dinner. He was in a navy suit that looked well worn and carried a bouquet of daisies with him. Tony met him down in the lobby.
Tony gave up on his tie for the moment and flopped on top of Anthony on the bed.
Steve eyed his menu with interest. "I'm getting the next one?" He asked to confirm, and Tony felt another burst of fond affection building up for the omega seated across him.
“Steve,” Tony aggrieves, sounding highly put upon, “If I have to spend another second out there smelling like I’m single and ready to mingle, I am actually going to go crazy and do something like give Clint those arrows he wants that shoot out raspberry yoghurt.”
Potts was in danger. That was all Stevens could focus on as he reamed his way through the building. The man had been supervising the installation of a surveillance system at one of SHIELD's new facilities and the building had been attacked.
Stevens makes quick excuses and runs out of the lab with his own proverbial tail tucked between his legs.
"No. But people can surprise you."
Tony’s eyes were wide and dark as his head snapped back to Steve. A feral, and possessive growl ripped through his throat. With a strength Steve had known he had, but never experienced himself, Tony picked Steve up off the floor and manhandled him onto his back making sure the cameras could see them. He got onto his knees between the part of Steve’s legs, and looked up at the cameras. His entire stance was hostile, muscles rippling as he hovered over Steve.
“Ah! I thought you looked familiar.” Stark said. He walked over with his hand outstretched. When he was close enough for the wind to carry his scent, Steve had to recalculate his initial perception. The elevator had been taken up rather than down, then. “Captain Rogers, right. Thank you for your wonderful service.”
Then he pulled one of the rugs around them pointedly, and plopped his head down on Tony’s belly.
“I won’t lie to you, kid. And if you’re mine then you’re probably used to that.” Tony whispered. “I-I don’t know if I’d be able to figure this out either. I don’t know if I’ll ever get my memories back. I’m still kind of adjusting to the fact that all this might be real.”
“Yes.”
Even though he cannot see it, Steve pictures Tony's grin with startling clarity. Tony starts to say something else, but a knock at the door interrupts their conversation. Steve's on his feet in a flash. He heads towards the door to check who it is, posture stiff, but Tony stops him.
"You're also a soccer dad who spends most days moping around the penthouse in your boxers." Anthony pointed out.
Stevens tried not to jump to conclusions as he stormed each floor, desperately searching for Potts. He finally found him under a desk, bleeding out. He attempted to ignore the amount of blood and Potts' pale face. He assessed the injury- it was a gun shot through the thigh- and then he used his shirt to compress the wound.
Tony did the only thing he could. He lifted up his gauntlet, and shot. The clone of his childhood hero got blasted away and everyone actually stopped what they were doing to stare at him in shock. The wizard laughed. He raised a scepter which had a glowing stone embedded in it and declared its supremacy. Tony decided that he’d had enough.
“Steve! How dare you say such nice things when I’m indisposed.” Tony protested. He flapped his hands around adamantly until Steve grabbed one. Tony squeezed his hand, “You’re the best neighbor a demon could ask for Steve. And the best friend too.”
“I do.” Tony said, softly. Grateful.
His apartment looked the same, but it was also very very different. There were traces of another life everywhere. Unfamiliar clothes strewn on the floor, an extra tooth brush in his washroom and a corner near the window with a chair and an easel set up. This was Tony’s home, but it was also not.
“You’ll be on your own through here, Mr. Rogers. I’m under orders to lock up behind you, but there’s an emergency button inside you can hit if you need us to get you out.” He explained, “But well, I suppose they’d use the hulk room if they thought he’d be able to give
Then he dove back down and stuck his tongue back into Steve. He licked Steve’s entrance again, lathering it with his own saliva.
“You're pretty calm for someone whose father might have lost his memory.” Tony said as they walked through the lab doors.
“You’re Captain America.” He felt like a broken record, but the novelty hadn’t worn off. “My dad was a big fan.”
Then, impatient, he presses his palm into the back of Tony’s head, “Suck,” he orders, and Tony takes the inviting nipple into his mouth, flicking his tongue around it. He sucks on Steve’s tit, drinking the steady flow of warm milk that comes with each pull, some of it dribbling out of his mouth and trailing down his beard. Steve continues to hold him as he sucks, rolling his unattended nipple roughly between his fingers as he groans at the release that comes from being emptied. Steve’s steadying hold on him, his lewd, swollen nipple in Tony’s mouth, the strong pheromones of a satisfied Omega that fill the damp atmosphere, and then, “You’re such a good boy for me, Tony” is a whisper Steve’s drags along his ear, and then Tony is coming, untouched, in his pants. His cock throbs hard with release, and he continues sucking on Steve’s tit until Steve is jerking hard around him, orgasming through his nipples alone as he spurts more of his milk into the back of Tony’s throat.
DUM-E came ambling over in excitement and Peter cheerfully tossed a ball for the bot. Some things were still recognizable at least. Tony made himself as comfortable as he could while he was still in the armor, and then asked JARVIS to fill him in on what he was supposed to have missed. Maybe he’d find a clue in the storyline.
“I am now,” Steve replied, stifling a pained groan. He was a super soldier, and yet his two year old son seemed to find all of Steve’s soft spots to dig his elbows and knees into.
Tony snorted. “Yeah sure. And my father really loved me. That’s a load of bullshit.”
Stevens had been a sickly child. The doctors had told him he wouldn't live past twenty, and he lived his early life believing the same. This meant standing up for what he thought was right and more than one encounter with a flying fist.
They had the talk.
"No problem at all, Stevens." Potts replied. "Now if that's all, I really should get back to making sure Pym doesn't blow up the lab."
Wilson raises and brow, “Wow I know I’ve not been around for a week, but did I miss something?”
Steve shuffled back a little. He sincerely doubted it, but he replied with a “Maybe” just to be polite.
“Mrrph” Stevens said.
He flew out of the tower with a heavy heart, and a worse feeling in his gut. This was not going to go down well- things rarely did when Tony separated himself from Steve.
“Yeah”
They were a lot harder to ignore when the heavy scent of a compatible Alpha in rut was clogging up his nose. It wasn’t even that Steve hadn’t been around a rutting alpha before. Hell, plenty of Alphas had used unsatisfied ruts as a way to fuel their aggression during the war. The suppressants had dulled his own drive, therefore apart from a mildly discomforting amount of awareness, an Alpha’s rut had never particularly affected him.
Steve continued as he was.
Potts greeted them cheerfully, "Fourth floor for me as well, Hank."
“Tony,” Steve said. Slowly, so he wouldn’t be misunderstood this time. “
“Why don’t you let us show you?” Steve asked. He nudged his head in the direction of the holo-screen. “We have a never ending supply of home videos thanks to you and Jarvis.”
“Just about.” Tony responds.
Steve turned away so Tony wouldn’t notice his pleased expression. But Tony just laughed softly and then buried his face into the crown of Steve’s head, his arms curling tighter around Steve’s body.
"Sana is an Omega weightlifting champion who competes in the general category. The first of her generation!" Tony told him, excitement obvious.
“Oh,this is a little dangerous,” Tony whispered, and Steve opened his eyes to look at him. Tony was flushed and his pupils were blown. At some point his tail had curled around Steve’s waist. “You’re very beautiful like this, Steve. I can feel how much you trust me. The way you feel-“ Tony’s voice cracked, and he pulled away.
Tony’s mouth fell open. His cock bobbed between them and Steve licked his lips. Steve wasn’t sure what convinced Tony. He was inclined to believe it was the instability of his own rut combined with the pheromones Steve had been pumping out into the room. He ran his fingers through Steve’s hair and then cursed to himself before pulling Steve in for a kiss. His mouth was feverish, and the scrape of his tongue against Steve’s was desperate.
Out of his fancy suit, Stark fit better into their surroundings than Steve would have initially assumed. He favored casual shirts and sweatpants that were often grease stained. “Oh, I’m perfectly fine, Steve.” Stark said, sticking his head out from around a branch. “And I thought I told you to call me Tony. I don’t know who this Mr. Stark is!”
Potts was going to die. He was going to die and Pym would probably not even notice. He sighed and tried not to fidget. He was starting to feel the chill, and it would be long before he was delirious with it.
The kid was so earnest. With his big brown eyes and curly brown hair, he did kind of remind Tony of himself as a kid. Finding out the cause of the illusion was suddenly a lot less appealing. If this was really a trick, someone had a sick sense of humor. A world where Steve Rogers was his husband and this sweet kid was his child did not exist. Tony was never that lucky.
“Here’s what you’re going to do,” Steve states, fingers twisting into Tony’s hair, “You’re going to eat me out, and then as a reward I’ll let you suck on my tits. Nod if you’re okay with that.”
Tony's voice lulled Steve and he found himself relaxing into the couch. That's when the couch dipped beside him and a weight settled against his shoulders. Steve froze. Tony was leaning against him with an armful of Goose, still whispering sweet things to the cat. "She's comfortable now and has her guard down. Since she can see that I've let you into my space and that I trust you, it will help her learn to trust you as well."
"I can see why." Steve said. "You're a lucky dad."
With a couple more well aimed thrusts, Tony was spilling deep inside Steve. His knot pulsed against the inside of Steve’s entrance, it made him feel little jolts of pleasure each time it happened. They had to remain like that until Tony’s knot subsided. Tony slumped down on top of Steve, and peeked one eye up at him.
Tony flops down on the bed beside him, he's freshly showered and his damp hair curls around his hairline. He looks at Steve and then makes a face, Steve doesn't move even as Tony reaches out and flicks his forehead.
“Could you..” He trailed off.
“Do you think, maybe,” Tony asked him, softly. He was always so gentle with Steve. “Just maybe, we could have a home now?”
"Do you mind if I ask why? You don't have to tell me if it's a sensitive topic." Tony said softly.
Tony's shoulder's slackened, "I've called Mccoy as well. Called in a favour. Pym is also working on a solution, but I figured you can't go wrong with an extra Hank."
It was the same expression Anthony wore when Tony explained his science projects to him in the lab. It warmed Steve’s heart to see it. He found himself being lulled into a doze by the happy ambience his husband and son were creating.
“I’m honored.” Steve told him, and Tony laughed like he thought Steve was just being sassy.
He saw Tony before the other man could acknowledge him. All the anxiety in his body, that had been coming in tidal waves that grew with each minute they were apart, just relaxed. It was like the strings that had been pulling him taut were all cut. His joints sagged, and it took all Steve had to maintain a casual pace and not rush to Tony’s side. Tony’s head snapped up as Steve drew closer to him, and then he inclined his head towards Steve. The movement was slow, and the look in Tony’s eyes was predatory when they descended on Steve. The heat came back like an avalanche of hot lava. Steve could
“Yep.” Peter answered.
Prompts: Affection, New.
"Sorry." Steve mumbles. "Just thinking about tomorrow."
Steve hesitated. “I’m not sure, maybe. But Tony, we’re real.”
Steve hated to call them friends, the word always coated heavily in double entendre when he thought it. They weren’t friends. Tony was easy with his words and easier with his relationships. He welcomed people to his bed like the turning of seasons, and Steve had abhorred the thought of being another notch to his bedpost. He still found himself drawn to it, despising and unable to resist the charm Stark cologned himself with. His couldn’t stop his hands from reaching out and twisting into dark locks, watching as the man’s breath hitched. Stark was so easy, and that never failed to arouse Steve. The rules to the game they were playing had been set in place at the start. Physical relief, it was quite common in the army. Lending a hand, a quick and easily accessible convenience. That’s what he and Stark were to each other. Stark himself emphasizing this at the beginning of their dalliance.
Potts froze, it was easy to read double meaning into a line like that. He shook his head, and brushed off the possibility. "You take care Stevens, try to come back in one piece, if you will."
Steve knew Stark’s type, a Casanova who had his pick of the litter. Steve was just one of the many to him. He stared up at the wall the thought settling uncomfortably in his stomach. There was a rustling sound as the speakers in the room turned on, “You paged us, Captain?” An elderly doctors voice asked, and Steve rolled off the bed. Standing up, he faced the glass wall. A doctor and two bulky attendants looked at him questioningly from behind the glass. Steve cleared his throat, and then, assuming there were microphones or something picking up what he was saying, he asked,  “Where’s Tony?”
"So we'll meet some more." Steve looked out of the window, "It'd beat having to call up some random service, at least."
Steve smells delicious, pre-heat pheromones pumping out of him amply. Tony’s been around other omegas before, both in heat and out of, but none of them smelled as good as Steve does. Steve tugs on the back of his head impatiently, like he knows Tony’s mind has strayed, and Tony runs his tongue enthusiastically along the seam of Steve’s mouth. Steve doesn’t waste time, he parts his mouth and his tongue reaches out to probe at Tony’s. The exchange is hot and wet, and Steve squirms under Tony in a way that lets him know that Steve’s probably dripping wet under those shorts.
Tony is pretty sure all the blood in his body is now in his dick, and he processes Steve’s words carefully, still facing the door. “So what you’re saying,” he tries, “Is that once every six months during your heat you...lactate? And it’s a result of the hormones in your body preparing to house a child?”
Steve bristled, “Well we don’t have to if you hate the idea.”
The boy paled, “I didn’t mean to-“
“Mr. Stark, are you alright?” Steve found himself asking for the third time that week. Despite the large stretch of wilderness around them, he bumped into the demon quite often. Stark was now unrecognizable compared to the first time Steve had seen him. The only thing that remained constant was his scent. Steve scratched his beard and looked up towards the top of the tree Stark was trying to climb.
Stevens paused, and that was enough to spur Potts into action. "Come grab a sandwich with me. The cafeteria should be open."
“Okay Tones, but whatever it is, you know I’m here for you right?”
He managed to fight through it however, and then signed up for one of SHIELD's gene mutation programs when he was twenty one. The results had been better than anyone could expect, on the outside Stevens looked like a whole new person. Peggy Carter offered him a position, and for the first time in his life Stevens found himself conflicted over what the right thing to do was.
Steve folded the letter neatly and kept it in a box where it stashed all the other letters he received. It was kind of his friends to write to him. They had all offered him a place to stay, but Steve didn’t want to impose.  He didn’t want to be the person who constantly reminded them of the past when they were trying to move on.
Steve shrugged it off and looked up at Stark expectantly. Stark returned the look with inexplicable fondness. He then kicked off the tree branch he was seated on. Steve caught him easily. Stark wasn’t light by any means. The man had some bulk on him, this could be because of his demon genetics or maybe he worked out.
Potts found himself smiling back. "So, what can I do for you, Captain?"
Tony grinned at him cheekily, “Cancelled. I’m all yours today.” He dropped another peck on Steve’s lips, “Everyday.”
“Alpha?” Steve mumbled, not sure what he was asking. Tony nosed away Steve’s hair and bit down on the back of his neck, not hard enough to scar. No matter how right it felt, he knew Tony wouldn’t mate him while they were both out of it like this. The feeling of Tony’s teeth soothed Steve, and he heard himself purring in response.
"Thank you." Steve replied. He accepted the flowers a little awkwardly and rubbed the soft petals between his fingers as he spoke. "I might be a bit of a mess today." He admitted. "I wasn't sure what the protocol was going to be." He squared his shoulders and then looked Tony in the eye. "It's my first time on a date with another omega."
Steve gave into the urge that was bothering him and leaned over to wipe the oil off of Tony’s nose. “Maybe. This is nice, being here. With you.” He admitted, a little shy.
me with it.” He ordered. Tony snarled, and then thrust into Steve, long and hard. His fingers dug into Steve’s hips, as he fucked himself into Steve with abandon. Steve moaned as Tony slammed into him, hitting the tight knot of pleasure deep inside. “That’s it,” He encouraged Tony. “Right there, Alpha. You’re being so good for me, Tony. Your cock fits into me so well. Stuff me with your come. Give me your pups.” he moaned filthily. “Make me yours, Alpha.” He gasped out. And Tony fucked into him with more desperation at every word that passed Steve’s lips. His knot slapped against Steve’s ass, and Steve squirmed against it.
Steve- it still hurt him to think about Tony. There was a panic in his chest that wouldn't leave him even when Tony was right in front of him. They had spent months assuming that Tony might be dead. Even if he hadn't been dusted, the chances of him returning had been painfully small. Steve had still clung on to a hope. He needed Tony. He didn't know why that had been so hard for him to admit before this, but Steve really needed Tony. And seeing Tony appear before them after months, Steve had just fallen to his knees before the man and broken down crying. It had been hours before he had been able to let go of Tony, days before he could bear to let Tony out of his sight without experiencing the symptoms of a panic attack. Steve had never been good at handling loss. He repressed his feelings, but when it was stripped down to raw emotion, he never knew what to do with himself, or how to cope.
“Well enough to order room service." He replies.
“He’s acting like some crazy mutt.” Fury grumbled, looking at the video feed on the screens.
Steve woke up feeling almost too warm that morning. He shuffled around a bit and then pried his eyes open. A tuft of dark hair blocked his vision and he huffed in amusement. Anthony was flopped over his chest, the two year old sleeping comfortably with his mouth open, one foot of the Iron man plushie he was snuggling with stuffed into his mouth. Steve rubbed a hand along the boy’s back.
“Yes, of course, sir. I’ll just open the door for you now.” The attendant, Darryl Williams as he had introduced himself, fumbled with his card pushing it against the scanner.
"I know that, Tony." Carol grasped his forearm gently.
Steve remembered nodding his head, being too young to truly understand his mother’s desperation, but frightened into a resolve nonetheless. He never forgot his medication, not before he had been injected with the serum and not after it.
“So, uh,” Tony gestured towards Steve’s tablet. “What do you think about all this?”
” Tony realizes, and he closes in on Steve, kneeling so that his legs are braced on either side of Steve’s. Tony feels more than flattered by Steve’s obvious arousal. The alpha in him preens, happy they could please their omega. “We can’t let you continue on in such a state now, can we?” Tony reaches out and brushes the back of his knuckles along Steve’s erection. They’re nose to nose now, a gentle smile curling on Tony’s lips at the rigidity of Steve’s body below his. He leans forward, pressing into Steve until he’s flat on his back, and brackets him in with hands on either side of his head. Tony licks his lips just to watch Steve’s control snap as he reaches out and pulls Tony down mashing their mouths together.
“It’s not!” Peter pushed away from Steve and jumped to his feet. “You’re my dad! And we’re your family!”
Tony froze. “I’ll have to call you back, Pep.”
“Alright, Darling,” He acquiesces, pressing one last peck to Steve’s mouth before getting on his haunches and standing up. Now that he doesn’t have Steve to distract him, his muscles ache from the workout, and he raises his arms above his head to stretch his back.
Tony prepared a whole presentation while absentmindedly braiding little twirls into Steve’s hair. Steve’s hair was really soft, and he leaned eagerly into Tony’s touch. His mouth was soft and lax, and he looked up at Tony with his big, blue eyes.
Steve flushed, and dropped the demon instantly. There was really no explanation for how he had been discretely feeling Stark up. Steve was a hermit, it had been a while since he touched
"Wait." He says, and then runs his fingers through his hair and pulls off his sleep pants so he's only in his boxers and shirt.
Steve swallowed thickly. Gregory Stark had called him. Tony’s brother never had a kind word to say about him, but there was something that could be mistaken for a plea in his tone when he explained Tony’s condition to Steve. How because of his tumor, this rut could be the one that killed him. Tony would never ask this of Steve, he was the epitome of a chivalrous Alpha. He would die believing it was the right thing to do rather than get a hooker up here for a night. The goddamn bastard was a romantic even now.
Stevens chuckled, blue eyes filled with mirth, "I don't know. You seem like a man who might need some supervision yourself, Doctor."
Steve rolled over so Tony was pinned under him. “You’re Iron man. You’re my best friend. My pack.”
They’ve been together at the gym for a while now, training together, so no one would question it if Steve smelt like Tony. Tony’s palms tremble from where they’ve come to rest on Steve’s shoulders. His heart thuds rapidly in his chest. He has never thought he’d be able to have this. Steve, pliant under him, looking up at him expectantly as Tony lowered his head, pressing the glands on the side of his neck to Steve’s. Steve’s glands are secreting copious amounts of oil to prepare the Omega for his upcoming heat, and Tony luxuriates in his scent. It’s deeply satisfying, to press his own glands there and have their scents merge.
One such time Pym found him loitering in the corridor just outside the elevator. He gave Stevens an odd look before passing by him and stepping inside. "Will you be getting on, Captain?" He asked. Stevens flushed and then shook his head, "That's, that's quite alright, I just realised I have somewh-" he caught sight of Potts heading their way, "-fourth floor, please," he said, as he got on, avoiding eye contact with Pym.
“Wait.” Steve stops him with a word, and Tony hovers at the door. Steve sighs. “You were going to find out sooner or later, I guess. I did hope later, I wanted to- explain or something first. But well, it’s weird right. It’s a pre-heat symptom, a pretty rare one I’m told. One of the things my body thinks it needs to do to prepare for a baby, or something like that. Weird, right?”
“Oh!” Potts gasps in delight, while they take the elevator to together to the fourth floor. “You’re absolutely brilliant, Cap.” He tells the pup sincerely. “Such a good boy,” He says, burying a fond grin into the puppy’s back.
His brow twitched. He overturned his emotions and identified irritation. Huffing, he flipped over to his side on the bed and punched his pillow to fluff it up. He could picture Stark’s playful expression and come-hither eyes had they been allowed to remain together. He would have lounged across the bed and probably said something utterly ridiculous like,
Steve considered shrugging it off, but then a particularly bad cramp had him curling up at the waist. Tony slid closer to him. He rubbed a palm long Steve’s curved spine. “Do you want to go back, Cap?”
“It’s a stereotype!” Tony grumbled, as he poured each of them a glass of wine. “A stupid propaganda to tempt more people to join the cause. Incubi and Succubi alike were used to create this delusional lie. I mean, don’t get me wrong. There are absolutely people out there who chose to do sexwork. It’s absolutely a respectable choice. And then there are those who choose to do other things. The sexualization of our species shouldn’t be a caricature for society to mock is what I’m trying to say.”
------
There is a lot Steve loves about Tony, his best friend, but looking at Tony’s relaxed and trusting expression as he let Steve mark him, a tender emotion blooms delicately in Steve. He is reluctant to let go, but his own scent, sandalwood and warm, sunlit forest leaves, overlaps perfectly over Tony’s own. So Steve releases Tony and anchors his hands back to his sides.
“Then you should realize, that they aren’t putting Mr. Stark,
Steve’s stomach twisted at the memory. He imagined Tony pouring his drink on Steve instead, down his abdominals, red liquid dripping into the part of his thighs staining the pale skin. He would smirk wickedly at Steve, upper lip pulled back to show a flash of teeth, eyes dark and predatory as he lowered his head and flattened his tongue into the groove of Steve’s muscles, licking and sucking the sweet drink from his skin. The softness of his mouth and scraping of his beard along Steve’s skin as he descended lower would have Steve a panting mess, his stomach flexing under the attention as Tony bit and sucked him, bruising the skin with determination. The marks wouldn’t last, but they’d be there for Steve to see. Tony would swipe his tongue over his lips looking at Steve’s cock, dripping with alcohol and pre-come, stood up tense under the attention. He’d follow the line of red liquid first, digging his tongue into the tip, making Steve keen, before swallowing him whole.
Tony felt the oncoming panic attack and he abruptly stood. Steve and Peter’s worried faces were crowding him, and Tony- he- he couldn’t breathe. He just needed to get out of here, to get to the open. He didn’t know how he managed to deploy the armor when he was pretty sure he couldn’t speak. But the armor flew him out of the tower until he was miles away, circling under New York’s sky. He found a place to land, on top of a shawarma shop for some reason, and suffered through his panic attack.
“You didn’t. But Mr. Stark is in there right now because he tries to save lives. Let’s respect that, shall we?”
"My heat is in two weeks." Steve stated apropos and Tony almost veered off the road. "I mean," he mumbled, "if you're not doing anything at that time, we could maybe, spend it together."
It shouldn’t have surprised him as much as it did. He was living up to a stereotype too, after all. A lone werewolf inhabiting a cabin in the woods. But Steve had been living alone in the woods for months, so maybe he wasn’t too much at fault for just staring at the man like a bug eyed fish.
“Yes, everyone saw that.” The attendant looked at Steve, confused. “You didn’t need the news for that, just had to look outside your window.”
Steve smiled at him, and the way he looked at Tony. Like Tony was his, and he was Tony’s and they all belonged to each other.
He was watching a clip of him fighting a battle against giant extraterrestrials with Captain America, a big green dude, and some other people when the door to his lab opened. Captain America came rushing in, and for a moment the man on the screen overlapped with the real life person.
Alpha, Beta and Omega. There was a surprisingly large amount to read up on. Social dynamics, mating cycles, courting rituals, the biology of an Apha versus that of an Omega. The reproduction cycle.
“Very.” Steve grumbled, but they both knew he was all bark and no bite. He hesitated for a moment and then decided it was better to ask than to assume wrong. “Does food even sustain you?”
The armor was not Tony’s either. He considered his options. He could call Pepper, but if this was an illusion, some kind of trick he couldn’t trust anyone. He took a deep breath, and then called Pepper anyway.
Stark looked hesitant and then he nodded. “I might be a little bit stuck? Honestly, it was pretty easy to get up here, I don’t know why the opposite is so much more complicated.”
Tony didn't feel too reassured, but when it came to Steve he didn't think anything would assuage his fears. But he gave Carol a look of appreciation and then went to don his armour. It wasn't easy doing this in the lab while trying not to disturb Steve's slumber. Usually, even the slightest noise would be enough to wake Steve, but Steve's current state allowed Tony to make it to the door without hindrance.
"Judy Blume." Potts murmured. "That's an interesting choice."
Steve inhaled sharply. “Tony.” He said, sounding anguished. It shook Peter up as well, he got up from the bean bag and reached out to Steve, “Pa? What’s wrong, is it really that bad?” He sounded very much like Tony did right before a panic attack.
Steve hoisted his head into his hand, and looked down at Tony. Tony peered up at him through weary eyes. Steve sighed, and then just tugged Tony impossibly closer.
The light in the washroom falls harsh on Steve’s eyes, but he doesn’t dare blink. Tony angles his head back a little, resting them comfortably on Steve’s fingers, giving him better access. Steve licks his dry lips, and then presses his glands to Tony’s once more. Tony’s skin is warm, and Steve can feel the flutter of a heart beat under his thumb. He brushes a caress over it and Tony sighs imperceptibly.
Steve paused with the rim of a second bottle of water at his mouth, “Yeah,” he replied slowly, looking directly at Tony, who was now arranging the food on the tray. Tony sat on the corner of the bed and then handed Steve a packaged muffin, “Eat, and then we can move on to taking care of your other needs.” He said with an easy smile that crinkled his eyes.
“Well,” Steve hedges, looking a little embarrassed, and he shifts his body in a way Tony is learning to recognize. It draws Tony’s eyes to Steve’s hips, where he’s sporting a semi, ill concealed by the pair of blue shorts he had decided to wear for their short bout.
They can. Steve's gone over the mission multiple times in his head. Their target is Omega traffickers who have been using a pheromone spray to induce heat and kidnap omegas under the pretence of aiding them. The mission objective is to find out where the central warehouse is located. It's a risk, but Steve received credible information of its location in Florence, a city bustling with tourists.
Tony was sitting rigidly beside him. Ever since he had agreed to do this with Steve, he hadn’t glanced Steve’s way. He led them out of the Triskelion with his press smile plastered to his face, and then sat in the car with a false air of nonchalance. He only grew tenser the more time he spent in the car with Steve. It made Steve uncomfortable, seeing him like this.
He loosens his shoulders and plasters a genial smile on his face. He still has his guard up, but when he opens the door it's just one of the staff come to deliver their room service. Tony hops off the bed and eagerly walks over to peruse the contents of the trolley.
Steve turns around and heads to the bathroom. He doesn't look back, but he's pretty sure Tony will asses Steve's work through the lone mirror in the room. Caught off guard or not, Tony is as competitive as he is after all.
A sunny smile rises on Tony’s face, lighting up the man’s golden brown features. “Just a little.” He echos.
“Great.” Steve nods again. His head feels like it’s going to detach from his body and start floating to the ceiling. He can’t take his eyes off Tony’s neck.
Steve has heard the stories of Tiberius Stone. He is not fond of these stories. Maybe that’s why the next words tumble out of his mouth.
Tony complies easily. The warm water seeps through his pants on contact with the floor. On his knees, he looks up at Steve, waiting to be told what to do next. His cock is hard in his pants, tenting the front, he wants to touch it, but he keeps his hands obediently to his sides. Steve steps out from under the shower, and walks the two steps needed to take him to Tony’s side. “Good boy,” he praises, and Tony thinks he might come right then. The praise flutters in his stomach, spreading molten heat through his body.
“I want to kiss you now.” Steve told him, abruptly. Tony laughed but he leaned up on one arm to oblige as Steve twisted around in his arms. There were so many things they still needed to talk about, so many things Steve still needed to tell Tony. But with what time they might have left, Steve was glad to do this first.
Prompts: Puppy, praise.
Steve holds him, hand curled steadily around Tony’s neck. The tips of his fingers brush at the edge of Tony’s own glands sending sparks of heat along his skin. They remain as such, breathing heavily and nuzzling each other in content. Tony is deep in a pleasure induced state when he realizes that Steve’s saying something to him.
Steve rolled his eyes at Tony.
"Yeah but, it was different. He looked really happy." Anthony mumbled.
"Of course I want to Steve!" Tony immediately amended. "But we only just met. Are you sure you'd be okay with me being there?"
Ah yes, Steve remembers. They booked this room as Mr. and Mr. Grant. A newly wed couple who had come to Florence for their honeymoon. Tony's playing his part, and Steve has to play his.
Tony took in Anthony's pout and dropped a kiss on his forehead, "But hey, you liked him enough to swipe right, and if that doesn't give him a very good chance at being Mr. Right, well, I don't know what does."
Steve nodded, “It would be a big help.” He added.
Steve raised a brow, “If straight men suck their boyfriend’s dick, then sure.”
"I just want you to be happy."
“Bre’fas’.” Ant declared as Tony came into the room with a tray filled with food. “Dada made. Ant helped.”
Steve shrugged. He was sitting on the floor beside Tony’s workstation. Tony had covered it in blankets and pillows, and well, it was almost like a den. Steve hadn’t felt this relaxed in a while. Tony checked him in the shoulder with his hip. He stood over his workstation and was fiddling with a device. (“I need to be doing ten things at once, Steve. It’s like, a requirement.”)
“You really know how to do a guy a solid, Cap.” Tony laughs, and Steve’s lips quirk involuntarily as he smiles dopily at Tony.
Steve allowed himself to bask in the sensation. Pliant, as Tony maneuvered him fully onto the bed while he continued to kiss Steve, a hard suck on his tongue made Steve groan as more slick released from his lower region. It was a part of himself he had never thought about, the slit that started just behind his balls. But it throbbed now, and he clenched his thighs together chasing that sensation.
"So what you're saying is that you get to worry because you know when we're going to fail?" Steve asks, sceptically.
“Wouldn’t it just be easier to hunt down the wizard?” Tony questioned.
"Me too." Steve agreed, possibly a little too eagerly. But Tony just smiled brilliantly back at him.
"There's not much of a story." Potts answered.
“Do you need help getting down?” Steve asked him.
“What do you mean SHIELD has a postnatal ward?” Stevens asks, shooting Director Carter the most dumbfounded look he could manage.
"I beg your pardon. I am perfectly capable of calling Mr. Rogers by his first name. There's just an order to these things." Tony sniffed.
He tapped his phone on his hand, and then sent out two messages. Two minutes later, Captain Marvel was standing in front of Tony sporting a look that was part scrutiny and part amusement.
“I just do.” Steve replied, quietly. He always did have a good set of observation skills. Steve had scrutinized all of his teammates, to an extent. Tony Stark probably the most. He felt comfortable when he could place someone. Fit them into the map of his mind. Most people fell somewhere on Steve’s spectrum of judgement.
"I've had a lovely time." Tony told him.
“What, you’re-“ Tony visibly sniffed the air again, and his eyes widened when he probably caught the sweetening nature of Steve’s scent. “Oh. You’re not.”
Steve’s mother wasn’t wealthy by a long shot, but she was an alpha nurse. Steve still wasn’t certain what she had done to get her hands on the medication. He was pretty sure it was something illegal. His mother had always been kind to him, except that one time after he presented. She had gripped his shoulders firmly as she looked him in the eye. He had been thirteen then, and frightened by the crazed look in his usually gentle mother’s eyes. “Please, Stevie.” She had begged as her nails pinched into his skin. “You must never forget to take them. Ever. This is not like your other medication.
Potts shook his head, "It wasn't for me, I'm better fitted to knocking heads with Pym here in the lab." He rubbed his chest absentmindedly, hoping Stevens wouldn't read into it.
Tony gasped as they both took note of the slick running thickly down Steve’s now bare legs. “I’ve been thinking about it for three days, and then another five hours after arriving here. You’re an asshole for not calling me. We- aren’t we supposed to be friends?” Steve asked him, blinking back the vulnerability that was wetting his eyes. He had never done anything like this in his life, and now he was standing in the room of his first friend in the twenty-first century, who was
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony’s eyes softened. “Is there anything I can do? To help?”
Tony groaned loud, he leaned forward to rest his forearms on either side of Steve’s head, darkened blue eyes searching Steve’s as his expression twisted with arousal. Steve stopped breathing as their eyes met. He palmed Tony’s cheek gently, “C’mon Tony, fuck me sweetheart.” He mumbled, brushing his lips against Tony’s. Tony whined at the endearment, and then his hips were snapping against Steve’s, his cock filling Steve up again and again as he fucked him aggressively into the mattress. Steve clenched hard on each downthrust, enjoying how Tony’s mouth parted as another moan tore out of it.
