Cas rolled into the space that Dean vacated and reached up to trace his fingers down Dean’s back. He trailed his fingers up and down, swirling in loops and curves over the muscles of Dean’s back, and probably his freckles, Dean realized. It was not quite ticklish, and the light touch felt so good Dean almost groaned before he realized that Cas hadn’t answered him.
“You came over to me and you grabbed me.” Cas squinted a little as if trying to remember. “There may have been kissing. God, I wish I remembered that better.”
For one thing, Cas used to practically swim in the t-shirts Dean lent him. But all of Dean’s band shirts now pull snugly across Cas’s chest, straining at the arms. Dean can’t stop staring, trying to decide if it’s worth it for him to take up running and weight training as well.
He straightened up quickly at the sound that came out and turned to Cas, aghast. “What the fuck is this?”
The next morning Dean wakes with a start to find the bed empty. He shuffles sleepily into his living room, lured by the smell of coffee, and stops short at the scene before him.
But now this— this felt different. With his fingers buried in silken wings Dean felt very, very small. He swallowed hoarsely.
Dean let out a breathy laugh, and tried to school his voice into something more casual. “Don’t see that happening any time soon, buddy. But yeah,” he added hastily when Cas frowned at him. “Sure thing.”
He nudges one of the beers at Dean, then slides the other down to Charlie, who is seated on Dean's other side. As she reaches, their fingers brush and Charlie visibly flinches. Castiel pulls his hand back quickly, but the exchange does not go unnoticed by Dean.
Cas looked completely crestfallen and a little like a lost puppy, and Dean felt something squeeze in his chest. He realized then that he may have spent all night worrying about nothing. It was just Cas. Sweet, dorky, Cas; who was the very picture of a nervous wreck himself.
It’s all very normal, and Dean can almost forget that Cas has been acting a bit odd. He’s most likely worrying for nothing.
Dean dove for cover behind the couch and Cas managed to call the bird back to him. It perched happily on Cas’s shoulder and nuzzled against his face. “Asshole,” it cooed softly.
The thing is, Cas hates his job in accounting. He always comes home in a huff, fumbling angrily at the tie around his throat and the buttons of his shirt sleeves. Dean loves Cas in his suit—all stiff pressed lines and taut material stretched tight across his shoulders that makes Dean want to sink to his knees. But he also adores watching Cas come home and shed the layers of stiffness for his worn jeans and hoodie and tumble into Dean’s arms all soft and rumpled.
“The rat?” Dean stares down at the bag in disbelief. “You stayed in a burning building for your rat?”
"Well Cas, I guess you got your party." Sam distributes another round of beer and pats Castiel on the back as he wanders off to speak with Bobby and the other dozens of people that followed them back into the bunker. It's more guests than Castiel can ever remember seeing here at one time when they weren't under attack.
“Sam, yeah. He’s here in Vegas with me, actually. I should call him. He might be able to fill in some blanks from last night and he’s probably wondering where the hell I am.” Dean trailed off, trying again to recall what had happened with his brother last night and why they had fought. “Have you seen my phone?” It hadn’t been in his back pocket where he normally kept it.
“I’m a little foggy on the rest,” Dean admitted. Judging from Sam’s texts, he hadn’t handled it well. What Dean was still struggling to remember was how he’d managed to wind up married and in bed with a total stranger when Sam was the one who was supposed to be tying the knot.
Dean groaned. It was a mark of just how tired he was that he was even considering the possibility of a relationship. He was being ridiculous. There was no way they could stay married. Dean didn’t
Cas picks carefully at the tape and slowly peels back the paper. “Claritin?” He holds up the box of pills and looks at Dean in confusion.
The man looked around, taking in the rumpled sheets, the clothes strewn across the room, an empty condom wrapper, and finally down at his own naked form. He looked back down at Dean. “I think you might be a little gay.”
Cas let out a colossal sigh. “It’s just this whole divorce thing.” He gestured at the papers strewn across the table. “I wish…” he trailed off, looking around the apartment until his gaze fell on Dean and he went silent. “Never mind,” he mumbled.
“Hey there, I’m sorry.” Cas picked her up and snuggled her to his chest. The cat nuzzled into him and purred. “You don’t like being alone, huh?” The cat burrowed further into Cas’s chest in response.
The next time he wakes up, Castiel’s hands are heavily bandaged and not, in fact, on fire, even if they feel that way.
“I’m sorry, okay?” he says. “I swear, we can just pretend this never happened. We can go right back to being friends, and—”
Eileen laughed and pulled him into a hug. When she leaned back, she wiggled a finger under her chin, then pointed at Cas with a raised eyebrow.
He found a handful of potatoes under the sink that were beginning to resemble a science experiment and he set to dicing them. There were also a few slices of stale bread left, some milk that didn’t smell completely expired, and two eggs. Dean was just laying the French toast down to fry when Cas walked in.
“Yes,” Cas said with no hesitation, not even looking up from his plate as he began cutting his kiwi neatly into small pieces alongside his eggs.
Castiel just stares. A beat passes, in which Dean quietly celebrates his victory before Castiel manages to speak. “I’m sorry I laughed at you,” he blurts.
It’s the wings that finally do it. He thinks of Benjamin’s broken wings and he just can’t sit here anymore twiddling his thumbs. Dean Winchester doesn’t twiddle his goddamn thumbs.
“Yes,” Cas relents. “It’s… what I would have liked. But it would mean about a twenty percent cut in pay and we’re not exactly swimming in money here.”
Later that night, Cas presses soft kisses all down the inside of Dean’s thighs and swallows around him. He makes a valiant effort, and normally Dean’s dick would be very appreciative of the swirls Cas’s tongue is making— the way he hollows his cheeks and trails one finger a little further back. But tonight, Dean finds himself a little too distracted by stray thoughts about Cas’s strange behaviour, making it difficult for him to… fully participate.
Dean can feel his face heating up. It gets worse as Castiel laughs. A chuckle at first, and then a deep throaty laugh. His head tips back and his lips spread wide into a contagious sort of smile that might be kind of adorable if Dean weren’t currently the most humiliated he’s ever been in his life.
Dean stops suddenly at the sound of rustling behind him and whirls around to find Cas standing slack-jawed in the doorway. Pimmy dances excitedly in her cage at the sight of him.
Dean barely gets the door to his room shut before he’s shoving Cas against the wall and rutting against him.
Dean furrowed his brow, trying to remember his social security number. He was filling out his address in Kansas when Cas returned with a bowl of hot, buttery popcorn and sank onto the couch much closer to Dean than he had been before. Not quite close enough that they were touching, but if Dean were to spread his leg out a bit, their knees would bump together. He kept his leg very still.
She squealed excitedly and Sam’s smirk took on a level of smugness Dean hadn’t realized was possible.
“You little shit,” Dean laughed. He found a remote for the TV under the bird’s cage and turned it off. Balthazaar ruffled his feathers indignantly and squawked angrily at him: “
There’s a ferocious determination in Cas’s gaze now, undermined somewhat by his frankly adorable use of air quotes. Dean’s not sure what to do with this information though, so he just keeps staring until Cas speaks again.
He worries about what will come next. But it’s surprisingly natural— inevitable even, when Cas abandons the couch and returns to Dean’s bed. They forgo their separate sides of the mattress, and meet instead in the middle.
“Right, okay. For the omelettes, you gotta flip them at just the right moment. If you wait too long they’ll burn, and if you flip ‘em too soon they’ll fall apart and run all over the place.”
Looking around, Dean realized that the kitchen was beautiful. There was a long granite counter and shiny appliances that all looked like they’d hardly ever been used. As Dean poked around a bit, he realized that was probably close to the truth; Cas’s kitchen wasn’t exactly equipped to cook in. There were expensive dishes in the cupboards, but little food. Some granola bars, instant soup, mac and cheese. He fared no better in the fridge where there were some expired condiments, half empty takeout containers, and not much else. The freezer was stuffed full with microwave dinners.
Bobby pulled him to his feet and gave him a gruff hug. Dean squeezed hard, hoping it would convey all his love and gratitude and everything he couldn’t put into words.
There was a half empty carton of eggs on the table, one of which had fallen to the floor and cracked open, yolk smeared everywhere as though it had been stepped in. A loaf of bread balanced precariously on the counter, threatening to topple over. A gooey white substance that Dean deduced to be pancake batter was splattered everywhere— the counter, the cupboards, the floor— as though there had been some sort of explosion. There was a large splotch on the ceiling that was steadily dripping down with a plop, plop, plop.
He sat back on the tile floor and looked around. The washroom was huge. There was a deep soaker tub, a large marble vanity, and a walk-in shower. His ass was warm and he realized with a start that the floor was heated. He let out a low whistle of appreciation.
“Mmm.” Dean wiggled a bit, figuring it was definitely time now to get up before they crossed the line from no-strings sex to post-coital cuddling.
Dean shrugged. “Yeah, I mean, I guess. Sam and my dad have never really seen eye to eye. I know he wanted out of there, bad. But I’ve been keeping things going, you know? Keeping us afloat for when he came back.”
“For taking care of my boys,” she says simply. Then she adds, “He’ll come around. What you did for them— for us—thank you just doesn’t seem to cut it.”
Cas brought his own dinner back to the couch along with a bowl of milk. He set it down on the floor, but the cat seemed about as unenthused about the milk as she had the tuna. She sniffed at them both, and looked back up at Cas’s mac and cheese.
One hand still wrapped around them both, Dean managed to get his other hand into Cas’s wings again. He tugged gently at the feathers, then a little more forcefully. Cas keened beneath him. His wings snapped out to either side as if by instinct, sending a lamp crashing to the floor. Cas’s face screwed up, his wings pulsating. They were beautiful—Cas was beautiful—the most mesmerizing thing Dean had ever seen, and he was wrecked and broken and coming apart in Dean’s arms. Cas let out a broken sob that sounded like Dean’s name and came hard, spilling between them.
Dean emerges from the washroom examining his own hands with childlike glee, and fuck, Castiel wants to touch him. Dean stares down at his hands as he walks towards Castiel. He’s talking animatedly, but Castiel isn’t listening, lost as he is in his own world.
And magic was an endless source of fascination to Castiel. He knew it wasn’t real, of course, but he liked to imagine. His favourite books were ones filled with witches and spells and all manner of supernatural creatures. It was these fantastical tales that he kept in stock at his bookstore,
He pushed Cas up against the wall in the hallway, leaning in to suck bruising kisses down the line of Cas’s neck. This he could do. This was familiar. The scratching sensation and burn of stubble against his lips was new, but intoxicating, and Dean savoured the salty tang of sweat on Cas’s skin, wondering what he would taste like further down. He bit gently on the flesh of Cas’s shoulder and was rewarded with a sharp inhale of breath.
all around him before he was consumed by it and toppled headlong over the edge. He collapsed onto Cas, shuddering apart in his arms.
come home, he brushes past Dean like a whirlwind and heads straight for the washroom, like he’s done every time he’s come home late. A wave of artificial scent like cheap air freshener trails behind him and Dean sneezes.
“I won’t take no for an answer,” Cas interrupted. “If you don’t order something, I’ll order for you.” He skimmed the menu and smirked. “And I’ll be ordering you the healthwise egg-white spinach omelette.”
While Dean worked, Cas let Balthazar out of his cage, ostensibly for some exercise. It turned out to be rather ill-advised; they had both underestimated just how forcefully the bird disliked Dean. It chased him all around the apartment, squawking angrily and snapping at him.
The cat’s bravado seemed to deflate a little as Cas scooped her up in his arms. She shivered against his chest, and he curled his arms around her protectively.
“Right,” Sam said, snapping into action. “Okay we can fix this. There’s gotta be a way to reverse the spell.”
He fell asleep each night with his phone in hand, smiling at the last text he’d received from Cas. And he would wake up each morning, checking for anything new.
Dean smirked, but before he had a chance to fully savour his victory, Cas pulled him upright and close against his chest. One arm wound around his waist, the other snaked across his chest to flick at a nipple, and Dean’s head fell back heavily against Cas’s shoulder. Dean’s entire weight was being held up by Cas, who started to move faster, the slap of skin against skin echoing in the room.
Taking advantage of the time alone, he called Bobby to let him know that he’d be home later than expected. Bobby grumbled an awful lot about Dean taking more time off work from the garage, but he changed his tune when he told him about Sam’s surprise wedding.
When Dean returned to the bedroom, his hookup had stripped the sheets from the bed and tidied up. He was sitting on the end of the bed, mercifully clothed now, scrolling through his phone.
,” Cas urged. “In Vegas.” He looked at his watch pointedly, then up at Dean. “The mugging was only this this morning.”
Dean breathed out. “It’s fine, we managed. I took care of Sammy. I always have. I got a bunch of part-time jobs to keep us afloat when Dad couldn’t manage or was off on a bender. Dropped out of school when it got bad, but I wasn’t much good at school anyway. Sammy was always the smart one. I was so proud of him when he got into Stanford, but it kind of tore me apart at the same time, you know? He left and….”
Cas scowls and wraps his arms protectively around the gym bag in his lap. “Careful! You’ll hurt Pimmy.”
“Well I’m going to get the other supplies and get things started,” Sam said. “Take a look, will you? There’s gotta be something of his around here somewhere.”
“Blasphemous.” Dean felt the upward turn of Cas’s mouth as he smiled into the next kiss. “Obstinate.” Three more kisses trailed down his throat. “Mine.”
And then Cas started moving. Slow and gentle still, but the sensation was unspeakably intense. Cas whispered softly into his ear, little murmurs that Dean couldn’t make out, but that sounded suspiciously affectionate. Frowning, he pushed back to meet Cas’s thrusts, urging him to pick up the pace and fuck him harder. He was rewarded with a loud groan from Cas, whose rhythm stuttered for a moment.
“Okay, so this spell should work to reverse animal transformation,” Sam said, and shoved an open book towards Dean. “We’ve got all the supplies, we just need a personal belonging from the person who was turned.”
The next morning Sam groggily stumbles down the hall of the bunker on his way to the kitchen. He comes to a halt after passing Dean’s room and backtracks a few steps to Dean’s open doorway. His brother and his best friend are tangled together in a heap of blankets and Sam smiles to himself.
“Dean, I love this.” Cas smiles down at him from the stairs before starting back up. “I’ll be right down,” he calls. The bathroom door slams shut upstairs and Dean hears the sound of running water.
Cas appeared too stunned to speak. It wasn’t until Dean started moving again, crouching to tackle the broken egg first, that Cas sprang into action.
Castiel is breathless with it and he’s sure Ishim must see right through him and read him like an open book.
“I dusted the witch,” Dean said. “But not before she got Cas. She was aiming for me and Cas—there was this little gold ball that she threw at me and Cas jumped in front of it and—” he peered over the edge of the cooler. “You dumb sonofabitch,” he muttered. “It should have been me.”
Dean, as it turned out, did not have a suit to wear to the wedding that night. Not that anyone could blame him, really. It’s not like he’d expected to show up in Vegas and need a monkey suit for a wedding, of all things.
into a pond. A frog agrees to retrieve it for her if she will love him and keep him as a companion. Her father, the king, makes her keep her promise and she must carry the frog around with her to eat from her plate and sleep on her pillow.”
It was only a few days until Halloween, and Castiel was attempting to string candles from the ceiling with fishing wire to give the illusion of them floating in midair. He was balanced precariously on a ladder when Sam Winchester burst through the door, sounding the bell overhead.
Cas smirked. “You seem to be more muscular than I am through the shoulders.” Cas licked his lips and his gaze ran lasciviously up Dean’s body.
Dean flops back onto his pillow with a groan. He tries to sound unbothered, but his voice breaks a little when he speaks.
“Right,” said Sam. “You said just about anyone could get married in Vegas and didn’t that undermine the sanctity of the thing.” He laughed. “As if you’ve ever cared about the sanctity of anything.”
Cas reaches out as if to touch Dean’s face, and his hand hangs unsure of itself in midair until Dean leans into it. He lets his eyes flicker shut once more as Cas strokes a thumb gently over his cheek.
Frowning, he scooped Cas up and deposited him back in the bowl. “I could have smushed you if I’d rolled over, you know.”
It’s been excruciating all this time without Dean and now he’s finally here. Cas wants to soak Dean in, wants to scrub him clean of the prison grime and smooth away the new lines that have formed on his hardened face. He wants to breathe him in and re-catalogue every freckle. Instead he watches Dean disappear down the hall and slam his bedroom door.
Dean frowned, trying to remember a blonde woman that night, but came up empty. He cleared his throat. “So, we couldn’t have done anything without a license. We can’t be married, then.”
The monster looked about as baffled as Dean felt. The knife, just now hurtling through the air, was nowhere to be seen.
He chanced a glance down at Cas who was staring up at him, hair askew, eyes wide in wonder. Dean squeezed his eyes shut and could feel shame heating his face.
He clapped his hands together and spun around on the spot, evaluating. Satisfied that there was nothing else burning, he pushed a kitchen chair over to the center of the kitchen, stood on top of it, and yanked the smoke alarm out of the ceiling. It continued to blare mercilessly, until he managed to wrench the batteries out of it and then it fell blissfully silent.
"Dean!" Cas called, and rushed towards him. But the monster flicked its hand, and Cas was thrown against the wall next to him a few feet away.
“Dean. . .” Castiel’s hands betray him again, sliding up and stroking through Dean’s hair. It’s electric to finally feel. One hand trails down Dean’s neck, coming to rest with a thumb stroking against an erratic pulse, and Dean tips forward, eyes closed— his forehead bumping gently against Castiel’s own.
Dean hesitates too, but a moment later he is collapsing into his arms, shaking slightly, pulling Castiel tight, and it’s
“Hey,” Dean said, suddenly perking up. “I know why I got hammered last night. What about you? What do
“I don’t know.” And Dean really doesn’t know, doesn’t have a clue. “We’re not exactly ready to take on God, not in this state. Weren’t even sure we could, before, but now… now we’re just… nobodies.
. To taste where his hands can’t touch. But as he sways forward, Dean lets out a sudden laugh and clambers to his feet.
Dean turned around to roll his eyes at Cas, but found that he'd wandered off. Alone, Dean made his way back in the direction of the food. Along the way a scantily clad Wonder Woman sidled up next to him and flicked her lasso against his thigh.
But now Dean’s offering to trade blow jobs. It’s not something Castiel ever imagined being able to have, and he knows it’s a terrible idea. Dean obviously doesn’t feel the same way; his proposal is both pragmatic and temporary. Once they quell their raging libidos things will return to normal. Castiel isn’t sure he’ll ever be able to go back to normal after something like this though— to have such close intimacy with Dean only to have it snatched away. But if they do nothing, Castiel will spend the rest of his life wondering
Dean had intended to remain silent as well to preserve his concentration, but lasted all of ten seconds before blurting out everything that was swirling in his head.
Dean glares at Ishim, who could crush him like a bug, and Cas feels a swell of affection for Dean’s reckless impudence.
Castiel is speechless. Yesterday had been incredible, but he had been under no illusions that it would be allowed to continue. And yet, here they are. . .
Cas felt around for his phone to call 911, and kicked himself when I realized he'd left his cell in the living room last night after his call with Gabriel. He picked up his bedside lamp, the only object in the vicinity half-resembling any sort of weapon and began to tiptoe down the hall towards the noise.
Much later, Dean finds himself tucked under Cas’s arm as long fingers card softly through his hair. With his cheek pressed to Cas’s side, he listens to the steady thump of Cas’ heartbeat, watches the rise and fall of his chest, and allows the soft sound of his breathing to lull him to sleep.
Cas laughed, and wiped them away with his thumbs. “We skipped over so much last time. Got it all assbutt backwards. Not that there’s a right way to do these things, but I know I came on too strong. I always do that, I can’t seem to help it. I know I probably scared you, and I don’t want—“
“How was the hunt?” Sam asked. His nose was buried in a book and he didn’t look up when Dean trudged into the bunker library.
Sam levelled him with an epic bitch face before continuing. “Maybe the key to breaking the curse is to look at the fairy tales themselves. The deaths that looked like a werewolf attack looked like Little Red Riding Hood. There was the woman who died eating an apple who you called Snow White.” Sam grinned. “What fairy tale turns people into a frog?”
His other hand clenched in Cas’s wings and his rhythm faltered when he felt something warm and oily squirt in his hand. He pulled back.
He was bad for Cas. He was toxic, and he had to leave before he made things worse. Dean was not relationship material, never had been, and Cas clearly deserved so much more than this. Than him. This whole marriage thing was just ridiculous. A drunken escapade and nothing more.
Back in the living room, Dean spread the papers out on the coffee table again. His car would be ready the following morning, so he was anxious to get everything finished today. Though, the thought of leaving Vegas– of leaving Cas– was beginning to make Dean feel a bit…
Castiel blinks. Dean is scared of him? This is so much worse than he’d even realized. Before he can stop himself, he’s blurting out apologies.
The real turning point had been when John checked into a rehab clinic. He’d relapsed once since, but seemed to be doing well now. Although Dean had moved to Vegas a long time ago, Bobby had kept a careful eye on his father, and Dean checked in regularly.
, where he normally can’t leave fast enough. And on the nights Cas comes home late, he stinks of a weird cheap scent and rushes to shower before he’ll even come near Dean, let alone touch him. And, perhaps most concerning of all, on the nights Cas comes home late from work he’s been in a wonderful mood, with a lightness and cheeriness about him that’s uncharacteristic for having spent a long day at the office.
“By making you breakfast,” Cas sighed. “I had groceries delivered. You complained yesterday that I didn’t have anything, but you still made such delicious food. I wanted to return the favour.”
Cas didn’t seem keen to cool things down though. He pulled back abruptly and dropped to the floor, pulling Dean’s pants down with him. He nosed all around Dean’s groin, pressing soft kisses to his hip and inner thighs, and Dean jolted at the feel of Cas’s stubble down there as his cock rubbed against Cas’s cheek. Cas licked at his balls, rolling one in his mouth, before licking a long stripe up the underside of Dean’s dick and letting his tongue lap up the pre-come that had formed at the tip. Dean’s legs began to quiver and Cas finally took pity on him and took him fully in his mouth. He sucked hard, inching lower until his nose was buried in Dean’s pubic hair, then swallowed around him.
He misses how the soft sounds of Cas sleeping next to him used to drown out the crackle of flames in his mind.
"Hey there, Indy. I see you've got a whip too." She winked, and Dean realized with a jolt how very young she looked. "Know how to use yours?"
He slid into the driver’s side, buckled in, and turned to look at the cat again. She was sitting upright in the passenger seat next to him, staring out the front window expectantly.
“It’s ten minutes from us, and it’s up for sale,” Sam said, practically bouncing up and down. “The cheque should cover most of it, or at least a sizable down payment. I talked to the seller, and he’s agreed to hold offers for a few days to give you a chance to come see it, if you’re interested.” His words started to spill out quickly in his excitement and Eileen placed a hand on his arm to slow him down. He took a deep breath and continued. “It needs quite a bit of work, but you’re handy, and it’s on a big lot. There’s even beehives out back.”
“But if it does,” Cas whispers, “know that there’s nothing you could ever do or say that would make me stop loving you, or that would make me want to stop being your friend.”
if I hadn’t done something!” But as soon as the words are out of his mouth, he visibly deflates and stares down at his lap. When he speaks again, his voice is barely louder than a whisper. “I’m sorry to be such a disappointment again, Dean. I guess I don’t always make the best hunting partner.”
From the sounds of it, Dean is not being still. Castiel smiles and struggles to push himself upright, but he lets out an involuntary yell and collapses back onto the bed. His hands. . . his hands are on fire. . .
“Oh, he’s still around. Not much to tell there. Mom died a long time ago, but he’s never been the same.” John Winchester had fallen to pieces when Mary died, and never quite managed to put himself back together again. Not for lack of trying on Dean’s part though. Dean stared resolutely out the window as he spoke, so Cas wouldn’t see his face. Then he carefully schooled his features and turned back to face him, bracing himself for the inevitable look of pity that he always got.
It was true. Dean had never seen Sam quite so excited and full of life. The only other time that came close was when he’d gotten his acceptance letter to Stanford. He hadn’t told Dean about that either when he’d first applied. Dean sighed. That made two of Sam’s happiest life moments ones in which Dean was out of the loop, and he ruined both of them by reacting in anger like he always did.
Dean had tossed and turned the whole night thinking about the kiss. Were things going to be awkward? Would Cas want to kiss him again? Did Dean want Cas to kiss him again? Anxiety settled low in Dean’s gut and his brain swirled through endless different scenarios all night long.
Holding him down, he took Dean into his mouth fully, swallowing him down. Dean let out a ragged moan and his hands flew up to tangle in Cas’s hair. It was almost unbearable, the tight, wet heat of his mouth, and Dean’s body began to lock up, muscles clenching. Just when he thought he was about to lose it, Cas pulled off and looked up to meet Dean’s eyes.
It’s not really a Christmas tree in the literal sense of the word. More of a makeshift, macgyvered creation they’d assembled from a wobbly old coat rack that they’d hung a wreath on. Garland wraps around the stand from top to bottom, with cheap ornaments and tinsel hung from hooks and along the garland. A star balances precariously on top.
Sam’s voice turned serious. “You were always there for me growing up, and my childhood wouldn’t have been what it was without you, Dean. I can’t imagine not having you there, and well…” he looked over at Eileen and put his arm around her shoulder. “I want you there for my kid, too.”
“I don’t.” Dean balls his hands into fists and twitches.  “Just— don’t flap off and do anything stupid while we’re asleep.”
Eileen nodded happily, and Dean sat back in his seat with a low whistle. “Way to steal my thunder today, you guys,” he joked.
“I’m not on the best of terms with my family,” he said quietly. “I sort of…ran away. Or got kicked out, depending on your point of view. I’ve always been a huge disappointment and the perennial black sheep, so I guess I figured if I was going to fall out of grace with them, I may as well go all the way. The city of sin seemed the appropriate choice.” He smiled weakly.
Again, Cas grabs his arm to steady him. He gently pries Dean’s hands away from where he’s yanking at Cas’s tie in frustration; the knot keeps getting tighter and tighter, unyielding no matter how many times Dean’s done this before and been smooth as fuck about it.
Cas started laughing, and hit pause on the movie. His nose scrunched up, and Dean felt laughter start to bubble up in him as well. They sat there on the floor laughing for far too long, and Dean was wheezing by the time they had started to calm down, not really sure why anything about this was so funny.
Dean squeezes his eyes shut tight, takes a deep breath and runs his tongue up the underside of Castiel’s shaft. The sight alone is almost more than Castiel can stand. Here is Dean, with his long lashes and his perfect mouth, on his knees in front of him. It’s the most beautiful thing Castiel’s ever—
She cherishes her time with Dean especially. When he cleans her, his touch is loving and gentle as he rubs out all her aches and bruises, washes away the dirt and grime. Sometimes when he’s alone he will talk to her. He confides his darkest secrets, his insecurities, and his deepest desires. She has seen him in all of his blustering bravado, and in all of his broken imperfections. She has seen all the lovers come through his life and make their mark on his heart in her backseat. She has seen him grow from a fumbling teenage boy to a weary old man. She knows him, probably better than he knows himself. She knows who he loves, what he fears.
Cas, however, seemed altogether unenthused about the prospect, and he collapsed onto the couch with a huff.
When Dean was finished with his CD, he presented it proudly to Cas who eyed it with skepticism but nonetheless placed it carefully on his other shelf with the rest of his discs.
Dean felt that their father’s absence from the whole thing was glaring, but decided not to verbalize that particular train of thought with Sam either.
Soon, Dean’s curses trail off into broken gasps. He shudders as he comes suddenly between them and Castiel nearly sobs at the feel of Dean’s cock pulsing and hot against his own. He aches to bury his face in the crook of Dean’s neck, but he veers to the side and sinks his face into the couch instead as he spills his own release. He bites down hard on the cushion to keep what can’t be said from spilling out as well:
Dean does jolt at that. “Cas, honestly it’s just my imagination running away from me. I never actually thought—”
“I mean it, Cas. No matter the universe, no matter how fucked up it is, I find it hard to believe you could be that different. Bobby and Charlie are different, sure, but the core of who they are is still there.”
It’s hard. It shouldn’t be, but Dean can’t help but feel flayed raw when he has to open up like this and stop guarding his heart. The thing is, Cas already knows him inside and out, knows the shape of his heart, and still loves all the ugly, vulnerable bits. Dean’s sometimes a little wistful for all the years they could have had together if they’d started talking sooner.
“Dean!” He turned. Cas was standing in his bedroom doorway, completely naked, his face a mask of hurt and confusion.
Dean stared at him in horror and curled himself around Cas’s bowl, pulling it close to his chest. “It’s not an
“Cas, I’m not gay.” Dean spoke slowly, and carefully, so there could be no confusion. “I’ll just get my things and I’ll be on my way. Now, I was wearing a silver ring. Have you seen it anywhere?” He held up his hand to show his bare finger. “It’s a family heirloom, and really important to me. So, if you could just help me search around for it...”
She fought with his zipper and reached unceremoniously into his pants to stroke him. He squeezed his eyes shut tight, willing his dick to cooperate. But after a few moments of inactivity, her hand stilled and she leaned back, raising her eyebrow in question.
Dean sighs. “I think we passed a Denny’s a few miles back. If we wanted to brave the rain, we could hike back there, see if anyone—”
why you didn’t tell me you were going to the shelter? You didn’t want me to find out about the job?”
As his mind swirled with terrible scenarios, a horrible new thought occurred to Dean. Cas had been hit by a car– what if it hadn’t been an accident?
Several missed calls and a slew of texts. One was from the garage where his car was being kept, and the rest were all from Sam. He scrolled through his text history with his brother and the grim reality of the previous night came flooding back to him in pieces.
Life continued pretty much as it always had for the next several weeks. Dean got up, went to work at the garage, came home, fixed dinner for his Dad, and went to bed. Then got up and did it all over again.
do that again. What were you thinking jumping in front of an unknown curse like that? You could have been killed.”
He wondered if maybe he should have tried to find some kind of cage for transport. What was to stop the cat from climbing all over him while he was driving? Or worse, attacking him like she had Sam? Cas had never had a cat before. He liked them well enough, and he always stopped to feed stray cats whenever he could. But he’d never had one in his home before, nor in his car, and he wasn’t too sure what to expect.
It’s no use and the conviction with which Cas says this is unsettling to Dean. So he changes the subject to Kelly and the nephilim.
“I know you think I hate you, Pimmy. Because I call you a stinky, overgrown, oddly shaped rat.” She blinks up at him, and he sighs. “I don’t though, okay? I couldn’t hate anything that he cares so much about. And don’t tell him I said this,” he whispers conspiratorially, “but you’re actually kind of cute.”
As Dean looked over at his Dad, he realized how haggard he appeared. He was quiet, and a bit sullen, slouching in his chair and nursing a glass of water. But he was still here, and that meant everything to Dean.
“Hmm,” Sam mused. “Alright, it’s late. We’re not getting anywhere. Let’s turn in and get some shut eye and we’ll start research again in the morning with fresh eyes.”
Notably absent was any of Cas’s family, which wasn’t a surprise; Cas hadn’t invited any of them. Not that Dean could blame him. But still, he thought he saw a flash of sadness in those blue eyes when he first looked around. It vanished quickly when Sam pulled him into a giant bear hug and called Cas his brother. “Welcome to the family,” he said, and Cas’s eyes were full of nothing but warmth and love.
It was an odd mix, and Dean’s mind stumbled onto a terrible possibility. What if these weren’t Cas’s CDs? What if the cookbooks and the fresh food and the signs of life in the kitchen weren’t from Cas?
“Hey Cas, look,” Dean started, and he slid to the other end of the couch to get closer, his patience at keeping his distance evaporating in a puff. “I’m sorry.” He stared hard at Cas, willing him to look up, to look at him.
When his brother Sam calls with the news that a fire has broken out in Castiel’s building, Dean drops everything and runs. He tries calling Cas from his car, and his panic escalates with each passing moment that he doesn’t pick up.
Dean blinks, overwhelmed by the full force of Cas’s devotion. “Uh, yeah. Roger that.” Hoping to lighten the mood, he smirks, clicks his mouth, and fires off finger guns. “Right back atcha.”
He wraps up for the day, and reminds himself of this simple fact. Cas is loyal and kind. He repeats it over and over on his drive home, trying to calm himself after Cas texts to tell him he’ll be late again.
Cas trails his mouth down to kiss over Dean’s pulse point and rolls his hips in a slow, languid motion. Dean bucks up to meet him, head falling back against the couch with a groan.
It’s incredible. Warm, and wet, and Castiel lasts all of ten seconds before his eyes fly open again, heedless of Dean’s arbitrary rules, because he has to see. Cas is too stunned to make a sound as he watches Dean’s mouth stretch around him.
Dean glanced at Cas nervously and the bartender leaned over, beckoning Dean closer with a crooked finger. Dean looked around and leaned in to hear her over the noise of the bar.
Cas plunks himself down by the Christmas tree set up in the corner of the rescue and several small kittens immediately jump in his lap. Dean sits next to him, shoulders brushing, and waves softly at the little orange kitten that goes catapulting off Cas's knee and whizzing by them.
Dean nodded and the words were barely out of his mouth before Cas was on him, kissing him furiously, his hands tangling in Dean’s hair and pulling just slightly. He gasped at the sudden flash of pain and Cas pulled back quickly, his hands running over Dean’s hair in gentle, soothing motions.
Dean can breathe a sigh of relief once he has Sam and Cas back in the bunker, safe. As he’s collecting beer in the kitchen with Sam, he takes the opportunity to talk to his brother alone out of earshot of the angel.
“I am happy,” Castiel insisted. With the distraction of the phone call, his hand had stopped stroking the cat, and she lifted her head to look at him. He resumed rubbing the soft, slightly tubby fluff of her belly as he listened to his brother prattle on.
Two weeks later, the night before Christmas, Dean sits curled with Cas on the sofa again, sipping hot chocolate and admiring the lights of their Christmas tree.
“You know,” Sam said, clearing his throat more emphatically. “There another thing that often prompts transformation in fairy tales. Ever heard of true love’s kiss?”
There was smoke coming from the oven too, and Dean peeked in to find a plate of what appeared to be pancakes just beginning to singe on the edges. He yanked the oven mitts away from Cas and pulled the plate out, carefully setting it on the counter.
As Dean draws closer, still oblivious, Castiel can’t seem to stop himself. He reaches out a hand and brushes softly over Dean’s bare chest. Dean inhales sharply and Cas risks looking up to meet his gaze. They stare at each other both unspeaking, before looking down to where Castiel’s hand is still pressed to Dean’s chest, just above his heart.
Cas looks up at that, brow furrowed in confusion. “I never said I was staying late at work. I guess I figured you’d ask if you wanted to know. It’s just, I know how much you hate cats… how
body can’t handle liquor quite as well, so he had to slow down hours ago to make sure he could stay awake until Cas got home.
“I’m sorry that happened to you, Dean.” His voice was lower and more gruff than it had been a moment earlier, but still gentle.
He shuts his eyes obediently, and lowers his head to Dean’s groin. Under the guise of not being able to see, he allows himself a few seconds to nose around at Dean’s navel and lick tentatively before Dean is gently guiding him into place with bandaged hands to the back of Castiel’s head.
Castiel awoke the next morning with a jolt. He had been in a deeply restful sleep— the best he'd had in a long time. But something had startled him awake. He looked around his room. Nothing seemed to be out of order. The cat, who had fallen asleep next to him had vanished, but she had probably just wandered off in the night to someplace more comfortable.
Cas’s smile is radiant when he leans in to kiss him on the forehead. Then on the nose, soft and gentle. Then he kisses him properly and Dean melts into him, eyes flickering shut. In no time at all, the kiss deepens as Cas nips at his lower lip and his hands snake into Dean’s hair, pulling just enough that Dean can feel the sting.
Dean stepped back down onto the floor and surveyed the damage. There was still a lot of smoke, but not enough that an open window or two wouldn’t fix. The blackened eggs were still sizzling in the sink, emitting the occasional hiss. The pancakes looked like they might be salvageable, though why they had been stacked on a plate and cooking in the oven was beyond Dean’s comprehension.
"It tasted like ass," Dean scowled, and Castiel stared at him in fascination. It was precisely the same scowl the cat had worn the previous night and how could he not have recognized that expression earlier?
Dean looks around and meets the eye of the redhead at the desk who’s eying him curiously. He winks at her. “You don’t mind, do you, sweetheart?”
Cas has always been besotted with his stupid pet ferret, which Dean maintains is really just a longer, smellier rat. But Cas and the ferret are a package deal so Dean insists they both come stay with him. Cas is reluctant at first, not wanting to impose. Dean snorts, indignant and deeply offended at the idea that Cas could ever think of himself as an imposition, until they finally hit on the crux of Cas’s hesitation.
Castiel’s family hires a private nurse and insists that Castiel recuperate at the family cabin, far away from prying eyes. After a lengthy battle of wills, Castiel relents and agrees to go — on condition that Dean come with him.
Dean stepped out from behind the couch and towards Cas, causing the bird to flap its wings aggressively again and chirp angrily at Dean. “
“Cause I think,” he interrupts, “as long as she stays out of our bed and I don’t get too up close and personal with her, I’ll be fine. And something tells me that’ll suit her just fine anyway.”
“Don’t stop,” Dean said, and pulled him in closer, until Cas was flush against his exposed chest and could feel Dean’s heart thumping loudly. “I love when you scratch behind my ears like that.”
And then Cas took Dean’s face in his hands, firm but gentle. “I won’t marry you, Dean. But I’d very much like to date you.” He gave a tentative, quirk of a smile. “If you’ll have me, that is.”
Cas smiled in response. Just an upwards tick of the side of his mouth. A small, soft, secret smile that set something aflutter in Dean’s heart. “You kissed me,” he whispered again, swaying into Dean’s personal space.
Dean clears his throat. “I uh, I was in kind of a bad way when you di— when you were gone. I can’t go through that again, Cas. I won’t survive it. Please don’t make me.”
"Your stethoscope’s crooked," Dean admonished, and straightened it around his neck. He brushed his hands down Cas's shoulders for good measure, knocking out the wrinkles in the lab coat.
Dean snorts. “This whole day has fucking sucked. It’s not enough that Chuck snapped his fingers and stripped away everything that makes me, me. Now he’s a damn cockblock on top of everything else? You and I—” Dean gestures between them “—This. Us. We’re just ordinary now too, are we?”
“It’s a lift and flip motion, real quick.” Dean demonstrated the movement in the air a few times, moving Cas’s hand with his so he’d get a feel for it.
Dean smiles to himself as a revenge plan begins to formulate. Some good-natured fun that will hopefully ease the tension between them and allow them to start over fresh.
If you have concerns and would prefer to know what's coming, please see the end notes WITH SPOILERS for more details.
“You kissed me,” Cas said. His voice was parched and more gravely than normal—if that were even possible—like he hadn’t spoken in days.
Dean frowns. Normally, Cas’s emoji-riddled texts never fail to make him smile, but this is the third time in only a week and a half that Cas has stayed late at work.
Things take a turn for the worse the day the batteries die in the TV remote. Castiel is poking around on the TV when he stumbles onto graphic porn. He scrambles to change the channel as the sound of exaggerated moaning fills the room, but the remote refuses to work.
When he gets closer, Dean sees that Cas is trembling slightly and curled in on himself, making his usually large frame seem much smaller. His blue eyes are vacant and searching for a moment before they settle on Dean’s and widen in surprise.
Now that they were back safely in the bunker and research well underway, Dean’s panic from earlier had eased off. He yawned and his eyes glazed over the passage he was reading on animal curses. He sighed, then grinned. “This book is just so ribbeting, I can’t put it down.” He prodded at Cas with the end of his spoon. “Get it?”
On the way there, Dean learned that Cas actually lived in Vegas and the gigantic penthouse was his. Dean had to hand it to himself, if he was going to get smashed and wake up married to another man, at least he had the good sense to pick a rich, handsome one. Well, he was attractive for a man, at least. Dean shook his head to clear it.
"I—" Dean started, and then cleared his throat, thinking better of continuing that sentence. "Cowboy?" he offered instead, holding his Stetson up to Cas's head.
. It’s the most incongruous thing he’s ever experienced, going down on his best friend like this. And god help him, he loves it. He loves the heavy feel of Dean in his mouth, the strangled, gasping sounds that Dean’s making, the way Dean’s stomach clenches and his legs squirm. He’s intoxicated by the scent of Dean all around him.
“That was the garage. They won’t have the part in until Tuesday.” It was Saturday night now and Sam and Eileen were heading back to California tomorrow.
When he finally opens his eyes again a few moments later, Dean is a beautiful mess. There’s a pink flush on his face that has spread down and across his chest, and a bead of sweat on his brow that Cas is desperate to taste. His face is scrunched up and his breathing erratic. Now that his own sense of urgency has passed, Cas savours these last few moments with Dean before he topples over the edge. He snakes his hand down between their bodies, through the wetness that has pooled on his belly, and joins his hand with Dean’s.
—would change. They’d probably stop hanging out at the Roadhouse and start doing couples things. And Dean would inevitably fuck it up, because he doesn’t know how to
Dean kisses him, soft and slow and sweet, and Cas is overwhelmed. Dean pulls back a moment later, anxiously searching Cas’s face.
Dean watched the waitress walk away, hips swinging. He poked at the elaborate fruit garnish on the side of his plate. Ridiculous. No self-respecting man wanted his strawberries cut into flowers. No self-respecting man wanted fruit anywhere on a breakfast plate, for that matter. Cas, however, looked quite taken with the arrangement on his own place and started poking at it happily.
Dean set the bowl on the dresser and swallowed down a feeling of unease as he opened and shut empty drawers.
“See, you want to cook them until they just start to get brown on the edges,” Dean explained to Cas, who was peering over his shoulder at the hashbrowns. “Low heat. If you cook ‘em too fast, they’ll burn for sure. Pass the pepper.”
There was no sign of Cas when he finally emerged from the spare bedroom and Dean had learned his lesson about walking into Cas’s room unannounced. He wandered down the hall. There was no sign of Cas, but the TV was on in the living room. Some sort of cooking show was on, and Gordon Ramsay was spewing profane insults.
Cas held up his phone in the other hand and Dean saw a picture of a wedding chapel. Cas flicked through a few more photos. A minister. The inside of a chapel. A blurry selfie of Dean and Cas kissing and Dean holding a sign that—he squinted, then went bug-eyed. It read
The ride home was quick, and there was definitely no need for a cat carrier. The cat had remained in the seat next to him, clearly agitated and nervous, but exceptionally well-behaved. It hadn’t moved once from its spot on the seat.
"Because it's Halloween. That's just the rules for a college Halloween party, trust me." He held up a pair of fluffy, sparkly wings and snickered when Cas scowled at him. "Don't want to go as an angel, huh?"
A certain restlessness begins to settle in as well. There’s no air conditioning, and the heat in the cabin is stifling. Dean grows tired of his t-shirts sticking to him and takes to wandering around shirtless. They’re both sweaty and miseable, and frustrated at their sudden impotence. They can’t use their hands for
“When the princess kisses the frog, he transforms into a handsome prince and they lived happily ever after,” Sam said.
"Oh my god," Sam said, and Dean followed his stunned gaze to his left where Cas was lying next to him, unmoving. His stomach flipped over at the sight of dark wings stretched out on either side of Cas's prone body.
“You’ve got a bit of a bump,” Cas observed. He smoothed back Dean’s hair, and pressed a soft, chaste kiss to his forehead.
He’s indignant when Cas tells them to wait outside at the diner because Ishim doesn’t like humans, but Cas cuts him off.
Ten minutes later, and Castiel was on the edge of his seat, not sure how much more of it he could take, and yet he knew they weren’t even at the worst of it yet. He was not helped by the weather outside. The sun was setting, casting the backyard in a wash of dark shadows. Harsh winds whipped the edges of a tree branch against the sliding glass doors.
he come back this time? And why hadn’t he considered this more carefully before now? The last time he had been brought back unknowingly had been Purgatory. The recollection of Naomi’s manipulation sits heavy in the pit of his stomach. The sick, corrupted desecration of body and trust— his grace recoils at the memory, at the the things she made him do. . . to Dean.
Cas is annoyed but not surprised to see Dean being predictably obstinate as he barges into the diner. He is arrogant and foolhardy and insufferable. But when Dean’s body slides in next to his in the booth and he can feel his warmth pressing against him, he doesn’t care about any of it. This is the first time they’ve touched since the brief hug in the woods and the moment their fingers brushed together in the car.
Relief flooded through Dean, fast and fierce. He started towards Cas on instinct, wanting nothing more than to take him in his arms, hold on tight, and never let go. But he stopped short when he saw the look of fear in Cas’s eyes and his defensive posturing. Dean swayed on the spot in mid step before carefully setting his foot down and doing his best to stay where he was standing.
By the time Danny and his mother were wandering in the maze, Castiel’s fingernails were digging into his skin.
Dean felt something akin to regret at the news, but he brushed it aside. What came next was devastating though.
He looks up then to see Cas staring at him aghast. “I always want you, Dean,” he says solemnly and slowly, as if talking to a small child.
“You got the look of someone in love, is all. Moping around like a goddamn teenager and not gettin’ anything done.”
For now, he perches on the edge of the map table next to Dean, who has sprawled out in the languid way he does when he's relaxed and comfortable, feet propped up. He's chatting easily with Charlie and Castiel can't help but smile. Although it's not
Dean Winchester was no prude. In fact, he was a goddamn rock star in the sack. How different could it really be with another guy? Dean weighed his options, and in the end, he was too curious to say no. And, if he was being brutally honest, too turned on by the man in front of him with the puppy dog eyes that could rival Sam’s.
Evidently turning down the dial on the patented Winchester charm was working, because the waitress didn’t spare Dean a second glance. She was all eyes for Cas, fawning all over him. “Can I get you anything else, handsome?”
Cas worked him open with his tongue and fingers, slow and methodical. Dean couldn’t see Cas’s face from where he was buried in the pillow, but he would have bet money that Cas had that little frown that he made whenever he was intensely focused. Every so often Cas stopped and pulled out completely. Ignoring Dean’s protests to hurry the fuck up, he crawled back on top of him, pressing him firmly into the mattress, and trailing feather light kisses all across his shoulders and down his back, letting his own cock rub teasingly at the line of Dean’s ass. Then he slid back down and resumed his ministrations.
“No, she’s just scared,” Cas reasoned. He reached out to stroke her head and the cat hissed once at him before letting him continue. Although the cat’s mood didn’t change any, it didn’t attack him either. It sneezed again, and Cas couldn’t help but chuckle. “Hey there, sweetheart. Are you sick?” The cat just glared at him.
Cas rolls his eyes. “Sam, please tell your brother that it was one mug and he’s being unreasonable.”
Minutes ticked by as Balthazar munched away at his food. Dean paced back and forth impatiently, willing the bird to eat faster. He should really be getting back to the hospital; Cas could be out of surgery at any time. He could wake up and Dean should be there when he did.
“How do you want to do this?” Dean asked, not really sure where to look. All around him was taut, tanned skin and huge wings.
“Yeah, yeah. Come on, hold this one for me.” Dean pushes a firecracker into Castiel's hands, while he juggles another in his own and flicks at his lighter. “Cheers to the end of an era, Cas. We gotta go out with a bang, right?”
“This is stupid.” Saying it is useless; it’s not like Dean’s ever listened to reason before, but Castiel feels obligated to point it out nonetheless. “This is reckless and dangerous and—”
Meg snorted. But Kevin peered over his shoulder and nodded. “I guess she would be kind of a good-looking cat if you got her cleaned up. And if she wasn’t so…”
Dean doesn’t want to high-five that hand anymore. He wants to hold it. Wants to kiss each knuckle. Wants to slot his own fingers between Cas’s long ones, weave them together, and never let go.
“Oh God.” Dean buried his face in his hands and heard the man chuckle. He snapped his head back up, glaring. The sudden movement made his head throb and the room spin.
Cas bristled. “Dean isn’t just pretty, Gabe. And he’s not dumb. He’s smart and kind and loyal. And funny. And a million other things.”
They drink a lot, actually, and everything’s a little warm and fuzzy for Dean when they finally say their goodnights. Sam wanders off to his room and Dean makes to follow, ruffling Cas’s hair on his way out.
Once home, Dean makes himself scarce and Castiel busies himself with job applications. He considers one which would take him out of state. Perhaps it’s time for a fresh start. Maybe moving halfway across the country will be the push he needs to finally get over Dean and move on with his life.
A beat passed. A moment of silence in which Cas just stared at him and Dean felt the seconds tick by like an eternity.
Or maybe Dean believes him but is angry. Dean is often angry, and it occurs to Castiel that he would have good reason if that were the case. Castiel stole the colt from under Dean’s pillow, a betrayal he knew would cut Dean deeply. He had been in Dean's room— in his personal, private space. Castiel always cherished being able to exist in that space alone with Dean, in the small, rare moments of intimacy. And Castiel had marred it with his deception. Then he had taken the Impala after Dean had willingly, trustingly tossed him the keys and left him and Sam unconscious and alone. Castiel hangs his head in shame and sighs deeply. Dean has every right to be angry with him.
Castiel hums noncommittally. His left arm has wrapped around Dean’s side and his thumb strokes ever so lightly against Dean’s arm.
Castiel gets very little sleep that night. He can hear Dean snoring loudly in the next room while he lies awake worrying about the state of their friendship. He and Dean have always been close, but they’ve almost certainly crossed a line now that they may not be able to come back from.
Dean shoots upright and jabs furiously at the radio. The blush has spread to his ears. “Why does every fucking Christmas song sound so dirty,” he mutters under his breath.
Sam nods. “Yeah. But then again, he did save our lives and you’ve been kind of an ass about it all week.” Dean sighs. “Just talk to him, Dean. He needs to hear it from you.”
"I can help you unwind," Dean insists. "And I don't mind your bad moods either. For better or for worse, right?"
Night after night, Castiel finds himself having increasingly inappropriate dreams about Dean that, in some cruel twist of irony, seem to involve a considerable hand action. One dream features Dean giving him a handjob. In another, Castiel inches his own fingers inside of Dean, stretching him slowly open before rocking gently into him, both clinging desperately to one another. Every time, Castiel wakes with a startled gasp, completely mortified and wrapped in a crusty mess of uncomfortable sheets. It only increases his mounting frustration and Castiel is furious with his subconscious for using Dean in that way.
“Missed you, Cas,” Dean mutters. His voice has gone soft and so low that Castiel can barely hear him. Then Dean’s arm is wrapping around him, and Castiel is shocked to find himself pulled into an awkward sort of half-hug, his face pressed to Dean’s middle. All he can smell is coffee and Dean. Dean ruffles his hair, and then, apropos of nothing, there are lips– Dean’s lips– pressing warm and firm onto his head, just above his temple. It’s lightning fast and Dean pulls back, disentangling himself and walking away before Castiel can even process what’s happened.
Castiel freezes. His rake hangs comically in one hand, his mouth ajar. His blue eyes go wide and he stares at Dean.
There was a commotion in the hall as Dean chose that moment to come tearing down the stairs. He poked his head in the living room, leaning casually against the doorframe, and Castiel couldn’t help but stare again.
It was not like any music Dean had ever heard. In fact, he was loathe to call it music at all. It was just a single, low-pitched voice making… noise.
“Most of the time I just spend in here though.” He gestured out the window at the Vegas skyline. “Turns out, I really quite like it here. It’s beautiful, and I like being up here looking out at all the lights. Sometimes if you’re out on the balcony and there’s a strong wind, it feels almost like you’re flying.”
There was a loud bang and a flash of smoke. When it cleared, Cas was was back to his usual trenchcoated self, sitting cross-legged on the table, wide-eyed and nose-to-nose with Dean. He looked utterly stunned, and Dean was too shocked to move.
He managed to keep sending money each week to Sam, who complained every time that he didn’t need to. It's what Dean had always done though, and he didn’t see why he should stop now. Sam had years of expensive schooling left, and now a wife to take care of as well. To stop entirely would mean that his brother had no more need for him whatsoever, and Dean just couldn’t bear the thought of that.
Dean couldn’t be sure, but he thought maybe Cas was looking at him more fondly than before. On a hunch, Dean proffered a strip of bacon and Cas poked at it with interest, a long thin tongue shooting out to lick at it.
In the ER, a nurse was finally able to tell him that Cas was in surgery. Dean found this concerning, as Cas had been in surgery when the hospital called over five hours ago. Surely that wasn’t a good sign.
Dean chuckled, and when Cas released his hands, he let them travel downward instead. He trailed deliberately over a nipple and sealed their lips in another kiss, swallowing down the soft moan that Cas emitted.  He moved his hands lower still, reaching around to cup his boyfriend’s ass, and slotting their hips together. He had gotten Cas’s buckle halfway undone and was attempting to reach down the front of his pants when Cas finally snapped. Strong arms spun him around, and Dean found himself pressed up against the wall, pinned and immobile.
The man glanced up at him as he entered. “You give pretty incredible head for someone who isn’t gay.”
Dean thought that Cas’s face might have darkened a bit at that, but he couldn’t be sure. A second later he was smiling again. “Absolutely, Dean.”
Dean freezes in the doorway, unable to move when Cas glances up at him and smiles. It’s a smile Dean’s seen a million times before, but today it seems to change Cas’s face, lighting him up from within. Dean finds himself unable to move and hardly daring to breathe as the day before comes flooding back to him, and with it the reminder of how close he came to losing Cas.
Dean let out a sigh of relief. The familiar teasing nicknames had rolled off their tongues like the fight had never happened.
“It’s all the money you’ve sent me,” Sam interrupted. “Well, not all of it. But I saved most of it, always intending to give it back to you someday when you’d actually take it.”
“Since high school,” Cas interrupts, and narrows the gap between them with another step. “I’ve loved you since third period home ec when I burnt the eggs and nearly failed and you told me cereal was better anyway.”
Cas reached over and patted him on the back brusquely. Dean wiped away tears from laughing so hard, his breathing beginning to return to normal. He let out a long sigh. Cas had stopped patting him, but his hand was still sitting warm and heavy on his back. He turned to look more fully at Cas, and found him leaning impossibly close.
As they were cleaning up after, Cas talked animatedly about the plight of honeybees and Dean realized that he was really starting to like the guy. In fact, he really hoped they’d be able to remain friends after all of this. He liked his dorky little lopsided smile and the way his head always cocked to one side when he was confused or thinking hard about something. He liked the way his eyes sparkled when he was excited about something unspeakably boring, like honeybees or the migratory patterns of birds. He liked how his hair was perpetually mussed up and how Cas was brutally honest in all things, never caring to sugar coat something. He liked his lips and how they were just a little bit chapped. Dean realized then that he had been staring at Cas’s lips as he prattled on about pollination, and he quickly dropped his gaze. Unfortunately, it fell on Cas’s crotch instead. Dean found he also really liked the bulge just faintly visible through Cas’s sweatpants and the way they pulled a little around his thighs.
Castiel can’t remember the last time he’s gone this long without masturbating and it’s starting to become a problem. He watches Dean try unsuccessfully to eat a popsicle without the full use of his hands. As it drips down his chin, Dean sucks the whole length of it into his mouth and Castiel finds himself with a sudden and wildly inappropriate boner right in the middle of the kitchen. He fakes a headache and flees to his room.
It was incredibly small. Only Dean and Cas were present in the chapel with them. Eileen was an only child; her parents had both died when she was young, and any of her close friends were back home in Massachusetts where she was from. Dean had asked about their friends from Stanford but Sam said he didn’t want anyone there but Dean. Well, that wasn’t entirely true. Apparently, he had tried to invite Bobby as well, but he wasn’t able to take time away from the garage.
“Are you not hungry?” Cas asked. He jumped when he heard the sound of the water boiling over in the kitchen and rushed back to tend to his mac and cheese. He drained the water, stirred the cheese and milk in, and watched it blend together. Maybe the cat would drink milk. Cats liked milk, didn’t they?
Satisfied that Cas’s musical education had been fulfilled, Dean set to downloading Monty Python and hooked it into Cas’s television. A brief conversation ensued, in which Dean was horrified to learn that Cas’s film repertoire was almost as lacking as that of his music.
Cas looks skeptical but reaches for the top drawer of the nightstand. He fumbles around blindly for a few moments feeling for the lube before coming up empty handed and staring at Dean in confusion.
Castiel had been there when Dean’s mother died in the sixth grade. Dean had been reckless then, and refused to shed any tears. He climbed up on the school roof and when someone dared him to jump off, he didn’t hesitate. He’d broken his arm, and he hadn’t cried then either. But a week later, he found Castiel behind the trees at the far end of the playground. Castiel had held him as he sobbed, and they stayed there all afternoon, hidden from everyone else.
But the cat was deeply interested in Cas’s bowl now, and tried to jump up on the couch. Tried, because her lower half didn’t quite make it, and she hung suspended for a moment, back legs flailing below her. Cas gave her a gentle tug, and she heaved herself up onto the couch next to him, sitting down with another sneeze.
Castiel shrugs the feeling off and turns his attention to Sam who has announced that he and Jack will be going to the graveyard, while Castiel and Dean are to “hit up” the crime scene.
Cas peered at his phone and wallet in fascination. “I was mugged this morning. These were taken from me.”
Sam began ushering them out the door giving them some nonsense story. Jen poked her head under his outstretched arm, neck craning to take in the rest of the room.
He slides in next to Cas in the booth, gets nice and close, and stares down the other angel. He has to make sure they know that Cas is not alone. Cas has a family and they have his back.
Dean regretted it instantly, because Cas stopped whatever magic he’d been doing with his fingers and looked up at Dean. His blue eyes were huge and earnest, his voice impossibly soft when he spoke next.
Sam had already been for a run and was elbow deep in research by the time Dean emerged in the library cradling Cas’s bowl in his arms. He’d left a few strips of bacon in the bottom, and Cas was still licking at them.
“Sort of,” Cas continued. “I remember you started shouting, and then you came over to me. You were angry and your eyes were so bright and green I could get lost in them.” Cas rested his chin on his hand and stared at Dean a little dreamily. Dean shifted uncomfortably.
“Hello, Dean.” Castiel manages a small smile, and Dean’s features relax as he lets out a shaky chuckle.
Sam snorted in disgust, but Cas’s heart melted just a little. It was cute, really. The cat was large, with muted tortoiseshell colouring, like it couldn’t make up its mind what colour its fur was supposed to be. It was mostly a rust colour, with blurred splotches of tawny brown and white. Its eyes were a bright, vibrant green, like there was fire behind them, and it had long, delicate whiskers. It was scowling, its tail flicking back and forth angrily, its fur was all mussed up, and its nose was dripping. But Cas was suddenly smitten with the thing, and thought it was really quite beautiful. He crouched down to pat it on the head and Sam gasped at him.
He stared perhaps a moment too long in silent adoration of the expanse of feathers, because Cas started shifting uncomfortably.
“I’ll wait out here,” Cas said, and much to Dean’s surprise, he signed the words as well for Eileen’s benefit.
Fuck, that was hot. And oddly gentle. The tender affection Dean had felt from Cas was beginning to swell to its breaking point, and Dean had a sudden burning desire to take Cas in his arms and just hold him, bury his face in that hair, and never let go.
“Yes, I’m sorry,” Cas muttered as he locked the bird back in its cage and cast it a chastising glare. “Balthazar can be… impetuous. We don’t get many visitors. But he’s never been quite this aggressive before.”
They talk like they used to though, before nodding off. About work and the weather, and about the fire. And then, about the other fire that wasn’t as forgiving and took Dean’s mother all those years ago.
It’s the night of their college graduation and there’s no one in the world Castiel would rather be celebrating with right now than Dean Winchester, his best friend since the fourth grade.
Sam and Mary are both apologetic and Sam gives his assurances that Dean will be better in the morning once he’s had a chance to sleep it off. Cas isn’t so sure.
“Forgot my keys,” Cas says, deadpan as ever. He stares at Dean, unmoving, and for the first time in his life Dean can’t tell what Cas is thinking. He hasn’t seen this expression before.
Cas’s arms tightened around him, pulling him close, chests flush together. Wings encircled them both. “I’m right here, Dean,” he whispered in his ear, voice low and deep, sending shivers down Dean’s spine.
The hardness etched across Dean’s face dissolves. “Jesus, Cas. That’s not—hey, look at me.” He lifts Castiel’s face and lets his knuckles linger a half-second longer than is strictly necessary before dropping his hand. “You’re a great partner. I love… having you around.”
“I don’t think that’s such a good idea, Cas.” Dean said. Frankly, he wasn’t sure he could trust himself now to be in such close proximity. Even here, now, with their annulment papers signed and an ocean of awkwardness between them, Dean itched to touch him and try to smooth away the lines that had formed on his face.
Castiel still felt silly talking to the cat like she could understand him. But the sound of his voice seemed to soothe her again, and she inched a little closer. He reached out, and this time she let him scratch the top of her head.
And then there was air in Dean’s lungs again. He let out a gasp of relief, and then there were definite tears streaming down his face.
Making up his mind, Dean rolled onto his stomach, reasoning that it would be much easier not to have to look Cas in the eye anymore. He could close himself off here, facedown in a pillow. It would just be sensation. Just two bodies moving, and his treacherous heart could stay well out of the way.
An hour into his shift, Bobby approached him again as Dean was making his third attempt at reconnecting an old engine.
“I told you, man,” Sam said. “We didn’t want this to be a big thing. We didn’t want a bachelor or bachelorette party. We didn’t want bells and whistles and load of people we didn’t know. We just wanted each other.”
“Nah, he’s got some party tonight he wants to go to,” Sam said as he fiddled with the DVD player. “Some girl he’s trying to get with.”
"Yes." Castiel averts his eyes and busies himself with rummaging through Dean’s rucksack. He unpacks Dean’s weapons, placing them carefully on the shelf above Dean’s bed.
“Dude, that was epic. Battle scars to prove it!” Dean holds up his bandaged hands. His smile is cocky and self-assured, but Castiel can hear the small quiver in his voice that belies his confidence.
"Demon-pire!" Dean managed to squeak out, before the monster flicked its hand again and an invisible pressure squeezed hard on his windpipe, leaving him gasping for air.
“Yeah. It kind of poofed into gold dust and got all over Cas. I was able to get the shot that took her down, but by then Cas was… well.”
Dean sighs. The house had seemed like such a great deal and a dream come true. But now, Dean’s seemingly perfect house is beginning to feel less and less perfect as he comes to the realization that he’s bought himself a nightmare. It’s been two weeks since he took possession, and he has been run off his feet between work and trying to fix up the house to a livable condition. All his efforts and it still looks like it may crumble to the ground at any moment.
“Nah, it’s fine. You’re welcome to join us Cas.” Sam said. “Besides, I guess you’re kind of family now.” He elbowed Dean in the ribs and ushered them both into the chapel.
Sam snorted loudly. Eileen turned to him and Sam made a few rapid hand gestures that Dean recognized as finger spelling. She turned back to look at Cas, then at Dean, and her eyes twinkled mischievously.
“Trippy as hell, man. I was, uh, tap dancing. In the bunker. In a white tux and dancing with a—god, with a lamp, I think?”
He’s known Cas forever, of course. He’s loved him forever, too. They’ve always been Dean and Cas, but they haven’t been
Cas took one last look at his face, nodded solemnly, then began to slide lower down Dean’s body, pressing wet kisses all the way down. He took Dean’s leaking cock in his hand, making a fist, and moving slowly but firmly up and down the shaft, making Dean sigh loudly in relief. Cas leaned down to tongue at the slit, then around the underside of the head. Dean squirmed, and Cas dropped his hands to hold Dean’s hips firmly in place.
Dean lost track of time entirely as Cas slowly dismantled him piece by piece, until Dean was a sobbing, quivering mess. A long time must have passed, because Dean found himself hard again, leaking onto the sheets beneath him. He tried to move, tried to generate some friction, but it was just not enough.
Dean sat up and Cas held out his left hand. On it was Dean’s ring. His mother’s ring. On the left hand of the guy he woke up in bed with.
“Look, man. The hospital called.” Dean dug around his pockets and offered up the phone, wallet, and keys that the hospital had given him, his gaze darting helplessly between Cas and the items in his hand.
Dean’s erection is pressing insistently into his thigh, and Castiel shifts so they’re able to rut against one another. It’s rough and uncoordinated and god, what he would give to be able to wrap a firm hand around both of them. But it’s still so good and Castiel nearly loses it as their dicks slide together, heated and throbbing.
“I’m sorry,” Dean starts. “I shouldn’t have jumped to conclusions. But when you were coming home late and heading straight for the shower... and when you were suddenly happier… I just… I’m sorry. I got scared.”
The bunker is full, and although more spare rooms seem to have sprouted from nowhere, they're all occupied now. The room Castiel sometimes stays in is full of snoring soldiers, and so, through some unspoken arrangement, he finds himself in Dean’s room.
Dean tried to keep the hurt out of his voice, tried not to sound like a small, petulant child when he asked, “Why have you never shown them to me before?”
A short time later, Dean had finished explaining the situation as best he could and Cas repeatedly assured a worried Dean that he was fine despite his bruised appearance.
Dean wanted to watch— wanted to drink in the rapturous look on Cas’s face. The spread of his wings and the shimmering iridescence of them. The blueish pulse of his grace in each feather tip as he came, hot against Dean’s hand and stomach. He only managed to catch a brief glimpse— a fleeting feeling of incredulous awe at the sensation of
Three sets of eyes stared at the flame that suddenly shot up and pulsed a bright lime green colour. Sparks flew and there was a loud bang before it flared back down to a dull glow in the bottom of the bowl, then fizzled out entirely.
Castiel lets him in, a sinking feeling in his gut. This is it, Cas thinks. Dean is here to confirm his worst fears that their friendship has been fucked up beyond repair.
Dean rolled his eyes. “For fuck’s sake, he’s just a frog. Look, it’s not that hard.” Dean planted a quick kiss to the top of Cas’s head to demonstrate.
Dean frowned over at Cas who was trying unsuccessfully to swallow a piece of bacon, and he thought of the surprise on his own pillow that morning. He reached over to crumble the bacon into smaller, frog-sized chunks.
Dean slid the Coleman cooler across the table and gestured at it. “Inside.” He sighed, rubbing his hand over his mouth.
They remained best friends through college as well, and Castiel is glad to spend the summer with Dean before they move on to whatever is in store for them next.
“Dean,” Cas says again, more seriously, and Dean groans and gives up, letting out a long, defeated sigh of frustration. He pulls the blanket over himself and covers his face with his hands. His face is still burning and he can feel the hot sting of tears threatening to spill.
Dean grunts as the full and considerable weight of Cas barrels into him for a hug and he chuckles as he returns the embrace.
But, much to his surprise, Dean kisses him back. As the kiss deepens and their tongues find one another, Dean lets out a low groan and chases the taste of himself, his tongue darting further into Castiel’s mouth.
“Hello Dean!” Cas said cheerfully. He was sweaty and glistening from head to toe. Dean’s eyes wandered lower and took in his thin jogging shorts that came short enough to display the thick muscles of his thighs. The shorts also did little to conceal the bulge of his crotch.
Dean stared slack-jawed, his gaze darting between his brother and Eileen. “I’m going to be an uncle?!”
Dean looked down at the envelope, which was addressed to both him and Cas. He looked up questioningly.
Castiel squints at him and Dean shrugs. “Maybe we should consider. . . you know.” He nods in the direction of the TV.
Desperate to put some distance between them and regain some semblance of control, Dean forced a laugh and said weakly, “It’s going to be kinda hard to divorce you after that.”
He turns away so he doesn’t have to look him in the eye and lets it all out in a quick huff: “I thought you just didn’t want me.” He means it to sound nonchalant and he’s annoyed at how vulnerable he sounds. So he laughs to cover it up, but that sounds hollow even to his own ears. “Turns out all this time you could have been killed for… for feeling. I’m sorry if I ever caused you to be in danger.”
And with that, Dean was gone. Cas shoved his disappointment down and turned his attention to the television, where
Dean dropped his gaze and kicked a little at a chair leg. “Yeah, I’m sorry about that. I just… I dunno. I mean, I was able to think like me, but certain cat instincts kind of took over. It was cold. You were warm.” Dean shrugged. “I was scared of what was happening to me, and it just felt safer with you. You gotta realize,” Dean added hastily, “I didn’t know if I was going to turn back or not. I was just… making the best of a bad situation.
They texted about other things too. Dean shared his frustration and despair over John’s drinking. He found it was a little easier to open up with the space of some 1300 odd miles and a phone screen between them. Cas, it seemed, felt the same way. He opened up about his loneliness and his bouts of anxiety and depression. Dean was a little surprised to hear about that. Granted, he’d been wrapped up in his own problems that weekend and so maybe he didn’t truly get to know Cas as well as he thought he did, but the breakfast incident aside, he had seemed confident during the time Dean had spent with him. Even a little cocky, with his smirks and the self-assured way that he had dismantled Dean’s whole world and reduced him to a quivering mess.
And she will be damned if she lets him get in the way of himself. Time to take things up a notch with her next choice of song:
The concerned look on Cas’s face melts into one of confusion and he squints at Dean. “Wait… you saw my car here and your first thought was that I was having an affair?"
Just this once, Cas thinks. Just this once and then he will confess and repent and never be tempted again.
Several hours later, Sam was buried under a mountain of books and spell supplies and Dean had unceremoniously dumped an unamused Castiel out of the cooler and thoroughly sanitized it. Even then, it would probably be awhile before Sam would willingly use it again.
Dean had started crawling on the floor and was peering under the bed when Cas cleared his throat. “Yeah, um… about that,” he said.
They did not have thirty seconds. And they did go out with a bang. That much, at least, Castiel can remember.
He fell silent as he opened the drawer of the desk. Inside was a notebook and a box of graphite pencils. He carefully lifted the notebook out of the drawer, flipped softly through its pages, and let out a low whistle.
Dean moved his hand faster and rolled his hips, oil smoothing the way now; the sound of them sliding together slick and noisy in the hushed silence of the room but for their panting breaths.
A shadowy figure emerged slowly from around the corner of the kitchen. Dean cursed himself for not turning on more lights.
It's cold and wet and everything around them is swirls of fog and mist, making it hard for her headlights to cut through anything. Baby growls her frustration, her wheels squealing on the sleet beneath them.
Dean stammed for a response, unable to formulate one and unable to move, frozen in place with his face mere inches from Cas’s.
“You didn’t meet a girl while you were in Vegas, did you?” Bobby asked, eyebrows raised skeptically.
“Yes, most likely. I remember you because I hadn’t been able to stop staring at you all night,” Cas’s face was red.  “I kept telling myself, one more drink and I’d work up the courage to go talk to you. But one drink turned into several, and I had myself convinced I didn’t stand a chance with you.”
Sam cleared his throat. “Well, Cas. I told my brother here that I was getting married. He reacted… poorly. Started going off about shotgun weddings and rash decisions.”
“I explained that you’d need to get a marriage license, but other than that, you were pretty much free to marry anyone in the place. And I think you took it as a personal challenge, because next thing we knew, you were marching right over to this guy here,” he nodded at Cas, “and getting down on one knee like an idiot.”
Dean closed the cage door carefully and watched the parrot peck aggressively at the pellets lining the cage floor. He decided he’d wait until the bird had eaten his fill before he’d risk opening the cage again to fill the water.
After spending the rest of the morning reading over the heavy legal documents, they planned to break for lunch, then fill out the annulment papers. But the afternoon took an unexpected detour when Dean suggested putting on some music.
the time, their fingers dancing towards one another across her seat but never quite touching. Talking, without saying what they mean. Quibbling over insignificant things, because anger is easiest to express. They fear the other feelings, the ones that fester deep within them. They are emotionally constipated idiots, both of them, and it drives her mad.
“Dean, no!” Castiel’s face twists in horror. “Don’t you remember the last time we went to a Denny’s at midnight?”
“I’m sorry, I gotta… I gotta go.” Dean said, trying to walk and hop into his jeans at the same time in his hurry to leave. He made it out of the bedroom and was nearly at the front door and pulling his shirt over his head when Cas called to him again.
It was supposed to be an easy hunt, Dean thought idly, as he flew through the air and smacked heavily against the wall. He groaned as his head slammed into drywall and his vision blurred.
And he tries, he really does. But he lays there, long into the night, always listening carefully for the sound of Cas’s breathing and glancing over every so often to see his shoulders rise and fall with each breath. In and out. In and out.
Cas emerged from his bedroom with a light green tie that he claimed would make Dean’s eyes pop and whistled at the parrot affectionately.
Dean shrugs and starts to sit up, but Cas plants a firm hand on his chest and shoves him back down. He sighs happily as Cas resumes his ministrations, kissing his way down Dean’s chest and stomach, and further down the line of his hips.
“Shit.” Dean scrambled to the floor to clean up at the same time Cas did and they bumped foreheads. Hard.
The next time they kissed had been gentler. There had been no hunt, no injuries, no grave dangers. They had just been brewing coffee in the bunker kitchen when Cas leaned over—obliterating Dean’s personal space—and with a determined look, kissed him softly on the jaw.
Dean can feel his face burning and he squeezes his eyes shut, willing himself to focus. He grabs his own cock in hand and strokes furiously, coaxing his erection into hardness.
After their nurse leaves for the day, Dean gets down to business. He positions them to maximize efficiency, but Castiel has his doubts. He keeps silent though as he straddles Dean and tries to hold his weight up on his elbows so as not to put pressure on his hands. It’s not exactly comfortable. But then Dean’s mouth is on him, and there’s a dick in his face, hard and insistent. Castiel does the best he can while half his mind is trying to stay balanced and upright and the other half is distracted by what Dean’s mouth is doing. He misses being able to see Dean’s face.
He heard a muffled noise coming from the direction of his kitchen and he sat bolt upright in bed, fear shooting straight down his spine.
Cas smiled. He kissed Dean deeply, silencing the rest of his doubts. “You deserve everything, Dean,” he said. “Your soul is beautiful. More beautiful than you know.” He kissed down Dean’s jawline, alternating each kiss with words breathed into his skin. “Bright.” He kissed his jaw. “And pure.” Two quick pecks under his ear. “In spite of the agonies it’s endured.” Dean tipped his head back and Cas continued down the column of his throat. “A strong soul.” He nuzzled into Dean’s neck. “Kind.”
He can't, however, say the same for himself, because the last thing he can remember is dying. He had come through the rift after Sam and Dean. Dean's face had looked relieved and then scared, contorted into something twisted and painful. There had been the sharp pierce of an angel blade, the blinding flash of his grace burning out. Dean had shouted something, and then. . . nothing.
But as he lay in bed that night, he thought maybe it felt a little less like home than it had a week ago.
Dean’s pulling taco shells from the oven when Cas returns to the kitchen with bare feet and damp hair, and snakes his arms around Dean from behind. He nuzzles into Dean’s neck and Dean sighs at the familiar warmth of Cas pressed along his back.
“You guys watch without me,” Cas said, grateful for what was finally a reasonable excuse to ditch on scary movie night.
“Not good, Sammy.” Dean slammed his bag down on the table and watched Sam jolt in surprise. “Pretty fucking awful in fact.”
Cas gave a sad sort of smile, and slid his hands down from Dean’s hair to cup his face instead. He ran his thumb over Dean’s cheekbone, soft and gentle. Dean felt it everywhere, spreading through his limbs and curling low in the base of his spine. He shuddered and closed his eyes. When he opened them again, Cas’s face was only inches from his own, blue eyes boring into him.
It turned out, Sam wasn’t nearly as mad as Dean had been expecting. When he told his brother where he’d woken up that morning, Sam had cackled in hysterics for a solid minute. When Dean had tried to get more information out of him about the previous night, Sam had told him between wheezing laughter to bring Cas to the chapel that evening and they could all talk after the wedding.
There was a moment of inelegant fumbling as belt buckles were undone and zippers pulled down. Cas’s hands were in Dean’s pants, reaching around to cup his ass. He squeezed, and pulled Dean’s groin towards him, rocking their hips together. And then Cas’s hands were down the front of his pants, and Dean gasped at the feeling of cool air as Cas freed his cock from the confines of his pants. Firm hands wrapped around his length and stroked him quickly.
Next to him, Cas and Bobby were talking animatedly about Shakespeare, and Dean smiled. While Cas was always pleasant enough with John, their relationship was tenuous at best, and often mired by skepticism on both their parts. But Cas had taken to Bobby like an old friend.
Cas was not easily swayed, but in the end, he deferred to Dean’s way of thinking once Dean had elucidated all the merits of watching in production order rather than chronologically. They ordered pizza for dinner which arrived halfway through episode four and shared a meat lovers as the Falcon was captured by the Death Star’s tractor beam.
He propped a book open in one hand, and continued to stroke the cat with his other. He was startled a few moments later when the cat began purring. It was soft at first, and barely audible. Buoyed, Cas continued scritching behind her ears, and dug his fingers in a little deeper. The purrs grew louder, and the cat’s eyes fell shut.
It was true though, Dean had to admit. He had caught a glimpse of himself in the reflection of the huge TV screen and he looked pretty damn good. He sucked in his gut on the next turn and smoothed his hands over the lapels nervously.
Dean started to shake his head in protest and groaned when the room started spinning again. When his vision came back into focus, the man was still staring at him intently, eyes squinting. His hair was dark and sticking up in all directions. He had dark stubble to match, framing pink, swollen lips that Dean found it hard to pull his gaze away from. As the man rubbed the sleep from his eyes and opened them more fully, Dean saw that they were a bright, piercing shade of the most stunning blue he had ever seen. God, he was fucked.
Dean grinned. It had been almost two years, and sometimes he still couldn’t believe that he was allowed to have this. He leaned forwards to rest his forehead against Cas’s, letting out a soft sigh.
Weeks passed, and one day Cas informed him that he’d received a notice from the county clerk’s office. The annulment had been granted, and was finalized.
“Alright, that’s it,” Dean said, straightening up. “We’re watching Monty Python and the Holy Grail. But first, I need to get you a better playlist. You got a laptop I can download stuff on?”
Dean Winchester was Sam’s older brother and a growing problem for Castiel. He would often pick Sam up from work, or drop him off, and more recently he had been stopping by during the day to bring Sam lunch or coffee. The problem was that Castiel couldn’t stop thinking about him. From the moment Dean had walked through his doors for the first time all those months ago, Castiel’s world had been off-kilter. Not to mention the fact that he seemed to lose all control of his fine motor functions in Dean’s presence. That first time he met Dean, Castiel had accidentally short circuited a lightbulb and sent sparks flying throughout the store– it was a wonder he hadn’t burnt the place down. Since then, he had been endlessly flustered in Dean’s presence.
The plane ride was terrible. It reaffirmed every worst fear Dean had about flying. The seats were small, the booze was weak, the air was stuffy, and every bump of turbulence had Dean cursing under his breath and trying to bargain for his life with a God he didn’t believe in.
“You’ll make a very good lawyer, Sam” said Cas, and Dean marvelled at the fluidity of his hand gestures as he signed to Eileen.
Dean huffed, took a steadying breath, and reached out a cautious hand to the dark feathers. He trailed a finger gently down the ridge of the damaged one, and the feathers ruffled softly in response.
They stumbled towards the bedroom, peeling layers of clothing off as they went. While trying to pull his shirt off without breaking their kiss, Dean’s elbow connected with the lamp in the living room and it shattered to the floor.
. They can’t cook, can’t open a can of beer. Castiel can’t scratch that infernal itch on his nose that’s been driving him crazy for days now.
He thinks they might be getting through, but then his heart sinks through to the floor at what Cas says next.
But when the doors opened and a harried looking doctor emerged, Dean took it all back, and wished the moment between not knowing and knowing could go on indefinitely, because she did not look like she was coming with good news.
Sam nodded to himself thoughtfully. Then he smiled at the frog and gave a small wave of his hand. “Hi, Cas.”
“It’s me!” Jack shouts, as he raises his hands, his eyes wide. He looks terrified, like he half expects Dean to pull the trigger.
“I am not!” Dean snaps. He closes his eyes briefly and takes a deep breath. “I’m not,” he tries again, quieter.
If Baby could smile, she would. Things are developing nicely. She nudges two small liquor bottles to the front of the footwell. Relics from the last time they stayed at a fancy motel that she has been hiding from Dean and saving for a special occasion.
Castiel’s face softens into a look of dawning comprehension. “Wait, you— did you think I was talking to you?”
Over the next few days, they try various configurations of the same thing. But without the use of their hands, Castiel wouldn’t call any of them particularly successful. It comes to an abrupt end the day Castiel accidentally elbows Dean in the groin. There’s a lot of hissing and swearing, and ultimately Dean concedes that perhaps this isn’t the time to experiment.
Castiel feels pretty fortunate, all things considered. They've made it back through the portal in one piece and managed to save dozens of other souls in the process. Lucifer remains trapped on the other side. The loss of Gabriel weighs heavy on him, but he sets his grief aside for now. He doesn't forget about it exactly, just tucks it away inside of himself, not ready yet to examine it.
Then he sat in a chair, and peered in the box, running his hand gently over the items that belonged to Cas. They had been on him, had been close to him moments before the accident. What had it been like, Dean wondered. Did he see the other car coming? Did he try to get out of the way? Did it hurt? How long did he lay in the street? Did he lose consciousness right away or did he lay there for hours in agony?
His movement jars Castiel’s injured shoulder, and Dean stops when he hears the short gasp of pain behind him. He settles back in carefully next to Castiel’s side and scowls at the bandage. “You don’t seem like you’re fine.”
“Cas, look what I found!” Sam dropped his knapsack with a thud on the counter and the ladder creaked and wobbled precariously.
Dean skimmed the form. Cell phone, wallet, keys, no cash. He signed it and took the box from the woman.
Dean turned full circle to look at Cas, doing nothing to hide his incredulity. There was even, he noted with amazement, pancake batter splattered in the man’s hair. Cas looked startled and bewildered, and held up his hands in a helpless, sticky mess.
He looks over at Dean, his eyes big and watery and blue and hiding nothing. Quietly, almost under his breath, he murmers, “I missed you, Dean.”
Cas isn’t sure what to do with himself when they finally arrive back at the bunker. The Winchesters all tumble out of the car, stretching long limbs and yawning. They make for the door of the bunker and Cas watches them go, wondering if perhaps he ought to leave them to their reunion in peace. Then Dean turns back to him, stony-faced.
“Mhmm,” Cas nodded between the kisses he trailed up Dean’s jawline. “Just as long as you don’t hog the bed like you did last night.”
They talk about how their furnace has been making funny noises, and make plans to call a few companies to get quotes for repairs that they almost certainly can’t afford.
Blue eyes swarmed into his vision again. Cas’s face was contorted in lust, his pupils blown wide. He ground down once, slowly, and Dean’s head fell back at the friction, his legs coming up to wrap around Cas’s waist.
"I've been telling him the same thing," Charlie pipes up. "Job offer still stands, Cas." She points to a job posting on the bulletin board for a Fund Development Coordinator. Dean can’t make out all the details from where he’s sitting, but Cas has been talking for years about transitioning to nonprofit. He’s crazy good with numbers but Cas was never meant for corporate bottom lines.
He had brushed his teeth and changed into his pajamas, and was just climbing into bed when he heard a thwacking noise. A small paw was poking up from the underside of his door and scratching valiantly at the wood. It retreated, and a distinctly morose meow could be heard. A sneeze, then a flopping noise, and the paw re-emerged, smacking at the underside of the door again.
It’s several minutes before they manage to isolate the power button on the TV itself and the room falls blissfully silent. But the image of a buxom brunette performing a sloppy blow job is now ingrained in Castiel’s retinas.
that voice. He couldn’t be right, but curiosity was now far outweighing any instinct for self-preservation. Cas relaxed his hold on the lamp, rounded the corner, and stood, bewildered, in the doorway to his kitchen.
“Yeah, fine. Thank you.” Castiel accepted the books from Dean and suppressed a shudder when their fingers brushed. He stood up and found Sam trying to reassemble the pyramid.
“I was just a kid,” Dean said. “Sammy was a baby. There was a house fire and she didn’t get out in time.” He spoke quickly, and didn’t add that even though decades had passed, there were still nights when he would wake up in a cold sweat, certain that he could still smell the smoke and hear his father’s anguished cries echoing in the night.
Hope sparkles in Cas’s eyes, but his voice is steady and even when he speaks. “What are you saying?”
As it turned out, Dean Winchester was the marrying type after all. And with this wedding, he was determined to never forget a single moment.
"I'm interested in anything that makes you this happy, Cas. I'm sorry you didn't feel like you could share it with me."
“Gross,” Dean muttered, wrinkling his nose at Cas who stared dolefully back up at him. He’d put some grass and twigs in the bowl and a shallow puddle of water in the bottom which Cas seemed quite taken with. He was worried about food though.
Right, coffee. Castiel sets to work measuring the grounds into the filter, and filling the carafe with water. This, he can do. If he is useful in nothing else, at least he can make coffee for Dean. He first learned how to brew a pot when he was human and working at the Gas & Sip. That had been where he’d had his first taste as well, making every effort to blend in with the humans around him who all consumed the rich, hot liquid like it was some sort of magical elixir. Which really, Castiel supposed it was, if its effects on Dean in the mornings were any indication.
They had been so certain it was a vampire. And they weren't entirely wrong, as it turned out, but in a twist that surprised everyone, they'd discovered the hard way that demons were capable of occupying a vampire as a vessel, effectively combining both powers together into a super monster with strength enough to immobilize even an angel.
“It smells amazing. Let me just take a quick shower and I’ll be right out. I’m sure I must reek to high heaven right now.” He bustled past Dean who caught a whiff of Cas’s scent, which he probably wouldn’t have described as reeking. In fact, he smelled pretty damn good, Dean thought.
“Blow jobs, Cas,” Dean huffs. “We could give each other blow jobs. If we both promise to close our eyes, we could just kinda pretend, you know? Come on, I dare you.”
Dean straightened up in surprise and turned to Cas who was grinning. “Did you hear that, Dean? We’re cute.”
Dean lit up. “That one with Naveen! I mean, er, Tiana.” He cleared his throat and rubbed at the back of his neck. “What was it called again?”
Cas let out a low chuckle from behind him and kissed him between his shoulder blades. “Don’t move. I’ll be right back.”
Dean closed his eyes and nodded, giving himself over to the inevitable. Leaned in, and slotted his lips to Cas’s.
Castiel had worked himself into a panic by the time Sam flung open the door and ushered him in. He relaxed only slightly when he was greeted in the living room by Meg and Kevin. He rubbed his palms on his jeans and straightened his shirt again.
Cas finally lowered the frying pan slowly and deliberately to the floor. He stepped forward to take the items, staring at them in bewilderment. “How did you get these?”
, and Cas couldn’t possibly be cheating on him. Dean’s certain Cas isn’t the type for an affair— he’s the most loyal, kindhearted person Dean’s ever met.
They texted about everything. The weather, their moods, work, stupid little things that they thought the other would like. Cas updated Dean with personal commentary as he watched the remaining Star Wars movies, and Dean glowed with pride.
“Yeah. Cowboy hat,” Dean calls from the bedroom where he’s he’s retreated to pull on proper clothes. “We gotta blend, dude. I saw they were selling some in that gift shop we passed, we’ll get you one on the way out.”
Dean grins. “Then I say screw them. Consequences be damned, right?” He laughs. “I guess it’s kind of our thing.”
“I don’t often drink, but last night was extenuating circumstances for me and I needed to let off some steam. I do remember you. I was at the bar, and I was watching you argue, I think, with another man. Taller than you, longer hair. And a short woman he was with.”
Cas’s glare was no less effective as a frog. He squinted at him, pupils narrowed, and Dean had the distinct impression he was being scolded.
“Cas,” he breathed, and struggled to sit partway up. With his other hand, Cas pushed Dean firmly back onto the bed, and Dean groaned. “You gotta hurry up, man. Fuck me already.”
“Sam,” Dean drawls, “went to sleep. After his laptop got a virus, and the wifi went down, and he nearly electrocuted himself trying to fix the modem, he called it quits on today and turned in.”
Cas seemed surprised as well and jumped a little. The popcorn bowl, which had been precariously perched on the couch, toppled over.
Dean emerges with his own cowboy hat and boots and a grin that lights up the whole room. It’s beautiful. Castiel resolves to get the stupid hat, if only to keep the smile on Dean’s face a little longer.
“Yes, that’s what I told the police,” he said bitterly. “I was just coming from there actually, and the locksmith…” he trailed off and turned to Dean, seeming to really see him for the first time.
“No, you’re not. So Dean-o doesn’t love you back. He’s just some dumb, doe-eyed jock. We’ll find you another one that’s just as pretty.”
“Inside—?” Sam frowned and opened the lid to the cooler and jumped back in surprise for the second time in as many minutes. He glared at Dean. “That’s a frog. In the cooler.” His nose wrinkled. “The cooler that we put
Cas laughed too, and felt a surge of sudden boldness. “You can even share my bed again if you’d like,” he said as seductively as he could manage, and pressed a kiss to the hollow of Dean’s throat.
Castiel wakes up in a bed to the sound of beeping and high-pitched ringing in his ears. Somewhere to his left, Dean is swearing.
“Dean,” Cas breathed again, pulling back just enough to press their foreheads together. He pressed a kiss to Dean’s temple, the gesture so sweet and chaste that hot tears burned suddenly in Dean’s eyes and he blinked them back furiously.
When he finally finished, he ran his hand over the upper ridge again in a soothing motion, and gave it a gentle pat. It was downy soft, but he could feel the firm strength of bone beneath. He let his fingers trail softly through some of the larger feathers as his hand traveled lower, combing through them. They were silken smooth, and quivered in response.
Baby has seen a lot of bloodshed. She has been witness to countless horrors. To anger, violence, chaos, revenge. To all of the evils of the world. But more than all of these things, she has been witness to love. To the legos stuck in her vents, chubby little legs kicking, and high pitched giggles. To cherished initials in her very steel; permanence carved solemnly by small hands. To two orphaned boys against the world, finding a home within her doors.
He pulled back the blankets, but before he could climb in, the cat jumped to the very middle of the bed, sprawled on her back, and resumed her purring. Castiel waited for her to move again, but when it became evident that she was settling in for the night, Castiel sighed again and shimmied in. He balanced precariously at the edge of the bed so as not to lay on top of the cat and yet not fall out of bed himself. Once he’d settled awkwardly on his back, the cat curled into his side and laid her head on his chest. He scratched behind her ears, and the vibrations from her purrs settled into his body.
She huffed and wriggled out of Dean’s hold. Her eyes flashed in anger, but all Dean could think was that they weren’t the right shade of blue.
“Well they can’t exactly start without us now, can they?” He pressed Cas up against the wall and leaned in to kiss him. He began to snake his hands up into that beautiful, dark head of hair when Cas grabbed both his hands firmly and stopped him with a serious look.
“There’s another version of the story,” Sam said, looking shifty. “Uh, the princess throws the the frog against the wall in disgust, which breaks the spell. We could, um, try tossing it?” He glanced over at Cas. “Just gently, to see if anything happens?”
The woman’s voice began to blur and fade until he couldn’t really make it out anymore. It was okay, though. He got the important bits. “Car accident… critical condition… may not make it through the night….”
“What? He should know what kind of crazy he married into. Dean’s afraid of flying, Cas. You couldn’t pay him a million dollars to set foot on a plane.”
“I ain’t denying anything,” said Bobby. “All I’m sayin’ is he was more straight than gay. Half those sonnets were written to a dark lady, and those were a helluva lot more intimate.”
Sam plucked Cas out of the bowl between his thumb and forefinger, nose wrinkling, and set him carefully down on the sigil he’d drawn. He then cleared his throat and read the spell aloud.
“So uh, I guess we found my family then,” Dean said. “But is there any chance you might still want to keep a stray like me?”
“Hey, stop it!” The cat had climbed up into his bookshelves and had knocked several books off. She looked at him pointedly, then poked at another book with her paw. It toppled to the floor with a crash.
They go on their first real date later that night. Dean’s fidgety and nervous, and changes his outfit a dozen times. He plans to take Cas to the fancy-ass restaurant downtown that serves caviar and escargot, until Cas reminds him that neither of them like those foods and pleads with Dean to go to the Roadhouse for burgers instead.
And then, all at once, and much too soon for Dean’s liking, it was over. Cas pulled away and Dean swayed on the spot, dizzy with it all.
Then there were firm hands on his shoulders, briefly, and then bright blue eyes full of concern swarming his vision. He watched the stranger’s lips moving. They were a little chapped, and very close.
Cas spun around and froze like a deer in headlights. Then his shoulders sagged and he gestured around the kitchen in dismay. “I tried to cook breakfast.”
Castiel was out of his chair in an instant and nearly knocking Dean over with the force of his hug. His own smile stretched across his face so tight, his cheeks hurt.
“Don’t be. I had a wonderful weekend with you, and it’s really a quite fitting way to pay tribute to my father. He always said he’d see me marry another man over his dead body.” He winked at Dean. “He would have been appalled and none too fond of you, I’m sure.”
As Dean's breathing returned to normal and he quivered through the aftershock, he became aware of Cas's hands stroking up and down his back in soothing motions. He was laid boneless against him, their chests flush together, and Dean's head buried just above Cas's shoulder in a spread of feathers. They smelled distinctly like Cas, but much stronger—ethereal, like the crisp air before a storm, and familiar, like home. Both wings, he realized, had arched around and wrapped him in a sort of cocoon of warmth. Dean held his breath as reality settled in and a sudden, overwhelming shyness returned. He wasn’t sure if he should move.
All three of them jumped to Sam’s aid as the cat dug its claws into Sam’s denim and clung tightly as Sam shook his leg. Kevin got there first and pried the cat off.
Dean opens his mouth, considers feigning ignorance, then closes it again. He looks around the room, up at the ceiling, and down at Pimmy. He looks back at Cas who hasn’t moved an inch, and he sighs. “Since the fire.”
Castiel hears the Impala before he sees it. A low, deep grumble. He doesn't turn around when he hears the engine still and then turn off. He breathes deeply, gathers his strength, and braces himself as he hears the familiar scrape of the car's door opening.
“Hell, maybe it’s not the most conventional start, but there’s something about him. He clearly likes you, and ever since you first laid eyes on him you’ve been tripping all over yourself. I’ve never seen you like this before. Maybe you owe it to both of you to give whatever this is between you a shot.”
“Shit. Okay, we need a lawyer. My brother’s in pre-law. If we did get married, he might be able to help us get a divorce. Or an annulment. You can do that if you don’t consummate the marriage, right?”
“It’s… a house,” said Dean slowly. A rundown, slightly dilapidated looking, old farmhouse to be more precise.
Dean twists his hand and suddenly Cas’s orgasm is punched out of him, surprising them both. The force of it shocks him and he squeezes his eyes tight against the assault of sensation. He gasps and shudders, his arms tightening their hold around Dean.
