Watson had reached the Falls just as they had fallen over the cliff. He watched in horror as the last sight of his Holmes was to defeat their worst enemy , only to sacrifice his life to do so.
After arguing with the librarian of the local library outside the uni, for half an hour in the morning to give him more time to return the copy of Maurice which had mysteriously disappeared after laundry day, he was extremely frustrated and raring to sweat the anger off.
Sambhal cha meri behen, no one wants a repeat of what happened last year right. Definitely not good for your BP. Jameela mentally scolded herself as she typed in Shanaya and “sari shop” in Google.
Suddenly she heard the door close behind her and Shanaya walked into the room , Jameela realised that she was wearing a blouse and jeans and had been holding a black long coat in her arms .
Shanaya walked through these rooms repeatedly, trying to figure out a pattern that combined them. Black, cotton, intricate thread work. Nope, did that before.
“Jameela? Jameela Watwe!” She turned around to see a vaguely familiar slightly overweight man in his forties holding a briefcase hurrying towards her.
Shanaya abandoned her stitching to pick up her phone to calm herself down. The battery had gone out- damn.
" Yes, of course Jameela. My sister- in- law wanted to name her daughter Jameela but then the pandit ji told her it's a manglik naam and her in laws were very superstitious..." Jameela nodded along and continued to smile in various places, as her mind wandered to where Shanaya had gone.
She put her phone down quickly and walked into the kitchen chewing her thumb nail. She needed to make some tea.
“Hence all I could think of, was the last week. So clap along, cheer along if you like. This song about the things I’ve lost in the last seven days”.
"Are you listening to me young man? This must stop! I don't like it anymore than you that Sherlock is running around with that...that MAN, but you can't be going out getting blind drunk every time they do. You'll ruin your health, chase away the friends who've put up with you so far and not solve a blasted thing. After all, where does that nose in the air knob get off pushing you out of your own flat? Doesn't he have a place to take Sherlock when they want to have a hump?"
Monday 21st December - Morning coffee lead to the discovery of the elf clutching a large mug the outside bedecked with two large beehives and the inside having a 3-D honeybee in the bottom surrounded by the phrase "Get Your Buzz On".
In her comfy chair, Martha sipped a potion of herbs from her garden and spoke to the tall guilded frame on the wall. "Magic mirror made by me, show me now what I must see. Is my Sherlock's treated well? If not I'll send that John to hell."
"Another fortuitous pause in the action, detective. I'm exhausted and the month's only half through."
"Best keep it down, little man. Sherlock's lost to the world, I wore him out. You're looking a bit worse for wear. Hungover?"
Sherlock got up and engulfed her in a warm hug. "You most certainly can, but you don't need to. WE are going to take care of you the way YOU always take care of us. We are going to see this through and I even promise not to shoot the wall or torture my violin. We're family and that's what family does."
"No Martha, you're right. I pay my share of the rent, have a job that requires I sleep and stay healthy and it ISN'T fair that I'm being turned out of the flat like a stray mongrel. Don't know that I'm up to marching but I am going up to MY bed and if the 'lovebirds' don't like it then screw them!"
John was drunk off his arse. The last time he'd been this pissed was on leave in Dubai from Afghanistan shortly before he was shot. What few hazy memories he had of those nights were good, tonight decidedly was not. Far from being raucous young soldiers out to carouse and get a leg over night, this was one lonely man trying to drown his misery in far too many pints and shots.
Sherlock jumped to his feet, "Don't be ridiculous, I never leave any loose ends in my cases. How dare you? Prove it! I'd like to see you try!!"
"I deduce that we can still have quite a satisfying sex holiday here at Baker Street. Look, even our 'special drawer' is open to welcome us home.", Sherlock grinned.
"This for me or you?", John had teased. Sherlock countered, "Does it matter?" ... It didn't. Boxing Day had been calm but a storm was brewing with Sherlock obsessing the entire weekend over a lack of "the work".
Sherlock looked oddly unsettled momentarily but then began to babble like a lovestruck teenager. "Cols and I met at the morgue last night. He's taking over for Molly while she's at her cousin's wedding in New Zealand. He has some new investigative pathology methods that are fascinating."
Then came the day when gathering herbs and flowers, brewing potions and casting spells detained the witch from her 'visit' to the tower until the moon was rising.
"I'm sorry, but yes. Only then is the incubus as in thrall with his victim as the victim is with him. If you were to attack Wesix in his human form you might trounce him but not capture him and it would do nothing to rescue Sherlock. Trust me, please, I have a plan."
Time for cocoa and a rewatch of A Study in Pink, where it all began. Ambling off to heat the milk and find some marshmallows she paused to collect the rejected pages torn from her rough draft - the ones tagged Major Character Death, Angst, Grief, Heartbreak and No Happy Ending. Feeling uplifted and pleased, she crushed them into a ball and threw them into the crackling flames.
Martha nodded her approval as they moved into each other's arms and embraced. "'Tis true", she whispered, "love will thaw a frozen heart."
Martha Hudson was as protective of Sherlock as a mother grizzly bear so her warm acceptance of John Watson as "her boy's" new flatmate was a pleasant surprise even to her. The doctor just seemed so...normal. Sherlock and normal were two words she had never expected to put in the same sentence but there it was. Goodness, John was polite, appreciative and even ran errands for her. More than once she wondered if her herbal soothers were a tad too strong and Watson was actually a figment of her imagination. Well, if he was, her hallucination just knocked on her door with not one but two bottles of milk and, charmingly, a bouquet of flowers.
Martha sighed, "He's so pale and thin and...I don't have the words- disconnected as if he's in a daze."
"Contrary to your opinion, I DO see things. When we were in the museum for the Blind Banker case I saw some examples. And I DID do more in Chinatown than eat dumplings and yell through a letter box like a madman."
A third kiss, deeper and more intense found it's mark and John saw the future right in front of him. Their future.
Bumping his side as much as her hip would allow, she smiled. "I have a few ideas but I think it's best you discover them for yourself."
A male figure with a long nose and red hair gazed out at her from the mirror, at once disdainful and curious. "Goodly witch as is my task, I will show you what you ask."
He eagerly waits to see if the latest conspiracy theory is that they are government cyborgs which, admittedly, is not out of the realm of possibility considering Mycroft's involvement in their lives, or that a new and outlandish allegation has arisen that they are, in fact, lizard people. As if his posh boy would EVER tolerate being a reptile. A Bloodhound or cat possibly but not a reptile. His fingers are just closing around the recalcitrant newsprint when a bellow roars from their bedroom.
"I'm not a young girl anymore and, having lived with Mr. Hudson, bad dreams are nothing new to me. Normally though I startle myself awake in bed. I've never had a nightmare before that had me 'Zombie' baking and brewing tea."
"I'm allowing for the high probability that my idea of lazy might be more energetic than anticipated."
Right then. He was back at the flat but he was damned if he would go upstairs. No, he'd just make himself comfortable on the floor of the entryway and...
Counting on John's soft heart and the spirit of the season to grant him immunity from "punishment", Sherlock spent the entire day brooding in silence on the sofa back turned on the world. John said nothing but noted with delight that Sherlock was snugly wrapped in the Strop Blanket.
"John has found that it is helpful to talk about his PTSD nightmares. You might find discussing it revealing."
The digestif for their Full English was a leisurely snogging session followed by enthusiastic shower sex. Afterwards, with much less enthusiasm, they dressed.
Sherlock managed to eat one and by the time the wine was ready the "small" G&T had mellowed his mood.
John sighed heavily and counted to ten. "You know you do that out loud?" That was as close as Sherlock would get to a mea culpa, and John noted they both had a smile tugging at the corners of their mouths.
"There's no need for sarcasm, John. She was quite athletic from vigorous exercise with her dogs, several different types of canine hair on her trousers, and her frequent equestrian outings."
"Thank you Hudders. I couldn't bring myself to insult the occasion when you've worked so hard. John is there wine?"
"I am liking this criminal side of you John, quite stimulating.", Sherlock murmured as his roaming hand sought out a certain part of John's anatomy.
Nothing odd about John being at the kitchen counter preparing to plug in the kettle, quite commonplace actually. What WAS odd was John reaching back to wipe droplets of water off the back of his neck and realizing he'd evidently just come from a shower - one he had no memory of having taken. As it happens that was far from the most curious thing that morning.
"Good mother, please don't trouble yourself. This is John, a soldier and Doctor and a man of great honour. He sought only to rescue me thinking the tower was my prison."
Pulling John down beside him onto the bed Sherlock sighed, "Me too. It's always been you John and I want you if you'll have me. You know my history of trading certain sex acts for drugs when I was younger."
They were exchanging a passionate tongues slick snog when Sherlock, suddenly on high alert, pulled away. "John did you hear something?" Only silence surrounded them. "Hmm, odd. Well no matter, I'm just imagining things I suppose. So, what are we waiting for? Ravish me Captain!"
"If a spirit threatens me in this place, Fight Water by Water and Fire by Fire. Banish his soul into nothingness, and remove his powers until the last trace. Let this evil being flee, through time and space." At the last word the clock struck midnight.
"I'm glad, although I reckon we'll eventually find the originals here years from now under some piece of furniture we hadn't been arsed to care to move in decades."
Suppressing a chuckle, she smoothed his dark curls and made a great show of straightening his clothes. "As I see young man. Well then, Master John, what say you to this?"
The room seemed to suddenly swirl at a dizzying speed, someone or something roared and John felt himself fly through the air slamming into the wall opposite the bed. When he came back to consciousness he saw Sherlock collapsed in a heap. Wesix was gone. The Arclight had somehow remained clutched in John's fist but now it contained a thick black liquid streaked with blood red.
The old worn red armchair sighed. "You know I love you dear but we're meant to be sat upon you and I."
Snorting loudly, John stepped forward to block the path. "Sherlock, love, fetching as you are, you WILL need to put on more than the peg leg sock and the eyepatch."
So it was that Sherlock and John began to make a life together. Never far from John's mind however was the witch's admonishment, "I WILL be watching you". Little did he know.
"I advise you to drop the subject, forget this ever happened and tell Mrs. Hudson that she owes me TWO flicks of her magic wand for the indignation I've endured. Now get out of this bloody squashmobile so I can skulk away with at least a modicum of my dignity still intact."
Stomping to the window Sherlock spat, "It's one of Mycroft's cars. What does he want now, the prick?!"
Wine poured they sat down and Martha, trying to forestall any unpleasantness, served all of them a few bites of everything in an effort to entice and not intimidate their "picky eater".
"8th August is Sneak Some Courgettes Onto Someone's Doorstep Day. I think we should pay a covert visit to Gustavus and Mycroft's house. Courgettes might make a welcome change from aubergines for them."
Seeing his confusion, she spoke. "You once said you would happily remain an owl, dear Gregory, as you had been spurned by your heart's desire. What you could not know is that there had been another child born of the Holmes' before Sherlock. Mycroft was raised by the father of our cruel King Jim without care and he vowed to never permit himself to feel."
Having seen Martha safely downstairs they retired to their chairs with steaming cups of tea. "Do you really John?"
The first kiss was tender and slow, the second more assured and enthusiastic. Beyond that it moved to the sofa and there, amidst quiet and tender "I love yous", they made their own fireworks.
"Goddamnit Mycroft! It was real and Sherlock needs our help. Jesus can't you see what a state he's in?"
Unleashing a very unmannerly belch, the bedside table drawer popped open to reveal a pair of sleek dildos- one purple, one silver and gold.
He set about describing what they were up against. "Explains a lot actually. Wesix never seen in daylight, his lack of traceable whereabouts and his hypnotic influence over Sherlock. The physical and mental deterioration is the result of their encounters. Incubi are either blood or memory takers, Wesix seemingly the latter. If not stopped he will drain Sherlock until nothing remains but a shell.
"Not so much. I doubt your brother actually pays his own bills and it's possible that Anthea is secretly one of Santa's helpers and will fail to 'notice' certain charges. But just in case we need to hedge our bets." He grabbed the pirate's sash from the bedside lampshade and used it to clean Sherlock's now sticky belly. "We only need to insure that nothing is returnable."
Her sneer in response said it all. "Nor do I dear. He's too slick, too...perfect. Suspicious if you ask me."
"Couldn't hurt, besides I'm thirsty." What John really wanted however was to preserve the frankly adorable letter. Quickly placing it in his wallet, he sealed a blank page in an envelope and lit the fire.
By then Hudders was merrily making her way down the stairs scampering at a rate that was remarkable for a woman of a certain age with a 'hip'. Fortified by her herbal soother, she was safely ensconced behind a double locked door before two voices rose as one in horrified indignation.
Seated in the violin case propped next to the small unmistakable wooden treasure chest that held D'Addario Kaplan Premium Dark Rosin which Sherlock knew cost at least £75.
"Unnecessary. Yesterday, 2nd Aug, was Ice Cream Sandwich Day. I recommend substituting the Moose Tracks we currently have in the freezer."
Despite his intentions Sherlock found he WAS hungry and by the time the last of the pudding was eaten he had taken not only second helpings but thirds.
"Frankly, I think the management was so concerned for the customers that they were more than happy to let them just leave without even paying for anything. I don't think I will ever forget the terrified and hurt looks on the faces of all those people. I couldn't believe my ears, John. Don't these young men have parents or grandparents they care about? We're not talking about demographics John, we're talking about people! We're talking about..." His head dropped into his hands.
"Thank you dear", she said putting the last of the food in the fridge, "now who's for a glass of Port?"
"Agreed, but that's obviously not what's really bothering you, and before you ask, I know you well enough to figure that out for myself. Want to talk about it?"
Wesix was placated and turned to Sherlock. "I need to go now poppet, but I'll see you tonight. Don't whine or I'll have to punish you. Go back to sleep and dream of me." Then he left quietly not bothering to acknowledge John again.
Well before first light John heard stirring downstairs. He put on jeans and a T-shirt and confronted Colsan in the sitting room.
With a look of devilment in his eyes, John leaned forward and licked a broad stripe up the full length of Sherlock's frankly impressive cock. "Well I'm a doctor, you're my patient, my very naked patient, so I thought we'd play a game."
"Corpus delicti? Hudders, you need to broaden your circle of friends, Sherlock is rubbing off on you."
"Selfishly, I don't think I gave enough thought until today to how not just one person but entire groups can be so devastatingly affected by hurtful actions or words. If anyone was to ever do something like that to our..."
"John you're being unnecessarily obtuse. Look at it this way, when you were busy being born millions of people around the world were graduating university, working, retiring and most certainly dying."
Discreetly clearing his throat Mycroft began. "While the footage is being readied for viewing I must report that, to my frustration, I was unable to compile any information on Colsan Wesix. No internet or paper trail, no residence of record. For all intents and purposes he does not exist."
John snorted and began laughing so hard he came close to tumbling off the sofa to the floor. "That's putting him in his place, Martha."
"Oh for pity's sake, you're one month older than him. If I was truly looking it wouldn't be for another short, greying fellow."
John reached out and caressed the sharp cheekbones under his hands and Sherlock looked at him as if he had been blind all his life and was seeing for the first time. "Really? You're not suffering from some effects of a delayed concussion or something?"
They had just crawled out of bed when the familiar "Woo Hoo" filtered up the stairs. Sherlock clapped his hands in glee. "Excellent, I'm starving! Come along John."
"14th August, Chinese Valentine's Day, my opportunity to make amends for deleting last 14th February. There will be Chinese takeaway, I already know what the fortunes predict."
"Yes, beaches! It was strongly advised that no large gatherings occur at beaches and there are massive crowds. Thoughtless, reprehensible, irresponsible morons!"
"I...cannot." The gleam in his eyes gave him away. "Speaking of William, I haven't seen him today. Back to the North Pole?"
John quickly covered Sherlock with the duvet tucking it snugly around him. "There, that should warm you up."
"Not MY fault YOU decided to sneak the bags from the 'Man Handled Sex Shoppe' to the bins. I wanted to burn them."
A soft murmur behind them broke the reverie. "It's been a fantastic evening dears but I'm afraid I'll not be seeing midnight except in my dreams. I will however be collecting New Year's hugs and kisses tomorrow."
"You'll do no such thing! I only agreed to your picking a tradition if it wasn't boring. This bedraggled doll is beyond boring." So saying Sherlock picked up the elf by one boot as if it were contagious and pitched it towards the trash basket in the corner.
Casting a sidewise peek at John, Sherlock sighed, "If it will ease your mind, perhaps I will discuss it. As you are aware I spent the afternoon doing errands for Mrs. Hudson who, quite sensibly I believe, has decided to shelter in place. Obtaining her prescriptions at the Chemist was tedious but tolerable but then there was Tesco."
"Can't say I'm proud to admit this but after he passed out at that crime scene last week I made him give a blood and urine sample. I was legitimately checking a number of things but I also ran a tox screen- nothing. No evident physiological reasons for any of it."
"Of course not love, I'm just disappointed is all. This was meant to be our best Valentine's Day ever."
John didn't need further urging and in short order he was on his knees with Sherlock's legs on his shoulders as he did his very blogger best to accommodate the request. The position put both of their magnificent arses spectacularly on display.
"I'm sure you know", Sherlock grunted as his full stomach impeded his efforts to tie his shoes, "that I knew all along it was you moving the elf and not magic."
It wasn't helping that John was seeing multiple Marthas plus the sight of her glowering down at him, arms crossed in defiance and her hair a riot of curlers in every color of the rainbow, made him move double time.
"Mycroft," Sherlock whispered into his neck, clutching tight, like John might disappear at any moment.
"No of course it's not bloody true, just a ruddy social climbing beta desperate to keep my sister away from Mycroft. Sherlock's omega issues are not my problem,"
“Sleep, Sherlock.” John ordered, placing a hand on Sherlock’s chest, right over his heart. Sherlock reached out and held that hand like a life preserver, falling asleep almost instantly.
"I can do it, love, no need to worry," John said sweetly, quickly taking the tea pot in his hands, strong, callused hands that looked rather in-congruent with the fine china, pouring out two cups of tea. "how do you take it?"
also, i wanted to say, that the flashbacks of John's childhood were supposed to be highlights of his empathy, even as an alpha, of abuse and of Sherlock. I'm sorry if you hated them, I just wanted to give more characterization bc this is the first story I've written that isn't just a PWP or hurt/comfort.
He approached the building with shaking footsteps and Mrs. Hudson followed dutifully, her purse tucked on her elbow. A grumbling army green van pulled up to the big black gate, and the driver gave him a whistle. He approached a man standing by a door with a clipboard, eyes avoiding him, cheeks flaring with blood. The Alpha smirked, eyes raking over Sherlock before he set his feet open and licked his lips. Sherlock's stomach retched.
not. a. sound." Sherlock bit his lip and John stood over him, folding his belt in two. "You need to learn your lesson, Sherlock. High time you knew who is the Master and who is the puppy- who begs me for my cock and eats from my hand, hm?" Sherlock did not answer, heeding his admonishment and tucking his forehead down against the cool wood of the coffee table, gripping tight, expectant for the impending blow. John only rubbed a callused, warm hand across his lower back, whispering low and thunderous, "I think it's time we were clear who humiliates whom." Sherlock shuddered, barely suppressing a whimper.
Gunpowder, wool, whiskey and strawberries. Heaven. Sherlock heard the sound of the shower turning off and the door opening. John stood in the doorway, toothbrush tucked in his cheek, towel wrapped around his waist, tanned skin glistening with droplets of water. Sherlock bit his lip and leaned back on his arms, flinging his head back and giving John sexyeyes.
"Be like what? Honest? I'm hardly good looking, let alone obedient, Lestrade. I'm a disappointment that Mycroft's antsy to be rid of. Good luck to him. I'm running away soon anyways." Lestrade watched as Sherlock stood and shook out his jacket, rubbing a spot on the ground with the tip of his rubber boot.
"Yes, John, I'm sorry," Sherlock whispered, anger bubbling in his tummy. Just another reminder why he never wanted to be married in the first place- all alphas were the same. John pressed a kiss to his forehead, chaste and firm and he gave Sherlock's thigh a pat.
"I'll die Mycroft. If he dies, I die, I know it. I-" Sherlock trailed off, his voice wobbly, "I wouldn't be able to live without him," He conceded in a broken whisper, and something that might in other people be referred to as a heart cracked inside of Mycroft Holmes.
"He'll be the Captain's problem soon enough," Mycroft mumbled, stepping around Greg and slouching into his ginormous leather chair. "Now please go, I have some important work to see to," The detective glared, mouth agape in shock, before huffing and slipping down off the desk, slamming the door of the study behind him.
A sob wracked through Sherlock's body, his arms wrapped around his tummy. His eyes pressed closed and he breathed out swiftly through his nose.
"Sir, I can drive, I can fix this car, I can carry things, let me help." The Captain stared at him, assessing, and Sherlock steeled his nerve, biting down on his lower lip and staring right back, his eyes glittering with flecks of green, a single curl drooping onto his forehead.
squeal. Sherlock knows better. He leaned in and pressed his palms against daddy’s chest, nuzzling their noses together.
There was a pause, as the alpha considered this. Sherlock felt brazen, headstrong and crazy and just a little bit in over his head. The fear of John's anger was so stale a taste in his mouth, he could only taste this sly negotiation- after all, Sherlock was the one in direct communication with his transport, might as well use it now and then. If John wanted it, he'd have to pay the fee every now and again like every other husband in England. Perhaps the world.
It seemed William had made quite a study of Sherlock's interests. He next appeared inside the fridge holding a large rubber toe that was tagged "Good for one body part from the morgue. 😺Assistant Elf Molly😽"
Less than two weeks before Christmas Sherlock awoke to find John off to work a double shift and the elf astride the open screen of John's laptop. An email on his own mobile instructed him that more photos of John were waiting in a marked file IF Sherlock could deduce the latest password. Normally this wouldn't have been a problem but, whether through anticipation or overconfidence, Sherlock's efforts were met with failure time and again. Finally in exasperation he snatched the elf from his perch and tossed him carelessly on the table and sequestered himself in the bedroom. Hours later he was at last able to open the file which showcased sexy poses of John both in his fatigues and full dress uniform.
"Woo hoo. Boys!" At seeing them cozy in John's chair she smiled with delight. "Oh aren't you two darling."
John stopped staring long enough to open a bottle from Mycroft that he was sure could finance a small country. "Yeah, just needs to breathe for a few minutes."
She shuddered, "It was ghastly. I dreamt that you came home laughing after your latest murder case, all happy. Still not decent if you ask me. At any rate, I was puttering around my flat cheery as can be and fixing a tray for you. But when I went to climb the stairs I had the most terrible pain and dropped the tray. One can never really tell about things in dreams but it seemed that I died. Most frightening though wasn't my death, it was that everything around me - the flat, you - it all faded away as if none of it had ever existed."
The Great Grey Owl, silvery feathers glimmering in the sun, entered the garden with a bark of alarm. "Mistress Martha, I come to raise a warning."
"Perseid Meteor Shower - Peak Viewing Night. The roof, you and me clothed in nothing but a blanket of stars."
This time Sherlock threw himself down like a toddler in timeout but kept quiet. "Good. Getting down to it straight away, then. Did you get it right?"
You well might ask then, what became of evil King Jim? Legend has it that one day he disappeared never to be seen again. However, should you happen upon this Kingdom and find yourself in Mrs. Hudson's magic garden, go to the pond. There you will find a school of the most glorious goldfish resplendent in the brightest of gleaming orange hues. They spend their days swimming lazily around the fountain at its center.
As they walked up Baker Street to Rossmore Road towards the bonfire John fingered the Arclight tucked inside his jacket. "Beautiful night for it and because you've been so good these past days I've got a surprise for you."
To his consternation, Sherlock found the chauffeur for their bright neon limousine was none other than Mycroft. "What are you doing here and in this? Not exactly your style."
Greg placed a consoling hand on Mycroft's arm and squeezed as the scene became viscous with Sherlock being impaled with little preparation or care. Suddenly Martha shrieked!
John chose that opportunity taking advantage of Sherlock's open mouth and kissed him with vigor AND tongue.
"Doesn't make a difference, firm no! You'll just have to be satisfied with listening to Golden Oldies on the radio while we drink tea."
Feigning innocence Sherlock purrs, "Whatever do you mean, John? 9th August, Book Lover's Day. We will be exploring the Kama Sutra. Be sure to stretch."
The older Holmes steepled his fingers under his chin, an eerie impersonation of Sherlock. "As you are aware, Sherlock's return to health under your care compelled me to remove all surveillance equipment from Baker Street but I could send a team."
"Ok, I'll make you a deal. If I promise that tomorrow your elf won't be boring, you promise to play along."
Once upon a time (I believe it may have been later last Tuesday) John had followed Sherlock to a drug den and rescued him with true love's kiss. As it transpired, this rescue was orchestrated by fairy godmother, Mrs. Hudson and archenemy, Mycroft who both had meddled in their own particular way to orchestrate said locking of lips.
The ensuing days were hell. No matter what John or Martha did Sherlock was inconsolable. John knew Sherlock's attachment to the skull and what it represented was deeply ingrained in his Mind Palace. Billy had seen Sherlock through despair, addiction, recovery, reinvention and finally to what passed as contentment. Losing Billy was like losing a part of himself and John was having nothing of it.
In moments Sherlock fell into a peaceful sleep as John carded gentle fingers through beloved dark curls.
John rose and knelt between Sherlock's splayed legs. "Well at least Big Ben will ring again and there are other ways to make fireworks, if you want to."
Making a face as if he was sucking a lemon, Mycroft warned, "No you REALLY don't. In point of fact I strongly suggest you refrain from any more details that could possibly cause me to crash the car."
Looking far more like a housekeeper than fairy godmother, Martha gave him a knowing glance and smiled. "Well done you. Are you just stopping by to chat or do you want something, dear?"
John looked up shocked to find Martha's face flushed, her eyes flashing. It was clear to her that last remark had hurt. "Oh goodness, I'm so sorry, dear. That was...I think I'm the one needing a drink now."
When the elf failed to appear for a second day, Sherlock was more disheartened than peevish. "John, am I to truly believe that William's feelings were hurt?"
"I do if you do." He stretched with a groan, "Nearly midnight and I'm not regretting us having no noisemakers as I'm sensing a possible hangover on the horizon to christen the New Year."
Sherlock was beginning to regain his energy but retained no memory of Colsan Wesix or any of their time together. The band of "soldiers" had sworn an oath of secrecy and the terrifying episode was forever buried.
Just then 221B came into view. As soon as they stepped inside it was immediately apparent that danger was afoot. From upstairs a loud crash was followed by the sounds of a shrieking woman. Dropping the bags, John tore up the stairs as Martha, always prepared, tapped the Bluetooth in her ear summoning the police.
To this point Mike had only been an observer. Now leaning forward he spoke in a tone that demanded attention. "Martha, gentlemen, THAT is an incubus."
The ceiling above chimed in, "And just where do you suppose all the exploded muck off you and them winds up? On ME!!"
Giggles became guffaws and soon all three were wiping tears from their eyes. That was when Martha saw a look pass between her boys that said adoration and love. "Don't sit there like great lumps you two, put Billy back where he belongs."
"No you git! They ship us." He was met with a blank stare. "Ship Us, as in approve of our romantic relationship. RelationSHIP. See- SHIP!"
Thursday 24th December - Christmas Eve  The stockings were hung by the chimney with care and William had climbed to a place of honour seated atop the mirror above. With a cheeky wink, although that might have been their imagination, he pointed down at the two jumbo bottles of Swiss Navy Lube, one in each stocking. Cooling Peppermint in Sherlock's and Chocolate Bliss in John's.
John blinked owlishly at the man that he had often teased was part elf or leprechaun. The man gazing at him with a gentle smile- Mike Stamford.
Before both feet were firmly on the floor, her voice rang out. "Who dares to breach the sanctity of this tower and accost my son?"
"And since I know THIS one is going to tell you what your gift is I'm going to give it to you now. So there - Sherlock!"
"Obviously. However it appears you are correct about the tons of merchandise. Dear Lord, those Funko dolls are outrageous! No one's head is that big. Well perhaps Mycroft's, but really John!"
They had spent the previous weekend engaged in a rather realistic mock "field exercise", as Captain Watson would say, simulating what such isolation might be like. Sherlock had been tasked to deal with any potential cases via phone or internet only even if the case were "a possible NINE, John!". Instead the hours were filled with experiments, crap telly, visits from Mrs. Hudson and board games ("It's Cluedo, John. You KNOW I allowed you to win."). Admittedly that last had disastrous results which were only assuaged by a spectacular exercise of another kind in their bed that took up most of the rest of the day.
"Course I did. What with my diminished brain capacity, that's one of my menial tasks innit to keep track of things like that?"
It had taken all of John's fortitude to excuse himself and retire to his room when Wesix appeared at their door. Mike had been very explicit in his instructions to John about how critical the timing of things was to the success of the plan. Sitting on the floor he examined the Arclight in his hand. It was an unremarkable clear glass ball that looked like nothing more than a cheap ornament. It had no decoration or opening but according to Mike it was a powerful magic vessel. His ears perked up at the sounds of Sherlock and Wesix going to the bedroom and he ground his teeth waiting for the moment he could strike.
Mycroft scanned John's face giving nothing away. "As Gregory says, John, we are NOT questioning your sincerity."
"Jawwwn- what ARE you doing?", Sherlock whined flopping into John's lap narrowly missing the laptop perched on his knees.
"No Scotland's Florida. Of course America's Florida. There is some sort of university spring break tradition there and students are basically ignoring all protocols for safety. Disgusting!"
In the deathly quiet left behind John retrieved the hat and, cradling it like a precious treasure, opened his laptop.
"Not THAT pain in the arse and don't try to change the subject. I kept up my end of the bargain, now you have to keep yours and remember - no touching the elf."
Standing up to loom over Sherlock, a strange sensation, John softened his voice. "It's my effort to to tell you it matters to ME. YOU matter to me."
"Don't forget, I don't have any memory of my shower a half hour ago but, with your sweet tooth, if Martha made brownies, we ate them. Ah, Martha, is it possible, that is, did you by any chance make a 'special' batch for Mrs. Turner? You know, the 'herbal ones?"
"Shan't be needing a lift. By then I'll be zipping around on one of those hover board thingies from that 'Back to the Future' film."
For a brief moment John found himself entertaining the fanciful notion that perhaps they'd both been "beamed" into their current positions via The Tardis or a Starship Enterprise transporter. Then he found his voice, "Bit easier to play WITH the violin innit?"
"You were the one who brought up erotic fantasies, Sherlock. After all we're not the only ones with a 'toy' drawer in the bedroom."
Waking early, Sherlock was determined not to appear interested in their new flatmate. He found the elf no longer on the mantle but wrapped around the base of his microscope along side of which was a small box containing slides of various ash samples, blood smears and bacteria. Tamping down his excitement he only barked out, "John, tea!"
The normally cherubic man looked anguished. "You're not going to want to hear this next but the Arclight can only be used when Wesix is actively engaged with Sherlock."
"You want to discuss that NOW?" John moved closer and began to work Sherlock's already interested cock with languid strokes.
"No, let me finish. I did many things but never penetrative sex. I want that with you John. I want you to be the first man to make love to me."
"I know you like to spoil him, Martha, but honestly the way he 'finds' things in your flat and appropriates them is really not on. Jesus, I'd need to buy you several chickens and a cow to replace everything but then he'd probably try to use them in an experiment."
"Yes you were definitely right on that score. Then again I doubt we have to worry though. Hudders hardly seems the type for such childish shenanigans."
"Gave her name as a Ms. Truelove, nothing more. The rest I deduced. Perfect grammar, authority figure, numerous telltale red ink marks on the fingers of her dominant hand obviously from grading end of term papers. Therefore, a teacher beyond a doubt."
"August has to be the least interesting month of the year. There is absolutely nothing to recommend it."
The old woman came to stand before them glowing with an aura of lavender all around her. She touched both Owl and mirror and in a puff of smoke Gregory was made flesh once more. A handsome man with a beautiful smile, strands of silver hair and his uniform untouched.
"Thank you Gregory for your contribution and my thanks to you John for your espionage efforts. While it is well within my purview to have watched the footage in real time I was reluctant to violate the trust that has developed of late between my brother and myself."
John began to giggle, "And Sherlock and I will have rollerblades with jet packs in the wheels so we can still chase down criminals."
"A Study in Pink, you berk. Thing is I can't wrap things up because there's a part of the case you failed to resolve."
"Nope, I have plans for this brogue." John caressed the shoe which definitely got Sherlock's attention.
"That brings us to today. 3rd August is Grab Some Nuts Day. You can choose peanuts, walnuts or pecans but no cashews, they give me gas."
"Indeed you did, but I just need a brief word with Hudders. Up you go and DON'T change a thing." He punctuated this by waving the single shoe he still clutched in his hand.
John reached out and took his landlady's small hand. "Martha, we don't know what we might see. If you'd be more comfortable stepping out..."
"Movies : The Zodiac Killer, Clockwork Orange, Dirty Harry, The French Connection, and the ever popular Duck You Sucker. Just the ticket for those who crave crime and murder. Then there's Cold Turkey, even then you were destined to nag me about smoking, The Gang That Couldn't Shoot Straight, and lastly Willie Wonka and the Chocolate Factory. Absolutely a reflection of our home life, filled with useless criminals and the sweetness that is you."
"Ah I see, you think you're clever do you? Alright. Then my choice is 'He whose name must not be spoken.' Satisfied?"
"Of course I'm not dead you clot! Wouldn't THAT be a neat trick, me bringing you breakfast if I was dead?"
Sherlock and John tumbled in the door bent over with laughter. "Never thought I'd see the day when your brother actually left half his tire tread on the street."
"You heard me. Listen, I know we haven't known each other all that long but I know that I have feelings for you and I have a hunch you have feelings for me although you'd probably rather hug Mycroft than admit it. Hell! I don't understand exactly what's going on between us but something is and I want to be able to explore it. Sherlock, look at me. If you had taken that pill you WOULD be dead. We've only just found one another. Please don't make me lose you before whatever this is has a chance."
John's blood ran cold. Now he knew he HAD seen something and he had to backtrack fast. "Yeah, that's all Sherlock and now that I think of it I WAS seeing more than one Hudders so who knows what else. Sorry you two for the interruption."
"Seconds more like. Give me a minute to restart my heart then you can tell me what you want and believe me it had better be good!"
"Oh you are a caution, young man. There'll be a full roast dinner later with more presents." With a look of devilment she adds, "Might we even be expecting a birthday spanking?"
Moving in a flash, Sherlock was immediately peeved that John apparently intended to put his shoe back on. "Why are you doing that? I thought the objective of this exercise was to remove clothing not replace it."
John nodded in sympathy. "Our subconscious minds can be right bastards at times, bloody nightmares."
"A stranger has invaded the tower, Mistress. He feigned your voice, spoke the magic words and climbed the scarf. As I departed, they were disrobing and I fear mischief is afoot."
Excited like a child with a new toy, Sherlock pulls John down beside him onto the bed and clears his throat. "I will begin with the best news of all. August is International Pirate Month."
"Didn't know I needed to tell you what month it is, and any more lip and you're going to be in trouble. Now what the HELL do you want?!"
"I always make a double batch. Oh...bugger!! Do you think I switched the two batches wrong way around?"
Deadly silence filled the air and for a second Sherlock seemed to stop breathing. "Well, I don't...that's not...what does it matter?"
"I'm hurt, John. You know I promised I wouldn't do that anymore. So no I didn't...or I don't think I did and IF I did I didn't mean to. My brain is like Swiss cheese presently."
Trying to restart his heart so he could breathe again John gasped, "Who...what...how? You had a choice of protecting your brain or your violin and you chose your bloody violin?!"
If damnation had a sound John was sure they were hearing it. "Tootle pip Cols old boy.", John muttered under his breath.
"That will be enough from you young man or I'll be taking these fresh gingernuts right back downstairs and eat them all myself. See if I don't."
Shaking his head, Sherlock tsks. "David Tennant, Martin Freeman, Idina Menzel, Justin Trudeau, David Williams, Elon Musk, Amanda Holden."
Feeling guilt in every bone, John sent up a prayer that the British Government's timing was impeccable as always. Thankfully before he could respond, a loud persistent horn sounded repeatedly from the street below.
John couldn't blame the trio seated opposite him in Mycroft's office for looking at him as if he might be having some sort of PTSD breakdown. He had trouble believing the story himself, but at least Mycroft, Greg and Martha had agreed to hear him out.
"Nor am I, but we have most certainly suffered a considerable amount of lost time. I would suspect a gas of some sort but, again, we are exhibiting none of the typical aftereffects. I'm at a loss to explain..."
Outside the sounds of car horns and people banging on pots and pans began filling the air. "Guess it's time. Happy New Year John."
"Not spying, just observing for Santa, and don't forget I said there will be rewards for good behavior."
"As if they need to go AWAY to find new places to shag!", a porcelain voice echoed from the loo. "Trust me, shower fucks are alive and well and I can't close the curtain or my eyes. Forced to take a front row seat I am."
"Not that I'm complaining about the peace and quiet", the skull interjected, "but I DO wish the Strad was here to provide some soothing music and not off to Majorca with those PEOPLE. Nevertheless we should be glad of this opportunity to vent our frustrations excepting, of course, those in 221A where apparently everyone is always happy as Hudders. Whatever that means."
If John had been hoping for some small bit of normalcy that expectation was dashed when he entered the flat to find Sherlock's bedroom door wide open revealing both men nude and indeed "having a vigorous hump". They didn't hear him approach until he gasped, "Christ!"
"Looks to me as if Krampus came in the night to scold you for being naughty and, before you ask, if you don't know about Krampus, Google him. Were I you Sherlock I'd get right on that apology, unless you'd rather we put the switches to good use."
Saturday 26th December - Boxing Day. The aroma of fresh baked scones roused them from their afterglow slumber. John yawned and stretched as far as Sherlock's death grip on him would permit. "Mmm, smell that? Hudders must have come back from her sister's on the first train, it's barely half eight."
"I concur, John. Having no frame of reference for our previous activities is disconcerting to say the least. I agree more rest IS in order for all of us."
When last call had long passed, he stumbled tits over tea kettles out of The Beehive Pub and tried to decide what to do next. If he had gone to The Volunteer, a short ways from 221B, he could have crawled home. But the "blog groupies" had become too bothersome there and Sherlock had been lured by, of course, the promise of Bees. So John faced the prospect of a daunting trek or risking throwing up in the backseat of a cab, provided he could get one. Besides, he didn't want to go home, if Baker Street could even be called that anymore. Unfortunately his housing options had evaporated like his dreams. He had only himself to blame for not being honest with Sherlock about...well damn near everything. Now it was too late.
At that the mood in the flat turned from somber to giggling joy. "Sorry to disenchant you, but Sherlock and I are bundled up. Unless you fancy a flash of my calves beneath my dressing gown."
Sherlock jumped as if he'd been in a daze. "Obviously. What isn't obvious is WHY I'm here. Frankly, my last recollection is coming in last night after solving our case. I don't even remember getting up this morning."
Friday 25th December - Christmas Day brought a welcome snowfall that really COULD make one believe in magic. Erring on the side of extreme caution, William was now wearing a full blindfold and was nestled comfortably in the branches of their live Christmas tree. Two brilliantly wrapped gifts marked to "Sherlock and John Love, Santa" lay underneath. There was a full sized Pirate Outfit just like William's including a peg leg sock for Sherlock and an early 18th century Royal Navy Captain's uniform for John.
Martha, now deprived of her magic mirror, ceased her ardent 'watchfulness' of her foster son and his husband. But truth be told she WAS known to sit before her crystal ball on nights when the moon was full, just to make certain all was right in the world and, of course, for science.
"I am NOT finished but clearly you're not going to allow me to continue, so kindly tell me what nonsense is rattling around in your empty little head and get it over with. Oh and you might as well start with telling me why, besides going to Tesco - BORING-, that you detoured first to New Scotland Yard for a visit with Gabriel and, gag, my brother. Or was  Mycroft just there by accident for a bit of 'afternoon delight'? As if they're fooling anyone when he brings donuts and the D.I. closes his blinds and locks the door? Nauseating!"
Putting a finger in the air in way of a pronouncement Sherlock quipped, "We shall install a lift so as not to deprive you of the pleasures of hoovering AND bringing us tea every day."
"She needn't. Before she left she made us enough food to last until New Years, and we did agree to celebrate with her today."
"Battleship and The Game of Operation were the newest game crazes. War and Medicine? The universe is rarely so lazy."
"I've noticed he's having memory troubles too", Martha added, "and I've never known him to sleep like he is. Hours at a time and twice almost an entire day."
Advancing on Sherlock like a predator stalking his prey John snags a slender, muscled arm. "Nonsense. As you showed me, age is only a number. So I've reached the half century mark, well done me! And YOU, get in that bedroom, get naked and get ready to say a 'prayer' of thanks."
Sherlock had no idea he had a foot fetish, neither did John for that matter, but the game was definitely afoot and as the moon rose over London that evening they both had a happy ending. And for all we know it's still going on NOW.
"Gregory is correct. As much as we all wish to see this...demon drawn and quartered we must be armed with knowledge."
Before Sherlock could finish, John slipped the black brogue in place. There was a shower of fairy dust and suddenly Sherlock found himself completely nude save for a pair of blood red patent leather stilettos on his feet.
By the time Guy was cinders the haunting scream had ceased. "Brilliant John, you have surpassed yourself. The explosion was impressive and how fortuitous that someone here engineered a 'Gates of Hades' sound to coincide with the fall of the dummy."
Suddenly Sherlock was trembling and John wasn't sure if it was in anger, in shock or both. "So, I got it wrong, and this is what? Punishment, revenge, a ferocious all encompassing need to humiliate me? That's low even for you, John."
"Too right. Poncy tosser- not a hair out of place, and whoever heard of a bloke who never has so much as a piece of lint or wrinkle on his clothes?"
So saying he began peppering kisses down both Sherlock's legs from hips to ankles then bent low to lap at the shiny leather until it gleamed in the late afternoon sunlight streaming into the flat. Sherlock moaned, shivered and gasped, "A game?"
Stunned, he barely avoided staggering on the high heels and looked down at John who was knelt in front of him. "What's going on? What's happening?"
John found it utterly charming that his usually over confident flatmate seemed shy and a tad nervous as he sat perched on the edge of his chair worrying at his shoeless foot. "You see I told you, a perfectly good sock ruined."
John arrived in the flat just in time to see a woman, wildly swinging a formidable looking hammer, about to crack Sherlock in the head as he fell to his knees in an effort to protect his violin. In seconds John subdued her, none too gently, and two of the coppers permanently assigned to patrol the area around Baker Street (thanks to Mycroft) cuffed and took her away.
"I'll create a distraction by regaling her with tales of my rewards. Speaking of which I find myself curious as to the source of the considerable funds required to procure said rewards."
After being forced to down what was surely a hundred liters of water and coffee - actually 2 glasses and 3 cups black - Hudders had at least been reduced to twins. "I take it that 'person' is upstairs with Sherlock."
"Credit where credit is due, Lock. The 'Boomers' and the 'Silent Generation' before them are made of strong stuff. They survived the Great Depression, wars, societal and political upheaval and the hardest thing of all- just getting older."
Slightly rattled, he turned to see Sherlock, draped in his favourite sheet, standing at the sitting room window with his arms poised to play his violin. Again, unremarkable save for the fact that the Strad was on the other side of the room still in its case.
Maneuvering her way through the litter on the carpet she placed a tray groaning with baked goods on the coffee table. "At my time of life, cheeky boy, I'll take whatever I can get. Besides, even with my hip, in a small space like this I just might be able to catch you John."
Wesix walked behind Sherlock groping him brazenly and sucking a deep love bite on his long elegant neck. "Nothing my own. John was just trying to disabuse me of my suspicion that his inebriation last night lead him to seeing things that aren't there. Doesn't hold his liquor well does he?"
"Then I'd best hurry along so you and your 'company' can burn off that excess energy. Just try not to break the furniture please. What MUST the neighbors think?", she winks.
John explained the situation quickly. "So I thought this notjustmom might appreciate a candid snap of us but..."
Plopping down on the sofa beside Sherlock, John glanced at the screen. "The news? You're so bored YOU are watching the news?"
"What a thrilling prospect, I can feel my arteries hardening as we speak. My enthusiasm is not dampened however because 21st August is Honey Bee Awareness Day. I don't imagine you would entertain the idea of filling the flat with bees but I'm hoping you will be amenable to a drive in the country to inspect some hives."
Replacing his mobile in his pocket Mike turned his attention back to the group. "John, Wesix can't be found because he only exists in this realm when he's with Sherlock so Friday night is our earliest chance. Besides there's more."
Mired in his own thoughts, John didn't realize he had actually made it to the big black door which loomed before him like a Hell Maw rather than a Welcome Mat. He found it unlocked and sighed as he remembered rushing out in such a huff that he hadn't bothered with the lock or his wallet. Note to self: Being a regular at The Beehive allowed him to run a tab- not a bad thing. Unlimited access to "free" alcohol when in a funk- bit not good. He was NOT looking forward to morning.
On one particular evening, she again summoned the mirror. "Mirror, mirror, oh so bright take me flying in the night. Show me my boys high above in their bed and so in love."
The sculpture is a large toad covered in warts. Its mouth is open in surprise as streams of rainbow coloured water pour forth from it into the pond. The toad's eyes are filled with a stoney fury and on its head rests a moss encrusted crown.
Being a good witch of great virtue, Martha Hudson relied not only on her powers and wiles but also the assistance of her 'magical familiars' in her continued quest to protect her foster son Sherlock. Thus it was that one such minion swooped down from a cloudless sky one day bearing a message.
This set Mrs. Hudson off in another fit of laughter as she snorted, "I guess we should be grateful Molly only gives him bits and bobs and not the entire corpus delicti."
"Indeed. 31st August, Eat Outside Day. An intimate picnic in Regent's Park on the Japanese Garden Island will be the perfect conclusion to our celebrations and we will be totally undisturbed."
When the prostate had been reduced to a gelatinous mass that no self respecting pathologist could identify and he had gently but firmly warned Sherlock that, no, he could NOT set it on the windowsill to see what effect heat and humidity had on the remaining sludge, John decided to carpe diem and plunge right in.
He's already precariously over balanced and the demanding almost frantic shout sends John sliding off the edge of the chair onto the floor square on his arse. More alarmingly, a second wail pitched just below a level only heard by small animals and babies follows the first. Ignoring his throbbing tailbone, John scrambles to his feet making a beeline for his husband reaching for the Sig that, unsurprisingly, isn't in his bathrobe. Stumbling on the door jamb he falls into the bedroom to find Sherlock sprawled on the bed looking quite bothered.
"NO!! The tone was so vehement it brooked no argument. Without another word Sherlock bent to pick up the Santa Hat which lay among the detritus and placed all the bone fragments into it. Crossing to the kitchen he binned the lot and went to his room.
Wednesday 23rd December - Sitting in the bookcase he kept watch over a fancy tin of Jasmine Dragon Phoenix Pearls, the exotic loose leaf tea that Sherlock insisted was superlative above all others. "Bloody well should be", John had said once as it was more than £100 for 400 some odd grams.
"I concur although I fail to see how she thought assaulting me with a hammer would deliver her the desired results as it is impossible to literally knock sense into someone."
"Calm down, Hyacinth Bucket, no need for histrionics. I do dare, I can prove it and I don't have to try because that file I brought home is the solution. Now if you're interested, sit back down and I'll tell you or you can storm off and never know what missing detail I've uncovered."
Warily, Sherlock peeled back the bubble wrap, froze and then gingerly removed the prize- Billy. No longer fractured into jagged pieces, the skull had been fully restored with every shard and fissure expertly mended with broad strokes and fine lines of lacquer that gleamed gold in the fairy lights in the room.
He whispered his plan in her ear. Then he climbed the seventeen stairs with the sound of Martha's gleeful cackling following behind with a cheery "Toodle Pip."
John was amused to find Sherlock still in his coat glaring at the elf who was now dressed in full pirate regalia from head to toe. He wore a black tricorne hat adorned with a smiley face skull and crossed candy canes. His clothing consisted of a white tee with tattered short sleeves and a lace tie front, a red sash belt, and black and white striped knee length trousers. The outfit was accessorized with a black eye patch, black and silver saber and, on one leg, a long sock that mimicked a peg leg.
"Was kicking myself for leaving those behind, guess we were destined to come back for them.", John waggled his eyebrows. "Best part is that now we can get up to ANYTHING we like, Lock. No one here to tell what they saw, yeah?"
"7th August, first half of the day International Beer Day, second half of the day International Hangover Day which I suspect will carry over to the following day."
The writer closed her laptop leaving the cozy room lit only by the sunset colours radiating from the fireplace. She rose, stretched and smiled; another story complete. This one had fought her tooth and nail, the planned outline and her muse battling it out until the end, but now she was satisfied. All was well at 221B Baker Street just as it should be. A detective, his blogger and the bright light that was their 'adopted mother' were happy and together.
Upstairs John scrambled to place the spy cam. Scanning Sherlock's room as if he were doing military recon, he zeroed in on the Periodic Table hanging beside the bed. Placing the device at the correct angle and height would give a clear picture of the bed's occupants. Pushing aside his distaste and feeling more than a bit like a traitor he sought out the best spot.
"Technically it hasn't but I'm going out on a limb here and assuming there's a point to this discussion."
It had been an easy Friday at the clinic and John thought to surprise Sherlock by cooking the "thing with the peas". Standing at the hob he had been startled to hear Sherlock laughing, and from the sound of it he wasn't alone. Two sets of footfalls on the stairs was followed by :
For her part Martha had spent three days preparing not only her feast but insuring that they would have their New Year's Eve supper in something other than a health hazard. The sitting room and kitchen of the boys flat had been scrubbed sparkling clean with an ulterior motive of keeping a motherly eye on Sherlock.
Jameela looked at the paper, and looked at Shanaya muttering under her breath about incompetent boys who will die from slipping on a banana peel because they’re such idiots “I don’t mind”. Jameela said out loud before she could think otherwise.
After a quick but refreshing shower, John took out the last clean shirt he had from the back of the cupboard, his Kinks Wembley 1986 T-shirt which fit snugly over his stomach.
“You didn’t even ask what I wanted. I didn’t even say I wanted a sari. I don’t even know what name to call you by and you're already talking about measuring me”.
“ I’m fine.” Jameela said shortly as she righted herself and brushed herself to check for any spillage on her sari.
“Ms Hardikar, Mr. (she took a quick glance at his name plate) Dhandania. I’m a widow” She said bluntly.
"Why don't you start from the beginning, Mr Choudhary?" Shanaya said as she sat down on the sofa next to her and leaned back observing the man sitting heavily in a straight backed chair.
The waiter nodded and turned to get the gin. As he turned around, Jameela frowned at the earpiece in his right ear.
“Okay. I was just asking how the mingling going is?” Maanav asked, still unsure but somehow realizing they were not going to be talking about this EVER.
“True.  But he’s not all that bad. He did tell me that Adam was going to break up with me for Jennie, so I should dump his cheating arse first.  Plus… his face”.
John tried not to gasp too loudly at the sheer beauty of the way he handled the instrument. Don’t go there Watson he reminded himself as he thought of the connotations of the obvious skill with which he handled this instrument and deliberately lost himself in the music.
“Are you joking? Dad’s golden boy, the heterosexual red-blooded child of his misogynistic and homophobic fantasies turned out to be just as gay as his despised black sheep. He even gave you his fucking army watch. It’s motherfucking priceless”. Harry laughed mockingly down the phone.
“You know you could have just called me. I do have a mobile. This was funny and all. But still could do without the dramatics” Jameela said as she took in the presumably mysterious voice on the other end of the phone. The woman stared at her coolly and simply said “Take a seat Dr Watwe”.
“Murray. Who else? His girl lives there. She called him up when we were studying, screaming about how some cousin of hers had seen him with another girl.”
John looked to where she was pointing to see a tall woman in a green off shoulders dress saunter onto the stage like on a catwalk.
“Yeah. Apparently, he’s some kind of genius. He came here after getting thrown out of Cambridge. No one knows why though.”
Strange. Jameela frowned at that but quickly smoothed her expression as the waiter turned to her and started making her drink.
“You don’t need to. That’s why I am here”. Lisa said as they reached the Coach’s office. Lisa jiggled the lock open with her lock picker but just as she was about to walk straight into the trap she looked up.
“I don’t know. But this is too…malicious to be just about taking valuable stuff. And anyway, the coach’s locker, five thousand in there alone. Wasn’t even touched”. John pointed out.
“My dear fellow. You push very hard for such a diminutive man. I hope my coat isn’t dusty John”. Sherlock said as he grinned at John
Shanaya's eyebrows were raised again with a challenge in her eyes as she retorted "On the day we met, I told you how I deduced you within mere minutes. That's what I do on hatefully boring days . People come to me with strange designs and codes in saris and other cloth , most of it means nothing, mostly an overzealous tailor leaving behind some mark of his on the sari. But sometimes, saris can be interesting in so many different ways" She finished with relish.
“Easy there! Sorry!” Maanav said as he wiped his shirt of the drink he spilled trying to back away from his friend who was now staring at him with the coldest eyes he’d ever seen. He repressed a shudder that had nothing to do with the slight coolness of temperature as he removed his handkerchief to wipe what little had fallen on his pants “Jameela, it’s me Maanav. It’s just me. You okay?”
“ The landlady, Mrs Hanglem, owes me a favour. Couple of years ago, her husband was accused of embezzling money from an IT company. I was able to help her out”.
“Harry!” John shouted. “Jesus Harry, let it go already! I don’t understand why you keep bringing this up every fucking time!”
“Sorry mate. She did give me her number though if any of you want to jump on that grenade. I guess I’m going to disappoint you on that front… and this as well”. John put down an ace of hearts, queen of hearts… against all the other heart cards. “And for my coup de grace”. “Murray, turn away now. The king of hearts”. John flourished the card dramatically and placed it on the table.
Sherlock stared at the traitorous lying not so ex assassin who had shot him and threatened him- and was John's wife  “Mary, I’m sure you don’t mean that. Tell me, give me a sign whether Mrs Norbury’s here”
A middle aged man with dark eyes, dressed in a brown jumper, likely due to the slightly cooler climate here in Sinhagad, waited at the door for them.
“I will be playing Bach’s Sonata No 1 followed by Chopin’s Nocturne Op 9 No 2” The man said shortly and placed his bow on the violin.
Two days later, Shanaya was arguing with a hapless looking delivery boy outside her shop who was being barraged with a dictionary worth of synonyms for “idiot”.
“No. That was their one condition. We don’t try and “be smart”. I guessed they don’t want us to know. As long as it’s not a terrorist or something, hopefully we should be okay.” Maanav shrugged.
John let go of the chain, the chain came off and collected in his hand. It was broken. John stared at it. Wiping his eyes, he walked and walked until he reached the Bridge.
“Boys! The women’s locker room has been… Coach Perry came in to the locker room. “You’ve got be joking”.
Sherlock shot him a quick quelling look, John acquiesced and smiled a false smile of his own at Lisa who looked delighted and condescending at Sherlock’s false shyness “Of course Sherlock, I understand. People can be very cruel at times. It’s good that you finally have the courage to come out and play”. Lisa sipped at her beer.
She went to the window and as Shanaya hailed her autorickshaw from the opposite road, she remarked to herself ,"She's found another one".
“That’s mine”. Shanaya said seemingly distracted as she stabbed the cloth with unnecessary force with the sewing needle.
Lisa looked down at John and Sherlock and threw the lock picker at him and ran. Sherlock shouted and ran after her.
“I was talking to a girl named Shreya last night Sally”. John said nonchalantly as he observed the others surreptitiously.
“How did it go? I don’t remember anything after Soho”. John put the pan under the tap, as he filled up a glass.
It’s good pay. In a hospital where I get to treat real patients instead of old hypochondriac geezers.
“Lisa Wayne, you’re under arrest for grand larceny and defacement.” A panting policeman said as he reached them. John pulled her up and handed her over.
That fateful day, the case the public knew as The Sign of the Four. Ms Morstan found out her treasure was lost forever, Holmes lost his treasure too.
Who the fuck was this lady ? Jameela wondered as she glanced warily at the tappy-tapp sound of the assistant texting someone-probably the creepy lady. Keeping an eye on her most likely.
They smiled at each other again. Unknown to either, they were both telling themselves not to touch the other’s hands.
As Jameela was picking up the bag with the sari in it, Maanav came back with a bag of medicines. “ Oh that was quick. You got everything you needed Jameela?”
Lisa’s face contorted into a smile, but John almost recoiled at the fakeness of it “Sherlock you will be fine. I promise. We’re just here to get some petty revenge. Little things really.” She opened her trunk and handed out sprays “Here take this.”
Jameela is a bit tricky for me - I was vacillating between Parineeti Chopra-https://goo.gl/images/TnmV6L
“How do you know my name? How do you know I have a sister?” Jameela said slowing down as she realized they had walked into an unfamiliar road now.
Her shoulder was hurting as she handed over the money to the driver and walked up to her little one bedroom apartment.
“Oh ha ha sab theek lagta hain”. He murmured and took another cursory look at the second page. He offered her a reassuring smile at Shanaya who was busy trying not to roll her eyes at the unnecessary placating.
“Sherlock. About that night. I’m sorry about leaving you alone like that.” John said in a rush. “There is no excuse to do that-
If you count, putting your hands in a gaping hole where skin and bone should be in freezing temperatures while you’re also trying to save a life of someone who wasn’t even aware of the political pissing match between the two countries. To have to treat someone with a child’s first aid kit in a jeep as you shield his body from an angry public who hate your presence there, as fun.
“Yeah, and I still listened to the fucker! This one’s on me.” Murray said loudly as he went to buy another round.
“Haha. Same old Jameela. Always know where the fun happens”. Aniket guffawed again as he lumbered off in his wife’s direction with the Coke.
The mysterious lady may or not have been telling the truth about her “deep concern” (who the fuck talks like that jeez), but that lady’s methods were definitely suspect.
It was Jameela's turn to have raised eyebrows "Which one?! Uh.. I think she said something about archenemy. Who the hell is she anyway?! "
Sherlock and John fell back slightly as Sherlock whispered into his ear “Greg and Coach Perry are waiting with the police in the Coach’s office. I think she’s about to make her attempt into the money locker. Keep close and don’t spook her. Try and let your friend know as well.” John nodded sharply and walked behind them.
She made herself a cup of tea, rolled her shoulders and clicked the blog. This was going to be more fun than whatever pub night Saxena was planning tonight.
Jameela stood straight, staring ahead at the dark road they came by as it took the posh car's trunk a surprising amount of time to open.
She stood near the trunk , waiting for the driver to open it from inside as the assistant? lady sidled up next to her still tapping away on her phone.
" Uh yes. Um, Shanaya-- I mean Ms Hardikar said I could come up . I'm here for the extra room..? ". Jameela said as she pointed towards the nameplate of 221B awkwardly.
Shanaya bent her head backwards as if she was stretching her neck, but totally surreptitiously and not obvious at all, except for the driver and the cockroaches in the back and everything else in the rickshaw except somehow Jameela, Shanaya's eyes went to the bit of the shirt riding up from her back. It didn't ride up all that much and it was dark, but Shanaya could make a glimpse of ink on her back. Significance of an emotional sort, most likely.
Because saying you were discharged because you had an affair with a superior officer would not go down well , I think.
Everyone in the rugby clubs and union had agreed that Anderson wasn’t fit to shine Sally’s boots let alone be with her. But no one had dared tell her that, especially since it was an unspoken fact this wasn’t the first time Anderson had cheated on her.
‘My mind rebels at such misuse and neglect. Give me – people who can appreciate the beauty or at least not ignore it instead of people buying whatever design looks rich enough to show off to their snide relatives.” Shanaya shoved the fabric surprisingly carefully given her frantic state back in the drawer case.
“I just have a few questions to iron out. Your main address seems to be in another city, will you be moving here?”
“No! I’m fine. I just called to find out how little brother was doing! How’s the love life? Let go of the ring yet?”
“I get it. Bart’s can be overwhelming. So, let’s see what you got. We’ll start off with running up the pitch”. John nodded as he removed his jacket. As he removed his cleats from his bag, unnoticed to him a crumpled up poster size paper fell out. As it slipped down the stands into the muddy and wet ground below, John got up, stretched himself and jogged his way to the other end of the pitch.
“My clinic is just opposite of here. My wife swears by this shop. But be warned, she said that you won’t get what you want necessarily, but you’ll definitely
“A thousand in cash total, front row tickets to England v Scotland, some watches and an expensive bracelet is missing”. Greg and Sally reported.
Jameela could see every life decision, every moment ,every challenge posed to her in those brown eyes as Shanaya said.
“Can’t afford anywhere else on an Army pension now can I?” Jameela said as she picked up a packet of dates.
“Ah yes, the brave soldier. But in this case your bravery is a foolish idea” The woman said ominously.
Moriarty and Mary’s eyes widened as Sherlock swiveled sharply in John’s direction. John smiled tearfully at Sherlock “I couldn’t save you then Sherlock. I had to make sure that no one would tear us apart again. So I made a deal of my own. I would remember everything about our lives then and protect you from them; but to do so I had to break your heart. I’m so sorry my love.” John reached to a disbelieving Sherlock whose eyes had also filled with tears as he gazed down at the brave, loyal and steadfast companion who had truly loved him for all these years.
Even though he tried not to, John’s eyes went to Sherlock Holmes’ face. His beautiful angelic face did not show effort or concentration easily with a serenity John envied. Sometimes his face broke out into an unconscious smile which did not help John’s heart rate at all.
“He is fucking gorgeous, true. But he’s going to get thrown out if he keeps pissing everyone off like that”.
Jameela swiveled to look at her as Shanaya sat straight, pulled up her full height ,despite the fact her head was touching the roof of the vehicle with her hands steepled underneath her chin.
“Why did I let you talk me into this?” John hissed to a grinning Mike. Scattered applause sounded outside as the keytarist ended on a loud note that sounded like a chicken clucking for some reason.
"Different work." Shanaya rejoined as she swung the coat on herself. Literally swung and swished . Great, she was living with a drama queen , Jameela observed sardonically.
So this is their first case together. But as I've always observed, its about them and less about the cases. So they'll be plenty of mystery but more love and angst and pining for us all.
“Yeah he’s been asking about seeing you for a while. I don’t think he’s still gotten over Diwali 1997.” Maanav joked.
The woman removed her phone and scrolled through something “ If you do move above the shop into 221B . I could pay you a sum of money to help you ease your way. Pay the rent.”
She seemed to be teasing him about something which earned her a scowl and a glare at the same time. She looked over the pub lazily and started pointing to various people. The man started saying something rapidly, waving his hands about as her face grew indulgently frustrated.
“Pretty good?” John cried before he caught himself. “I mean- I’ll go get some more beers”. He hurried over to the bar.
Jameela tried to get a look at the car number but it was sellotaped over . The car make and model was too unclear as the streetlights were barely flickering.
“For our next act, everyone, we’ve got a first timer on this stage. Please welcome John Watson!” The waitress clapped with more enthusiasm than he thought he warranted- a sentiment echoed by the audience- as by John’s count only five clapped.
John raised an eyebrow at the lies coming out of that shapely mouth and lush lips…Watson I’m going to kick our own arse, please stop.
As he hurtled down, Moriarty remained satisfied, that in this life he had won. He had succeeded in destroying the man who he so despised. The man who limited the potential of Holmes with useless sentiments and care for other people. He had destroyed John Watson and Sherlock Holmes’ story to end with him and Holmes together. Only them.
John laughed loudly, groaning as a pulse of pain echoed through his head. He gulped down his water and looked at his silver edged watch gifted from his father on his 10th birthday. “I better take a shower.”
“Hi. I’m John”. John situated his foot on the bottom rung to adjust himself on the slightly tall stool, a few titters coming out from the taller people in the back. Adjusting his guitar , John dragged the mic closer to him - thankfully the waitress had brought it down, saving him any more heckles from the arsehole jocks in the back.
Shanaya sighed internally, fantastic she was just like the rest of them. Pity. “Why am I too rich or too privileged for the likes of this little neighborhood?” She said sarcastically.
The trunk was finally open . Jameela quickly grabbed her bag and dragged her trunk out by the handle on the side .
A loud whooping sound came from right. Sherlock and John looked over to see Greg, Sally, Mike, Murray, Irene and Molly whistling and hooting at them.
, I believe my friend has found your attentions a shade annoying”. Dr John Watson, Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers, a veteran of the Second Anglo Afghan War, Kandahar, Helmand and Bart’s bloody Hospital pointed a steady gun to a snarling evil spirit who had haunted the life and death they ought to have had. Together. Always.
EEEEEEE! Damn 4 chapters already. There used to be days I couldn't reach 500 without getting bored as fuck.
Suddenly the waiter stopped, Jameela clenched her keys in her hand and made it into a makeshift brass ring.
“Yeah I’m not the Jameela you-“Jameela bit back the rest of the statement. Maanav didn’t seem to notice as they paid for their groceries.
He consulted many who promised but gave nothing, until he visited a tired looking woman with deceptively sharp eyes.
" My family has owned this property and have been caretaker of the forts here for the last six decades. I am not a rich man,but we are well known to the people around here. Two years ago, I went up to Delhi for an old college reunion . I was staying at a hotel there where I met a young Pakistani woman - Elisha Akhtar, while I was having a late night cap at the hotel bar".
"Alright, I believe you and it's easy to deduce that we didn't get blind drunk. No empties or glasses anywhere and, I don't know about you but, I'm not hungover."
"At that point the one I deduced to be the leader leapt from his perch and waded into a crowd of elderly shoppers. He opened a bottle of whiskey, drank heavily and began screaming at them that they should all die, good riddance to bad motherfuckers. He said it was brilliant that this 'Boomer Remover' virus had come along to rid the world of them as they were useless anyway. It was Dickensian. I half expected him to shout 'If they would rather die, they had better do it, and decrease the surplus population.' Appalling!"
"So I'm meant to put up with 'William' just sitting there being creepy and spying on me like Mycroft?"
"Since forever I think, I was just too much of a coward to admit it to myself much less you. But when you were...sick, yeah I do."
Grabbing Sherlock around the waist John planted a sloppy kiss on his lips leaving him with a goofy besotted expression on his face. "I pronounce you fully recovered and will do everything in my power to see that you never fall 'ill' like that ever again. I'm going to make it my business to protect you and all our family and friends always. And speaking of friends, we need to see Mike Stamford more often."
"And I have my dream come true? Sherlock's porn searches, God forbid he should do those on you and not me, and the blogger's sentimental drivel about his brilliant husband."
"Don't be bothered John. Cols and I are going out to dinner then I'm going to keep him company during his night shift. You can save the rest for tomorrow or pop down to Hudders. Be useful and entertain Cols while I change my shirt." Casting a flirty glance at the visitor he purred, "Wouldn't do to not look my best."
"Nothing like that, thank you dear, more a poor night's sleep. I had the most distressing dream, nightmare if truth be told, and it's knocked me for sixes and sevens. Do you know I was in such a fog I got up, baked AND fixed this tray without even being aware of doing it. Very unnerving I have to say."
"Don't try to distract me. As I was saying, this fan wants to honour a notjustmom. Evidently she's an avid collector of our memorabilia."
"That was only once", he snorted, "and we both know who's the only REAL Captain here." This last was emphasized by grinding down on John's suddenly interested nether regions.
John doesn't know whether to laugh or cry as seemingly every vertebrae in his back, both knees and ankles pop, crack and complain as he bends to retrieve the section of newspaper that has floated from the arm of his chair to the carpet. It's the 'celebrity' pages of the dreaded Daily Mail which is highly entertaining and has the added benefit of annoying Sherlock. It's a guilty pleasure for John as he searches for mentions of Hatman and Robin.
Following his line of sight, John was heartsick to see what remained of Billy the skull, shattered by a hammer blow, strewn across the rug. "Oh Sherlock I'm...here, let me..."
"And it will probably be ME hoovering them up even then. Don't give me that look boys. I fully intend to live longer than the Queen Mother did. That gives me a good thirty years yet so you had better keep that in mind."
Draped in an obscenely expensive 1,000 thread count sheet, Sherlock staggered from the bedroom towards his chair. Stopping abruptly he executed a perfect pirouette and stared. "John, WHAT is that abomination?"
"Most popular songs : Bridge Over Troubled Water, If You Really Love Me, Stay Awhile, Tired of Being Alone, Whatcha See Is Whatcha Get, You've Got a Friend, and The Wedding Song, aka There Is Love. Remind you of our relationship, yes?"
Mustering all his strength John held on to the wing, pressed the Arclight to Wesix's chest and began the spell as he silently prayed "Dear God don't let me make a mistake."
John had finally lost his temper this morning berating his stroppy flatmate for being too persnickety about what cases to take on. "You should just take the next client to come along even if it's a lost hamster!" Fuming, John had stormed out the door mask in place, to accompany Martha to the shops whether she wanted company or not.
Standing guard over Sherlock's mobile which had eight photo attachments of various parts of John's very naked anatomy.
Pulling his hair in frustration Sherlock moaned, "Elves, magic, good behavior? Good God it will be years before Christmas comes."
It isn't surprising that the skull initiates the conversation as he IS after all the most senior of Sherlock's possessions. "Well, well the whole place all to ourselves. The two horny idiots are off on holiday, Valentine's Day-bosh!, and the housekeeper, pardon, landlady is gone to visit her sister."
"Or that Sherlock and I just suddenly were 'dropped into' our own existence like something 'invented' us, bit not good."
Sherlock's mouth fell open in a wordless gawp and John picked up the pace. "Shake a leg. Sooner we get there sooner you get your surprise."
"I know which is why we're going to The Yard and inflicting my comedic talents on Donovan and Anderson."
Anxious to return to Baker Street to investigate just how size proportional the rest of Sherlock was to his feet, John ushered Sherlock out of the filthy drug den to a vivid orange four door Aston Martin parked at the kerb whilst still holding tight to one of Sherlock's shoes.
"Barnacle Bill the Sailor is an old sea shanty. I thought Bill - William and you ARE a barnacle sometimes, hanging on being a right pain in my arse."
"We shall see. I will tolerate your presence to begin, but I will be watching you. Fail Sherlock at your peril."
"The usual fan mail, you know. Loved the case, very exciting, amazing as always...etc etc blah blah blah."
"Starving but not for food. Come along you vandal, I have lots of illegal behavior planned for us. That is if my physician judges me fit for such activities."
"Tons, and now you'll be spending hours googling yourself. Charming. At any rate, she is quite generous to other writers, gifting stories and even sending presents all the while posting several stories almost every day on AO3."
If taking the measure of Mr. Wesix wasn't annoying enough, John's mood turned ferocious when Sherlock returned wearing the purple shirt that definitely challenged the the blogger's tenuous grip on heterosexuality. When or how the new "couple" left John couldn't say. He was too busy seeing red.
Let it be known that the E rated photo came out in glorious detail. However Hudders was considerate enough NOT to have that one reproduced in poster size and discreetly displayed it in pride of place away from prying eyes and those who might wish to steal it. And while she was sure the candid snap would be a huge hit with the blog fans, she will be keeping it for her own enjoyment.
"Well firstly, you might discover this plaything to be the source of some rewards for you IF you're a good boy, and second, surely the world's only consulting detective can deduce a name for a wee elf."
John jumped to his feet knocking over a small table with a crash. "I'll stop him! I'll kill him with my bare hands!"
Before any further discussion could ensue, the stairs sounded the "humans are coming" alarm and the flat went deathly still.
"Oh?! Honestly, John, ARRRGGGGHHHHH you paying attention? Pirate Month means we can pillage and plunder to our hearts content."
John Hamish Watson was having none of it and in his typical no nonsense fashion rallied the residents of 221B Baker Street to action. While he continued to work his shifts at the clinic, taking all precautions of course, Sherlock, NOT being predisposed to rowing with chip and pin machines, was assigned the task of procuring all that they and Mrs. Hudson would require to comfortably endure a prolonged period of self quarantine if necessary.
"Just Because Day. I intend to spend the day telling you all the reasons I love you - just because."
"No concussion, of sound mind, sober as a judge, just me telling you the truth. I want that chance with you, Sherlock, give US that chance. Now stand up because I'm going to kiss you."
"Capital! 22nd August is Be An Angel Day but I don't believe either of us is capable of that. Therefore we are left with Tooth Fairy Day."
"No self respecting criminal does ANYTHING in August. It's a well known fact, oh and for your information September is Mould Awareness Month."
Sherlock's eyes sparkled with amusement. "Then John Hamish Watson IS going to to do something worthy of an ASBO."
"Right. That's settled then. I'll help you get the tray back downstairs, Martha, then I'll be binning those hallucinogenic brownies. Better safe than sorry. We don't need psychedelic snacks complicating our already convoluted lives. Be back in a tick, Lock."
"28th August, Race Your Mouse Day. This rather confused me, is there some double entendre associated with mouse?"
"Sorry. Initially they weren't but I called Mycroft that same night, from the Chinese actually and he put Greg right on it. For someone so smart you can be pretty dense sometimes, welcome to my world. The cabbie's fingerprints were on both capsules but only one had both his and yours. Got the answer fairly quickly and I want you to know, you got it wrong Sherlock. You would have swallowed the poison. You got it WRONG!"
"Bravo to Big Brother. A fornacation picnic it is then. We're going to have quite an august August. What about cases?"
"Aye matey, you'll be wanting it because, if I neglected to mention, August is also Romance Awareness Month."
John charged forward as if he was back at war, fury burning in his heart. "Let go of him you son of a bitch!" He went to grab a shoulder then thought better of it and dug his fingers in a vice like grip into one of the leathery wings which had a wet slimy feel. For a second Wesix didn't resist then with renewed awareness he turned full force on John.
"Hilarious Watson, but it is a good photo. Hudders was so impressed she went out and bought a similar phone. It was nice of her too thinking to get this extra print for us. It inspires me to concoct erotic fantasies."
"Hardly necessary as my brilliance is self congratulatory. Besides, there are better ways to occupy your time."
"You can't possibly. Those pills weren't retrieved and there would be no way to tell even if they were."
"Not going to smack you that hard, beautiful, but your posh, pretty, gorgeous arse can still be thankful that I'm not turning 💯. Happy Birthday to me!!"
With no small dose of sarcasm John replied, "Oh thank you your most gracious Royal Highness. Challenge accepted!"
To her consternation and secret delight, she was greeted by the vision of the two men deep in the throes of passion. At first tempted to look away, she instead arose, cleaned the mirror and resumed her 'observations'.
Knowing this was coming, John sighed, "When I came home you were already asleep, my laptop beside you. But the elf was still in the sitting room. By the time I was ready for bed he'd gone but it was obvious you had broken the magic. William won't be back unless you write a note apologizing for your mistake. Until you do he'll be too weak to resume his duties. I DID say."
A harrumph came from the coffee table. "You think I ENJOY being stood on like I'm a stepladder? My back is a wreck!"
"Best let me see it first, we don't want you to have to do it again. Then we burn it in the fireplace. The smoke and ashes will carry to the North Pole and hopefully all will be forgiven."
"Oh bollocks! No you don't John Watson. I'll not have you littering up my hallway snoring or God knows what else. Get your sorry self into my kitchen and I promise you WILL be sorry if you don't!"
Returning from work, John expected to find his husband in a strop and was not incorrect. Dropping a kiss onto luscious curls he headed for his second shower having done so before leaving the clinic. "Just off to shower again, can't be too careful. Be back in a tic."
"Not at my time of life and I think I best text when your guests arrive. We wouldn't want any unexpected surprises. Have fun dears."
"Listen to all of them Brother dear", pinged John's laptop. "All day long every single day- peck peck peck! My keys have bruises every colour of the rainbow."
Now the table was set and she and John hoped for the best. To their relief and delight Sherlock appeared in his usual bespoke suit and a vermilion shirt that definitely "did things" for John.
When the air was filled with the obscenities vomited from the demon's mouth John stealthily made his way downstairs. This time his mind and vision were clear as he glared at the scene in front of him. Mike had given him good advice. Incubus Wesix was finishing and he and Sherlock were both in a foggy delirium. It was now or never.
"Blech! Fortunately 6th August is Fresh Breath Day, thankfully after that horseradish, and Wiggle Your Toes Day. Don't even TRY to tell me you don't have a thing for my toes."
The PM in his "infinite wisdom" had issued rather broad and sweeping generalities concerning how the citizens of the U.K. should approach the coronavirus pandemic. Whilst the schools remain open for now, it is suggested that people not frequent places such as theatres and pubs, because you know, priorities? By all means protect the punters, the kiddies can see to themselves.
"And me.", the lino floor warbled. "It happens so often that I'm warped, and listen to my voice. It's cracking just like my finish."
As they began to undress John kissed Sherlock again but then cocked his head, his expression somewhat perplexed. "Funny thing that. There's nothing now sweetheart but for a moment there it DID sound for all the world like the whole flat was crying."
The landlady, not your housekeeper, amateur photographer sends her best wishes to notjustmom for a very Happy Birthday nonetheless.
He returned wrapped in his favorite dressing gown, toweling the last droplets of water from his not so military haircut. It took a bit of getting used to the longer style, but Sherlock's lustful reaction to that "stunning swoop of silver" made him decide it wasn't so bad a change.
Hudders had been right. The aroma of biscuits wafting from 221A drew Sherlock like a moth to a flame.
"We don't need a poisonous plant in order to snog and a theme? Honestly! You know I would choose blood samples or severed body parts which you would immediately reject."
"13th August is an abundance of riches. Friday the 13th AND Left Hander's Day. You may formulate the plans for us."
They pulled up in front of 221B in record time. "Aren't you going to open the car door for us brother mine?"
Hugs, kisses and breakfast delivered, Hudders secured their promise that they would make themselves 'decent' when she came up later with supper.
"Good! Now getting up to speed, 1st August WAS International Forgiveness Day so we're off to an excellent start. I make a motion that that particular holiday be extended to encompass the entire month. I also second the motion. Motion carried."
"Right there with you, love. I don't remember going to bed or showering. Something is definitely...hold on. Sherlock, did you drug us last night?"
One eyebrow arched high and head tilted, John adds, "Yes, indeed there will and I'll be the one giving it."
"No, men...not her area. Nevertheless, she was preoccupied with your love life and was rather emphatic that it was evident from your blog entries that you are smitten with me. By a process of skewed logic she concluded that my failure to publicly reciprocate was denying you 'the happiness you so richly deserve' to quote her exact words."
She sat up straight, resolute but not insulted. "Thank you dear, but I was married to a very bad man, and have taken men, women and, at times, those who are proudly non-binary as lovers. I've seen and done most anything you can imagine, so I am quite prepared to endure whatever needs must for the good of my boy."
"Fine, Greg. As I was saying before your outburst, one can and does survive that particular milestone, also Hudders and Mr. Chatterjee, both in their eighties, will affirm that it does NOT mark an end to sexual prowess."
She regarded the regal bird with distress. "Pray tell Gregory, what news?" ~ Here it must be noted that the Owl had once been in service of the evil King Jim as Captain of the Guard. When he refused the King's decree to murder the young Sherlock, he was pursued into the forest by the King's soldiers with orders to 'cut out his heart'. To save him and reward his bravery, Mrs. Hudson transformed him to his current state, leaving his human voice intact. In return for her kindness, he became a fierce protector of the boy in the tower.~
Looking sheepish he turned to Sherlock, "Weirdly, as if anything in our lives ISN'T weird, the canine teeth were the only bits I didn't find so..."
"Politician, actors, musical performers, and whatever it is that Musk fellow fancies himself to be at the moment - all 1971 babies. Not too shabby company to be a part of but frankly all of them pale in comparison to my conductor of light and handsome husband, although that Freeman fellow is rather hot."
John nodded. Rationally he knew that an abundance of melanin could give someone overly dark eyes but no one had totally black eyes. Except this guy certainly appeared to, his eyes so pitch black that at first glance John felt like he was staring into oblivion. "Looks at you like he's homicidal. And that name, who has a name like that?"
"I'm sure. The logistics are already in place as he has made similar arrangements for his own erotic rendezvous."
"You are a tenacious brat. If you must know, I took a clue from your book and used Mycroft's Coutts Silk Card."
"Yes, yes, once again, basically fond. Not done yet. Telly : Coronation Street, Doctor Who, Benny Hill and, perhaps most precognitive, Upstairs Downstairs. I'm guessing seventeen of them. What I'm saying is your fate was predetermined in 1971. It was a maelstrom of events that shaped who you are and that shape, John Hamish Watson, is perfect."
It was beyond comprehension, but what they were seeing could not be denied. Wesix transformed into something NOT human. Huge red wings supported by black ribs topped with razor sharp spurs sprouted from his back. His formerly flawless forehead held two small red horns and a long red tail with an arrow shaped tip emerged from his hindquarters.
Overhead fireworks began blanketing the city sky with percussive sounds and vibrant displays. As they walked towards home Sherlock took John's hand interlocking their fingers. " You know John it's quite interesting how fire can be made to scream. It involves gunpowder and steel containers with holes and the end effect is really exceedingly..."
"Easy for you to say to them.", the bedside table scolded. "You're not the one always shut away in a closed drawer. And the rare times their vibrators go off by accident in me- well let's just say none of us are thrilled. Makes my wood grain splinter and gives them raging headaches."
"It's small wonder to me that someone didn't suffer a medical emergency. It was stressful to say the least."
"Right, see that only proves I can be as clueless sometimes as you think, but in my defense I've been really distracted of late, hence why I want to talk. Sit down will you."
Sherlock then chimed in, "And Greg...Greg?! I called him Greg, too much wine! At any rate, he'll be Commissioner of New Scotland Yard with a flying car and Mycie will have a giant drone umbrella so he can soar all over the United Kingdom without getting his cake wet."
Leaning over the edge of the kitchen table trying to stab a plate of Hudders mince pies with his saber.
Tuesday 22nd December - William was tucked in the left pocket of the Belstaff and stuffed in the right was an entire replacement set of both outer and inner buttons for the coat and a spool of thread perfectly matching the buttonholes. John chuckled, "Apparently SOMEONE saw what a disaster it was when you lost one button last month. Good to have extra innit?"
Desperate to change the subject John stammered, "Well, thankfully you seem unscathed so let's take a quick look around and check for any damage." Raising his eyes from the floor he was startled to see Sherlock, his face a mask of horror, focused on the mantle.
"Like you've got the market cornered on aggro.", shouted the kitchen table. "I've been set on fire, burned with acid and chemicals AND JESUS- did no one EVER tell them I was meant to be eaten off of not fucked on?!"
It was insane John knew, but Sherlock was wasting away right in front of his eyes and John was now convinced he had seen something not of this mortal world. Sherlock was in terrible danger and it was time to get help. Time to call Mycroft.
Colsan threw a smug smirk in his direction and Sherlock, devoid of embarrassment, blurted out "Come along John, make up your mind. Go away, pull up a chair or join in. No wait, delete that last 'Mister I'm not gay'." Lewd laughter ringing in his ears John bolted up to his room.
Neither were successful in stifling their laughter then and it elicited the predictable result. "John, are you planning on staying down there gossiping like a scullery maid all day? I need that iodine. This cancerous prostate gland isn't going to wait forever!"
John grinned as he knelt between Sherlock's knees and gave him a tender, warm kiss. "Hope you know I'm not the kind of boy who gets on his knees on the first date for just anybody."
Thus it was that daily Martha observed her charges. There were experiments, music and the occasional row, but she was pleased to see her Sherlock flourish under the care of his John, even eating. She would allow it to continue, for now.
"Very well, I have an alternate suggestion. A small but effective recording device that can be placed in a way as to not arouse attention. I will have one available for you day after tomorrow as it must be custom made. Employing it we will have irrefutable evidence either way."
To be perfectly fair, John had been rather diligent in placing William in ways that Sherlock could retrieve his rewards without being tempted to, or accidentally, disturbing the elf. This WAS meant to be fun after all, and John hoped they would make it to Christmas without incident. Unfortunately that was not to be.
"Tell me about it! You weren't the one she chastised for not putting the shopping bags in the recycling."
The secret "Save Sherlock Holmes" crew had grown by one in number. "I know we've not seen the results yet but I took the liberty of asking him to come. If we ARE dealing with the supernatural no one is a better amateur expert.", Martha assured them.
Now let it be known that the good witch was most prudent in the use of her spells so as not to draw undue attention, but here needs must. In a flash she materialized at the base of the tower. "Sherlock, Sherlock, let down your scarf", she cried. ~ Before you inquire, she felt that suddenly appearing in the room might prove inadvisable. This was a most astute assumption as Sherlock and Doctor Watson had just settled quite comfortably in bed both naked as if fresh from the womb.~
Trusting the witch with the pureness of his heart, he reached into the glass only to feel a hand clasp his in return. He pulled back his hand and the mirror vanished.
John saw her safely to 221A and returned to find Sherlock no longer in his sheet. "What's this then?"
In the morning Hudders climbed the stairs to find them still on the sofa wrapped in each other's arms, sleeping peacefully. She covered them with a throw and noticed Billy seemed to be smirking. Conspiratorially she chuckled, "Well done you. First time a fractured skull proved to be a good thing. And just between you and me", she winked, "I KNEW they wouldn't be needing two bedrooms."
John suggested they enjoy the feast but Sherlock was having nothing of that. "You promised me a surprise, deliver please."
Abruptly the mood turned frantic with Wesix stripping off both of their clothes and throwing Sherlock roughly on the bed. A soft collective gasp filled the office as Sherlock was pounced upon by a predator stalking prey.
The mantel rippled under a bony jaw, "About bloody time we get to have a say about what goes on around here without", it shuddered, "me having to worry about being stabbed every time the post arrives with some 'must keep' papers."
"Hello dear. How thoughtful but you needn't have bothered replacing the milk, that boy is always borrowing things. I don't really notice most of the time unless I decide to bake and my eggs, flour, sugar, and milk have disappeared only to be reincarnated as the cure for bubonic plague or jock itch or whatever else his latest mad scientist experiment is when it's at home."
When calm prevailed Mike continued. "There's one way to vanquish an incubus, he must be captured in an Arclight. It's a ball shaped 'prison' if you will, and there's an incantation you must recite when using it. It will take me several days to procure an Arclight, you can't just pick one up at Tesco." Taking out his mobile, Mike scrolled his contacts to A.Z. Fell AND Co. and texted: "Gentlemen, I need your assistance."
Martha did indeed know when to take the picture. "How wonderful! She'll love it I'm sure. See here, I'm trying to sharpen my computer skills so I'll take this and print it out for you. Besides", she waggled her eyebrows (and who KNEW she could do that), "from the expression on that one's face, John, you have somewhere else to be and something else to be doing."
Moved beyond measure, the owl brushed the face in the glass with his feathers as if wiping away tears in sympathy and affection.
"Got it in one genius. In a word- perfect. Give Hudders your phone and we can finally put that fancy camera to good use."
The tale now fully told my friends means we have truly reached The End. So I proclaim with joy and laughter " And they lived happily ever after".
"I don't suppose it has escaped your attention that he's stopped gagging and snarking every time he sees you two together. Mycroft? Greg?"
"Sound advice dear, and I'm going to cut back on my 'herbs'. Not a fan of repeating the experience of feeling as if someone walked over my grave."
The new week now well underway saw John overworked and exhausted at the behest of the NHS, and it fell to Sherlock to be hunter and gatherer on Mrs. Hudson's behalf obtaining both her medications and all the necessary baking ingredients to keep their family of three sufficiently nourished.
"Sure? It would make ME feel better if I knew what troubles you.", John coaxed draping a gentle arm over a lean shoulder pulling Sherlock to his side and into a cuddle.
Sherlock lay back with a pool of cum cooling on his stomach and rumbled, "You neglected to answer my question."
"That's ages from today plus it's annoying beyond belief that the month has already started without me."
Our prime purpose in this life is to help others. And if you can't help them, at least don't hurt them. ~ Dalai Lama
"No. When informed of my devotion to you, he agreed to stay here. He admires me greatly, finding my deductions and music amazing. I am taken with him as well."
Reluctantly with cheeks blushing pink, Sherlock handed over the note and John began to read to himself. "Dear William, please accept my sincerest apology for breaking the rules and disrupting your magic. I confess my transgression was brought on by a fit of pique caused by my inability to quickly decipher John's new password which, ironically, proved to be 'Don't Touch the Elf'. I hope to see your return to good health as I have found our interactions enjoy...ah, not boring. Sincerely, S.H."
"Oh sooo sad.", hissed the fireplace. "At least you don't get set aflame in the middle of damned summer because it's 'more romantic'."
"Not that I can recall, not that I CAN recall much of anything. I suppose I had my usual soother and...possibly...one or two of the brownies from the batch I made for you. I mean, I know I MUST have made them because what's left of them is wrapped up on my kitchen table. Goodness my memory today!"
"No doubt she's been baking since she got in the door to make it up to us for not being here the last two days."
A strange scowl passed over Colsan's face but he quickly covered it with a cruel smile. "Drinking that much tends to cause hallucinations, Johnny boy."
With Sherlock gone, John finally looked, really looked, at Colsan Wesix. He appeared to be younger than Sherlock but that was difficult to judge, 3 perhaps 4 centimeters taller, and around a stone heavier with what seemed to be an overly fit physique disguised by an outrageously expensive suit. The whole package was topped off by flaming red hair, shorter than Sherlocks but with more posh product. Most striking/alarming though were his eyes, an impossible shade of black, that were boring into John who wondered if there were two holes being burned into the wall behind him.
The handmade jumper is a rich peacock blue into which is knitted "50 and Fabulous" in gold and silver thread. "It's brilliant, I'll wear it tonight."
Before Mycroft could answer, Greg spoke up. "My men worked with Myc's people and none of us could track him. It was like every time he left Baker Street he would disappear into thin air. Granted, he only showed himself in the darkest hours before dawn but it's...scary."
They said nothing as he boarded the train, their eyes locked as he took his seat by the window, and Sherlock stepped forward, as if to reach out and catch him, before the horn blared once more and the wheels began to chug along the tracks. Sherlock's feet moved of their own volition as he stepped along with it, watching John's eyes and smiling, as if this were just a silly game of chase and if just kept going he would catch him. Suddenly a soft velvety hand caught his and pulled him back as he reached the end of the platform, his heart sinking as the golden hair and blue eyes grew smaller and smaller and smaller, and soon he could barely see a face at all.
"Shame, crying shame," He licked his lips and watched her, just a bit too much, and sniffed. A beta, but sweet and fresh like clover. He paused and looked out over the sea before following her down the metal stairs to the portside exit, his ring slipping between his callused fingers and remaining in his pocket.
Sherlock looked up at Greg, his blue eyes sparkling with a hopeful sadness. His cheeks flushed a pale pink, his curls unruly and falling around his eyes in frizzy ringlets. He was a strange kind of beautiful.
Strangely, after that, Martha seldom consulted the mirror in daylight hours preferring to wait until the sky darkened and the stars shined.
"Perfect", Martha chirped, "we can start on these salmon and cream cheese canapés while we wait. I just happen to have mixed us each a small gin and tonic to wash them down."
"That's amazing! Since I intend to spend Saturday night licking honey off your entire body I might as well make a profit on Sunday morning when all my teeth fall out. Ka-ching!!"
Dressing gown flying behind him and curls bouncing, Sherlock raced to the desk, grabbed pen and paper and began to write. A half hour later, "It's finished, John. Now what do I do?"
Sherlock places an affectionate arm around John and a quick kiss on his lips but the mood remains dour. "Need more, John? Luckily I've done my research. Let's see how your birth year foretold your future. The Aswan dam was completed, hmm, who dams up their emotions? Mount Etna erupted and there was a major earthquake in the San Fernando Valley, sound like someone's temper? The Microprocessor was developed, well, obviously the technological gene passed you by, nevertheless moving on. Fashion trends were frayed jeans, polyester leisure suits, surplus military clothing, garish colours and baggy outerwear. Explains the hideous jumpers."
The rest of the journey passed in silence with the backseat companions having energetic eye sex. Mycroft only looked in the rear view mirror once, a mistake he did NOT repeat.
"Riding" the skull which had two large gold coins over the eye sockets. Upon investigation the coins proved to be rich chocolate.
They never decided if a small sound or movement had put them on immediate high alert but suddenly...
"Oh my God. Fuck me! FUCK ME NOW!! I need something to knock that mental picture out of my Mind Palace!"
"To be honest, it was unbearably crowded but everyone was trying to make the best of a bad situation, being polite and maintaining proper social distancing. Then a group of a half dozen or so rowdies, late teens early twenties- harder to judge these days, who had come to purchase liquor and cigarettes became more than impatient and began to cause a scene. They jumped up on counters, displays and even one checkout station and began railing about how all the old bastards and bitches were holding up the queues and wasting the time of anyone young enough who would actually survive Covid-19."
"Oh, dear, I don't think John would want you smoking, love," Sherlock glared as Mrs. Hudson followed him and pulled it away from his lips, watching an expertly formed ring form in the air in front of his flickering eyes.
John wanted to punch himself with his justifications, Jesus, he sounded like his father. John shuddered at the thought, suddenly feeling quite sick.
" Greg whispered, swinging one leg over Mycroft's straddling him and leaning onto his shoulder, arms wrapped around him tight, thumbs brushing above the collar of his striped-and-ironed pyjamas. The older man wept freely into Greg's bare chest.
The room upstairs was dusty, and Sherlock cried and cried, sitting his back against the wrought iron frame of one of the small twin beds inside. A nursery. He looked through blurring tears to the rocking horse by the window, the dresser with a stack of children's books. Well furnished for a
Mycroft sighed heavily and closed his classified files, shuffling a few important papers away from view. "Come in,"
Sherlock gasped, sitting up on his elbows with his mouth open. John's dirty talk was so puerile, and yet, here Sherlock was, tummy in a knot, cock stirring, face flushed and throat dry. Sherlock's entire body glowed with embarrassment and excitement as he slowly crawled down off the bed, some blankets tangling around his ankles.
"I don't know if a party is appropriate the day after the death of a sovereign, mummy." Mycroft raised his eyebrows between bites, and Sherlock groaned. Dinner parties were
"Oh yes, quite good. You're such a good boy for me, darling," John whispered, thumb brushing across Sherlock's sharp hipbone.
Right? He was nothing without John. He was. He was pathetic, and lucky that John even looked at him at all. John was perfect. John wouldn't lie like this, hell! He hadn't even told John he'd joined up! Lying, sneaking around, manipulating. What sort of ungrateful little bitch was he?
Soon they were safe, just outside the burning water, and exhausted. The air was echoing with the keens and screams and thick was the smell of burning flesh. Sherlock panted, holding tight to John, his life preserver barely holding the both of them, and he pumped his legs to keep his husband above the surface.
I observe, I calculate." Mrs. Hudson cackled, leaning back and grasping his arm, ignoring his shocked little gasp.
. The thought of the image existing forever, it was so, intimate. He settled for turning around, sitting on his ankles and looking over his shoulder. His hips were narrow, but he had a lot of bum for not a lot of flesh anywhere else. He'd always been bony and a bit on the scrawny side, tiny, breakable. Like a deer, caught in the cross hairs and his heart raced as he fingered the shutter.
"Good because I don't wanna hear another noise from you unless it's your safe word, are we clear?" John tutted and circled Sherlock again, the submissive bowing his head back down, eyes locked on the patterns of the rug. He nodded solemnly.
obvious. But a nice solider chap like you probably wants a dutiful housewife to come home to, have a nice family." Mycroft coughed a bit, "In the interest of full disclosure, you won't find that in my brother." John took a lungful in and let the smoke come out his nostrils, still looking forlornly at the closed door.
Mrs. Hudson set a cloth over the bowl and set it in the fridge. "Oh, what's this?" She pulled out the jars in which he was storing some toes he'd swiped from Molly. Sherlock grinned as Mrs. Hudson screamed and ran, his smile weak. John would've been curious about his experiments, maybe, chastised him playfully and kissed his forehead. He closed his eyes. Just
"Haven't had a proper birthday present in years, you know," John smirked, absent mindlessly scratching at his chin.
"Lie back, Sherlock," John said gently, hands on Sherlock's shoulder blades, holding him up, Sherlock squirmed, straining his neck up to avoid the water. "Settle, love," John said sweetly, steadily. Sherlock leaned back, still hesitant. John nodded in approval before lightly moving his hands away. Sherlock panicked, thrashing in the water and hugging back to John, whimpering.
John would be so cross, so very cross if he knew what Sherlock had done, where he was going tomorrow. John would hate him forever if he knew the secrets Sherlock had kept from him.
that filled him. Feral, animalistic tremors and sounds he couldn't control. He shivered and cried into the pathetic empty cell. "help me," He whispered deflated, "please."
"Go to your room," The Alpha growled, and a thrill raced down Sherlock's spine as he obeyed, tugging on the phone and unraveling the cord. How John could have ever anticipated the need for such a long wire, Sherlock was pleased to remain ignorant of. "God, I bet you're blushing aren't you," John whispered, and Sherlock could almost feel his breath on his skin, his bondbite pulsing with want, even through the haze of induced pheromones of the scent blockers. "Posh little pale arse all pink with embarrassment,"
"I'm not! I'm not making it up," Sherlock snapped defensively, glancing over to Molly, who looked at him like he was quite possibly the second coming.
"You will not visit me, Sherlock, that's an order," The omega flinched at his husband's tone, biting at his still scabbed lip, hugging his knees to his chest around the phone. His bondbite was flaring up again, the bloody thing, and he itched at it offhandedly. "I won't have you seeing me all broken down,"
"How old were you when he did that, Sherlock?" John bit back the growl that rumbled in his chest, his nostrils flaring in rage. Seething, glowing rage.
"No, no, he's most welcome. You'll need to be on best behavior, Sherlock- he's in search of a mate." Sherlock scoffed and choked on his tea, coughing a bit, corners of his plush lips turned in a smile.
, that I was too good for them but now I just feel like an idiot." Sherlock bit his cheek. He hadn't meant to say all of that. Christ, how pathetic was he?
"NO! No, no wanna see you, Jawn," Sherlock's eyes flew open and he begged John, fingers gripping his Alpha's arms. Sherlock's back arched off the bed as he moaned in pain. "I want you, Jawn, please, please, want your pups, please, Jawn,"
"I'll be leaving next week, Sherlock, so we'll have lots of time to be ready," Esther said sweetly as she handed him the soap in the bath. He huffed and ignored the offering, pushing himself lower into the tub, a mountain of bubbles on top of him. Esther sighed as she set out towells and knelt to scrub the mud out of his hair. "Sherlock, did you hear me?" Sherlock didn't respond, only crossing his arms and sulked like a child. "You really don't have to be so upset, I'm not dying," She smiled and lathered up some shampoo.
"Because of the bite?" John said with a sad smile, fingers grazing his lover's neck, and Sherlock cried out, frantically searching the horizon for something- anything.
Sherlock nodded, pearly blue eyes averted, watching the carpark intently. John leaned in closer, palm against Sherlock's shoulder. Sherlock dark navy shorts as well, if not a bit shorter and tighter, with a silky long sleeved blouse, with sunglasses tucked up over his hair scarf. John leaned in and pressed a kiss just above Sherlock's ear, twirling a finger through a single ringlet of ebony.
"I-" Sherlock swallowed, his voice cracking just a tiny bit, "I'm not like that- I'm not, you wouldn't want me, I have to go." Sherlock pulled away, feet fumbling under him, ignoring John calling after him, the dancehall door swinging open and shut as he dashed out into the night- shivering at the rain that soaked his hair almost immediately, dripping into his eyes as he ran.
"Aftermath," Sherlock whispered as a firm hand found it's way back to his waist, his own hand just naturally finding it's place on an army green shoulder, their hands clasped together as John began to lead.
“That’s good, baby,” John twirled a strand of chocolate hair in his fingers, eyes full of care and concern “you had a bit of a drop last night,”
"It's complicated! Of course I do, of course I love him. This has nothing to do with this." Sherlock snarled.
thank you for reading, cuties!!! I know a lot of you asked for John to be a lot more rough and dominating and "Alpha" during sex, but I just couldn't do that to Sherlock, (at least not the first time *wink*)
"It's alright darling, we don't have to think about that, just dance with me," John's gravely whisper was warm and sweet in his ear as he pulled him close once more, but Sherlock's heart wasn't in it. He lay his head back down on a warm shoulder once again, if only because his mind was too full of heavy thoughts to hold up on his own.
He rolled his shoulders and closed his eyes, rubbing a circle on his omega's back. He really should have been insulted that Sherlock was crying, but he wasn't. Not in the slightest. He could not imagine what it must be like, constantly afraid of the weakness, vulnerability, not being able to control your own body. Sherlock would soon learn that he needn't control it, that was John's place, but for now, he only soothed him, whispering sweet nothings into his hair.
after the first 5 strokes, Sherlock's tears fell free, his whole being split as he bit down on his lip harshly, a dribble of blood running down his chin.
He had picked up the pen so many times, his mind wandered as the days went by, monitoring the signal board, fixing the lorries when they broke down, his thoughts adrift. He decided he had three options:
"Sherlock we're back, are you asleep?!" Janine whispered, shaking his shoulders. His eyes snapped up to meet hers and he shook his head, standing quickly and hitting his head on a beam.
"Every German message is run through it. In goes the locating of every ship and U-boat in the Atlantic, out goes gibberish. The only way to know the code is to know the settings, but they change settings every-"
"I'm cross with you, John, don't forget it," Sherlock grumbled, tucking his forehead against John's shoulder, beads of water dripping off of his sopping curls as they floated close. John only chuckled and pushed his arms back, eliciting a squeak from Sherlock as he swam further out on his back.
Yes, but now we know you're an omega, Sherlock, and that's wonderful news. We'll have a party soon to tell everyone."
"Sherlock!" The omega gasped and turned to see Greg coming around the bins. "Hello!" Sherlock only watched in terror, face flushed with crimson. Greg wasn't supposed to see him like this- like a housewife.
"What the hell was that?" Sherlock glared over their shoulders. She only gave him a shake of her head.
Sherlock was on a cloud for the rest of his shift. He had a date! A date! A date with a fascinating former army doctor. Sherlock tried not to think of the money. But he couldn’t help it. He didn’t want John to think he was a whore, but he could really use the money if he was right about Dr. Watson’s expectations. Sugar Daddy. How terribly interesting! Mycroft would be appalled. But...he and Mummy cut Sherlock off because of the drugs, so maybe this was their fault.
"I'll leave you, then," She said, giving Sherlock's shoulder a pat and leaving, the door clicking shut behind her as the large blond circled the desk and slumped into the chair, looking at the tiny omega across from him.
“No silly, it’s Christmas Eve, we’ve got the whole day to ourselves.” Sherlock smiled happily as John pulled him out and onto the bathmat, running the towel over him and through his hair. John slipped a soft t-shirt over his head, drifting down to the hem and squeezing Sherlock’s arse.
"You two behave yourselves, and I'll see if the food's ready," She got up and shuffled away, and Gregory's smile slid from his features as he rubbed his hands through his greying hair. There was a silence and Greg knocked back another glass of scotch, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand and holding back tears. Their first Christmas as a family, and Emelia wasn't even here. Mycroft stood, his shoes shining in the firelight as he approached his weary husband, wrapping a hand over his shoulders and pressing a kiss to the crown of his head.
“I’m fine, sir,” John licked his lips and Sherlock almost fainted at this blonde british sex god. John sipped his wine and nodded.
"Sherlock, are you alright?" Sweet, innocent, weepy blue eyes found his instantly, and John could see something was wrong. Sherlock looked, defeated, not excited, not his shy sweet self, but a broken creature. John leaned in inquisitively and scented his neck before crawling off of him immediately, gagging at the acrid, sickening smell.
"Look, arsehole, I'm his Alpha, he's supposed to be here, now let him through," John growled, and Greg intervened before any bodily harm could be inflicted on Anderson.
"Go on and get dressed, young man, and I mean it, Knight Grand Cross if you're not careful" She turned and moved away, the puppies nipping and lapping at Sherlock's naked ankles.
“Quite right. Do you want me to put it in the post for you?” Sherlock nodded and handed daddy his list. John tucked it into his inside pocket.
"No, Martin, I've got loads of work to do, give my apologies to the Dowager," Mycroft sighed, buttoning his tweed jacket and sighing, looking up the stairs. "Sherlock's not getting any dinner tonight," He gave the older man a nod and turned back to his study. Why couldn't Sherlock just, get with the programme? Money was tight- and a successful marriage would procure the assets to keep the estate together, to give Sherlock the lifestyle he deserved. His early presentation should have given them ample time to prepare him, to mold him, but yet- Sherlock acted as if he was the heroine of a Jane Austen novel. Mycroft had gone to extreme lengths to try and fix his troublesome brother- painting lessons, violin, manners. None of it had worked. Sherlock was seemingly unfixable.
"daddy," Sherlock mumbled into his pillow, turning over and reaching out for him. John shook his head and pulled the duvet over him and tucked him in, caressing his hair.
. He gasped at the sweet relief, although fleeting. The maid tucked him into the bed, looking at him with forlorn sadness, which confused him greatly. He must be dying.
"Hush, Louise, here, why don't you refresh my drink," He shoved an empty glass her way and she blushed, rushing off to fill it. Greg scrunched his eyebrows and threw back the rest of his whiskey. He was going to be pissed, and soon, if he didn't watch his liquor. "Now, where is that pretty little brother of yours, I haven't seen him since his presentation. Hope he isn't primping too much on my account." Mycroft burst out a gasping laugh, hitting a fist to his chest to keep from choking.
"Best of luck, it's just that way," She gave him a pitied expression and Sherlock's tummy tightened as he followed her gaze. He swallowed and nodded, tipping his head and walking quickly, shoes crunching the gravel beneath him, approaching the garage nervously.
"You looked ridiculous too," He raised his eyebrows, "Harry it's ten in the morning, why are you drinking?"
"Good. Now, I need to speak with you about something else, so why don't we clean up those knees and have a cuppa,"
The clenching, twisting, scratching pain in his gut was...unexpected and unappreciated. This was good. He was finally good, now,
"You have a keen sense of smell," He whispered, their eyes locked, the empty room echoing with silence.
"I wasn't trying to," He said defeatedly, cheeks flushed in embarrassment. John looked up to the kitchen to see a blacken pan of something on the bench. He strode over and found the oven and hob off, and bit back a chuckle at his husband's vain efforts at homemaking.
"I think you are fine as you are, Sherlock, why live in shame when you have nothing to be ashamed of,"
A thundering growl vibrated through Sherlock as John's knot pressed through him, even more pain rippling through him. John came with a shot, into the condom and bit down on the nape of Sherlock’s neck, freezing him in place as they were intertwined. Sherlock shuddered, his limps atrophied as John hit that paralyzing spot.
"Oh my god, Captain Watson!" Came the shout and footsteps across the decks of the small pleasure vessel. A dark haired Corporal immediately sat beside Sherlock, taking his superior's pulse. "He's right, the bullet's too close to the heart to be allowed to hitch a ride, and we'll have to remove it before we can stitch 'im up- has anybody got a med kit?" There was shuffling and murmurs and soon there was a med kit beside them.
"Mycroft's gone soft on you hasn't he?" She tutted, eyeing him up and down, canines glimmering from beneath her garish red lipstick. "third position, Sherlock, and I really don't suggest you disobey me again." Miss Adler's voice was low and calm, but her pheromones were reeking through Sherlock- weakening his resolve, his mind fuzzy. He dropped down on bruised knees, eyes shut tight, tears burning the back of his throat. It took all his strength and focus to fall onto his hands, pressing his forehead to the floor, knees apart, arse held high in the air. Third position was the forgiveness position- humiliatingly exposed and degrading. Mycroft had never hit him. Sherlock had a feeling Miss Adler would not be so merciful. Irene bit her lip in sympathy, Mycroft had let him run wild, and now he was in for a rude awakening.
"Mm, that's it, darling, you've got the right idea," Daddy gripped his hair and guided Sherlock's lips back and forth, lapping with his tongue at his frenulum. Daddy growled and began to thrust his hips forward, Sherlock's mouth hot and tight and warm suckling at his cock. Sherlock continued, watching daddy's signs of arousal, trying to improve at this, to be good for daddy, when daddy knew so much and had so much more experience.
Looking back, they would laugh at the irony of a holiday in France. It would only be a few months before it all seemed like a dream, but for now, all was beautiful. The ocean was clear and brilliant blue, and Sherlock was entranced. He shivered in his swimming costume, holding his clothes and shoes to his bare chest modestly, digging his toes in the sand as John put down a blanket and set up an umbrella. Sherlock watched longingly as a gaggle of pups splashed around, their mum watching with a smile and a baby on her hip. Soon a tall alpha with a mustache came from the water and swung a pup over his shoulder, the blonde little girl giggling and squealing, the woman scolding them in french. His heart tightened, something inside of him awestruck at the sight of a happy family. Him and Mycroft, they weren't a family. Not like this.
"MINE," John roared as his swollen knot pressed against Sherlock's rim, and the omega nodded feverishly.
They had raised him thus far as a free spirited, albeit shy presumptive alpha, or at the very least a beta. But now, now Sherlock was property. He would never go to school. He would never vote, own property of his own, or have a job without his alpha's consent. He was a pretty little thing to be appreciated, like a statue or a painting, to be admired, but never to be listened to. "I'll see to him, Mycroft, I'll phone the doctors right away,"
." John smiled and Sherlock scampered behind him towards their room. He slipped a large t-shirt over Sherlock's bony frame before he held open his arms. Sherlock crawled into them happily, nuzzling into John's neck content, folding into him, a gangly little spoon, that would normally have been quite awkward, but Sherlock didn't mind. He paused, biting down on his injured lip before immediately stopping, the pain a sharp reminder of his mistakes.
Something horrible and dark and heavy rested in his chest, and Sherlock sputtered as he lifted a shirt to the washing line, fingers trembling around the pins.
It was a waiting game now, and the silence was frightening, teeth on edge, waiting for catastrophe, with the carrier ships looming on the horizon, just out of reach. There was a ship coming into the pier, a smaller hospital vessel, and Sherlock watched silently as a crowd of medics and stretcher carriers made their way through the crowd.
John obliged, wrapping strong arms around him, Sherlock's shiny nose stuffed into his chest, his shoulders shivering and shuddering.
God in heaven, why was Mycroft here? The horrible noises from the closed door made the young man shiver, closing his eyes and trying not to think of what they were doing to his brother. Best not to know, he thought. Trust these
“Americans,” Sherlock said with an eye roll before giving her a hug. He liked them a lot. Sherlock knew about 13 interesting people. And only 2 interesting Americans. Calphurnia was shy, and sweet, and she knew loads about computers. She had been a TA in Sherlock's comp. sci class. Grace was tough and covered in ink, and Sherlock deduced her backstory was a little less prim and proper. Sherlock always liked girls. They made him feel safe.
John only laughed and looked him straight on. His eyes were dark, brooding, and Sherlock shivered. They got to daddy’s Aston Martin and Sherlock’s door was opened and he was buckled before he could say anything else. The drive was tense, John gripping the steering wheel tight, eyes tight on the road. Sherlock ran his hands down his thighs, trying to will his tears away, to stop hyperventilating but he couldn’t. He felt like the dirtiest, whoriest boy in the world. Daddy was so cross, maybe…
"I've got to make a call, study's that way," Victor pointed behind Greg's back and sneered, flashing pearly white canines.
John licked his lips, it was so wrong, he didn't understand why Sherlock was so upset! Sure they'd had a fight, but he was quite sure that wasn't it. This was something new. It made him sick thinking Sherlock was upset with him and he didn't know why.
Ross arrived by chartered ship to New York, and was parked on top of a snazzy Manhattan sky-scraper, where the Wakandan Representative had rented the penthouse, and they were currently setting up for her party. He stood in the hallway, nervously adjusting his cufflinks and fiddling with the wrapped present. He was terrible at parties, and honestly, would rather be filling out paperwork with stale takeout than this. Shuri had crazy powers of persuasion.
"You really didn't have to come, Lestrade." Greg looked up from his something or another, giving Sherlock a furrowed brow. Sherlock still insisted on calling him by his maiden name, as a way to further unacknowledge Mycroft's existence.
"You know damn well what, now get back in the dining room. Now." Perhaps those weren't the right words to use on a randy alpha, and soon Greg had a bloody nose and was down on the ground. He let out a shout and punched Victor in the jaw, rolling over and pining him. There was rustling and soon Mycroft and Violet were there, Louise let out a shocked cry.
"Beautiful then, impossibly more so now," Victor took the bottle of brandy before Sherlock could say anything and poured him another glass.
"Oh! Me too! I was just so damn nervous I didn't go in," She beamed as he turned the knob, revealing two small bunks and a single table between them. Janine grinned and flopped down onto the left one, immediately slipping out of her brown heels and lying down, her stocking-covered toes curling back and forth as she observed the ceiling. Sherlock sat gingerly on the right, looking out of their small window down at the courtyard, swallowing nervously.
"What?" Sherlock's eyes glowed and he adjusted the rough bag on his shoulder, mouth hung open, eyes glimmering with excitement, "really?"
boy, so shut up Beatrice," Sherlock winced and blushed, scratching the back of his neck awkwardly, looking to Janine for help.
. Maybe if they'd been above decks, they could've swam to safety. If she hadn't needed to take care of him and his pathetic omega.
"Mach dir keine Sorgen, kleiner Junge, wir kümmern uns gut um dich, füllen dich auf und schicken dich voller arischer Babys nach Hause," (don't worry, little boy, we'll take good care of you, fill you up nice and good, full of our pure German seed, send you home full of aryan babies) He growled, his breath hot and foul on Sherlock's skin.
"Sherlock, come on, it's Christmas," Janine groaned and Sherlock shook his head, pulling out his wrench and starting work loosening the nuts. "We haven't moved in weeks, why do the tyres need changing right now?"
"Why do people keep saying that? I don't understand!" Martin watched the tiny omega as he huffed, arms crossed tight across his chest as he sat on his bed. Martin himself was an omega, his Alpha had allowed him to continue working in service. His presentation hadn't been so regal at all- just a private affair at the country registrars office. He smiled forlornly, watching his young charge as he gazed out the window. "I just want to go outside and play with Mycroft. I don't want a stupid party." Martin smiled and pat Sherlock's cheek, the young boy's eyes slightly blustery.
"Mm, i know you do sweetheart," John murmured as he trailed kissed and licks across Sherlock's pale expanse of neck and shoulder, tongue swirling across his bond bite, so dark and contrasting against Sherlock's whiteness in the pale moonlights. "You care so much, darling, and I love you for it,"
"Hilfe! bitte, alpha, bitte!" (help! alpha, please!) There was a shrill cry from his right, just into the clearing, and his nose perked up, the smell of an omega nearby, and he sniffed the air intensely, before giving his comrades a confused glare, only to find them gulping down the air as well.
"Your brother's very busy, Sherlock, why would you need to go to into town, didn't you just go on thursday?"
"Alright, I'll send him right over," Mycroft smirked, and Sherlock could hear the dripping of sarcasm and contempt. Sherlock was pathetic, it didn't matter what Mycroft thought anymore. Soon he was alone again, the sounds of partying continuing to thump through the floorboards. His mouth was completely dry, his tongue fat and numb. His omega was begging him to stay in the closet, stay safe, too many smells, too many people. He whimpered and ducked his head once more, eyes brimming with tears. Fuck this! Fuck his bloody stupid instincts and his bloody stupid gender. Whimpering and whining in the hall closet begging for his alpha? What a pathetic load of rubbish he was. Just a toy to be used and thrown away.
The phone went dead and Mycroft was speechless, head limply hanging in the air, phone slipping in his fingertips. Caring was not an advantage, and yet here he was. He pushed a button on his desk and sighed.
"Sherlock..." John stood, reaching and taking the back of Sherlock's nape into his hand, fingers brushing across his skin, goose flesh rising all across his body. Their faces were so close, and Sherlock writhed, turning his chin away, quite trapped. John's eyes were saucers, deep and blue and glowing with concern. "I don't want you to hate me."
"Spoilsport!" John cried as he stood waist deep, and Sherlock's heart raced at the sight of his alpha, glowing in the sun, bristly flaxen hair carpeting the golden skin of his chest. He looked like a greek god, radiant and strong, chiseled jaw and biceps that flexed with a silent strength. John turned and dove into the clear aquamarine, powerful legs propelling him. Sherlock smiled and ran across the beach to the steps of the painted white dock which moaned and creaked in the water, and his bare feet tapped along the planks of wood as he raced out past the rows of motorboats. He passed a few people, but his eyes were fixed on the golden alpha in the water. John saw him and swam to the end of the boat dock. Sherlock grinned and plopped down at the end, feet dipped into the lapping sea, watching as John came to the edge, treading water and smiling up at him, flipping his blonde hair out of his eyes and clearing his nose.
"Nooo Jawn," Sherlock mumbled with a silly grin, finger lightly tracing around the mangled and red scar tissues of his shoulder, "not because of
"I'm not sure," He said honestly, looking up to John, lips quirked into a tiny smile. John smiled quizzically before linking their arms and pulling him away, "You did so good, darling, that was amazing what you did back there," John pressed a kiss to his ear and Sherlock blushed, but his heart still ached in his chest, everything feeling so conflicted.
"Come in, come in both of you, I can make tea, if I can find some...." Esther mumbled, scatter-brained, still trying to soothe the baby. "I've tried to get her to sleep but she just won't sleep, she needs to sleep"
*sigh* is this awful?? I'm in such a slump, I've outlined the next like ten chapters, I promise it all comes together, I promise it makes sense
Sherlock. You belong to me and you will obey me,” John paused, placing a calming hand on Sherlock’s shoulder, feeling the shivers of his beloved beneath him.
“Green, daddy,” Daddy smiled and tapped the inside of his thigh. “Good lad, now turn on your tummy, sweetheart” Daddy turned him over gently, his bound arms flat against his back.
Jawn, I- I need to tell y-you- before I go under- I w-wanted this, even without the- oh god!" Sherlock keened. John's eyes widened and he rubbed Sherlock's back kindly, Sherlock practically glowing at the touch. The car pulled up to the vila and John let out a sigh of relief.
"Ah, hello, I'm John Watson," He set down a case and held out his hand which she took and shook with glee.
"No, just to some people, you're lucky you know," Sherlock keened, the cooling effects of Mycroft's scent and the icecream fading as his heat continued to ravage his tiny body.
Anthea had gone, leaving the pills and sprays behind, along with new clothes. Secret agent rubbish all of it. It all sat in a lump on the kitchen bench beside his microscope, and Sherlock watched it intently from his armchair. He couldn't help but feel just a sliver of offense, that Mycroft was so ashamed, he couldn't even risk his reputation for the national interest.
"Good, well, I- uh, I have some things to work on, I'll be at my desk, if you need me," John said awkwardly, feeling quite gratuitous. Sherlock made a hum in response, and the moment John was in the sitting room, Sherlock turned and climbed the stairs to the extra rooms, a door slamming behind him.
"The nursery," Sherlock said softly, eyes locked on the foggy window as the train began to huff away. John furrowed his brow and squeezed the top of Sherlock's thigh.
"Morstan, Mary Morstan, and no sir, I'm not," She smiled, tucking her clipboard under her arms and turning, blushing furiously.. John shook his head.
“It’s special, daddy,” Sherlock whispered, walking quickly to the tree and fluffing the snow off it’s branches, “it needs me!” John smirked and understood. He rolled his eyes and helped Sherlock, who wrapped around him in an instant, pecking a kiss. He picked up the tree by the trunk pulling Sherlock onto his hip. Screw anyone who looked at them funny.
Sherlock's neck was aching as he looked into his microscope, eyes fuzzy and unfocused. His body was in a state of confusion- torn between the need for oestrus and the absence of his mate, and it was painful. If he was lucky, he might be able to skip this one, and then he'd have another few months. Not that John would be home that soon, anyway. He rubbed at his clenching stomach and sighed, forehead resting on the eyepiece of the microscope. His bondbite was throbbing, and his body was screaming at him to find John.
"Now dear, repeat after me, I, William Sherlock Scott," Sherlock swallowed, his entire body quivering, knees aching, heart racing.
"Good. Over the coffee table, boy," Sherlock looked up, eyes wide and pleading. John glared, "now. I will not ask again." Sherlock quickly, but hesitantly, crawled to the coffee table, kneeling, unsure what to do. John huffed, grabbing one of the D-rings of his collar and dragging him over the top, pushing his shoulders down onto the tabletop. He wrapped a firm hand around each wrist, placing each hand on a corner of the table. Sherlock's arse was perfectly exposed as he bent forward, knees digging into the carpet. His ears and neck were glowing scarlet with blush at the humiliatingly exposed position. He whined as Master slapped the inside of his thighs, forcing him to open his knees even further. John growled dangerously.
Sherlock shook his head, his throat burning and his nose running horribly, tears continuing to flow down his cheeks in rivers. John's heart clenched, his lungs suddenly devoid of air.
"William Sherlock Scott, will you have this man to be your Alpha, to live together after God’s ordinance in the holy estate of matrimony? To love, honour, and obey him, in sickness and in health; and, forsaking all others, obey his order, as the church follows Christ, so bear his seed and be of his house, and to keep only onto him, as long you shall live?"
"Yes you are. I'll be breaking out that red thong you're so fond of AND I want horseradish sauce for my oysters. Make all the faces you want, not budging on that."
There were a good many more gifts under the tree which languished unopened until well after the moon had crested on the new fallen snow. William Sherlock Scott Holmes and John Hamish Watson were otherwise engaged through the long winters night.
"I would and good on her. Thing is, this friend wants to get her something unique and thought we might offer a suggestion."
When Sherlock left at dawn the next morning to avoid John's undoubtably pathetic effort to "unbore" the Christmas Frankenstein there was no sign of the offensive object in the flat. When he returned however the elf was back with a vengeance.
The spooked crowd reacted just in time to see Guy Fawkes succumb to his fate. A chorus of oohs, ahhs and applause filled the air joined by more than one shout of "great sound effects".
The bedroom was now filled with feral animal noises as Sherlock's limp body was brutally ravaged. Afterwards Wesix resumed his previous form and leisurely dressed while an incapacitated Sherlock slept.
Then Martha found herself with an armful of both men and two kisses on her cheeks. "Oh my boys, my dearest boys. We most certainly will, I never doubted it for a moment. After all without the three of here together, England WOULD fall."
"And here we go! Oh woe is me says the big comfy bed with the clean sheets and posh duvet. Care to guess where the filthy ones end up? Right here in me!", the hamper slammed its lid petulantly.
Whatever Sherlock said after that was lost to the loud pyrotechnics and John's reflections. Before he might have been amused or, on a bad day, irritated at Sherlock going on about subjects no "normal" human would possibly know or even want to know but now, tonight, it was the most wondrous thing in the universe. John decided then and there that if this was to be HIS delirium he would gladly "suffer" it for all eternity.
