Maybe the wind does whistle, sometimes.
Tony builds Steve a house and he still has the audacity to wake up every day with the seemingly insatiable desire to give Steve more.
Steve hesitates, and glances nervously at the tin.
“Slander!”
It doesn’t actually take much convincing to get Brock’s word he’ll make a brief appearance on Friday — Steve manages it on the walk from the hot dog stand to the Subway station. Steve very narrowly dodges Brock’s attempt to kiss him as he steps onto the platform, but they do exchange numbers so the promise of something later is still alive. He doesn’t know if Brock’s really a long-term relationship kind of guy, but he could be.. fun to have fun with, if Steve could wrap his head around the idea of starting something like that. He ponders it on the way home, relaying every detail of the afternoon to Sam via text and receiving a series of alarming emojis in response.
, Steve silently wills him.
. He’s kissing Steve. He’s kissing Steve! A thrill darts down his spine at the thought, and then he realizes he really needs to start reciprocating if he wants to
Tony, who was in the middle of his third and a half rant about Steve’s weird, geriatric habits, freezes and raises an eyebrow. Rhodey has this deadpan expression on his face, the one that means Tony’s missing something that should be really obvious to someone who’s supposedly this smart.
(His relationship with May Parker is on the mend, but it’s taken a lot of long phone calls, painfully awkward dinners, and prodding from Steve to get there.)
“You’d like that too much,” Steve reminds, properly settling into Tony’s lap and resting his hands on Tony’s shoulders. Steve is a full body blusher - his cheeks, his neck, and his chest are all colored a perfect, faded pink. It’s satisfying, in a primal sort of way, that the beard and the dark hair make him look so tough and rugged but he can still be
A small silence descends between them. The communication light on Tony’s suit glows a dull blue, but they both ignore it.
“I think his dad messed him up a little,” Ned shrugs, taking a giant bite of his burger. Both MJ and Peter kick him hard under the table and he nearly chokes. After taking several swallows of soda and having Steve thump him on the back a couple times, he says “okay, what, am I wrong?” and gets himself kicked again.
It’s nobody’s fault. The specs of the armor are too easily accessible - HYDRA got ahold of the right frequency to scramble the energy from the arc reactor. They had to hit him dead in the chest three times before getting the whole suit to power down. Tony should pass out - he keeps praying he’ll pass out - but there’s too much adrenaline thudding in his chest. He thinks he shouts for someone, and he only drops for half a minute before Thor gets an arm around his chest.
“God,” Tony says, helpless to the urge to drift closer. “We’re not supposed to be doing this anymore,”
There’s something that feels so distinctly grown up about unlocking the door to a brand new apartment, completely void of the sounds of Sam and Bucky roughhousing, someone watching Deadliest Catch at full volume, and the walls slowly crumbling around them ‘cause of that structural problem they never completely resolved. For the first time in several months, Steve wishes he could call his mom.
Steve kisses him again. Tony gives into it instantly, pulling him impossibly closer, making a little sighing sound as Steve continues to pull at his hair. Steve had a point — a whole follow-up speech — but they both lose track of themselves, sinking into each other and into this sharply sweet feeling of
“The whole time I’ve known you, have I ever asked you to go jogging with me?”
“See — how does that make sense? How do you guys put up with that?”
“You’ve seen me talk to other people, right? Like, you know I’m usually better at this?”
Brunch with Rhodey is a sacred ritual.
He finally falls silent, and Steve is literally unable to speak for several, dragging moments. All he can do is stare at Tony— Tony whose entire body is alight with tension, Tony whose hands are flexing at his sides, Tony who has made heat sweep through his stomach and rage course through his veins all in the span of three minutes.
“I didn’t have a date.”
Steve’s heart feels like it literally stops, and it has nothing to do with his arrhythmia.
Someone takes Tony home. He doesn’t exactly remember who. He tries to put on the suit, to make his way down to the lab so he can go a couple rounds with Reed fucking Richards, but he thinks it’s Natasha who pins his wrists together, shoves him into a car.
“Go,” Steve sighs, tugging at Tony’s neck so he can press a brief kiss to his mouth. “I’ll be here when you get back.”
He doesn’t know what to do, really, except thank his lucky stars Natasha isn’t in attendance tonight. He knows he can’t confront Tony during the gallery opening, but he also knows that he can’t stay in this room watching Tony schmooze everything with a pulse for the next hour and a half.
There are vague sounds of what Tony assumes is Clint awkwardly shuffling backwards.
“I really have to get going,” Steve, chewing his last bit of bagel and swallowing hastily, washing it down with a sip of coffee straight from the pot. He shrugs on the other side of his flannel and tucks the keys to the truck in his pocket, gathering the brown bags up in one hand. “I’m already behind schedule.”
Other times, he just needs to do this.
“What’d you say to Peter?”
It’s Smash Day. A surprisingly less sexual annual tradition than it sounds!
“What are you doing here?” Tony folds his arms over his chest. The ‘you weren’t invited’ feels implied.
“Book a flight to Hawaii.”
Tony smiles a tired, easy smile. “Eight?”
“Can’t we donate it to charity,” Tony says, clutching the Macallan ‘50 to his chest like a safety blanket. “There has to be a booze charity.”
Tony initially resists the temptation to roll his eyes at the self righteous note in Steve’s voice, then thinks ‘what the fuck? Why am I pretending it isn’t obnoxious?’, and rolls his eyes twice for good measure.
“Let’s get a swing for the porch,” Steve says, tugging Tony up against his side, almost in his lap. Tony melts helplessly against him, face half tucked into his shoulder, arm thrown loosely around his waist. His eyes are starting to blink closed, now, but he can see Steve through his lashes, smiling down at Tony with this strange combination of mischief and fondness. Tony dimly registers that Steve’s probably planning to smear muscle gel all over his lower back the second he falls asleep.
“They’re too young,” Tony shoves a very large bite of cake into his mouth, and doesn’t bother swallowing completely before he says, “they’re... squishy.”
Steve snorts again, hooking his hands around the backs of Tony’s thighs and pulling him impossibly closer. “Well, you always did get sentimental around the holidays.”
“The trajectory on the repulsor blast is coming along nicely. Would come along faster if you helped.”
@ the like... three people who are invested in this story... i'd die 4 u
Steve writes it on his hand in Sharpie.
“Not interested in that,” Tony says, but even though his eyes are fully closed he can feel Steve’s gaze on him, pressing against his neck and collar like a tangible weight that Tony can’t help but want to shake off. It’s been a while since someone was this inquisitive. After New York, everyone’s had their own shit to deal with; Pepper’s trying to run a company, Rhodey’s gathering intelligence on whatever it was Tony saw in space, and the Avengers are as scattered as they ever were, a semblance of a team on their best days and a group of near-strangers on their worst.
“I’m starting to think you’re not taking this seriously, Rogers.”
He left the door to his bedroom cracked open and there are blue eyes staring at him from the sliver of space.
Steve stays the whole day. True to his word, he doesn’t actually bother Tony. He sits in the workshop, stationed next to DUM-E, and pulls a beat out paperback out of his pocket. Tony tells himself he doesn’t care what Steve’s reading, but he steals a glance at the cover anyways.
Tony rolls his eyes. “Uh-huh. Barnes in a courtroom wearing a suit and holding a rifle is not permissible representation.”
Tony is pretty vehement that none of the kids actually move into the compound - or, none of the kids except for America, who appears to be a parent-less rolling stone who sleeps wherever she wants. Tony knows this bothers Steve immensely, knows he’s been trying to persuade her to take one of the rooms on the farm property, make it her own, but she’s somehow more stubborn than the both of them combined.
Even as Steve possesses this information, he can’t exactly do anything about it. Tony’s twitter says he’ll be in Malibu for the next week and a half, and Steve has to move his stuff and Sam’s stuff back into the apartment now that the subletters’ leases are up. He also has to review applications for their new fourth roommate, pick up new jobs for the fall, and keep in touch with MJ while she uploads the last of their work into the serves at Arc.
“Been ready.”
The fight spreads - moves into the city like these things usually do, Exterminatrix’s animatronic teeny boppers pouring into the street and screeching discordant electronic music into the air. Tony gets Peter and Riri to work on taking care of their surroundings, evacuating the area, protecting civilians. To his initial surprise, Riri doesn’t push him on it. She wants a little of the glory, yeah, but she cares about people more than she cares about anything else.
likes his life.
“How on earth did you guys guess that?” Steve asks, taking an indignant bite of a french fry.
“Hi,” Steve says back, a soft smile curving the corner of his mouth. “It’s the first day of our honeymoon.”
“What are you doing here, then? If you’re not asking for a second chance?”
Peter abruptly stops pacing and stands at the center of the room, hands pressed over his mouth.
“If you guys don’t shut up we’re not gonna be able to hear anything,” Steve hisses, even though he really, really, really should’ve learned his lesson about eavesdropping by this point.
“You’re getting better,” Steve says, sprawled out across the grass, chest heaving with exertion.
“You found the ring,” Steve guesses, barely even looking up from where he’s spreading aloe vera across the expanse of Tony’s palm.
But that’s all platonic, right? Because they’re not sleeping together. And Tony can say, with 75% certainty, that they will never sleep together again. It’s more confidence than he had in the first prototype of the Iron Man armor, and that turned out all right for him. Kind of.
“Are you seriously silent treat-ing me? Where is this coming from? Have you been taking lessons from Pepper?”
Steve is dimly aware that Tony is still talking, but these days he finds he really only has to listen to about 54% of whatever Tony is saying. He generally
“Yeah, yeah. But we’re spending this weekend in Brooklyn, the food’s better anyways.”
They both fall quiet for another half second, and then they’re coming together in a way that feels a lot more intentional. Tony pushes aside his coffee and his tablet, placing his hands on either side of Steve’s face and kissing him, deep, hard, with just the barest hint of teeth. Steve still has one hand on the juncture of Tony’s neck and shoulder, but the other has moved to his side, holding it in a firm, anchoring grip.
“Natasha didn’t go to work today,” Sam chews on his lip, then tugs the blanket a little tighter around Bucky, “she hasn’t come out of her room in ten hours. Bucky has several theories on how she’s peeing.”
When he gets home from the appointment, Steve is sitting on the floor outside the workshop waiting for him. He sees Tony approach and rises to his feet, sketchbook sliding off his knees and onto the floor next to him. He’s honest to god wringing his hands like some sort of nervous matron and looking at Tony with wide puppy dog eyes. Peed-on-the-carpet Puppy Dog Eyes, specifically.
Steve tilts his head, eyes an infuriatingly innocent blue. “Pretty slow on the uptake for a genius, huh?”
“I am your husband,” Tony repeats, and his voice doesn’t shake this time.
“Here as in my penthouse? My working theory is you picked the lock. And Jarvis didn’t kick you out because I still haven’t removed you from the house roster.”
“Yeah. Cool.”
Tony clears his throat again and crosses over to his junk pile, selecting a misshapen Oil Sump and lifting it with a light grunt. He can feel Steve’s eyes on him as Tony lines it up in front of him, taking a step back and holding his arm out as if to say
to display his work.
“Very irresponsible, Captain,” Tony purrs, right up by his ear, and Steve gently slaps his ass in reprimand.
“Anyways, a lotta my friends still work for SI, so I actually got invited to that party you’re talkin’ about,” Brock shrugs and rubs his chapped lips together pensively. “Dunno if I’m gonna go, though.”
“What is it?”
Tony fishes his phone out of the back pocket of his jeans, heart sinking as the text on his screen confirms what he'd already suspected: his flight has been delayed. Indefinitely.
They stand like that for a long time, arms around each other in the entry of the workshop, the faint smell of fire extinguisher fluid hanging in the air. Eventually, Steve wraps an arm around Tony’s back, slides another into the crook of his knees, and picks him up, bridal style. Tony just hangs on, resting his head against Steve’s chest, still furious but absolutely unwilling to let go, for his own sanity’s sake.
One second he’s standing on the stoop and the next he’s launched himself at Tony— wrapped his arms around Tony’s shoulders, wrapped his legs around Tony’s waist. Tony must see it coming because he’s already smiling when their mouths come together. His lips are warm and chapped, and Steve’s brain goes offline the second Tony’s hands move down his back, gliding down his body to settle beneath his legs. Steve faintly thinks that he can’t even feel the cold right now, he can’t even remember being anything but warm.
Steve’s kisses him and the resulting flood of warmth makes the thought burrow deep into his skin.
“So I asked you about pork rinds.”
“I know,” Steve says quietly, and Tony squeezes his ass in comfort, because he’s a romantic like that.
Tony gets an interior designer to set up everything except the walls, which he leaves blank so Steve can paint murals in the hallways. He sketches out a cartoonish shawarma wrap in the kitchen, a more realistic flock of birds mid-flight up the staircase, and a glowing, mechanical heart in the bedroom.
Steve squints, then tilts his head skeptically. “Why do you have so many Christmas ornaments down your pants?”
“I—... what?”
Steve doesn’t even seem to register the answer as he crosses out of the kitchen in four long strides. He pauses at the table where Tony is seated, but Tony is distractedly scanning the day’s headlines on his tablet, wondering if he’s got a video conference with Happy this afternoon or tomorrow? He ought to start using his calendar, he can never keep these things straight nowadays.
“You see anyone you might be interested in?” Steve asks Sam, eyebrow lifting in curiosity.
“I know. I’m sorry.”
“Don’t think it’s just for the weekend,” Sam says softly, shoulder dropping in a resigned shrug. “Nat got this cryptic text from Rhodes. He didn’t say when they were coming back.”
“Can you come here?”
Ned, who works on web design, says that Tony custom-made him the missing piece to his lego death star when he lost one last year, so that basically makes him eligible for sainthood. Steve internally concedes that that’s… kind of adorable.
“No stripper cakes.”
Tony takes in the sight before him and sighs— a deep, long sigh, one that reflects the severity of the situation but simultaneously recognizes that he probably brought this on himself.
Of course, he’d initially thought it was in a professional, patriotic, do-gooding kind of context, the sexy stuff came much, much later, but still. The sentiment still held. Tony believed in lifelong commitment again, even if it didn’t bear the same branding certain traditionalists would say it should.
The slam of it closing nearly makes Steve jump out of his skin, and he leans against the wall for support, finding his knees a little weak at present. He presses his cool fingers to his forehead and cheeks, but heat has settled deep within his skin and refuses to dissipate.
Tony’s smile softens and he reaches forward to swipe away a little Garlic sauce at the corner of Steve’s mouth. He licks it off his thumb, leans back in his chair, and shrugs. “Guess you’ll have to stick around and find out.”
“I was mad—“
“I don’t know what they want from me. I was bad at this! The saving the world crap. I
“I know you,” he says. In any other context, it would be a cheap remark paired with a sleazy wink, a transparent attempt to get into yet another pretty blonde’s pants.
“Happy Valentine’s Day.”
“Steve Rogers, the great communicator.”
“We’re not getting bees,” Tony says incredulously, trying to put on his best approximation of a ‘This Conversation Is Over’ voice, “Steve go back to knitting, Riri go back to trying to give me an anxiety attack.”
, she said. Must’ve been someone important.
His bed was warm and soft and still smelt a little like Steve. The rest of the world was the exact opposite in every single way.
“—will you make me hike?” Tony interjects, raising an eyebrow.
Tony means to say “no”. Tony means to say “leave”. Tony actually says—
“Okay,” Tony says, and there’s a slight shuffling noise. “Okay, I’m going to do it. —Thanks, Pep. Sorry. I love you.”
“You’re not the only one,” Tony replies bluntly, then kisses the bewilderment off Steve’s mouth, and the rest of the would-be back-and-forth is lost in the sighs and shifting space between them. It’s been so long since they’ve done this - Tony hasn’t been with anyone since Pepper, and he doesn’t suspect Steve’s gotten any in the past year either. He feels a sudden spike of worry at his salt and pepper hair, at the new wrinkles creased along his body, the ones Steve will have never seen before. He pulls back, for a minute, breath coming out in broken pants at Steve keeps touching him, hands slipping under the hem of his shirt. “I look different—“ he says flatly, fingers curling softly around the back of Steve’s neck, “I’m different— I mean, I’m older, so it’s a little—“
“Close?” he asks Steve, drawing back to take in his flushed features.
When Riri finally speaks again, something in her voice makes Tony turn his head to look at her.
Tony grins, kisses him again, and reluctantly pulls back, dragging his hand along Steve’s hip.
When Steve first suggested the whole ‘don’t see each other on the day of the wedding’ crap, Tony had been majorly skeptical.
“Okay,” Tony looks down like he’s steeling himself, readjusting his grip on the bouquet of paper flowers clasped in his hand. Steve barely resists the urge to start tapping his toe against the floor impatiently. “Steve — I… I was wondering, if maybe you’d want to have… dinner. Not at the diner. And not directly after work. Like, we’d both leave work, and then meet up a couple hours later. After showering. And getting.. changed. I mean, I guess you don’t actually have to change, whatever you do between the end of work and 8pm is none of my business, but—“
Steve feels a pang of sympathy for Brock, and also maybe a little of what Bucky calls his “Righteous Anger For The Dispossessed”. Tony had fucked Brock over pretty severely for what seemed like petty interpersonal drama. It was absurd and entitled — two things he now strongly associated with the Stark name.
He looks good. It makes Tony want to slam the door shut again.
Steve is so happy for them that he forgets to refresh his email for the next two and a half hours.
And that’s how Tony ends up in the outdoors for the morning, laying on his back in the dirt and looking over schematics while Steve digs careful holes in the ground next to him. He watches Steve more than he cares to admit, sipping at iced coffee and sparing glances at him over the tops of his sunglasses. There’s something so right about Steve on a farm - doing gentle, careful work with his hands, humming under his breath, wiping sweat from his brow as his skin turns golden under the sun. The sight is…. admittedly kind of sweet, especially when one of Tony’s blueprints goes drifting away on a particularly strong breeze and Steve chases after it with all his supersoldier-endowed strength.
He’s quiet for a moment, looking away from Riri and towards the scene in front of him. Steve kicks America’s legs out from under her and the second America gets back on her feet, she throws him into the side of the house. Tony watches and contemplates, fingers drumming incoherent patterns against the side of his thigh.
He starts to anticipate Natasha’s moves, actually dodging her hits, managing to make a few of his own. He’s nowhere close to beating her, of course, but he sees things with a kind of renewed clarity that’s been out of reach these days, lost to a cloud of bad decisions and goose feathers.
“Yes you did. That’s your date suit.”
And Tony believed him.
“Missed you,” he says quietly, eyelids weighed down by exhaustion and pain meds. “Love you.”
the wry tilt of his mouth, but the way his own pulse quickens in response feels achingly familiar.
And Steve snorts. Loudly and rudely.
“Mr. Stark,” the guy starts — his name tag reads ‘Officer Pedesco’, and he has a thick Brooklyn accent that makes ‘Mr.’ sound like ‘Mistah’. “We woulda let everyone they’re holdin’ with him go, but the detainment request came from the mayor and nobody could get in touch with that office to override the mandate. And we tried real hard to let
Tony grins and kisses Steve again, biting his lip playfully. “Come on. Takes a lot more than that to lay me out.”
He ignores the confusion that settles onto Natasha and Rhodes’ expressions, instead luxuriating in the light embarrassment and surprise that manifests on Tony’s features. His eyes widen and his smirk drops off completely.
Over the next couple months, he falls in step with Steve and watches their lives slot together in ways that should be impossible.
This is a bad idea. Letting Steve in, right now, for the second day in a row, is a really bad idea.
“You want to leave.”
It becomes a thing. Or, Tony purposefully makes it a thing, because different people have different strategies for adjusting to the reality of a newfound lifetime commitment. Two weeks down, forever to go.
“Maybe I’d ask you to go for a walk, or to watch a movie with me, but jogging? Jesus, Tony, I’m not trying to kill you.”
“I promise,” Tony says gently, absently running the back of his hand along the sharp cut of Steve’s jaw.
“I do,” Steve concedes, leaning back in the booth and staring meaningfully at Tony. “I recently figured out that’s a better strategy than assuming things.”
Rhodey and Pepper laugh at that, and Riri seems so pleased that she keeps complaining to a bare minimum as Tony loads her and his traitorous friends into Rhodey’s rental Prius.
“Wrong!” Tony argues, “I’ve taken the Subway.” And it was true, he had. Six times exactly, three of them while on not-dates with Steve.
“Well,” Tony corrects, frowning slightly. “I’m building us a house, I guess, but I already built myself a house and I figure no one’s ever built you a house before, so I’m thinking it’ll be mostly things you like. I’m really generous like that. Anyways, what do you think?”
Tony raises an eyebrow but Steve’s not looking at him, innocently ducking into the car and exchanging pleasantries with Happy. Tony thinks there’s probably something to unpack about that later — the tight anger in Steve’s voice, the way his eyes are flashing, these are all signs that this is not something he’s going to let go anytime soon. Tony wants to help, if he can. Steve's been gradually teaching him more nuanced ways of community engagement than just writing enormous checks. To be fair, a lot of it is still just that, but connecting with people on the ground, inviting organizers to parties and checking in on their progress, that’s all important, too.
“Yeah, um-- what the name of the spicy brown chicken Nat ordered last time? The one with the chilis, and you ate one and almost died?”
“Well, now you know.”
Time goes syrupy-slow after that, and Tony fills it by making out with Steve on the couch like they’re horny teenagers.
Now, watching Steve come closer with this dopey, ridiculously lovestruck expression, he’s even more certain this was the right choice. The way they must be looking at each other right now — god. Everyone probably thinks they’re that couple. (Which they totally are. And Tony’s kind of smug about it.)
Steve’s about to tug Sam into the light because eavesdropping is wrong, but a snatch of the conversation gives him pause.
It feels nice. It takes Tony’s breath away, just a little.
Maybe it’s the way he stares at his hands like it's easier than talking to someone. Maybe it’s the way he bumps into people and blushes like he’s not quite aware of how big he is. Maybe it’s the way he smiles and it doesn’t reach his eyes— and Tony knows it’s wrong. Something’s wrong.
“Hey, Pete,” Steve says mildly, crossing through the living room and studiously staying out of Peter’s warpath. “Hey, you,” Steve comes up alongside the armchair and leans down to kiss Tony in greeting, but Tony only tolerates it for a second and a half before returning to his ice cream. Go figure. “Thought we said no eating outside the kitchen.”
He quickly determines that she has Peter and Riri somehow incapacitated, or unable to use their suits. Tony can gather data from their respective AIs - Karen and Monty - but the most recent logs indicate that neither of them are even attempting to communicate with Tony, nevermind orchestrate an escape.
Anyways, she goes through the whole thing: dearly beloved we are gathered here today, never thought this would happen, share in their love, and so on and so forth. Tony’s attention span has shrunk to approximately five seconds, so throughout the duration of her speech he ponders the following twelve things:
“Maybe. If you ask for it, like a normal person.”
The audio makes a funny squiggling sound, then abruptly cuts forward.
He looks soft and tired and Tony can almost feel a specter of their younger selves haunting the booth, talking about midterms and girls and how totally over jargon-y academic writing they were, pretentious as hell even if they’d never admit it now. It’s maybe a romanticization of an actually considerably rocky period in Tony’s life, but he doesn’t really care. If there’s one thing in his life worth romanticizing, it’s Rhodey.
“I make time,” he shrugs, picking at a little piece of fallen lettuce, “the weapons, that’s — that’s Obie’s thing, I think. I can do it and I’m good at it because I’m good at everything, but I don’t really… like it.”
“Maybe I should start making good on my supposed debt,” Steve says, voice low and teeming with meaning.
Steve eventually runs out of things to say, but by this point Tony’s breathing has evened out and he’s no longer carrying a decade’s worth of tension tight in his shoulders. Steve reaches for his hand slowly, like he’s giving Tony ample opportunity to shift away, but Tony just curls his fingers around Steve’s in resigned acceptance.
“It’s fun, mostly. Makes it easier to melt down the scraps if I need to.”
A string of unsuccessful one-off appointments followed until he’d mentally, emotionally, or professionally scarred the top fifteen psychiatrists in the tri-state area. He then moved on to a brief reign of terror in Malibu, where Pepper conned him into attending exactly one appointment set up by SHIELD Medical, which ended in the recommendation that he never, ever be put on permanent payroll.
After America there’s Kate, who apparently spent a little time on Clint’s farm before making her way to Tony’s. She’s very purple and very perky, and it should be a nice change of pace from America’s constant disapproval of him, but there’s a hell-raising look in her eye that reminds Tony of one too many of his craziest ex-girlfriends. Plus, she and America get closer and friendlier every day, and that team up is definitely going to end with something (or someone) on fire.
“I love you, too,” Tony says back.
Also, Tony wants to see if he remembers how to twirl and shimmy to the tune of Star Spangled Man.
“She does. I hope it goes somewhere. Rhodes looks happy, too.”
Steve shrugs casually, the rise and fall of his absurdly broad shoulders feeling more like a conviction than an innocuous gesture.
“Hey. Steve, come here.”
“Stark Industries. The payment came from Stark Industries. Pepper Potts. James Rhodes. Peter Parker.”
Tony swallows around a bone-dry throat. “Yeah. Yeah, I did.”
Steve opens his mouth to deal some scathing retort, but he finds himself stuttering, because — well, he could understand, maybe, how it might come off that way to someone who didn’t really know Natasha. She played things startlingly close to the vest, and even though it didn’t change the fact that Tony shouldn’t have meddled, that… it could’ve been a stupid miscommunication.
Tony grins, shakes his head, and kisses Steve again.
Sam apparently received at least one of Steve’s forty-three messages, because he’s already in the room, lying in Bucky’s bed. Bucky’s face is tucked into his shoulder and his hands are curled into Sam’s sweater. He appears to be dozing peacefully, though Sam’s eyes are puffy like he’s been crying.
They get into a screaming match in a Stark Industries conference room with glass walls. It’s so bad and so painfully public that Tony has to make everyone on the floor sign an NDA, because if it gets to TMZ it’s going to affect stock prices in a unilaterally terrible way, and that’s the last fucking thing he needs right now.
The first of these momentous events occurred during the third week of their first year at MIT, when Tony had passed out outside Rhodey’s dorm in a tutu and a jersey, slept on his mat the whole night, and somehow coerced a hangover breakfast out of him the next morning. They had gone to Pat’s, a dingy little diner fifteen minutes outside of campus, and it sort of became their spot. Whenever one of them was stressed or fucked up or just sorely in need of the other’s company, they’d make time to go gorge themselves on whipped cream and crappy burnt coffee.
At first glance it isn’t much: a job at a trendy Red Hook bakery, a side hustle doing art commissions, three best friends he loves so fiercely it scares him sometimes, and the broom-closet of an apartment they all share in Brooklyn. Money is tight and Bucky is always letting his terrifying dates drink all their orange juice, but there are days he thinks he wouldn’t trade it for anything in the world.
“And he responds well to that?” Steve asks, appraising the photo with a small smile. Margaery hands him another one where Tony’s hair is all stuck up like he’s been electrocuted. “The teasing?”
“I’ll tell Pepper to write up a press release in the morning.”
Steve smiles fondly and kisses Tony’s temple again.
“Me neither,” Tony admits, because why the hell not. Somehow, Steve has conned his way into knowing nearly every mortifying thing about Tony, why shouldn't he know this, too? It's not like Tony has anything to lose, at this point. “I’ll be awake for hours, if I get to sleep at all.”
Tony hates the feeling of fondness creeping into his chest and elects to look abruptly away, shaking his head in (completely fake) disapproval.
Tony, unfortunately, has dulled arousal curling in the pit of his stomach, but he also feels the ache in his lower back stretch and smooth over, replaced by a more pleasant kind of soreness.
And then the person on the other end of the line starts talking, and the joy drops from Steve’s face entirely.
— And the wind
“What happened?” he asks, shaking his head. “I thought things were getting better.”
“Is there anything I can do?”
Once Steve starts making those ungodly pig noises, Tony grins and turns his attention back at his tablet. He thinks about Steve’s eyes, and buys several arrangements of forget-me-nots.
“You had a date,” Steve says suddenly. He’s looking at Tony now, eyes still squinted, features contorted into a wince. There’s something so sad in the tilt of his brow, the way he takes in Tony’s appearance with a slow, dragging gaze then quickly averts his eyes, like he’s remembered he’s no longer allowed to look.
Tony’s been on the edge of these little episodes so many times that he should really see them coming from a mile away, but he’s always deluding himself into believing he has it under control.
“No,” he says and slams the door shut, pressing his back against it. He’s certain he will regret this initial reaction in a few moments, but he needs a beat to catch his breath. Who gave Steve this address? How did he even get out here? Did he ride the motorcycle four whole hours outside the city?
(Coulson’s voice drones on in the background. At this point, whenever he opens his mouth all Tony hears is the teacher from Charlie Brown.)
“Sounds good. Do we know if Thor’s coming?”
“I don’t think we should do trust falls,” Tony says, bouncing up and down on an exercise ball. “I feel like I’m at a disadvantage.”
“Well,” Tony says faintly.
They chat for a little longer in the darkness of the staircase, settling into the kind of easy, comfortable back-and-forth that characterizes their friendship. Steve doesn’t realize they’ve been gone for a half hour until he glances down at his phone screen, which proudly displays 13 missed texts from Bucky.
Though Steve doesn’t actually tell the kids that he had a considerably less charitable experience with Tony, he thinks they probably guess it from his expression and tight tone of voice. None of them seem to hold it against him, and MJ even says Tony can come off like a grade-A asshole if you never get the opportunity to really know him.
“We can’t go home at 10 PM on New Year’s.”
His first indication that something might be off is that there’s only one car in the parking lot, and it’s.. not a practical car. It’s a cherry red convertible with, like, six McDonald’s wrappers strewn across the front seat and a tiny printed out photo of Freddie Mercury taped to the windshield. So that’s… weird. But Steve’s key card works on the door, and Peter’s instructions for how to navigate the inside of the building work out, so he keeps pressing forward.
“Was that supposed to be revenge?” Steve asks, reaching up to rub the now slightly sore spot on his scalp. “For the smoothie?”
“Do you… need a ride back to the office?”
He’d spent the whole day on the floor of his dad’s study outfitted in cargo shorts and a t-shirt, reading various books on quantum theory while he waited for Howard to finish up on the phone. He read JJ Thompson, George Gamow, and Louisa Gilder. He moved on to astrophysics just at the clock hit seven, and Howard moved into the kitchen to have a very loud, very emotional dispute with Maria. Tony had stayed frozen under Howard’s desk with his legs pulled up to his chest and a flashlight propped on his shoulder, trying his best to focus on the words of Dr. Beth Brown rather than the muffled sounds of his mother crying. Needless to say Tony never made it to the beach that day, but the memory continues to supplement his likely unresolvable abandonment issues, so no one can say Howard never gave him anything. Tony would never admit it, but every time he thinks about it it still stings a little. It’s undoubtedly one of his worst memories.
“—unless you aren’t actually the paragon of good behavior we all want to believe you are.”
“Sorry. Didn’t realize it was such an honor.”
Some part of Steve knew this was coming from the second he stepped into the apartment, but it still makes his breath catch in his throat. Even after he’s spent half a decade memorizing everything about Tony Stark, he still has the ability to pull the rug out from under Steve, to completely sweep him off his feet.
Steve takes a breath. “If you don’t like it, you can say no.”
His chest clenches around emptiness as they drive away, and he stares at the engagement ring in his hand wondering how his life got like this - got to the point where the kind of love and stability Pepper needed was no longer something he felt capable of giving. He’d worked his ass off just to crest that hill the first time, and a motherfucking titan and all the cosmic forces of the universe had to conspire to take it away from him. He supposes this is what it feels like, when new wounds start to heal - itchy and uncomfortable, a distant ache for normalcy that could still be months or years away.
Tony’s initial reaction — to the surprise of exactly zero of the thirteen therapists he’d scared off in the last decade — is to panic.
Tony thinks, but Steve doesn’t, just stares for a few dragging seconds and purses his lips.
“Have what?”
What a man.
Instead it’s…?
None of this bodes well.
“We need a dart board for Clint,” Tony sighs, falling back onto a beanbag chair and throwing an arm over his face.
Steve’s happy for his friends, of course, but he’s also starting to feel — starting to feel a little anxious, about his own life and choices, especially considering commissions have trickled to an all-time low despite his best efforts at advertisement. He’s knee deep in his third existential crisis of the month when he gets an email so promising that he’s initially convinced it’s spam.
“What?” Tony asks.
“Because you were feeling feverish?”
“All visiting friends! You need companionship. Steady companionship. I know how you get when you don’t have it.”
“This is so dumb,” Tony frowns.
He doesn’t wait for Tony to finish.
Steve’s mind goes quickly and carefully blank.
“Well, what do you think, Steve?” Sunset turns her attention on him and there’s something mean in her smile, something that makes Steve wish Natasha was down here instead of these three strangers who have more money currently in their pockets than he’ll have in the next six months.
“Love,” Steve says, and when he meets Tony’s eyes he has that same curious tilt to his expression. “Did you mean to do that, or are you talking too fast for your brain to catch up?”
It’s the first time he’s shown up to therapy without someone threatening to cut him off in the background. On time, no less - he can’t tell if the secretary’s more alarmed by this, or the fact he turns up in the lobby with half his shirt unbuttoned.
“Sorry,” Steve says, shaking his head as if that’ll disperse the image of Tony in well-fitted three piece suit. “One of those guys is dating my friend. He’s hosting a party, this Friday, that’s why I’m busy.”
I want you to be better than okay, Tony thinks but doesn’t say.
That should’ve been the end of it, but after signing the papers Tony only made it one silent, lonely month before turning up at Steve’s new apartment in Brooklyn, drunk and pleading. Steve, like the sappy asshole he is, gathered him up in a hug, held him close for hours, and kissed him after Tony had sobered up enough to consent.
“She says she doesn’t belong to this earth, she can’t have a home here,” Steve rubs a hand over his face, expelling a long-suffering sigh, “she has a ‘responsibility to the multiverse’.”
“Okay,” Steve says back.
has this bizarre notion hat if he does that, he’ll start crying, and if he’s crying it’s going to be very hard to see the screens through his tears.
“Isn’t this kind of a letdown?” Steve asks, taking a long pull of water in an attempt to appear casual. “You know, spending New Year's Eve like this when we’ve been so... social in the past.”
Steve comes inside and sits on the bed next to Tony, like this is normal, like they’ve been friends their whole lives.
“We’re running out every cliche in the book, apparently,” Tony muses, resting his elbows on the bar and watching Steve sniff some of Thor’s homemade liquor with a faintly disgusted expression.
They fix their appearances a little and head back into the main reception hall to rehash the story to Bucky and Natasha. Steve tells it with a touch of that wry, self-deprecating wit he knows they’ll both appreciate. Bucky offers to punch Tony out and Natasha stays suspiciously silent, taking small, measured sips of her champagne.
Tony makes a vague ‘hmm?’ noise, which just means he’s being evasive.
“You’re not making pancakes?” Tony asks, propping his elbows on the kitchen table and staring blankly at Steve
Tony’s pants fall down to his ankles.
“Jesus Christ,” Steve mutters, rifling through Tony’s cabinets with his nose wrinkled in disapproval, “all you have is Red Bull and coffee. I’m pretty sure you’re supposed to refrigerate Red Bull. Where is all the jasmine green tea I bought you?”
. “I keep proposing and you keep saying no!”
The first time is in the post-battle adrenaline haze that follows a really long, really good fight. Tony takes off the helmet, looks at the debris around him, and shares a smile with his disgusting boyfriend, who is currently covered in dirt and has blood crusting over his cheek. “Baby,” Tony says, still kind of out of breath, “let’s get married.”
“Steve, can you just— come here. Please. Right now.”
Looking up at Tony is a Herculean effort, but Steve manages it anyway. He’s standing in the doorway of the study in his pajamas, glasses slipping down his nose, a kind of gentleness in his voice and eyes that belies his teasing words.
Mrs. Barnes and Becca turn up closer to the evening, armed with Kugel and Babka. Steve steps out for a moment and gives them a little privacy, but not before getting his cheeks squeezed by Mrs. Barnes and his ass slapped by Becca. They try to force-feed him, but he gracefully fends them off upon seeing Bucky’s intense evil eye. He’s still fasting, and Steve knows he’s got a thing about not getting first crack at his mom’s food.
Tony thinks for a second. “Remember that one week you did yoga with Natasha?”
“Love you, too.”
At one point, Steve considered abiding by the instructions of his better angels, putting his earphones in, and sparing Tony a fraction of the humiliation. And then he pondered the last time he had stealthily eavesdropped on one of Tony’s conversations, and quickly decided that this was the universe granting him some kind of karmic retribution.
“I had a bag of spicy Cheetos for lunch.”
Tony knows what’s coming even before she starts sliding off her engagement ring, lips flattened into a thin, practical line.
“Tony.”
“You don’t have to,” Steve reassures again, “but if you want to try, then I’ll be here. Do the whole hand you tissues, feed you ice cream bit.”
“Why aren’t you building suits anymore?” she asks, apropos of nothing. It isn’t even really the toughest question she’s hit him with tonight - she’d stared him right in the face after insinuating his fiancé left him for his best friend.
Best Smash Day ever.
“You have a laparoscopic surgery in three hours. You’re not supposed to eat anything.”
The ensemble is simple, but classic. Santa pants that sling tantalizingly low on Steve’s hips, a red coat left open with no shirt, and a Santa hat with Steve’s name carefully stitched along the fluffy white brim.
“Is he a serial killer?” Steve starts, only half-joking, “did he try to kill you and you killed him first? Do you need help burying the body?”
“Hmm,” Tony muses into the rim of his coffee mug. He takes one long, purposefully slow sip, eyeing his husband curiously. “Kinda looks like you already have an idea.”
And Steve just stood there and took it, arms crossed over his chest, this supremely unimpressed look on his face. Tony was still yelling from the back of the ambulance, but he was also noting the way Steve’s t-shirt stretched over his biceps, how strangely sexy he looked with ash dabbed onto the apples of his cheeks.
“You’re something else, Steve Rogers,” Tony murmurs, gently massaging Steve’s hip.
“You trust me?” he asks, head tilted to the side.
Steve starts sleeping in Tony’s bedroom sometimes, and it’s not as big a deal as everyone makes it out to be.
It’s not that he does a lot of teaching, really, but he gives a helpful guiding hint every now and then, usually at her prompting.
“Right! Also, I’m kind of thinking maybe you could… be happy with me.” Tony shifts in place, his shoelace belt giving a little and sliding down his hips. “Like maybe we got the timing wrong, before. But it’s time to try again. Because I miss you. I can’t keep— spending every day thinking about you. Counting down the moments until I get to visit again.”
“I just missed the sound of your voice. I’d been in and out of meetings all day, I was exhausted. And the only person I wanted to talk to you was you, except we haven’t been so good at talking, lately.”
,” Rhodey says, looking up from the stream of Vodka with angry brown eyes. Tony hates it when Rhodey’s disappointed with him; it makes guilt scratch at his throat and his gut twist up in untangleable knots.
see myself with."
“It’s no problem, Wilson,” Tony smiles, handing the first aid kid to Steve so he can mess around with the stitches. “I’m really just trying to uphold a legacy, here, see, when I was twelve there was this pigeon with a broken wing and a wonky eye the front stoop of the apartment building and I, very graciously I might add, —“
And then, Natasha — well. Steve wants to say she giggles, but Natasha Romanoff does not giggle. Not unless she’s trying to trick some guy into paying for all their drinks or she sees a really, really, really cute kitten. Like, lethal levels of cute. The kind of cute that’d probably make Sam cry a little, and also make Bucky pretend like he wasn’t crying.
Tony, who is sitting on a rock and trying hard not to stare at Steve’s profile, shakes his head in disbelief. “How do you do that? You just know what people need. For me, for the team, for everyone.”
At first, Tony’s eyes pass over him like they pass over everyone else— critical and to-the-point. He’s a built blonde with a sweater that doesn’t fit right and an expression that means he’s either depressed or too smart to like the people here. Either one forebodes the kind of complicated that Tony’s avoiding tonight, soooo
There is an agonizing moment of silence.
Steve heaves a resigned sigh, but there’s laughter in his eyes, and he rubs sweetly at the base of Tony’s spine. “You real set on that order, Mr. Stark?”
“It’s ruggedly handsome, I guess. But it’s not the lady-catching look you should be going for.”
They only exchange idle, meaningless conversation for a sliver of a moment more before drifting off to their respective sleeps. Tony likes to think Steve's dreamscape involves mandatory pancake breakfasts, widespread democratic socialism, and at least double the amount of golden retrievers currently scurrying around the face of the planet.
The first time Steve knocks on Natasha’s door, he gets no response. He waits another thirty seconds then knocks again, says ‘it’s me’, and endures another brief spell of silence.
Tony wrinkles his nose. “Like naturopathy? You actually think that shit works?”
“You did kick ass in this fight,” Peter says, and his girlfriend says ‘suck up’. He goes back to looking at her fondly.
Virginia Potts
Tony realizes that - discounting the brief hand on his shoulder several nights ago - this is the first time Steve has initiated prolonged physical contact since... Tony doesn’t know, since before Siberia.
Well. Steve is reading the paper. Tony is pretending to read the news on his tablet, but he’s actually alternating between sipping his coffee in a loud, somewhat passive-aggressive manner and giving his boyfriend a series of increasingly sullen looks that he doesn’t appear to notice.
“Because when I proposed to you for the first time, you snorted at me and didn’t even realize it was happening, so this is a no judgment zone.”
“You closed your eyes!”
“People who don’t love each other don’t fight like that,” Riri says, glaring at him. She gives up after a couple seconds, turning back to her work with a small shrug. “That’s what my mom says, at least. I don’t really know anything about love.”
Tony gives him a funny look. “Is that really what you think? That this is somehow disappointing, for me?”
“What about me?”
Steve takes them to the bedroom, settles onto the edge of the mattress. Tony shifts until he’s resting between Steve’s legs, Steve’s front pressed up against the line of his back, Steve’s beard tickling the nape of his neck. They hold hands. Tony rubs his thumb meaningfully along the wedding band wrapped around Steve’s ring finger.
“That’s not the same thing.”
“No, Tony, there are literally several Christmas ornaments down your—“
(See the end of the chapter for
3. Assigned to work on a “collaborative project”, which involves putting together weird Swedish furniture for the new conference room.
Tony chews on his lip. “Well, yeah. You’re making me think you hate it. Do you hate it? Did you secretly want to live in Kansas, or something?”
Tony thinks for half a second. “—Quinceañeras.”
“Not too long.”
The longer Steve talks, the more caught up Tony is by the story instead of his own thoughts. It’s not the image of Steve in makeup and a skirt that distracts him, really, though that’s compelling enough that he’ll be considering it further at a later date. It’s more the thought of Steve in a dressing room surrounded by a group of pretty, perfumed, whip-smart women that he clearly had no idea how to talk to, laughing, blushing, and just generally making a fool out of himself because he knew it’d make them laugh.
He had his first when he was 13 years old, and by the sixth session Tony had gotten poor Dr. Foster to cry. That man spent countless hours listening to the depraved fantasies of New York’s upper crust for the better part of the century, and Pre-Pubescent Tony, a protege in every sense of the word, had successfully driven him to retirement.
He isn’t some kind of mentor. He makes sure he knows that, makes sure she’s certain he’s temporary. And he refuses to help her with her armor. He can’t keep enabling the presence of children in wars that grown men started.
He glances at Tony through thick blonde lashes, mouth tipping into a crooked smile. “Why on earth were you cooking?”
Pepper heaves a slightly staticky sigh on the other end of the line, and Tony can vividly picture her left eye twitching. “Why did you cancel the appointment I made for you? On the seventh.”
Maybe Steve knows him back, too.
“Not just weapons,” Steve sighs, clicking on yet another article about Tony’s “incredible advances in renewable energy”. Most of it seems like mindless PR, but there are a couple of serious environmentalists who’ve aggressively endorsed his work and encouraged an expansion of SI’s charity divisions. “He’s on the R&D team for Arc, too.”
“Yeah, but this isn’t talking therapy. You really think I’d work for you for years and try to send you to
Steve turns around, gently emptying the grilled cheese onto the plate in front of Tony. “Landlord doesn’t allow real Christmas trees in the building. She hates the sap. Couldn’t really bring myself to get a fake one.”
“You really mean it?” he asks, and he looks so hopeful (and still kind of angry, but Tony privately thinks his angry face is really cute) that Tony goes soft.
Steve, Sam, and Bucky are currently wedged between the tiny hallway crawlspace between the apartment entryway and the rest of their bedrooms. Steve is pretty tiny, so he doesn’t have to contort too much to fit and fit comfortably. Bucky and Sam, on the other hand…
Steve raises an eyebrow.
“Right, yeah, okay,” Tony adjusts his grip around Steve’s legs and looks at him with soft, entreating eyes. “I don’t want you to do this because you think you owe me something. It’s actually probably my fault that Brock got so obsessed with you. He knew I was into you and he wanted to get back at me and you were too smart for it, so he did all that fucked up shit to Bucky. If you think about it I’m really just making good on a loose end I left hanging, like, three years ago, and I don’t want you to think—“
“I know.”
Steve opens one eye to look at the mess, then opens his other eye and starts to smile. When he looks up at Tony’s shocked expression, he exhales a throaty laugh, whole faze seizing in joy. He lets out another peal of laughter, pressing a hand over his mouth like he’s surprised he could make the sound. His eyes are creased at the corners, practically shining behind long, sweeping lashes.
listening to all of it, but today there are more pressing matters, matters which begin with brusquely making his way across the room, taking hold of his husband’s ankles, and tugging him unceremoniously to the center of the bed.
“Looks like he’s in for a rough morning, tomorrow,” Tony drawls, a little smirk curling the corner of his mouth.
“So him and Barnes…” Tony starts, glancing over his shoulder.
Steve makes pasta that’s covered in sun-dried tomatoes and some kind of creamy sauce with bits of bacon in it. He puts garlic bread in the oven as well. Tony sits on the counter beside the stove and steals tastes off the end of his spoon when he’s not looking.
At the height of their friendship, Rhodey would’ve seen clear through Tony’s half-assed array of cover-ups. He’s not sure if he’s relieved or disappointed, that it’s gotten so easy to lie to his best friend.
“Says the guy who’s dancing with indisputably the sexiest girl in a 50-mile radius.”
“Of course, Sir. Would you also like me to order something for Mr. Rogers?”
“That
“Hey, guys,” Steve says carefully, shrugging off his jacket and tossing it into the hallway closet. He approaches the couch with caution, first making eye contact with Sam, whose expression is a worrying mixture of grim resignation and concern.
Steve sets down his brush and looks down at his person. He’s wearing a paint-spattered sweatshirt and a pair of yoga pants he haphazardly plucked off the debris of his bedroom floor this morning. In fact, he’s 75% sure they’re actually Natasha’s. “I mean… is it really okay if I go over there looking like this?”
the crest of a very long and apparently never-ending arc of recovery, he doesn’t take his job as Responsible Best Friend any less seriously. Tony eyes the growing number of empty bottles at his feet with a growing combination of fear and—... well. It's pathetic, really, but fear and gratitude, because even if this whole situation is deeply unfavorable, it's also a sign that Rhodey cares.
Steve hesitates. “I’m okay. I’m gonna call Clint— check in on Ruby.”
“You guys are objectifying a national icon,” Rhodey protests.
Tony gives him a wry look. “I’ve seen all your prizes, Steve Rogers. They’re no longer impressive to me.”
Once Tony wrangles his initial shock into something manageable, he moves on to having a hard time understanding
They leave the party. Tony decides he’s done with it and it’s stupid, and he’s suddenly lit up with the kind of energy that can’t be burned off by grinding on twenty-somethings with drug problems. Steve only lives a few blocks from the bar, and Tony offers to walk him home.
“You just implied something there.”
But that doesn’t stop him from standing there and grinning at Steve in silence for what is perhaps a serial-killer-y amount of time.
“Tony,” Pepper says carefully, voice measured and patient, “when you say stand in the front, do you mean... Or, are you asking—“
“I love you,” Tony sighs, leaning down to kiss his forehead.
“I’ll let you know tomorrow morning.”
“Is this the part where you ask me to take my clothes off?”
“I’m growing innovation,” Tony insists, waving his wrench around at the workshop, “technology. World-changing technology. I don’t have time to be planting potatoes.”
When Steve finally slips inside him, Tony feels it again - that incomprehensible flicker of recognition.
Steve wants to think something like ‘in the end, it’s simple’, but there is no end, really. Every morning he wakes up with Tony stretched out across the sheets next to him and knows, with absolute, unwavering certainty, that they have infinite time. They don’t have to worry anymore, because Tony built Steve a house and made Steve a home, and they get to spend the rest of their lives filling it with the things they love.
“Oh,” Steve says, and runs a hand through his hair. He sits down on the floor next to Ruby and she dutifully crawls into his lap, relying her not insubstantial weight on his thighs. He scratches her behind the ears and looks back up at Peter. “And what did she say?”
Steve can practically hear the gears in Tony’s mind turning, weighing the emotional losses and gains of the moment.
As the conversation begins to peter out, Natasha’s retorts getting weaker and weaker, a small, exhausted silence descends between them.
“Why?” Tony smiles, eyes clouded with desire as he runs his hands up Steve’s bare torso, “‘Cause naughty boys get punished?”
“The bus stop is, like, five—“
“Put on the hat!”
“S’pretty freeing,” Tony endorses, twirling the hammer in a lazy circle.
They may all be tired, overextended, and perpetually on the edge of bankruptcy, but dammit if they couldn’t eat good food and collectively cry during nostalgia films. After all, Steve’s mom taught him to be a firm believer in the power of the little things, and she insisted on multiple occasions that it wasn’t
“A reasonable assumption.
“We might still have to do this, every once in a while,” Steve says, head lolling to the side, sharp blue eyes focusing on Tony. “They’ll still need help.”
Tony buries his face in his goose-feather pillow and groans.
Though he’d take America in in a minute, Tony privately thinks any distance they can manufacture is a good thing - a solid reminder that none of these children are really theirs. He and Steve may like them (love them, probably, though Tony’s not ready to admit to that yet), but at the end of the day, they have absolutely no claim to them. Steve and Tony’s job is to give them the tools they need to defend themselves, to be their friends, and to make sure that every parent has all the available information at any given time.
“Sounds like you’ve got it all figured out.”
And then Tony is reaching for his hand, the rough pads of his fingers sliding over Steve’s skin in a way that sends a thrill darting down the line of his spine, and Steve tries very hard to remember I hate him, I hate him, I hate him, but despite the chorus echoing in his head he finds himself being led away from the bar and towards the center of the dance floor. He looks down at where Tony’s fingers are clasped loosely around his and the sight makes his breath catch in his throat.
“Have you tried initiating physical contact, Sir?”
“For solitude,” Tony says sharply, then realizes this is possibly a hypocritical statement considering the number of people who have filtered in and out of his house in the past week and a half.
Steve stops sucking on Tony’s collarbone and sits up, bracing his hands on Tony’s chest. “I already brought you burgers. From Shake Shake Shake. Probably have to pop ‘em in the microwave, but.”
It’s Steve’s turn to snort now. Much to his wry amusement, the infamous Tony Stark had spent the entire evening leaned up against the wall of the dance hall, engrossed in his phone and steadfastly avoiding eye contact with everyone. Even though he was almost absurdly handsome, and actually seemed pretty charming in interviews and tabloids, Steve got this air from him the whole night, like maybe he thought he was too good to be rubbing elbows with the other guests. Steve had spent three and a half years at NYU on a full ride scholarship - he could sniff out entitlement with bloodhound-like precision, and it seemed to be coming off Stark in waves.
“Oh, are you complaining, now?” Tony asks, even as he gently, deliberately slips his away his hand, idly wiping his fingers on the inside of Steve’s thigh.
“There’s something about a man in a kilt,” Pepper muses, eyes raking appreciatively over the screen, “Even when that man is Mel Gibson.”
He’s going to say yes. But he can’t actually do that unless Tony gets it together enough to ask. Steve turns around and glares at the wall.
This happens to him at least once a week these days. It’s exhausting, but manageable. He’d have worked his way through this one just fine, except—
“Steve hopped in the rift,” Tony repeats.
“What are you doing?” Tony asks, trying valiantly to ignore the warmth blooming across the skin beneath Steve’s palms.
“We have too many children. This is so not a problem I ever thought I’d have.”
“Did you?” Tony asks, straightening up and looking at Steve with a smile that he’s certain is too wide for his face. Steve is looking at him like the word could be on fire outside, and he wouldn’t even care. “Did you actually, though?”
not kicking his ass?”
“Feels like they are.”
“Really?” Tony raises an eyebrow, “‘Cause it kind of seemed like you didn’t for a minute there.”
“I mean,” Steve says, and his eyes are smiling even if his mouth isn’t, “do you actually imagine any of this is working on me?”
Steve’s eyes get all wide and hopeful, and Ruby seems to sense his excitement because Tony can here the thump, thump, thump of her tail from underneath their dining table. “Really? It’s expensive, but it’s not quite as flashy as the parties you’re—“
It’s therapeutic, has been since his MIT days. Superhero business isn’t actually the stress relief some might assume it is. When Tony’s hitting someone in the face with a repulsor blast, he’s too scared they’ll get back up again to, like,
“You can pick.”
“You’re welcome to stay,” Tony says, thoughtlessly, which is how he seems to be doing everything these days.
“Tony, do you honestly think Thanos got the upper hand because you didn’t go to a high school dance when you were fifteen?” Steve’s got this voice, that one that’s both gentle and frustrated at the same time. This voice says ‘be kinder to yourself, you giant moron’. This voice says ‘I love you so much, why don’t you love yourself too?’
“Don’t know,” he mumbles finally, hyper-aware of the way 100% of Steve’s attention remains determinedly fixed on him. “I don’t know, Steve. I wasn’t going to jump.”
Steve puts up a little resistance for this one, because
“Yeah, yeah the sun. Like, dehydration. I knew a guy who dehydrated once. Not in California, in Massachusetts. It was pretty gross. His lips got all white and dry and weird.”
Tony raises an eyebrow. “Yeah?”
“What’s this?” Tony asks, running his hand over the faint blue lines.
So they’re in each others’ workspaces three days a week, they get lunch at the diner at least as often, and they play paper football in the break room even though Steve knows he’s gonna lose. Their time together is carefully constrained to work hours only, because as long as it’s on the clock or during a lull in the day, Steve can say firmly that it’s not a date. He is not dating Tony Stark. And he definitely, 100% doesn’t want to be.
And then he’d met Steve.
“I don’t know.”
That feeling is particularly salient on nights like this one, when Sam’s incredible mac and cheese is cooking in the oven and they’re planning on popping The Princess Bride in as soon as Natasha gets home from work.
“Okay. Shit. I’m gonna go tell Bucky.”
“—Gonna smash this stuff, then I’m gonna smash
Because Steve doesn’t wake up screaming, he doesn’t shake the bed, he doesn’t twist the sheets. He —
So they both climb onto the bed and Steve sits with his back against the headboard and Natasha rests her head on his thigh. Steve runs his hand through her hair and they just sit there, and Steve talks about his day a little, texts Sam to bring them ice cream, and worries about Natasha. They stay like that for three hours and she doesn’t cry, but she does look up at Steve and ask “why didn’t he call?” in a quiet, puzzled voice. Somehow that feels worse.
“I wear this suit for other things.”
“Who is baking the pie in this scenario?”
“Eight!”
“—Well. You can’t stay. I’ll call a cab for you,” Tony takes another sip of his coffee and pulls the chain off the door, ‘cause he’s feeling a little ridiculous having a conversation like that. He leans resolutely against the frame, trying to emphasize that Steve is entirely unwelcome in Tony’s home.
“First of all, they didn’t kick me out of MIT, I left because they were lame. Second of all, I wouldn’t be named Iron Woman. That’s the stupidest name I’ve ever heard in my life.”
Steve and Sam exchange a look like
Rhodey sets down his fork. “Senior year of MIT. The last few months leading up to graduation, when you didn’t know if I’d be taking fellowship opportunities abroad or enlisting or planning to keep you at all in my life—“
“Music that Sam and I like. Promise.”
“Why would I laugh?” Tony presses his fist against a smile.
He pauses like he doesn’t quite know what to say, faltering in a way that reminds Tony he’s not nearly as perfect as everyone thinks he is. And the thought isn’t even vindictive, really, because Tony loves Steve most in the moments he’s close enough to see all his cracks and broken edges.
Steve leans away, then, but can’t resist pressing a soft closed-mouth kiss to the corner of Tony’s mouth. “You think I give a damn about the tower, Tony?”
Tony shakes his head. “Nothing like Pat’s.
That’s not to say everything fucked up about their lives just disappears. They might be able to get to sleep pretty easy, but waking in the middle of the night is a stubbornly persistent problem.
“Well—“ Tony cuts in.
“Yes, sir.”
For a solid minute Tony can’t foresee either himself or Steve getting it together enough to go upstairs, so he thinks they’re really gonna go all the way right there on the kitchen counter, but then Steve’s phone rings.
Rhodey pulls back, but his hands stay on Tony’s shoulders, firm and grounding. His eyes are fierce when he says, “I’m still mad, but it’s not always your fault, Tony. You know that right?”
Tony closes his eyes. “You should’ve called.”
“Whose wedding?” Bucky asks, skirting up near the island and poking Sam’s side. Sam jerks away, frowns at him, and promptly tackles Bucky to the floor. While they tussle - and break something? There’s a breaking sound - Steve leans up out of his seat to peek at the invitation.
“What if I worked out of New York again?”
Steve, even in the throes of passion, manages to pull that ridiculous ‘oh, me?’ expression. Tony grins and drops a kiss into the hollow of his neck.
Tony turns to look back at him. There’s a little grime along his face, a shallow cut on his cheek. He doesn’t look worn down, but he doesn’t look alert, either, lazily resting somewhere between. “So we’ll help,” Tony shrugs, mouth tipping in a crooked smile.
Tony waits for him to trudge all the way out of the living room — keeps waiting, for the click of the bedroom door — before calling Pepper’s friend to tell her he’s not feeling well.
“Hey,” Tony says, because he feels like he should say something. His mouth feels a little dry. He licks his lips.
Steve hesitates again, then steps away from the stove and moves toward the sink, reaching for the highest cabinet in the kitchen. His shirt rides up a little in the process and it’s a cliche, but Tony eyes his exposed hip with interest.
, and has been concealing it from Steve through the cover of his office. The second is surprise, a sort of passing, wondering thought at how loosely he relates the name Anthony with his husband Tony.
“That’s your question?” Steve asks. He looks and sounds tired, but he’s smiling, hand resting over the delicate bones in Tony’s ankle. The weight in Tony’s chest is still there, but it feels like someone has slathered rainbow frosting just on top of it. The effect is feeble, but marginally better than standing on the roof alone.
Tony pauses in the doorway, hand hovering over the frame. He steals one last glance at Steve stretched out against the sheets, face sweet and open like he knows something the rest of the world doesn’t.
They kiss like that for god knows how long, but the second Tony pulls away it’s still too soon.
“What are you wearing?” Tony snickers. She supplies a wrench from somewhere on her person and threatens to hit him with it.
When he gets to the basement, the elevators doors pull apart to the sound of the opening chords to AC/DC’s Back in Black. Steve frowns, double-checks his directions, and then shoots a quick text to Peter that says ‘if I get murdered down here MJ gets my pencil cup’. He steps out of the elevator and approaches the first door he sees, hovering carefully over the handle. He knocks, but he’s certain the sound is drowned out by the music. After a couple moment’s hesitation, he cuts his losses and tests the handle, finding it unlocked.
“I have to go to work,” Steve sighs, absently pushing his fingers through Tony’s hair.
“Yeah, whatever.”
“Ah. So he left and he came—“
“Steve Rogers,” Tony is deeply embarrassed by the fact his voice seems to be shaking, but it’s not enough to override his angry determination. “I am your
“You know you do this thing,” Tony says, stealing a piece of lamb off Steve’s plate, “the prettier you think I am, the meaner you get.”
“What is it?” Tony interrupts, voice rippling with curiosity.
Tony doesn’t seem to mind, in fact, the corner of his mouth tips up into an amused little smile. “Because it’s my company. If I don’t like it I should be able to change it.”
“We’re fine, Steve,” Tony tells him, smoothing a hand along the line of his shoulder and the bunched up muscles in his back.
“Can you work out of New York again, Tony?”
“What if he says no?”
be loved. He
So he buys a farm. No animals, but there’s a plot of arable land and a barn Tony can convert into a workshop. It’s manageable for one person. The man Tony buys it from is discreet, agrees easily to the NDA that’ll keep him from disclosing Tony’s location to the press. He gives Happy, Rhodey, and Pepper his address, but he asks them not to visit for a bit. Not forever, just until he figures out how to get the panic in his chest under control. Their eyes are full of pity and understanding and Tony has never felt more like a coward than in the moments leading up to his goodbye.
“She better be,” Tony scritches Ruby under the chin, “considering how much I pay for her food and accommodations.”
Steve’s brow furrows.
“I—“ Tony hesitates, eye flicking momentarily away from Steve, “I don’t know if I… should. Until we know how this conversation ends.”
It snows the day of the ceremony.
, is the immediate answer his head supplies, and the aforementioned rainbow frosting starts to cloud over. Tony shuts his eyes tighter and sighs, wondering why the tops of his cheeks suddenly feel wet. Is the bathtub on? He’ll ask Steve later.
“I know! Then I order burgers, veggie for you, six for me.”
The sight that meets him is not even remotely within the realm of what he was expecting.
“Sexy Santa Costume,” Tony finishes helpfully, leaning down to nip playfully at Steve’s lips. “And sent it to you at the station.”
“Comfortable. More comfortable than anyone in the world has ever felt on a first date.”
Tony wants to be intentionally contrary about it — stay awake just to spite Steve, who has been right about way too many things this evening already — but his body starts to betray him almost immediately. By the time Steve is settling him against soft blankets and pillows, he’s already halfway to a dream.
Steve looks.
“Jesus, baby,” Tony says, pulling back and looking into Steve’s eyes. They are clouded over with desire and something else, something right on the edge of panic. “What happened?”
“Oh?”
“How did you find me?” Tony presses, though he suspects it has something to do with the “literal genius” bit.
“You know him? Like, personally? Outside of the tabloid situation.”
“I do alright for myself,” Steve smiles, laughing a little when Tony sticks his tongue out in response.
“Got in a disagreement.”
“I’m sorry, have you seen this article?” Tony waves about the advance copy of the magazine as if Steve has never seen it, as if his husband has not been nonstop reading excerpts from it all through breakfast. “Obviously it’s not like we would’ve done it or asked for it or anything, I just think that if we
Tony isn’t looking at Steve while he says it, so Steve quickly resolves that that’s not flirting — that can’t possibly be flirting, right? Because if it is, it’s really bad flirting and shouldn’t Tony Stark, world-renowned playboy and the supposed most eligible bachelor in Manhattan, show a little more expertise?
“No, I will not.”
He tries and fails to go back to sleep, ultimately just ends up laying on his back, staring at the ceiling, and resenting every single choice that brought him to this moment. Natasha conceded especially quickly, and Tony knows that that means…. something, but he can’t quite put his finger on what. He lays on his back and sluggishly attempts to puzzle through it, smoothing over the niggling reminders that he has things to do and people to see today.
Steve startles awake at the sound of his voice, seeming to choke on the breath of his own snoring (which is very attractive) as he fumbles into a sitting position. The heart-shaped box falls off his chest and a few uneaten chocolate tumble onto the floor.
“Maybe
“Oh,” Steve says. The marker stills. The beginnings of a blush stain his cheeks, and he glances down at Tony’s hand, fingers smoothing lightly along the delicate bones of his wrist. Tony’s pulse flutters a little at the touch. “Yeah, I think that sounds nice.”
“You got it.”
“Awful,” Tony admits, and Steve frowns. “But then I saw you, so.”
The corner of Steve’s mouth twitches. “It’s a, um. Ten-minute bike ride, so. Probably like a 2-minute car ride, and that would be kind of weird.”
“Uh— hey, Steve. Sorry if this is weird. Rhodey said I should write a letter and trust me, I really, really gave it my best shot, but I kept trying to strike an appropriate letter-writing tone by using words like ‘thusly’ and ‘methinks’, which, like, if you knew me you’d know that’s… um. Not me. —So I made this. For you. It didn’t actually take that long, the technology is pretty simple, the crux of it’s basically—“
Tony rolls his eyes a little, features settling into that half-pleased, half-
“Alright. I’ll let her know.”
Natasha's shoulder drops in an unassuming shrug. "Though we could spar."
“You should come watch with us,” Kate chimes. Natasha shoots someone on screen. “It’s very fun! And educational.”
“Yeah, no, we are!” Peter scrambles, then starts tapping his sneaker against the hardwood a little manically. “But some of the R and D team works offsite. In a more. Scientific facility. And they really need this!” He holds up the binder again meaningfully.
Very, very hard, is the answer.
“Concentration face,” Tony says softly, mouth tipping in a crooked smile.
“Fine, then,” he says, curling his fingers around Steve’s wrist. “We won’t go home.”
Tony’s heart skips several, devastating beats. A small silence settles between them, and Steve is still frowning, but now he’s also nodding determinedly, like he’s never been so committed to anything in his entire life. “Okay,” he says, “okay. We’re getting married.”
The crowd subtly parts for Tony, though people’s eyes catch on Steve like he’s some sort of zoo animal. He almost unconsciously tightens his grip around the calloused fingers clasped between his, and suddenly Tony’s coming to a stop, tugging Steve close and settling his hands on Steve’s narrow waist. Steve doesn’t really know what to do with his own hands, so he settles for placing them on Tony’s shoulders, though the proximity nearly makes him vibrate out of his skin.
Tony snorts a little.
Steve truly has no idea what to make of all of it, though he will concede that Tony created something pretty special with Arc Technologies. The building, the people who work there, the mission of the company — it all builds into something kind of beautiful, something Steve feels pretty good about being a part of, even if his role is restricted to designing trendy looking tote bags.
, Tony thinks.
1) He slept through the entire night, and he can count on one hand the number of times that's happened this month.
Life kind of moves on. Kind of.
“Sam’s Captain America right now,” Steve had corrected, idly turning the page. “I’m just Steve.”
Everyone, that is, except Sunset, Either he doesn’t notice how desperate she is for his attention or he doesn’t really care, and something about that is both irritating and amusing to Steve.
Steve’s heart thumps pathetically in his chest at the sight of Tony, standing with his hands braced at the edge of a podium, eyes wide and alert. He looks completely sober, and when he speaks, it’s with a calm, authoritative voice.
but it's so much more intense than that. And it's completely silent, sometimes in his sleep. And if he does wake up for it, he still doesn’t make a sound, just presses the back of his hand to his mouth and squeezes his eyes shut.
When he whizzes past a sign that declares he’s officially outside city limits, his breath feels a little looser in his chest.
“I’ve never seen you like this,” Bruce says, studying Tony like he’s a broken piece of a chemistry set.
“Yeah,” Steve smiles crookedly, reaches up to run his hand through Tony’s hair. Tony very nearly moans at the feeling. “Yeah, a chocolate milkshake too.”
But he doesn’t really get the chance to feel lonely, because Natasha surprises him by turning up on his doorstep two hours later, a bottle of wine and four seasons of Rupaul’s Drag Race on DVD in hand. They get wonderfully, deliriously inebriated and Steve, interestingly enough, spends the majority of the night with thoughts of Tony Stark and his revolutionary solar panels swimming in the back of his mind.
What’s — what’s far, far worse is when it happens to Steve.
challenging. Frustrating. Incredible, too. I didn’t have to try to pay attention. Sometimes I’d try not to pay attention, and I’d still end up looking at you.”
Riri comes over for dinner, not because she has any interest in hanging out with Tony’s friends but rather because she can’t pass up the opportunity to meet Pepper Potts, CEO of Stark Industries and the first woman to be featured on no less than seven covers for Forbes magazine.
“I’m sorry,” Tony says, fingers curling in Rhodey’s sweatshirt.
Steve thinks suddenly, looking up at Tony with wide, clear eyes.
Tony glances at the half smooshed truffle on his wool carpet. “I can see that.”
“I should have called.”
, but apparently the combination of Steve’s artistic vision and Tony’s builders’ expertise makes them the optimal pair for the job. Steve doesn’t buy it for a second, but it’s useless to argue, and spending a couple hours goofing off with Tony in the conference room isn’t actually the worst way he could be spending his afternoon.
The next time Tony’s eyes flutter open, time seems to have jumped forward, and it slowly registers that someone seems to be lifting him out of the tub, an arm supporting the crook of his knees and another wrapped reassuringly around his back. Tony has the fuzzy thought that he might want to protest, but, just like on the roof and in the tub, the contact feels ridiculously nice. How long had it been since someone touched him like this— held him like this?
Steve peeks around the corner of the crawlspace and sees Rhodes leaning against the frame of the doorway, looking tired but still managing this silly little fond expression, directed at Natasha’s still impassable glare.
“Tony!”
The first thing Tony ever thought about him was that he looked like sunshine.
“—but fuck, Steve, I can’t stop thinking about you. Your hair, your eyes, your mouth, god, I’ve spent hours lying in bed thinking about your goddamn mouth. Why does it always look so soft? You have, like, three thousand different medical problems but you can’t have something that makes you ugly? It’s not even just that I wanna fuck you — but it’s also that, I mean, I really wanna fuck you — but I have— I mean I’m having—“ Tony cuts himself off and squeezes his eyes shut really tight. When he opens them, he looks so trapped, so frustrated with himself, that Steve can hardly stand it. “—Feelings, I guess. Intense, romantic feelings. For you.”
“Boyfriend?”
Frankly, the whole thing smells a little like karmic retribution for the time Tony pulled the same Drunk, Horny, and At Your Door act about a month and a half ago. He will say, though, he had the decency to knock instead of
“If you insist,” Tony hums, grabbing at one of Steve’s legs and draping it across his waist. He tips his head down to press a kiss on Steve's crown.
“No,” Tony says, shaking his head and silently correcting an error in a line of her code. “No, only someone who really loved you would do that.”
“They’re blueberry,” Steve declares, holding up a plastic baggie. His cheeks are stained a light pink from the chilly morning air. The muffins are a little smooshed, but Tony’s stomach still grumbles in interest. Steve’s also holding an untouched cup of iced coffee, and Tony ran out of the mix for cold brew last night, so the mere sight makes his mouth water.
“He totally would’ve slept with us.”
.” The changing emphasis makes something heavy and uncomfortable settle in the pit of Steve’s stomach. “You live with three roommates in a disgusting health code of a building. You are literally a starving artist. You’ve gotten arrested at three different protests in the past six months alone. Also, your body is constantly on the verge of just giving out on you. My dad would’ve hated you, and Obie, god, Obie would literally kill me if he knew I was here, ‘cause not only did you not go to an Ivy, there’s also the small issue of you not being a woman—“
“Fireworks with — with music in the background. Music that I like.”
“And why is that, exactly?”
Tony sighs, pulls his phone out of his pocket, and shoots off a quick text to Steve.
“If it’s— if it’s often, I think you should start calling me.”
Steve nods in understanding, rises from the couch, and sucks down the last dredges of his smoothie. He drops the empty plastic cup in the trash and pulls open Tony’s work drawer, rifling through the items in search of Tony’s wallet.
Tony feigns ignorance. “Did I?”
Steve insists on driving Riri home, although she tells him a thousand times she can take the bus. When he gets back, he makes Tony a late dinner. Tony would argue but he’s far too tired for it and, frankly, he’s found this whole ‘cooking for himself everyday’ set-up to be more than a little exhausting.
“A guy’s not allowed to change his mind?”
“S’posed to be helping you,” Steve sighs, but his eyes flutter closed.
“I love you,” she tells him, her voice certain, “I will always love you.”
“It’s bad luck,” Steve had said primly, a blush blazing across his cheeks, “I don’t want to curse our marriage!”
Steve kisses the side of his neck, wraps a protective arm around Tony’s stomach. “You’re my husband,” he agrees, and whatever came apart inside Tony during the last six hours slowly, torturously starts to stitch itself back together.
“Also we love her,” Steve agrees, already turning back around to put the date in his calendar.
“You should,” Steve finds himself saying. He wants to see Brock again. Or at least he thinks he does, it’s been a while since someone made Steve this curious. Maybe it’s attraction and maybe it’s something else, but Steve thinks he owes it to himself to try and puzzle it out. “It’ll be fun, and you can probably avoid Tony pretty easily since there’ll be so many people there.”
in the workshop floor.
Lo and behold, when Tony looks he finds a few tacky (also heart-shaped) helium balloons settled in the concave of his ceiling. The string is well out of reach of Tony, but when Steve stands up he’ll be tall enough to get them, and this only furthers Tony’s ire.
Peter blinks several times, then looks back down at his hands and starts pacing again. His voice is somewhat rough and shaky when, thirty seconds later, he finally says, “I proposed to MJ.”
“Hey,” Tony says, laying flat on the mat and wheezing, slightly. “Thanks.”
“I know I was wrong—“ Tony presses on, exhaling a slightly shaking breath. “I know I was wrong, but you still should’ve called.”
“You’re absolutely right,” Steve laughs a little, bumping his shoulder against Sam’s. “Dodged a bullet.”
“Well,” Tony starts, voice brimming with laughter as he takes Steve’s hand, tugs it forward to press a kiss to his knuckles. “I told you I’d fix it.”
A small pensive pause, before Tony’s expression twitches into a wince.
“Big whoop,” Riri says, standing up and dusting crumbs off her skirt. “So am I.”
It’s America who deals the final blow to Oubilette Midas. To both Steve and Tony’s shock - she makes one last play for diplomacy, deals out that idealistic ‘you don’t have to do this’ type speech, and gets charged with a machine gun for her troubles.
The strange, haunting urge to jump nudges at his throat—
There was a time in Tony’s life where his answer to such a request would be a resounding ‘no’. He almost says that on instinct, actually, because he and Steve are supposed to work on the garden this afternoon and he still isn’t entirely convinced that he trusts any of these kids --
He still stealthily calls Aunt May, using Ruby and Tony’s single-minded focus on potato chips for cover. He leaves Peter and Tony alone and takes Ruby for a walk around the block, and when he comes back they’re seated at the table, talking about something in low, heated voices. Steve watches from the doorway as Tony claps a hand on Peter’s shoulder, gives it a firm, reassuring squeeze. Peter returns the look with a watery smile.
Rhodey pours out all his booze.*
Tony says things like that sarcastically, like somehow they couldn’t be farther from the truth. The strange irony in the practice really only makes Steve want to ravish him all that more thoroughly.
It’s a testament to how much he initially underestimated Steve, that he doesn’t seem to believe Tony in the slightest. He bites his lip like he’s thinking about something. His hand is still folded protectively over Tony’s.
“You call Bucky, he starts stabbing people. No stabbing. Not this weekend. I’m on vacation.”
“Not particularly,” Tony says with an absent smile.
Natasha raises one well-plucked eyebrow. “Oh?”
Tony hugs him. It’s instinctual, even though he can’t actually remember the last time he hugged someone. He doesn’t know why he does it, really, it’s just that his body feels good and relaxed and
“Repulsor blast?” Steve asks, looking up from his book with sudden, sharp curiosity. Dread settles in the pit of Tony’s stomach.
(Tony loves him.)
“You ask a lot of questions.”
“Can we do fireworks,” Steve asks, looking up at Tony with lidded blue eyes. Tony considers the itinerary he’s put together in his head. If he cuts the third encore for AC/DC, they will possibly have time for fireworks.
Steve can’t find the tea anywhere (‘cause Riri really did blow it up) so he makes Tony hot chocolate and fishes some leftover cake out of the freezer, throwing it into the microwave and starting his meticulous defrosting protocol. Tony get the vague sense he ought to help, but the last reserves of his energy dried up after he answered the door.
He doesn’t know how they managed to tear two pillows and a goose down comforter last night, but he’s inclined to blame Steve and that pesky superstrength. For a couple minutes he tries to do that Classically Romantic thing where the admirer just watches the object of their affection sleep, but he gets bored and horny very quickly.
Steve would be more unsettled by all of this if it didn’t seem so genuine. After working no less than twelve different shitty retail jobs, he knows the difference between I Love My Boss and In Case My Boss Is Listening, I’m Gonna Say I Love My Boss But I Actually Wish They’d Rot In Hell. Every Arc Technologies employee is firmly of the former persuasion. It’s — strange, is what it is. Even the three nineteen-year-olds he’s working with on the youth team can only sing his praise.
“We barely knew each other,” Tony admits, catching Eli’s eyes. That might’ve been their biggest mistake. They got into bed together as a world-saving team without really taking the time to understand each other, understand what each person was hoping to get out of the avenging arrangement. It had made for problems down the line.
He’s a pretty weird guy.
“She lives in Wyoming.”
Steve pauses, glances briefly at the open folder on the desk next to them. Panic flares in his chest, quick and overwhelming, like ice water rising through his lungs. He looks back at his husband. “Because, this, Tony, I don’t—I don’t know if I can do this. I don’t know if this is what I signed up for. I need you to try to fix it, okay? For me, for your husband, you have to try.”
Tony ignores him.
“This is me,” Steve says, slowing to a stop in front of a stoop that’s seen better days. He leans against the rail like he doesn’t quite want to say goodbye yet, lumbering and awkward in a way that is inexplicably a turn on.
“Is this a generational thing?” he mutters, half to himself. “Is this how guys our age used to hang out in the forties?”
“Steve. Stevie. Can you get me another jello from the cafeteria?”
Steve presses the back of his hand to his mouth to hold in laughter and graciously decides to cut the conversation short by swinging open Tony’s passenger door. He turns around to say goodbye, but Tony cuts him off, features twisting into something right on the edge helpless. It’s — not a terrible look on him, Steve surmises.
Rhodey cries a little at William Wallace’s final call for “Freedom” like he always does. Pepper hides her amused smile in Tony’s collar and Tony pats his arm consolingly. As the credits roll, they ponder collectively about why Mel Gibson decided he was going to direct, produce, and star in a movie about a Scottish national icon. Rhodey laments about the lack of a Braveheart remake, wishing he could continue to be an avid William Wallace fanboy without the unfortunate relation to Mel Gibson. Pepper is ambivalent, though she’d request they put forth greater effort into researching female contributions to the independence effort, because surely they did more than hypnotize men with their magical vaginas. Tony offers to bankroll the whole endeavor and they both nearly succeed at smothering him with pillows.
They order way too much food, but Steve cleans it up pretty well and they resolve to live on the leftovers for all of the weekend.
gets to be the idiot. Let nobody say this isn’t a marriage of equals.
“I love you,” Steve tells him, like it’s a fact.
Steve stays. It’s not something they need to talk about, because it doesn’t matter if his name’s on the lease of a dingy two-bedroom in Brooklyn. This is still his home.
3) Someone is holding his waist and breathing on the back of his neck.
Steve thinks, heart dropping through his chest and straight down to the soles of his beat-up sneakers.
“—the marrying kind,” Steve smiles, and there’s not a hint of resentment or disappointment in it. He reaches out to cup Tony’s cheek, to run his fingers through the soft hair that frames his temple. “I know. And I promise you, Tony, I don’t need that. I saw the ring while I was running errands in Brooklyn, and it made me think of you. I bought it just in case. I bought because, if at any point in your life, marriage becomes something you want, I’d like to be prepared to give that to you.”
“I love you,” Steve says when he pulls back. He rests his forehead against Tony’s and reaches for Tony’s hand, locking their fingers together.
It’s the kind of encouragement that used to make Tony want to punch Steve in the face - that relentlessly positive worldview, that search for hope in even the darkest corners of a life or a shitty situation or the aftermath of a loss. Knowing what Tony had known, knowing that Steve’s outlook would only ever break both their hearts - it had been unbearable.
And Steve! Steve is possibly the worst out of all of them. All of those diligent notes Tony thought he was taking are just various doodles of the profile of whichever Avenger happens to be in his eye line.
tried to make you do that and I don’t even eat—“
“Go team,” Steve agrees, idly running his hand through Tony’s hair. It’s as soft as he thought it would be, thick strands slipping through his fingers with glossy ease.
Rhodey flicks his ear. “Of course we will. Better have a tractor next time.”
“And yet you seem to be the only one eating it.”
. He’s laying it on pretty thick, it feels like some kind of strange role reversal. His face alone is this horrifying mixture of hope and snark that’s doing something to Tony; dulling the sharp edge of his judgment, making him feel a little soft in the head.
“Why can’t you sleep?”
“Fuck,” Tony says breathlessly, pressing his forehead against Steve’s, “fuck, okay, hold on— I’m trying to do this thing where I make responsible decisions at least 85% of the time, or at least for the things that matter, and you— I think you, really, really matter, so I don’t want to fuck this up, I don’t want to do this period if you’re not—“
“He makes plenty of friends,” Tony’s eyes flash in a way Steve would characterize as dangerous, “think his real problem is keeping them.”
, Tony thinks.
“You okay?” Steve asks in a low, teasing voice, probably not audible past the first row of pews.
“Think so,” Pepper hums. She has a funny expression on her face, like maybe she’s proud of him.
“Should I call someone else? Rhodey? Pepper?” Steve murmurs. He’s standing next to Tony, looking down at him with wide, concerned eyes. He hesitates, then reaches out and brushes the backs of his fingers along Tony’s forehead, gently sweeping his hair out of his face. It’s the kind of touch that’s so gentle, so tentative, that Tony could easily shrink away from it if he wanted to.
“Cheating,” Tony accuses.
Bucky and Sam fall quiet. Steve inclines his head forward, trying to make out snatches of the passionate conversation that has been transpiring for the past eighteen minutes.
“Dump this out, ‘cause it sure as hell isn’t doing you any favors.”
Of course, the wedding party is small enough that they can’t help but run into each other face to face that evening. Steve goes to tell Natasha that he and Sam are going to wrangle Bucky into a cab, and subsequently gets roped into a half-hour conversation with her, Rhodes, and Stark for his troubles. It’s not too awkward because Rhodes is so charming and amiable, easily chatting Steve up about the Brooklyn art scene and his fellowship at the Pratt Institute. Stark doles out lazy interjections every once in a while, cheeks flushed and eyes unfocused as he sips from a cocktail that never seems to empty, no matter how much he drinks.
Steve nods slowly. “Me either.”
“You didn’t have to come yourself,” Steve says, suddenly sheepish. “I thought you’d just send an intern. Or your new PA.”
“Tony, that is not a very respectful thing to say.”
A lot of things changed post-graduation, but they’ve always tried to get brunch when they’re in the same city. They have a running joke, now, that they’ve never been able to find a place that serves pancakes just as terrible as Pat’s. These get-togethers have been steadily declining in frequency over the last few years, but there’s not a lot either of them can do about that.
ex something
He replays the events of the night before on a loop in his head: he knows he was right to reject Tony, he knows he was right to call him out on interfering with Natasha, and he knows he was
It’s a nice three days, to be honest. He spends them in the lab, modifying the truck, tinkering with his newest clean energy solutions, installing artificial intelligence into casual household appliances. He doesn’t touch the armor, doesn’t touch weaponry of any kind, really, even the thought makes him sick to his stomach. It just feels pointless to create things that will only ever destroy.
“No,” Tony insists, petulant, “that’s why I married you.”
But that didn’t matter to Steve anyway — and why would it, after all his tirades against people who put ceremony over substance. The thoroughness with which Tony loved him, the promises they made to each other in the rare and quiet moments of privacy their crazy lives afforded — that had been enough. Steve always said that was more than enough.
“Pretty sweeping declaration, there.”
“I’m glad you’re alive,” Steve says when he pulls back, tipping his forehead against Tony’s.
“Nuh-uh, Williams. People die on the bus.”
Steve only has to think for a split second before recollection lights up his face. “Oh, yeah-- about where to find the good pork rinds in the bodega on 82nd.”
“Obie’s fine,” Tony waves a hand dismissively, finally moving away from the scotch and into the living room, collapsing onto yet another hideous piece of furniture that can’t possibly be comfortable. Steve glances up at him to find that he’s already looking, and Steve’s struck with the jarring notion that Tony’s thinking about what he looks like naked. Though, upon further examination, he figures that’s probably how Tony Stark looks at everyone.
Tony makes an ambiguous sound and flops back onto the bed, throwing an arm over his eyes.
Then Pepper says they’re all workaholics with a Problem, so they go upstairs and bicker about how to spend the afternoon and what to eat for dinner. The only thing on cable is Braveheart, and even though Friday can stream anything Tony wants, Rhodey looks offended at the suggestion that they’d watch anything else when Braveheart is readily available.
“So do you.”
“Obie giving you a hard time?” Sunset asks, cherry red lips curving into a pout. Rhodes flashes her a wary look out of the corner of his eye.
“I didn’t come back into your life to do this,” he insists, pressing his forehead against Tony’s, “I just wanted to be here for you, I could tell you were—“
Tony tries to, and then promptly remembers the sky-high pile of incriminating evidence that may, to certain people and sentient AIs, give the impression that they are more than Guys Hanging Out.
“The costume,” Steve reminds, raising one meaningful eyebrow.
“We’ve fucked,” Tony tries.
“You ready?”
“What’s really more pressing to me, at the moment, is the why,” Tony says, and has the horrible thought that he sounds old. And tired -- more tired than he’s ever remembered being before.
Tony hasn’t sent back or thrown out any of his clothes, so he sets a pair of sweats and a t-shirt onto the bed and ambles off to the kitchen to make hot chocolate.
Steve considers this, then tucks Tony’s wallet into the back pocket of his jeans and takes a tentative step forward. Tony passes him the hammer and Steve’s big hand closes around the grip, thumb brushing against Tony’s as he pulls away.
“Yeah, alright,” Tony sighs, but he couldn’t sound more bored with the idea. He drains the rest of scotch and sets the glass on the floor. As he comes back up he glances at Steve’s notebook, eyes flicking over the rough sketch in interest. It’s Natasha on the page, though her face is turned away from the viewer, so Tony probably wouldn’t be able to identify her anyways. She’s doing a pirouette, arms curved in a graceful arc above her head.
Steve closes his book. “We’re going out,” he announces.
“Don’t have one,” Steve shakes his head, placing one of Tony’s dishes on the drying rack. He pauses and looks up at Tony with a charmingly crooked smile. “I’ve just been here. With you.”
ahhh it is the end!! wow.... thank you for those kind and patient few who have stuck with this story <3 i appreciate you to bits :) this chapter is... very long. like double the length of the other chapters. i had a lot to say. i hope you enjoy it!!
“Excuse me?”
“Thanks, kid,” Tony says, and then feels momentarily thrown by the sight of tears gathering in the corner of Peter’s eyes.
“Mmm,” Tony grins, rutting slowly against Steve’s stomach, right at the exposed swathe of skin where his shirt has ridden up. “You were so cute when I got home that night, all pouty and sullen over dinner, pretending to be mad—“
“Steve hopped in the rift. Well — the rift was sucking Natasha in, and then Steve kind of hopped in front of her, and then got sucked in himself.”
Tony tries not to care or even know what Steve’s planting, but he can’t help the glimpses he catches of the labels on the boxes and packets as Steve puts them in the ground. He’s got an interesting array - simple stuff like tomatoes, peppers, and squash paired with more finicky stuff like radishes and carrots. He fills a planter with the seeds for several different herbs, and Tony has no doubt that it will end up on his windowsill.
Tony rolls his eyes and scoots off of Steve’s lap, falling back against the bed and tugging Steve on top of him. Their legs slot together under the covers, and Steve slips a hand between Tony’s back and the mattress, large palm settling at the base of Tony’s spine. Tony wriggles underneath him, loosely wraps his legs around Steve’s hips.
And he mutters
“A little, I guess.” Steve tries desperately not to squeeze Tony’s fingers tighter, feels a shaky breath rattle in his chest. “I never let myself think for too long. This just feels more—“
Peter looks like he wants to say more, but Tony doesn’t have the patience to hear it. He turns around, walks away, and digs his phone out of his pocket to call Steve.
“I’m ethically opposed to billionaires, but Tony is… okay,” his moody creative intern, MJ, tells him. She doles out the endorsement pretty reluctantly, but MJ’s reluctant about the expression of any positive sentiment, so that doesn’t say much, really. When Steve raises an eyebrow at the not-quite-compliment, she just shoves his arm and tells him to stop distracting her, which is how he’s certain it’s genuine.
Tony sighs again and drags one of the chairs from the dining room out in front of the TV. Everyone watches as he sets it up a healthy distance away from the couch and settles into it with finality.
Steve sighs and sets down the q-tip, reaching for Tony’s non-injured hand and brushing a kiss across his knuckles. “It’s okay.
“You are not coming up,” Steve tells him, and for a second Tony has this vivid fantasy that he’s saying it more for his own benefit than Tony’s.
, when he’s six hours into a three-day-non-stop kind of project. He tilts his head, goggles slipping halfway down his nose, and waggles his eyebrows at Steve. Steve scoffs a little, but leans over to press a kiss to Tony’s temple before reaching for the screwdriver.
“Fine,” Tony says, and downs his entire glass of scotch in one swallow, then goes to pour himself another. “The usual.”
Once Tony gets over the fact that this all reads a little like a setup for a really bad porno, it doesn’t sound like a
Tony flirts shamelessly with the waitstaff and stuffs a hundred into the tip jar when he thinks Steve isn’t looking. About midway through the meal, an ancient old lady manager comes out from the back with the express purpose of force-feeding him an extra slice of pie and pinching his cheeks. He begs her to marry him. She slaps him over the head with a menu.
As it turns out, Margaery’s feelings are held by all forty of the employees currently working in the tiny Arc Technologies facility.
“It’s okay if you think it’s silly,” Steve laughs, rubbing the back of his neck. “It is kind of silly, but— well, with all this revamping of Stark Industries going on, all these critics coming after you in those fancy tech magazines— I just thought.. I don’t know, DUM-E was the first thing you ever made, right? At seventeen. You were brilliant before any of those assholes gave you the time of day, and you’re still brilliant now. Obviously.”
“I feel it,” he says, and leans forward to press a bruising kiss on Tony’s lips. They make out so long they miss their stop.
“Doesn’t make it any less worth loving.”
O'Reilly's barely visible eyebrows drew together in sudden surprise. “Excuse me?”
She leads him to a dark room that smells like one of Steve’s bath bombs. There’s a water feature with stacked up stones in the corner that stresses Tony out, for some reason. Dr. Burford walks in on him trying to yank the plug out of the wall.
“Hey, Tony?”
So Tony keeps watching.
"Thanks, Tony," Steve exhales, barely a whisper.
and he still doesn’t want to talk, but maybe they can do this for a second instead.
face.”
Rhodey ducks out of the car, takes one look around, and matches Tony grin for grin. “I thought you’d be in a tractor,” he says, and Tony tackles him into a hug, holding tight.
"Is there something I can do for you?" Tony asks, because it's too early for literally every single part of this conversation. He rubs pointedly at his straining eyes.
...well, he pauses, considering his other guests. It’s more of a 5-man death quest now. Tony can’t decide if that’s better or worse. Steve would probably say better. Tony isn’t so sure.
pathetic post-divorce things, too.”
“—Trust me; I can afford it.”
“You didn’t reply to my email.”
“I love you, too, Tony Stark.”
. Aren’t artists supposed to know all the European languages?”
“Not bad. Guess we can shut up now, if you want.”
, in spite of this, come the New Year, he’s going to... he’s going to stop—... fuck, what was he going to stop doing?
“Another save-the-date,” Sam sighs, tossing the invitation on the counter and settling into the stool next to Steve. “Aren’t people supposed to do this shit over the summer? It’s September.”
“Why not?” Steve presses, slight panic written all over his features.
“It’s Bucky. He— he’s in the hospital, he had some kind of… He was in a fight, I think, with Brock. Natasha says he’s been giving him a hard time for a while now. Following him home from work, asking where I’ve been, who I’m—” Steve cuts himself off, shakes his head and looks out the window. “He didn’t think he could tell me. Natasha says he thought if he told me, I’d give up this job and come home.”
“Jesus Christ, no, Rhodey doesn’t give a fuck about any of that! I just didn’t think she actually liked him that much!”
“No.”
“I did. I do,” Tony concedes quietly, stuffs his hands in his pockets and wets his lips. “Okay. I swear to god, Steve, I really had every intention of leaving you alone. I just wanted— wanted to do something for you, to make up for how I acted when we first met, and to thank you for being my friend over the summer. And then I got your email, and I…” He pauses, glancing up at Steve with the most heartbreakingly hopeful eyes. “I thought maybe—… I mean if I’m wrong, it’s fine. But if I'm not, then you have to know, Steve — I still have... feelings for you. Even more feelings than before, if that's possible, which I guess it is.”
Riri asks Pepper a million questions about the company, about her time at Harvard, and about what the Iron Man legacy means to her. Pepper seems humbled and a little shy at the notion she’s got such a big fan, which is ridiculous because Pepper is so amazing, why should she be surprised when the rest of the world takes notice?
Tony makes his way to where Steve is reading the paper on the couch, plopping disruptively between the V of his legs and completely ignoring Steve’s ‘hey, I was doing something’ grunt. He discards the paper moments later and settles his hands on Tony’s hips, so Tony figures it’s fine either way.
“We were out for a walk,” Steve explains, brow creased with worry and anger, “he popped his stitches. He didn’t tell me he even had stitches.”
Steve doesn’t really know what to say to that, so he just nods.
Steve Rogers really likes his life.
"Steve doesn't own as many knives as you do."
Tony yawns again, and Steve fixes him with a look of painfully gentle admonishment. It’s a testament to how fucking nuts he is these days, that this makes his heart skip a beat.
Much to Tony’s immediate horror, Steve crawls over to where he’s laying and attempts to correct his position, placing his enormous hands on Tony’s thighs in a gesture that Tony’s brain is having a really hard time identifying as platonic.
“Fair enough,” Steve concedes, smiling in that breathtakingly beautiful way of his, like he’s actively trying to give sunshine a run for its money. He leans across the table to kiss Tony, and Ruby noses around their feet in interest.
Although Tony typically makes it a point to avoid anything that could be reasonably classified as Pepper-approved self-betterment, he
Tony falls silent, working his jaw in irritation. There is logic in what Steve’s saying - there always is, that’s what makes this so hard every time - but Tony can’t work past the lingering fear that has made a home in his chest. He’s not strong enough to go through another Peter. He’s too old, too tired, and too broken, and Steve’s too in love with him to see that.
Tony takes one last noisy sip of his milkshake, and they both agree it's time to head back to the research facility. On the way out, Tony stuffs another fifty into the tip jar in a way he probably thinks is discreet, but there are three waitresses swooning in Steve’s periphery that would suggest otherwise. They walk out to the car in awkward, deafening silence, and while the ride back is filled in with a couple AC/DC tracks, the second Tony pulls up next Steve’s bike in the lot things start to get weird again.
Steve rolls his eyes but leans across the breakfast table anyways, patiently allows Tony to rifle through the hair at his forehead. There is, however, a sharp, sudden pain that makes Steve break into a light frown, drawing away from his husband just slightly.
When Tony thinks about meeting Steve, it has nothing to do with their first interaction. As far as Tony’s concerned, he met Steve three months into their professional relationship, when, at one of their press briefings, conservative pundit Franklin O'Reilly started hounding Steve about how he doesn’t show enough regard for American lives, how he’s always championing minority causes, how he’s constantly getting involved in “foreign matters” even though he’s supposed to be “Captain America”.
Tony lends Steve the private jet. Any other time Steve would resist, but today he just hands over the key to his apartment and lets Tony usher him into a car with a course set for the tarmac. Tony carefully gets into the backseat next to Steve, keeps glancing at him like he expects Steve to kick him out.
They put shirts on, and then Tony gets hungry, so Steve makes him a grilled cheese. For a while, the only sounds are the sizzle of Steve’s favorite infomercial frying pan and the insistent whistle of the wind outside. The near-silence is somehow fraught with sexual, romantic, and angst-driven tension all at once.
Being his personal assistant sounds like the worst. Job. Ever. “Admittedly, it took a while for him to grow on me, but Tony’s sweet when you get to know him. Eccentric and pretty stupid, for a genius, but sweet all the same.”
. I’m not an ageist.” He struggles to his feet, then pulls Sam up after him. His socks slide a little and they nearly careen over the edge of the couch. Steve smiles fondly and turns back to his computer screen, fingers hovering over the keys.
Tony has an early morning flight -- Tony always has an early morning flight, except these days he's inclined to actually make them on time.
Tony makes a slightly offended noise, because, hey, that's a variant on what was very recently his name, like, six months ago.
“So are you,” Steve says softly, prodding Tony’s arm as evidence. “But you did alright anyways. Look, Tony, you might not be able to stop them, but you also don’t have to help them. You tell them to leave, you really tell them you’re not interested in helping, they’ll listen. They’re smart kids.”
“This isn’t your fault,” Tony insists, looking at Steve with those wide, dark eyes. “Come on, Steve, how could this be your fault?”
Tony snorts and Steve’s stomach gives a mortified, sickening jolt. “He’s fine, I guess, but definitely not worth waking up in Brooklyn for. Come on, Rhodes. Let’s find a backdoor somewhere. If I’m gonna make it through another hour of this sappy bullshit I need a cigarette.”
(Later, Tony will think that this is just how they get, sometimes. It’s one of their Things - their terrifying, near-mythical Things that don’t make sense outside of their little sliver of the universe. They can be as safe and happy and secure as physically possible, but every now and again one of them will be struck with the terrifying notion that it’s all going to go to shit.
The priest goes off on another bit about their love, but Tony’s just staring at Steve, drinking in the way he looks. The usually unforgiving lines of his face are softened by candlelight, and he’s staring at Tony like they’re the only two people in the universe. He looks like he does when he’s just woken up, when he’s making Tony dinner, when Tony’s ruffling his hair. He looks like home.
“I think you’re smart and talented and sexy as hell. I think I like every single part of you — even the parts that kick my ass. I think it was so fucking worth it to get my heart broken by you. I’d do it again. I’d do it over and over and over, if it just meant getting to be around you. I think I’m starting to fall in—“
Steve freezes, bite of muesli midway to his mouth. He sets down the spoon. He sets down the paper. “Excuse me?”
Because there, at the center of his apartment, stands Tony Stark, a real Christmas tree, and what appears to be about fifty different garbage bags. In addition to this, there is a string of (mostly broken) Christmas lights draped haphazardly over his mantle, a truly absurd amount of mistletoe hanging from every obvious archway in sight, and a dancing Santa Figurine doing the Macarena on Steve’s kitchen table.
“Young man,” she looks down and starts going through the mail with a Garfield-themed letter opener. “I suggest you get out of here before I call security.”
Steve lets out a breathy laugh, then seems to abruptly realize where Tony’s going and says, “Do not—”
“Answer the question.”
“I’m just
Riri is completely unperturbed by Steve’s presence. She’s just as driven, determined, and prickly as always, inexperienced yet full of a kind of innovative genius even Tony doesn’t think he’d tapped into at that age. There’s something sad fueling her, he’s certain.
“It’s been fun,” Steve concedes carefully. Brock’s most recent confession about Tony still swims in the back of his mind. “You have a very nice apartment.”
“You appear to have a visitor.”
He tips the bottle against his lips, the combination of the burn of the alcohol and the whipping air bringing tears to his eyes. The drop doesn’t look so long, from where he’s standing, and he thinks it wouldn’t be any different from all the other times he’s almost died while plummeting at an alarming speed through the open air. Jumping in the actual suit, of course, would make for a far easier clean up. He pities the poor Stark Industries intern who’d have to scrape his remains off the sidewalk and throw ‘em in an urn for Pepper.
“You haven’t?” Steve croaks.
“What does that mean?”
“Hardly my first arrest,” Steve snorts, and Tony wonders if Steve thinks that’s somehow comforting. He mostly makes up for it by stepping into Tony’s space, pressing a sweet kiss in greeting to his lips.
At first, Steve doesn’t really think much of it, because these kids are weird. They use six different apps to communicate and they’re having completely different conversations on each of them. They also have hour-long discussions made entirely from meme references. He likes them, he appreciates their work, but they’re definitely weird. Assuming their strange proposal is just a symptom of being a nineteen year old in the digital age, he jots down directions from Peter, loads the binder into his messenger bag, and starts off on his bike to the address printed out for him.
Steve consults the watch strapped around his wrist, a ridiculously precise and ridiculously Swiss anniversary present from the man standing next to him. “It’s 10 PM.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve takes him to a bathtub.
“We only get to have sex after you say yes,” Tony reminds, armored fingers flexing casually.
“There is nothing wrong with your face,” Pepper intones patiently. “You’re stalling because you’re nervous.”
“I meant like— out. Like a date.”
“I’m serious,” Tony insists, biting into his cookie and smiling at the horizon. He pauses, glancing at Steve and considering his profile - hair whipping in the wind, cheeks pink from the cold, mouth resting in an easy, sturdy smile. He looks strong and serious and contemplative like he always does, but Tony knows if Steve turned his head, he’d find a sea of softness in his eyes. “That was one of the things I missed the most about you. You were always doing stuff like this for me - when you were around to, anyways. You were always paying attention.”
Steve’s locked on Tony’s eyes and Tony can read desire in the lines of his expression, knows that this is what Steve looks like he wants something but he’s determined to deny himself. Tony’s fingers loosen where they’re clasped around Steve’s shirt. The moment freezes and breaks apart between them.
This is possibly an inappropriate thought to have while said ex-husband is pushing him up against his apartment door and trying to get his hand down Tony’s pants, but Tony has admittedly never excelled at being appropriate.
“It’s gonna be a hard pass for me, on the sparring.”
He retrieves an old cookie tin, pops the lid, and draws out a small velvet box. Tony suppresses a smile at the (totally unnecessary) secrecy; Steve always got… almost childlike, around Christmas.
“I was thinking we could go back to the place we got married — the mansion upstate,” Steve starts, eyes going all warm and fuzzy. “Rent it out, but this time it’s just the two of us. And Ruby Tuesday. I know it’s a bit extravagant, but we were so busy with preparations that we never really got to enjoy the place. I really wanted to go apple picking, check out the farmer’s market—“
i'm so very fond of all my regulars on this story please come talk to me at any time on my blog quidhitch! again big thank you for seeing it through to the end! i hope you enjoyed <3
He has his back turned to Steve and seems completely focused on the hunk of red and gold metal in front of him, something Steve doesn’t even want to try and guess the purpose of. He’s also headbanging pretty hard to the music, and, at one point, pauses his scientific exploits to play a little air guitar.
“No,” Tony rubs at his eyes, like maybe he’s just been sleeping, “no, I don’t need a ride home, but — Jesus, do you have to say stuff like that?”
They pull apart and Steve’s pink all over now, but he has the most pleased expression on his face, like he’s tricked Tony into giving up something extremely valuable. Idiot. Tony
for Tony - shy, soft, eyes downcast, willing and pliant.
kale and chickpea
“Tony,” Steve interrupts, ignoring him entirely. “I definitely want to get married.”
“Not alone. Sam, Bucky, Natasha.”
“No,” Tony snorts, and means to turn on his heel and walk out of there, but he chugged someone’s drink as they were passing through the crowd downstairs, and a second wave of inebriation has started to slow his reaction time.
“Hm. You two as friends is a real bummer.”
(It’s the farthest thing from that. And later, Tony will spend hours thinking about the urgency of it— the burning Right Here, Right Now of the first time they touched. Meant to be was such a funny, stupid thought until he met Steve.)
“If they’re still not listening after today, let me know. I’ll get into direct contact with the Dean and see if I can do anything.”
Tony scowls and makes a vague gesture towards Peter. “It’s for him. He’s having a romantic meltdown.”
“Thank you,” he tries instead, though his eyes narrow slightly in suspicion. This only makes Tony smile wider, an attentive, curious glimmer flickering in his eyes. Steve will admit that he’s kind of obsessed with Tony’s eyes — so wide and big and dark that he can feign disinterest all he wants, but they’ll give away nearly everything about him. After a half second, Steve almost starts to smile, too.
“And you need to stop eating like a college student,” Steve carefully extracts the ice cream from Tony’s grip, one eyebrow raising at the absolutely decimated contents of the carton. “Is this all you’ve had for dinner?”
Steve emerges a while and a half later, to find Tony doing paperwork at the kitchen counter with his reading glasses slipped too far down the slope of his nose.
So that’s exactly what he does. The next couple hours are lost to sighs and heat and the feeling of Tony tangling his fingers in Steve’s hair, pressing fast-fading bruises along his hips, making an absolute mess of the surrounding paperwork in a way Steve will muster up the energy to feel guilty about later. Afterward, when they’re lying on the sheets, still panting, still wrapped up in each other, Tony starts talking again.
“Maybe you weren’t gonna jump,” Steve starts, though he doesn’t look particularly convinced of that, “but you weren’t exactly stepping back, either.”
“You want to go home,” Tony says again, but this time his voice is soft, open, clearly coming from a position of absolute willingness give in to Steve’s somewhat agoraphobic impulses.
“I know you don’t want to talk, and I’m sorry, I just wanted to make sure we were--”
“I love you,” Steve agrees.
Steve steps out of the truck and bounds up the front steps to the house. He looks like he’s much better at talking to Ms. Williams than Tony, which makes sense because Steve is exactly the kind of person single moms love. Ms. Williams is smiling and blushing, the most energetic Tony has ever seen her as she peeks around Steve’s frame and looks to where Tony and Riri are squished together in the front seat.
They lay in bed for a while. It's nice and Tony thinks they both need it more than they're willing to admit. This slice of time in the early morning—when Tony keeps drifting between sleep and consciousness and it's too early for anyone to expect anything of them—maybe this can just be theirs. For now, at least.
Tony pulls away entirely and reaches for his hot chocolate. He takes a small sip and tries not to feel too much like a reprimanded child. “I’m worried. There are too many kids.”
Steve nods, once, sharp. “Yeah. The last three nights we’ve been done so fast. Let’s wait this time.”
“This motherfucker,” Sam cuts in, a small, sardonic smile pushing at the corner of his mouth.
“Oh of course,” Margaery giggles and shakes her head, the chain on her reading glasses swinging back and forth with the movement. “He likes to be in on the joke, I think.” She fixes the photo with such a sweet, affectionate expression that Steve can’t help but think —
“What if he’s allergic to the flowers? Fuck, did we check his allergy list for flowers?”
Steve lets out a huff of surprise, body drawn unbearably tight even as he curls protectively around Tony. His hands rest light on Tony’s sides, mindful of the bruises from yesterday.
“I knew where it was!”
some Therapist Voice that sounds suspiciously like Bruce says in his head.
When Tony was eight, Howard and Maria were supposed to take him to Coney Island.
“Yeah, boss?”
“Now I know.”
“I missed you, too,” he says, and turns to kiss the top of Tony’s head.
Steve slows to a stop, eyes whipping up at the sound of that voice.
“We, uhhhh..... follow each other on Instagram,” Peter says sheepishly, and Tony has no idea whether or not to believe that. “Anyways, she told me you were helping with the suit and that it was getting better every day, and that there’s kind of a team forming out here, so I thought maybe since it’s a team of kids not really led by you I’d—“
Steve somehow manages to look emotionally devastated and wry at the same time. “Like what?”
They circle each other for what feels like an obvious amount of time, and when they finally meet in the middle, Tony’s ready to vibrate right out of his skin.
It’s definitely not the kind of look that makes a man want to propose.
“You trying to let an old man catch up?” Tony asks, quirking an eyebrow and curling his fingers into the front of Steve’s shirt.
“You distracted me,” Tony accuses, eyes glimmering with amusement.
“Does May know you’re here?”
“I like the walls,” Steve shrugs, knocking his knuckles against the side as if to demonstrate. “Makes me feel covered.”
The effect is immediate. Tony breaks out into a grin, one so wide he immediately tries to cover it up by smirking. “That’s real romantic,” he drawls, leaning back in.
“You ran away! The second things got hard, the second you thought I might be leaving you, you tried to leave me first! You ran away!”
“Is that what Arc Technologies is? You trying to change it?”
“How do you feel?”
“Why not?” Tony demands. “It’s perfectly legal in the state of New York, Steve Rogers.”
“Oh my god,” Steve splutters.
“Sorry.”
“I feel like the tie looks really stupid. Let’s take off the tie.”
Tony immediately expects to hate it because he's never been a little spoon kind of guy, even in his previous sexual escapades with men, but it's— well. Maybe it's different, because it's Steve. That frighteningly pale arm is familiar, he can take hold of it and trace the ridges of Steve's knuckles and know where they've been, where they're going to be.
Steve frowns at his yarn, eyes flicking briefly up to meet Tony’s. “Why did you buy a farm in the first place?”
“Asshole,” Tony accuses, and pushes off the edge of the counter, tapping at the center of his palm to re-engage the suit’s helmet.
“I don’t think you should go back down there.”
“Can you work out of New York again?”
“For letting me plant the garden,” Steve’s eyes flutter open and he turns his head to look at Tony, smiling.
“Yeah?” Tony asks, head lolling against the edge. The marble feels nice against his feverish skin. He fixes Steve with a lazy grin, hand moving idly back and forth along his tie. “What happened?”
They sit down with their backs against the front of the house, sides loosely pressed together. Tony doesn’t know what time it is - maybe four o’clock, from the height of the sun in the sky. It’s cold and he’s hungry, but he doesn’t want to move.
“Okay, hold still and I’ll take off the tie.”
“Hold on a minute, Campus Police,” Tony says, plucking a brownie out of the box with his free hand. “I haven’t been entirely convinced that this is a bad idea.”
Tony nods.
Anyways — however he came to possess said ideology, it was a staple in the part of his brain he’d dubbed the Love And Relationships corner. The first twenty-four years of his life he’d said no, no, no, not even if I was the father, not even if we were the last sexy people on earth. The only time that mentality had faltered, even for a moment, was about two years into his relationship with Pepper when he’d thought maybe. But of course he’d royally screwed that up.
“You smoke?” Tony blurts, before he can convince himself it’s a bad idea.
Steve’s brow furrows. “What the hell? That literally makes no sense, why would they just up and leave like that?”
decided that amount, and when I tried to go lower you threatened to sue me.”
This is dangerous. It feels safe, when he can see Steve and touch him, but the second he leaves for the night Tony’s filled with this encroaching dread that he’ll never come back. Tony hasn’t forgotten how to live without him, he could never, after the kind of distance they’ve endured, but he knows it’ll hurt like a mother if they ever go down that path again. At some point in the past year he’d just forgotten, forgotten about protecting himself and protecting his heart, and while he wasn’t paying attention, a familiar, long-forgotten ache kicked up in his chest. Tony thought he was too old for this kind of thing - he has grey in his hair these days, for god’s sake, he should at least be a little wiser.
“Yeah,” Tony affirms, tugging his blanket over his shoulders and rolling onto his side. His bed is warm and the desire to sink into the aimless nothingness that seems to consume him on days like this is— overwhelming, to say the least. “Yeah, I’ll catch up with you later.”
The corner of Steve’s mouth quirks in a teasing smile. “To watch the sunset?”
“There’s something wrong with my face. Pepper, what is wrong with my face? Is it the hair? Is it my nose? Does my nose look weirdly swollen to you?”
Steve thinks for a second. “I think it has Schezuan in the title?”
“I don’t know,” Steve shakes his head, and kisses Tony again. His hands are gentler as they run down Tony’s back, but no less frantic. “I just need you.”
“You went to MIT.”
Depressed Sweater turns around and they lock eyes—
Steve raises an eyebrow. “Can I...?”
Tony’s mouth twitches into a smile. “Oh, come on. That can’t possibly be real.”
So Rhodes does his spiel. Natasha attacks his logic, his choices, his life, and his friends. Rhodes gives a second spiel. His audience seems no less hostile.
The thing about Steve’s hands is that Tony used to be obsessed with them and he knows he could very easily get obsessed with them again. They’re huge and soft and Steve used to be so tactile: scraping his blunt nails through Tony’s hair and down his back, rubbing the tension out of Tony’s shoulders, tangling their fingers together under the cover of conference tables.
to. He can’t grasp at the passion or drive or will to do anything more than stare at the ceiling. He remembers feeling like this from time to time back in college, except everything’s worse now because he knows the safety of the entire universe depends on him getting out of bed.
“Why not?” Steve repeats, sounding thoroughly scandalized, as if Tony suggested they go outside and start kicking random people’s puppies. “Maybe because we’re not twenty-somethings at a liberal arts college trying to ‘find ourselves’.”
Whipping it into shape takes more time than Tony would’ve liked. There are long, grueling phone calls, and the help of one Virginia “Pepper” Potts must eventually be enlisted to get property rights all sorted out. Apparently, SHIELD technically owns the place since Tony relinquished it during the many phases of asset liquidation following Siberia. Rhodey still operates out of the compound, and so does Sam, but neither really use it to train anymore. It takes a lot of fancy lawyering to get it back under Tony’s complete management, and then it’s even more work to stock it with all the stuff this new team needs.
Steve can feel Sam’s eyes on him and he rapidly arranges his features into something wry and teasing.
“Rhodey will also be standing in the front. At the ceremony,” Tony explains, waving his hand dismissively. “You just stand next to Rhodey, who will be standing next to me.”
