He stepped out of the folds of fabric with now bare feet and crawled into the warmth of the bed. The furs were soft on his skin and he couldn’t help but run his fingers over them. He watched as Steve picked up his wedding garment from the floor.
Damn, Bucky Barnes cleaned up nice. He’d trimmed his scruff, and pulled his hair back out of his eyes with just a little bit of product, and if Tony hadn’t been sure this was a date before, he definitely knew it was one now.
Rhodes stepped forward and gave his account. “I was guarding the front doors of the Lords’ dwelling when I heard a shout from their bedroom. I made with haste up the stairs once I’d unlocked the door. I saw him grappling with Lord Steven, knife in hand, his intent clearly to harm or kill,” Rhodes said. The people looked on angrily at this news.
Maybe it was just phantom contractions. His mother had told Tony about that once. She’d had them with Tony. The midwife would be able to tell. He didn’t have to wait long before they were entering the tent in frenzy, Steve right behind them.
Bucky let out a soft laugh, and there were tears in his eyes, Steve noticed. “God, I know we would’ve been something if we hadn’t been born when we were. I was so scared of losing you, Stevie. Of you thinking I was sick, of getting arrested, taken away from you. Even if you agreed, which I thought you wouldn’t, I didn’t want to risk you. People might’ve killed you, and I…” Bucky sighed and pressed their foreheads together. Steve let himself close his eyes. This had to be a dream.
“You were gone…I thought you were dead, at first, and then I thought you were lost forever no matter how hard I searched. And Tony…he was there, this brilliant light in my life that gave me a home in a strange new world. It was easy to fall for him, even if I knew I shouldn’t have. When he and Pepper broke up…well, I was waiting. Waiting for him to heal, because I didn’t want to hurt him. I was just about ready to ask him, but then…there you were that night. In the chair, looking broken and lost, and somehow you found your way home, to me.”
He took a shaky breath as he undid the tape on his hands, left it on the floor carelessly. He never left the gym like this. He always cleaned it up, but he found himself just leaving, going back to his rooms.
The music in the workshop that was blaring went silent and there was a moment of silence as Tony listened to Friday. The man’s shoulders tensed and he put down his tools. He slowly turned to face the doors and frowned as he saw Bucky. A second later, the doors slid open and Bucky took hesitant steps inside.
No one mentioned it, though. They were all too consumed with getting back to Rogers-controlled land. Tony pushed the thought of children aside whenever he thought of it. He couldn’t afford to worry about it yet. He needed to focus on surviving the dropping temperatures as they trekked further and further north.
The creamy colored fabric was soft, hanging around him in loose folds. Even he had to admit, the color looked striking against his olive skin. His eyes betrayed his true feelings though. There wasn’t excitement shining in them, just numbness, maybe even dread.
Steve nodded, looking Tony over. He reached out and put a gentle hand on Tony’s shoulder. Tony tried not to concentrate on how warm he felt from that touch, how a lot of the anger and grief lessened just from Steve’s support.
“Fine,” Tony said, breaking himself out of his own reverie. “I’ll give him one more chance.” He looked back up at the mirror and deemed himself to look good enough. Pepper and Rhodes flanked him, as he left, walking toward the communal fires that were roaring for tonight’s feast.
“Steve? I…he just showed up. He was in pain, I fixed his arm,” Tony tried to explain. He felt his heart hammering in his chest. He had these stupid feelings for the other man, and it had gotten worse since he and Pepper had split about six months ago. Steve had never seemed interested, though. Painfully straight, Tony figured. So, he hadn’t pressed, hadn’t even given an indication.
Tony worked more in his workshop. He had an idea that had been prodding at his brain for a long while now, and he was even more determined to finish it. It was a mechanical suit of armor that snapped around him in a way that fit his body perfectly. Of course, he’d have to bring extra metal and his tools. His belly would grow and he’d need to make constant improvements.
“Tony! I know you haven’t eaten any dinner, and I figured I’d bring a pie down to you. The team is really worried that…” Steve’s bright voice came to a stuttering halt. His blue eyes were wide as he saw Bucky sitting near Tony. He dropped the pizza box in his hands.
They changed his sheets and dealt with the afterbirth, which Tony wrinkled in his nose in disgust at, but honestly he’s way too tired to even care that much. Eventually, Peter ate his fill and fell asleep as well. Tony kept him in the sling at his chest and fell into a much-needed deep sleep as well.
Natasha sighed and shook her head. “Oh, he’s acting all sweet now. Don’t let him get away with his slip!” She exclaimed as she took a sip from her own cup, eyes shining with mirth. Lord Steve grimaced a little.
Steve’s eyes widened further. “Tony! God, you’re a genius!” The Alpha exclaimed, a proud smile on his face. He suddenly felt just a little bit better about Tony being in the fight. It was evident that he was prepared, and there was obvious extra protection around his stomach.
“No mercy! And leave Obadiah for me!” Tony called to them as he readied one of his gauntlets. He’d fixed the armor to fit him again, despite Bruce’s protests that he should be in bed. Here he was, an omega, three days after giving birth, leading an army into war.
“Ready to comply,” answered a scratchy voice. A voice that was either not usually used, or one that screamed far too much. Perhaps it was both.
He hesitated before clicking on a video. A demonstration, the notes called it. He watched in horror as he saw Barnes forced into the chair, restrained there as the machine folded over his brain. The electricity started and Tony listened to Barnes scream for about thirty seconds before he was stopping the video, not able to take any more.
“Come on, don’t pay him any mind. Let’s go out to the balcony.” Tony wanted a little bit of fresh air right now, and it would be a better place to talk than the common room. Somewhere a little more private, just in case one or more of their teammates came back.
His parents were dead. His mother was dead.
“Now, with the marriage agreed upon, Steven and I will be discussing things that aren’t suitable for Omegas. You may leave,” Howard dismissed his son. Tony wanted to protest, and he could see that Steve wanted to as well, but they both wisely stayed silent. Tony nodded and quickly left the tent, heart pounding in his chest. He was getting married. And he was actually kind of excited about it.
“Thank you,” he said to the air, to the gods. He didn’t understand them, they weren’t explainable, they weren’t tangible, but he thanked them nonetheless. He knew one thing for certain. Despite their apparent blessing, he wasn’t going to rely on them. He had his suit, he had his training and he would burn anyone who tried to harm his child.
Steve looked sickened at the implications as well, so Tony took that as a good sign. “I had no idea the laws were so strict here. Stark clan is known for its prosperity. I had thought maybe they were more lenient than most.” Steve sighed and shook his head. “It’s late. And your chaperone is starting to look protective. I’ll tell your father of our agreement in the morning. No doubt he’ll be eager for the ceremony to begin as soon as possible if what you tell me is true.”
“He’s almost here, come on Tony,” Bruce told him with encouragement. Tony let out one last pained scream and pushed with everything he had. Then the air was filled with a newborn’s cries. Tony ignored the pain down his back and between his legs as he sat up quickly to see his son.
The poll of people was chosen and stood with the officials and the royal pair, slightly above the onlooking crowd. Drums were sounded as the prisoner was brought out, growling and sneering at anyone who hissed at him along the way.
There was a long silence as Tony settled into his seat. He sniffed a little as he ignored the Alpha’s presence from that point on and went to gather food onto his plate. Hell if he wasn’t going to enjoy the feast despite all of this. He could feel his father’s harsh gaze as well. He didn’t care. Howard wouldn’t dare lash out of him in front of this other clan.
Pepper blushed a bit and wrung her hands in her lap. “You may call me Pepper. I am Tony’s handmaiden,” she introduced. Natasha hummed and regarded her for another moment, clearly interested. Tony couldn’t help his grin, though he tried to hide it by ducking his head a bit.
The three of them left the lab silently, Steve following the two of them, kind of reminiscent of a lost puppy. Tony showed Bucky the floor he’d let him stay on if he chose to stay beyond a few hours. Bucky hesitated at the elevator doors. Then he reached out and gave Tony a hug, shocking both Tony and Steve quite a bit.
Bruce and the midwife gently talked to him, getting him through it. Tony bore down on the pain, and he wished, prayed, for Steve to come rushing in at the last moment. For the mission, and the war to have been that swift.
“Well? I saw you talking to the Lord and his people all night. You looked like you were having a great time,” Pepper prefaced as she got everything ready for his night. She didn’t say anything after that, knowing Tony would talk about it if he wanted.
Bucky didn’t question, just stayed silent in the hopes that Steve would elaborate. Eventually, he did. He took a deep breath, and his hands trembled a little. “It’s…a long story. But you’re right; it is about you and Tony. I guess I just never thought…I mean I saw the two of you getting closer, but I never assumed you’d…” Steve sighed again, realizing he was tripping over his own words.
“Don’t be nervous,” Natasha told him as she fitted the white and gold silks of his wedding attire around Tony’s form. “I can guarantee that Steve is more nervous than you are.” She fixed him with a small, encouraging smile in the mirror. Tony felt flattered by it. He’d quickly learned that smiles from the tough woman were hard to earn. Steve had quietly assured him that Natasha approved greatly of her soon-to-be second leader, and he could tell this just by how many times she smiled in his company.
Bucky took him to a nice little Italian place on a side street. Tony would think that Italian was a little much for a first date, but it felt right. They laughed and sipped on wine over a candle-lit dinner and it was so damn romantic, Tony almost ran for the hills because he was terrified. He was falling so damn fast and he had no control over it. He hadn’t felt like this since Pepper, and he was so scared of getting hurt again. Of yet another person leaving him.
Those were thoughts for later. For now, he was going to enjoy this first and impossible date. It was five after when Friday let Tony know that Bucky was standing outside his door. Tony nervously walked over and swung the door open to reveal an incredibly and ridiculously attractive man.
Steve wasn’t sure how that was possible, considering the ship had just been on fire and in pieces moments ago, burning and falling apart all around him and his crew.
Tony saw Clint and Rhodes take up their bows and Steve pulled his shield from his back. It was an idle thought, but Tony decided that he needed a preferred weapon of his own. A staple. For now, he dealt with the sword that was in his hand.
Tony kissed back, hands curled in Bucky’s shirt as Bucky smiled against Tony’s lips, and backed Tony up to the workbench, hands wandering. The other man was warm under his hands, muscles, softness, and slight curves in all the right places.
When he’d woken up in this strange future, he’d expected everything he’d ever known to be gone. Funnily enough, they’d turned his and Bucky’s old place into a museum, of all things. He hadn’t gone in, even to this day. It was hard enough, without the harsh material reminders. They’d sent a couple invitations to him, but he’d politely declined, and thankfully the museum hadn’t pressed.
Petals were thrown in their path as they walked by the people, the trail of small fires leading to the tent that had been prepared for them tonight. Suddenly, Tony was gripped with nervousness again.
It was so cold. Why was it so cold?
This only confirmed Tony’s fears about Obadiah wanting the throne. Now, though, with the wedding impending, there was nothing to be done. The succession was clear, especially if Tony fell pregnant soon after his and Steve’s union.
When the nooses were tied around their necks, Tony stepped out in front of them. He felt an odd sensation of glee as he realized he was the last thing they saw. A pregnant Omega, having defeated them in battle, taking his place as a leader of these people.
Howard hadn’t denounced Tony’s right to rule the clan, surprisingly, but had searched endlessly for a deserving Alpha to look over him. Of course, Tony’s attitude had chased most prospects away.
Tony reached out, and Steve felt a hand on his. It was soft, but there were a few callouses as well, no doubt from some type of work. Steve looked up in shock, and Tony seemed to realize what he’d done because he flushed a bit and took his hand away.
Later that night, Tony and Steve met with the Rogers clan council. The only two surviving members are Nicholas Fury and Maria Hill. Maria was young to be on the council board, but she was touched by the gods, had premonitions that made her wise beyond her years. It reminded Tony of the gifts the High Priest of the Stark clan had. He’d been glad to see Vision among his supporters today.
“Good morning,” Steve greeted him in return, looking beyond smitten. Tony still couldn’t understand for the life of him why he would be, but he wasn’t about to question it. This was the happiest he’d been in a long, long time. He hadn’t felt this free since he was a very small child.
“Tony…” Steve said softly, eyebrows furrowed. “We’ll put it off. Obadiah still doesn’t know we’re here. We could wait a few days…” the Lord started to say, but Tony shook his head violently.
Please be aware that there is smut in this chapter. If you're not old enough to read sexual themes, do not. Enjoy!
He wanted to scream back at his father when he heard those sour words. He knew it wouldn’t get him anywhere, though. Any kind of outward resistance would only lead to more disappointment and possible punishment.
It was late when Steve and Tony finally went to bed. Rhodey stood personal guard outside their doors, which made the Omega feel safer. Sam and Natasha were on night rounds as well, which made it even better. Tony kept a dagger on the end table and Steve had his shield propped against the nearby wall.
He set the backpack down with a soft noise and that caused Steve to turn and finally notice him. Steve took in the clothes and the bag, and Bucky’s freshly showered appearance. He turned back to the food, quickly finishing up.
In the three days that followed, Steve stayed asleep. No matter how much time Tony spent by his side, the damn Alpha would not wake up. He tried putting Peter on Steve’s chest, hopeful that the feel and scent of their son would rouse him from the coma. It was of no use.
“That was amazing,” Tony finally said, as they both became a little more clear-headed. Steve huffed a laugh and peered at him with kind blue eyes. Steve’s large hands ran over Tony’s back and over his hips. “And I really don’t want to fall asleep on your knot on our wedding night, but I think I might,” Tony admitted tiredly.
People gave their congratulations when the royal couple reemerged. Many were giving them hopeful looks as well.  Tony knew what they wanted, of course, and he wanted the same. He still had the same worry, though. Maybe he couldn’t get pregnant. Maybe he was a failure of an Omega, and these wonderful people deserved better in a Lord’s mate.
Rumlow laughed. It was a deeply unsettling sound that gave Tony some nerves. “That I do,” he chuckled darkly. Then, there was sudden movement in the crowd, uproar.
“We won’t let it come to pass,” Steve finally decided on. “We’ll end this war quickly. No more children will die because of Hydra.” God, Tony hoped that was true. He put a grateful hand on Steve’s, where it still rested on his belly. He picked up his fork and forced himself to eat.
It took a little while, but they were finally eased. The criminal’s bodies were gone, taken to a nameless grave. Tony didn’t feel the least bit bad about it, either. The gods would never find them, they’d be lost forever, and it’s what they deserved. The innocents, however, deserved full processions.
After another moment of silence passed between them, Tony looked Steve in the eye again. “You’re forgiven. I understand now that you didn’t mean it how it sounded.” It was the least he could offer. By the gods, maybe this was the best-case scenario. He got an understanding and liberal Alpha, and pleased his father at the same time.
Steve was about to speak up, to let the man know he was, in fact, awake, when he was interrupted by a soft knock at the door. A younger man peeked in, looking unsure.
“Okay,” Tony croaked out. He was shaking, still so angry. He looked over to Steve who was looking beyond relieved. “Thank you for telling me,” he added. He didn’t mention how it had taken Steve a little too long to tell him, but he was grateful that Steve had told him before Bucky had stayed here any length of time.
Anyway, enjoy the next chapter of drama town! <3
“Tony, please. You need to stay in bed. And I need space. He’s losing blood, I need to be quick,” Bruce pleaded with him, but Tony isn’t really listening. He moves closer, next to Steve’s face. The sound of their son crying seemed to stir Steve slightly.
Tony was just starting to show, his stomach rounded some and the skin of it firm. He could still cover it up though, with the large furs and some of the new pants that had been made for him. He fought off the instinct to put a hand on his belly, not wanting to give the group the knowledge if they were indeed here to attack.
“Of course, love. You can go there anytime you wish. I can clear out one of the rooms here. You can have a study for all your inventions and books of your own.” And those were the magic words. Tony grinned and immediately went to close the door, pushing Steve back toward the bed.
The council meeting took a long time. They went after dinner when most people were either still grieving or starting to get ready for bed.
At another fire not too far away, Obadiah Stane watched the intended pair with fierce eyes from the shadows. “I can’t change Howard’s mind about the union. I’ve told him, that Alpha is far too liberal, but he won’t reconsider,” Stane told Brock Rumlow, the Alpha son of one of the council members. Rumlow gave a scoff into his wine as he finished the last of it off.
Tony shifted a little, his expression going a serious again. “The Federation contacted us. They should be here within the week to pick you up…along with your crew.”
Steve stood there, looking every bit leader and Alpha. He was gorgeous, wearing the formal furs of his people. The coat he wore was white, the fur lining his shoulders in such a stunning way. He barely cared or noticed as Howard let him go. He stepped up to his intended, brown eyes connecting with blue.
It was four days until Tony saw the light of day again. On the fourth morning, he’d woken up, sore and exhausted. Steve was slumbering beside him, obviously just as tired. Tony stretched gingerly, wincing at the pain of all his muscles. His heat-addled brain hadn’t cared that rough sex would result in consequences.
“We need to gather all those willing and able to fight. We should send them through a quick training period. Two weeks, maximum.” It’s all they had time for, and it would be enough if they were striking in the night, by surprise. “Then we move for my lands,” Tony stated with decisiveness.
He didn’t, though. He kept making confident steps toward the Alpha, not averting his gaze in the slightest. No doubt his father was already angry with him, for not approaching in a demure manner.
“Young Steven has agreed to meet to discuss a possible marriage, as well as the merging of our two clans when I pass. Luckily, he just might be desperate enough to take you, considering the population of his clan is so thin,” Howard growled out.
Tony let this sink in. Barnes wasn’t straight. This was a very dangerous revelation. He shifted and cleared his throat, trying to act casual. “Yeah, it’s no big deal now. I’ve had a few trysts with a guy or three.” He was trying to just put it out there, in case Bucky didn’t already know. His exploits were common knowledge to most, but the Soldier undoubtedly never bothered to read the gossip rags. He loved women, usually preferred them honestly, but he had an appreciation for an impressive male form for sure.
“It doesn’t change our plans, though,” Brock told him, keeping his voice low so the real supporters of Stark didn’t hear. “We track their tactics, memorize the guard shifts. Then we strike. The war will be over before anyone lifts a blade.”
“Do you want me here, love? I can leave you be, or you can have me,” Steve said softly as he led Tony up the stairs. It wasn’t until Tony was sitting in the furs that he gave thought to question that Steve had asked.
When he’d woken up in this strange future, he’d felt so lost. Bucky was still gone, Peggy was old and her memory frayed. It hurt Steve to see her like that. She’d been so strong, she deserved so much more.
Tony leaned into his Alpha’s touch and just let himself enjoy the feeling of being cared for. He usually hated Steve getting overly protective, determined to protect himself, but tonight had been harrowing. It made the Alpha feel good to be protective, so he let him have it.
Steve had found a new light, a new reason, a new home. All in one man. Of course, Steve knew he couldn’t have Tony either. Despite knowing the genius wasn’t opposed to men sharing his bed, Tony had been so damn happy with Pepper. Steve wasn’t the type of man to break something like that up for his own selfish gain.
When Tony and Pepper had ended things, Steve had felt like the worst kind of person for being happy. Tony had been devastated, and Steve wasn’t sure he deserved him, for finding some sort of glee and hope in the pain of Tony and Pepper’s ended relationship.
It was beautiful. There were small fires burning in little, decorated circles along the ground, making a clear pathway to the dais. All of the people were dressed in their formal best and stood around, waiting patiently and eagerly. There was a quiet murmur as he stepped out, people vying to catch a glimpse of him.
Tony was shocked for a long moment before he reached down and touched Brock’s shoulder. “Rise,” he told the Alpha gently. “I have to confess, I did not expect you to be among my supporters,” Tony said with some trepidation in his eyes.
Wanda nodded and allowed him to step away. She turned to Rumlow again, her gaze a fierce red again. Tony made a note not to get on her bad side, ever. “And you. Do you have a defense?” She asked lowly.
When they finally got back to the tower, Tony was waiting in the common room. He was so damn nervous that he could hardly keep still as he tried to focus on the designs for Natasha’s new Widow Bites on the StarkPad he held in his hands. Waiting was torturous, and he wanted to just go get his suit so he could track down both super soldiers and bring them back. Bucky had told him to wait, though. After searching a few blocks and not finding any sign of Steve, not even a lead, Jarvis let them know that there was a sighting of the Captain in Brooklyn. Many people had snapped quick pictures of him on his bike, then a few more as he walked down the street on a very familiar road.
“Thank you,” Steve said quietly. Tony tensed a little and then nodded sharply. He stepped back, making Steve’s hand fall away, and then he turned, not looking back at Steve as he left.
So, no, he hadn’t wanted to stay, but he was so exhausted, and the bed had been so inviting. He’d fallen asleep and only woken up when the sun’s rays filtered in through the modern glass windows. Bucky sighed as he opened his eyes, sat up and took in his surroundings in the daylight. The apartment was clean, nice, obviously filled with quality furnishings. Stark had the money, he knew. The one thing he liked about it most though, was how blank it was. Like it was just waiting for a person to make it theirs.
Steve shrugged. “I can’t tell you what it looks like now, obviously.” One hundred years, he reminded himself mentally. “But…you have a sharp mind, and you’re clearly one of the top thinkers on your own planet. I’m sure you’d thrive,” he answered with a soft look in his eyes.
The ship had lurched out of warp drive, leaving them in the middle of uncharted space. It had happened so quickly, that Steve wasn’t even sure of the cause.
The Rogers clan was built very differently to the one of Tony’s childhood. He marveled at the stone buildings and had to stop himself from jumping off his horse to examine the structures. In the south, it was hot, so they mostly lived in tents to allow for cool breezes. They had to move a lot too, shifting to different parts of the land when their crops had made the fields useless.
“Well, look who knows how to use doors, after all. Miracles do happen, you know.” Tony tried to tease, to lighten the air, but Bucky could see how tense he was still. He was upset, not that Bucky blamed him at all.
So, when he’d taken the reigns of the horse Steve offered him, and swung his leg over, earning a smattering of gasps from the onlookers, he’d just grinned. He was amused at this point, all these small-minded people realizing that there was a world outside of their stupid closed-off views. That there were people out there, whole clans, that lived by entirely different laws.
I have edited the tags to include the warning of minor character death.
His vision whited out for a moment from all the sensation, and the next thing he knew, the two of them were situated comfortably on their sides, Steve’s powerful arms wrapped protectively around him as the Alpha nuzzled against him. Tony shifted a little and gasped when the knot that connected them tugged slightly. Steve grunted and kissed Tony’s shoulder.
“He wasn’t pulling your leg about what? That I’ve been in love with you for years? That every time you came down to my lab, I would fantasize that it would be the time that you’d finally ask me for coffee?” Tony asked, a small private smirk on his lips as he watched Steve’s blue eyes widen.
Following the announcement, people devolved into celebrations. Though there was some trepidation over the fact that some would have to relocate, it was largely pleasant news. Tony felt relief when he was finally off of the dais and back at the fire with Steve and his people.
“Tony…you being in heat doesn’t waver your consent. I’m your mate, it’s true, but you can be alone. It’s every Omega’s right to refuse during their heat. It’s every Alpha’s right to refuse during their rut. You must know this,” Steve said a little desperately. When Tony just looked even more confused, Steve did all he could to rein in the anger for Tony’s childhood clan.
He leaned over slightly to kiss the top of Steve’s golden head before getting out of bed carefully. He went about getting a bath prepared, throwing simple clothes on to access the well behind their dwelling and brought in buckets of water. On the third bucket, Steve was awake and he frowned as he saw Tony carrying it in.
“We have to stop this. I won’t let these people get away with ruling on my father’s land. Our land,” Tony said very seriously. “Whatever we have prepared, it has to be enough. Obadiah won’t wait any longer once this news gets to him. He’ll come in full force. And I’d rather be the one to surprise him.” Tony looked up at his husband to see if the other Lord agreed.
Tony heard Steve draw in a long breath as blue eyes raked over his form. “You’re so beautiful. Like the gods crafted you with special care,” Steve said in a low, reverent voice. Tony tried his best not to blush from the compliment and Steve’s intense gaze.
Still, he worried. What if he was barren? He knew that this clan didn’t hold Omega’s usefulness in their ability to bear children, but it would still feel like a defeat. And it would be a drawback in keeping Obadiah and his ilk off the throne. Perhaps, if Tony truly was infertile, he could convince Steve to take in a wayward child and claim they were legitimate.
He would have to finish leading this war on his own.
“Okay, let’s see what we have here. It will all be fine, my Lord. You just have to remain relaxed,” the midwife said in a calm, Beta tone. It immediately brought his tensions down. Steve was a ball of nervous Alpha anxiety beside him, so the calming voices and scents of the two Betas helped quite a bit.
The last thing Tony needed was for him to be secretly in love with someone else. He couldn’t do that to his friend. Not after Pepper, not after everything Tony had been through and lost. He wouldn’t be one of the people to betray him.
Steve was, of course, oblivious to Tony’s inner thoughts about how wonderful he smelled, which the Omega was infinitely glad for. “No, it needed to be discussed. Though, I do wish he’d let you stay. You need to know the information as well. I’ll pass it along to you,” Steve said as he took an offered cup of wine from Sam with a smile. Tony was still in awe that Steve wanted him to know the details of the alliance. He tried to take it in stride, though. It seemed as though he should quickly get used to having more rights than he’d grown up with.
“All right, buttercup. I’m gonna open these access panels. Promise not to get jumpy?” Tony asked him as he scooted closer. Bucky nodded firmly, looking straight ahead. Tony let his hands go to work, pressing and unscrewing tiny pieces to the arm to get it to open. It was a tangled mess. All jammed and split wires. Tony tutted. “What the hell did you do to this thing?” He asked, not expecting an answer. There wasn’t one.
But the possibility was there. It was undeniable, now. Tony was carrying Steve’s child.
But in the middle of his grief, he’d met Tony.
Tony started to cry in earnest. “Please, Steve. Don’t leave us. Don’t you dare do this to us,” he said with a wavered voice. “You hear me, Alpha?” Tony demanded of his husband, but Steve didn’t stir again.
Oh, seven hells.
“How may I help you, Sargent?” The light Irish lilt asked. Bucky liked the voice; it was soothing. Apparently, there had been a British male personality before her that Ultron had destroyed. He was told it was a sensitive topic and to not bring it up around Tony especially.
The bed frame was still pushed in the corner, though the mattress was gone. Steve remembered Bucky’s ma coming over to give them blankets she’d knitted, wrapping them around Steve when he was deliriously sick with fever.
“Obadiah!” Tony shouted angrily over the noise of war. The old man looked up from his fight and stalled when he saw the suit barreling toward him. There was confusion on his face. Tony remembered then that Obadiah wouldn’t know about the suit, he wouldn’t know that it was Tony inside of it.
Also, I kinda love the idea of Steve and Bucky's old place being a museum/historical monument. It's always portrayed as having been torn down, but to me, I guess that doesn't seem super realistic maybe? I mean, they were famous, even during the war, and then they were war heroes who lost their lives in battle, so idk, I think maybe their apartment would've been preserved.
“We have other things to discuss,” Maria Hill spoke up, her eyes slightly glazed over as the gift the gods had given her worked. They looked at her, waiting for her to tell them what it was that she was seeing.
The midwife made quick work of the chord that attached them. Tony’s heart melted as he saw the boy’s face. He was instantly in love. Bruce swaddled him after cleaning him the best he could. He handed the boy to Tony and the omega let out a soft sob.
Bucky seemed to sense his fears at the end of the night. The super soldier reached over the table and took Tony’s hand in his. “Something’s wrong,” Bucky said lowly. It wasn’t a question; he knew Tony was thinking something. They’d been having such a good time, talking and laughing and flirting over pasta and the restaurant’s best merlot.
“Oh, fishing for compliments are we?” Tony teased back, again feeling the rush of being able to speak to an Alpha so casually. Tony hummed, inwardly calming himself down. “I suppose you aren’t half-bad to look at,” he said with a smirk. That got another tingling laugh from Steve and Tony realized at that moment that he was not going to be able to stop this.
He finally stood and stretched. Pepper smiled at him from the hearth as she fixed his breakfast. His new outfit for the day was folded over a chair and Tony stumbled to it so he could put it on.
Steve was gone before Bucky could get a word out. He hummed, a bit of a frown replacing his happy and teasing smile. He turned back to Tony, who was reaching for a mug of coffee but looked a little worried too.
Tony looked at Steve’s face in awe. Had that been the gods answering him through his husband’s dream? It felt too uncannily like an answer to his prayer. Tony’s faith had never been strong. He had always been too concerned with science and logic to attend temple gatherings.
Steve, however, was staring at the other man. “Thank you,” Steve offered him, even if he didn’t agree with the sentiment Tony gave him. He took another rattling breath as he looked around the room again.
“He will not have our lands. Our people won’t be subjected to his tyranny. This is a declaration of war,” Tony said, voice surprisingly steady despite the utter anguish in his heart. There was a clamor from the people who had heard him, largely agreement.
They were getting closer too. As much as Tony was trying to fight it because frankly, it was terrifying, he was starting to actually like Barnes. And not in the friendly way that everyone else was starting to like him. Thoughts of Barnes kept him up at night. Those gray-blue eyes that had been getting softer and softer as time went on, the harshness of the Soldier getting stamped out just by being around loved ones, around friends.
That is, until one night, when the clan was silent save the guards making their rounds.
“Then we strike now, quick and by surprise, on his ground. He won’t be expecting it,” Maria offered, looking between the other leaders. Tony hummed in agreement, considering their possible options.
Tony would die, Steve would die, and their child would die. He’d spit in honor’s face to prevent that. Besides, Obadiah certainly had no honor. Murdering his parents in their bed. Sending his men to murder innocent children in Steve and Tony’s streets. No, this group did not deserve any graciousness.
“This entire war, the whole point of it! It’s all based on Omegas being inferior. They think I’m not fit! They think I can’t fight because I can carry children! I’d be proving their point!” Tony finished with an angry shout. Steve stared at him a moment before sighing heavily.
He needed a drink.
“Do you have any last words?” Tony asked them coldly. The executioner stood by, hand on the lever, getting ready to pull it and send all the Alphas to their grisly fates. He would wish that the gods were watching over them, except he rather hoped they weren’t.
He finally rushed over to them, all the while shedding his armor. He left the pieces carelessly on the ground, not caring about anything except his family at that moment. “You’re awake! Gods, I worried that I’d never see you awake again!” Tony said quickly.
Steve felt his world crash around him yet again. 2365? That was impossible. How could he have survived in the ice of the meteor for that long? The year of the crash had been 2268, from what he remembered.
“Look at you,” Tony said with a mocking tone. “Useless Alpha, on his knees in front of a pregnant Omega.” He pressed the knife in harder, drawing more blood and Rumlow growled while making a choked noise.
The two weeks came and went, and Tony grew even heavier with child. He tried his very best not to pout about his newly acquired waddle. He was six months along now, and it showed. But he didn’t stop the training. He could feel that his son was strong, that his son wanted to fight along with him. The person his son was going to be would want to fight as well.
Tony worked as quickly as he could while still being careful. An hour went by, silence filling the room before Tony finally fixed the last of the mess and the arm whirred, as healthily as it could. Bucky sighed, obviously in relief as most of the pain left him. Tony looked at his face for a moment. Bucky was still handsome, but his face was different than the WWII photographs and footage. It was haunted, dark. Older. Tony made quick work of closing the arm back up.
Across the way, where Tony’s childhood clan was still getting settled in, Brock Rumlow watched them with a cool, calculated gaze.
He felt the press of Steve against him, and then his Alpha was sliding into him. Tony gasped and went a little rigid at the new feeling. His new mate immediately stilled, looking down at the Omega to make sure he was okay. Tony took a deep breath and forced himself to relax before nodding. “It’s okay. Please, I want you,” Tony assured him, honesty burning in his brown eyes.
Pepper let Tony gather his thoughts for a little while longer as she put a few golden bangles on his wrists. “We have to go now, Tony. He’s expecting you,” Pepper said with a hint of regret in her voice.
It was two solid hours before he heard the elevator ding and two sets of steps behind him. Thor was off-world, Natasha and Clint had gone in for some SHIELD work, Vision and Wanda were on a date (which, honestly, he was still trying to wrap his head around that), and Sam was visiting the VA. So it had to be the two super soldiers. He quickly turned around to look at them, and he almost breathed a sigh of relief as he saw them holding hands, fingers laced together. He smiled, tentative but hopeful as he stood up and put his StarkPad aside.
Steve laughed along with his mate and sat on the bed next to the Omega before wrapping him up in his arms. He kissed his cheek and gave a tired sigh. “I will not let anything wicked happen. I’ll lay down my life before I let any harm come to the both of you.”
Bucky really had once loved Steve. Still did, in fact, even with this budding thing with Tony. Though, he knew that Steve saw him as a friend, a brother. He’d been so in love with Peggy, during the war, and Bucky had tried not to let that hurt. He’d figured it served him right, after going dancing with so many girls as they grew up instead of admitting his feelings to Steve. He’d been a coward, afraid of Steve’s hatred and afraid of being put in jail, maybe even killed.
Rumlow regarded him for a moment. “Indeed. Hail Hydra,” he spoke quietly. Obadiah raised his wine glass to the words and took a sip, his steely gaze still on Tony.
Steve groaned above him and started a slow pace, but eventually got quicker with it once he noticed that Tony was more than relaxed. Tony let himself melt, legs open and back arched for his mate. It was so incredible, nothing at all like some of the horror stories from other Omegas he’d heard about.
“It wasn’t you. I can see that now. You don’t have anything to worry about. You can stay here to recover,” Tony said, trying desperately to keep his voice even. Bucky let his boots make heavy noise as he moved even closer to the genius, not wanting to startle him. He paused near the table, still staring at the other man.
Steve gave him a long look as if he was thinking through what to say in his head before he said it out loud. In fact, that was probably what he was doing, after earlier today. “I do not wish for you to be forced into this,” Steve said seriously. “I want your full consent. If we’re to mate, I don’t want you to be unwilling.”
No. No, no, no. Steve let out a pained noise and he tried not to cry, but he couldn’t help it. Tears rolled down his cheeks as he sobbed. His heart turned to ice, cold like he’d remembered feeling before he woke up.
Steve looked placated by this and climbed in after his Omega. Tony immediately reached for his Alpha, the scent of him only making his heat settle in faster. It was going to be a long few days, but Steve being near him would certainly help.
Tony hadn’t been surprised. “He’s always been a supporter of my father and Obadiah’s harsher laws against Omegas. He would never follow me,” Tony told him. Nick looked sick at that thought, but let it go for now.
The Omega threw his hands into the air in frustration. “You’re not getting it! Even now, you have no clue how they see me! How they see all Omegas! We’re like cattle! They won’t see me staying here to lead as a positive thing.” He moved closer to Steve, seething. “They murdered my mother. They murdered children of our clan. I want to see the light flicker from Obadiah’s eyes myself. I want to be the one to do it. And it’ll be all the sweeter if I do it in my final months of carrying our son. Or perhaps with him swaddled to me.”
“Good morning, future Lord,” Clint greeted him with a grin before leaning over to rotate some meat they were cooking over the fire. Tony felt flattered at the greeting. He’d been groomed to be a Lord all his life, or at least the mate to a Lord, but to hear it and be excited about it was something he hadn’t expected.
He stumbled back to his room, found his bed and willed himself to sleep, ignoring the tears on his lashes and the cuts and bruises on his knuckles.
He makes himself look away because really the young man’s face is devastatingly beautiful, but he needs to find out more. “And this…S.H.I.E.L.D. This planetary government found me in the asteroid, right?” Steve asked, wanting to clear up all the details.
This wasn’t medical on the USS Commando. The equipment in and around him wasn’t even Star Fleet issued.
Tony looked a little shifty, but he didn’t pull his hand away. “I…I don’t want to bring the tone of the night down. This has been great, although I have no idea why you’d be interested in a 47-year-old who’s been around the block more than a few times,” Tony admitted with a sour laugh.
“My mind’s eye saw our son in one of those small graves today. I couldn’t help it. I’m terrified of that coming to pass,” Tony admitted. Steve’s hand stilled for a moment, and he could tell what he’d said had hit hard. The Alpha was letting it sink in, wondering what was best to say in response.
Once he parted the tent door’s rich red fabric, the voices stopped, and eyes were turned towards him. Steve and Howard were sat at the round meeting table, parchment spread around them. Steve smiled softly as he saw the Omega, and his eyes definitely dipped for an appreciative glance as well. Not that Tony particularly minded the wandering gaze.
“Thought I might find you here.” A voice spoke up from behind him. Steve almost thought it was part of his reverie, like it was Bucky from before the war, talking to him as he got back from a job at the docks.
He lifted one of his gauntlets and fired one of his arrows straight between the man’s eyes. The body slumped to the ground, still and inanimate. Tony turned to the other prisoner, who now had the decency to look at least a little frightened by Tony and his invention.
“Do you…do you mind if I stay down here with you?” Bucky found himself asking. He wanted a little company, but he didn’t want to talk to Steve right now. He had a feeling Tony felt the same way, hence why he had locked down his lab from visitors.
There was a tense silence, much like the last hour or two of this night had been. Bucky looked downright flighty. He very obviously wanted to run, not comfortable around Steve quite yet. Tony could tell Bucky knew, deep down, inherently, that Steve was good, that Steve meant safety. But he was probably feeling guilty too. There were a lot of charged emotions between them.
“The Rogers clan, from the North. Their numbers have severely dwindled after a recent plague. It claimed the life of their Lord, Joseph Rogers. His Alpha son has only been Lord of their clan for a few years,” Howard told Tony, who actually did listen for once. The Rogers clan. He’d heard of them, but the Starks didn’t usually come into contact with them. They weren’t an enemy but they weren’t allies either.
“Tony, you should have woken me. You’re in no state to be doing anything like that,” Steve admonished softly as he went to take the heavy bucket from him. Tony scoffed but let the Alpha do it. No doubt Steve would be on high alert, protective of his mate, as Alphas usually were after an Omega’s heat.
“Don’t. Don’t you dare do that again. You know I forgive you. You know that it wasn’t you, that it wasn’t your fault,” Tony said, his face incredibly somber and serious. Bucky took a shaky breath and broke their eye contact, looking unsure.
All Alphas thought the same. They all saw Omegas as property. Best-case scenario, they saw them as people whose only duty should be mothering children for their legacies.
They grated against each other in the worst ways at first. Steve had thought that he’d gotten the worst parts of his father. Then, the walls Tony fought so hard to keep up started to crumble away, and Steve got to know the true heart of Tony Stark.
Tony cursed loudly and punched his table, his breathing wavering as he tried to get a hold of himself. It took a long time until he could click on the next one. He didn’t want to see it, but he needed to understand.
Steve hummed and smiled as he took Tony’s hand in his, threading their fingers together. It felt so natural. They slotted together perfectly. Tony felt love bloom in his chest. “Well, then. Let’s get to packing. If we rush, we could be on our way by week’s end.”
“I…am sorry. For your loss,” Tony began in a soft tone, not quite meeting Steve’s gaze. “I know you probably inferred this, but you are the only survivor. What…what remains of the USS Commando and her crew are being extracted from the asteroid and preserved.” Tony looked up at him, hoping the information wasn’t too harsh.
Tony sighed and smoothed over the soft fabric of his outfit. “He is handsome. And a good, kind leader, I hear,” Pepper offered after a brief moment of silence in the tent. Tony turned saddened eyes on her. If even she was thinking it was a good idea that was saying something. Pepper was someone he could talk to about anything. Being an Omega herself, she knew the troubles and tribulations their sub-gender went through. She knew how grossly treated they were, more than most.
Steve had managed to convince Tony that he should travel on a carriage or horse the whole way, at the very least. Tony had begrudgingly agreed to that much. He got on his horse and looked at his new home. He hoped to be back here before winter fully settled in, though if they won, maybe it would be smarter to be in the southern lands. The child would have a better chance at survival there.
“Steve.” Was the one word answer that came from Bucky, his eyes still cold, but a bit of warmth in them now. Tony let out a shaky breath.
The union also promised more lands for their future generations, among many other benefits that were hard to ignore. It was no surprise that a large majority were in favor of this marriage.
Steve fumbled a bit. He did indeed have a couple mugs in his hand, as well as a pizza balanced on the other, having no idea that Tony and Bucky had just been to a restaurant. No bother, Bucky would easily eat the whole pie later. Steve walked over and set them down. “I can…go. I mean. I actually have to go. I just wanted to bring this down. Tony forgets to eat,” Steve stammered a bit. That comment earned Steve a light huff from said genius, but it was fond.
“Just about.” Not all were so bad, of course, but it was ingrained in them that Omegas weren’t worthy of the same things as Alphas. They had no other viewpoints to base off of.
The tent fell silent, as it was just the three of them inside. Tony heard the shifting of guards outside. He heard Sam’s voice speaking to whoever was sharing his watch with him. Good, he was probably with Clint or Natasha then. He felt safer knowing they were on watch.
Tony lifted the faceplate of his armor and he saw their looks of shock and disgust at being bested by a heavily pregnant omega. Tony just smirked at them, relishing it. “You have no idea how satisfying it is to see you in defeat like this. You had no idea we were here, did you? We’ll be able to sneak right into the clan, and your oppressive regime will be finished in a single night,” Tony said to them, venom in his voice.
“I’m sorry. I…should’ve asked if you wanted to come to,” Steve said finally, his voice sounding a bit raw. It didn’t feel real, standing here like this. It all felt like a fever dream. Maybe this was all one elaborate delirium, and Steve would wake up small and shaking. He’d be sweating as Bucky wrapped his arms around him for more heat, hoping to break the fever.
“Not you too! He is not my Alpha! I’m not marrying that Lord, no matter what anyone says is required of me,” Tony said with an affirming nod as he crossed his arms over his chest stubbornly.
“The gods tell me we have conspirers in our midst, although they are being surprisingly unhelpful with specifics. We need to keep our vigilance,” she said and her eyes slowly cleared again. Tony frowned at that information.
The Vision waited a moment for the crowd’s quiet talk to settle, before moving on. If he knew that Tony was on the same step as Steve, he didn’t mention it. Sacred blessings and prayers to the gods were made, all of them bowing their heads before the ceremony started.
The more he read, the more his stomach dropped, the sicker he felt. There were instructions, words on how to get the Asset to comply. That’s what the Soviet notes called Bucky. The Asset. He wasn’t even human to them.
Thank you all for reading!
“It’s not…I’m happy for you both. Really, I am. It was just…a shock, that’s all,” Steve tried, giving a bit of a half-truth. It had been shocking, seeing them, but it wasn’t as casual as that. Bucky didn’t look convinced either. There wasn’t any fooling Bucky; Steve knew that. They’d known each other for too long.
He heard nearby people give a cheer and Tony grinned proudly under the mask of his armor. The battle raged, and luckily, it seemed that Obadiah’s men were outnumbered again. This had been a scouting crew. Obadiah hadn’t actually known where they’d set up camp. No doubt the Alpha traitor was just being cautious, sending guards to check the surrounding areas.
He looked terrified for a moment before he seemed to snap out of it. “Guilty!” He shouted and then looked surprised that he’d admitted such a thing. “I’m guilty of the charges,” he said this in a quieter voice. There was a collective gasp among the people.
“Tony, you know you need to make nice with the people. They’re all going crazy out there with this visit. Your new Alpha is quite a charmer,” Rhodes said with a snort. Pepper hid a bit of a smile as Tony made an angry noise at that.
“Finding me? Where am I? Where’s my crew?” Steve asked, firing off a bunch of questions once his head and voice were both a little clearer.
Howard shifted and gathered some notes. “Tony, I’ll send a nurse in now that he’s awake again. Feel free to catch the Captain up on…well, everything,” the man instructed. He probably sensed that Steve preferred the company of his son.
Tony had been right about the trail being easier this time around. They had plenty to eat, plenty to drink. The warm weather was helpful as well. They hadn’t needed to pack as many heavy furs with them since the June air was so agreeable. And it seemed every day they traveled, it only got nicer, warmer, and even a little hot sometimes in the midday sun.
Things only got better when his heat hit. Normally, his heat infuriated Tony. He was reduced to everything he hated about his subgender. He became everything Alphas said Omegas were. Desperate, incapable of caring for themselves, hosts for making children.
“I was, most of the time. She was good to me. Good for me. I just…wasn’t good for her. She doesn’t deserve this life we lead. The Avengers. Fighting other people’s battles all the time, risking our lives. I put her in so much danger because of Iron Man. I guess neither of us could live with that for any longer.” Tony admitted all of this and shrugged.
A lot went through Tony’s mind in that moment. The grip was gentle, first of all; obviously not meant to incapacitate Tony, just stop the wrench from meeting its goal. The goal being the intruder’s face. The second thing he noticed was, well, the shining metal hand that had actually caught him. There weren’t too many people with metal hands. Tony let his eyes flicker up, and yep, that’s what he’d thought.
He pressed a hand to his stomach, feeling dread sweep through him. This meant war. There was no other answer. Tony wouldn’t let Obadiah take Steve’s lands; he wouldn’t let Obadiah take what was theirs and use his rule to keep Omegas under his thumb. His child would not grow up like he had. He didn’t care what the child was. He would not let Obadiah’s influence touch them.
Steve shook his head. “It’s terrible. I don’t understand how they could shut down an entire third of their population. Our bodies work differently, but our minds are the same.”
“Congratulations to you and Lord Steven,” Brock said as he looked up to the other Alpha and bowed at him as well. The Rogers clan immediately moved to help the supporters, housing them and their horses. They had space, that’s for sure. The plague that wiped out a large number of their population left houses and barns uninhabited.
Rumlow grimaced at her. She was an Omega as well, and Tony knew that High Priestess would never be granted to an Omega in the Stark clan. “I will not answer to you, whore. You are no speaker of the gods. You do not deserve your station,” he spat at her.
One calm night, a month into their travel, he finished a final touch on his suit and let it cool on a foldable workbench (something that he had invented). He put his hand on his stomach and sent out a silent prayer. Please, protect my child. I want a good life for him.
They’d arranged this beforehand. If an uprising were to be had, if a group was to flee, a few select Alphas dedicated to Hydra and Obadiah would leave with them, infiltrate.
On the fourth day, when the announcement was finally made, and people scrambled to see the arrival party, Tony felt nauseous. His handmaiden, Pepper, quickly grabbed him and pulled him back into his tent.
Steve’s jaw clenched, and it was so very obvious he wanted to protest, but he didn’t for now. They shared a look that meant this conversation wasn’t over. Fury and Maria had fallen silent as they observed the disagreement but wisely didn’t offer input.
He should have known it wouldn’t last.
Rumlow chuckled darkly and spat at Tony’s feet. Tony didn’t recoil at all as he stood his ground. “You aren’t fit. Look at you, barefoot and pregnant and useless. You think you could fight a battle, or lead your people with a clear head in your condition?” Rumlow spat out.
“Might want to be careful for the next fifteen minutes or so,” came the Alphas warm timbre. Tony hummed and settled his leg over Steve’s hip. He felt drowsy now, but he didn’t want to fall asleep. He wanted to enjoy this. He let his hands roam along muscled arms and shoulders, Steve letting out a deep, contented Alpha rumble at the contact.
Howard seemed to think this over for a moment before nodding. “Yes, of course. Rhodes will be a loss in our ranks, but I know you are good friends. He will be assigned as your personal guard,” Howard agreed easily enough and Tony felt relief wash over him. He even offered his father a slight smile.
The asteroid was hurtling closer at a rate far too rapid to avoid it, especially with all of their systems down. They were going to crash; rather it was going to crash into them. It got larger and larger as it neared them; their only visual of it was through the glass.
They hadn’t really talked about names. They’d been so preoccupied with everything else; the conversation had never really come up. Now, though, they had to decide. It was happening whether they liked it or not.
Tony smiled even more so at the comforting words. He did not feel safe at this moment, not by any means. But word from the gods did help settle his pounding heart and churning stomach. He felt their son give a kick. “Oof,” Tony exclaimed, startled, and then he laughed. “He is ready to fight our attacker as well,” Tony told his husband with an amused tone.
He sat down and rested, but he didn’t stop looking over to Bruce working frantically to save his husband’s life.
“Good morning,” Pepper greeted as Tony slid the silk over his head. It was a rather warm day, like most days in the south. The nights got cold here, but the days were usually warm enough that most people wore thin, draping fabrics. Especially omegas, whose usual dress consisted of things like Tony was wearing now.
He felt a warm hand on his face and it lifted his gaze back up. “Don’t be nervous, Tony. If you aren’t ready, we can wait. We barely know each other, I know it can’t be easy for you,” Steve said quietly. The sentiment was so sweet, that Tony could’ve cried for the second time that night. Would he wait? What other Alpha would allow their Omega to choose something like that?
He slowly made his way up and noticed most of the other apartments were closed off to the public. It was an old building and not a very large museum. No doubt they didn’t have the money to renovate the whole thing. People stared as they passed him on the stairs, and seemed to part like the red sea. Steve tried his best to ignore it.
(See the end of the chapter for
Howard looked pleased with that answer. “Yes, of course. While I don’t necessarily approve of his Head of Guard, he’s still a good match,” Howard spoke for a moment like Steve wasn’t there. Tony could tell that bothered the young Lord if the slight clench of his jaw was anything to go by. Luckily, his father hadn’t noticed.
He saw the man’s cocksure smirk fall from his face.
Bucky didn’t want to remember the past, not right now at least. The memories hurt, and he wasn’t sure what was real and what wasn’t. Right now, he wanted to heal and make a future. And this beautiful man, who was forgiving him against all odds, seemed like a very good place to start in Bucky’s mind.
Tony swallowed harshly, closing his eyes and taking a deep, shuddering breath. He nodded finally and opened his eyes, determination now set in them. He wasn’t going to be a defenseless, scared Omega. He was going to be himself, and if any luck in the world existed, the Alpha would run screaming.
“Public space? You allow everyone?” He asked, even though he already knew the answer. Of course, he did. Steve fixed him with a soft look, and there’s some sadness to it as well. Tony knew that Steve hated the fact that his Omega had suffered such a loss of rights.
It was something he needed now, though, he thought. He needed to center himself, to put himself back in that place all those years ago. It was something that he and Bucky disagreed on, he knew. Sometimes thinking of the past helped Steve, whereas Bucky would rather move on. Steve understood, of course.
Steve was silent for a moment, fingers running over the iron metal. “Tony, it’s amazing,” he said. Tony grinned and did a quick turn around, the sound of gears working around his body softly filling the room.
The two religious leaders led the ceremony. Quiet sobs filtered through the air as the caskets were lowered into the ground and the Priest and Priestess spent a time over each one. Candles flickered and somber music played, a soft flute that seemed to capture the people’s sorrow in song.
“Friday, put the curtains back,” Bucky asked of the AI quietly. The room was put back in relative darkness and soon enough he heard Tony’s soft snores again. Last night had been wonderful, Tony so beautiful underneath him. Bucky grinned as the memories came back to him, how Tony had arched and moaned so gorgeously.
“Rhodey,” Tony whined the nickname of his best friend. “Please, don’t make me go. Tell them I’m unwell,” he tried on last desperate attempt to somehow get out of all of this. James Rhodes looked at him with a look that was half-stern and half-amused. Rhodey was a beta and one of the higher-ranked warriors in his father’s army. If he’d been an Alpha, there might have been a chance that Howard would’ve married them, despite the fact that Rhodes didn’t have a royal or privileged background.
Bucky definitely didn’t miss how close Tony was pressed against him as they rode back to the tower. He was glad the helmet hid his blush. The full visors were meant to protect their identity on the busy New York roads, but it was also good for playing it cool, as it turns out.
It was so silent, and Steve almost didn’t want to concentrate on his surroundings. He finally did and he almost choked on his emotion. There were a lot of original furnishings, and Steve had to wonder how in the hell they’d managed to keep them standing all these years. They’d barely functioned as fixtures in the 30’s and 40’s.
“Surrender, and I’ll make your execution swift. Retaliate further, and you’ll be dragged to the North by your feet,” Tony said through clenched teeth. Obadiah was silent for a long moment. Tony waited, not knowing if this meant that the Alpha would give up.
Steve gave a groan and cracked open his eyes. Tony gave a relieved intake of breath, though Steve being awake didn’t mean much. Bruce had no choice but to ignore Tony for now and rip open Steve’s shirt to get at the bleeding wound.
“You were going to leave, huh?” Steve asked like it was a casual question. Like he was asking how Bucky’s morning had been. Bucky was silent for a long moment before he could answer.
He leaned in and kissed him, fully and eagerly. He realized then that he’d wanted this for weeks, months, and he was finally letting himself take it. He wasn’t going to be a coward this time.
Thanks so much to everyone who's commented, given kudos, and read!
Bucky listened intently and looked heartbroken for Steve. He never liked to see Steve in any pain, and even he couldn’t imagine everything Steve had gone through. Steve shook his head before he continued to explain in a soft tone. “I figured it wouldn’t be fair to him. Because I still loved you. I couldn’t put him through that, not after everything he’s lost,” Steve finished.
Obadiah howled in pain and sunk down in front of Tony. He let out a growl of agony and frustration. Tony leaned in a little closer. “Look around you, old man. Your plan is failing,” Tony told him with a quiet severity to his tone.
“Hmm,” Tony said quietly, “might need some more convincing.” And that got a soft laugh out of Steve. There was another soft kiss before Steve took Tony’s hand in his.
“As for the stuffy council, they’ll deal with it. Howard wants this marriage, so does most of the clan. It would be absolutely foolish for them to oppose,” Pepper piped in as she reached up to place Tony’s formal diadem on his head. It was gold, to match the golden leaf pattern that trailed over the white silk of his dress. A single opal, cut into a pear shape, hung down to rest between his eyebrows. Other opals studded the golden band of the diadem, which was now nestled in Tony’s short dark brown curls.
“He’s got some good, strong lungs. He looks healthy to me, despite being a bit early,” Bruce reassured the omega. Tony was glad to hear it. He just wished that Steve were here.
A soft moment of silence passed between them, and Steve smiled at his Omega proudly. He finally spoke up, as he leaned back against the pillows. “I’m so proud of you, Tony. I’m grateful to have such a strong, beautiful mate. Look at our son. You brought him into this world, all the while fighting those who would harm him. You’re remarkable,” Steve praised.
Despite the lower temperatures, summer and spring brought these lands bountiful harvests. Their soil was good; some say it’s blessed. Tony knew that his childhood clan would benefit from the food.
He’d done this journey once, in the dead of winter. It was June now, spring had melted the snow and grown plentiful harvests, and now summer was slowly making an appearance. And the further they went, the warmer it would get. It was vastly different than making the trip in the winter.
He got out and dressed, packing up his things quickly. He stepped out of the bedroom; his destination was the kitchen for a few things to eat before he traveled to wherever. Maybe Romania, see where his family came from. He paused, however, when he saw Steve standing by the stove, cooking breakfast. Eggs and bacon, he quickly realized, and more than a few pieces of toast set on a plate and buttered.
“Steve…look, your son,” Tony said softly. Steve’s eyes went soft, obviously understanding Tony’s words, but he couldn’t speak. He lifted a finger, trembling, to touch the infant’s little hand. Then, his eyes closed and his hand fell limply to his side again.
Steve nodded in response. “He…took it about as well as he could have. He’s been locked up in his lab this morning. I haven’t been able to get inside.” Steve told him as he sat beside him. Bucky didn’t reply, just started to eat. Steve ate with him, in companionable silence.
“Son?” He asked his husband, a little upturn of his mouth indicating the beginnings of a smile. Steve smiled back at him, blue eyes glittering in the moonlight that filtered in through the windows.
“Don’t worry, my darling. Our son is strong,” Steve said quietly as if reading his mind. Tony looked up at him, raising an eyebrow. He was temporarily distracted by the panic and adrenaline in his veins.
But Tony wasn’t looking at the Stark clan’s High Priest. In fact, he hardly noticed him.
He still loved Bucky, his impossible first love. Yet he loved Tony, the man who had given him a new home.
The blow didn’t come. Howard’s hand shook in the air for a moment before falling to his side. “You cannot speak to me like that, Tony. How many times do I have to remind you? And when this Alpha comes to visit, you will be on your best behavior. If he decides to marry you, it’ll be a blessing for this tribe. I can only hope that you provide the combined tribes with a worthy Alpha heir.”
Steve’s hand reached out and touched his, and Tony looked up sharply to meet his husband’s gaze. There was sadness there, a knowing look that spoke volumes. “You need to eat, my love. Starving yourself won’t fix what happened,” Steve spoke quietly. Steve’s hand went to Tony’s stomach and stroked there lovingly. Tony sniffed and looked away, not wanting to cry. His emotions were haywire, being pregnant, and this very real, heavy grief was certainly not helping.
He met with his father halfway to Steve and shared a look as he took Howard’s arm. For the first time in a long, long while, his father’s gaze looked genuinely soft. He had to look away, not wanting to be emotional on top of the nerves that he felt. He’d suffered so much growing up. A caring look on his wedding day wouldn’t change that.
“We’ve been looking for you,” Tony noted casually. He moved carefully, slow, easy movements so Bucky could see him. Friday came back online, as well as the rest of his systems.
Steve seemed to think on this before nodding. “We’ll meet tonight with the council. For now, I think we should gain control of our people and organize a funeral for the dead,” Steve said before moving to raise his hands and calm their people down.
Steve’s eyes widened, and Tony could tell he was afraid. So was he, honestly, but he didn’t want to admit it. “I can’t let this stop me. We’re so close. We’re going to attack, tonight!” Tony said desperately. He knew he couldn’t go, not while in labor. But he was desperate not to hear that.
“My mission…my mission is to kill Steve Rogers, his Omega, and their son.”
“You’re right, we should. I’ll start on it,” Steve answered, his large palm splayed over Tony’s still-flat stomach. Tony relaxed back into the Alpha’s hold, full of happiness.
He groaned once he finished, wrinkling his nose in disgust. Gross. When he looked up, he saw Natasha, her green eyes glinting with mirth. “Ah. Well, then. Guess this answers the question everyone’s been wanting to know,” she told him with an easy laugh.
He’d just finished getting the armor on when he heard the alert. He quickly stepped out of his tent and saw some of Obadiah’s men in the camp. They were slashing with swords from their horses, and some were trying to burn tents and food stores. Tony gritted his teeth.
He and the pup were both startled awake by frantic calls outside the tent. Tony went to sit up, it’s his first instinct, but he’s stopped by the weight of an infant on his chest and then the sharp pain between his thighs.
Tony took a deep breath and shakily stood, his brown eyes fierce and hardened. He could feel Steve’s gentle hands on him, steadying him through his grief. Many of the people around them looked just as grieved as Tony, tears on their cheeks. It spoke to the Omega, that people who didn’t even know his parents still felt the sadness for their Lord.
There was a small gasping murmur among some. Many Omegas were watching with reverent gazes from the crowd. Tony somehow made his shaking hands still as he looked his Alpha in the eye, standing on the same ground.
The same was asked of Steve next, and the whole time, through the whole ceremony, Steve never let go of Tony’s hands. Steve’s thumbs brushed softly over the tops of Tony’s hands as he answered the priest.
“We’re definitely going to need to carry this around for you! I didn’t catch a word of that.” Tony set it on Steve’s bedside table.
He turned slowly and saw Bucky standing there, hands shoved in his pockets. “Think we made a scene of sorts, Stevie. The people downright scattered, the museum’s closed up shop,” He tried to joke, but his smile was a little watery. No doubt he was having a hard time too, seeing this place.
“Almost one hundred years…” Steve said softly, breaking his gaze with Tony to stare at the blank medical wall. He didn’t know what else to say, shock was almost immobilizing him.
“I don’t understand…I do want you, Steve. Of course, I do,” Tony said softly. He hissed a little as another cramp hit him and he relaxed back in their bed. “Gods know I’ve been through enough of them on my own.”
“They believe themselves superior to us in every way. They want the enslavement of Omegas, and the massacre of those opposed to such unjust laws. We fight today for our loved one’s freedoms, and for our people’s safety. Today, we avenge the lives of those we’ve lost, and we put an end to their evil once and for all!” Tony spoke clearly, brown eyes fierce.
The meeting went on, talk of how to ration out the food, what buildings needed repairs since they’d been abandoned but now they were lived in again. In the cold of winter, these types of things needed to be decided on and fixed quickly.
It had hurt more than anything to leave Peter in the tent with Steve. Bruce had promised he’d watch over them both, and give his life for theirs if it came to it. Tony hoped that it wouldn’t come to that.
“Traitor!” Someone shouted from the crowd and there was an angry uproar until both religious leaders held their hands up to silence them. The crowd was somehow tamed, the incensed shouts coming to a halt so they could continue.
“Steve. I don’t think…he’s not really talking much,” Tony offered quietly. He was looking at Bucky, gauging his reaction to Steve’s presence. Steve’s gaze snapped to Tony, then. He seemed to understand and went still, not taking another step towards Bucky. It was the exact opposite of what Steve wanted to do, Tony could tell.
“Good,” Pierce said as he straightened his posture. He looked down at the broken man, who was bound to a chair. Torture tools surrounded them, blood and dirt spattered on the floor.
The last two were Wanda and Pietro Maximoff. They were twins, runaways from another tribe that they refused to name. It seemed to scare them to even think about it, so Tony, of course, did not pry. They’d been there since they were young, having ridden in on a horse as children, half-dead. Steve’s mother had taken them in, and they were raised communally. Eventually, when of age, they joined the ranks of Steve’s military.
Hours passed with conversation, snacks over the fire and eventually wine as it got later. Steve finally joined them in the later part of the afternoon, looking tired. He perked up when he saw Tony with his close entourage though, and Tony had to hide a pleased smile in his cup as he took a sip.
Steve looked a little lost at that, sad blue eyes meeting Tony’s enraged stare. “Tony…” Steve took a step towards Tony, and somehow the genius managed to stay his ground, he didn’t waver. “He…he’s a victim. If you saw the videos…he’s broken, Tony. He’s been brainwashed, used as a weapon for seventy years,” Steve pleaded with him again.
“Thank you.” Came Bucky’s rough voice after a long moment of silence. Tony was surprised by it. He stilled and then nodded. Bucky’s eyes were trained on him, searching. “You don’t know,” Bucky croaked out, ominous. Tony felt a bit of a shiver go through him.
“Now. I’m getting older. And because of your failure to present how you should have, we’re going to have to involve an outside clan, as you know,” Howard said with a little more sourness. That was better. Tony was used to that tone.
“Those who can’t train need to gather supplies in a hurry. The blacksmiths need to work double. This is the time to act with haste. If we don’t, our numbers won’t do well against Obadiah’s organized army,” Tony contributed despite his inner anger.
When most were again stumbling back to their tents, Steve walked him back. Tony went to return the fur, but Steve stopped him with steady, gentle hands. “No, keep it. You said yourself; you don’t have many pelts to wear. It’s a gift,” Steve told him quietly. Tony looked up at him, fighting away the flush in his cheeks. Damn this Alpha for making him blush so much.
“How many times I wanted to kiss you. Some of those nights over there in that corner…sometimes I thought I was losing you and I wondered if I should,” Bucky kept explaining, and now the room was spinning a bit. If Bucky hadn’t been there holding him in place, Steve might’ve stumbled.
Tony looked surprised as Steve said this. He tilted his head to the side a bit, which Steve couldn’t help but think was adorable. “Really? Aren’t we…a little technologically behind what the UFP has?” Tony asked, but his eyes looked bright, maybe a little hopeful.
When he and Pepper finally settled down and curled next to each other on the furs, Tony let his mind wander a little. Steve, his bright blond hair, and blue eyes. His kind smile and beautiful laugh. Tony never thought he’d feel this way for an Alpha, and it was so sudden as well. The gods seemed to be giving him an out, here.
They’d renovated the lobby extensively. What used to be a dark, damp entrance to an apartment complex was now a gleaming white vestibule for visitors to come pay respects. There were renovated stairs, and they’d tried to match the red carpets that had lined them back in the thirties, except the red had never been that bright. They had always been dirty, a dingy maroon that had seemed to mock whenever Steve would wheeze and step up them to the third floor.
They rushed into the clan’s lands and the battle started. Swords and arrows flew, shields clanging. People cried out in pain and rage of combat. It was a full out battle, and Tony was right in the crossfire. His suit held up well, though. He felt multiple arrows and blades glance off the metal as he fired continuously.
“The name is Howard Stark. I’m the man responsible for finding you,” the mysterious man said with an air of confidence. Steve tried to let all of that sink in as he blinked heavily to shake away the last of his sleepiness.
“If anyone isn’t worth it, it’s me,” Bucky said softly, and that got Tony’s attention. He looked at the super soldier with incredulity. He was about to ask just what the hell Bucky was talking about when the other man continued. “I…all the things I’ve done. All the people I’ve hurt. Your…your pare--” Bucky started and Tony interrupted him by holding up a hand.
“Do you, Anthony Edward Stark, take this Alpha as your mate, to cherish and love and serve until your dying breath, the gods as witness?” The priest’s voice came through with clarity then. There was such a quiet hush, as the whole clan watched for his answer.
His intended Alpha was out there. With his people, probably talking to his father at this very moment. No doubt he was waiting in anticipation to see his would-be Omega mate. Tony felt numb. He didn’t want this, he just wanted to be left alone, and he just wanted to use his mind for great things. He’d be perfectly content to ignore his body and subgender, thank you.
(Side note, the timeline is a little messed up, I realized. I'll have to go back to other chapters and edit them. For example, Rumlow's execution should have happened in Mayish, according to my time skips. I shall fix all the discrepancies soon!)
James Buchanan Barnes was standing in his lab, blue eyes eerily cold as he stared down at Tony. It was clear that he wasn’t going to attack. Especially when Bucky let his wrist go.
Steve quickly backhanded the man, and Tony heard a crack of bone. Rumlow’s jaw no doubt. Tony grimaced before making a quick move, one that Natasha had taught him, throwing Rumlow’s knife across the room and pressing his own blade to the Alpha’s throat.
He was jittery with nervousness. This had to be a good sign, right? Especially since both men were smiling back at him. “Hey…I take it things went well?” Tony asked as he took a few more steps toward them. Steve nodded, blushing a little as he looked at them.
“Don’t blame yourself. You did everything you could,” Tony said resolutely, not quite meeting Steve’s gaze now.
Getting up for the day was a slow affair. They got distracted and had another wonderful round of sex, which ended with Tony snoozing in Steve’s lap as they waited for the knot to go down. Eventually, though, they managed to crawl out of bed, wash, and dress. Clean clothes had been laid out for them the night before, and Tony slipped on a soft salmon-colored fabric, wrapping it around one shoulder. Steve donned soft leathers, trimmed with a white fur. Tony wondered what his clothes would look like, once he got to the Northern lands.
Tony felt the telltale signs of his own arousal as he hardened and felt a gush of slick. He heard Steve groan into their kiss. No doubt the Alpha had smelled the slick from him. He’d heard that Alphas were especially susceptible to its scent.
“Who is he? I have at least the right to know that, surely?” Tony asked of his father, crossing his arms over his chest defensively. He wasn’t stung by the fact that his father had been going to hit him. He was used to it. Though, when it came to the physical blows, Howard did always look like he regretted it once he was sober. Not that that particular fact excused him at all, in Tony’s mind.
“You, Brock Rumlow, have been accused of the attempted murder of Lord Steven and Lord Anthony, which occurred the seventh of January. How do you plead?” The High Priestess presided over the trial. Wanda was her name, and she was said to have gifts from the gods as well, though hers were more physical than having visions.
Though, that wasn’t what Fate had in store for him, obviously. He didn’t know how much time had passed before he looked up into the mirror and saw that Pepper had finished. He’d had a bath just this morning luckily, so that hadn’t been necessary. She’d still run a warm cloth over him and dressed him in the traditional Omega garb of his clan.
It turned out that Natasha was right. In just a week, it was obvious. His scent was changed, and Steve put a knowing hand protectively over Tony’s stomach every night. It was nothing to celebrate quite yet. The early times were always fraught with miscarriage. One little fall or illness or something they couldn’t control could bring the joy down in a second.
Tony took a shaking breath and nodded. “Yes…it wasn’t easy. But it’s over now.” He shifted Peter’s weight in his arms. “We took those who were left from Obadiah’s followers as prisoners,” he told his husband with a somber tone.
Steve nodded and followed him, looking determined. Tony almost laughed, because damn that look was so adorable on him in this situation and Steve didn’t even know it. He held it in though, not wanting to embarrass Steve or chase him off. They slid the sliding glass door closed and went to the edge of the small balcony that faced the city. It was a beautiful view. It probably would have been better at nighttime, Tony thought, but then again it would have been freezing.
Tony felt a rush of pride to elicit such a reaction. “It’s my suit. I invented it. It’ll help keep me and the child safe.” He’d made sure to put extra thick protection around his midsection. No blade was cutting him there. He’d tested it. It all bounced away, and there were no structural weak points anywhere near his stomach.
“You know,” Steve changed the subject, not wanting to think about his crew, “You’d be good in Star Fleet. They could always use a mind like yours.” It was clear to Steve that Tony had a special type of genius. The inner Captain in him could see the potential. Though, Steve had an ulterior motive. He didn’t want to leave Tony here when the Federation came. He wanted to take the other man with him.
Obadiah frowned, obviously not happy with any of that news. “You think you’re leading these people? They’re just afraid of change, of real progress. They’re afraid to make the world a better place, a balanced place,” Obadiah spat viciously.
The night they planned to make their first attack, Tony was arranging his armor. He was even bigger now, but he ignored the concerned looks of the people. He wouldn’t let a pregnancy stop him from hurting those who had hurt his family. He was eight months along, and he’d had to constantly work on his armor throughout their travel.
“We’re with you,” Natasha spoke up, stepping closer to the ruling pair. “We will fight for you, Tony Stark.”
“Volunteers will be taken first and foremost, and afterward, a random draft. Now, to more pleasant aspects. The wedding is to take place in two days time. I will need a helping communal hand from everyone who is able, to prepare for the event and a grand feast!” This, of course, received favor. They didn’t have too many clan-wide feasts these days, with their farmlands depleted as they were. Two in a week was a very rare treat.
Oh. Business. Okay, there went the butterflies. Business?! As if Tony was just some sort of cattle to be talked about over a roasted chicken and a cup full of wine! Tony let out an offended huff and turned on his heel, back toward his tent.
“Tony, please,” Anthony, or Tony, corrected. He cleared his throat and entered the room.
He turned in his Alpha’s arms. “I know. It’s okay. But I can take care of myself. I won’t let anything happen to our son, I promise you,” Tony said quietly in return. He kissed his Alpha, feeling relief that they’d finally made up. He hadn’t wanted to go into battle angry. It was best if they felt unified, as usual.
Tony let out a shaky sigh and tried to calm down. He was comforted by the other Omegas’ logic. He actually managed to get his nervous shaking down enough that the crowd probably wouldn’t notice. Steve might, but he had a feeling the Alpha would not hold it against him. Weddings did tend to cause nerves.
And Bucky was so fragile, relearning how to be a person and not a weapon for others to use. It wouldn’t be right for Steve to ask Bucky for something more, when Bucky barely knew himself.
He found himself in Brooklyn, of course, just as the sun’s rays were starting to peek over the horizon. He spent a while riding around, and slowly people started to fill the streets as the day started.
“So, you wanted to talk?” Tony asked, helping Steve along again. He knew this wouldn’t be easy, but he had a feeling where this was all headed. They all liked each other, but Steve was worried Tony wouldn’t want that. Which was absolutely insane. Of course, he wanted it. He was barely keeping himself from just dragging Steve to the bedroom, already. But he needed to be patient. This was something Steve needed, to hash it all out. So Tony would let him talk, and he’d listen if it made Steve feel better.
“You’re at least a few hours from being ready for birth,” Bruce told him as he checked between his legs again. Tony willed the pup to wait until his father came home.
Steve gave him a long look, calculating. He was still grieving, yes, but being alone in this strange room right now didn’t seem like a good option. He shook his head and spoke, his voice raw again, though this time it was from crying.
Surprisingly, the Alpha didn’t look offended. He looked…captivated, honestly. Tony knew it was probably because of how he looked. He wasn’t an idiot; he knew very well how good he looked, all preened like this.
“Yes, Stevie, but that’s okay. We’ll forgive you if you have coffee?” Bucky helped his friend out and took a step back from Tony. That got a whine out of the shorter brunet.
The young man turned his face away from her, remaining silent for a long moment, before finally speaking up. “I don’t want to marry, mother. Please. You know I’m meant for more than this…for more than just being a breeding mare for the good of father’s…legacy,” he spat the last word like it was acid on his tongue.
“Asset.” A cold, deep voice suddenly rang between the walls.
“The hell I’m not,” Tony bit back, meeting Steve’s gaze, challenging. “I don’t care about my condition. Those monsters murdered my family. They murdered my people. I’m not going to just sit here while I send Alphas off to fight in my name,” Tony argued through gritted teeth.
Rumlow gave him a challenging look and Tony thought he might spit again. Steve moved quickly to bind Rumlow’s hands behind his back with a pair of handcuffs that Rhodes had produced and tossed to the Lord. Tony kept his knife where it was, nestled at Rumlow’s throat.
The arm would spasm here and there, causing Bucky a bit of pain. Tony would almost immediately recognize this and quickly learned to notice the signs before Bucky could try brushing it off.
Tony tensed a bit, but eventually, his shoulders relaxed and he nodded. “Sure, pop a squat,” He answered lightly as his hands waved around and moved blue holograms around. Plans for suit upgrades, among other things.
Bucky seemed to get the message. “I’ll be waiting upstairs. Tony’s suite. He’s got the biggest bed.” He wagged his eyebrows at them and laughed as he slowly walked away to the elevator. Steve’s cheeks went red again as he spluttered a bit. Tony took a little pity on him, and reached out, putting his hand on Steve’s shoulder to guide him across the room.
Tony smiled, amused by the Lord’s neatness. “Do you plan to fold our clothes every time we mate?” He asked lightly as he lounged back onto the bed. Steve looked over at him and smiled warmly.
Tony shifted a little. “Father, I have a stipulation,” he said, voice unwavering. Steve looked a little worried about that, but Tony kept regarding his father, who now looked a little perturbed. Howard nodded, inviting Tony to keep speaking, though he was sure that if Steve hadn’t been here, it would have been met more harshly. “I want to bring Pepper with me. Rhodes and Bruce as well,” Tony said.
It was an Alpha male, and Tony nearly reared back in instinct until the man spoke up. “My Lord, your heat. We must get you to your quarters. It would not do you well to hit the brunt of it here. You can make your decision on your condition in the comfort of your house,” he said kindly. Tony felt immediately confused. His decision on his condition? What on Earth was the man talking about? Omegas didn’t have a decision. They had Alphas, especially if they were mated to one.
He turned his horse and followed Steve’s people along the road, and he didn’t look back.
The battle lasted for nearly half an hour. Short, in comparison to most battles in history, but it was bloody. There were many innocents slain before they captured all the attackers. It was by sheer numbers that they managed to do so. Tony grieved for all the blood that it had taken.
“Apparently, we’re starting to become technologically advanced enough that they’re considering adding us to the list of Federation planets. And then…we found you. Our sensors picked up an asteroid headed our way. It would have been devastating, had we not developed tractor technology some 50 years ago. Anyway, we sensed a life form deep in the ice of the asteroid. You.” Tony shifted as he took a breath, looking up at Steve to make sure this wasn’t too much at once.
He was really trying not to panic here. None of this was familiar, but it didn’t seem like he was in danger either.
Bucky had met some of the team in those three days, and they seemed supportive, at least. Natasha seemed to understand most of all. They’d been through something similar, he supposed. He knew her file, had fought her many times as the Soldier. He’d even shot her, a wound she had teasingly flashed at him as they spoke quietly in Russian in the common area.
His mother, a beta whose calming scent was known throughout the entire tribe, would do her best to meet up with Tony after the fight and calm him down. She tried every single time this happened. She’d make excuses for her husband, of course. He was raised in that mindset. Just let him simmer down, he’ll be fine in the morning.
“Tony…there’s something you should know. Something I should have told you a while ago when I first found out,” Steve said lowly. Tony’s heart raced impossibly fast. Whatever this was, it wasn’t anything good. Steve was a generally serious person, but not like this. This was something else entirely.
Bucky stirred and smiled softly as he felt the morning sun filter in through the window, a warm body beside him. Friday’s voice spoke softly, announcing that it was 8 in the morning and 64 degrees outside on a Wednesday. He heard a soft grumble beside him and his smile widened.
Peter was two months old before they returned to their lands in the north. The people cheered as they returned safely, and rejoiced further when they saw that the heir had been safely born.
“I’m afraid so, My Lord. Servants found them in their tent, bloodied and cold,” Brock answered. Tony shut his eyes tightly and willed himself not to sob. He had to look strong. He had to prove himself a capable ruler, to show all that had ever turned their nose up at his behavior for being an Omega; he was just as capable as any Alpha.
There was a long moment of silence as he stared the man down. Howard’s eyes turned sad, and Steve knew what he was going to say, he just didn’t want to believe it.
The punching bag gave underneath his onslaught, sand going everywhere. He paused, breathing hard and that’s when he noticed there were easily fifteen, maybe more, ruined bags on the gym floor.
Despite being in a crash and frozen in deep space for nearly one hundred years, Steve was in peak physical condition.
Eventually, the baby quieted, and they got him to latch on and eat. Tony leaned back against the pillows that have him propped up and he dozed in and out. He’s grateful for the sling that the midwife had fashioned, so he didn’t have to constantly hold his arms up to keep the pup supported.
When morning came, the announcements were made throughout the clan, and work started immediately. Many people volunteered to fight. They had a sizeable number when it was time for the first training. Tony joined them, wanting to keep learning. Some gave him looks of admiration, some surprised. Tony didn’t really care what people thought, for once. He was going to fight, to prove that Omegas were strong and capable. He was going to kill Obadiah Stane.
He was selfish, though. So horribly selfish, and he felt himself getting nauseous for the first time in years. He’d lost them both, hadn’t deserved either of them and they’d fallen through his fingers like the damn sand that littered the gym floor.
“Thank you,” Bucky replied softly. “I don’t deserve it, but thank you.” He had killed them. He’d killed all those people with his bare hands. He didn’t feel absolved. He felt guilty. He felt like a monster that deserved a worse fate than this.
“No…it’s…please, stay. I have questions,” Steve said, looking directly at Tony. He didn’t much care if the man’s father stayed, but he wanted the beautiful man with the distracting, soft voice to be here.
Steve spent as long as he could by Tony’s side, but he eventually had to leave. He gave Tony one last soft kiss before slipping out of the tent and going to meet his team. He sent a prayer to the gods to protect his omega and his child.
“You got it,” Tony answered, watching as Bucky left. He let out a delighted laugh as the super soldier gave him a wink. Honestly, his heart was hammering in his chest, butterflies fluttering in his stomach, and damn how long had it been since he felt like a high schooler?
“You invented that?” Steve asked him. Tony shrugged and nodded.
Preparation started right away. All of Steve’s, and now Tony’s, people did all they could to help the beginning of the war efforts. Those who were not trained to fight did other tasks. Wove blankets for the soon-to-be soldiers, gathered extra canned foods to be packed for the battles.
Maria stared at him a moment before heaving a soft sigh. “It’s an Omega’s duty, Tony. To take an Alpha, to carry on the line. If you were an Alpha or Beta, it would be the same. You’d marry an Omega and have an heir. It’s how things are done.” She at least sounded a little regretful.
______________________________________
Tony watched Steve leave with regret. He wasn’t sure which he wanted more, for Steve to stay here by his side, or to be able to follow him into battle. He huffed and leaned his head back. He couldn’t believe that it happened like this. All that training, all the traveling, just to stay behind on the pivotal night because apparently, his son couldn’t wait one more damn day.
“Tony! Goodness!” She exclaimed. The topic of Omegas and Alphas finding mates with their own genders, or even Betas, was still an intense political debate. Alpha/Alpha pairs were seen as truly barbaric in some traditionalist’s eyes. Omega/Omega pairs weren’t much better, but they were turned a blind eye to sometimes. Betas being with Alphas or Omegas were more accepted, though traditionalists mostly liked Betas to stick with their own.
When they rounded through the crowd and got closer to the dais, Tony finally caught sight of Steve. He was waiting there, along with their High Priest. The Vision, they called him. Ironically so, since he was blind, but he is said to be able to commune with the gods in exchange.
Steve suddenly remembered that all he’d known and cared about was gone. He tried not to break down again, thinking about all those funerals that had now happened almost one hundred years ago. All of those families that had wondered if they were coming home, and they never had.
He didn’t want to be unprepared if there was a sudden attack on their troop. He’d already had to heat and add metal to the stomach section of the suit three times now. It was worth it. He wanted to be here. People looked to him for leadership, and he couldn’t let the Omega cause be dampened by the very thing that Alphas called them unfit for.
A week before they arrived, Tony was curled up next to Steve on their furs. Their small portable tent was propped up around them to cut off the bite of the outside wind. Steve’s hand trailed over Tony’s side casually and then ended up splayed over Tony’s stomach. The Omega closed his eyes and took a quiet intake of breath. “I’m not pregnant,” he said quietly, knowing his husband was still awake.
He was allowed access to the forge as well, and he delighted in metalworking. He upgraded some of the military’s gear, as well as creating little cogs and pieces to work for weapons. He was allowed to flourish here, and he had a supportive Alpha along the way.
“Really? You know it wouldn’t kill you to actually get some sleep now and again,” Bucky said, but he was teasing, a small smirk on his face as he said it. Tony regarded him with a hum.
Tony could tell that the Alpha was frightened but was doing his best to hide it. He remained silent, resolute. Steve shifted and gave a sigh beside him. “Take him to a tent. We’ll make him talk,” Steve ordered sharply. Guards took the traitor away, and Tony could finally take a sharp, pained breath.
Bucky really was waiting for them when they opened the door. He outright grinned when he saw them. He took in their slightly disheveled appearances and Steve’s pink blush and made the correct assumptions. “Oh good,” he said as he stood and stretched. He was only in his boxers, his clothes on the floor in a crumpled heap. Steve almost chastised him for not putting them in the hamper or folding them, but he caught his own tongue. “I was beginning to worry you two had gotten distracted and started down there without me,” Bucky teased further. He sauntered over to them and kissed Tony eagerly.
Pepper had been a slave, sold into the trafficking that was prevalent in the West. When the caravan had come through, Tony had seen her. A small, scared child, covered in dirt. He’d asked his father for her, to be a handmaiden, and surprisingly Howard had agreed and bought her. The first thing Tony did when they’d taken her back to the clan was tear that collar off her neck.
Tony made the decision to go to his father’s meeting tent. He had it all set up for things just like this, meeting dignitaries from other clans to discuss trade and the possibility of marrying his son off. He heard Steve’s voice as he got closer and that only made his footsteps quicker. Pepper stood dutifully outside as he got close to the opening.
He got to the gym, wrapped his hands in tape, and then put the first punching bag onto the hook.
With little to no sleep, Steve had made his way out of the tower before the sun had even begun to rise. He couldn’t be here; it felt so stifling for some reason. He needed to get away, be somewhere else physically and mentally for a little while. He didn’t want the team to notice. He was supposed to be the strong one, the one who always knew what shots to call. He couldn’t look weak in front of them. Completely forgetting about how he’d left the gym the night before, he set out on his bike, mind swimming.
“He’s horrible. Are all Alpha’s that pig-headed here?” Steve asked with a scowl once they were out of earshot. Tony huffed a bitter laugh and nodded.
“He’s coming soon, isn’t he? That’s why you won’t strike me,” Tony said with a quiet, but accusatory tone. Howard glowered at him, and didn’t deny it. Tony was highly observant. He knew it wasn’t because his father changed his mind at the last second, realizing he would hurt his son. The Alpha would be here soon, and Howard didn’t want Tony to look like damaged goods.
Steve sighed and nodded. “It was dangerous, I was the only success story. They shut it down, and then Dr. Erksine, the creator of the successful formula, died. He took his perfected formula with him to his grave,” Steve answered. “It’s why I didn’t die like I should have. I was Captain of that vessel, and I didn’t die with her and my crew. It’s not natural,” Steve added brokenly, feeling hot tears in his eyes again.
Tony sat a little closer to his intended Alpha as the night passed on. Soon, the chill that came with the sun setting started to sweep through, and more fires were lit. People started to dance around the fires with music being played, warming up that way, and through the wine. Tony felt a soft pelt of fur being wrapped around his shoulders and he looked up sharply to see Steve’s smiling face as he gave up his outer layer of clothing.
“Not now,” Bucky answered shortly. He went to the barstools and sat down as Steve made him a plate. “You told Stark?” He had a feeling that Steve would, after Bucky’s odd behavior toward Tony last night.
Steve hummed and nodded beside him. “We’ll need to keep an eye on all the refugees. They aren’t to be treated any differently. Guards can be placed by their homes. Those who are innocent will see it as protection. Those who are not…it will hinder them,” Steve declared. Tony nodded in agreement to his husband’s thinking.
Although, the grief of losing his entire ship and crew made it so he didn’t have much motivation to seek those answers. He fell back asleep for a little while, a couple hours probably. When he woke back up, Howard was there again, checking some notes over on an electronic personal device of some kind. Again, not Federation issue.
When morning came, Pepper was already awake and getting everything ready for him. Tony opened his eyes groggily, squinting against the sunlight that was filtering in through the front of the tent. He let out a soft sigh and burrowed against the furs. He was sleepy but excited. They’d make the announcement today and then hopefully, Tony would be away from this place very soon.
“This is what happens to traitors. To those who hate unjustifiably, to those who condone slavery to an entire third of a clan’s population,” Tony told the prisoners when all was said and done.
In his grief, Tony wanted to cry. He wouldn’t give his father the satisfaction, though. He had no choice to look down, his father’s hand was strong and his gaze was forced down to his feet. Tony’s hands clenched into fists at his sides, but he didn’t dare strike.
“G’ back t’ bed. It’s ungodly,” Tony muttered into the pillow, trying to shield the light as Friday pulled back the automatic curtains. Bucky just kissed Tony’s temple and stretched as he got up.
Part of Tony wanted to go up to the floor he’d just given Bucky and…and he didn’t know what. But he remembered the way Bucky had been; so numb to the world, only a few things bringing flashes of emotion. Tony sighed, eyes closing as he took a shuddering breath. He knew, deep down, that the monster that had killed his parents hadn’t been Bucky, but it was hard to swallow.
“You like him too, don’t you?” Bucky pressed as he guided them to the rickety table chairs, somehow having wordlessly sensed Steve’s need to sit down. They creaked as the soldiers sat like they might break under their weight, but whatever. They were their chairs anyway, dammit.
Tony believed him, of course. He knew that Steve was speaking honestly, and from the heart. He turned in Steve’s arms and smiled at him, feeling warm with love and reassurance.
“Friday, lockdown protocol, please. No one has access.” He didn’t even want Rhodes in here at this point. He didn’t think he could have a decent conversation with anyone, and he didn’t want to try.
“Good morning,” Tony greeted in return before sitting next to Natasha. She smiled at him as well. A few passing Alphas stared at them, and mostly Natasha, who wore the red and blue dual colored feathers in her hair that indicated her status. It was quite a topic of gossip and Tony knew that many of the traditionalists disapproved greatly.
“Yeah. Steve. Friday, a scan, please.” The AI was smart enough not to verbally answer, just do as Tony said. He went over the results quickly, humming. It was amazing technology, but he could do better.
“Yeah, it’s unconventional. But who gives a shit? If we make each other happy, that’s all that matters. Everything and everybody else can go shove it. We deserve it, especially you and Bucky. After all the hell you two have been through, all that you do to keep people safe,” Tony argued, looking like he’d fight anyone on this. Steve did notice a slight theme in there though. Tony didn’t think he deserved happiness as much as Steve and Bucky did.
There were large stone stairs tucked against the front of the building. They led up to a second floor that held two more rooms, each with their own small hearth. Steve swung open one of the doors and Tony immediately knew this was where Steve lived. Furs on the floor again, and a wooden bed that looked so soft that Tony wanted to jump in immediately.
He would trek into the woods for logs to burn at the fire. Natasha taught him how to hold a bow, and he’d grinned ear to ear when he’d come back to camp for the first time with a kill big enough for half of the people there. Steve had looked at him with a soft, proud smile from the fire, watching as Tony dragged the boar across the leaves.
“I am glad, as well. You must understand. I’m not used to receiving any type of right. My open defiance of this would have me cast out if I was not a Lord’s son,” Tony explained. “It is…quite refreshing to see an Alpha who agrees with how I think.”
“You will need new clothes if you’re to live with me in the North,” Steve said softly. “The soft silks of the Southern people won’t do you much good there, though you do look beautiful in them,” he finished, his voice soft. Tony couldn’t help the flush to his cheeks; though he hoped the wine and the now roaring fire would explain it away.
“And what is your mission, Soldier?” Pierce asked impatiently, gritting his teeth slightly.
Tony nodded and followed his Alpha back into the tent they’d set up. Luckily, everything had been finished before the skirmish, and the invaders hadn’t gotten to their space, so everything was intact.
He sunk down into it with a sigh, letting his muscles relax. Steve joined him and they slowly cleaned off the smell of heat sex and let the warm water soothe their tired bodies. When the water started to cool, they were quick to get out and cover themselves with furs. It wouldn’t do to risk getting sick, though their hearth was still burning and kept the room warm.
“It wasn’t an accident. It was orchestrated. Howard had some serum left, some of the original formula. They were transporting it when the crash happened. It was an ordered hit.” Steve wasn’t looking at him, just into space. Tony felt shocked and saddened, his ears ringing. He wondered why Steve was telling him this now.
Bucky had gone a little pale and had asked Tony if he could go alone. It had torn at Tony to agree, but he knew that this was something that Steve and Bucky needed to do by themselves. He’d nodded and snagged a quick kiss before letting Bucky go. All attempts at trying to distract himself with research and designs for the team had been futile. He could only think about what must be going on if Bucky had found Steve at the little museum that they’d figured he’d be at. If he had, what were they talking about? He hoped that Steve didn’t hate them now.
A guard had caught them though and had sounded an alarm. Eventually, the sheer numbers, as well as Steve getting severely injured, drove them out and forced them to retreat. It was by the small group's skill that no one had tracked them here.
Tony gave a derisive snort. “Good people! He called our marriage ‘business’, Rhodey. Business! Like I’m something to be signed over,” Tony shook a little in anger. Rhodes sighed and shifted, the metal of his armor shifting with him.
“Friday?” He tried to see if the AI was still up and running. He was met with silence. Great. He probably wouldn’t be able to alert the team, either. Whoever had made it this far was good. Too good to forget about bypassing the emergency signal that went out to all members if there was a sudden outage in Tony’s lab. Tony dropped his tools carefully and turned in his chair, only to let out a terrified shriek as he saw a man standing directly behind him. He picked up a nearby wrench and swung blindly, but a gleaming hand caught his wrist.
Life went on in the north, though some of their people elected to move down to the warmer climates of the southern territories. Tony elected Rhodes as the regent leader and sent him down with those who wanted to go when the next summer came along. Rhodes was the only one he trusted to rule in his stead.
Tony nodded and shifted in the chair he was sat in. “Yes. We’ve established a planetary government in recent years. S.H.I.E.L.D is what we call ourselves. Don’t ask me what it stands for, I’ll lose you halfway,” Tony joked a little, a slight smile on his face.
Tony can’t even thank her; his mind is swirling with grief and worry. Please, gods, don’t take his husband away. Not before he could even meet his son. He made himself move, despite hearing Bruce’s protests. He cradled Peter in his arms and shuffled to the cot they had Steve lying in.
Steve felt his blood turn cold. Was he that obvious? Bucky had figured it out already. Steve hadn’t meant to leave the gym like that, and maybe if he’d remembered to cover his tracks, Bucky wouldn’t be here right now. He should’ve known he would never be able to stay hidden from Bucky though. As horrible as the Soldier’s training was, it meant Bucky was the best there was at, well, basically anything.
A year passed in peace. Time went on, and Steve and Tony’s people rebuilt, healed. He found himself a year later, Peter on his hip and a hand on the slight roundness of his stomach, leaning against a stone pillar of his and Steve’s house.
“This whole time…” Steve said softly, his voice a bit of a wreck because, wow would you look at that, he was crying too. There were things Steve missed so desperately from their old time. But this was one of the things he hated the past for. The laws of their time had kept them scared, kept them unhappy and apart.
“Stand back,” Tony warned his Alpha, who wordlessly did as Tony asked, fully trusting the other man. It made something warm bloom on Tony’s heart, but he wasn’t distracted fully by the Alpha. He pressed the buttons that released his weapons, the swords sliding out quickly with a metallic sound.
Before Steve left for battle, he came into the tent one final time. He knelt by Tony’s bedside and took his hand in his. “I’m leaving with Natasha, Clint, Sam, and Wanda,” Steve told Tony, a determined look in his eyes. Tony wished so desperately in that moment that he could go with them.
It was cold.
It seemed as if his father wanted him gone as quickly as possible, and honestly Tony wasn’t going to protest. He wanted to leave. The thought of being with Steve and his decidedly more liberal people absolutely thrilled him. And one day, this clan would be theirs too. Their word would be law, and Omegas would have rights. If Tony had any Omega children, he wouldn’t have to worry about them.
Steve made a speech, thoughtful and heartfelt, but succinct and to the point. The Lord had a gift with words, and all the people seemed to be in awe of him. Tony felt drawn in as well. He was so glad to have found this man. For once, a decision that Howard had made for him had turned out in his favor.
“Thank you,” Steve said to him before Tony could get much of anything out. “Tonight was good, and I’m glad we cleared the air between us.” He looked extremely genuine in that thought, his bright blue eyes conveying so much honesty that Tony almost looked away.
Once he parked his bike, he made his way to the entrance. A few people stopped and stared, and Steve pretended their looks weren’t full of pity. The woman working the front desk seemed shocked and fumbled, before offering to close the museum for a bit for him. Steve was grateful for the sentiment but said it was all right, that he was just going to look around.
Tony nodded, confirming Steve’s earlier question. He shifted closer, more in Steve’s space as they leaned against the balcony railing. He could smell Tony’s expensive cologne in the air, and it only made him want to be even closer. “Yeah. I guess you just give off a very straight vibe, being Mr. America and all,” Tony teased. Then, he seemed to hesitate a bit before reaching out and putting his hand gently on Steve’s forearm. “It’s not your fault. It’s not any of our faults. Circumstances kept us apart, but that’s over now. Bucky and I want you if you’ll have us?” Tony asked, looking beyond hopeful now. There wasn’t any point in hiding his emotions after all of this.
He’d more or less given up on Steve, though. But that was all fine, he supposed because his heart had focused on a new man. A man of the bright, impossible future.
“Tony…” Steve started as they got to their bedroom. Tony took off the outer layers of his clothing, back turned to his Alpha. He kicked off his boots and heard the other man as he sighed in exasperation.
Bucky didn’t think too heavily on that particular line of thought. He couldn’t stay long. He shouldn’t. The guilt was ever-present, weighing on his shoulders so much; it was impossible to think of much else. And Steve wanted his Bucky back. He wasn’t certain that he had the heart to tell Steve that the man he had known was dead. The man he’d fought with seventy years ago was gone. In his place, a monster, a shell of a man.
Tony felt sick. He didn’t want to marry some random Alpha. He didn’t want to leave the clan or be some random young Lord’s plaything. He just wanted to stay here and keep inventing, keep thinking. His mind was too full of ideas for him to just settle down and be a mother.
They moved together easily, a slowly growing crescendo, as the fire in the middle of the room burned along with them. Tony heard a low rumbling growl, and only just realized it was meant to be a warning before he felt a few more rough thrusts and an overwhelming sensation as Steve knotted him.
Word spread of the Rogers clan’s intent. They sent the young brave messenger to tell Obadiah to expect war. He’d gone with a grim look on his face, knowing there was a chance the tyrannical man would strike him down just for uttering it. Tony felt extremely bad for him and kept looking to the southern horizon to see any word of him or other supporters.
Howard took a deep breath and actually seemed to calm down a little, much to Tony’s surprise. “There. That wasn’t so hard, now was it? Your disappointing subgender could be useful if you’d just act like you’re supposed to,” Howard said, his voice now sickeningly, falsely fond.
“He did,” Tony answered, frowning heavily. “I…I don’t blame you. I saw the files, watched the videos. I know what they did to you.” Tony’s voice sounded strained. Bucky halted a bit at that.
Someone did come into the tent, and Tony almost went about his plan before he realized it’s just Bruce. He’s relieved for a moment before the doctor spoke frantically.
He looked up to his Alpha, whose serious blue eyes looked right back. He nodded, seeming to be in agreement with Tony’s statement. The slaughter of Tony’s parents could not go unanswered.
When they were gone, Tony let out a shaky sigh and the dagger he’d been holding so confidently fell to the floor with a clatter. Steve set his shield down and moved to him, helping him sit back down on the bed. They’d almost lost their lives tonight. Tony put a protective hand on his stomach.
Tony seemed to consider this, trepidation growing in him. He’d never heard of this group of people, and now it turns out there had been Hydra members in his own clan? Maybe for his entire lifetime? And this small group was probably only the beginning of their influence in his childhood clan.
“Friday. I want everything you can find on the Winter Soldier. And I mean everything,” Tony ordered sharply, the sound of his voice heavy in the silent lab. The AI gave the affirmative and got to work. It took a good half hour, but soon he had the files. Videos, notes, mission reports. He started to read, not quite ready to watch anything yet.
Months went on, as both sides prepared, and one morning a large group of people came on horses, carriages and on foot to their clan. Tony’s heart clenched in his chest when he saw familiar faces, some people in southern clothes. Was this it? Did they come to fight?
There was a celebration when they arrived back at camp, and Tony allowed it easily. They could afford to have a couple days of merriment and rest before making the travel back up to the north. Tony supposed these southern lands were theirs too now.
“Tony…I. I think we need to talk,” Steve said softly, and Tony raised an eyebrow at that. Usually, that was never a good thing to hear, but Bucky looked calm and there were still happy smiles on both of their faces, so he assumed that Steve didn’t mean for it to sound so relationship ending and menacing.
“He’ll arrive within the week. If he agrees to the arrangement, you will be marrying him. No questions, no fits. This is the best possible scenario, and the only way our bloodline will continue to lead these people,” Howard told him bitterly. He didn’t give Tony a chance to respond, leaving the tent with an authoritative air.
“Will you teach me? To fight, that is. My training stopped when I presented,” Tony asked. Natasha looked surprised and a little disgusted at this news but nodded as she took a bite of the meat on the skewer.
With a horrible jolt, he remembered that he couldn’t have it. He pulled back as if burned, and guilt crashed over him again. “Buck…no, what about Tony? You’re happy. He’s happy, I can see it.” The absolute last thing Steve wanted to do was hurt either of them. They both deserved to be happy, and if that was with each other, well Steve would learn to handle it.
What he found in the tent was so much better than he’d ever hoped for. He made a noise of happy surprise when he saw Steve sitting up, holding their son delicately.
“Yeah, it’s been a long time coming, but it seems to finally be perfected. Just in time too,” Tony sighed as he reached back and grabbed it. He turned it off and then said something Steve couldn’t understand.
The golden hair was the first thing he noticed. Then, he noticed the pale skin of those in the North. The young Alpha was taking to his father politely, a patient smile on his face. He hadn’t noticed Tony yet as the Omega got ever closer.
Tony saw his husband in the fray finally. Steve swung his sword while blocking another’s with his shield that he was well known for. Tony couldn’t help but allow himself a brief moment of admiration. His husband was a beautiful fighter, and none of the other soldiers stood a chance.
Tony felt resolute as they marched on down the path, day after day. He did not give up his determination in the slightest. It did admittedly get harder for him to move around, though. A month into the journey, he was seven months pregnant and getting bigger still. He worked on his suit almost daily, making adjustments for his growing size.
He’d buried Bucky. In so many ways. He’d been the love Steve could never have. The time they grew up in making it damn near impossible, then the war. He’d met Peggy and thought that was his answer. Finally, he’d met a girl he could be happy with. He could get over Bucky, be the brother that the other man needed. Then he’d lost him, watched him fall, and he’d known he couldn’t. As much as he loved Peggy, he couldn’t go on. It had been so easy to let himself sink that ship. He’d had Peggy’s picture out, and he’d imagined Bucky’s next to it as the ship crashed, and he let the cold dark overtake him.
Tony actually did feel a little better about that. Kind rumors were a good thing. And the Alpha was young, at least. Howard could be marrying him off to some ancient Alpha who wanted a pretty young thing.
It had all been worth it. The sacrifices they suffered had lead to this. These were Tony’s thoughts as he watched his people move about their day. Children running happily in the streets. Omegas free and joyful, smiling as they headed to the library.
It was with these thoughts in mind, that he found himself staring at Tony as the genius stepped into his workshop and immediately started to explain something animatedly. His hands were flying around everywhere, his brown eyes bright with knowledge. It was beautiful.
Tony stood shakily, knife still in hand. He looked down at Rumlow with sad but angry eyes. “I knew it. You would never follow me. Name the other Alphas that mean me harm,” Tony demanded sharply.
He’d had a long time to grieve his parent’s death, a long time to heal. It had been one thing when he’d thought it was just an accident, with alcohol on Howard’s breath. But now? This was another thing entirely. He’d grown up listening to tales of Sargent Barnes. His dad hadn’t been as fond of him as Steve, but he was up there.
“It’s done. We can relax and be free,” Tony said. He looked down at the sleeping child in his arms. “Our beautiful son is finally safe.”
His voice was rough with disuse, and it surprised even him as it came out gravely. He coughed a little, hand moving up to massage his own throat.
Tony turned to look at him finally. The genius’ big, brown eyes were vulnerable, and Bucky’s breath caught in his throat a bit. The other man was beautiful, and it was like Bucky was just now noticing this particular fact.
Bucky decided the gentlemanly thing to do would be to walk Tony back up to his floor. He went to press the button for Tony’s suite, but Tony’s had stopped him and pressed the level for his lab instead. Bucky fixed him with a disbelieving look.
Steve turned toward him, a quick movement. “We? Tony, there is no way you’re joining us in battle!” Steve protested, looking immediately worried. Tony frowned at him and shifted in his seat.
“Hey, yourself. Doing some catch-up?” Tony asked, nodding toward the tablet. Bucky often read about things he hadn’t been taught as the Soldier. He knew a lot about military history and happenings, of course. The Asset had been involved in most of them. However, he didn’t know anything about pop culture. It hadn’t been relevant in the Asset’s training.
The meeting went on for another hour, as they hammered out details about the quickened schedule. All would be announced tomorrow, and it would be hopefully quick work from there. Steve and Tony left the council room and headed back to their quarters. A silence hung between them until they got inside.
Steve surprised himself by letting out a soft laugh. The word ‘wreckage’ should have bothered him, and honestly, it did, but Tony’s soft humor was blissfully distracting him from the shock and pain.
It was more than ready for tomorrow though. He’d done a number of upgrades on it. Now he had miniaturized crossbows in the arms as well. He could shoot small arrows from internal triggers in his gauntlets.
At the head table, set up on a wooden decorated platform, he saw his father on his throne, his mother sitting on his right side. On his left, an empty seat for Tony, and next to that empty chair sat Steve. He was chatting with a redheaded woman lowly, a small smile on his face. She smiled back, and Tony could tell already that she was fiercely loyal to her Lord.
He stood on the step below Steve, like an Omega should during this ceremony. Steve reached out with careful hands, taking Tony’s own in them. He tugged slightly, making Tony step up onto the same step as him. Tony could hardly believe the gesture. His eyes were wide with disbelief and he felt love course through him right then and there.
“Surrender! You’re outnumbered. Your cause will never prevail!” Tony’s voice was slightly different in the suit. It echoed in a way, as his voice bounced off the metal. It was clear that the old Alpha didn’t recognize him.
Now that the broader details were largely finalized, Howard had decided to make an organized announcement. He did it before most had their dinner when the sun was just setting over the horizon. There was the usual pomp and circumstance as Howard called for a communal proclamation; drums in the background and formal wear. Tony and Steve made their way onto the main dais next to Howard, and the people were chattering with excitement.
Bucky shuffled closer, his eyes looked just as worried as they had back then. “I don’t care about that, Stevie,” He said honestly. “Tell me what’s wrong. I saw the gym, and then Friday said you were gone. This…this is about Tony and me, ain’t it?” Bucky sighed and looked down at his feet for a moment before glancing back up at Steve.
“I only meant…well, our proposed marriage wasn’t all that was discussed. Despite our dwindled numbers, our land has many resources. Even if an agreement was not to be made of our mating, it was proposed that your clan move some of your people under my regime in exchange for free trade. Your numbers have taken a great toll on your fields, so I’ve heard,” Steve explained easily. It all made sense of course, but Tony was shocked that the Alpha was talking such politics with him. Surely this wasn’t meant for Omega ears? This was the kind of thing the Alpha council and his father saw too.
“Goodnight, Steve,” he offered in return. He would have been horrified by the breathy quality of his voice if it weren’t taking every fiber of his being to make himself not pull Steve into his tent.
“I’ll never let harm come to you, I promise,” Tony whispered with tears in his lashes. The boy curled his little fists and kept on crying. Bruce laughed with some relief as he watched the two for a moment.
He raised his chin up at his father, a little defiant, and he knew no good could come of that either, but he did it anyway. He could see the fire raging in Howard’s eyes. The older Alpha man had probably consumed a little too much mead tonight, no doubt. That always got him going. He’d lament about not having a proper Alpha heir to his clan, how he’d be leaving their people to chaos when he passed.
This was how Tony found himself standing in front of his people, ready to attack his childhood clan. He felt nerves in his veins but he didn’t let himself dwell on them. He had a clan to lead, a war to win.
Steve was going to need to sit down soon. “This has to be a dream,” Steve muttered to himself, but again with the super hearing, Bucky caught every word. The jerk laughed, and Steve felt a slight blush form on his cheeks and the tips of his ears.
Tony looked at the Lord with wide eyes, still in complete disbelief. “This…sort of thinking. It’s common for your clan?” He wanted to know more, desperately so. Could it be? There were people out there who let Omegas do more than the housework and child rearing? A warrior! Head of Guard, no less! Not that Tony wanted that job, but perhaps this meant that Steve would let him invent!
“Don’t worry, he’ll come around,” Bucky said. “He just has a hard time with, well, anything vaguely romantic.” Bucky hoped it was only that. Steve didn’t have homophobic tendencies from their time, did he? No, Natasha was openly bisexual, didn’t care to hide it. Steve had never minded that.
“You’re not what this clan needs. You’re a disgrace. Why have the gods punished me so, by giving me a son like you?”
A soft smile, something a little more genuine than the one he’d worn for Howard, bloomed on Steven’s face. “Anthony. It is a pleasure to finally put a face to the name,” Steve greeted, and his voice was butter-soft, yet had a certain authority to it that was undoubtedly Alpha.
Tony nearly screamed, his eyes rolled back into his head as he came just from the sensation of being stretched on that knot, feeling Steve’s seed empty into him in hot waves. Just when he thought it couldn’t get better, he felt Steve’s teeth on his bonding gland, biting, breaking the skin. If he could have come again, he would have.
“Thank you, Tony. For answering all my questions,” Steve said softly to break the silence that had fallen between them. He felt such grief in his heart, and this young man didn’t deserve to witness his despair.
When they finally stepped out, they were greeted with many congratulations as they walked among the communal spaces. Tony was glad they hadn’t waited. The mark of their mating was clear on his neck, and he was sure both their scents were changed evidently as well. There was no doubt in the people’s minds that the union was complete, which is just as Tony wanted it.
Steve didn’t see a point in denying it. “I do. I…he was happy with Pepper, Buck. So, so happy. I fell for him, but I never would’ve done anything to harm what they had. They were good, for a long time. The way he smiled at her…I could never have taken that smile away from him.” Steve shook his head, trying to clear his thoughts.
“Captain Rogers is not currently in the building,” Friday answered crisply in her Irish lilt. Bucky cursed and pressed the button for Tony’s floor. They had to find him. Something was terribly wrong here.
“Wow,” Tony breathed out, and then he flushed because that was so not suave. Bucky laughed and gave him a long once over, obviously appreciating his view too, which only made Tony’s blush worse.
“Hello,” Tony greeted sleepily. Steve reached over and threaded his thick fingers into Tony’s soft brunet hair. Tony closed his eyes and let out a soft purr.
When Tony woke up the morning after crying himself to sleep, he’d hastened to his lab. He didn’t want to risk running into any of his teammates, and he definitely didn’t want to see Barnes.
“What will you name him?” Steve asked. The Alpha doesn’t even think of naming the child himself. He’s leaving it to Tony, and it just proves to Tony even more that he’s the perfect Alpha.
The redhead smiled approvingly, surprisingly enough, and it shocked Tony to smell Omega from her, though his smelling was inadvertent, a scent carried by a gust of wind. Steve stood as Tony came up the steps and circled around the table to sit in his seat, only sitting back down when Tony himself was seated.
“Now we wait. I sewed up all the internal damage I could see, stopped the bleeding. It’s up to the gods now,” Bruce told the omega. “I’m in the next tent, Tony. You call for me if anything changes, with any of you,” the doctor instructed. Tony nodded, somewhat numbly.
“We’ll find him, Buck. We’ll make this right, whatever it is.”
Bucky laughed, completely unaware of the hurt Steve was feeling. He figured the discomfort was the same as it always had been. Steve wasn’t very good with mentions of romance or sex, let alone seeing displays in public.
Before he could even come up with their next move, there had been an asteroid coming straight towards them. It’s presence had blipped on their screens before their sensors fizzled out in a chain reaction of explosions that Steve could feel, vibrating through the USS Commando tumultuously.
“You’ve been through quite the ordeal. It might be smart for you to lie back,” the man continued, raising an eyebrow at Steve’s attempts.
When the cheering quieted down enough, Howard continued his announcement. “With this union, there is not only a clear and stable succession but other advantages for both of our clans. As you know, our lands are becoming depleted from our numbers.” There was a serious murmuring in the crowd. It had been a cause for concern recently. The rations had been depleting, the number of people in their clan growing too large to support.
Navigation went offline as well, and he had to act quickly. They were in the middle of nowhere, and there wasn’t a federation planet nearby that they could hail.
The man helped him back and Steve was immediately down the stairs to greet them, no doubt having smelled it. “Thank you, Thor,” Steve told the other Alpha man, who just bowed and left them in peace. Tony’s mind was whirling with confusion, and another wave of heat hit him. He groaned as the pleasure-pain sparked up his spine.
“It’s Steve. Tony, he’s gone and the gym… the gym is a wreck; I’ve never seen it like that. Even if he breaks a couple, he always cleans it up. God, Tony…” Bucky felt terrible dread go through him. Steve had been so withdrawn lately. Bucky had been so wrapped up in Tony that he had brushed it off, disregarded all the signs.
Tony seemed to snap out of his fluster and nodded. “We’re a colony. In your language, the name of it translates to Alpha Iron. The Federation has only been in contact with us for…what, six months?” Tony seemed to be thinking hard as he said this.
It wasn’t anything like a normal suit. It had working cogs and gears that made it automatic. He had blades that came out of the arms, which he could activate with a press of a button. This would keep him and his child safe. It was sleek, with a surprising amount of mobility. Tony knew his genius; he knew the suit was beyond what had been invented in the past.
Tony smiled slightly, and Steve could actually see the gears turning in his brilliant mind as he thought it through. “Hmm. Maybe you’re right.”
He adjusted the folds of dark green fabric. It swooped in a U-shape at his front and went over his shoulders. The fabric dipped low on his back, showing the olive skin of his shoulders and spine before trailing to the floor. He slipped on a few bangles and his sandals before sitting down to enjoy a private breakfast with Pepper.
Steve cleared his throat and pretended like he hadn’t just said what he did. “You know, something like that has been invented in the Federation. You’ve just…reinvented it without any contact. I’m honestly impressed,” Steve told him.
Tony took a step back when they were finished getting him ready. He took a long look at himself. He had to admit that he looked striking. He turned around and appreciated the draped fabric. The dress dipped down slightly to show some of his back, but not as much as some of his other silks did.
“Marry me. Please. I want to leave this place,” Tony found himself saying in a breathless whisper. His eyes turned from joking to a little desperate, and Steve seemed to sense it immediately. His own features went from joyful to somber as he sensed the shift in Tony’s scent. Fear, anxiousness.
“Is there a way you could get Tony’s attention for me?” He tried that approach since he was sure access into the lab was barred. However, a simple message to turn around? Surely Tony hadn’t thought to disallow that.
“I…well…yes, of course.” Is what ends up coming out of his mouth. Very eloquent. What was he meant to be doing again? Oh, right. He was meant to be chasing this Alpha away with his utter improper behavior. But…the Alpha seemed amused.
Bucky had expected anger to fully hit Tony at some point. He’d expected the man to storm in and attack, or at the very least have him kicked out. However, three days passed and he noticed Steve starting to get worried. He learned that this was a common thing for Tony, closing himself up in his workshop when he was upset or stressed.
He almost felt sick as he made his way through the tower. He couldn’t get the image of Tony and Bucky out of his mind. They were beautiful together, everything Steve could’ve hoped for, yet it tore at him. His heart feeling like it was in pieces with every step he took as he retreated.
Bucky definitely hadn’t planned to stay the night. He knew that it would have been better to leave. He already felt guilty that he’d asked for Tony’s help, without the man knowing the truth about what he’d done. He wondered why Steve hadn’t said anything. No…he knew why. Steve was protecting him. Steve felt like he owed Bucky that protection, even from his new team, even after all the things that Bucky had done as the Soldier.
He found that he didn’t want to stay down here, though. He liked the northern areas, where he’d made a home for himself. Where he’d been freed.
“You are a Lord’s son. You don’t have that luxury,” Maria said with a shake of her head, her soft brown curls falling over her shoulders. “I’m so sorry Tony. I know this isn’t what you deserve, my precious boy, but it’s what you must do. Otherwise, our clan falls into chaos when your father passes. That or Obadiah takes over, and…well, I’d rather not have that be the case.”
He settled in the furs next to his husband and smiled when Steve turned and immediately enveloped him in an embrace. Steve’s hand came to rest on Tony’s stomach, and he muttered sleepily into Tony’s shoulder, “He will live long and sound.” Tony blinked and turned to look at his Alpha. It turned out the other man was fast asleep.
The redhead smiled at Tony, almost conspiratorially. “Natasha, Steve’s Head of Guard.” Tony’s eyebrows shot up at that. An Omega? Head of Steve’s entire military after him? He almost spat out his wine but managed to swallow without choking embarrassingly.
The skirmish lasted a couple of hours before most of Obadiah’s men were dead. They kept two alive, bound and on their knees. Steve and Tony made their way to the captured Alphas, who looked stupidly full of pride despite their loss.
“He killed them. You want me to let him stay here? Recover using money from the company my dad built? How could you ask that of me?” Tony turned his angry, red-rimmed eyes to Steve. He wouldn’t cry, couldn’t cry in front of Steve, so he clamped down hard on the sorrow, and focused on the rage.
He couldn’t let a pregnancy be the reason he couldn’t fight. He was, of course, careful to keep healthy. He didn’t walk on foot, he ate enough. The warm weather helped tremendously.
The rest of the night passed well enough. There was a lot of eating and drinking, as well as entertainment from the actors and singers. Tony met a few more of Steve’s main entourage as the night went on as well.
“Hmm. We’ll talk to him later. For now…” Bucky said, his teasing smile blooming on his face again. Tony laughed as he was kissed again, having to hurriedly put the coffee down as he was pressed back against the table to resume their newfound mutual attraction.
“He wasn’t proud of me, even when he thought I’d be Alpha,” he would say back, even though it would fall on deaf ears. Perhaps, when Tony had been very young, Howard had been a proud and hopeful father. Though, Tony had distinct memories of his childhood, even before his presenting day, where he wasn’t good enough in training. Or he wasn’t good enough during a hunt.
So he’d been the friend Tony needed. He’d watched, idly, happy enough to be an Avenger. To have a new family.
“I could say the same thing.” Bucky offered his arm to Tony, an old-fashioned gesture that honestly had Tony’s heart leaping. He took the offered arm with a shy smile. He was usually so good at this, but something about Bucky had him feeling like a sweaty-palmed sixteen-year-old picking up their prom date.
“People of my clan, I have great news. Today, there was an agreement for my son and heir to be married to Lord Steven Rogers of the North,” he said, getting right to the point. There was mostly a renewed cheering from the crowd, many glad that Tony had finally found an Alpha.
Even more gratifying still was when he took one of his kills and skinned it himself. He gave soft prayers to the gods, thanking the animal for its sacrifice, and made a fur of his own. He’d been alone then, on watch by a low-burning fire.
“What? You’re my mate, I’m in heat. There isn’t any question to it,” Tony said with a frown. Steve’s helping hands stilled and shook for a moment. His blue eyes got intensely serious.
Tony, for his part, read every single book he could get his hands on. He’d reluctantly return a large majority of them once he’d had them for too long, but the book master had let him keep a few that were particularly helpful for his work.
“Tony, can you tell me where I am?” Steve asked, knowing it had to be a planet, but he couldn’t possibly know which.
That Omega would be his, and he would burn the Rogers’ clan to the ground. Stark and Rogers’ lands both would be under his rule, and Hydra’s influence would spread until the entire world was under its, and his, dominion.
The floor was padded with large furs. There was a hearth in the middle of the house, and an area to cook and lounge. Another door led to a room, full of weapons and other discarded things. Tony’s mind’s eye immediately saw the room cleaned out in preparation for a child.
“I’ll leave you alone for a moment. A nurse should be in later to check you over again, though from what we can see there are no physical issues.” Howard seemed secretly amazed by that but had enough tact to keep it to himself.
Tony nodded, and Steve appreciated that the younger man was trying to be as normal as he could. The pity was to be expected, sure. Though, Tony was still somehow drawing him in, making him laugh even in this horrifying situation.
They curled up together; the crackling fire and the furs keeping them warm in winter’s chill.
A long, tense silence fell over them, Tony staring at Steve, and Steve staring right back. Tony knew that Steve meant every word. Hell, he knew every word was true. It would be so easy to blame Barnes, to lash out. But then who would he be? He’d have even more blood on his hands than he did already, and he knew…
Howard and Maria greeted them, and Tony allowed himself to hug his mother, though he largely ignored his father beyond the usual pleasantries. Plans for their departure were already underway. Many people were packing, and Tony could see that his own tent was in a state of slight disarray as Pepper and other Omegas in waiting worked to pack Tony’s things.
“They’re expecting the assassination to work. No doubt, they’re expecting word from Rumlow in a month or so,” Tony spoke up. “Obadiah underestimated us, and our people. He sent too few. Rumlow failed. No doubt his plan was to have us killed in the night, and for the Hydra men to take the clan over.” There were a large number of people that were not warriors. No doubt Obadiah considered his warriors to be superior, and that the good Stark warriors who had defected would align themselves with his cause or face death.
They spent a little while longer in the restaurant, choosing to share a tiramisu. They went right back to lighter topics after their brief serious discussion. They talked about the team, and Tony’s recent projects, and it just felt amazingly right.
The morning eventually did come, and just as promised, Steve was there in the bed beside Tony when he woke. He had obviously been up for a little while. He held a leather-bound book in his hands, eyes quickly roaming the pages. Tony watched him for a moment before a yawn betrayed that he was awake. Steve looked over at him and smiled, threading a small strap of leather that was sewn into the spine between the pages to keep his place as he closed the book.
Steve let out a quiet laugh, and Tony felt the butterflies stir deep in his belly. It truly was a delightful sound. “You’re sharp-minded. Strong-willed. Beautiful. I don’t think I could find a better match. I don’t want my Omega to be demure. I want someone who will lead beside me. It seems to me, you have the capability despite your upbringing. That is very telling, that you keep your ground despite it all.”
There was an eerie silence in the cold dark of the room. Water dripped from a leak in the ceiling, and it created the only sound, a persistent drip, drip, drip on the cold stone floor.
The lab was actually a very welcome place after tonight. Bucky often spent a lot of time down here with Tony, fascinated with the technology, and fascinated with the man that had created all of it.
“Ah, Tony. Congratulations on your mating. I’m sure you’ll provide Lord Steven with a worthy heir for both of our clans,” he said, his tone just as sickly fake as his countenance. Steve looked offended at that; Tony could tell that’s what he was feeling by the glint in his blue eyes.
Steve nodded as he let that sink in. Okay. He could work with this. A human colony that was just starting to learn of the Federation. At least they were allies, in a sense.
Steve looked a little shocked that Tony was speaking to him all of a sudden. Well, he better get used to the random changes in how Tony was feeling if he was planning on marrying him. “I did,” Steve confirmed with a nod. “She’s more than capable and proven her loyalty to me and my army more than I can count. I see no reason to keep her out of a job that suits her because of her biology,” he finished with a small shrug.
Tony nodded and opened his eyes again, accepting it in his heart. They were gone. Now, he had to save the lives of future generations. His and Steve’s pup that was growing inside him even now.
They spent two days with their celebrations before packing things up and making the long, hard trek home. Luckily they had more than enough supplies to get them through it as the temperatures got colder.
Steve had been right, of course. Bucky hadn’t been the same. He’d been changed, a shell of a man. And Steve found himself at a horrible impasse.
“Yes, I know,” Tony answered him with a grin. With a few access points being triggered internally, the suit whirred and came off of him piece by piece. He set the metal pieces on his workbench and stretched.
Steve nodded, clearing his throat and he looked so damn nervous, that Tony couldn’t help but smile softly. It really was adorable that Steve was so terrible at this sort of thing. “It’s okay. Come on, Steve. We’ve been friends for years. I’m banging your best friend slash possible current boyfriend. You can tell me anything,” Tony offered; his smile widened a bit to show that he was sincere.
“The North’s recent plague has made their populations thinned. Through this marriage, we have agreed that some of us from the South will migrate to the North in exchange for use of lands and for trade,” Howard continued. There was some whispering, excitement but also hesitation. Tony figured not many would want to relocate. The North, though having much to offer in resources, was quite cold and the people of Stark clan were used to their nice weather and silks.
“Ah…yes. Steven, this is my son, Anthony,” Howard’s terse voice floated through the air as Tony got close enough to stand in their circle. Their people were looking on with excitement. Some looked disapproving that Tony hadn’t looked away from Steven’s gaze; some were too swept up in the drama to care.
Tony’s eyes searched Bucky’s as the ex-assassin made his way carefully over to the genius. “I know Steve told you,” Bucky said simply, gaze unwavering. Tony took a sharp intake of breath, looking visibly shaken. The genius broke their eye contact and looked back to his worktable, his arms crossed over his chest.
“Hang them!” Came a grieved cry from the crowd. Tony turned to Steve and they both nodded at each other. The council agreed, then the religious leaders. Finally, a unanimous decision from the poll of people agreed as well.
“I’ll get the midwife and Bruce,” Steve told him. They’d brought a midwife and their most trusted doctor along, just in case something went wrong or the war lasted until the full nine months of Tony’s pregnancy. Of course, no one was foreseeing the child being born a whole month early.
“It’s a good team. They’ll keep you safe, I’m sure of it,” Tony told him. They had a large army, but they were hopeful for the least amount of causalities possible. This highly trained team was definitely capable of infiltrating and executing the most important members under the cover of night. The numbers of their army were only a backup plan, in case their planning failed.
Tony felt a light flush heat up his cheeks. He hoped it didn’t show, with it being dark out. “Thank you,” he said again. What was with this Alpha and making him wordless? Tony Stark was never at a loss for something to say, ask anyone.
“Okay. Okay…but we’re totally going to have a talk about how you got in here like that,” Tony said breathlessly. Bucky’s only response was a huff. Tony went to work, getting all of, well, everything, back online. This almost felt like a dream. A very weird dream. He knew it wasn’t, though. The Winter Soldier was sitting here, in his lab, waiting for him to…well, he wasn’t sure what. Fix his arm, probably. But he knew there was significance to Bucky coming here, to the tower.
Tony stood and gently set Peter down on his bed. He walked shakily over to Steve and caressed the Alpha’s sleeping face. “You better come back to us. If you don’t, I’ll bring you back to life and kill you myself, do you understand?” Tony whispered harshly, tears in his eyes again.
The packing went quickly. Throughout the few days that it took, Tony tried his best not to feel like his tribe wanted him gone. He just let himself focus on the fact that he was leaving. He’d be away from this place that tried its best to put him down at every turn. Even his own father had limited his mind, his training, and his right to be a fully-fledged heir, all because of his sub-gender.
“Tony!” Bucky called for his lover. He heard a grumble, and under normal circumstances, he would think it was adorable, but he couldn’t afford to think about anything other than Steve right now. “Tony, wake up, something’s wrong!” He shouted again, and that got Tony sitting up sharply, panic in his own wide brown eyes.
“Hydra…who or what is Hydra?” Tony asked Steve quietly, close enough that the Alpha could hear him through the chaos of the streets. They’d have to rein this in eventually, but Tony was trying to center himself, and it was good to let the people get their anger out for a little while.
When the usual spiel of weddings started, Tony couldn’t help but drown most of it out. He stared at Steve with almost disbelief. Disbelief that an Alpha like this could exist, and that he was marrying him.
“Today we march to attack a clan who has unjustly slaughtered our people,” Tony began, and a hush fell over the crowd that was gathered. All able to still fight looked up to him, armored and grim-faced.
Tony put his cup down carefully on the table. “No…they don’t,” he said honestly. “I hope I didn’t offend, I am just shocked that you’d be given such a responsibility.” He did look at Steve then, curious instead of mad. “You appointed her to her status?” He asked, almost hopefully.
“Tony,” Steve greeted, with that wondrously smooth Alpha voice that Tony wasn’t sure he’d ever tire of hearing. Just the tone of it struck something in him, something baser, his inner Omega preening at the attention. It would have sickened him if it had been any other Alpha, he realized.
Tony was fiercely protective of Peter, hardly letting the newborn away from him. He kept the newborn pressed against his chest at nearly all times. He’d put his clothes on over the bundle, and they were more than large enough, being later maternity sizes.
In that same time frame, Tony readied the troops for war. Obadiah knew they were here now, though he didn’t know the exact location. The element of surprise was not on their side any longer. However, they still had the numbers. According to Natasha, the small group had managed to slay many in the night and especially imperative fighters.
This one showed the words being spoken, Bucky’s screaming filling the room, and then as the words went on, Bucky silenced. His face was twitching, his eyes going dead, cold. Tony stared in horror as they made him do unspeakable things to people around him, to document the proof that their Asset worked.
“No. It’s too soon. Guards will be on high alert tonight. They don’t know who is truly loyal. They let these people in on good faith, but they aren’t stupid. We wait. Two weeks at least, let them get complacent, gain their trust,” Brock said firmly. “We can’t afford to fail. This is our best chance to snuff out the reign of Stark.”
Steve gasped as he woke, blue eyes wide as he tried to put together his surroundings. There were white, bright lights burning his vision. He definitely detected the distinct smell of a medical-type facility. Maybe he was down in medical? Had they survived the crash and gotten their systems functioning again while he was unconscious?
He conceded, nodding with a frown. “Okay. But try to capture Obadiah alive?” He wanted to watch that man die. If he couldn’t be part of the raid itself, he wanted at least that. Steve gave him a serious look and nodded.
Their son made a noise of protest at all the uproar, and then made a cry that no doubt meant he was hungry. The Omega took the tiny child from his husband to let the pup eat, which Peter did enthusiastically.
Tony laughed, despite the thought of pregnancy swirling in his mind. Maybe he should tell Steve? No, he didn’t want to get the Alpha’s hope up if it was nothing. He went about his morning, cleaning up and feeding the horses.
“I’ll pick you up at your floor at 8. Don’t forget about it.” Bucky knew that Tony often lost time as he worked. Tony regarded him fondly as he leaned back against the worktable.
“I’m glad to see that the translator is working. It’s a prototype, I had to fix the auditory sensors that were inhibiting the….right. You probably don’t care and you actually would probably like a moment to yourself,” Tony rambled as he rubbed the back of his neck nervously and gave his father a pointed look.
“You mean which one is ours?” He answered by leading him to the structure. It was only slightly bigger than most. The door, a heavy cherry wood that was adorned with iron hinges, swung open with a soft creak.
“Uh...Friday?” He tried the AI. He wasn’t used to speaking much, let alone to a bodiless entity.
The trials of the leftover prisoners were grim and swift. They all hung, with no mercy shown by Tony and Steve’s people. It was a unanimous decision from all parties.
“Wait? No…no, we’re not waiting. I…thank you for offering that, but no. I want this. I do. I don’t want there to be any doubt in people’s minds that we’re mated. And…I’ve never felt anything for another Alpha like I do for you. Even in the short time that we’ve known each other,” Tony said honestly, his brown eyes shining in the low firelight of the tent.
She didn’t recoil. She walked to him, to stand in front of him, her eyes glowing with a fierce red power that honestly startled Tony. “The gods compel you to tell the truth. You offend them with your words. How. Do. You. Plead?” She asked again. With a little flick of her wrist, a red tendril of power flashed over Rumlow’s face.
“I…I’ve been feeling guilty,” Steve admitted, voice soft. Someone without their level of hearing probably wouldn’t have even caught it. Bucky could hear it loud and clear, though, so the confusion on his face wasn’t from that.
He felt like he was going to puke, his knuckles were white with strain as they held onto the edge of the worktable. Shit, Steve was right. Tony had already known that, but now there was absolutely no fighting it, no denying it. Barnes was a victim, he’d gotten a fate worse than any of the people he’d been forced to murder.
Tony should be used to the words by now. He’s heard them every day since he presented at the young age of just sixteen. Undeserving. Useless. Meek. Omega.
Alas, all good things come to an end. His intended Alpha would be here within the week and no doubt this Steven would put an end to Tony’s puttering in the workshop, claiming it wasn’t fit work for an Omega, or whatever the case may be.
His father actually looked mildly approving for once, something that Tony wasn’t sure he’d ever get used to. It would, no doubt, not last long. “Ah, Tony. Lord Rogers and I were just discussing your impending marriage,” Howard said, as he crossed his arms over his chest. “He’s told me you agreed to it?” He looked hopeful for a confirmation.
The two Alphas fought for what seemed like forever, Tony was afraid to step into the fray. Rumlow was swinging his knife and Steve was swinging his shield just as violently. Either one could easily hit him if he tried to interrupt.
He heard Steve make a curious, confused sound, but he didn’t care to stay any longer in the presence of the Alpha. He had no idea why this man was so flippant about Tony’s improper Omega behavior, but Tony wasn’t going to fall for the Alpha’s charm!
“So I’ve heard.” The elevator stopped at their destination and Bucky easily followed Tony out. “But you know me,” Tony answered, meant to be a gentle tease in return, but it struck something in Bucky. A nice, warm feeling that bloomed through his chest. He did know him. And he wanted to know even more of him.
He stood in front of his ornate floor-length mirror, staring at himself as the two Omega women helped to get him ready. He hoped he could get the nervous shaking out of his system before he walked out there to join Steve on the dais, but he highly doubted it. Pepper reached up with gentle hands and slowly dragged sharpened coal around Tony’s eyes.
Tony smiled at the attention and admiration. He carefully held their son, who had stopped eating and fallen asleep in Tony’s arms, as newborns do. “I couldn’t have done it without you, Steve. Without our people,” Tony answered him quietly, not wanting to wake up their sleeping pup.
The High Priestess looked content with this answer and stepped to the side, addressing the judges and the crowd again. “Will our witness please step forward?” She asked, her voice a little airy.
The prisoners looked at Tony darkly, but Tony didn’t look away from their sharp gazes. “You’ll be tried for your crimes against your rightful Lords,” Tony told the prisoners before ordering for them to be taken away. They’d be shackled to one of the carts and forced to march on foot at the pace of a horse’s walk the entire way.
Steve just sighed and didn’t offer anymore protesting. It was clear though that the Alpha wanted to keep insisting that Tony stay. But really, what could he do? Tony had made up his mind that he was going to fight. Steve would just have to do his best to keep his mate and child alive at all costs.
Bucky nodded and showed him what he was reading. Tony’s eyebrows rose, surprised, as he saw what it was about. Kind of old news by now, but it still was surprising. “Gay marriage?” Tony asked, before taking yet another sip of his blessed caffeine.
Tony appreciated the sentiment, more than he could figure out how to say with words. He swallowed hard and nodded. “Thank you. You can’t begin to know how much that means.” He briefly looked away, thinking about his own next phrase carefully. “And you? Do you want this marriage?” He asked, looking curious about the answer.
Tony nodded, trying to look like his mother had convinced him. “Okay, I’ll try.” And he would, for her. Sometimes she ignored her husband’s awful behavior out of love, but she was a good woman. And Tony knew she loved him. He’d try for her but wasn’t promising he’d be ready to marry the man at first sight.
“Don’t you dare. Don’t you dare give me that look. I’m your father. You can’t even be an Omega correctly, can you? You have to be the most ostentatious, ornery Omega there ever was,” Howard continued, spitting his words in his rage.
Tony closed his eyes tightly to the sound of it, the mockery of fatherly care. Somehow, he knew that even if he’d been an Alpha, he’d never be good enough. He didn’t understand why, but he knew it to be true.
“And then you found us…you thought you’d lost us both,” Bucky said it as he realized it. Steve nodded, affirming Bucky’s suspicions. “Well, you haven’t. You haven’t lost either of us.”
This time though, his heat came with the prospect of a family. He felt the first harsh cramp and wave of want as he was on his way back from the library. He let out a shuttered gasp, and a passing villager stopped, looking at him with concern.
“Hydra,” the Asset answered brokenly.
Tony realized he was just staring. He made himself move forward, sandaled feet padding along the evened floor of their dwelling. His heart was pounding by the time he got close to his new Alpha. He stood in front of him again and Steve reached out carefully as he took off Tony’s jewelry. It was not at all rushed, a quiet process that Tony could definitely get used to.
“I’m fairly certain I just had my first contraction,” Tony said even quieter, glad that their people had moved on and had started preparing again, as well as clean up the mess of the battle. No one was really minding them now.
Bucky couldn’t help but feel absolutely giddy that Tony had put down coffee. For him.
Steve looked even more delighted and amused at that. “Feel free to. I’ll be here in the morning. And many, many mornings after that,” Steve promised softly. Tony’s heart skipped a little at the sentiment. He closed his eyes and let himself fall into unconsciousness, his Alpha surrounding him in every way.
Tony felt wrong about taking off the armor, but he did so. Couldn’t very well have a child in it. Steve settled him on the bed and prepared some hot water and towels. It could be a quick birth, or it could last a day. There was never any way of knowing.
Steve offered a kind smile and nodded. “The few you have will do for our trip. There are more once we reach our lands,” Steve supplied. Tony felt a thrill rush through him when the Alpha referred to the lands as theirs, not just his. He pulled the fur that Steve gave him tighter around his shoulders. When the Alpha wasn’t looking, distracted in conversation with Sam, he ducked down to bury his nose in the fur to catch Steve’s scent.
Also, let me know if you guys want a NSFW Epilogue? I kinda faded to black there a little bit, just because I'd rated this fic a T. I can certainly write a little follow up though if people want that! ;)
“They…they used the Winter Soldier to carry it out,” Steve finally revealed. Tony felt a lot of things in that moment. He wasn’t sure if he was angry, grieving, or feeling betrayed. It was probably a good dosage of all of those things. Bucky had killed his parents. Steve had known. The S.H.I.E.L.D information drop, no doubt.
“No. Steve Rogers is the bravest man you know. I…I’m not Captain America. I have…red on my ledger,” Bucky sighed. He’d probably picked that phrase up from Natasha. Tony went a little still at the mention of Steve. Bucky must know. He was a trained spy, he wasn’t an idiot. He must have noticed how Tony had looked at Steve in those first couple of months before he started to fall for Bucky more.
Thanks so much for all the support I've gotten with this story! I hope you'll all continue to enjoy future updates!! :)
Obadiah hummed in agreement. “We have to wait, for the perfect moment to strike. Anything else would invoke chaos.” He turned to Rumlow, looking stern. “We have to make sure our followers are everywhere. We have to infiltrate in every imperative aspect of both clans. That way when Howard and Steven’s untimely demises are met…there is no question of who leads,” he said authoritatively.
