He’s very close to John’s face now and his eyes are glued to him, the blogger feels the air so charged, like it’s suffocating. In that moment, John doesn’t see anything apart from his deep-sea eyes fixed on him.
Can a soul be crushed? It’s very illogical but that is what it feels like to him. Sherlock feels like a violin, tensed and tight, scratched by an invisible bow, but without any sound. A fake smile appears on his lips, while a burning tear falls on his cheek as life-like
And John will keep him safe, despite the mistakes, because he has made a lot of them and he owes him so much.
He sighs, but doesn’t look at me, and I can see the tension in his shoulders, for my eyes are used to knowing every expression or movement from him. It’s as if he didn’t have the courage to look into my eyes, and this scares me; a freezing terror inside of my guts.
The therapist was supposed to help him, but never did; Suddenly, one day Mrs. Hudson went to him with Sherlock and asked for his help. He was so high that John thought for an instant on not helping him and ignoring him, but in the end the doctor accepted. Then he discovered Sherlock did even that for him, always for him.
John goes to the door. «So, are you coming?» He looks back to him with his head turned to the right. Sherlock opens his mouth but doesn’t say anything.
All the tension in his body goes away with a sigh, the mask falls away from his face and now I see the man I love. Sherlock shakes his head, furious with himself, I know that look very well, like he thought he was an idiot, and I can’t allow that.
Hearing him compare me to anyone, makes me feel badly lost, because yes, it’s true, I did not tell him about Lady Mary, but only because I didn’t want to trouble his mind with such an ordinary thing.
«Yeah, yes. I understand» The consulting detective interrupts him. He gulps and half-closes his eyes.
So, at the end she escapes, she and her lies, she and her false pregnancy and John just lets her go. Because he was tired of forgiving her. He knew he stopped loving her after what she did, and he’s just tired. So when Mary prepared herself to escape, he did not object, he doesn’t want anything more to do with her, but Sherlock kept insisting.
When we were working her case, you always found ways to be alone with each other, and I satisfied this desires of both of you. I don’t say that to be praised, or demand anything from you, Watson, I’m just exposing the facts.
Together they investigated a way of exposing her, but eventually she became aggressive, so Sherlock texted him to bring the gun, and John had done it.
He thought I was leaving him for her, and I can’t believe that. He has misunderstood why I met with Mis Morstan, and I think it very strange for him to draw the wrong conclusion, yet I know how little he understands the human sentiments.
The words are suffocating inside my throat, and make me feel so confused I’m not sure I am able to talk.
And it certainly is not anything new that the great detective follows his own personal flow of thoughts and nothing is able to change it, not a good day and sometimes not even me, even if I try my best to help him.
I don’t intend to ask about it, since he’s so nervous and would probably not answer me; so I eat my breakfast in silence, often stealing a glance at him. I am not able to stay with him today as I want because I have work, and after, I must go see Mis Mortsan,
John goes to the door. «So, are you coming?» He looks back to him with his head turned to the right. Sherlock opens his mouth but doesn’t say anything.
He quickly goes up the stairs, his heart heavy with the awareness that John will never want him, and they will never have a relationship like the ones Watson has with those girls.
«You didn’t exactly reply.» His gaze fixes on him, as he tries to ignore the emotions and tries to figure out what else John is hiding.
The doctor puts his hand on the table, with his palm up and waiting. His blue and intense eyes piercing into Sherlock’s. The detective frowns and does as John wants.
«Thank you» He says with a soft tone, and that makes John smile again, and so after some months of suffocated nightmare and troubled nights, together they fall asleep. They sleep comforted by the presence of the other. Together.
«John, this is good, but...» The curly man whispers, but he stops suddenly. The doctor feels his embarrassment in the cold chills on his skin, and feels tender for him too. John wants...he doesn’t really know what, but he knows that to have Sherlock closer like that, is the most beautiful thing in the world.
John definitely stopped loving her when he found out with Sherlock and Mycroft in a little room. They were there, with a gun. And Culver Smith was talking to them from the camera, playing his mad game. He worked for Moriarty, or rather Mary.
I feel the pain in his words, even if he tries to hide it, he spits these words as if he were on a case for which he doesn’t feel a lot of sympathy.
This started at night, Morfeo’s arms failed to take him, and failed with me too; because Sherlock Holmes played his violin at impossible hours. I didn’t wish to upset him more, —I can tell he is very stressed out by the music he has been playing— I tried to be
«Nightmare, isn’t it?» The doctor looks at him and waits for the consulting detective to do the same, and after a few seconds, John sees his wonderful eyes. Sherlock nods but doesn’t reply and John sighs, a minute passes and they both look at each other before anyone says something.
That morning isn’t a good day for my Sherlock. Even if it is also an unusually clear day, sun shinning in the London streets and people are very much happier, he is not.
He remembers that moment when they were saved only thanks to the Holmes brother’s plan, and he had seen Mary in front of him. He had a gun in that moment, and yes, he had thought of shooting her. But of course, he did not. After Lestrade and the police of Scotland Yard arrived there and the problem was solved.
“And then? What would you have done? Maybe convince her not to escape, help her? God, Sherlock, she tried to shoot you again!”
He had another type of welcome from the blogger, but at least the man he loves most in the world has forgiven him now.
«I don’t want to hide anymore, I needed time to understand and accept who i am and i was so sure you wouldn’t have feelings for me. I thought it was impossible.
And the doctor nods. «Yes, I’m here. You want to get up, don’t you?» The doctor smiles at him and offers his hand to Sherlock, but he denies it and gets up on his own.
The curly-haired man looks at him with an unreadable face. But John knows him and he sees the light inside Sherlock’s eyes from a moment before.
He shakes himself, looks at his violin and plays. He has never heard or composed that song before, it just comes out of his fingers like it had always existed.
There’s a knot in John’s throat now, he feels rung dry and he can’t talk, but he must do it; Sherlock deserves it. So, John looks at the curly-haired man, because he’s moving, he’s leaving him, but when John meets the gleaming green-blue eyes of the other man, he stops.
John seems to have moved on from the fact, and everything is still the same. The blogger often goes out; like that autumn afternoon when he left the flat so quickly. Sherlock is frustrated, he started playing the violin in the middle of the night, no matter whether he would wake John up. The detective was so tired.
His Sherlock... he’s done those wound to himself and to John, but he’s the only cure for them. That man is there, sleeping and clutching John’s jacket like he needs it to sleep well, and it makes John’s anger go away. The dust between them apparently just fades and makes space for the complete love John feels for him. So John smiles a bit, leaning over Sherlock and looks at his lips. After, he caresses the consulting detective’s curly hair and steps back from him.
The confectionary is Peggy Porshen at Ebury Street, not that distant of Baker Street. A famous one for the unmistakable pink colour and for the sugar flower of the owner.
With a sigh and a shaking left hand, he steps closer to the door. He opens it slowly, because he fears he will interrupt the calm he senses inside if he does a lot of noise. Very slowly he climbs the stairs, careful not to crack them.
John wants to get a bit closer to Sherlock, but he can’t. He’s stuck  to the floor, so he remains there unmoving, and looks at the signs. Scars and burns. On Sherlock’s back. Some of the burns are older and others are on the way to healing. They are there, looking at John almost challenging, and reminding him he was not there in that occasion, as with the new bullet. Only a graze, but it hit Sherlock on the right hip and John wasn’t there. At least thanks to his good sense -and Mycroft’s- John is in the flat now. Because he did not know where Sherlock had gone and Mycroft just called him and said he had to come back there. He sent a car for John, but when the doctor tried to have other information on where Sherlock had gone, it was futile. The only thing John deduces is the connection with Mary, because she played with fire again... and Sherlock is gone. So he waited for Sherlock’s return to the flat. The doctor doesn’t have an idea where he went, because the consulting detective did not think about including him.
«I'm sorry i wasted time with you because i didn't admit what i feels, and who I am... but now here we are, just you and me; the detective that said girlfriends isn't his area and the man who doesn't care about it because it's quiet fine by the way.» He pause for a moment and looks at him.
«I’m a coward, John. I’m not the hero you believe i am, and i don’t deserve your admiring look, i don’t deserve you, but i want you to know: John, I’m in love with you. Can you hear me? I’m desperately, foolishly in love with you.» He whispers it so many times, he says the words so long, until they are broken by a sob.
And Sherlock looks pained at the floor, something burns his insides. It hurst more than his wounds, which he no longer feels.
John looks at him and finds Sherlock looking back, with attention. So they look at each other for many minutes. Something inside John is so heavy and so hard, he wants to scream the words that, many times, he has almost said. The words he has hidden from Sherlock’s accurate gaze.
John looks at him, the detective has his gaze on the floor, he swallows and inhales a stolen breath. He has to say something, anything.
«And first I wanted...well, for you to comfort me. It's you to be comfort» John feels his heart warm because of this, and turns to Sherlock too.
«About the woman, about feelings. I told you romantic attachment isn’t for me, but the truth is I just didn’t want you to think of her and me like that.» He sighs and takes a few steps towards the doctor.
«Mary is not important anymore. She will never tough you again, I swear to you, Sherlock. I promise you» John interrupts him and sees a smile appear on Sherlock’s perfect lips.
«Happy birthday, Sherlock.» He whispers to him, and glances at his face. He sees Sherlock’s embarrassment from an adorable pink color on his cheekbones.
He grunts, and I know it’s a ‘no’. So I stay in silence and look at his figure, crumbled as if he wanted to hide from the eyes of the world, even from mine. Something bad and nasty wraps around my stomach and I gulp, repressing the urge to vomit. I can’t understand what is inside his genius brain that could make him so quiet and grumpy. Holmes has his ‘peculiar moments’ but usually he allows me to touch him, maybe after some time, but he always did. He would give me a sign that he is once again in the mood for company. But not today.
And John will keep him safe, despite the mistakes, because he has made a lot of them and he owes him so much.
«I’m sorry for the misunderstanding, I should have talked to you, but I didn’t think it important to mention because of the mood in which you were, and I never imagined it was because of me…»
An agonizing vision of Sherlock sliding down the wall, his knees covering up his body and supporting his head. The light from above, illuminates him a little, and seeps into his curly hair. John gulps, he feels a huge weight inside him and an anxiousness wrap his stomach at seeing Sherlock like this: helpless, desperate.
«John, can we go upstairs now?» Suddenly whispers this in a naughty tone. John jumps when the detective’s lips kiss his neck softly.
«Forgive me for that, I swear, Sherlock. It will never happen again.» He brushes his wounds with his fingertips and Sherlock closes his eyes for an instant...then opens them again, his gaze in the glint of John’s eyes, and it’s very intense, so much that the blogger feels sucked in.
He allowed someone to get under his skin so deeply to become a vital part of him. A stupid human error that was, in the end, inevitable. John is the sense of everything, proven by how many times he speaks to the doctor, even when he’s not there. Like when
«Shut up. Just…let me speak.» He holds his face and brushes his cheekbones, they breathe the same air and the blogger’s glance is so bright when he says:
John remembers that moment when he punched him in the morgue. To calm him, of course, but he hit him so hard that Sherlock banged his head against the room and fainted.
«Yeah, yes. I understand» The consulting detective interrupts him. He gulps and half-closes his eyes.
People are boring, he has always known that, but he was no longer used to the silence after two years away from the city, to its pushing sensation. The calm of London exasperates him, because Sherlock loves the shimmering, the haunting, the interesting
And now, after two weeks, nothing has changed. Everything passed like leaves falling on the street in a little slow melody; the kind that you can hear only if you’re careful… and Sherlock is able to do so.
Holmes blinks, he knows John had been attracted to him but he was fighting with himself to believe it. It sounds like a strange request.
The few hours John can sleep, the nightmares trouble him. A dark cloud full of treason and pain...everything now in the past. But they trouble him, with the sweaty nightmares and the invisible tears.
The night is very dark, but the light of the moon in the sky and the lamppost make the street visible. It’s late, 2:35 a.m. but it’s the best time to go to Baker Street, isn’t it?
The blogger looks at him and he reads confusion on his face. So John looks at the floor pained. It’s so heavy that he feels his whole body shiver, but now he is sure.
After spending the night alone again, since my companion continued with his restlessness and did not wish to speak about it, I begin to waver.
A thing wraps itself around his stomach, twists his bowel; and only for his doctor’s cold blood can he keep the medical objects in his hands and not let them fall.
A pinch of irritation stings John, because Sherlock won’t give up with her, despite the fact that she tried to kill him! And he decided to go to Mary alone, tried to convince her to come back. John’s fist shook at the helplessness of Sherlock risking his life, yet again. The only important person in this world for John. It’s frustrating that Sherlock did this alone, without saying a word to him.
And then there’s another murder, and John runs after the murderer – male, in his early 50s, a former police officer, divorced, likes art, that’s what Sherlock said – in a dark alley, when the man turns and stabs John in the chest.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and sighed loudly, maybe even a bit too loudly. John had been suspecting for a while now that maybe Sherlock was quite talented at acting. That was the only possible explanation for quite a few things that went on in 221B. “Oh, sod off. It’s not so weird.”
“God, yes,” he said and tried not to poke Sherlock at the face from excitement when Sherlock leaned closer and finally closed his mouth around John’s dick.
“This movie is going to be a good thing,” John says. “For us. Or… or just generally good, if we have any luck.”
“Sorry,” Sherlock said. The word felt a bit weird in his mouth but then again, it had been a long time since he had last used it.
“No,” Sherlock said and then blinked. “Yes. Maybe. Not intentionally, but I hadn’t expected to find a human sitting in my living room, smelling so good.”
“Don’t be an idiot, of course it’s me.” However, he was quite certain John was going to continue being an idiot. That didn’t matter. He was illogically attracted to John anyway. “Where are we?” he asked. “This is not the sickbay.”
John waits until the door closes after Mycroft. Then he opens his mouth and closes it again. He brought salad. Not that Sherlock’s going to eat it, of course, but he has to try. He’s a fucking doctor, after all.
“I found a place to live, but I need a flatmate,” John said, still holding his hand. “So, I think we’re going home.”
“I want you back,” Sherlock says and closes his eyes. He’s too tired. His body weights a ton, he’s sinking into the mattress, and he shouldn’t be, he should be sharp and clever and figure out a way to keep John here, because the sex is over now and John is going to leave. Any minute. John is going to pick up his trousers from the floor, put them on, think that it was clever not to take off his shirt at all, because now he can get away from Sherlock faster. He’s going to walk out of the flat and take a taxi and go back to – “Mary.”
“Sherlock?” John asks when he walks in. He didn’t knock. The door wasn’t locked. If John didn’t want Sherlock walking in, he should have locked the door.
“I don’t want you to hold hands with it anywhere,” John said and then realised that had come out a bit wrong. “Well, of course you
,” Sherlock says, trying to keep weight from sinking into the phrase. They were friends. Best friends, but still just friends. He should remember that. “My only friend, really. I didn’t want to lose you.”
John breathed in. He didn’t know what was happening in his life and he didn’t know what was happening in the kitchen right now and he certainly didn’t know what was happening with his heart, only that he hoped it wasn’t a heart attack. But he knew he wasn’t a coward.
It's the perfect time to have that conversation, so Sherlock thinks, but he’s too tired to tell this to John. He blinks and John leans away from him. The light in the room wavers.
“But eventually I’m going to kiss Sherlock,” John says and frowns. “Sorry, was that a spoiler? I guess everyone’s seen the trailer already. They know we’re going to have sex.”
“I will have a private room,” the robot said. “And no other people around. Just you. I’m sure that once you think about it, you will agree it is a good idea. You won’t want any of your colleagues or…
They kissed a little later. Mycroft was crying again, John’s therapist was writing something on her notebook, and Sherlock didn’t look like he wanted to eat John anymore. Now, he looked like he was in love with John.
“Rosie,” he says to John. He’s said the name before but only to himself. “You have Rosie. You have a kid.”
John glances at Sherlock. He has dark rings under his eyes and the make-up isn’t quite covering that.
This was a bad idea. The whole movie was a bad idea. Sherlock should have just accepted that John was in his life once and isn’t anymore. That happens. That’s life. You find someone and then you lose them, that’s how life goes, and Russian literature. There’s no point in trying to get your old flatmate back by agreeing to make a movie with him.
“Piss off,” the robot said. It was pacing around at impressive speed considering that the cabin was incredibly small, much smaller than John’s, and John barely had space to do push-ups on the floor.
“Die,” Sherlock said, “so to speak. No, I don’t.” He took a deep breath. He was shivering a little, which made perfect sense, because he was sitting there without clothes. John fought the urge to cover him up with something. “But my other choice is to let people do what they want with me.”
“I was,” Sherlock says, “I am. That kind of a thing never really goes away. I’ve been trying to distract myself with cases and… well, you. Sometimes it goes better and sometimes worse.”
“And I want to hit you,” John says and turns away from him, then turns back like there’s an invisible rope pulling him towards Sherlock, and oh, wouldn’t that be convenient? “I want to hit you in the face, and I would never do it, but I want to, I want to… push you against the wall and… you wouldn’t even fight back, you idiot, but I want you to, I
He wakes up when the sun is shining on his face. He pries his eyes open. Apparently he forgot to close the curtains. He pushes the duvet away, sits up on the bed and then realises the flat is completely quiet. He rushes to the door, then to the living room, and stops. John is…
“Mycroft,” Sherlock said in an icy tone, “we were in the middle of something, so don’t you have anything else to spend your time with besides bothering us? Opium wars, perhaps? Expeditions to the Arctic?”
It takes forever. John reminds himself to breathe. Sherlock closes his eyes. John touches his face as he finally slides into him, slowly, so slowly he thinks something’s going to break inside him. His fucking heart, probably. But he doesn’t feel his own heartbeat, and what he feels instead is Sherlock clenching around him.
“I’m not surprised someone hit you,” John says, grabs Sherlock’s wrist and pulls him inside. Then John touches his face. He’s gentle but he could be gentler. He’s capable. Sherlock knows. “Did you do this on purpose?”
a few months ago,” John says in a quiet voice. “I was alone in my house, didn’t know what to do with myself, and it was on television. We looked so young.”
He's still angry at Sherlock. But sometimes he forgets about it. Just for a second. Just for long enough that he remembers what it’s like to be an ordinary man in love with an intolerable git who’s also a genius. And it’s nice, so he keeps forgetting.
Sherlock catches a taxi for John and then another one for himself, and then he goes home to do something about his hair.
, a story about an invalided army doctor and a wannabe detective who accidentally meet at hospital, start a business as private investigators, and end up getting involved in a very imaginative and highly unrealistic scandal in Belgravia.
“Where did you get that?” he asked, realising vaguely that he didn’t sound like a man who knew what was going on in his life.
The coat was heavy to hold. John pushed his left arm into a sleeve, and then the right arm, and then he breathed deeply. The coat was far too long for him, almost touching the floor, which was bad, because John couldn’t remember the last time when they had vacuumed the flat. He touched the front of the coat, fiddled with the buttons, lifted up the collar, brushed the fabric with his knuckles, and then pushed his both hands into the pockets.
“Sherlock,” John says now. The light is dimmer. John’s hands aren’t on Sherlock anymore, they’re in John’s pockets. John has taken off the gloves and washed his hands. “We’re finished here,” John says.
John looks at him. He holds John’s gaze even though it feels like John has a hand inside him, twisting. The words are hanging heavy in the air. He shouldn’t have said anything.
“He’s a military doctor,” Mycroft said, “so he knows how to kill people efficiently or stop them from dying, whatever is more practical at the time. The only family member he has left is his sister with whom he barely talks, so if you kill him, you have plenty of time to hide the corpse before anyone misses him. And he has a habit of making very questionable life choices. A perfect companion for you, then. I believe you will like him.” Mycroft frowned. “Unless you eat him. And then I believe he will be tasty.”
Okay, so, I might have been humble about the amount of crack in this story. Let me just say, this is absolutely crack. So cracky. Such crack. Very cracky crack. Hold onto your seats and sofas, my ladies and gentlemen and good people, there's going to be
,” John says. “That’s what you texted me. Right now. You haven’t texted me since… I don’t think you’ve texted me since you left me, so… Are you alright?”
But the things were good now. Still slightly weird perhaps, but John was dealing with it. At least now he understood what was going on.
“Tell Mike Stamford that you found something,” Sherlock said, staring at him, “something about me. Something that’s wrong. I don’t care what. Something… insignificant, that could affect my willingness to participate in…”
“I’m just saying,” Sherlock says and breathes out, “that you can. I’m here. We can do it on the sofa. Or in your bedroom, but I don’t think you want me there. We can… I trust that you have lubricant.”
“I was sleeping,” John says. “There’re hospitals, you know. Places you can go if you hurt yourself.”
“Humour,” Sherlock said quickly, “that was humour. A joke. I’m not a vampire. I’m a gay human man, and I jumped through the floor to kiss you. That makes sense.”
“Yes,” the therapist said. “And I’m very sorry to say this, but we’re running out of time. John, I really hope you come back next week. I’m also going to give you a number you can call any time. Just in case.”
“I wanted to call you, too,” John says and clears his throat. “But I started to wonder if… if perhaps there was a reason why you left so suddenly.”
him. John opened his zipper and touched his penis and was trying to make him come. He would have, if John hadn’t thought about Mary and stopped.
“We should go to sleep,” Sherlock says, walking to the living room, his back turned to John. He stops at the window. John can only see the back of his head. “
Sherlock takes a deep breath and opens the television but keeps the volume off. When John comes out of the bathroom five minutes later, his hair is wet and he’s wearing Sherlock’s clothes. He goes to the kitchen, takes a cup of tea and then goes through the cupboard until he suddenly freezes.
“I thought you might like it, it’s a puzzle toy, you mix it up and try to get it back to looking like that. I'm no good with them, it’d take me a year to get it, but I thought you’d enjoy it.” John told him, realising what was wrong.
Mycroft locked the door with a silent spell, casted only with a wave of his hand, and John swallowed realising that he may actually have something to be afraid of. The library was quite big, not as big as the one in school, but from floor to ceiling the walls were bookshelves. It was quite a magnificent sight.
“Don’t be boring John, you’ve got far too much potential to be boring.” Sherlock grumbled, squeezing John closer as if the gesture would shut him up. What it did was constrict John’s arms so the only comfortable place for them was around Sherlock’s waist, so there they resided with no complaints from either boy.
Sherlock was the one who replied. “She was stupefied, obviously.” John glared at him, the glare that read
At least that time his neighbour had been nice enough to leave a note through his door, stating that nobody had been injured, other than the plaster of the wall.
“You aren’t, I’m sorry, I’m being a prick.” John replied, placing a hand over his eyes as tears threatened to well up, Sherlock sighed gently, feeling guilt stir in his stomach, decided get off the bed and sit down beside him. “It’s not your fault, its mine, I should’ve seen it, I barely liked her as a friend, even when she joined the team. I’m just angry, I feel so stupid…”
Lestrade was the Gryffindor seeker. Mycroft had first bumped into him on a rainy day, those were his favourite types of days to walk the grounds, umbrella in hand, a book of some sort usually in the other as he strolled along listening to the drops pelt the umbrella. Nobody else to bother him.
They didn’t do much flying, more giggling and chatting and moaning about the bores of school life and Sarah. Too much chatter about Sarah. Sherlock almost always managed to change the subject after the sickness in his stomach began to rise.
“Sherlock? You awake?” John asked quietly, Sherlock opened his eyes; he could just about see John’s figure in the dark.
The Holmes household was nothing shy of what he expected, bigger than was definitely necessary for four people, there was a fantastic looking greenhouse and an extravagantly built tree-house that seemed to evoke some childlike giddiness as Greg looked at it all, as he stepped out of the black car and onto the gravel driveway.
Shaking the thoughts out of his head he pulled on a dark green plaid shirt and pulling a jacket from the wardrobe, so he could easily grab it on the way out.
“I was going to ask the whereabouts of her mother, but it is clear that she is no longer in the picture.” Sherlock replied, frowning slightly, as if he too seemed to be in pain. John didn’t take him for the emotional type, but he couldn’t help but feel that Sherlocks frown wasn’t one of immediate empathy.
“I don’t have friends.” Sherlock replied, his voice almost becoming a his as he scowled at John, the word
“How did you know about that?” He asked, the tunnel was dark, and too small for them to walk side by side. He could just about make out John extending his hand back for him to grab, like he was a child the Gryffindor was afraid of losing.
“I came to talk to you before she could get to you.” She replied, with a raised eyebrow, looking unfazed at the fact that John was just out of the shower, or that she was intruding quite severely into his personal space.
“Oh, that’s a relief.” Greg rolled his eyes, trying not to grin too much, as his pulse began to slow slightly. “I feel the same. Like, erm, we have a future, right?”
John had told him about a story book his mother used to read to him all the time. How it had been cremated with her. How he could still remember all the words to each one.
Then a scream and a cry came from upstairs, shattering the serenity into a thousand sharp pieces and John shot up like a light.
John pushed himself away from Sherlock’s hold, standing up and rubbing his eyes. It took him a minute to come to his senses before responding. “Uhm actually, I was wondering if I could sit with you? You’re pretty good at calming me down before matches.” He turned toward the secret door in the tree, so Sherlock couldn’t see how his face went hot after the request.
“I just wanted to check up on you, how’s your head?” Sherlock rolled his eyes, that was quite typical of John, he loved a little bit of a joke, he knew just how nosy students could be and Sherlock rolled his eyes.
Most of the other boys pulled their curtains around their bed, as they decided to succumb to sleep. He scoffed at them silently, staring up at his ceiling until he heard the prefects go up to bed.
He felt sick, scared even. He could feel his skin crawling as he thought more and more about it. He hadn't taken Conrad for that type of person at all.
"That you're transgender? Like I said, why would I? I have no reason not to like it, as I thought I clearly demonstrated moments ago. The number of people I'd be willing do do that with is limited to one."
Sherlock frowned and cut him off. “Liar, he made sure he was stable, though the freezing of her body negated his ability to put her in a recovery position.” He explained to the teacher who was looking at him surprised at the outburst.
His hands were shaking more than he’d realised when he went to put the key into the lock, twisting it slowly to keep sound to a minimum until a click was heard, he reached for the handle to push it down and it didn’t move.
To his own surprise and relief, he clocked out rather quickly, his brain shutting down for a few blissful moments of peace where he didn’t have to live through the thought of John Watson suddenly getting rid of him for Sarah Sawyer.
He supposed that was one of the things that got to her most about not having a mum. She didn’t really mind overall, but it was the little things that John didn’t do for her without having to be told. He’d looked at books about being a single dad, but it was a load of tripe in his opinion.
It would’ve been in his first instinct to groan, because most of the racket that came from upstairs was usually completely insane. Once it had been various alarm clocks set to go off one after each other, another time it was tap-dancing, on one occasion it had been gun-shots.
Mycroft had been talking since they met in fourth year about his father putting him into a job at the ministry.
"You're gonna tell me that it was just adrenaline. The suit. I looked more masculine than usual, I looked attractive to you for once, and it drove you to this. Now you're done, you're gonna get up and go on with your day. And its fine, I know its fine."  John replied, his voice was quiet, almost a whisper. It didn't take a genius to realise that it
“Get your stethoscope.” Sherlock ordered, he knew John usually carried it with him, just because, before getting up and running out of the library, turning the corner of which the scream had sounded, before stopping in his tracks.
John looked up, turning to Greg in confusion. “He did? He told me he knew, but not from the beginning, I thought he just figured it out over time. He knew, that prick knew from the very beginning and didn’t say anything!”
“There isn’t a definitive answer to what love is, it’s not like there’s a set scale on the whole emotional side of the mind, but I suppose I would consider myself in love with you.” It was clear he wasn’t lying, the tips of his ears went pink and he stared towards the floor. Mycroft Holmes being bashful was a rare occurrence but it was a tell-tale sign he was sincere.
Greg laughed, well breathed out a giggle would be a more accurate description, it was filled with nerves. “I mean like more than a friend.”
He did his best to ignore the stares as the marched through the Ravenclaw commons, before it got too much and his last resort came to taking a book from his bag and hurling at the wall, expression blank, mouth wordless, narrowly missing the head of Victor Trevor.
John convulsing around his cock practically dragged the orgasm out of him, and he held the shaking doctor close. Sherlock moaned his name into John's neck, over and over until it didn't sound like a word anymore.
Sherlock needed him. Greg would be depressed without him. Therefore, Mycroft had to keep him alive and well. He couldn’t say it outright, but the moment
He frowned as he looked at them. Abuse? It wasn’t unlikely given the alcoholic nature of John’s father, maybe that was the reason John looked so relieved the moment he stepped off the train. Suddenly the ache of concern swarmed in Sherlock’s stomach.
“Ah, ah, ah.” Mycroft replied half-heartedly, resting his hand on his fist, and waving over the bartender.
“Oh.” Sherlock replied, shaking his head, he had too much to learn about muggle culture. “Stand in front of it, like you would a normal one.”
John laughed nervously. “Not for me, no.” He replied, letting his books slip from his knees, as he hunched into himself, knowing Sherlock was watching him carefully, trying to figure him out.
Greg’s eyes widened and he dropped the letter in shock. He quickly scrambled to fold it and slide it back into the envelope, setting in the way he found it on the table, and grabbing the letters from the ministry.
The Ravenclaw frowned at him, playing with his hands as he tried to form an answer, a lie, because whilst John was his only friend, he still wasn’t sure how John would react. “I don’t know, because I don’t. That’s like asking somebody why they don’t like onions, surely there’s a reason, but the reason shouldn’t matter.” A little defensive, but it wasn’t John’s place really to ask those types of questions.
He found the classroom and knocked on the door, pushing it open a tad to see the man at his desk, one hand in his hair as he marked whatever worksheets were on his desk.
“Deal.” John replied, grinning at him, holding out his hand to shake. Sherlock took it gingerly, shaking it once before letting go.
She groaned at him like he was the one in the wrong. “You’re such a cock!” Rosie shouted at him, tailing him as he paraded round the living room, looking for his phone. He had half a mind to tell her to watch her language, but the phrase spoken made her sound so much like her dad he didn’t have the heart to.
wouldn’t trust the judgement of a man who can’t brew a Polyjuice potion on his own. There are first years who can do that.” Sherlock replied, changing his tone entirely, each word filled him with regret but he shoved it back into the box it belonged it and focused at the task at hand.
Greg. The word cute was one he’d rather keep out of his immediate vernacular. It was certainly more attractive then the swept back ginger curls he had atop his own head.
Sherlock hummed in concentration, trailing his fingers over the bookshelves, looking for something. “Saturday.”
John breathed out in relief, his notes were the only thing Professor Snape praised him on, considering he was useless in the practical aspect of potions. He supposed he’d also make a good practicals assistant, considering he’d all but memorised the ingredients for the ones they were learning. “Alright, when and where? I have quidditch practice too by the way.” John replied matter-of-factly.
As it was the weekend people weren’t wearing their robes, John among them. He was wearing a grey cable knit jumper with a hole in the sleeve at the wrist, he had his thumb stuck through it like a glove but it was clear by the fraying on the edges that the whole wasn’t meant to be there. His jeans were worn at the knees and his battered converse were practically falling apart.
need to pull your dick out of me." John replied, and Sherlock rolled his eyes. He pushed him up so he was standing again, and gently he pulled away. John groaned at the sudden emptiness.
“You’re out-numbered now, Myc.” Greg piped up, and John snorted, trying to hide it by taking a drink.
Sherlock pushed himself off the floor, walking over to inspect the machine just as John was. He was never really one to involve himself with muggle technology. He wanted to, yes, but he was scared of it, just a little (not that he’d ever admit it). So since his father had brought it home from work and set it up, he hadn't really bothered with it. Nor did he know how it worked. “Yes, is that of significance?”
“Save your brolly mate, I'm drenched as it is.” Lestrade replied, but the smile on his face told Mycroft he appreciated the gesture.
“Be my guest.” John replied simply. “How was your summer?” He asked, barely even trying to sound interested.
Those set John off immediately. He had to spend the rest of the night unable to walk because of his limp and shaking from a panic attack. But he was awake, staring up at the ceiling as screams from Afghanistan haunted his ears.
“I should’ve worked it out. I'm glad I didn’t.” Greg offered him a look of question. “I think I needed you to ask to jumpstart everything. I had to ask Anthea to know what was happening.”
Sitting at the dinner table was possibly the most uncomfortable situation John had ever been in. His voice was too high, his face was too round, every time he looked down he panicked, unsure of whether he was flat enough. There was no way on earth that he was going to pass. He jittered his knee in anticipation for the inevitable questioning, eating with as much etiquette as he could.
Breaths calm and shoulders relaxed, he walked back into the Slytherin commons, grabbing one of his umbrellas before heading out, ignoring the looks he was given by everyone who had seen his outburst before.
She smirked and wiped her tears away. “I have more friends than you, gay-boy, why don’t you run back to your psycho boyfriend?”
“As long as you promise not to make a big deal out of it.” Mycroft rolled his eyes and nodded. “Sally Donovan. She called me the Silver Surfer, he’s a comic book character, few of the other guys laughed with her. I tried my best to act like it didn’t phase me but I dunno. Shit like that gets under your skin after a bit.”
Sherlock laughed. It was genuine, and it vibrated through the shorter boy as he was pressed against him.
"Sherlock, put your dick in me right now or so help me- ah- fuck!" John squeezed his eyes shut, his toes curling as Sherlock pushed in, he had half a mind to thrust in as hard as he could, just to shut John up, but he was gentle, but even that was almost too much for the doctor. John was warm, wet and tight around his cock and he sucked in a breath. "Shirt- off- please!" John's demand was breathless and filled with lust.
“Well that checks out doesn’t it? You hadn't seen her in almost two months when you wanted to dump her, two months she hadn't been doing it, and two months you could think clearly.” Greg spoke, saying his thoughts aloud, and John nodded
“Okay, whats going on? Is she breaking up with me?” He asked, trying to keep the relief out of his tone, but the girl just rolled her eyes and shrugged.
They were on a case, chasing the criminal, John was behind Sherlock, watching his back, pistol in hand. Until he wasn’t.
“You know if I get the surgery you won’t be able to do it anymore.” John replied, setting the paper down and standing up.
For the most part there was silence, just the summer breeze and the birds, and an occasional noise from inside the house.
If he had’ve stayed with Sherlock then the door wouldn’t have locked itself, because he wouldn’t have slammed it.
They’d got the books and John managed to stare at the newest broom model for a good five minutes before Greg dragged him away to do something productive.
John had gotten annoyed, Sherlock had rubbed him the wrong way and he threw a wobbly. He’d yelled and shouted and shoved Sherlock so hard he nearly tripped over the coffee table. The worst part was, once he’d calmed down he realised that it wasn’t even a big deal, not a big enough deal to cause that kind of anger.
“You’ve started your period.” Sherlock spoke, his tone nonchalant as he pulled the needle out of John’s leg, like this was the most normal thing in the world.
Mycroft shook his head. “Sherlock keeps his secrets, but he isn’t the only Holmes that can read people. I do it better, in fact.”
Johns hand tightened in Sherlocks hair and despite knowing it would, it still caught him off guard and he gasped, allowing John to use his tongue.
The four-year-old turned her head from John’s chest to look at him, and John was looking at him with equal amount of curiosity. The detective could’ve grinned at how alike they were now Rosie could show it. “Really?” She asked with wide eyes riddled with excitement, and a genuine smile broke out onto Sherlock’s face, knowing she was going to calm down now she’d been distracted.
Mycroft mimicked his actions and stood up, but his movements were those of panic. “It wasn’t my place to-“
“You forget, John. That in the circumstance that we were to date, it would be far from a straight relationship.”
He’d never had the courage to talk to him or ask him to be his friend. He thought he was far past that childish age in which that question was acceptable to ask.
John met him with a hug, John never usually hugged him off his on volition, the last time was after he dropped Rosie of at her first day of nursery.
Maybe that’s was raised the sickness in his throat, maybe that’s what roused the nightmare from the depths of his mind but blaming it on nerves for the quidditch match seemed like the easier, simpler option.
That was when John snapped back into himself, and straightaway scrambled to help, taking Sherlocks hands from his hair and holding them. “Whoah, take a deep breath, darling.” John spoke calmly. “What’s going on, what happened?”
“Yeah?” She answered, knowing who it was, she had a ring tone for each contact, his was a song by a rapper she’d told him was called Vanilla Ice.
“I know but I couldn’t do that- It’d ruin her life and I don’t want to- I can’t-“ His speech was becoming erratic and his breathing began to speed up.
“How was your summer John?” Stamford asked, the mention of his name bringing him back to the conversation, and he looked back to face him, realising in silent horror that he hadn’t been listening.
“I wouldn’t have gone regardless. You didn’t have to stay. And slugs aside, I meant every word I said.”
“Anderson!” A familiar voice he couldn’t quite place yelled out from down the hall. The older boy sprinted, even in his haze of pain Sherlock could’ve predicted that.
To his utmost surprise, Sherlock was there also, Mycroft presumed his study date with John Watson had gone well, considering there wasn’t a reason for him to be here otherwise.
He’s had trouble sleeping ever since the nightmare’s had gotten worse, a subconscious fear making it’s way into his conscious and preventing the very idea of sleep itself.
Mycroft knew all about mockery for features you could not control, his hair for one, his nose another, but he decided to focus on the relevant topic. “I am well aware, try being ginger.”
“Thanks Myc.” His voice was soft, his eyes still fixed on Mycroft’s in a way that practically stole the breath from him.
He suspected John had tried to find him to say goodbye once they got to Kings Cross, but once he noticed the Gryffindor looking for somebody, he melted into the crowd to avoid him.
“Look whatever murderer you’re texting can wait! I need your help!” He called, some of his anger seeping into his words and he cursed himself further.
He’d certainly toyed with the idea, but he always knew his boundaries and stuck to them when he could. He was her godfather, he took care of her when needs be, but he was no more than that, at least not in his own head.
“Yep, are you coming round to mine?” John asked, and Sherlock rolled his eyes, moving closer, signalling that John keep his voice down.
“How long have I been here?” The was definite fear in his voice, his hand and body tensing, shuffling the sheets a little, so Mycroft knew without even looking.
In the end it came down to something as simple as what colour he liked better, which was the rich navy blue of the Ravenclaw house.
Greg couldn’t help a grin at how ridiculous this whole conversation had become, and John managed to smile back at him, taking a sip. “Well then why don’t you find out?”
Like always he turned so his back was facing Sherlock, and the detective realised how uncomfortable this made the doctor.
Greg sighed out an annoyed breath but didn’t press it, instead he chose to stand, pulling Mycroft up as he did so, keeping their hands clasped together.
Sherlock nodded, standing up as he needed a cup of tea, so he could read the book in peace. “Right, will that be all?”
.” He raised a hand to his face, feeling the crusted blood that had dried above his lip and on his chin.
Sherlock took this as his cue to get up, waving a finger in her direction, and pacing delicately around John as he spoke. “Oh, he forgot to mention how you payed Jim to stupefy Molly, clever thinking to use a metamorphagus. And it’s
He felt Sherlock smile into his neck. “I'm bored, and cold, and you’re warm. I haven’t slept in about three days, considering that I was up all night yesterday, playing the violin, for you. I have more chance of falling asleep with something to focus on.” The lowness of his voice vibrated through John’s chest.
This was the second time John had taken interest in his name. Asking If it was male or female, sherlock opted not to answer and instead chose to talk about the different types of ash he knew by heart, until John got bored and annoyed enough to leave him alone. “Clever, only took you a year.”
“Not your soul, darling, just your thoughts.” He spoke, his voice wasn’t as cold as he’d expected, his Irish accent slick like oil. A shiver crawled up his spine.
John fumbled with the buttons on Sherlock's shirt, his hands were shaking, unable to focus as Sherlock rubbed at him through his trousers. "Y-You aren't playing fair." The doctor choked out, resisting the urge to push against him, desperate for more.
He walked into the living room, where Mycroft would likely be waiting for him. They had the day planned for weeks, both of them wanted to go for a real date and wanted to spend some quality time with each other. Since visiting the Holmes’ residence while John was there, their time together had been fleeting, with Mycroft moving up a position in the ministry and Greg knuckling down in his training. So, this was the first time in a while where they both had a day off.
Yet still on his mind was that second-year boy, flashing through his head, and this time he was unable to remove it, deleting it wasn’t something he
The room they’d locked him in was in one of the towers, they’d put a lock on it that couldn’t be opened with any spell taught before seventh year, and there was a slat which could be open and shut for sound to get in and out considering the door had a silencing charm. At least it meant nobody could hear him if they walked past. He could scream, and nobody would hear a thing.
Well two of three had been because of Sherlock, the other was because John confessed he was trans. The girl promised not to tell anyone, but she outright stated she wasn’t a lesbian, which was certainly a kick in the stomach.
Sherlock gave up, and hung up with a frustrated huff, tossing his phone over onto the table from where he was lying on the sofa. He clearly wasn’t going to get much help from his brother, in all honesty he wasn’t sure why he thought he would. Though that point about his name was a good shout, it wasn’t like he could ask John what his name was, or where it was for that matter.
John, yes, it suited him. Sherlock could tell by the way he squinted slightly as he looked up at the first-years being sorted, that he needed glasses, but didn’t like to wear them.
John now felt very exposed, standing in his underwear in the living room of their flat, with his flatmate’s eyes raking over his body. He should’ve felt like this a moment ago with Sherlock mere inches from his crotch. “No, I uh- No I'm fine, but we’re out of biscuits.”
Abruptly, the spinning stopped, and Greg tipped his head back to swallow the rest of his drink before replying. “No, I don’t, I’ll cause one outside, come on.” He ordered, standing up and storming out of the pub, Mycroft rolled his eyes, letting out an exasperated sigh before following after him. He chased the Gryffindor up the abandoned path toward the shrieking shack, until he caught up and spun him round by the shoulder to face him.
He’d had an unpleasant experience with said feline on a midnight expedition about a month back. He ended up with a week of detention in a mind numbingly silent classroom with an idiot teacher, he was supposed to be writing lines, but he learned a charm for that the moment he realised he disagreed with a few school rules. Instead he sat at the back of the classroom with his feet on the desk, leaning back on his chair, thinking of any better way he could spend his time than this.
“Fine, thank you.” Sherlock replied, pressing his forehead against John’s back as a sign of thanks, before he went back to tracing words and spell motions into John’s old and worn out Ramones t-shirt, Sherlock knew it was a hand-me-down from Harry.
The doctor walked toward him, his stomach twisting delightfully as Sherlock's hands found his shoulders, and he licked his lips. "Can I kiss you?"
“You didn’t have to.” The smile in his voice was audible, and Mycroft closed his eyes, relaxing back into the chair, and squeezing Greg’s hand gently.
“What did I do to her to deserve this? Why did she feel she had to do that to me? I just- I- I can’t do it Sherlock- I can’t fucking do it!” He sat up abruptly and coughed, shaking from the tears and the rush to his head.
“The snitch, it happened again, like it did before, and the time before that. My wrist wasn’t just broken it was paralysed again. When I fell and Watson caught me it was because of the shock, it hurt my hand and I didn’t expect it so I let go, of my broom, not the snitch.” Greg explained, tiredness evident in his voice, even though he’d been asleep for what felt like weeks.
John watched as he stood up and threw on a woollen trench coat, pulling leather gloves over his hands, and shouldering the bag.
“There also isn’t the expectation of eye-contact when you’re staring at the sky. It’s generally easier to talk when it feels like you’re talking to yourself.”
Smiling softly to himself, he set the plate down on the desk, glancing at the book Sherlock had given him. It was a book on types of poisons. Why was he not surprised? Should he have been surprised?
Sherlock stood up, wiping his nose on his sleeve and Mycroft rolled his eyes at the twelve-year-old, watching him go before continuing to walk down the carriage when a knock on of the glass doors startled him, he physically recoiled in shock, before relaxing, realising what it was.
It would have been so much easier for him to have stood there and told her that John wasn’t at all convinced by her make-up drawn eyebrows, and that he did find her laugh quite annoying. But John would’ve probably hit him if he said that, or worse, stopped being his friend, at least until the inevitable breakup, but the possibility of a longer duration was enough for him to shut his mouth.
John wasn’t sure how he hadn’t heard him come in, or how he managed to get up from the Slytherin commons without Mrs Norris crying - or meowing rather – wolf to Filch. But still, there he was. And John tried to force the unease in his stomach back down before he replied.
The light of the moon shone down through the opening of the trees, and they took it in turns casting Lumos to keep the clearing lit. It wasn’t as cold as Sherlock had anticipated, given the jumper John had thrown at him, and the extra hoodie he’d tied around his waist should they need it, which Sherlock took immediately, it was warm and it smelled nice. John was quite pleased that his light was as bright as it was, considering he tended to get more flustered when casting spells around Sherlock. Always scared of making a tit out of himself.
It wasn’t surprising to find a Gryffindor in the Hufflepuff commons, or a Ravenclaw in the Gryffindor commons. However, people seemed still surprised as he walked into the Gryffindor common room, Gregory had been kind enough to tell him the password.
“It’s called sensory overload, if I’m diagnosing you right. I got it once over the summer.” John replied gently. “I have something that might help if you can sit on your own.” Reluctantly, John removed his arms from around the taller boy, who retracted himself as well, opening his eyes and blinking rapidly before squeezing them tight again with a soft groan.
John gave him a sheepish smile as he handed it to him, crossing his legs as he sat down in front of him. “It’s the thought that counts, right?” He laughed lightly but Sherlock didn’t, he was staring at the gift like John had just handed him Jesus Christ in a box.
“Don’t make out with him the whole way home.” She offered him a wink and a grin before ushering him out of the hall.
“I got a tin of sweetcorn.” She replied, her tongue just poking out between her teeth as she concentrated on colouring in the lines.
Mycroft furrowed his brow, muttering. “Fair and squa- Never mind. We aren’t here to talk about Sherlock. I’m worried about your health John, you might have eased the pain, but that wrist isn’t fully healed, the magic is tormenting it more. Which begs the question; why didn’t you go to a hospital?”
“So, what do you think?” Mycroft asked, he was somewhat nervous, given that this was Greg’s first impression of an entirely magic household. From what he knew, the Gryffindor didn’t see much of his mother, so their house was relatively free from magic, except for some photographs and post-cards.
Not to make excuses (but to make excuses lmao) I had exams and I've been either working or sleeping all summer so yikes
“Holmes, Sherlock.” McGonagall called, and the boy John at seen earlier walked up to the chair, sitting in it and staring ahead like he hadn’t a nerve in his body.
“Oh- I'm head boy, Ravenclaw won the house cup, I’m not in confinement anymore.” He replied quickly, cursing himself at the lie, it was obvious. “Sorry, I brought you here for this, this is your thing.” He added, stepping away from the spot he was in, his head was pounding.
“The cliché answer is because I love you. Whilst that’s true, that isn’t the full extent of the answer.” John looked at him intently, and he took it as a sign to continue. “When the issue first arose, I didn’t understand. I viewed it as a waiting game:
It didn’t seem in his manner to keep Sherlock in a place of pain if he could prevent it. He shrugged it off, he was being stupid.
notice the next day, when he came to tell Sherlock to pack, the train would be leaving in a few hours and Flitwick had instructed him to tell the younger boy,
He knew what the injury would be before it had happened. Harry dislocated her shoulder once, she’d fallen down the stairs drunk and knocked it out of place. He was terrified when it happened, he’d had to set it for her. (“You want to be a doctor, don’t you Johnny? Give us a hand then.” Though it was to avoid the hospital fee.)
“For coming to the match. I didn’t expect to see you there and I guess it helped a bit to know you were.” John paused a bit before continuing, unsure of how to word what he wanted to say. “Because I’m muggleborn, I don’t have family like the rest of the team, and I didn’t really have friends before you, so, thanks.”
“I’m sorry for not saying anything. I didn’t realise the severity of the situation.” He replied, trying not to let on how much he was enjoying the level of affection that drunk Greg always displayed.
John swallowed nervously as everyone looked at him expectantly and if it were possible he felt more out of place. Sherlocks mother was sat opposite him, Mycroft beside her. Sherlock sat beside him, and his father sat at the head of the table.
indication.” His tone grew more urgent, as he fumbled for his phone, calling Anthea, now incredibly thankful that she would have her phone in her hand.
The Gryffindor looked up, all the boys had since moved on into different conversation, losing their curiosity in John’s mystery gift quite quickly.
“Would you like to come in? You look like you need a cup of tea.” The man replied, he walked in, leaving the door open. Then he paused, grabbing something, before handing it to John, handle up. It was an umbrella. “For your leg. It’s my brothers, feel free to ruin it.” He gave John a small smile.
“Mr. Holmes you must go back to the commons.” Madame Promfrey ordered, as he sat in one of the uncomfortable chairs beside Greg’s bed in the wing. His fingers were still laced between the Gryffindor’s even though his hand was limp, and every time Mycroft acknowledged that fact it made his stomach twist with anxiety. He just needed Greg to wake up and squeeze his hand back, like he did when Mycroft said or did something nice, or he’d made him laugh.
The Slytherin sighed, “Yes fine, I apologise. I know, people have days like that, but it seems ridiculous to mope when I could be productive.”
“Kitchen!” Mycroft called back, and Greg walked in to see a bottle of wine on the table, and when he inhaled he finally clocked on to the smell of something good.
Usually he loved this, the quickening pace, the adrenaline rush through his veins but he couldn’t feel it.
Greg shook his head. “Not anymore. She was- She was fucking drugging him Myc.” Mycroft’s eyes widened. “Avery, in our year, Snape’s pet, remember?- She was making Amortentia for Sarah to give to John and
“Been in the wars have you?” The cab driver asked a grin of his face, and Sherlock could barely contain a laugh as John glowered.
“Always with the compliments.” Sherlock gave his signature shit-eating smirk, the one he knew riled John up even further. “How far will it take for you to hit me? I reckon appearance might do it.”
The first day back was always the slowest, Mycroft couldn’t wait for it to be over, so everything kicked back into full swing. He didn’t try to go to the Gryffindor commons, instead choosing to scowl at Anthea every time she texted him even though she was sitting opposite him as he read a book she’d downloaded onto his phone for him.
Sherlock was odd. John knew that. But he was acting a different kind of odd tonight, and John couldn't tell what the reasoning behind it was. Sherlock opened the cab door for him, and he slid over to the other side.  "Baker street, please." He told the cab driver, who nodded.
“If you wanted someone safe to live with, maybe you shouldn’t have picked an army doctor with PTSD,” John says. He’s holding his breath. Sherlock kisses his ear.
“Yeah,” John said and then bit his lip. “I mean, we shouldn’t. We shouldn’t have sex. It’s going to make this complicated. And I like this flat. I don’t want to move out.”
Sorry for the delay, I got very badly distracted by everything else in life, including watching television. But now here's the last chapter, and I also wrote a tiny epilogue. Thank you to everyone for reading <3
John squeezed the armrests with both hands. He fucking needed tea. “I’m going to make tea,” he said and stood up. “Would you like a cup?”
Sherlock tries to breathe. He’s not even naked. Stupid people do this every day and survive, and he's not stupid. He shouldn’t feel like every nerve-end in his body is leaning towards John’s touch.
Sherlock stared at him for a few seconds and then slowly shook his head. “I’m quite sure. Like, eighty-six percent sure. But I can’t completely exclude the possibility that what I experience as love might be just a neuro-chemical reaction to the prospect of eating you.”
But he thinks about it later. He doesn’t fucking know how to be careful. The murderer shot at Sherlock and the bullet only missed Sherlock by a few inches. John thought he’d have a heart attack. He shot the murderer in the leg and then hit him in the face, and he only let go when Sherlock grabbed his both arms and pulled them behind his back. The murderer was bleeding onto the ground. Now Sherlock is bleeding on their kitchen table, because he slipped in the shower and stumbled against the wall and his nose won’t stop bleeding.
He goes through all of it again. It’s weird, isn’t it? There’s a picture of Mycroft and Sherlock’s mother and father, standing in front of a huge house. A manor, really. Or a tiny castle. But there’s nothing about Sherlock. And when John googles Sherlock, everything he can find out is about the cases. He can’t find anything from earlier than approximately four years ago. It’s hard to believe that someone with Sherlock’s personality would have managed to live the first thirty years of their life without ending up on the internet.
“Why did you…” John begins and then stops abruptly. His face makes expressions Sherlock can’t read. Maybe he’s forgotten something about John after all, even though he thought he hadn’t forgotten anything. “Thanks for the tea.”
“Mycroft wasn’t happy with me,” Sherlock says, “so he kind of… removed every mention of me from the internet. Maybe he thought I spent time googling myself and would be shocked. But I didn’t. I was too busy trying to get the next fix. I didn’t mean to tell you any of this, John.”
“Of course,” John said and pulled his fingers out. Sherlock took a deep breath. John wanted to… wanted to pat him on the shoulder or something, just to let him know he was doing well and that he was alright and that everything was going to be alright, but he was standing in between Sherlock’s legs. He swallowed and placed his hand on Sherlock’s left knee. If Sherlock thought it was weird, that didn’t show on his face. “What is it?” John asked.
“What?” he asks, then clears his throat, because he sounds nervous and he hates it. “What?” he tries again.
,” John said, even though he was, indeed, already worrying about the age difference. “I think I’m going to be pretty busy worrying about the fact that you’re a
“This place is completely distasteful,” Mycroft said, appearing at the end of the aisle. He was holding an umbrella and he was dressed like somebody ready to go to a decent restaurant in the late 19
“Hey,” John says after a while. “Where’s your laptop? Maybe we could see if the interview from yesterday is on the internet.”
“Are you sure?” Sherlock asked, kissing the flat of John’s palm. Then he kissed John’s fingers. Then he took one of them into his mouth. For a second John thought he was going to bite it off, but he didn’t, and instead he kissed John’s wrist again, this time with teeth.
“Yeah,” Sherlock says, “no, I don’t. I don’t know why I put that in the text. I didn’t know what to say.”
Someone is using the toilet. Sherlock holds his breath for a second and then remembers it’s John. John passed out on Sherlock’s sofa last night – well, very early in the morning – and now it’s still early in the morning and apparently John has stirred awake.
“Yes,” Sherlock says. He’s squeezing John’s wrists. His hands are warm and shaking slightly. “Yes, I made you. Took me four years. It was a treat from Mycroft, after I sobered up, to be able to use his… workshop. He thought I’d make a dog. I always liked dogs.”
“What kind of dreams?” And John lets go of his chin, then touches his hair with both hands. Sinks his fingers in there. Rubs, pulls a little. “Sherlock?”
“Don’t apologise to me,” Sherlock says, sounding breathless. John pulls his hand back. “Don’t… not yet. Not until you leave me.”
“What?” Sherlock asked. All the rooms where his. He had won the piece of land the building was built on late in the 1780’s, when he had had a bit of a gambling problem. But he wasn’t going to tell that to John. John might be judgemental about gambling. “Yes,” he said. “Yes, the other bedroom is mine. Which one is it?”
“But maybe we could kiss,” John said, caressing the back of Sherlock’s hand with his thumb. Sherlock’s skin was smooth and cool and John couldn’t see any veins through the skin. “Just this once.”
“Doesn’t like sex, yeah,” Mike said. At least he had the decency to look like he knew all this sounded like it was from a cheap sci-fi story. “Please, John. If we can find a problem, then maybe we can fix it, and then everyone’s going to be happy.”
good. He sleeps in Sherlock’s bed every night. He kisses Sherlock almost whenever he wants to. He has so much sex he’s a little bit worried about his functioning abilities, but it turns out he can get hard pretty much anytime Sherlock wants him to. Maybe it’s love. He’s fucking in love with this man, and it’s goddamn scary, but also there’s nothing he can do about it, so he spreads Sherlock on the kitchen table when Sherlock asks him to and fucks Sherlock and mutters embarrassing declarations of love against the sticky skin on the small of Sherlock’s back after they’ve both come and he hasn’t pulled himself out yet.
“And maybe you could tell me your name,” John Watson said. “I’m kind of beginning to think that you aren’t a burglar, so you could introduce yourself.”
,” John says, only his voice sounds like his own. Then he pulls his shoulders back and something on his face shifts. He’s being the character again. “
for you, and I thought I was going to die too, and I know it’s stupid, you’re going to think I’m stupid, but I really thought I couldn’t… couldn’t live without you.”
“Sherlock,” John says, standing so close to him that he has his back against the wall again. “You have to
“Don’t worry,” he said, “this is just roleplay. I’m playing a human and you’re playing a vampire. What would you do to me?”
“What’s wrong?” John asked, but Sherlock barely heard him. The smell was bad enough. Surely John didn’t have to parade his veins right in front of Sherlock’s face. It would be so easy to take John’s hand and press his mouth against the crook of John’s elbow…
John leaned against the back of the armchair, staring at the coat. The only thing that made it special was that it was Sherlock’s, of course. Everything about Sherlock was special in the most infuriating way. Not that John didn’t like that. Obviously he did. Why else would he have lived with Sherlock for almost one and a half years now with only mild complaining about body parts in the fridge? No, yeah, John liked it. He liked Sherlock, and he also liked the coat.
“I’ll make us tea,” John said quickly and walked past Sherlock. So, Sherlock was sitting at the kitchen table, holding hands with a… hand. It wasn’t illegal. Sherlock wasn’t hurting anyone, not even John, even though John’s brain was kind of hurting. Everything was fine. John would make tea and they would drink it and maybe put the hand into the freezer or wherever Sherlock was planning to store it. And then they would talk about other things. He could ask Sherlock if anyone had been murdered lately. That would distract Sherlock for a moment.
And maybe love is also an illusion. Maybe their whole life is an illusion: these slow mornings in Baker Street, these afternoons when they run after assassins and murderers and, when Sherlock is very bored, bicycle thieves, these nights when Sherlock pushes his cold toes against John’s legs under the duvet and John kicks him for it but softly. Maybe it’s only going to last for as long as John will believe in it. And he will believe in it.
“I was so lonely,” John says in a quiet voice, “and then I met you. And suddenly I realised I was worrying about your sleeping habits and eating habits and smoking habits and… and you managed to hide your drug addiction from me.”
“Yes,” he says. He’s not even lying. “No cocaine. No drugs at all. Not even alcohol, but well, I always thought alcohol was a pretty poor alternative for cocaine. Cigarettes, nothing else.”
Sherlock came inside John and then pressed his face against John’s chest, his mouth open, his teeth touching John’s skin. But he didn’t bite. He stayed still for a few seconds, then closed his fingers around John’s dick and brought John off in less than a minute.
“Yes,” Sherlock says. Maybe he should follow John to the living room. Maybe he should touch John. Apologise again.
“Nowhere,” John said, staring at the hand. He took off his coat, breathed out and told himself that this wasn’t particularly more insane than most of the things Sherlock did. He could walk to the kitchen, ignore both Sherlock and the hand, and put the kettle on. He could do it. He could…
“Well, the premiere is in two days,” John says. “If this movie is good, everyone is going to want you. Just like after that Tom Hardy movie. You’re going to get busy.”
John took a step back and hit his shoulder against the closed door. Well, he hadn’t thought about that.
Sherlock stays in bed. John flushes the toilet, washes his hands, unlocks the door, walks to the kitchen, opens the cupboard door, and then pours water into what must be a glass. Or maybe a mug. Some of John’s old mugs are still here. John didn’t take them with him when he left. Maybe he didn’t like them. Sherlock closes his eyes and listens to the sounds but for a while there’s nothing, so maybe John is still standing in the kitchen, drinking water. That’s good. John should drink water. He’s going to feel awful in the morning already. Maybe he already feels awful. Or maybe he’s still drunk. Maybe he’s -
is work, too, so he tells himself as he settles on the mattress. John is standing next to it, looking nervous as hell.
“I think I should go,” John says and licks his lips. “To sleep. Or maybe for a short walk and then to sleep. We’ve got a long day ahead of us tomorrow.”
“I love you,” Sherlock says, “like, I love you in every way I can think of. Not just as a friend. I want to kiss you. And I want to have sex with you, even though I have to warn you, I’m not good in bed. There are so many nuances to it and nobody explains them to you, and so I kind of gave up a long time ago. But I want to try again. Maybe you can explain it to me. And I want you to move back in. I want you here. And I want to sleep in the same bed.”
John cleans his wounds, stops his nose from bleeding, pokes at his ribs, murmurs half-hearted apologies when he lets out involuntary gasps of pain. The light of the kitchen lamp is hanging over him, too bright. At some point he realises he’s getting hard, or maybe he’s hard already, he doesn’t know, and he doesn’t know for how long he’s been, and he doesn’t know if John notices, but John must, because he’s hands are very low on Sherlock’s stomach right now. Maybe there’s a print of a boot there.
So, Sherlock sleeps on the sofa. He’s pretty sure John and Mary don’t have sex at the other side of the thin wall. The mattress tends to creak, he knows that, he would hear it if they did. But he imagines it anyway, and then he slips into a dream. He dreams about John and Mary having sex. John is making him watch.
“You don’t have to go to your room,” Sherlock said. “I’ll go out. I have to hunt anyway. I’ve been eating pigeons and the cattle blood from Tesco. That’s not good.”
“Good,” Sherlock said, “that’s good. I’ve been told I have a weakness for bloody soldiers. Goodbye, John.”
“Fucking hell,” John says, his voice hoarse. He rolls Sherlock onto his back, sits in between Sherlock’s knees, wraps his fingers around Sherlock’s dick. His face is pink and it goes down to his chest. He says Sherlock’s name and starts moving his hand, and then he keeps it up until Sherlock comes. In his hand. There’s Sherlock’s semen in John’s hand. John wipes it in the sheets and leans back.
John Watson stared right back at Sherlock. Sherlock realised vaguely that unlike most of his species, John Watson hadn’t yet started either bargaining or begging for his life. That was interesting.
“Yeah,” John said and pushed his thumbs under the waistband of his boxers. Then he realised Sherlock was still sitting on him. “…Sherlock?”
When he wakes up, his head is in Sherlock’s lap and Sherlock is petting his hair. The television is off. Everything is quiet. He closes his eyes again and pretends to sleep.
John’s hands dragging him into the flat, gentle but efficient, apologizingly forward, incredibly familiar, and he doesn’t know why he can’t breathe. Maybe it’s the broken ribs, maybe it’s John.
John stands up. He looks lost. He could be faking it. He’s a brilliant actor, much better than Sherlock, even better than Sherlock was before the unhappy love and the drug addiction. He can say anything he wants with his eyes. He could probably make
“Yes,” John Watson said firmly. “Are you sure you aren’t high? Because I’m a doctor, and you seem a little bit –“
Sherlock thinks he’s in love with John, but then again, he doesn’t know what love is. He pours tea into two mugs, takes one to John and tells John that he’s going to clean the kitchen tomorrow. Or on Wednesday.
John doesn’t move in. It’s annoying, but Sherlock bears with it, because John spends more time in 221B than in his stupid flat.
at you, Sherlock. But also… What I said about kissing you today, I didn’t… It was weird. It was so weird, being in front of cameras and kissing someone you actually care about.”
“An attempt at humour,” Sherlock said and stopped next to the operating table. “Not exactly my area, I admit. Where do you want me?”
They moved in together. Sherlock said he needed a flatmate even though he didn’t. Then the love triangle movie with Keira Knightley and Tom Hardy came out and everyone started recognising Sherlock at the street. It was exhausting. One evening, Sherlock came home early and found John watching the movie with his laptop in the living room. John had probably downloaded it on the internet. The scene John was watching with his mouth hanging open was the one in which Sherlock was having sex with Tom Hardy.
Sherlock finds John near to the bar, emptying a glass of what looks like white wine. Something has happened to John’s hair since Sherlock last saw John, like, twenty minutes ago. It looks like someone has run their fingers through it. At the moment, John is talking to two women Sherlock doesn’t recognise, but when Sherlock walks closer, he turns to Sherlock and smiles.
John sat down in his armchair and sipped his tea. So, apparently Sherlock had gone out without his coat. That was perfectly understandable. It was a warm day. Maybe Sherlock had noticed they were running out of milk and had gone to the corner shop to – oh, god,
love story, but that’s just what makes it great. Because people don’t usually… Real life isn’t about big gestures. Real life is about… about finding someone you care about so much that you can’t even explain it. Even if he’s a dick sometimes.”
“You and me,” John said, petting Sherlock’s hair, “we’re a fucking mess. But it’s not your fault. Maybe you could’ve tried a little harder to tell me you’re a vampire, but I kind of understand why you didn’t. And what happened yesterday, that was an accident. You don’t owe me anything. Not blowjobs.”
It’s almost impossible to live with Sherlock Holmes, and after a few months, John feels like he’s always lived with Sherlock Holmes. Sherlock regularly wakes him up in the middle of the night, sometimes by playing the violin and sometimes by walking into his room and sitting on his bed and starting to talk about whatever he’s thinking about at the moment. Sherlock says John is a replacement for the skull and John very much feels so, in those moments. But he doesn’t tell Sherlock to fuck off. Or he does, but gently, and doesn’t even believe it himself.
“Oh?” his therapist said, sounding surprised. Maybe that was usually John usually spent the sixty minutes of expensive therapy trying not to say anything personal.
John breathes out and removes himself from Sherlock’s reach, pulls his shirt off Sherlock’s grip, too. Sherlock didn’t even realise he was still holding onto the fabric. The room is too quiet, he can hear himself breathing.
“I didn’t know how to do it,” Sherlock says quickly. He needs to say something to fix this, only he doesn’t know what, or what exactly he’s trying to fix. “I still don’t. You said you want to be friends again, do you remember, you said that in my trailer. When we were filming. In Cornwall. You said so. But I don’t know how. You aren’t
“I’ll wash you,” Sherlock says and then does exactly that. And after, when John feels like he’s been hard for half of his life and can’t take another second, Sherlocks drags him into his bedroom and gets the white sheets wet because neither of them bothered with a towel, and pulls John onto him and places the lube in John’s hand and undoes the lid when John just stares at it, and then holds John’s hand and helps John push a finger inside. John tells Sherlock there’s no rush. Sherlock says he’s thirty-four years old and he never thought he’d do anything like this and he doesn’t have the fucking patience. He never swears, so John kisses him and stops himself from coming and pushes the second finger into Sherlock, and then, a bit too soon but Sherlock is tugging at his arms and hissing at him now, he settles between Sherlock’s legs and pushes in.
He’d planned to live life at Hogwarts as close to home as he could, alone, head down, working hard. Years filled with sleepless nights, not for cramming but filled with boredom, boredom wandering through his mind palace in the dead of night, rearranging new information, digging up old stuff, running to the bees for some sort of comfort when everything became too much. Too loud. Too overcrowded.
"I know. I know what you're going to say, it's fine." John replied, he tried to break eye-contact, but that was extremely difficult when Sherlock was barely centimetres from his face.
School had kicked back in, the castle was bustling with life again, and the workload had reinstated itself as John studied for his OWLs.
He’d sat on the bed by the time John had turned around, the hoodie baggy enough as to not show anything.
“Speak of the devil and he shall make a commotion.” He muttered to himself and to Anthea, before pushing himself up and making a dash out of the commons to the tower his brother was in.
This man is Sherlock’s big fan, and also of John’s blog. So he is not as formal as it is usually for them.
«Good evening, Sherlock. Finally! I was worried you wouldn’t be here in time.» His tone is as deep and determined as his blue eyes; despite the tiny bit of anxiousness showing in them, but John controls it and stares at him.
The detective jumps up his seat. Unable to manage the emotions swirling inside him. He doesn’t even know how to name those feelings, he just knows he is terrified.
You can imagine what comes next: moans, touches and little giggles inside Sherlock’s bedroom. In Baker Street.
He looks at his reflection on the window and anger grows within him. ‘Who is that man?’ He asks. ‘Who am I? Just a remnant of myself?’
«Sorry to bother you, but the cake is here. The speciality of this place: chocolate and meringues. Only for you, Mr. Holmes. I’ve added something, a little symbol to make this very... sweet.» The corpulent funny-faced waiter with lively eyes goes to them with a beautiful and impeccable cake, and winks to John before going.
Now, thank God, she is far away from them, probably in a security jail, but John doesn’t care about that.
The few hours John can sleep, the nightmares trouble him. A dark cloud full of treason and pain...everything now in the past. But they trouble him, with the sweaty nightmares and the invisible tears.
John kisses and greedily sucks at his neck, with so much possession and love that Sherlock is trembling against the wall. Suddenly, the kiss grows more soft, and then he says words as lullabies against his skin. Desperate as a man who has waited so long to say those things, and happy that he can finally word them.
«It’s in the past, John. Don’t worry about it.» And there, naturally, like they don’t have a life without contact, their foreheads touch. Sherlock gets close to him and John stays there, absorbing this moment where there’s only the two of them.
I provoke him again, but he does not answer to that, he prefers to kiss me. With a groan, I embrace him too. And while our lips are united, I think about how lucky I am to have the love of the man I love as well. Too luck to be loved by the astonishing and
«God, Sherlock. How could you be sorry? How don’t you see I-» He stops an inhales. John looks at him pleading and his eyes don’t contain the tears that for years he has wanted to let pour out, for the deep love John feels for him.
I can tolerate, and even understand him not being in the mood to speak, even if I worry about it and let anguish bury deeper inside of me, I accept it. But I can’t stand him not eating.
He doesn’t reply, as I had imagined, and with a much oppressive sense of guilt I leave the flat. I hope when I come back he will listen to me and his mood will have improved, but there is a big possibility that it won’t. As I go my way down the stairs, I hear his melody turn into a dark and irritated tone, I sigh and hope to find my Sherlock in a different and positive condition.
John closes his eyes, breathing. He wants to get out, he must get out of there, because he knows he’s wrong. He feels something crack between them, and John was the one who broke it.
Miss Morstan’s kind and delicate gestures made you comfort her, and attracted your attention even more. It was clear she wanted you to come see her again, and you did.»
I don’t say anything now either, when I find him still there, in front of the window in his beige nightgown and playing violin. His tall, slim figure makes a shadow against the sun as if he wished to dull out the day with his mood.
Anyway, a few months ago she texted me; Initially, I thought it was a joke, but she went on and when I replied she..told me everything. She said we had not finished our chat, and sent me a screenshot of your conversation. She enjoyed it, I think, and when I asked her why, she said she was repaying a debt; to you, I presume. And I’m so sorry.»
Sherlock sighs and John knows he rolled his eyes, he just knows! Despite the darkness, so a little smile covers the doctor’s lips.
“God, Sherlock! You and your fixation to be cleverer than everyone else. Look at you! Look at these wounds, you know what they say to me, hum?”
“I believed that was the one and only time, I convinced myself you wouldn’t do it again. Instead look at you! Wounds, more wounds...again. Because Sherlock Holmes works only with his massive intellect, and nobody can compete with that!”
My worry heightens, and his frozen and distant eyes hurt me more than his mood does; because it feels like a stab, and I wasn’t expecting it, I wasn’t prepared. But before I can speak my torment, Mrs. Hudson enters the room. It’s nothing new that she sees us in affectionate moments, but I’m quick to draw my hand away from him before she sees it.
I desire to turn him around, hug and kiss him so hard, to consume his perfect lips. I want to whisper that everything will be fine, whatever it may be, and together we will find the solution. But I prefer not to move and wait for information from Sherlock Holmes.
What a perfect man he has beside him? And John knows that, he knew it very well before hell devastated the both of them.
“You’re a genius, try to understand by yourself.” The Captain Watson inside him takes control, so he doesn’t reply what Sherlock asks.
John sighs before opening the door to 221B Baker Street. It’s dark, but one little light lets John see a bit. Lying in the sofa, in apparent sleep, there is Sherlock.
A few months have passed since the aquarium. Sherlock had investigated into a past Rosamund didn’t want to remember. Like for example, he had learned that
Because Greg was flying straight up so fast Mycroft was surprised he was still holding on. He was holding a hand out in front of him, straight toward the flying golden ball that was hovering over the Gryffindor goals.
Though he supposed he had nothing to worry about, as by the time he got back downstairs the Gryffindor was having what sounded like a pleasant conversation with his mother. His father was out at work but had ensured Mycroft that he’d be home for dinner in order to meet the boy that had
John pulled Sherlock against him, as the taller man finally got settled under his duvet. "Sherlock?" John asked, he knew there was no point in saying it, because the taller man would've had it worked out the moment the thought entered his head.
“How can’t he be guilty if they don’t have anything else?” Sarah asked, looking at him like he was crazy, she gave him that look a lot, it didn’t really bother him anymore.
Mycroft found himself for the first time he could think of, legitimately caught off guard by something Greg had done.
Sherlock found that using the heart for more than blood circulation as tiresome and resulted in hurt, so he’d stopped a while ago.
“’Course you did.” Greg dropped Mycroft’s hand in favour of approaching a plant that had been particularly sensitive as of late, resulting in Mycroft’s gardening shirt being destroyed by fertiliser turned acidic when he got to close.
“I wouldn’t, I’ve been told he doesn’t appreciate it.” He replied, the expression fading from his face into neutral, with hints of amusement.
“Tremor in your hand, not to cause offense. As well as the positioning of your tan. I noticed it but couldn’t quite place what it was. Shot in the shoulder was it?”
Harry didn’t believe him, he honestly didn’t blame her. Despite the fact that he’d been gone the entire year, and they hadn’t anywhere near the money for him to go to a boarding school, she still didn’t get it. For the most part she didn’t take interest in him when he came home, but he nearly shit himself when she found his wand, waving it about and teasing him for it. He knew wands were only meant for one person, but he wasn’t sure that she couldn’t do any damage with it, having the small potential to be a squib. She didn’t find it so funny when her hair caught fire.
“Okay, Gavin.” Sherlock tied his scarf, walking out of the library with the charms book under his arm, and a pleased grin barely hidden in his features.
“Why’ve you got your wellies on? It hasn’t been raining sweetheart. C’mere so I can do your hair.” He asked, taking a seat on the floor by her play dressing table, and grabbing a hair tie off it. He’d been practising for ages to learn how to do braids, Rosie had been begging him to do them for her ever since she’d seen another girl at school with twin plaits down her shoulders.
“I’m going to murder him.” Sherlock muttered. “He does that, next time just break his bloody oversized face-cucumber.”
Sherlock’s hands found the small of John’s back, pulling him closer against him, and John talked his fingers in Sherlock’s hair, keeping him close.
“We’ll keep you notified of when she wakes.” She cleared her throat and nodded at them. “You are free to go.”
There was a noticeable change in Greg’s behaviour toward the end of the year. Mycroft didn’t notice at first but once he did he could stop picking in his head at every little thing Greg was doing that wasn’t normal.
He rolled his eyes to himself once he sat down at his desk, now the class were working in quiet murmurs. The smile on his face refused to go away, however.
His flat was fairly similar to John’s. Small and dark, claustrophobic, he clearly didn’t like it either, judging by the bullet holes in the wall.
“Alright, Boss.” He rolled his eyes at the nickname. “You really need to get yourself a phone though.” She’d told him, before walking off to find her sister in the swarm of students.
“I guess it’s a book.” John laughed as he took the very square, book-shaped present from his friend.
He didn’t really see the point. He knew John, after that first night, he knew what the man was capable of and what he wasn’t. It didn’t seem any nicer to ease him than to throw him in head first considering he’s shot a man dead to stop Sherlock making a stupid decision.
“Yes, with you, we look like a gay couple with a daughter, it’s quite easy for me to watch out the window and make conversation at the same time without raising suspicion.” He replied, his voice was low and melodic, baritone and frustratingly relaxing.
John had stopped eating his toast, almost dropping the jam smothered slice in surprise when the package fell onto his legs. He was staring at it in confusion, like somebody had just handed him an alien control panel and asked him to work it.
“I couldn’t think, I couldn’t read him, I-I can’t read you, I couldn’t breathe.” He wasn’t speaking from a logical place anymore, he could feel the anxiety rising in his throat, he was scared and he had no idea why.
Sherlock had gone home to get away from confinement for a bit, John had told him he should but the Gryffindor was pretty sure Mycroft forced him anyway, though his letters to John made it seem like home was just as big a prison. John knew that not to be true, Sherlock was just one for theatrics, and he told him as such in his letters (the Ravenclaw did not appreciate being called a drama queen).
It had driven him to drugs and destruction, and he’d promised his brother he’d never let it get that bad again. So, he shut it all out, everyone, emotions, sentiment, hope.
His mind was slightly more at ease, having waved Sherlock off as he got in their family’s care and drove off to the country where he lived.
Without spewing his guts onto the floor, he managed to make it to the wall, slamming his hand against it twice before drawing the circle against the stone with shaky hands, he could barely feel them now, and his gloves were stained with the blood from his nose. He tumbled into the tunnel and kept running, knowing that staying in the confine of the channel would do him just as much good as submerging himself in a crowd.
If he was honest with himself, he’d say it was quite a pretty name, elegant, and simple. Which was fitting for the holder of it.
That’s the way it was for a while, normal. He went through with his classes, took his exams. He, Greg and Anthea (and Irene if she felt like it but Mycroft tried his best to avoid talking to her) sat in a group at meals. And he and Greg still did the extra practice routine, even if Mycroft ended up having to watch for a few minutes before he could get Greg to come down.
“He said- He said that he likes me. He wants me to be his boyfriend.” He spoke, still quite unable to establish the words in his own mind, but Anthea didn’t look surprised, more happy than anything else.
“For the worlds only consulting detective, you are frightfully idiotic. Your name is William, at least it will be on somebody else’s skin.
“She said it was you.” John cut him off, he looked upset, annoyed, disappointed, his tone of voice was filled with frustration. “She said you cornered her, and you cast the spell. You did say that it would have been somebody your height.”
“Of course.” John gave another hum, which meant that he had something to ask but didn’t know how to phrase it just yet, and Sherlock ran through the list of things he could want to ask about. “So, your tattoo is on your finger, under the ring?”
John seemed to flick through a series of emotions all at once, going from surprised, to shocked, before concerned and then almost… Sad. “We still don’t have the money, Sherlock.” He replied, and Sherlock could hear the disappointment in his voice.
He didn’t know why but he felt bad almost. That had never happened before. Usually he enjoyed getting people riled up against them when they were being annoying.
“What?” He asked simply, his eyes dilated slightly every time he looked up at the younger boy. He’d noticed that after a while of staying with him in the summer, they stopped doing that when he talked about Sarah. It was one of the dead giveaways about the Amortentia.
Mycroft sighed and walked to his own room on the other side of the house, Greg was laid on his bed, reading. The sight of Greg in his glasses made him smile and he flopped himself on the bed next to the other, pressing a kiss to the hair returned to grey.
“Yes of course. The only issue I’m noticing is with her English, she’s perfectly fine verbally, she doesn’t have the usual t-h struggle either.” Sherlock spoke, trailing the end of his pen down some paperwork. “Her written work is where she’s falling short. I am aware that it is still early days yet, but there are some noticeable signs of possible dyslexia.”
Sherlock smiled. He loved watching John work things out, the look of concentration that came over his face. Sherlock had spent plenty of time glancing at John when they were studying, just to see him focused. John deduced things differently to him, going through exactly what it
The doctor stared at he ceiling, his leg straightened and tensed. He didn’t know what to expect and he didn’t know why, but for some reason he trusted whatever Sherlock was about to do.
The night (day? Who knew? Not him) drew on, and he ended up pacing his room, walking circles in the room, or tracing geometric patterns n to the floor with his foot as he stood, trying to think, to keep himself sharp.
There were times he wished he didn’t have a brother at all. Mycroft was too busy to be a good one anyway.
“Right.” He rubbed his eyes, restraining a groan as he realised he couldn’t put it on one handed either. Before he could open his mouth to speak Sherlock knew what he was going to ask.
“Yes- of course- more than okay.” John replied, unsure of what answer would be the best to give, instead choosing to give them all. “More than okay.” He settled for, and Sherlock smirked at the habit.
“So, both the Holmes’ have been involved in a casualty now.” Madame Promfrey spoke idly as they got Molly onto a stretcher to wheel her to the hospital wing.
Greg rolled his eyes, placing a hand on John’s shoulder. “Mate, stop worrying about it. Everything is going to be fine”
He often ignored Mummy and Father as a child, if he were to stay out of their way, there wouldn’t be any hassle. It was the same with Mycroft, the elder Holmes was always busy, reading or practicing and he never had much time for Sherlock.
Sherlock hummed in agreement. “Yes. Police work. Lestrade’s brought me in, because the police are out of their depth.” He was sitting fairly close to John, their legs side by side, and his arm was draped over the back of John’s chair. They were facing the window, and every time John looked at the teacher, he was studying the street outside.
Sherlock grunted in annoyance as the doors to the Ravenclaw commons opened. He’d been falling slowly through his mind palace, drooping to the floor in one of the rooms, ready to fall asleep, almost there, until a familiar hand shook his shoulder.
Besides, websites like that were a cesspool for date-rape. Considering his slender disposition and fairly attractive features, he couldn’t risk it, and he didn’t want to go through disappointment after disappointment either.
, again. I swear, they'll be smelling the colour nine for at least a week." His voice was soft, but threatening, and John smiled against his skin.
Now people were starting to mumble, Sherlock didn’t care, still staring straight ahead. Mycroft didn’t either, staring straight at Sherlock. He ignored the whispers directed to him from those at his table. He ignored the mutterings from the other tables, wondering why it was taking so long for the hat to decide.
people. But good enough I’d say.” The Gryffindor had said with a smile as he looked over his scores, offering a playful glare to Mycroft who returned with an eyeroll.
She was in his astronomy class and was seemingly infatuated with the muggle study of zodiac signs, apparently hers and Sherlock’s were highly compatible, which was ironic considering that Sherlock didn’t find any romantic compatibility in her character.
He didn’t look much like his father, a dark haired man with a thick mustache and a beer gut underneath a stained dress shirt. He got majority of his features from his mother, including his height.
John Watson sat on the train, staring out the window, as families bid each other goodbye, and friends reunited.
Mycroft zoned out for the most part occasionally clicking back into the real world and finding mediocre fun in deducing what house the child would be before the sorting hat had, though he wasn’t always right.
It was later than he’d usually be home, having to make the journey from Hogwarts, to Hogwarts and back again, and he was banking on the fact that his dad would be out at the pub and he could sneak in and pretend he came in earlier when his dad asked him about it the next day.
“If it will help reassure you that I haven’t been torn apart by a hippogriff, then sure.” He moved over slightly so there was pace on his bed, it was quite nice considering he rarely used it. “Feel free to lie down.” He added.
He had a knack for simply falling back onto ground like there was no risk of injury, it was quite fascinating to say the least, very entertaining to watch at the most.
“So, you and Mycroft, how’s that going?” John asked, he hadn't seen them act any different when they were visiting Mycroft’s family. To his knowledge they lived together in London, while Mycroft was working in the ministry and Greg was working in his police training.
John silenced his protest, with a gentle hand on Sherlock’s chest, ironically over his heart, and the detective prayed to any deity that didn’t hate him at this point, that the doctor couldn’t feel his heartbeat racing. “But nothing Sherlock, you love her more than anything.”
John paused for a moment, thinking. Sherlock doubted that using Sarah as leverage would be affective, John had negated speaking about her since he arrived, which Sherlock found curious but he threw that notion away in his persuasion. “Fine, but keep it a secret.” John replied finally, rolling his eyes a little but pushing himself up and rubbing his eyes.
“You thought you could- could jus’ hide away from me, eh?” He shoved John back against the wall of the hallway. “Thought you could leave me forever an’ then just
Almost silently, a pair of arms wrapped around his waist, and he could feel Johns head pressing into his back. He was warm, and distracting, Sherlock wanted to turn around and reciprocate. Instead he kept his eyes focused through the microscope, twisting the dials ever so slightly as if he was paying attention to what he could see under it and not focusing on John’s firm grip over his midriff.
The police trainee tilted his head to the side so his words would be audible, but he didn’t lift it from the table. “How’d you figure that then?”
To his knowledge that was the first time his little brother had smiled since arriving at the school, or perhaps his eyes around the castle were losing sight, he’d have to check up on that.
“Can I help you?” He asked, trying his best not to seem intimidated or rude, but he would much prefer to keep the way ink spat from his nip every time he tried to write, to himself.
“Myc, you alright?” He asked, his voice was filled with genuine concern, and Mycroft realised much to his chagrin that he’d been staring.
fine.” John replied, pushing himself up to kiss Sherlock again, not satisfied until the taller man relaxed into it, kissing him back.
“Jolly good, back in a jiffy.” Sherlock spoke with a grin, and John couldn’t help but smile as he watched him go.
Food was quickly ordered, by a rather pleasant lady John learned was called Mrs Hudson, and Rosie easily distracted with a colouring sheet and some crayons, to pass the time while they waited.
Sighing softly, he dropped his arms from around his legs, and followed the other boys up to the dorm.
Two sugars found their way into the small ceramic mug he’d bought her when they were on a case in Brighton, the childish motif of the three bears had caught his eye due to it’s striking resemblance to a mug he’d had as a boy.
me. Do you all understand me?” Philip’s face paled considerably, and Sherlock could feel the other boy staring into the back of his head. He wasn’t sure whether it was out of further embarrassment or appreciation.
John Watson. There was a name he knew quite well. The only reason he knew Lestrade played quidditch in the first place was because he went to the matches to see John play.
"Sherlock." John warned, handing the taller man his glass. Sherlock took it reluctantly, rolling his eyes to himself as he payed too much attention to how their fingers touched.
Sherlock stood up, kissing below John's jawline, his hand working steadily. "I do, that doesn't mean I don't want to hear it. Usually your predictable nonsense is barely tolerable, but I'm certain this is the whole point of the exercise." He spoke deeply into John's ear. His fingers knew exactly where to press and how hard to press there, touching places John didn't even know were sensitive.
“I do.” Sherlock grinned. “Wayne Buttery cheats on his wife every Wednesday with the choir instructor in the staffroom after lunch. You can always tell because he’s never able to redo his tie the same way. It’s a wonder she hasn’t noticed yet considering she also works here. It’s remarkable how blind people can be. A few simple deductions on her part and she’d be so much happier.”
He appreciated that Johns opinion of him had never faltered, not when he was accused, not when he had to protest, not when they locked him in solitude.
They called John Watson. Nobody seemed to comment on that he was forced to get ready for P.E I the girls changing room.
Mycroft flushed red but forced himself to go back to the subject at hand. “So, you don’t like your grey hair because Sally Donavan compared you to a comic book character?”
“That’s… Extraordinary, quite extraordinary.” John replied softly, taking a sip of his tea. It was made perfectly as well. This didn’t feel real to him.
“Your binder. You’ll be wearing the green one, the black one is dry for tomorrow, and I’ll wash the white one for you today.” Sherlock replied, taking a seat on the side of the bed, beside him, watching fondly as he took the mug of tea in a shaky hand.
Having John around was going to be good, considering he’s spent majority of the year in confinement, being stuck with just his parents all summer would probably be just as bad if not worse.
He couldn’t do the shot. But he couldn’t pull the needle out either. His hands were shaking to much for either.
He hadn't been able to sleep, nightmares kept plaguing every inch of unconsciousness he was able to find. Not his mum this time, which honestly should’ve been a relief. But it wasn’t, because it was Sherlock getting hurt this time.
“No promises.” John replied with a gentle laugh. Suddenly the rest of the world didn’t feel like it existed anymore. It was just him, and Sherlock, talking, laughing. No pressure to look nice or give compliments like there was with Sarah.
Mycroft ran a hand through his hair. “A good thing indeed.” He opened the door to the apartment, kicking his shoes off at the door.
John fell asleep not long after that, the sound of Sherlock reciting nothing that really mattered off the top of his head was enough to lull him into being dead to the world. He’d never really taken the time to think that Sherlock’s voice was deeper than anyone his age was, not by much, but enough for the sound to be calming.
Mycroft smiled at him, quite pleased. “Took me twenty-three attempts, two of them ended up tasting like vomit.” He remarked, taking a leaf for himself before grabbing Greg’s hand, pulling him toward the back.
“Why’re you here Greg?” John asked, turning to his friend, the Holmes had sort of split off to discuss how Mycroft was doing at work, so it was just the two of them. John had a bit of a growth spurt over the course of the summer, and was now only slightly shorter than the elder, rather than a foot of difference.
“Brother mine, I will be proud no matter where you belong. The sorting hat would never put you anywhere you don’t want, Lockie.” Mycroft spoke, placing a hand on Sherlocks knee. “Now, get up, and find a compartment.” The kindness in his tone falling away into an order.
Sherlock placed his own hand over John’s, watching as eyes trained to the tattoo that had stopped growing up Sherlock’s hand, a small smile on his lips. “I will call you Hamish for the rest of your life don’t test me.”
That was just how Sherlock worked. Considering that the Ravenclaw was his closest friend, he’d just decided that accepting the few flaws was the easiest way around them.
Before he could continue his thought process Greg was against him, his chin resting in the crook of Mycroft’s shoulder like it had done before.
For the life of him he couldn’t make sense of the metaphysical pain that overcame his as he’d stared at them in the hall. He couldn’t understand why he’d stared either. Why it bothered him so much.
“What?” Another annoying boy piped up, Philip Anderson, somebody who probably shouldn’t have taken additional maths, but did anyway, and was so vain that he argued that Sherlock, a man with a degree in the topic, was incorrect. He usually tried to be funny or clever, and usually he wasn’t.
“I wont laugh.” John replied, resting his hand on his fist with his elbow on his knee, looking at the older boy intently.
Mycroft forced his normal people smile, offering the bartender a believable fake laugh. “It’s unlikely you’ll give us something stronger.” He offered a dash of sarcasm, which she seemed to appreciate, and gave him a smirk in return.
“Anything?” John asked, handing sherlock his bag and his books, shouldering his own, keeping the stethoscope around his neck, like he’d forgotten it was there.
It takes the edge off the insult if he can fire one back. Especially if it’s a lot harsher than something as simple as “freak” or “psycho”.
“If you think that’s best, I won’t stop you.” Greg felt daring and pressed a kiss to Mycroft's temple, the Slytherin didn’t object, but he didn’t push it any further.
? Then I figured it out. It wasn’t any of that. You could very easily have shown me. It wasn’t that you couldn’t, or that you didn’t trust me. It was that you didn’t want to, and after I reached that conclusion, I realised I didn’t even care.” Sherlock laughed, shaking his head at his own stupidity.
Greg nodded, as though he was beginning to understand the point. “I mean do it on the weekend or something, give her some time to get over it. But that’s reasonable, mate. You’re with her nearly all the time, it shouldn’t matter that you hang out with one of your friends.”
He knew he was being ridiculous, he’d get up tomorrow and they’d let him out to get his stuff, and he’d go to classes with John (John would have said yes to having classes with him, it was just the way his moral’s operated). But this was the day they’d usually sneak out to the forest, and John would laugh at his inability to fly, and he’d insult John back until they were in a fit of giggles, but he couldn’t do that anymore. Not now, maybe not ever again.
“You really care about him don’t you.” Mycroft spoke once they were out the door, into the cool night. “John, I mean.”
His pale green eyes were searing into John’s own. They weren’t as icy as Mycroft’s had been, and John found himself staring into the seafoam colour. This was the closest he’d ever been able to look, and if he was honest with himself, Sherlock had fucking gorgeous eyes.
Watson had to show up and ruin everything. Well he didn’t ruin everything, he was actually quite good at keeping Sherlock right, and out of detentions, usually managing to sensor him before he accidentally said something rude or hurtful. It was a trait Sherlock appreciated in him, his heart, considering the Ravenclaw had been told on several occasions that he lacked one of his own (John’s stethoscope said otherwise, the Gryffindor liked to listen to his heartbeat when he thought Sherlock was asleep or in his head somewhere), he didn’t mind those statements much really, he preferred the mind to be his strong suit.
They used to play pirates, it was Sherlock’s favourite, him and Mycroft battling to the death, it used to be with play-swords, then fencing swords, then wands, duelling in the back garden with what little spells they knew.
“If you stay here it won’t be tonight, tomorrow and she’ll slap you in the dining hall in front of everyone.”
“The fight- and I- I couldn’t get out- and I- I missed the train- I was going to be- be stuck for two months in this fucking prison- because we fought.” Sherlock was stammering, his eyes were glossy.
Confusion wrote itself onto John’s face, mixed with frustration and upset. “What the hell are you talking about?” His voice cracked.
Sherlock waited for ten minutes, just as he’d done before. Then he got frustrated, shoving his books into his bag and offering a wave and a smile through his frustration at the librarian, before storming out of the library.
He stirred after a few more moments that felt like days no matter how irrational that sounded. Greg didn’t open his eyes, instead he chose to squeeze them tighter as tears fell down the side of his face. “Mycroft?” There was a noticeable lag between the two syllables. “I- I can’t feel anything, I-I can’t move. Wh-What happened to me, Myc? I- I can’t- I need to-” He coughed as panicked urgency set into his voice, and his breathing began to speed up. He managed to open his eyes, his gaze fixed on Mycroft who was staring down at their hands, both of his clasped around Greg’s, smearing the appalling red over pale and tan.
He could feel the gun in his hand, the shot firing, he could see the body drop to the floor as Sherlock’s hand dropped.
“You like it though, and you’re warm.” Sherlock spoke, pulling the doctor down by his jumper to kiss him properly. “Seeing as Rosamund is going out, I thought we’d stay in.” John smiled at that, always up for cuddling on the sofa, he pressed another kiss to the detectives lips.
He used what John had taught him and sighed before getting on the broom. He rose about five feet off the ground.
The older boy pushed himself up off the ground, offering a hand to him. “Alright then, off you go, clean yourself up then sleep, you need it mate.”
“None taken.” Greg nodded, watching the Gryffindor leave to join his other friends in the room. Mycroft could tell he was upset, so he tapped his cards against the table, to catch Greg’s attention again.
“Tried to ignore it, mostly. Didn’t like paying attention to the fact you were ignoring me.” Greg winced noticing the pain Mycroft tried his best to keep out of his tone, to no avail.
Sherlock rolled his eyes with a dramatic sigh and dragged himself over to put his foot through the filing cabinet again, eighteen times may be a new record. “No, try again.”
He knew something was up, he knew there was something that Greg wasn’t telling him, and he wasn’t hurt or upset about it. Greg was allowed to have secrets, he was allowed to live his own life without sharing every little detail with him.  He wasn’t upset, he was
A look of guilt crossed her face, and she tucked her curled hair behind her ear. “I was going to replace it, I just need to save up the money, don’t get your knickers in a twist.”
Greg opened the door to his apartment, it was open, meaning Mycroft was here, and he smiled softly as he hung up his coat and his bag, tossing his keys into a bowl on the sideboard in the hall. Once the extra weight was off his shoulders, he stretched back, wincing as his back cracked. He was nineteen for Christ’s sake.
“Okay, okay you can stop! I already know what it says.” John laughed; he was redder than his own Gryffindor jumper at this point. “I-I know you want to live in muggle London one day. I thought you could use something to get you started.”
Outside the window a family caught his eye. A tall ginger boy, presumably a sixth or seventh year, standing aside his little brother, or so John presumed. They didn’t look anything alike, the younger had dark brown curls, that contrasted his pale skin, his nose was considerably less prominent than his elder’s and John couldn’t quite make out his eyes. John would’ve said they were in the same year had it not been that John hadn’t seen him during the past year.
“I’ve had other matters to attend to, namely an annoying younger sibling.” Mycroft replied, his posh London accent a stark contrast to Greg’s cockney drawl. “How was your summer Gregory?” He asked in an attempt to be amiable.
If he was honest he was done with all of this soulmate business. He’d sworn to himself that he was going to stop obsessing over it nearly five years ago. He’d been searching his whole life, and after twenty-five years of looking and hunting for every John in the whole of England that could be his soulmate, he was done.
The walk through the hall wasn’t the most pleasant. Usually people gave him dirty looks, rumours spread fast and considering the fact that he wasn’t the most likable before the Molly Hooper incident, people took them at face value.
His head, just like last time, met Sherlock’s chest, covered in a jumper. Now he had both the warmth of the Ravenclaw and the blanket around him.
He’d been strangely nice during this case, few scornful comments were made toward Anderson, and he took the time to give Lestrade his statements the moment the case was closed.
“If I had just stayed alone, maybe this would be more bearable. I have no doubts that somewhere there’s a spell that enables you to watch me but doing this single-handedly is going to drive me insane. We may as well start with the talking to oneself. I wonder if Mycroft, when he hears that I’ve lost my mind, will try and do something.” He spoke aloud, flopping back against the bed they’d been so generous to give him, despite the likelihood of him using it for its intended purpose, being slim. “I miss my skull.” He muttered, placing his hands behind his head.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.” She replied, her expression turning coy as the anger faded into panic, staring around her at everybody staring.
That got a proper laugh from the Holmes. “At least you’re aware.” Mycroft smirked at him and he rolled his eyes but the fond smile on Greg’s lips told him he was still in the green.
“Yes, Sherlock told me you’re doing Physical education, it must be dreadful for you really.” Mycroft replied, his tone just shy of sympathetic, and John raised an eyebrow, unaware if the elder Holmes was mocking him or if he was trying to be sociable.
He was surprised as the shorter man pushed up, pressing their lips together, his eyes went wide before he realised what was happening, closing them, and kissing back, hand’s finding John’s waist and John’s hands found his hair.
Greg managed a hex that forced him to only speak in rhyme, and he in turn bewitched Greg’s tongue to interrupt him whenever it pleased.
Maybe he just didn’t like people outside of platonic relationships. As unlikely a hypothesis, it was the closest he’d come to a satisfying answer.
The question caught John off guard a little but he climatized quickly. “Not recently.” John replied, choosing to focus on his shot, rather than directing his gaze to Sherlock, knowing that Conrad was not a stupid man. “I had a few at the start of the year, but Sherlock was insistent on putting me off them.” He replied, directing a scowl to Sherlock who looked up at the mention of his name, replying with his sarcastic backwards smile.
“Think of me when you do it.” Sherlock called over his shoulder as he walked away, and John ran to catch up with the prefect.
He slapped the ball, blocked it from the goal and sent it flying back into the hands of Dimmock, who sped back to the others goal.
He had to do everything like Mycroft did. Damn him for being so good at everything. But Sherlock would never let him know that that’s what he thought.
“John if you’re going to keep thinking such stupid things I may have to send you out of the compartment. It’s nobody’s fault but poor organisation, they didn’t prepare for such an interaction, which is their fault, not yours. They should know by now how infuriating my little brother can be.” Mycroft spoke and John kept his eyes shut, afraid that if he opened them he may begin to cry.
John dropped the paper into his lap, hand reaching to press against his shoulder, as if sherlock could see the tattoo, if it wasn’t completely obliterated by the shot. “Okay how did you do that?” He asked, slight annoyance in his tone, Sherlock wasn’t sure why, he at least knew he was correct.
“I’ve seen you cry, and you’ve seen me, embarrassment is a construct and by now should be long gone.”
He fell back onto the sofa, and Greg sat next to him. Carefully Mycroft leant into him, Greg didn’t ask and he didn’t offer any answers but it was clear they both knew they’d have to speak about it. But for now, Greg was fine to let him cry quietly into his chest.
“’S fair.” Greg replied, sitting up, draining the rest of his pint. His eyes were red around the edges from crying, and there was a hint of bloodshot from the alcohol now coursing through his veins.
He still watched all the quidditch matches but stayed out of view so he didn’t put Greg off when he was playing.
“Years, two years of my life from me- I know.” John cut him off, clearly he’d already had that thought. “I feel so dizzy all the time, unsure of what I said or did or how it effected all my choices. I'm scared, fucking terrified, because I remember it all, but I can’t tell.”
He’d stopped his silent protest against his brother before the Christmas holidays, after the Slytherin cornered him and demanded to know what he’d done to anger the younger Holmes.
Sherlock made a mental note to scathingly deduce Sarah the next time he had the displeasure of her company.
“Dyslexia? There isn’t any in my family so-“ He faltered, realising that no matter how he’d wish it otherwise, Rosie was the whole of two halves. “Oh… Possibly Mary, I never really saw her write or read, nothing past her signature at least.”
“I was late, I might have gotten lost in my Mind Palace for a bit.” He laughed awkwardly. “I’m sorry if it upset you.”
Sliding into bed beside him, Sherlock placed a gentle hand on John’s good arm. “Do you mind contact?” He asked.
His breathes were uneven, and his face was hot, he needed to get away from everybody now. People were staring at him, as he pushed himself up and grabbed his broom.
“Well you didn’t love me, what was I supposed to do?” She replied, her voice breaking, she appeared genuinely upset like John had wronged her.
A moment later some soft music began to play from the speakers, male voices, in a rhythm and style Sherlock had never heard before but something about it was fun.
“Sherlock.” It was John. John was in the Ravenclaw commons at midnight, for no apparent reason. “Come on, mate, get up.”
“You are going to be impossible.” Sherlock spoke in response to John’s actions, taking a step closer, so their chests were barely inches apart, smirking as John swallowed looking up at him.
There was an odd sense of serenity, as they stood there for a moment in somewhat contented silence. Footsteps and voices rattling outside but they were alone, save for the other.
They were tired, exhausted even, a case had just been wrapped up, and Rosie had been put to bed long ago, John made a mental note to buy Mrs Hudson flowers or something as a thank-you. But John didn’t want to retire just yet, perfectly happy to spend a few more moments in the late-night company of his flatmate.
“Spoken like a true Gryffindor.” Sherlock’s mother, Lydia, replied with a proud smile and both Mycroft and Sherlock rolled their eyes, John supposed snark ran in the family as well as deductions. Despite his knowledge of the two being brothers, he’d never actually seen them side by side. Well exempt from the train station at the beginning of last year.
“Talk to me mate, I wont laugh, honest.” John stared at his hands in his lap, until Greg placed a hand on his shoulder, squeezing gently. He glanced up to meet the Seeker’s stare. It wasn’t mean, or intimidating, rather welcoming, kind almost. “John. Its just me and you.” John still didn’t say anything. “Primary school then, we’ll trade. You tell me, and I’ll tell you. Fair?”
“Yeah, and you don’t, which is nerve-wracking.” John laughed, wincing again as his head hurt, he offered Sherlock a smile of gratitude as the Ravenclaw passed him a paper bag with a sandwich in it.
“I couldn’t find him at the station, he didn’t sit with us on the train, he doesn’t like Sarah’s friends.” John shrugged, it was hardly his fault, he’d tried to find him, but it was busy, full of students eager to get home, and Sarah was insistent on dragging him to meet her family.
He received the misfortune of having to supervise one of the carriages, as people came back from their Christmas holidays, which meant he couldn’t sit in the same carriage as his closer acquaintances.
And so, he made his way back up, three mugs in steady hands, and he nudged the door open with his foot.
“I'm right behind you.” Sherlock spoke as John legged it out of the living room and up the stairs, bursting into Rosie’s room and turning on the lamp at her bedside table. It casted a warm yellow glow against the walls, revealing the tear stained face of his four-year-old daughter.
“What’s he like, personality wise?” Mycroft asked, enjoying the annoyed hum that fell from Greg’s lips as he was forced to pick up two cards.
.” Sherlock moaned, his fists clenched with his arms wrapped around his legs. “Won’t you get laughed at if I'm not? Surely it’ll be disappointing.”
Maybe Mycroft didn’t care like Greg did. Greg had a genuine friendship with John, almost brotherly in nature. Mycroft wasn’t John’s friend, he was barely an acquaintance, but his little brother’s business, his boyfriend’s business, was also his, and John had been a vital part in helping Sherlock flourish at Hogwarts, he had been an important and well-loved member of Greg’s team, whether he knew it or not.
The white one was the oldest, Sherlock knew just by looking. It had been bought to wear under school shirts.
Mycroft glanced at him, over his shoulder, he was preparing the plates. “Thai, from your favourite.”
“What’s wrong?” Sherlock asked, putting his book down, leaning over the side of his bed t glance down at john on the floor. The Gryffindor had tear tracks streaking down his face, and his eyes were red, he didn’t hide his face, but he looked away from Sherlock’s stare.
John could only watch gobsmacked after the teacher offered him a click of the tongue and a wink, before turning his back and walking out into the night across the playground, out the gates and down the road to heil a taxi.
"Y-Yeah." John breathed out, his grip on Sherlock's wrist loosened, and his hand dropped, resting on top of the taller man's own.
He knew what howlers were, he knew they were more commonly found in letters, but he’d seen a girl get a howler in the form of a gift box, her mother had sent it to catch her off guard. Apparently she’d set fire to her sister’s hair before she got on the train. According to McGonagall, that present ranked seventh on the scale of loudest howlers ever sent.
“Thank you.” He muttered softly as Sherlock walked to his side of the bed. The shorter man got into bed, his back facing Sherlock, as the taller man finished undressing. John was comfortable with Sherlock sleeping naked, and aside from the hoodie, he stopped wearing anything else himself.
“You don’t have one, colours are just wavelengths of light and there’s no reason you should have a preference but if you
He didn’t doubt that Sherlock was looking at him now, curled up in a vest top and a ridiculous pair of tartan pyjama bottoms, curled in on himself in a way that could hardly be considered comfortable. He didn’t doubt that the Ravenclaw was sat cross-legged deducing him just by the positioning of his hands or how tensed his shoulder was beneath the younger boy’s palm.
“First years to the dormitory, lights out is in ten minutes.” One of the house prefects, Victor was his name if Sherlock remembered rightly, called out.
“I'm sorry.” He spoke quietly, and Sherlock looked up, still keeping the needle in place, but his brow was furrowed, and he was frowning.
“Get Madame Pomfrey and Professor McGonagall to the quidditch pitch, it’s urgent.” He tried to keep the stress out of his voice, in an attempt to convince both her and himself, that he wasn’t panicking.
Scared of what would happen if he did lose John. If he lost John before knowing what name was on his skin.
“Y-Yeah.” He breathed, rubbing a hand over his eyes, trying to distract from the heat pooling in his cheeks. He couldn’t understand why this was so difficult. “They’re gonna kill him, keeping him in confinement. That or he’ll kill himself.”
He searched for Sherlock down the tables, to see the boy looking back at him, smirking as he tied his own scarf around his neck. John simply shook his head and grinned at him, before joining the rest of the conversation at his table.
“I know. But I’d rather you get eight hours like you’re supposed to.” John swallowed abruptly as Sherlock stared over him, he didn’t know if breaking eye-contact would send a message. The taller boy was close to him, their chests mere inches from each other, and John’s heart was beating like a drum.
“No, I’d just rather avoid your nagging.” He replied, opening the car door, gesturing for John to go first. The car was like a taxi, but somehow more sophisticated, Sherlock pulled the sliding glass cover over, so the driver could hear him. “Driver, home please.” He ordered. “If mother asks, the cigarette didn’t exist.”
He needed to clear his head, re-evaluate all that had just happened, and then quite honestly, he needed to fucking sleep.
like tea, that’s because the Queen of England drinks it. She can’t drink anything unless it looks like tea.” Sherlock replied his tone perfectly serious, and John stared at him in disbelief, but Rosie bought it completely.
He was walking to meet Greg, who like usual was doing extra practice, always anxious that he was never good enough. Like usual, they were gonna do the walk to put the quidditch case back in the broom shed, and likely groan about the next test they had.
He came every week, sometimes twice a week, until he could stay on the broom, and then until he could stand on the broom, until he could hang upside down and still regain his balance.
“When we were at the meeting they threatened him with veritaserum, he said he’d down the bottle and his answer would be the same.” She rolled his eyes at him and he dropped his gaze from her to the letter. “He isn’t bluffing Sarah, I know he’s innocent.”
“Just don’t forget,” Mike said, “about Sherlock. We’ve got to fix it, or I’m afraid someone’s going to hit it in the face or something.”
“You don’t need to do this,” John says to him, whispers, caresses his hair. “You don’t need to do anything like this to me, ever. I’m not… I’d never ask you to… you are my friend, Sherlock, my
John woke up in the middle of the night. Everything seemed to be alright, except Sherlock was sitting on him.
He lets the silence drag on for another second and then presses their mouths together. It takes him a moment to realise that this isn’t kissing, not yet. He doesn’t remember how. Then it comes crashing back: the first kiss, months ago, in this kitchen, right next to where they are now, only then they were standing. He wanted to hold Sherlock close. He wanted to touch everything on Sherlock, he wanted to press Sherlock against the wall and kiss every inch of Sherlock and let Sherlock have him in any way Sherlock would take him.
“Nice to see you, John,” Sherlock says, forcing his voice to behave. John is still looking him in the eyes. He wonders what John can see on his face. Maybe nothing. He’s an actor, after all.
exactly Sherlock wanted to do, but he supposed he would find out soon enough. As long as it would end with him getting off, he’d be fine.
“I know,” Sherlock says. His voice comes out strange. He’s goddamn terrified and doesn’t want to think about why. Certainly John didn’t used to stand this close to him. He would remember it, if John had.
So, everything was fine. Everything was more than fine, really. John had a new boyfriend, or… John had Sherlock, which was absolutely fucking perfect and terrifying and everything John had never realised he hoped for. John was happy.
“And you should stop talking,” John says. His hands move up and down on Sherlock’s arms. Maybe he's caressing Sherlock. Maybe that’s what this is. “Because you sound like you’re panicking and you’re making me panic, too. And I don’t need that. I’m a mess already.”
“It’s alright,” John says, clearly lying, but that doesn’t matter. Sherlock goes to the living room, sits on the sofa, in Mary’s spot.
Sherlock doesn’t really know why they would want to see the interview from yesterday, but he finds his laptop anyway. John abandons his empty plate, takes his cup of tea and comes to sit next to Sherlock on the sofa. John’s bare arm brushes against Sherlock’s arm.
“I’m not going to leave you,” John says. He’s almost sure now. Sherlock’s a drug addict, and John is paranoid and thought for a second he had been fucking a human-like robot, but they can both get over this. They can go back to being how they were. “Sorry I worried you.”
Sherlock’s appointment was late in the evening – well, what they called ‘evening’ in a starship, anyway. Mike had left already and only one of the nurses was still working. John waited until Sherlock was supposed to come in five minutes, and then he told her she could take a coffee break. She was just about to leave when the door opened.
“No, it’s not,” Sherlock says. “And it’s too much. I can’t deal with all this. It’s already kind of overwhelming that you are my friend, that you seem… genuinely worried when I almost get killed or something.”
John is still angry. Sometimes he hides it well. But when Sherlock makes a mistake, any mistake, the anger comes up. It spills into John’s eyes and words, and Sherlock wonders if perhaps they’re never going to run out of it. But it’s alright. When John is angry, he can’t stand Sherlock but he also needs Sherlock more, can’t stay away, covers the front of Sherlock’s trousers with his palm when they’re sitting in the taxi and only because Sherlock almost got shot while running after a killer. He walks angry circles in the kitchen while Sherlock goes to the toilet, and later, he doesn’t let Sherlock come until Sherlock’s practically begging him, which is terrible and undignified and makes something crawl under Sherlock’s skin, but not necessarily in a bad way. And when Sherlock finally comes, John hugs him and kisses him and wraps their bodies together so tight Sherlock doesn’t know how all their limbs fit in the bed, and tells Sherlock things he doesn’t dare to believe.
“Me,” John said. Then he cleared his throat. He stood as tall as he could, which admittedly wasn’t very tall. But he had been a captain in the army. He
“You aren’t too bad yourself,” the interviewer says. “Many people remember you from your famous role as a lover of both Keira Knightley and Tom Hardy in –“
He realises he doesn’t remember his mother’s name. He waits for a few days for it to come back but instead, he starts wondering if he ever remembered it. Actually, there’re a lot of things he doesn’t remember even though maybe he should: all the places where he’s lived, who his friends were before Afghanistan, did he ever smoke, has he tried drugs, what kind of clothes he wore as a kid, who his grandparents are, all kind of stuff. He’s too young for dementia but sometimes improbable things happen, he knows that, he’s a doctor. Maybe he should get himself checked. He mentions this to Sherlock in the living room one evening, when he’s watching TV and Sherlock is reading. Sherlock says it’s nothing and that he would know if John had dementia. But he’s looking at John like one might look at a dying man.
John finds the interview easily enough and presses ‘play’. On the screen, they’re sitting surprisingly close to each other. The camera zooms even closer and Sherlock keeps glancing at John as John answers the questions. At some point, John touches Sherlock’s leg. They’re leaning towards each other, too, and it looks like maybe they don’t even realise that.
He stood up, walked to the door and then stood there for a moment, looking at the coat. It really was just a coat. And there was no way he could
“I feel like an idiot.” John pushes his shoulders back, keeps clenching and unclenching his right fist. “I’m not gay.”
“Well, I’m glad you started with the coat,” Sherlock said, “because if I had come out of my room and found you, I don’t know, wearing my shirt, I might have been a bit more confused.”
“But you can’t be a vampire,” John said. This had to be a joke. Or a misunderstanding. Or maybe he was losing his mind. He had only recently realised he was a bit gay. It was a little too much to find out that his boyfriend was a vampire.
John steps away from him, walks to the sofa, sits down, leans his elbows against his knees, sighs, and looks straight at Sherlock, and Sherlock can’t tell what he’s thinking. It’s terrible. It didn’t use to be. Perhaps he cared less back then. Or perhaps he hadn’t yet realised how much he cares. He should have realised sooner. And he should have found another way to save John. Shouldn’t have died. Shouldn’t have disappeared.
“Yes,” the interviewer says and puts the art away, thank god. Maybe Sherlock can google it later. “So, your character, John, is Tom, a divorced middle-aged man who’s struggling to raise his teenage daughter and who’s also afraid he’s never going to find love again. And Sherlock, you are Phil, a hiking enthusiast who’s never had a proper relationship because… or you tell us. Why hasn’t Phil ever had a relationship before?”
“Sherlock,” he said and took a deep breath, “I’m very flattered, and it’s really nice, and you can still kiss my neck if you want to. I don’t mind. It’s not even really kissing, it’s just… a man touching the neck of another man with his mouth. Like, casually. So, you can do it. But we really shouldn’t have sex.”
John walks to the door, touches the handle, and stops. “I don’t hate it, you know,” John says. “Working with you again. I don’t hate it.”
“It’s Sherlock,” John says, unnecessarily, but John doesn’t know it, “he’s hurt, I don’t know what... I need to… the kitchen table…”
was ridiculous. But the fact remained that when John himself had come home from the clinic ten minutes ago, Sherlock had been nowhere to be seen and the flat had been completely quiet. And still, the coat was hanging there by the door. John had glanced at it, gone to the toilet, glanced at the coat again – still there – changed his clothes, made himself tea throwing glances at the coat, and now he was drinking the and staring at the coat.
Well, it’s more than nice. Now that John knows he’s not a living thing, not exactly, he thinks about life a lot. The concept is so weird but oddly fascinating. And it seems that one of the best things to do with human life is to love. Gently, bravely, relentlessly – to use your heart to love others until the heart gets broken, and then start all over and love again.
“I heard you were going to be in it,” Sherlock says, looking away. “I didn’t care about the script. Anyway, I didn’t realise it was going to be
But being in John’s flat doesn’t make him feel closer to John. It also doesn’t help him figure out how to make John talk to him again. He’s been in London for two weeks, and John hasn’t answered his texts.
” John asks, and then a thought hits him. He pulls back just enough to let Sherlock breathe. “You haven’t had sex before.”
Sherlock breathes in. He has his head leaning against his arms, his face in the pillow, his shoulders down, his knees on the mattress, his bottom… All in all, the posture is quite undignified.
“Me?” Sherlock asked, staring at John as if John was the one who had just got caught holding a dead hand.
“Sleeping together?” Sherlock repeated, looking considerably more shocked than when John had tried to talk to him about the coffin, or about the blood in the fridge. “You mean sex?”
“Let us know you’re thinking about it,” Greg says. “You’re thinking about him, in his pants, and you really want to touch him, because he’s right there, but you don’t know if you’re allowed, because maybe yesterday was a mistake, you know? Maybe
Sherlock sat down in the armchair across from John. He was still wearing the coat. Maybe he didn’t realise he hadn’t taken it off. His eyes were fixed on John and his mouth was a straight line.
“Yeah,” John says, “yeah, okay. I’ll just… I’ll see you the day after tomorrow, right? We’ve got that interview before the premiere.”
The next time he goes to John, the left side of his face is throbbing with pain and he has to lean against the wall to make sure he doesn’t fall over. Mary opens the door. He looks at her for two point five seconds and opens his mouth.
They don’t get a dog. John doesn’t see a doctor. People get murdered and Sherlock finds out who did it. Sometimes they save someone. Those are the best days. John forgets what he thought he had forgotten. Molly doesn’t seem worried anymore. Mycroft lets them be. John has a pint with Lestrade, who jokes about what it must be like to be Sherlock Holmes’ boyfriend, and John smiles like an idiot. It’s the best fucking thing.
The day before they met, Sherlock googled everything about John. Still, it was a shock when John walked in. And another shock was when they started reading and suddenly everything made sense, even the silly script.
“Yes,” Sherlock says. Apparently, fanfiction is people writing Spock and Captain Kirk having sex. It’s absurd what people do in their free time. But then again, he’s used much of his being high on cocaine, staring at various ceilings and wondering why his toes look so weird.
John walks the two steps to the door, then hovers there, avoiding Sherlock’s eyes. “I’m glad we’re here, doing this.”
He can hear Sherlock and Mycroft arguing in the living room, so probably he should turn around, leave the groceries and go see if Mrs. Hudson wants to have tea.
“Really?” Sherlock asked, walking in and glancing around. “And what are you planning to do with me here, cut me open?”
Three days later, John comes to Baker Street, walks circles in the living room, says something inconsequential about the weather. Looks like a soldier expecting the worst. Doesn’t sit down before Sherlock puts a cup of tea in his hands and tells him to drink it.
John’s not worried. He’s happy. He’s in a relationship with Sherlock Holmes and he’s happier than he’s ever been, which he supposes technically isn’t much, but it
“Because you’re considerably distressed about even being here. In my cabin. Where people come to conduct sexual acts on my person.”
“I’m not gay,” John tells him and then frowns. He’s not, is he? He’s an ordinary man. Slightly more interesting than the rest of them, because of the military service and the psychosomatic limp. But still an ordinary man.
when I’ve got a hangover,” John says and points at the laptop, “but that interview was so… It was so obvious that I’m in love with you, and I thought that there was no way you could’ve missed that. And I meant to say all this to you earlier, like, years ago, before you left. I was thinking about it, but I kept putting it off, and then you were gone, and I thought maybe I had driven you away, and… Do you want to kiss me?”
For a second, he thought he had made a mistake. Maybe Sherlock didn’t want to kiss him after all. That would have certainly explained why Sherlock answered his kiss eagerly as a stone.
“I can explain,” Sherlock says after the door is closed behind them. He sounds like he’s trying not to panic.
“Sit still,” John says, and Sherlock rolls his eyes. But when he urges Sherlock to tilt his head back and pinches the bridge of Sherlock’s nose, Sherlock doesn’t protest. He looks John in the eyes, and then his gaze drops onto John’s mouth. John licks his lips. Sherlock’s chest is falling and rising with his breathing. He doesn’t have a shirt on. He doesn’t have boxers, either, just a towel.
“The kettle is boiling,” Sherlock said in a steady voice. It was the same voice he often used to avoid John’s questions about the chemicals spilled on the carpet.
“I am, though,” Sherlock said. He looked exactly like he always had, except that he was sitting on the floor with nothing but boxers on, and that he had blood on his face.
“I think it’s been a long time since either of us was alright,” John says and touches Sherlock’s shoulder. “But since you’re obviously alive, maybe I should let you get back to sleep.”
,” Sherlock says, sighs, places his hand on John’s back and pulls him closer. His dick pokes at Sherlock’s stomach. “Yes, fine,” Sherlock says, grabs his chin and kisses him on the mouth. The kiss tastes sour. He kisses back. “Sex, okay.
“Do you know anything about Mycroft?” John asks Mrs. Hudson the next time they have tea. Mrs. Hudson has almost emptied her cup already, John hasn’t touched his yet. He’s nervous, no matter how much he tells himself not to be. It’s probably nothing. The bad feeling in his guts is nothing.
came out, and the critics thought it wasn’t completely terrible, and everyone else thought John and Sherlock were clearly in love. Sherlock watched the movie again and thought that yes, he and John definitely were in love on the screen. To John he said that he didn’t know what people were talking about. John looked both relieved and sad. Or maybe Sherlock just couldn’t read John’s expressions at all anymore. He was already using quite a lot of cocaine at that time.
“Yes,” Sherlock says. “I need to find John.” He turns away, then remembers he’s supposed to be polite and smiles at Tom Hardy. There’s nothing wrong with Tom Hardy, not exactly, only that Tom Hardy is not John. None of the people Sherlock can see at the moment are John, and that’s bad. Is it possible that John already left? Without saying anything? Sherlock is quite sure John wouldn’t do that, and besides, this is the after-party of the movie they’re starring in and it’s not even midnight yet. John has to be here somewhere, talking to people and smiling and saying good things about the movie.
John should fuck him, yes, that’s what they should do. John would fuck him, and then they would be even. John might forget that he was in Sherlock’s funeral.
“And what about you, Sherlock?” the interviewer says. “What did you think of the script when you first read it?”
“Sherlock,” John says now. His fingers are on the back of Sherlock’s neck, his face is so close to Sherlock that Sherlock can taste his words. They taste of alcohol. “Sherlock,” John says again, “I think I’m drunk.”
a captain. He knew how to say things as if he meant them. “Mr. Holmes,” he said to Mycroft, “I appreciate your concern over my… sofa, but you have no right to tell Sherlock what to do to me on it. And I will clean up the mess, probably, because he doesn’t know how to. He says he never saw a vacuum cleaner before moving in with me, and you know what? I believe him. He’s a disaster, but he’s my disaster, and I’m going to clean up the mess.” And then he paused and took a deep breath.
“It really isn’t,” John said slowly. They didn’t usually discuss Sherlock’s feelings for him. But then again, it was quite obvious that Sherlock fancied John, so John supposed they could as well have a conversation about it. “We’re flatmates,” he said. “We really shouldn’t start sleeping together.”
He sighed. He was quickly approaching the conclusion that the human who had wandered into his apartment possessed even more modest mental skills than humans usually did.
“Thank you,” Sherlock said but didn’t start putting the clothes on. “Tell Mike that you found something.”
“What?” John asks, then blinks and shakes his head. “That’s not important. I’m telling you, I should’ve never done it, I’m sorry for… for taking the advantage, and…”
Oh, god, he had his hands in Sherlock’s pockets. He was wearing Sherlock’s coat and he had his hands in Sherlock’s pockets, which was where Sherlock kept his hands, sometimes. There was something in the left pocket… a handkerchief, which was gross, but then again, it was Sherlock’s handkerchief, and John had built very high tolerance for Sherlock’s gross things. Maybe that was because they were living together. It was almost as if they were in a very weird relationship, in which John nagged at Sherlock for not cleaning the kitchen and also didn’t mind touching Sherlock’s handkerchiefs.
“Yeah, but I…” John takes a deep breath. “I suppose it’s been a while since I’ve been giving interviews. And it’s different with you. Because we aren’t just…”
They do other things, too. John is surprisingly innovative, but he only laughs, when Sherlock asks him if he’s read about gay sex. He still goes to his own room to sleep, until suddenly he doesn’t anymore. They have sex, they fall asleep, they wake up and John is in Sherlock’s bed, drooling on Sherlock’s pillow.
He saw Sherlock’s throat jump. “Okay. I’d… I’d hold your chin with one hand and press your shoulders down with the other, so you can’t move when I… It stings at first, so that’s why I’d have to hold you down, but it doesn’t hurt for long, it’s not too bad, only of course you may die.”
“My hair is fine,” Sherlock says again and touches his hair. Then John starts walking and Sherlock has to follow him to stay under the umbrella.
Sherlock opened his mouth, blinked at John and closed his mouth again. Then he slowly withdrew his fingers from where they had been entangled with the hand’s.
“This wasn’t supposed to happen,” Sherlock says, sighs loudly and jumps off the sofa. John stands up slowly. Sherlock walks to him, takes the cup of tea from his hands and touches his face. He holds very still. He doesn’t think he’s gay, but he just shot someone for this man. It’s one in the morning, they should go to sleep, he knows that because he’s a doctor. He knows that. But his hands feel heavy again as he places them on Sherlock’s arms.
“We broke up,” John says and touches Sherlock’s chest. His thumb presses lightly against the hollow spot under Sherlock’s neck.
, this whole idea that he would try to find a medical reason for the robot’s unwillingness to… co-operate. He almost went to Mike to say that he had changed his mind, he didn’t want anything to do with this, and the problem had to be in the code anyway, the developers should check that again. But he didn’t. He stared at the screen, the appointment marked in Sherlock’s calendar, switched off the computer and went to the sickbay for his shift.
The next time, he wakes up breathless and shaking. It takes him a few seconds to remember he’s in Gdánsk. It’s obvious he’s not going to get any more sleep that night, so he takes his coat and his gun and walks by the river until the morning comes.
Sherlock listens as John walks into his bedroom and closes the door. Maybe John would lock the door, if only there was a lock in it.
“You weren’t supposed kiss me,” Sherlock says, sounding stressed. John wants to comfort him, to fix this somehow, but he doesn’t have a fucking clue how. “You were supposed to, I don’t know, live with me and maybe help me with my work. Be my
“Bloody hell,” John says and leans closer to Sherlock. He lets go of Sherlock’s hand and touches Sherlock’s face instead, circles his fingers around Sherlock’s neck, brushes his thumb against Sherlock’s chin. He smells of tea and toast and Sherlock’s shampoo and of himself, too. He’s perfect.
Removing the knife from his ribs takes ages. Thirty-six minutes. It’s unbearable at first, to have John touch him like that. He wants John never to stop. He wants John to pull the knife out and then insert it back again, start from the beginning, over and over again, if it keeps John’s hands on his skin, because it seems possible he can no longer breathe without that.
Sherlock frowned at him. “I didn’t mean that. You’re only thirty-eight years old. You can barely be held responsible for your own actions yet.”
going to be dull and irritating. You’re going to get tired of all my bad habits and I’m going to get tired of yours. And then, hopefully, we’re going to have another forty years together. Or fifty, if we are very lucky.”
angry at you. And I shouldn’t have… But you offered and I… I feel like lately, you’ve had a new injury every fucking
John looks around. Doesn’t sit in his armchair. “I understand. It was… it was inappropriate, and I was…”
“How subtle you are, Doctor Watson,” Mycroft said, barely glancing at John. When John had first met the man, he had known immediately that they weren’t going to like each other. Mycroft seemed like someone who was very powerful and lacked all sense of humour. But then again, Mycroft had offered to rent John a flat that would cost him nothing but was kind of perfect, and back then John hadn’t even known that the flat came with Sherlock.
Sherlock glances at John. John is chewing on his lower lip, his eyes fixed on the screen. He looks nervous in the way he rarely does. “Why?” Sherlock asks.
Sherlock should say yes. He weights the word on his tongue. Lying should be easy for him. He does it for a living. He’s very good at it. But one thing about John Watson is that Sherlock always felt bad about lying to him.
John cleared his throat. “So, is this how… you just throw everyone out and don’t… when was the last time you had sex?”
Sherlock blinked, grabbed John’s wrist, and pressed it gently against his nose. Then he blinked again, froze, and let go.
“Of course he’s still alive,” Sherlock said and glanced at John. “I wouldn’t kill you.” Then he frowned. “At least I’m going to try to avoid killing you.”
“Don’t stop,” John said and pulled Sherlock closer. “Don’t fucking stop now. Keep fucking me. And keep talking. How do you want to do it? Am I naked?”
“I thought it was just an error. When you did that the last time, I mean. The first time. I thought, maybe too much adrenaline. You had just killed a man. It was a shock to you.”
“It’ll pass, too.” John sighs, pulls his hand free, but doesn’t move away. Instead, John kneels on the floor next to Sherlock’s bed, presses his fingers lightly against Sherlock’s neck and… takes his pulse.
John takes a deep breath. “Of course,” he says, because that seems the best way to get out of the conversation. “I’ll be careful.” He’s pretty sure Molly doesn’t believe him.
“It worked,” John says, wriggling closer to Sherlock. He kisses Sherlock on the neck and then reaches to pet Sherlock’s hair. “We can try it again later. I can try it at you, the next time we do this.”
“Thank you,” Sherlock said. His fingers brushed against John’s as he took the cup. He had warm fingers. Humans usually did. When they were alive. The hand on the table definitely hadn’t had warm fingers, not like John would, if Sherlock held his hand. “I’m not lonely,” Sherlock said, and John almost dropped his cup of tea.
But he can’t get the words out. John’s grip on his bare stomach is too much. Too little. Too much. Everything at once.
. Sherlock closes his eyes for a second and thinks about black holes. Somebody’s going to get hurt in the end and it’s definitely going to be him. But that’s not a surprise anymore. He’s been getting hurt ever since he realised years ago that he’s in love with John and that whatever happens, he can’t lose John. He just can’t. So, he can’t let anything change, and he has to hide his feelings, and he can’t let himself think that maybe John loves him too, because what if he’s wrong, or what if he’s right, and what if John wants him for a moment and then realises how incompetent he’s in love and leaves him.
“It’s a sex thing,” John said. “A gay sex thing, because we’re having gay sex. Because he’s a man. My boyfriend is a man. A human man.”
“You’re alright,” John says. His hands are firm. They’re the only thing keeping Sherlock from falling. Always, always. John’s fingers dig into his hips, nails scratching his skin. It’s good. It… feels like something. “You’re alright, Sherlock,” John says, and this is probably sex, they’re fucking, John is fucking
“Fine,” John says. Sherlock glances over his shoulder, but only because he can feel John’s eyes on the back of his neck. It’s a mistake anyway. John is standing too close to him. The trailer is too small. Two years is too little time.
of all things. That’s one of the reasons why Phil ended up renting a somewhat shabby cottage near to the sea in Cornwall with Tom, a complete stranger. Some of the other reasons are still a bit unclear, because the plot isn’t very well constructed. It’s almost as if the only thing the writers have been thinking about is how to get John and Sherlock to kiss.
“You can go, too,” the robot said, walked to the bed – it was large, much larger than John’s, and looked very nice – and sat down on the edge of the mattress.
“It’s the weirdest thing you’ve done this whole week,” John said. “And I’m used to you bringing parts of dead people into our home. But this was different. This was… you were… you were
He sighed and then kicked the lid hard enough to shatter it into pieces. That was a shame. The coffin was handmade and the carpenter had died five hundred years ago. But he only had about two seconds to feel bad about that, before he noticed several things.
They go through the scene. Sherlock hears John’s steps behind him, then feels John’s hand on his shoulder. He turns around. John is looking at him and he looks at John. When the cameras stop rolling, Greg says that maybe Sherlock could actually a look a little less in love at this point. They just kissed yesterday, after all. Phil’s having mixed feelings about that. Sherlock says that he can do that, and then they start from the beginning. John’s hand is steadier this time. Sherlock doesn’t know what’s showing in his eyes. He just wants everyone to fuck off and John to kiss him.
Nothing is so simple. In the dreams, John had him in every way he could think of, so, not many. He never had imagination about sex. He didn’t use to think about it much. Why bother? Waste of time.
Sherlock follows John and only partly because John is holding him by the wrist. People come talk to them, smile at them, hug them, pat them on the shoulders, talk about the movie, talk about how important it is to see two middle-aged men falling in love on the screen, because certainly that’s going to give someone somewhere the courage to believe in love. John drinks more wine. Sherlock stands as close to John as he dares to, and then a little bit closer, because John really doesn’t seem to mind. Or notice.
Sherlock didn’t especially like drinking from humans. He preferred deer. They didn’t taste as good, but at least they knew how to stay quiet. They didn’t bore him trying to bargain with him or begging him: ‘
“Yes?” Sherlock asked, shifting on the chair so that he was facing John now. It was intimidating, to be the whole focus of Sherlock Holmes’ gaze.
John touches Sherlock’s hand briefly under the duvet. No one can see that. No one knows, except Sherlock.
going to leave him, there’s no way around that, Tom is so much better than him, better with people, better with
John looks at him for a few seconds and then seems to decide something. He empties his cup of tea efficiently like it’s a race and he wants to win, then puts the cup on the side table and stands up. His knees crack. He smiles and looks like he used to, only there’re more lines at the corners of his mouth now. “I should go,” he says.
Oh, god, what an absurd thought. John had supposed Sherlock never held hands with anyone. Not that he had been thinking about Sherlock holding hands with people, he just… he had just thought that Sherlock wasn’t. Hadn’t. Wouldn’t. Holding hands was what ordinary people did. John was ordinary, Sherlock wasn’t. That was how the things were. That was John’s life. John knew it. John knew some things. He wasn’t stupid.
“You should…” Sherlock cleared his throat. He sounded completely wrecked. “Just a bit… they’ll want to know how I… manual stimulation on my penis.”
“I read the script, I just didn’t read all of it,” Sherlock says and then clears his throat. “Okay, now we kiss, and then…
“Of course she does,” John says, “she’s a clever girl, aren’t you, darling? Aren’t you? You… Sherlock?”
“Yeah,” John said. He wasn’t sure, but also he had never wanted something he wasn’t sure about as badly as he wanted this now. “Bite me.”
, and that’s just…” He slides forward on the table until he almost falls over. Sherlock opens his eyes and looks at him but doesn’t move away. He wants to get onto the floor and bury his head in Sherlock’s lap and ask Sherlock to pet his hair. He wants to kiss Sherlock on the mouth. He wants to hit Sherlock in the face, because nobody should do that, nobody should be allowed just to
Now, his therapist was sitting in the front row of the church. Next to her, Sherlock’s mother was whispering something to Mycroft, who was crying into a napkin.
“We’re going home,” Sherlock tells Lestrade. “We can come to the station tomorrow if necessary, but we’re going home now,” and then they go. Sherlock gets them a cab and John sits on the back seat next to him and wonders how the hell he didn’t realise he doesn’t breathe.
John wakes up his left arm draped around Sherlock’s waist and his face pressed against the back of Sherlock’s neck. He blinks his eyes open and breathes in and out. There’s a line of small moles on Sherlock’s neck, reaching the first vertebra of his spine, and light freckles, scattered on the skin. It’s beautiful. Like art. Sherlock’s skin is a work of art.
“Hey,” Sherlock said, glancing over his shoulder. “What’s wrong? You look like you’ve seen a ghost.”
“You don’t have to say anything, if you don’t feel like it,” John says. “As long as you tell me if I do something that you don’t like.”
Sherlock bites his lip. “I mean it,” he says. He doesn’t. “I could go somewhere else. The next time.”
“I’m aware,” Sherlock said. “So, what you’re going to do is that you’re going to see if you can make me ejaculate.”
“This way,” John is saying. “This way. Daddy’s living in a trailer now. Just for a short while. It’s a bit messy. I would’ve cleaned it up, but I didn’t know –“
He didn’t learn how to talk about it, though. And he didn’t do it twice. He probably should have. He would be better at it now. Everything takes practice, even this. It looks so simple in porn. But it’s not, not really. It wasn’t. He gave up. He didn’t like the sensation. Didn’t like the taste that lingered in his mouth. Didn’t like the hands in his hair. Didn’t like the awkward moments afterwards.
“Of course I do,” he says, grabs his dick and pulls it carefully out. Sherlock stays on his stomach on the kitchen table. His head is tilted to the left so that he can breathe and, apparently, look at John judgingly.
“It’s something you start doing when you’re a teenager,” Sherlock says. “Or in your early twenties. Or in your late twenties, and even then some people think you’re a bit weird.”
“He was alone for such a long time,” Mrs. Hudson says one afternoon, when John is sitting at her table, looking at his cup of tea. It’s lemon. “It’s nice that he found you.”
“You got stabbed,” John says, which has absolutely nothing to do with anything. It’s infuriating. Sherlock wants to get up from the chair, walk up to John, grab his shirt and - - and not let go until John does something. Anything. “You got
“I don’t fucking know,” John says and then takes a deep breath. “I had to read about it on Twitter, Sherlock. My publicist sent me a fucking screenshot. A
, Sherlock, it’s over. I told you. And she’s found someone else. And I don’t love her anymore. Or I do, but not like this. I…” He takes a deep breath. “And Rosie’s not home. And it’s different. You know it’s different. You
“We’re out of honey,” Sherlock said, when John was staring at the kettle, waiting for the water to boil. “I ate it all.”
He looks down on himself again. His shirt has teared from where the blade went through. The blade went through his skin as well. He touches the edges of the wound, only it doesn’t look like a wound, because there’s no blood. He pulls the shreds of skin slightly aside. There’s the blade, stuck between metallic pieces. He couldn’t name them if he tried. And there’s a coppery wire hanging loose from him. Apparently the blade cut through it.
ridiculous. But also he couldn’t stop. “It’s fine,” he said. “You’re fine. Just… breathe, and… Sherlock?”
“Yes,” Molly says. “Because there’s something odd about the way he looks at you. I can’t pinpoint what it is, I just… be careful.”
There was one more thing about drinking from humans, though, and it was this: they tasted good. Like, really good. Unbelievably good. So good, in fact, that there had been times in Sherlock’s not-exactly-life when he had lost years or decades in the haze of being high from drinking humans. The last occasion that had happened had been during the thirty years’ war. He had woken up in his coffin, his memory of the last thirty years heavily compromised, and his brother looking at him judgingly. The hangover had been terrible.
“It’s not that I wouldn’t want to sleep with you,” John said. “But I’m not gay. So, no. We can’t do it.”
“No, I told you,” John said, “I rented this from a man called Mycroft… oh my god, his name was Mycroft Holmes. Is he your father or something?”
And you just told me not to worry, you fucking arsehole, you didn’t tell me where you were going or that you weren’t going to come back –“
to see you,” John said, glancing at the wall. “You need a check-up and I promised Mike I’d do it, because apparently he’s told you about his dating history and regrets it.”
Sherlock clears his throat. So, that was the wrong thing to say. Of course it was. Everything is the wrong thing to say. “But it looks good. It looks good on you. And it’s perfectly normal that you have grey in your hair. You are forty-one, John.”
“You don’t have to,” Sherlock said and stood up from the floor. John flinched, and Sherlock froze. “Sorry.”
“You could start dating again,” Sherlock says, even though he doesn’t want to. But that’s his line. A line of someone who wants his old friend to not be lonely and who isn’t in love with the said old friend. “You used to like that. In the beginning. When we met.”
They don’t speak in this scene. He wonders vaguely what kind of cheesy music is going to be playing in the background. Now, he can hear himself breathing, and John breathing, and every goddamn person in the room breathing, and then the mattress creaks, when John climbs onto it and settles in between Sherlock’s legs. John touches Sherlock’s shoulders, then slides his hands down on Sherlock’s chest. Sherlock tries to breathe. John tucks the duvet up and settles on the mattress next to Sherlock, and Sherlock rolls onto his side. He can smell John’s deodorant, and underneath, John’s scent. He bumps his knee into John’s and John looks surprised.
The ceiling had the same enchantment the ceiling of the great hall did, so he could see the sky outside. He supposed maybe there was some legalities about locking him in a room without a window. Then again, there was also the chance they could manipulate the roof to fuck with his concept of time.
They were about a week back into school, and Sherlock finally managed to get this whole ordeal organised enough to be plausible. He’d had it sitting, pinned up in the drawing room of his mind palace since the summer.
“That’s what they think.” He corrected her with as much authority in his voice as he could force. “But no matter how exasperating they may be, Sherlock would never hurt anyone, not purposefully. Rennervate didn’t work, I don’t think he could do something that strong. I don’t think it and what happened to Greg are disconnected either.” She gave him a look of inquiry. “It doesn’t make sense that both these things happened at the same time. They hurt Greg, possibly to distract John, leaving Sherlock without an alibi. It didn’t work so they tried something different.”
