Pushing Cas’s shoulders back a little, Cas gets the picture and lets Dean manipulate him until he’s where Dean wants him. With their bottom halves aligned. Cas is looking at him, confused, until Dean places both hands against Cas’s back and pushes him
Hope you guys had an awesome christmas- if you celebrate it- and I hope all of you have a happy new year! Got high hopes for 2016!
They have time, he thinks as he pulls away to rest his forehead against Dean’s, both closing their eyes and taking in each other’s scents. They had all the time in the world.
“Whatever,” he shakes his head, and looks down at the present in his lap. He shouldn’t be this excited, he’s not a kid anymore for chist’s sake. Feeling along it’s side for it’s lining- fuck it- he rips it open and turns the thing around.
He knew the answer was yes even if he wasn’t ready to admit it to himself. He didn’t know when or how it had happened, but he’d fallen fast, and he’d fallen
“Dude. You are so on. Me and Cas are too awesome not to have this kid’s first word be some version of ‘Dadda.’ That’s easy money, man.”
Neither of them say another word as Cas pulls out a white plastic food carton from one of the bags and hands it to Dean. Cas looks like he’s being careful not to upset him, staying quiet and not making any sudden movements, but continues to watch him while he opens the food.
At least now, he had another reason to get drunk. And get laid. Because seriously, what else could possibly go wrong?
But when Cas comes around the other side of the car to offer him a hand out, he can’t help but be grateful he isn’t alone this time.
needs to eat a fourth brownie, and if he really wanted to get up and go all the way to the kitchen to get one, he looks across the couch and watches as Cas licks the rest of the chocolate from his fingers. As much as the sight has his lower half perking up in interest, and he kind of wishes he could kiss him again, Dean can’t help smiling fondly at the man and the memory the gesture stirs.
“Everyone is very excited for your arrival, little one,” Cas speaks directly to his stomach. His hands come up to rub the peak of it. “Your father and I especially.”
Slowly, hyper aware of every single creak in the floor his steps cause, he makes his way to the bathroom. Closes the door silently behind him, and makes sure to lock it.
alone in anything you do. What just happened right now? That was not okay. I can’t handle you beating yourself up anymore, nor can I tolerate you running away from me. We’re a team, Dean. You hurt, I hurt.”
Looking down sheepishly, he sits down at his little table and pulls whatever is in the bowl Cas sat out for him in front of him. It’s oatmeal. Ugh.
“Talk,” Dean whispers to Cas, smiling when Cas looks up at him with wide eyes. “C’mon man, it likes your voice.”
Now more than ever he’s determined to make as many good memories for him, Cas and this baby as possible. This second chance is a fucking miracle, and he’s not going to squander it this time.
Closing his eyes in mortification, he couldn’t believe he had to tell this particular man why he needed to be fixed as soon as possible. He honestly wished a hole in the ground would open up beneath him and swallow him whole.
perfect. That way, Cas could at least say, “Wow Dean, this is aesthetically pleasing,” while thinking
It was one less thing for his father to hold against him, though. Because there was not one manly thing about having the ability to conceive. Pregnancies were for women only. Anything else was an abomination. And John had made sure to drill that fact into Dean’s head a million times while under his roof.
He’s grumpy and irritable for the rest of the day. His eyes are red with bags underneath them, and when anyone tries to talk to him, all they get is clipped, one-word answers. When Ash walks by him, the smell of fresh coffee following him, Dean knows that if looks could kill, Ash would’ve been the first on his list.
“What a stinker. Guess it’ll be just like you then,” Lisa giggles. “I’m having a boy. Benjamin. My mate thought it was a little early to name him, but Ben just sounds right.”
“Goodnight, Dean,” Cas rasps softly, pecking Dean on the forehead once more before taking a step back and allowing Dean to get into the driver’s seat.
pregnant. Weren’t pregnant people supposed to get a pass? Did this mean there was something wrong with the pup?!
“I’m going to listen to an audio book while we settle in. It’s not even nine o’clock, baby,” Cas scrunches his brow at him. “But please don’t let that influence your decision. You need to sleep. I can tell you’re exhausted.”
Cas’s lip quirks up. “Not the kind of mess I had anticipated, I’m afraid. You’ll have to sit tight another few minutes while I clean up a bit.”
“Barely,” Dean mutters, raising his fingers to ghost over the lump on the back of Cas’s head. Cas doesn’t wince this time.
Walking further into the room to see whom the voice belonged to, he sees a dark skinned woman with wide, dark brown eyes, wearing a set of scrubs with purple flowers, and a name tag reading ‘Missouri’.
“You didn’t know, Cas,” Dean mumbles, closing his eyes as he breathes deeply, inhaling Cas’s addicting scent. “Besides, it doesn’t matter. You’re here now, so shuttup.”
All he knows is Castiel is an Alpha, he is a doctor, he’s thirty years old. He talks kinda funny most of the time, his favorite color is green, his favorite food is peanut butter and jelly, he has the bluest eyes he’d ever seen, he could stare intensely at Dean for an indefinite amount of time without feeling uncomfortable, he’s never seen Lord of the Rings(bless his soul), he smells like Christmas everyday without fail, he has three brothers, or had since his brother Luke died from an overdose(that Cas doesn’t like to talk about). He preferred cake to pie(again, bless his soul), he always tilted his head and scrunched his eyes when he was confused, not a lot of people shortened his name to “Cas,” he drove an ugly ass Prius, and was probably the nicest person he’d ever met.
He hadn’t realized how sore he was until this moment, but obviously Cas had. Rubbing his hole gently with his thumb, spreading slick around it until Dean relaxes and no longer aches, Dean moans low in his throat when just the tip of it presses inside him.
His stomach decides to have a say though as it growls loud enough for both of them to hear. Groaning, Dean rolls to his feet and stumbles his way to the kitchen.
“You ok, man? Are you a little bit disappointed it’s not a boy? I know you had your heart set on one,” Sam probes gently.
“We still are, but I felt bad asking Charlie to wait outside again for us in this weather. And I don’t mind carrying you til at least the lobby.”
Dean eyes snap open again. “I know what it’s from!” he says quickly, cheeks burning again. “You can shuttup now.”
As much as the night started being about him, he’s glad he can make it a little about Cas, even if the Alpha is unaware of his motives.
happen, because it was a known fact that universe had a vendetta against him. He wouldn’t be able to handle it if something hurt his-
He is damn curious though. Just as he takes a step forward to butt in he realizes that Jess is coming towards him with arms held aloft. Opening his arms instinctively, he gathers her into the circle of his arms and greedily clings to her heat. She’s friggin’ tiny in his arms, squished up against his huge belly, and as she takes a huge, shutter breath, he gets the feeling that she needs the comfort he offers her right now.
“Of course,” he says simply, bringing their entwined fingers up to his lips briefly and then starts the car. “I’ve longed to hear you that.”
“Yeah. Do it,” Dean murmurs, wrapping his arms around Cas’s neck again and leaning his weight against his chest so that his ass is up and exposed to Cas.
it’s born, Dean. I get to start being everything I want to be for it then, and I am overjoyed that I get to have this opportunity, but….You have already started, Dean. Since the moment we found out about this pup, you’ve been taking care of it.”
“Sam, Jess threw up on your tooth brush on that trip to Vegas. But she was afraid of telling you so she washed it and put it back - ”
The dress code here is obviously all black, but he has to wonder who gave this bitch permission to wear the black button down shirt she was dawning unbuttoned enough to see a hint of the black lace bra she was wearing underneath.
all this,” Sam breaks in. He nods like he’s confirming something he’d already guessed. “I need to hear this from your perspective, Dean, because I’m obviously missing a few details from dad’s side.”
By the time Cas wakes up, he’s got himself worked up so badly he can feel Cas immediately stiffen behind him, puffing up and looking around as if searching for some hidden threat to Dean.
It was all instinct, and he was too tired to fight it right now. He’d thrown up last night and this morning, it was safe to say that he was a hot mess. And no one should have to witness it. Especially not Cas. He probably saw crazy shit where he worked, he didn’t need to see it during his down time too.
Sam laughs, the sound finally breaking up the palpable tension in the room while Cas’s chest shakes in an effort not to join in. He knows Dean is funny, he probably just refuses to give in due to his manly Alpha pride most likely.
Panting with lust and  anxiety, Dean realized as Cas slipped in inch by inch, that he was right. While a tad bit uncomfortable, it didn’t hurt. More than anything else, it was just weird.  But Cas’s noises he released as he kept pushing, made the weird feelings of fullness disappear.
God, something this fucking wrong should not feel so fucking right. It definitely shouldn’t feel so fucking
“Well….no.  But that doesn’t mean it won’t be amazing. How about you get some water boiling, and I’ll go pee. Then we can argue some more.”
“Cas, I can’t – you have to,” he groans slumping forward as the wave finally hits and panic races up his spine. Cas is going to leave him like this. He’s just as alone as he was before Cas got here. Choking on his next breath, he prepares for the pain he’s become all too familiar with.
And no matter what he’d been telling himself for god knows how many years, he definitely feels some interest going on down south. When the hell did his
“Fuck, I already forgot about my ankle,” he sighs. He’d look down at it resentfully now if the pup wasn’t blocking it from sight. “Just want to
“Fuck, Cas.” Dean groaned, “I didn’t peg you for a dirty talker. How the hell am I supposed to compete with that, man?”
His eyelids start to droop in a pleasured haze, leaning his weight forward to give Cas more room to fuck up into him, but he still looks down. He can’t see his own dick- being blocked by his belly and all- but he can feel it slapping Cas’s stomach, the sound of it only turning him on more along with the wet sound of Cas’s balls hitting his skin over and over again.
Sighing and looking over at Cas, he finally notices Cas’s attention. His blue eyes are soft as they meet Dean’s own, and he’s wearing that little smile that only quirks up one side of his mouth. He’s not sure Cas is smiling because of him, or the pup, or their time with Gabriel, but he’s afraid to open his mouth to ask in case he unintentionally says something stupid like he usually would and ruin the moment.
It feels different. Like there is more meaning behind the action now. And their combined scent- almost completely indistinguishable from each other now- only highlights the fact that they are something more, something special.
“Hello?” Nope, he didn’t sound nervous at all, he thought, rolling his eyes at himself. Way to go Dean.
Hi friends. I just wanted to let you guys know why I've slowed down a bit with updating this story. Let me tell you, concussions are no joke. I got a severe concussion a little while ago, and I'm unfortunately still suffering through the consequences. Consequences being horrible head aches and sensitivity to all kinds of light- the computer screen among them. My life has kind of been put on hold right now, the doctors saying I'm not supposed to play(soccer), read, write, or watch tv, so that's why this story is going much slower than I wanted. But I just wanted to tell you guys not to give up on me, because I would never give up on this!
Cas’s scent immediately turns horny, and he’s biting his lip for a whole different reason than Dean.
As drunk as he was, he was still not down for sharing his feelings and shit. Despite his anatomy, he wasn’t a girl. But Castiel had shared with him something pretty fucking personal with him, so he had to find a way out of it without being a complete douche bag for once in his life.
God, he hopes so. There is just so much going on, so much to sort out, that the idea of starting over sounds just as overwhelming as continuing to pick up the pieces of what used to be his life.
longer than he cares to admit, lips leave his neck and gentle but firm fingers are suddenly holding his still.
am the only one who’s sane enough to stay in bed. How is we both have to get up, now?” he complains, not helping Cas at all as he tries to get them both out of bed.
His smile widens when Cas immediately turns the corner from where he’d been waiting impatiently, worry plain in his features until he can see for himself that Dean had miraculously managed not to kill himself while going to the bathroom.
As soon as his feet touch the floor, he’s automatically turning for the door on the left, hissing in slight panic when he opens it to find a fucking closet. With suits in it.
“Dean,” Cas rasps. Every single one of Cas’s muscles are flexed tight, probably trying to keep himself from moving, and the idea makes him bite his lip and tighten his own muscles, squeezing Cas tight. “
“Pretty much raised the kid myself,” he nods, smiling to himself, “My dad was gone a lot for work, ya know? Couldn’t always be there when we needed him, so I did the best I could. Tried to make sure he was happy and somewhat healthy, encouraged him to shoot higher than the stupid ass small town we grew up in. Sam always was a dreamer, ambitious and driven, but something actually came of it for once. He’s at Stanford now,” he can’t but brag a little, “Interning under some fancy lawyer or whoever. He’s most likely do bitch work right now, but that kid is gonna go places.”
“Hello, Dean,” Cas says softly. “The movie has ended, and you should eat soon. It wouldn’t hurt to ice your eye either.”
He supports Dean’s weight the entire time, holding both of his arms and squatting to lower Dean carefully into the warm water. Once he’s settled, Cas swings his legs one at a time over the tub and into the water. Dean leans forward so Cas can sit behind him, and then back when Cas has either leg on the side of him and wraps his arms around his chest to pull him back.
Dr. Shurley barely caught the bottle when Dean tossed to him, bobbling it twice before he held it steady to read the label.
His heart is still racing and the smile is probably permanent-so he doesn’t say anything. He’s too excited, too hyped, too
“Come on honey, let me have a look at you. I won’t bite, I promise,” she croons softly, patting the chair twice and smiling at him expectantly. He hears the door close behind him signaling Cas leaving, so he does as he’s told and hesitantly takes a seat.
“Dean,” Cas says, coming from behind him, caring two duffle bags. “It looks like it may start raining soon, and the temperature will drop accordingly. It might be a good idea to put on another sweater.”
There’s a long driveway leading up to a double garage, but he’s too busy taking in the house to think about parking his car there.
. He had thought his secret would cause a rift between him and his coworkers, but after they had all caught their breaths, Dean continuing to tease Benny about how big of a gossip he was, he’d finally told them the truth. Not that they couldn’t scent him or anything, that was pretty obvious, but it was better to just say it to their faces instead of just letting it go unacknowledged until they couldn’t anymore. This way, it was on his terms.
It’s a rough night. He wakes constantly, the weight in his chest an unbearable burden that has him feeling more than a little miserable, and more than a little hurt. It’s like a bloody, gaping wound has replaced the area his heart used to reside.
This time, he gets  movement. It’s only because he’s supporting Dean’s head that he can feel his slight nod. It’s the acknowledgement he’s been looking for, because he won’t do anything without Dean’s permission ever again. He wants to let the man know that he is safe with him.  He’s known the man barely two days in accumulation, but he wants that with all his heart. Especially now with such enormous decisions to be made.
Making a direct beeline for the front door, which suspiciously had a ‘help wanted’ sign hanging on it, Dean walked into a tiny waiting room. He’d called ahead to be seen, but it didn’t look like he had needed to. The place was empty except for a wisp of a girl behind the desk who was blasting some god awful pop music that sounded suspiciously like Taylor Swift.
He hadn’t realized just how close he and Cas had gotten until he had an outside party here to make him see out of the little bubble they’d created since the pup. Now, seeing
“Let me decide if it’s a big deal or not, yeah? It’s obviously bugging you man, and I don’t like you smelling the way you do,” he says simply, wrinkling his nose pointedly and earning a half-hearted chuckle for his effort.
“At least let me try, Dean. If I am not helping then you can continue as if I had never said anything.”
Except this time, he could feel how wet he was, could feel how soaked the back of his underwear were. Add that with the implications that came with Castiel unconsciously placing his hands over what he now knew was something
That young, no one knew what he’d been, what he’d eventually become. Alpha, Beta, Omega. There was no choice in the matter, only genetics and if the man up stairs- if you believed in that kind of thing- decided he really did not like you.
Dean spreads his legs more, a silent push to get on with it. He’s clenching around nothing and Cas is so fucking
Opening his eyes when he realizes they’d closed in unexpected pleasure, he’s panting as he abruptly reaches for the nozzle to turn off the shower. Fuck this. He was close to embarrassing himself from just the thought of Cas and a little water.
“Apologies,” Cas says more seriously, looking over at Jess like he’s just noticed they’re there. “Although you reminded me of a point I have been meaning to bring up.”
Cas cracks the door open only enough for his head to poke out, interrupting Sam mid-knock. Cas murmurs something in a low voice, and Dean thinks he won’t be able to hear anything being said, until Sam all but shouts, “Who are you? And where is my brother?”
Cas blinks in shock. “Your brother? Dean, why is your brother here, unannounced, all the way from California?” he asks incredulously.
Not having spoken a single word since the sudden appearance of his little brother, Dean doesn’t argue when Cas walks through the glass to gently scoop him up, however unmanly that may be. Placing an arm under his knees and around his back, Cas carries him freak’in bridal style over to the tiny kitchen table, kicking out one of the chairs and sitting him down in it.
Hope you are enjoying this craziness I have created, and as always, let me know what you think! I may not respond to every comment, but I do read them all!
“Dean,” Cas says, reaching over to turn Dean chin towards him with a single finger, not liking the anxiety coming from Dean one bit. “You can wear whatever you like, and no one will judge you. Especially here,” Castiel assures him, smiling when Dean squints at him in confusion. “Come on, you’ll see. Let’s go inside.”
“-Shit. Yeah. I got that,” he says impatiently, almost shoving passed a hovering Cas to grab the milk and a spoon. “I couldn’t sleep. Doesn’t mean you guys have to stare like I’m the newest attraction at the circus.”
“Hey Cas,” he says without looking at him, choosing instead to walk around him to unlock the door, “Sorry to keep you, man.”
Groaning slightly, Dean curls even closer into the warmth of the body he’s currently plastered against and noses against Cas’ mating mark.
Cas kisses both his feet and the inside of his ankles. Switching from one leg to the other, he adorns Dean’s skin with touches and kisses that could only be described as worshipful. He works his way up slowly, kissing up his calves, his knees, the insides of his thighs- carefully avoiding his now interested erection-and pays special attention to his enormously round stomach, stretch lines and all.
Spluttering into his soup, Sam almost chokes on a laugh as he looks incredulously at Dean. Titling his head to the side, he mouths “hipsters?” like it’s the first time he’s ever heard the word.
The first thing he’s aware of is Cas shifting in bed. He didn’t hear an alarm, there’s no lights on or light peaking through the curtains to give any notion that it’s time to wake up.
“No. You can’t,” Dean’s voice cracks and he quickly shuts his eyes at the feeling of Cas’s lips pressing soothing kisses into his neck. “You don’t understand what you’re saying.”
“No, no, no, no. No Cas. I know that look,” Dean says, placing a hand squarely on Cas’s forehead to keep him away. “At least get off your knees. You’re giving my mind all kinds of ideas that we also do not have time for.”
Inhaling quickly as the room spins, it’s only the absence of another scent besides his own that calms him down and makes him realize that Bobby isn’t trying to hurt him or the pup. He’s a beta. Not an Alpha.
When he complies and they’re through the threshold, he can feel Cas flinch and practically gag even though Cas tries to hide it. But when he presses his nose to Dean’s hair while they waddle slowly to the bathroom, Dean guesses that the scent of his apartment is not particularly welcoming at the moment.
Sam’s pointed question has him sighing sadly and closing his eyes. He can’t lie. He won’t. But at the same time what happened between Dean and himself is deeply personal and extremely difficult to talk about.
“It drives me absolutely insane. And it calls to me in a way I’ve never experienced before. I can’t explain that to you, only let you know what it does to me. Every time I’m in your presence, the alpha in me can only focus on one thing, and that’s you, Dean.”
When he grabs a box of cheerios and turns around to see their looks hadn’t wavered, he snaps. “I’m fine. Or I would be fine if you guys would stop staring at me for two fucking seconds.”
Cas cuts him off with another dizzying kiss- all emotion- that goes on and on and on. His lips are puffy and kiss swollen when he notices he’s somehow found his back against the door.
Cas’s eyes which he had closed, opened at that, and he let his head fall back until he was leaning against the wall. “You didn’t know, Dean.”
2.) I'm actually a college athlete, and I'll be starting up again soon, meaning double days...meaning- kill me.
Seeming to rouse himself a little, Cas was oblivious to Dean’s sudden panic. His hands went from stroking his arms, down, down, slowly until he was cupping Dean’s dick. Apparently, Cas wasn’t the only one with morning wood.
Dean decides to go with humor over his feelings. “I just had two orgasms in one morning. Yeah, I think I’m alright.”
send a picture of this to Sam, man,” he smiles. Fucking perfect excuse. He’s actually pretty proud of himself. “It’s too awesome not to.”
Grabbing an a bag full of ice and two packages of pop tarts and two waters from the fridge, he shivers at the cold temperature in his apartment and from the ice before making a bee-line back for the couch. Changing the movie quickly, he only hesitates a second before flopping back down, laying his head back into Cas’s lap before he hands Cas his pop tarts and water and places the ice over his eye as much as he’s able to. It looks much worse than it is, so he’s not really worried about it. If Cas is surprised, he does a good job covering it up, as he stares critically down at the pop tarts in his hand.
Smiling, and using his arms for leverage as he makes his way back up to Dean, Cas takes his face between both palms and kissing him solidly. All the joy and relief comes flooding off of Cas, making him smile into their kiss, not even noticing his own scent of satisfaction mixing with Cas’s.
“That is not true, you ass - ” Dean smirks and Cas’s eyes widen when Cas takes the bait, “butt. Assbutt.”
“Are you alright, Dean?” Cas worries, letting his hand fall away but refusing to step any farther away from Dean.
Dean leans back and tilts his head up right as they reach the door with the little angels, silently asking for a kiss which Cas happily obliges.
Rolling his eyes at himself, he grabs one of the free newspapers from the hotel lobby and opens it in the hope that it will hide his face.
Keeping one hand over his stomach instinctively, he squats down next to Cas’s side, careful to avoid John’s kicking legs, and uses his other hand to gently cup the Alpha’s cheek; turning his face to meet Dean’s eyes again as he’d turned to glare down at John.
“To be fair, he didn’t ask me,” Charlie says uncertainly, only a half-smile on her face instead of the usual grin. “I volunteered. Figured we would marathon Star Wars before the release of TFA? We’re going to the premiere by the way, I already got us tickets!”
And the two of you are directly linked for the foreseeable future, meaning you have to be cautious about anything and everything you’re putting into your body. Emotions included, Dean.”
Cas turns to lightly kiss Dean’s palm before he closes his eyes. “It’s nothing. Just feeling a little…sentimental I guess you could say.”
Dean doesn’t answer as he finally gets the door unlocked, with Cas standing right behind him. Just like that first night. They’ve come full circle now, leaving Dean even more confused and broken than before.
Clearing his throat to dislodge the fear that had come out of nowhere, he barely manages to reply brilliantly, “Uh. Novak?”
The words seem inadequate in this moment. Don’t encompass everything he’s feeling for this man, and probably never will. But they’re enough for now. They’re enough to have Cas sit up again and cradle him close like the most precious thing in the world. They’re enough to feel contentment and happiness blossom in his chest. They are enough to make his head spin.
Cas has to go slowly- slower than Dean went down them actually- taking each step with precision and waiting at the top of each until he’s balanced and properly shifts their weight and momentum before taking the next one.
“Yeah, yeah, laugh it up,” he grumbles as Cas shifts to kiss his neck instead. He’d pretend to be mad all day if he always got the feel of Cas’ scruff scraping against his own. “What time is your shift?”
Again with those fucking words. They make him uncomfortable, but at the same time, they make something in his stomach unravel in something like relief. It’s a tiny thought, a secret, hidden yearning, something he’d tucked away inside himself to never contemplate, but…it’s nice to have someone actually care about him.
Dean’s scent is practically causing him physical pain, but it’s not the only scent he can smell dominating the room. It’s silent except for the movie and he’s almost positive that not one pair of eyes is trained on the screen. Sam and Jessica’s concern is too strong to be watching anything other than Dean and himself.
“Feeling the pup move,” Cas clarifies, a note of reverence in his voice that makes Dean smile. Leave it to Cas to be even more sappy than him after sex.
Cas leans down to nose at Dean’s throat, scenting the distinct smell of heat there; the potent smell of it traveling right down to his dick. They definitely weren’t out of the woods yet.
“I think I have an idea,” Cas murmurs. “I know that this might seem a little overwhelming. But I’d like you to know that there is nothing you could say or do that can make me love you any less.”
“Dean…” he smiles sadly looking down at that beautiful face tucked into his neck. “Is scared. It’s fear that’s driving him to leave, and the last thing he needs right now is confrontation. That will only make him feel that much worse, and we can’t have that. Of course I’ll try to do my best to convince him otherwise, but forcing him or using any kind of manipulation to make him stay would be an abhorrent misuse of my Alpha status.”
When the pizza is done, and the hot chocolate with a full banana inside of it is cool enough to drink, the time passes quickly to the tune of laughter and good-natured screams from kids of all ages. Cas hadn’t been exaggerating the amount of children who came to his door either, so there was always a constant flow of them, trailed by reluctant, usually tired parents, walking in groups or pairs as children came and went in droves.
“Holy fuck,” Dean exhales, out of breath and incredulous. And a little miffed that Cas is so articulate after having just blown his mind. “You’re so fucking
The first being that roar he had thought was coming from his head from the shock. The dull roar was anything but now, and it was coming closer and closer from where it first sounded like it was coming from the kitchen.
“Well yeah, of course I do,” he sighs, finally feeling how late it is, “With him in fucking sunny California, it’s not like I get to see him a whole hell of a lot.”
“I’m sure your boss would want you to eat, Dean,” Cas insists quietly, frowning at Dean as he goes to retrieve two bowls, spoons, and milk. “Just stay a few more minutes.”
“Aren’t you a doctor, Castiel?” Jess asks. “Maybe that’s why Dean has such heart eyes for you? You must remind him of - ”
“How am I supposed to know that?” Benny cuts in, leaning forward in his irritation. There’s a lot of hurt in his expression though too. “I thought we were friends, Dean. I count you as one of my best friends- yet you don’t trust me enough to tell me the important things. You’re hiding now- under all them layers and such. I saw you that night, so why all this nonsense,” he gestures to Dean’s bundled up appearance.
Cas’s hand starts to rub circles into his back wet with sweat as his ass continues to contract around Cas’s fingers.
“But mostly it’s just….overwhelming loneliness. No you, no pup,” he closes his eyes, caving in on himself just thinking about it. “Just me in the middle of no where. Cold.”
Besides, with the way Bobby had been staring at him oddly all day, putting in some extra time wouldn’t hurt.
“Hello?” he hoped he didn’t sound like he’d just rolled out of bed, because he definitely did. His voice sounded all Batmanny in the mornings.
He’s hit with a cold burst of wind when he opens the front door, but he doesn’t let that deter him as he walks out in his socks, crossing his arms and waiting for his brother to get out of the gay ass Rav4 he’d rented. He’s surprised when both driver and passenger doors open.
“Hey you,” Dean murmurs as he’s washing his hands, “Ease up on the bladder, ok? At least when I’m sleeping. Otherwise have at it.”
He was lucky to work here, as his dad and Bobby had happened to be old co-workers a long time ago, and his dad never let him forget it. Speaking of his dad… his work day was coming to a close.
He can feel the tips of his ears turning bright red as he finally voices his anger to someone who knows his father. Cas always listened and empathized, but it wasn’t as satisfying as watching understanding blossom across his little brother’s face.
It’s dark in his apartment, the only light coming from the television, but the dim light only serves to highlight the Alpha’s eyes and the slight crinkles around them that only make an appearance when he smiles the way he’s smiling now. With his whole being.
“Dean,” Cas sighs in exasperation. “You cannot continue like this. The pup is growing too fast for you to ignore the problem any longer.”
. How do you move on from your father cutting ties with you? He didn’t know it was possible for someone to hate him as much as he hated himself, but he was just proven wrong. Shame crept over him, coloring his neck, and making his skin feel too tight. All he had left now was Sam…
Rolling his eyes, Cas is just about done. Walking over to where Dean is perched on the end of the bed, he scoops him up with an arm against his back and the other under his knees.
This took me a long ass time. I was on vacation with the family. Enough said. Sorry for any mistakes!
Blinking blurrily in the dark room, he held still to listen to Cas’s footsteps and his low whispers retreating farther and farther away.
Trading touches in the dark, tucking himself close to share his heat, to scent him….he turned off his brain and just let himself breath for once. Let himself feel safe.
They’re still standing right outside the elevator, neither of them moving anymore as Cas looks at the floor, and now Cas’s scent isn’t the only one projecting regret.
“No,” he yells, aiming his deadliest glare at the door, hoping the person on the other side will somehow feel it and back off. “Stay out. I’m not done yet.”
“I don’t need to. You know as well as I do that it shouldn’t be like this,” Sam says. “You need your Alpha-”
The thought that he wouldn’t be hadn’t crossed his mind. He had worried a little bit about presenting as a beta once, but being a male omega was still kind of a commodity, that he hadn’t put any real thought into it. He’s sure if he had, he would have been fucking terrified.
Cas looks forward, his cheeks flushing just enough for Dean to take notice of it. “I did avoid the bedroom, yes. I either stayed in one of the guest bedrooms or out here.”
“Hello Dean,” Cas says quietly in response, arms winding around Dean’s back and pulling him closer. “Your scent suggests that you are happy.”
Fuck, Cas must’ve been really upset if he hadn’t heard or scented Dean’s presence. But of course, as soon as he sees Dean, Cas’s face morphs into a fake smile, wiping all traces of his previous emotions off his face. Like he has to be strong for Dean.
Satisfaction soon turns into a different scent though, when their kiss turns more heated. His hands are everywhere; roaming all over the naked expanse of Cas’s back, in his hair, touching his face. Taking in tiny breaths when he can afford them between deep, searching kisses, new slick starts to leak out between his legs, his hole still feeling open and loose from last night. But just when he’s about to hitch his thigh over Cas’s and take this to a degree that resembled last night, they’re interrupted by a perfectly placed, perfectly
Lowering Cas’s hands away from his face gently, Dean reaches up to either side of Cas’s to bring his lips to his own; kissing him softly like he’d wanted to do all day.
But he can’t finish. It seems Cas really was just waiting for Dean’s words, because he’s suddenly hiking Dean’s hips up- bending him- to get better access in order to lick into Dean’s ass.
It isn’t a frantic, lust filled affair like this morning despite Dean urging Cas closer and nipping at his bottom lip. Castiel doesn’t want that to be the way they end their time together.
He’s got his laptop perched on top of his bump, so the screen wobbles when he flinches back from Sam’s words.
Because while Dean had managed to coax Cas to his feet, Cas insisted in standing in front of Dean, blocking him with his body so that he could only see John’s face. Rolling his eyes at the display, he had to let Cas know that he wasn’t some damsel in distress. After all, John had sucker punched him, and everyone knows that doesn’t count!
He’s still panting as he exits the shower though, forgoing a towel and clothes in favor of his bed, not even caring as he soaks his sheets with the water still pebbling against his skin as he face plants.
“I know! Okay? I know,” Dean cuts in, unable to handle the concern in Cas’s voice. “Shit. I wasn’t thinking. I
and couldn’t control his fucking emotions. Closing his eyes and biting his lip, he slowly backs up until he can feel the door pressed against his back again. He can’t leave Cas hanging like that. It wasn’t Cas’s fault he was so fucked up. Still breathing hard, he looks longingly at the white tub.
Jess’s eyes darken a little before she’s pulling him close again- rubbing the back of his neck as he closes his eyes. “You won’t mess up your baby, Dean. You love it too much. You’re not your father, and you won’t make his same mistakes.”
Dean shakes his head in awe. “Who the fuck are you, man? One minute you’re making me see fucking stars, and the next you’re apologizing for saying the word fuck. Don’t get me wrong or anything, I like it, but you kinda make my head spin sometimes.”
“You are so beautiful, Dean,” Castiel continues, trying to keep the breathlessness out of his voice, trying to sound calm and collected for Dean even while Dean keeps riding back into him. “Look at you, every single inch of you …perfection.”
- and he’s not even really getting it the way he’s used to. It’s a little embarrassing to think about, but Dean is really getting off just by Cas being inside him. The little bouncing movement he’s doing is a tease, playing with himself- fucking himself with Cas’s thick girth with no thoughts on how the rest will pan out.
It wasn’t helped at all by the now familiar scent of distressed omega filling up the room, so at odds with the peaceful contentment still radiating off the sleeping Alpha.
Taking a seat in front of Bobby’s desk, he sighs out, “Yepp,” before scrubbing a tired hand down over his face. Bobby is still standing, staring down at him in muted shock.
“I can see the way you look at him. Dean might be oblivious, but it’s clear as day. You love him, don’t you?”
Immediately he’s hit with the scent of something so strong it almost knocks him back on his ass(again).
Cas’s smile morphs from a small smile into a huge one, lighting up his face as he steps forward to pull Dean into a hug. “Thank you, Dean,” he says in Dean’s ear.
Whimpering in desperation, Dean’s head snaps up as he immediately obeys. Throwing all his effort behind his movements now, he rides back into Cas faster and harder, tearing sounds he didn’t even know he could make from himself.
“Alright, get out of here. Pam is expecting you both,” she smiles and walks over to get the door for them.
Call it self-preservation, an identity crisis, or just plain stupidity, he was leaving today. It is an absolute fact, one that he could feel in his gut. Regardless of the way he was clutching Cas to him like he was never letting go. Regardless of the fact that Cas made him the happiest he’s ever been in his life. Regardless of every instinct he’s ever possessed telling him to reconsider….
He closes his eyes again and presses his face against Dean’s skin. He tries to breath, and pretend he won’t be losing this very soon.
“But-but I don’t have boobs!” he exclaimed loudly, rereading the note again frantically as his fingers started to tremble. Cas turned and blinked at him, confused, and when Dean couldn’t force any more words out, he just shoved the note into Cas’s hands. Hopefully Cas could clear this up. Maybe it was a mistake.
“You’re leaving?” he interrupts, finally stepping out from behind the man so that he can see Cas’s face.
Cas must read the indecision on his face though, because he’s the one that leans in, giving Dean a free pass. Molding their lips together, the slow, hot movement of Cas’s lips between his, the wet sound it makes as they pull apart only to get a better angle to slot together for deeper access…. God, he can feel himself getting wet. Licking into Cas’s mouth and grabbing at Cas’s hair, he’s seriously considering changing his answer to Cas’s question. He knew from experience that Cas’s stubble felt fucking amazing against…everywhere.
And just like he hadn’t expected the person behind the door, he was wasn’t expecting the fist that sent him crashing to the floor.
It was a little difficult trying to see around his stomach, but after a little maneuvering he had gotten the hang of it. Job well done, if did say so himself.
“I capisce,” Cas says solemnly, the humor in his eyes pretty much negating the flimsy promise. They both knew this was a bad idea, yet it’s never stopped them before.
“That should suffice. I understand you wish to go to sleep immediatly, but it would be beneficial if you iced for at least 20 minutes to help reduce swelling,” he says, almost, but not quite in Doctor mode as Dean replaces Cas’s hand to hold the ice against his face.
But Cas doesn’t listen, doesn’t appear to hear him at all, single minded in his ferocity. He can hear John talking shit between each punch, and he can see how badly the older man is struggling to get free. A few words catch Dean’s attention the most.
“Dean,” Cas hisses desperately, eyes wide and overwhelmed, gripping Dean’s thighs, thumbs stroking tiny circles. “Dean. Are you absolutely positive that this is what you want?”
Cas is suddenly the one up and leaving the bed, going from grumpy and tired to alert all at once. He stops suddenly, mid motion, when he catches a whiff of Dean’s scent again. And this time, there is no mistaking or hiding Castiel’s answering lust. He’s honestly surprised he’d managed to keep it under control for this long.
Fuck it, he thinks, especially after the way he’d just embarrassed himself, he’d be surprised if anything made him blush every again.
Closing his eyes and rolling his shoulders back twice, he tries to focus on Cas’s scent along with his fingers; lets it drain away all his pent up energy and anxiety that had been building up since last night. Last night seemed forever ago, but it also felt like it had gone by in a blink of an eye. Just like with everything up to this point, he didn’t feel mentally prepared for this.
He wasn’t the only one effected by what happened a few weeks ago. Cas was even more protective of him now than he was before. But as soon as his baby was good as new again, he made sure he stressed his need to be independent to Cas. He wouldn’t be reckless or stupid, and he wouldn’t break. Cas had understood of course, but more often then not, Cas would just ask to come with him anyway. It was an Alpha thing, and he tried not to begrudge him too much.
Dean’s breathing heavily too, but he still laughs, digging his fingers into the muscles of Cas’s back a little. “Not fair, huh?”
of them- as Dean’s belly seemed to be the star of the picture with the tree acting as a nice background. Holy
than he could remember being in a long time. Too long, really. He’d been going through his life with dark clouds trailing his every footstep, looming over him, just waiting for him to make a mistake and have every single building block he’d made for himself come crumbling down at his feet. And the funny thing is, that they
When Dean just nods, too overwhelmed by the woman’s kindness to respond verbally, she opens her arms and he finds himself unconsciously standing and stepping into them. Gulping past a suddenly dry throat as he embraces Missouri, he’s not surprised one bit when the baby kicks between them.
Climbing up the stairs as slow as he can take them, he’s surprised when he turns the corner at the top and sees Cas sitting against his door. And he’s surprised by the butterflies that immediately fill his stomach at the sight.
“This isn’t about me, Dean,” Cas tells him patiently. “This is about you, and your family. I’m sorry if I offended you. I tend to lose myself when it comes to you. I apologize, please continue.”
Cas softens while the arms around Dean tighten. “I know this must’ve been hard on you, I know it can’t have been easy to deal with after so long. But I hate the thought of you trying to go through it by yourself.”
Cas nods, blue eyes sparkling in the moonlight shining through the window, and steps forward to crowd in close. At first Dean thinks he’s going to kiss his neck, but when Cas just presses his nose to the delicate skin of his throat, Dean automatically tilts his head to the side to let Cas scent him, demonstrating his complete trust.
There’s no way in hell whoevers on the other side of that wall can’t hear it, but Dean can’t locate a single fuck to give at the moment.
Cas’s arms must’ve fallen away from him in his sleep, so he very carefully grabs his wrists on either side of him to lead them to rest over the peak of his stomach. Just as carefully, he wraps his own around Cas’s to hold them in place.
It was the accumulation of these things that had Dean unwrapping himself from Cas’s arms and scooting himself over on the bed. He didn’t leave it though. He hadn’t needed to throw up this morning, and he was afraid that leaving Cas’s scent would cause it to come again. Not that he
He doesn’t even try to deny himself the comfort of Cas’s touch, not now. As soon as Dean lays down on his side, all he has to do is scooch back and touch Cas’s hand to give Cas the signal to spoon him. Only this time, the way Cas automatically presses himself to Dean’s back to cradle their pup instinctively has him tearing up with sadness instead of happiness. Cas didn’t need much prompting to wrap his entire being around Dean.
The hiss that leaves his lip is immediately silenced by the solid slap to the meat of his ass- not hard enough to leave a mark, but definitely hard enough to make a sound.
“Hey,” Dean smiles at him, smirking a little at the worried scrunch between Cas’s eyebrows. Cas is gonna have some serious wrinkles if he keeps this up.
The shiver his body tries to illicit at the temperature of their bedroom turns into a shiver of pleasure as Cas quickly ducks down and sucks one of Dean’s sensitive nipples into his mouth.
“Cas,” he whispers through his own smile. “I’m two seconds away from fucking crying, you better stop bein’ cute. I have
And now he had to clean it up again. While the throwing up stopped, he still fealt like shit. His stomach just wouldn’t settle. Waking up this morning, he’d thought he had avoided it, but he was fucking wrong.
When Dean doesn’t answer right away, Cas leans into his space to kiss his forehead, scenting the distress and panic coming off of every inch of his skin Automatically, Cas’s hackles start to rise, bristling, in reaction to Dean’s obvious fear, and Cas’s scent thickens like a shield- a shield made of over-protective Alpha.
had his adrenaline going though. If someone he didn’t know, some dumb ass Alpha on a power trip walked though his door, he would fucking fight. No one would be hurting him or his baby. Hell no. He’d fucking kill someone if he needed to.
He sighs, rolling his head to the side when Cas crowds in, scenting and nipping at the soft skin at his throat. “If your uncle ever tells you stories about me, just ignore him, pup. None of them are gonna be true.”
“Dean, these are never going to make it out the door, nevermind to California,” Sam wipes a tear from his eye. “God- my stomach hurts now.”
of a certain someone, or anything remotely sexy to be honest, has him hot and bothered like nothing else- forcing him to shower much more than he usually does as he refuses to relieve himself on principle alone. He can’t do it. Maybe. Probably can’t.
“I- I- I can’t,” Dean chokes, voice breaking as he tries to speak. “Why? Why does it feel like this?”
“Hello Dean,” she leans forward to pat his hand, before leaning back to take him in. “I’ve been waiting a long time to talk to you again, sugar. A long time. I must admit you had me worried after the first time we’d met. I’m glad to see you look’in so good.”
“Merry Christmas, pup,” Cas murmurs sweetly. “Ignore what your Uncle Sam said earlier. This time next year, we’ll be happy to get up at anytime you see fit to wake us, alright?”
Cas knows his way around Dean’s place well enough that he doesn’t need to turn on any lights. He’s breathing like he just sprinted five miles, but he still takes the time to place Dean on the counter like he’s made of glass before pretty much collapsing against it, bracing himself on either side of Dean, pressing his sweaty forehead against his own freezing one.
“It’s okay, you’re okay,” Cas whispers in his ear, kissing behind his ear and rubbing a warm hand up and down his back.
But now he was presented with a new problem. Did he like this guy? Enough to break every rule he and his dad had set in place for him since he was fifteen? Was his dad right about him? Was he just a weak little omega waiting for someone to submit to?
Dean is quiet the entire time, only turning his head enough to reposition his nose along Cas’s neck so that he can scent him. Castiel closes his eyes as well, the steady feel of Dean’s heartbeat making everything inside him feel content.
He can feel his heartbeat thrumming as fast as hummingbird wings, but a million times more heavy and a trillion times more painful. Each breath hurts. Like he’d just sprinted a mile or five without stopping. He feels another breath, and then he can smell something.
Biting his lip and scooting closer so that their sides are touching and he can feel Cas’s heat, he only spares Sam and Jess one cautious look before going for it. He’s gonna try and comfort Cas with his own scent like Cas does for him. He wishes they were in private so he could curl himself around Cas, make it so the rest of the world doesn’t exist, but he’s gotta work with what he’s got.
“Sit down before you fall down,” Benny pats his shoulder. When Dean hesitantly looks up, instead of judgment, Benny is sporting a soft look on his face. “Now was that that hard?” he asks sarcastically.
Because the reality was something he just could not face. As much time as he had to think over that first night, he still can’t believe he’d crossed that boundary. The only real boundary he’d set in place for himself. And now look where they are.
He’s still wet and loose from last night, still a little sore and tired- but Cas makes him forget all that shit. Massaging his prostate now, Cas proves himself right. It can’t have been more than a few minutes, but here he is, biting back his groan as he comes untouched on Cas’s fingers, cock spurting against his stomach, tightening his thighs around Cas’s hand and clenching and unclenching his ass around it.
“Of course little missy,” Benny says. Looking down at the fairy in his arms one more time, he grins at Dean.“Dean, it was good seein’ you. You look good, chief. I guess I’ll seeya soon. You be careful now, ya hear?”
He was already taking frequent bathroom breaks, his bladder having shrunk in the last few weeks, so maybe after he cleaned himself off in the shower and then fixed the toilet paper he shoved up there during the break, no one would be able to smell it? God he wished he could take his suppressants right now. It made everything so much simpler. But nothing was ever simple anymore, and he knew taking them wasn’t really an option right now. Not when he promised Cas that he would take some time to think things over. He owed the man that much.
“Hey,” Dean says sharply, tipping Cas’s chin up to look at him. “That was not your fault, Cas. You said it yourself- you tried to help him, but he chose a dangerous path. That was
He had never had this kind of connection with someone who wasn’t a woman. Did that make him gay? The question kept popping up in his head over and over. Again it was kind of hard to deny with the other
He was so confused, and it hurt so bad. He'd hoped his dad would help him- tell him everything was going to be okay.
Instead of answering, Dean rolls towards Cas until they’re pressed together, then keeps going until he’s on his side again. It’s fucking weird to do, especially with a  guy, but he wraps an arm around Cas’s torso and lays his head on the man’s shoulder; getting himself as close as possible to Cas’s neck in order to inhale as much of that scent as possible. And the Alpha is so
“Dean, you could hurt yourself,” Cas admonishes, stepping closer to grab both of Dean’s hands, ducking to catch Dean’s eyes. “The next couple of months are going to be a difficult adjustment period. Never be embarrassed about asking for help.”
“No? That’s what I thought,” Dean continues, answering for him, “Just wish I coulda figured that out a little sooner. Coulda saved myself a lot of regret…”
“You know the pup won’t disappear if you look away from the photograph, right?” Castiel asks softly.
“I’m not mated, dad,” Dean says with a smile, the cool calmness still helping to keep his emotions in check. “And you
“Cas,” he says quietly, crooking a finger to get him to come closer. Cas looks nervous, but he complies, leaning in so that Dean can whisper into his ear without Charlie hearing. “I’m gonna kick your ass for this later. I might even name this kid Big Bird, just to get back at you.”
“Fuckkkk,” he moans, panting as Cas finds that spot and narrows in on it again. With the two fingers scissoring inside him, hole fluttering around the intrusion, Cas finds his prostrate and rubs it, reducing Dean to a blubbering, incoherent mess.
For a second, he just stands there breathing hard. Blinking stupidly in a pleasured haze, his heart begins to race as soon as he realizes what just happened. He’d gotten off thinking about Cas-
“Stop, Dean,” Cas commands, voice going hard. The sound of it had him involuntarily clenching around Cas’s fingers again. If Cas notices, he’s good at hiding his reaction. “Don’t over think this. You are in heat. Everything that’s happened and will happen is perfectly natural. Just let yourself go, Dean.”
Slowly looking up from the monitor to meet first Dean’s eyes then Cas’s, she looks seriously at them before smiling smugly.
Both him and Cas were playing catch up at work after all the time they’d missed. Dean more so than Cas since Cas technically didn’t miss any work during Dean’s heat. He’d missed most of the medical conference in his hasty departure, but the day after was scheduled as a down day in anticipation of his travel fatigue. Now though, as he’s trying to muddle through his exhaustion and put in a few more hours, he figures he should let Cas know not to come over. He’s probably sick of Dean anyway after all the time Cas had been forced to stay.
He guesses he’ll be finding out soon enough. Because this shit started today. He just didn’t know where to start….
“You’re doing so good, Dean,” he praised, “you’re so relaxed and open for me.” He whispered as he added his last finger. Dean didn’t so much as wince. He must be a natural bottom, he thought, which was slightly uncommon for betas. It was a pity he’d never found that at before, let alone enjoyed the fact. But he couldn’t complain, knowing it would be a tight fit once he was finally inside Dean.
Pressing the top little button of Cas’s iphone like he’s seen Cas do a thousand times, he’s about to drag his thumb across the screen to call his phone when he notices Cas’s screensaver.
Cas smiles against the back of his shoulder and then bears his teeth slightly in a not so gentle bite.
“You couldn’t be more sexy, Dean,” Cas whispers, nosing at his skin still, “You’re freckles, your eyes, your
- I mean… “ he pretended to be distracted by straightening his starched white coat, “What kind of issues?”
And then it stops- Cas’s hips snug against the back of his, balls pressed his ass and his thick cock all the way seated inside him. He shivers, tightening around Cas instinctively, wringing out a shocked moan from Cas who thrusts a little at the feeling then freezes.
Cas nods, letting go of Dean slowly, his fingers never really leaving him as Dean maneuvers himself off of Cas’s lap to sit on the lid of the closed toilet. Cas stands and fishes under the sink until he finds a wash cloth. Running it under hot water, he rings it out before handing it to Dean, who takes it gratefully. He probably looked just as gross as he feels.
He could hear a low roar in his head, growing louder and louder, but it was dulled by the slow succession of everything around him; taking on an almost unreal, dream-like quality that he refused to give another thought on.
No more shitty clinics. He needed a legitimate doctor for legitimate answers. He couldn’t go on like this. Especially if he wanted this to remain a secret. Which he fucking did, of course.
Cas’s arms tighten around Dean’s stomach, and he kisses Dean’s neck again. “You’re twenty weeks today, Dean. Five months,” Cas’s voice trembles with happiness, and Dean blinks in mild astonishment.
“Dean,” he says softly, sadly, walking around so that he’s squatting in front of Dean in the middle of a hospital hallway, balancing himself on either side of Dean’s legs. “
“Relax, Dean,” he chuckles. “We have time before we need to be worried about that. I’d suggest waiting at least until after she’s born.”
And as annoying as his little butt situation went, it actually wasn’t that hard. The last couple of days had been surprisingly…not awful. Smiling automatically while he pours shampoo into his palm, he thinks about walking out of Bobby’s office on Monday, Bobby’s arm slung around his shoulders, feeling like a huge weight had been lifted from his chest from their talk. That was until they left Bobby’s office. In all the stress and high emotions, he’d completely forgotten about the guys. As soon as he saw them both, staring at him with open mouths, both he and Bobby froze in their tracks, and a short lapse of silence fell over them.
“Castiel, we need to get going in about an hour anyway. We could stop by somewhere on the way?” Jess suggests quietly from somewhere on the floor.
Tiredly slipping his hand back from underneath Cas’s now soiled pants, Dean groans as he holds his hand out in front of him, the light now trickling in enough to clearly illuminate the huge load of come coating his hand. Fucking Alphas. That was
Going through the motions of making the brownies, the tv working as background noise, covering up the quiet shifting of flour and mixing bowls, he finishes quickly- sliding the small square into the oven. Moving to lean against the far wall in his small apartment kitchen, he looks down at his belly before covering it with his hands again, smiling as it moves at his touch.
Well thank god the blockers masked the pregnancy scent, or this would have been a hell of a lot crazier.
His eyes water a little bit and his throat starts to close up as Cas works the shirt slowly up and over Dean’s head, the movement achingly familiar and just as sweet as the hundreds of times Cas has done this for him before.
“Uh, whatever’s good,” Dean mutters awkwardly, looking to the floor. He sees Cas’s foot take one step forward and then stop, hesitating.
He knows he’s babbling and he knows there’s no way Cas could’ve missed it, but there’s suddenly so much emotion mixed with words trying to bubble out of him now.
Sam watches the two of them with eyes about to bug out his head. He has no idea what’s happening, or if this is even real life. There is no way in hell that Dean-
As soon as Cas’s knot catches he goes loose and pliant, Cas’s raspy breath tickling his ear as his hands splay possessively over Dean’s belly. Cas uses his hold on Dean to hold him closer to his body, all of Cas’s front tucked as closely to Dean’s back as possible. He feels like he should probably tell Cas to knock off all the possessive Alpha shit, but he’s too busy basking in it. It might be his guilty pleasure.
Closing his eyes, ignoring his body’s natural reaction to Cas for once, everything feels okay for an instance. He can feel Cas’s heart beat underneath his ear, and the tickle of Cas’s breath as it gently puffs against the top of his head.
Groaning out loud to himself, he blindly reached over to the bed side table to feel around for his phone. After knocking off god knows what, he finally feels it’s familiar shape. Cringing away from the brightness of the screen he pulls up his most recent conversation with Cas. Pretty much his only conversation, sadly enough.
He saw a blonde on his left with a low cut red dress that left nothing to the imagination, and heels that definitely did great things for her ass. Beta. She looked like she’d be feisty in bed, and could show him a good time- in a short time. But she had an alpha almost attached to her hip, and Dean smirked when he caught the dude’s glare. Yeah, not touching that one.
Having chosen to sit with Cas on the couch instead of the hard plastic chairs, Dean leans back against the cushions with his fourth slice of pie, watching in amusement as his brother makes puppy dog eyes at Jess. God, they’re just as disgustingly in love as they were when they’d first became mates, and that fact had Dean smiling around his bite of pumpkinny goodness.
“I know you don’t, but if I don’t make you then you’re only going to keep wallowing in self pity. And you may never get your head out of your ass,” Jess deadpans unflinchingly.
“I think that’s awesome, man,” Dean replies, excited by the thought of getting to spend more time with his brother. They usually wouldn’t get together for the holidays, neither of them seeing them as much of a big deal, their father spending them with his current wife and their son. Last year he’d spent thanksgiving and Christmas with Lisa, but it wasn’t anything out of the norm for them, no fanfare, no fuss. With both Cas
It was just Bobby, Ash, and Benny keeping him company on and off as Dean continued his work on the car he’d been tinkering with for the last week and a half. It had been totaled, and was a slow process to fix, but with no real defining need to be finished, as the owner had already bought a new car and gave them the car for spare parts.
By the time he gets home and climbs the three fucking staircases up to his apartment, it’s around six and he’s fucking exhausted. The first thing he does is take the stupid pills he’d forgotten this morning, but he’s pretty sure it’s too little, too late as his stomach churns in unease.
Laughing at the little boys attempt to get over to him- only to have his way blocked by the little girl dressed like a princess who reminds him politely that it’s, “unladylike to cut!”-he can feel Cas behind him, pressed against his back, watching him.
“So back to the hospital it is then,” he does his best to sound cheery. This could be a million times worse; he knows this from the last couple of weeks. He can do this. For Cas, for himself and the baby. “You have a couch, right?”
“Yep,” Pamela says calms, pointing first to the right and then to the left as she explains, “There’s a little foot right there, and those are the fingers- look! You can see a thumb sticking up if you look real closely.”
Dean’s train of thought immediately came to a halt, tensing all over with fear at having to answer the man behind him. They were on their sides, everything from shoulders to feet were touching, creating a warm line of heat he’d been unconsciously leaning back into. Their close proximity meant he could feel fucking everything.
Taking his fingers away for a second, he offered them to Dean once more,  one last chance to end this night right here, and not go any further.
“It starting to hurt, Cas,” he says again frantically as he shifts his hips to alleviate the pressure between them, “What am I supposed to
It’s silent for a moment or two as Cas pets at him, but then they’re both startled by the feeling of a tiny kick. Right against Cas’s cheek.
Even if he’d never looked at any of the messages or listened to the voicemails, he always keeps his cellphone on him in case of emergencies. When he clumsily fumbles the thing from his back pocket, he doesn’t hesitate to press the first number on his speed dial.
“Fucking finally,” he sighs in relief when he’s got the material down past his hips. He reaches for Cas’s fly, tilting his head to the side as Cas nips and sucks at his neck, and unzips the straining zipper with shaking fingers. Cas’s erection springs free, tented within Cas’s boxers, which he can’t help but think are in the way. Thumbs sliding under the elastic, he hears a moan vibrate against his neck as he pulls down the material to bare Cas to the room. But he doesn’t touch him yet.
They sit in tired silence for a few minutes, and Castiel doesn’t take his eyes off the man for a second. Dean’s back has a constellation of freckles, and he can’t deny that he would like to memorize every single one of them.
It’s not the kind of kiss they shared yesterday. That was a promise sealed with lips, a brief “I’m so glad you’re back, don’t ever do that again” kind of deal. This is different.
“The pup, Jess!” he whispers, eyes flashing to Cas who is now watching him from behind the car. “What if I fuck up my kid just like my dad?”
There’s another missed call from Sam, but that’s nothing new. And the last text he’d received from Cas had been at eight in the fucking morning when Cas had sent him over his address. He lived about fifteen minutes away according to his phone, and after he pressed go on the directions, pushed in his favorite cassette tape with both his favorite songs on it, he finally felt ready to hit the road.
Slowly, so slowly he knew he was probably being over dramatic, Dean lowers his head in the dark to look down at his stomach. How
There’s only Cas, there’s only his fingers- a constant running along his body over and over. There’s only the sound of his ass impacting with Cas’s thighs. There’s only pleasure and the wet sound of him taking Cas inside his body over and over again.
“I hear you,” he rasps. “That was- everything I said and did to Cas- to you guys, was so stupid. I fucked up. ‘M sorry. I’m gonna make it up to you,” he promises, his breath hitching on a hiccupping sob, made even worse by his stuffy nose.
Clenching his eyes closed and reluctantly leaning into Cas’s touch, he still doesn’t feel like he can do this. Even with Cas’s words churning up butterflies in his stomach.
Before he shimmies it more than half way up his torso, Cas’s hands are on either side of his face, halting his movements and pulling him in for a long, searing kiss.
“Well that sounds pretty damn important to me!” he sits up a bit to better see Sam, completely forgetting about his suspicions. “Thanksgiving is in what? Like three weeks or something?”
There’s silence for a minute and Dean thinks in his sleepy stupor- that that means Cas is hesitating.
Arms coming up to clutch desperately at Castiel’s arms wrapped around him, Dean sobs brokenly as he holds him.
He’d given Dean plenty of time to stop him, plenty of time to move if he’d wanted to, but he remained perfectly still as Cas grasped his face and angled his head the way he wanted before sealing his lips to Dean’s slowly.
On a good day, Dean’s scent drove him to the brink of insanity, but in heat? There were no words to adequately describe how immediately overwhelmed he’d been as soon as he’d walked through that bedroom door. He’d been rendered stupid in the face of it, unable to think clearly or deny Dean anything as Dean demanded his touch. Castiel was supposed to be the one taking care of Dean, taking care of his needs, but for a few mindless seconds, he’d been utterly useless.
What the fu- he jerked himself back abruptly, realizing how close they had gotten. And had they really been talking that long?! He checked his watch, and it was nearing 1:30am. Where had the time fucking
Shit. He did not think this through. Now he’d have to fucking speak the words out loud. He could feel the panic in chest start to build, his heart beat drumming loudly in his ears. Cas must pick up on the scent, because now his eyes are fully open, and he’s looking at Dean with that fucking
“So what you’re suggesting,” he says softly against Dean’s sensitive skin, “Is that I fuck you so hard tomorrow morning- you’ll sleep the rest of the day? Is that what you want, Dean? Is that what you’re asking for?”
Spurred into action now, motivated to forget this whole embarrassing situation and get on with it, he gratefully struggles out of his jeans again. Throwing them in the general direction of his closet with all it’s fallen brethren, he only spares Cas one more suspicious look before gratefully stepping into his favorite pair of sweatpants. They’re black and soft and they don’t cut into his hips and stomach like jeans do. Used to. He’ll have to find new ones now, he thinks with a sigh, throwing on a hoodie quickly and pulling it down as low as it can go. Even his hoodies were becoming a struggle to put on.
And Cas always pauses. Every single time, to make sure Dean is okay before they continue. It’s the little things like that that make Dean okay with submitting to this man. Cas is special, and there probably isn’t a damn thing he wouldn’t do for him if he asked. Just look at them now….There’s another sound stuck in his throat at the thought of what they must look like.
“SHUT UP CAS!” he yells, whipping around and growling at him. “You don’t understand. NONE of you understand!”
He keeps up a stream of soothing words and encouragements, feeling Dean marginally relax into the touch, the muscles going slack in his neck and arms. Long minutes go by, possibly hours, and all the while Cas desperately wants to get Dean out of the freezing cold water, but he’s unwilling to rush this, or push Dean too far. He has to earn this man’s trust, and if that starts now, than so be it.
But when moved to help rid himself of his clothing, Cas growled low in his throat and swatted his hands away, replacing Dean’s fingers with his own, unbuttoning each button with a precision Dean lacked after so many drinks. After each button was undone, Cas pushed the shirt off his shoulders, kissing them as he did. The kissing quickly turned to sucking and biting though once Cas lowered his head to Dean’s chest.
“I don’t know, man. It’s hard to say,” Dean says, and then pauses to really think about it. “Sometimes…Sometimes none of this feels real, y’know? All of it. It’s so far out of what I pictured for myself. But uh- when I feel the pup movin’ inside me, something I
“Just listen to what he has to say,” Jess begs for the thousandth time. “Even if it’s just the voicemails I know he’s left you.”
“Could I maybe use your laptop? I want to skype my brother real quick. They’ll probably be worried at this point.”
seen him be like this with another person. And Dean was kind of a slut growing up, no offense. He has always had a parade of woman in and out the door, but none that lasts long enough for me to give the threatening brother speech. I only heard about Lisa, never got to meet her in person.”
There’s no point in eating anything too heavy unless he wants it to make a quick reappearance, so he settles for a plain bagel and a shitload of water with lemon. Cas got him hooked on the stuff, and it usually helped with his stomach so he’s hoping it’ll help now as he carries his meager dinner to bed with him.
And that was the end of it. The next day they talked about it a little bit, discussed what Cas would do if Michael called again, but Cas didn’t get upset this time. Disappointed and a little frustrated yes, but Dean couldn’t scent any sadness on him, which he counted as a success.
Pulling out one of the stools behind the counter for him, Cas waits for Dean to take a seat before pressing a few buttons on the top oven and then going over to the freezer and pulling out the flat square box.
And this chapter is dedicated to the You are Not Alone campaign. If you haven't supported Misha and Jensen's campaign yet, there's links all over both their twitters and Facebook!
Taking his hand back from Cas, he smoothes down both hands over his stomach like he could make his bump smaller with just a touch. If he was big now, he couldn’t imagine how enormous he’d be in a few months…
Cas’s hips twitch in discomfort, probably due to how fucking hard he is, and the movement has Dean automatically clenching his cheeks together, squeezing Cas’s dick between them; unintentionally causing them both to moan breathily.
“You’ve got to be fucking kidding me,” Dean groans. “Not even born yet, and the kid’s already trouble.”
“It’s Italian food,” Cas says looking at his feet, and Dean is a little surprised to see a blush stain his tan cheeks. “I’ve noticed that you’ve enjoyed it the most out of everything else, so I went back. They also bake whole, fresh pies to-go. Pie, not cake.” He finishes with a smirk, meeting Dean’s eye again.
He sees Cas’s shoulders tense, immediately on the defensive, and this time Dean can hear it as Cas bites out, “I already told you, Dean can’t speak with you at the moment, he’s - ”
Not only was Charlie waiting for him, but when they get up to the third floor, Missouri and Anna are waiting by the elevator doors to take turns hugging him.
“The second pill is a prenatal vitamin. I picked you up a bottle at work. You should take one every morning with your anti-nausea medicine. The bottle is by the fridge.”
“Dean,” Cas says, taken aback. “I will always be on your side. But this isn’t just about your feelings anymore. This about you and our baby. Your health - ”
“It’s alright, baby. I’m sorry. We’ll be on our way shortly,” Cas whispers to him, the only thing that could possibly get him to open his eyes. “Yes, you heard that right. You don’t get exclusive rights to that term of endearment just because you’re stunningly beautiful,” Cas grunts now with a strained smile.
badly. Fuck, he hoped he didn’t have the stomach flu. It’d been going around as the seasons changed, going from a humid summer to a brisk fall, and Ash was just getting over it. The little fucker better not have gotten him sick.
Dean had barely wrapped his idea around him and Cas being a kind of unit, he hadn’t factored in Cas’s family or even really his own. It wasn’t like he was exactly on good terms with them, or even speaking terms.
Grumbling to himself but left with no other options, he grudgingly slips the material over his head, working his arms up and through the arm holes before pulling it down over his stomach. It was a tight fit. He’s not even tempted to look at himself in the mirror before he’s leaving the bathroom, heading right for the door as he hears a quiet knock.
Gritting his teeth and forcing his eyes up while one hand protectively covered his bump, he’d tried to sound as polite as possible when he uttered the customary greeting, “Hi, what can I do for you today?”
“That ain’t gonna discourage me any,” Benny says simply, leaning back against the car, the picture of ease. “You still haven’t said why you were so blue all those weeks. You looked down right depressed Dean. If that man hurt you in any way, I swear to god I’ll whoop his ass.”
Sinking down onto Cas’s fingers until he’s fully seated on Cas’s lap again, he nods frantically against Cas’s shoulder in appreciation and approval as Cas adds another finger inside him.
“That’s it, Dean,” Cas husks, his voice at least three times as deep as it normally is. “Open for me, baby.”
It’s hard to believe they’d almost spent two days together, but with everything that had happened; last night, this morning, and most importantly today, the time seemed to fly by. Now, he wouldn’t be seeing Cas until tomorrow night, and then not again until Sunday night. It was nothing really, since he’d spent the majority of his time alone since he’d moved out, but he’d grown used to the company.
He lets his head falls to the side to rest against the stairs, but he doesn’t lower his phone. Instead he forces his numb fingers to scroll down in order to open up his voicemail.
“The trick-or-treaters, Dean. Last year was the first time I happened to be home on Halloween, and I was completely unprepared for the barrage of sugar starved children,” he smiles down at Dean, looking proud of himself, “But I will not be making that mistake again, I will not be bested. This year, I’m ready.”
“That reminds me,” Cas perks up, excitement evident in his voice. “You have your first appointment with our OB/GYN coming up in a few days. It’s the day after Halloween, at noon.”
Cas just stares at him. Dean can see the question in his gaze, and the struggle to figure out Dean’s motives. Clearly this is an issue for the two of them, so Dean waits patiently until Cas’s face slackens reluctantly and his hold lessens enough for him to pull away. He doesn’t let go of Cas completely, just enough for him to slowly bend over and carefully turn the knobs to start the water.
Cas,” Dean moans loudly, gasping, and gripping Cas’s hair tightly to bring him closer to where he’s dripping wet and aching. “Cas.
Hands quickly going to his belly to calm himself down, he rubs circles into the soft skin until another wave washes over him, instantly erasing any thought besides the word
The last thing he sees of John’s face before shutting the door, illuminated by the one dim light outside his door, surprisingly, is a look of loss and confusion. Good. Hopefully he had finally been able to get through to the man. Just in time to cut ties with him once and for all.
“Of course,” Jess says. “Don’t worry about anything, Deanie-weenie, we’ll be here when you feel better.”
It feels like he’s walking in slow motion, each step(hey! At least his ankle isn’t injured in his dream) feeling as if there are weights pulling his feet towards the floor. But when he tries the door it’s locked tight and unmoving even when he twists it unlocked and pulls with all his strength.
Fuck this. This isn’t his home anymore. Just because his subconscious sent him here in his sleep, doesn’t mean he has to
“Dean, Dean, Dean….you sly dog. Here we were, worrying that you’d gotten some fatal disease or you’d been right dumped,” he said as he stepped back behind the counter and leaned his chin onto one fist, smirking up at Dean.
Pushing Dean’s thighs up and apart, he can finally see Dean’s little hole. It’s pink and swollen and slick drips from it, and even as Castiel watches, it clenches and unclenches, desperate to be filled. Everything within him is coiled tight, probably just as tight as Dean, and he only spares one more thought on how Dean might react before he leans in to press his tongue against his quivering entrance; tasting his slick for the first time directly from it’s source.
“Do you even realize what you just said?” Cas squints at him. “Nothing natural is the color green? Does that mean the grass or trees or plants are not natural?”
“Cas, what’s wrong with him? I’ve never smelled anything like this, least of all from Dean,” Sam says. “It can’t be a good thing.”
With Cas’s careful input, and almost an hour of Dean struggling in and out of clothes in the fucking tiny changing room, they manage to find two bags worth of stuff. He ends up with about five pairs of pants, three shirts, two jackets and a sweater Cas insists on. Over all not a bad haul.
“I miss you, too Dean,” Cas breathes. “It’s been less than an hour and all I could think about was getting back to you.”
It must have been the second option, because as soon as Dean stands up, Cas’s eyes widen and his nostrils flare. Dean doesn’t give him enough time to comment though, because he’s already walking briskly to the bathroom with a shower on the forefront of his mind. He trusts Cas, but even the tamest of Alphas had to have their breaking point. And he really didn’t want to see Cas’s.
They continue to make-out like fucking teenagers for a few minutes before Cas pulls away slightly, placing one, then two, then three more kisses on Dean’s lips before putting enough space between them in order to meet eyes as they both smile stupidly at each other.
John and Cas rolled around trading punches for all but a second before Cas had the upper hand, fueled by his blind rage.
He hears Sam mutter, “Shit man, don’t scare me like that,” but Dean’s too focused on not tripping over his feet and to respond.
Dean cries out, legs climbing higher up Cas’s thighs when Cas finds that spot inside him. “Shit! Ahhh-
Cas must have been leaning against the door just as he had, because he falls forward slightly before righting himself. All Dean sees is his bare feet though, since his eyes are trained on the floor; too ashamed, and too embarrassed to see the look on Cas’s face. He feels horribly insecure in this moment, and he itches to breath Cas in; his only reliable balm to all the darkness swirling around in his head.
Biting his lip, he turns away from her intense scrutiny. For some reason his heart is pounding away in his chest at her words, and he’s afraid she’ll somehow be able to read that on his face.
Pulling the blankets back and smiling when he sees what Dean is doing, he leans down to kiss Dean’s stomach before carefully arranging the icepacks underneath him.
Dean cries out at the sensation, starting to bounce faster, but it’s still not enough. For the first time since they’ve started this, Dean regrets having to be on top. He wants Cas to pin him down and take control. He needs Cas to dominate him.
But fifteen minutes later yielded no results other than the testing of his bladder and his patience. The kid must’ve inherited his stubbornness, cuz’ it was obviously determined to be yet another surprise just waiting around the corner to shock the shit out of him when he least expected it. Of course.
There’s the soft sound of Cas’s stupid prius pulling away, and his shoulders slump a little. He’s completely alone again. His backup is gone.
“Oh shit, what time do you take off?” Dean asks, having completely forgotten the fact that Sam has a job and had only come all the way out here to smooth tings over with him.
“I’ll be right back. I just need to get a few things. Go back to sleep, I know you’re still tired,” Cas tells him quietly, probably unconsciously coaxing him back to sleep.
“We could stop by Gabriel’s?” Cas tugs him up to whisper in his ear, sending shivers down his neck and spine. “Get a slice of apple pie…I know it’s your favorite.”
“That’s why I know how hard the last couple of days have been for you,” Cas whispers, “I’ve never seen you this on edge before now, this frustrated. And I think it might be because some part of you was afraid of the things that you knew had to happen in order for you to keep doing your job as a parent. Maybe you’ve been waiting for the other shoe to drop, I don’t know, but maybe….you’re suspicions about being yourself have finally come to fruition.”
“You had a crush on this ‘Doctor Sexy’? You told me you didn’t enjoy medical dramas. They are highly inaccurate the majority of the time, but if you wanted to watch this actor you could have said - ”
Then everything was back to normal. Since then, they hadn’t treated Dean differently, hadn’t even teased him about, hadn’t brought it up- which Dean was eternally grateful for. He was still reeling himself, and didn’t know if he would ever be comfortable talking about it with them. But knowing that they still liked him and wanted to work with him was a huge relief, and he like knowing that there was more than one person in the world who had his back.
Cas grunts as he picks him up and takes all his weight, but closes the car door with his hip and turns for the hospital like it’s so big deal.
He’s still in too much shock to get mad. “Dean, you sounded like you were dying,” Sam pleads, “And you wouldn’t pick up your phone again, no matter how many times I tried. I had to make sure you were alright.”
“Oh my gosh, that’s awesome! I’m twenty weeks tomorrow!” she says excitedly. “Do you know the sex yet?!”
“Well then I am very glad to be of assistance,” Cas tells him. “Maybe you could try placing a thin pillow underneath your stomach whilst sleeping on your side? It might even out the weight - ”
Yet he wants to say yes so fucking bad. Especially remembering back to last night; exhausted, cold, and strangely lonely in the wake of sharing a bed with someone for only a few days. But that was because of his stupid heat, now there was no reason for them to be sleeping together. Sure, the few days that they had had been kind of awesome, but if he plans to keep his dignity firmly attached to his person while walking around friggin’
“It’s okay, Dean.” He breathes, trying to soothe the obviously frazzled man, “it’s perfectly natural. Has this ever occurred while taking your suppressants?” He could see the visible way Dean relaxed to the sound of his voice, reacting unconsciously to the comfort he tries to intone. Still so receptive.
“Charming as always, Dean,” Cas rolls his eyes. “The bathroom is through there, to your right.” He says, pointing to the opposite doorway in which they came in.
It was just one of those days where nothing helped the nausea. The pills, while pretty good with settling his stomach, were never one hundred percent. So after he cleaned himself up and got off the phone with Bobby, he grabbed the blanket off the couch that had been there last night, and wrapped himself in it before trudging back to bed. Inhaling, he melted back into the pillows. He could still smell him. He pulled the neck of his shirt over his nose to get the full effect, and he could feel the spinning of the room slowly come to a stop.
His eyes pop open wide to see if Cas caught his slip. By the way that the man was looking at him expectantly, he definitely had.
But as soon as his feet touch the ground and the blanket falls from around him, he flinches back automatically.
In the back of his mind Dean knows there a LOT they still need to discuss. Yet that thought holds a very fleeting moment in his mind before passing, warm contentment quickly taking over and easing him into a deep sleep in his mate's arms.
Cas’s still kneeling between his legs, so his eyes are locked on where his finger- scratch that- finger
Moaning softly at the feeling of Cas’s weight pressing against him, he slumps further down the door in an attempt to feel more of him. So he’s more than a little disappointed when Cas pulls away from his lips.
, a word that had always meant the world to Dean but didn’t mean anything when it was Cas’s? All this time he’d been so friggin’ selfish, and he hadn’t even realized.
Sam turns back to meet Dean’s eyes. “We fly out tomorrow night. But uh- not to kill the buzz for thanksgiving or anything, but I was hoping to discuss Christmas.”
“Dean,” he says, pulling Dean back far enough so he can speak quietly in his ear, keeping a hold on his belt loop so Dean can’t run away, “I don’t blame or judge you for giving in to the demands of your body. There is nothing to be ashamed about. While our current circumstance is not ideal in means of privacy, I believe I am the only one who will be able to scent you so…thoroughly. I do apologize for making you uncomfortable, but you
“What’s up, Bobby?” he asks cautiously, nudging the door open slowly. Bobby is sitting at his desk, his fingers steepled in front of him, and Dean can tell by Bobby’s stormy expression that he’s not gonna like whatever Bobby has to say.
“I’m really good, Cas. We should probably get up now,” he says reluctantly, his voice almost back to normal again.
“I just… feel so unprepared. Like the pup isn’t gonna wait for us to get our shit together, and we don’t really have a lot of time. I mean, look at it!” he says, shaking the picture a tad bit desperately, “It’s already trying to be a person! It has fingers and toes and a brain! I feel like everything is going so fucking fast and we don’t even have a foot in the door!”
“I apologize if my…behavior during your last appointment has soured your opinion of this establishment. While I can makes excuses for my actions, I won’t bother trying. Just know that I’ve never acted so unprofessionally in this career before, and I never plan to again. I very much hope that was a one time occasion.”
“It’s only for a few days, Dean,” Cas says softly. “I’ll be back so quick, you won’t have time to miss me,” he teases, smiling when Dean splutters indignantly.
Pulling over the rolling chair and carefully lowering himself into it with the support of his baby- his car baby, not his
“Dean?” Cas calls from somewhere in the house, a note of panic in his voice that has Dean moving toward it immediately. Exiting the office, he completely forgets his mission to explore in favor of seeking out that voice.
Snapping his eyes open to look up at Bobby- and hey, how the fuck did he get here so fast- his first reaction is not to argue. Instead, he rolls his eyes.
“Okay,” Cas murmurs, wiping the corners of Dean’s mouth with the utmost care. “Better? Do you feel okay to move, now?”
Not that anyone had tried, he thinks, anger coloring his thoughts as he sees the drop off sign inching closer.
He can’t help but smile a little at Cas’s panicked texts. He can clearly imagine Cas staring down at his phone with that concerned confusion that only Cas can pull off. Maybe with that little held tilt as well. Cas is a worrier, going all protective Alpha with a drop of a dime. It’s endearing as well as annoying as hell.
“You’re not gross, baby,” Cas admonishes, softly. “Nothing about this is grossing me out. Do you need to blow again? Can you scoot to the side a bit so I can come in?”
, and he finally takes a deep breath and lets it go in the form of an almost moan. Relaxing back a little against Cas, he let’s the man do whatever the fuck he wants. When Cas finally works his fingers into Dean’s hair, massaging the base of his skull, Dean has to admit that Cas was fucking right. He
It takes a long time for Cas to start moving again, content to just feel him and the pup close for the first time in what feels like forever. By the time Cas starts his examination again, Dean’s got his head back against the mirror with his eyes closed.
Their way is blocked after a few steps though, by a big burly man leaning over one of the tables, talking loudly with a bunch of dudes wearing jerseys. There’s a small gap between this dude’s butt and the next table- probably too small for him- but he just wants to sit down.
“Good. You can tell her when she calls you. As soon as I tell her you called, you won’t be able to shut her up,” Sam chuckles fondly.
Cas sits up and knocks most of the pillows to the floor, then slowly lifts Dean into an upright position. Before he can swing his legs over the side of the bed to stand though, Cas fits himself against Dean’s back again. Hands slip under his t-shirt in a very familiar way.
“Not too long,” he mumbles, closing his eyes at the feeling of Cas’s fingers moving through his hair. “Forgot to take the freak’in anti-nausea pill this morning. I took it when I got off work, but it’s been a hell of a day.”
Cas grumbles a bit, reaching for Dean, but Dean just kisses his forehead and runs his fingers through his hair until he rolls over and goes silent one more.
“If you insist,” Cas says reluctantly. Standing himself, he follows Dean to the door to grab his stuff. It’s only a backpack and a small suitcase, so he waves Dean off when he tries to help.
Dean’s eyes blink open in complete shock, even more surprised to see guilty blue eyes staring back at him. Cas looks completely serious.
He nods in answer- yet on the inside he’s reeling. He is nearing the seventh month of his pregnancy already. That meant he only had a very short window to get his shit together. His pup didn’t deserve to come into the world with so much chaos and bullshit. Especially since it’s all coming from him.
“Dean what are you doing?” Cas gasps, probably attempting to find Dean’s eyes in the early morning darkness with no success.
He feels his face soften at her genuine interest, and he finds himself turning the computer until it’s pointed at the tv.
Dean does as he’s told, leaning back until he’s resting against Cas’s raised knees. Cas immediately swoops down to kiss one nipple and then the other, sucking on them until they’ve pebbled and Dean is moaning and clutching Cas’s head to his chest with a claw like grip, legs automatically spreading further.
Is this really what his life had come to? Why couldn’t it at least be his dick that liked Cas? It fucking had to be his ass, didn’t it?
“I did say that time was of the essence,” he shrugs. “Alright, give me your hands. Ah ah ah- watch the ankle, Dean. I said hands, not try to get to your knees,” he tsks, exasperated.
No noise except him taking a seat on the white crinkly paper over the reclining bed. Nothing but beige walls and body posters to distract him from what was coming. It’d all gone relatively smooth up until this point, the quirky staff helping to take his mind off the severity of what ever was making him sick as well as the leaking mess he hadn’t been able to touch when he was providing the urine sample. But now the pleasantries were over, and the sterile disinfectant was starting to burn his nose, taking over all his senses.
Moaning and trying to twist free from Cas’s hold around his hips, his hands find Cas’s hair and grips it tight. Tighter still as Cas sucks him down. But he loses the feeling of Cas’s soft hair beneath his fingers as Cas moves further down his body.
“I don’t want to make you even more uncomfortable than I already have, and I don’t want to intrude. You need to rest, so would it be alright if I slept on your couch?”
The weekend had turned into a week, and that week hadn’t really ended. He’d never slept as good as he had while sleeping with Cas. Every single morning started with kisses for him and the pup. Every day they got to spend a little time together, and all of their nights. Things were pretty good at the moment. He’d never seen Cas smile this much. So when it came time for Sam’s weekly call, it seemed only natural to invite Sam over to Cas’s house for thanksgiving rather than Dean’s tiny apartment.
Carefully leaning against Cas in the booth, too close for public really, he gets up in Cas’s face until there’s only a couple of inches between them and the ridiculous urge to kiss him strikes again. Cas’s eyes are wide and searching, and when he noticeably gets a hit of Dean’s scent, the corner of his lips quirk up just a tiny bit.
Besides, surely Dean had someone to talk to right now, go to for solace, someone to help him get through this that he
Dean is transported to the wheelchair- to the other side of the building- and then deposited into another bed. By then, he’s so tired that he nuzzles his face into Cas’s neck and closes his eyes while Pam gets him set up.
Cas chuckled throatily, and added a third finger. “Dean, I realize words might be failing you at the moment, but I need you to answer something for me.”
For any of you people who have never done GISHWHES, please think about doing it next year! You will never have as much fun or experience so much weird in your entire life! Hope you enjoyed this chapter! And as always, mistakes are my own! My bad xD
“No,” he says uncertainly, because he’s not sure how he feels about it. Now isn’t the time though to think on the boundaries of their odd relationship, though. Now it was time to shower and eat. Then he’d find out the sex of his pup. Holy
would probably be a smarter choice,” Sam says, rubbing the back of his neck. “Though I’m not opposed to a vegetarian option every now and again.”
Things couldn’t continue as they had before. While he had wanted Dean to utilize the note and number he left on his door, he knew better than to get his hopes up. Obviously Dean wanted nothing to do with him, he’d gotten that loud and clear. But their situation had just become way more complex. Something had to give.
He wasn’t wrong. Just because the people in his life wanted to do what was best for him, didn’t mean that he was wrong for being upset about how they went about it. In order for him to actually be okay with the way things are, he’s going to have to be able to choose what was right and wrong for himself.
“It will be, I promise.” Cas starts kissing him all over, the top of his head, his ear, his eyebrows, cheeks, anything he can reach. “You and I. It’ll be good again. Soon.”
Seeing Sam off was made a lot easier knowing that he’d be seeing his brother again soon. It was weird knowing that Cas and his brother had been the ones to discuss meeting up again, especially after their disastrous introduction, but when he was watching Sam head for his gate, turning around to wave one more time, he’d found himself so fucking grateful for it.
“If you are so fine, then prove it. Please. Just- just open the door Dean,” Cas sighs, sounding just as exhausted as Dean feels.
“What?” Dean asks, confused when Cas sits him down and then pulls away. He pulls Dean’s blanket away from his legs and then kneels in between them. “Cas what are you-
“Dean, I’m fine,” Cas says in warning, trying to shake off Dean’s hand, eyes hopping from Dean to Sam cautiously.
“Dean,” he sighs unhappily, “You don’t have to thank me for that. I would never do anything you didn’t want me to do, and I certainly wouldn’t betray your trust by knotting you during your heat.”
Cas hisses when he manages to carefully work Dean’s boot off the injured ankle, so he’s guessing it doesn’t look good.
Immediately, a single finger pushes inside him slowly, and Dean clenches his eyes shut at the ache. Gritting his teeth as his legs spread automatically. It’s not painful exactly, but it’s not the quick zing of pleasure it would normally be. It kind of felt like a deep tissue massage when you were really sore, pressing in to the places he ached and making them feel better. Sighing as Cas adds another finger, he moves his hips minutely back and forth, helping the process along when Cas starts to scissor him open.
It felt a liiiiittle too cruel to leave you guys like that. Although I truly loved the panicked comments! Hope you guys enjoyed this chapter, let me know whatcha think? ;)
That was bullshit of course, since he was pretty sure he could fall asleep in any position- even standing up if he had to- but Cas doesn’t know that. And he doesn’t need to know about how he’d slept with one of his shirts pressed to his nose in a desperate bid for sleep that ended up paying off. No, Cas doesn’t need to know how disgustingly pathetic Dean had become.
Reaching down to sleepily feel his dick for any accidental jizz, he confirmed that this was not the case. His dick was dry and soft still, just as it had been when he’d fallen asleep. Rolling over in the opposite direction to examine the spot, he froze in place. That had felt fucking weird. Dirty. Fuck this couldn’t be happening.
The last couple of mornings he’d woken up a slick mess, his underwear like a second skin, with the memory of Cas inside him leaving him shivery and so fucking aroused he couldn’t help but cling more tightly to the sleeping Alpha next to him. Randomly now, he’d start thinking about it, about letting Cas knot him, and more and more the idea sounded better and better.
Afraid to move, but all too aware of how hard Dean was shaking, he keeps his fingers where they are and slowly starts to lean back; bringing both Dean and him to lay back against the bed, shifting Dean to the side slightly  but keeping him cradled to his chest.
Biting his lip and wrapping his arms tight around himself in an attempt to quell the rising panic, he feels his chest expanding as he starts to hyperventilate. There had to be a mistake. There had to be. He hadn’t had a heat since he was fucking fifteen and under his father’s roof. That one heat had been enough of a reason to prevent another one for the rest of his life.
Snapping out of his trance, he finally turns to regard Cas. “What? Yeah, yeah I’m good, man. Let’s go.”
“The pup,” Sam says immediately, without a second’s hesitation, eyes darting from Dean’s eyes to his stomach and then back again.
Grinning toothily at Dean, she nods. “I’m the best. But he’s smelly! Is your baby gonna be a boy or a girl?”
He uses his grip to pull Dean off and up, barely letting him off his knees before crashing their mouths together again.
Dean’s got one arm wrapped around his belly, his head tucked as close to it as possible, while his other hand clutches the phone to his ear desperately. He holds his breath.
Guess Dr. Shurley didn’t see that one coming. It was almost comical to see his eyes widen even further.
“Enough, Dean,” Cas snaps, rising and turning his back to Dean. “You’ve made it abundantly clear that you do not need me. You must excuse me for showing concern for you and the child we
“You were fifteen, and your father decided to treat you differently because of the way you presented?”
Tomorrow is the day. By then, the scent blockers will have had three days to leave his system. There’s no going back, and there is no avoiding this. He feels naked in his own skin, and as Cas is leaving for the night, he knows Cas can sense his unease.
“Ahh the good ol’ days. When all I had to worry about after Halloween was a stomach ache,” Dean says longingly.
The first thrust is slow. And so is the second, third, and forth. But by the fifth, on every thrust in, right before he pulls out, Cas starts to swivel his hips in a figure eight motion so that he’s just brushing against his prostate with only a hint of pressure.
Fuck…he thinks, fear and heat making his breath come quick, what if it was another Alpha? He smelt like omega in heat. And he’d learned over time that that meant a fucking free for all for any knotthead that caught his scent. And here he was…naked and alone and fucking helpless. The definition of a sitting duck, and yet here was still frozen; sitting up on his elbows, waiting.
With a final pat to Dean’s back, he’d disappeared back into his office. The man hadn’t come back, and they didn’t bring it up again, but on the rare occasion a customer decided to make faces at Dean or treat him rudely, Bobby was always right there to step in before he could. Always with a smile and a wink. And then Dean would never see those faces again.
As much as Dean bottles up his emotions, he knows now that Cas has been doing the same. Perhaps for different reasons of course, but Dean knew firsthand that sometimes you just needed to let that shit out.
“You sure are a lot of trouble, huh?” he murmurs down to his bump, resting one hand on top of it while trying not to move anything else. “You gotta be a boy. Only boys can cause this much mayhem in such a short amount of time.”
“No man, you deserved some answers after everything we been through,” Dean says weakly. “They’re just not so easy to give.”
Dean is silent in the shower that night. Thinking things over as he and Cas share the same little space, brushing against each other every few seconds, Cas lathering up and scrubbing Dean’s shoulders. He’s thinking about today, about how far the two of them have come, the progress they made from day one.
His work was suffering, he was often spaced out and making stupid mistakes, or down right sloppy because he can’t quite summon the energy to care anymore. It was just too much effort. The garage used to be his salvation, his place to let loose and do something he loved, but now it was just somewhere to kill time.
The scent is everywhere, all around him, and it does worlds in means of putting him at ease. Relaxing his shoulders and breathing deeply, he goes right for the source of the scent.
“This child has impeccable timing,” Cas narrows his eyes and starts to scoot back down Dean’s body. “Don’t you, little one?”
Dean bites back his laugh as Cas’s entire face lights up with excitement, leaning closer and murmuring apologies, and, “Of course we’d never name you Big Bird.”
“I said our first time,” Cas soothed, seemingly to read Dean’s worry, “if you recall, I told you I’d make you scream my name repeatedly. This is a marathon, not a race, Dean. And I intend to pace myself.”
“Me neither,” Dean murmurs quietly against Cas’ skin. Considering the way he’d reacted the last couple times it seemed like Cas had even
They sit in silence again. This one so much more heavy than the one previous, with all the weight from everything just said. There is just so much to process, it’s pretty fucking overwhelming. One thing does stand out in Dean’s head though, and he can’t let it go unacknowledged. Not now.
Dean wakes up twice more during the night, and tired, clumsy fingers slot into place once more. Dean comes quickly and quietly both times, panting roughly against Castiel’s neck before his harsh breathing gradually turns into soft snores, the both of them finally able to fall into a deeper sleep while wrapped around each other.
The next thing he knew, his head was fuzzy, something was tickling his neck, and his alarm clock was shining right in his face. He barely slit open his eyes to see that it was seven fucking thirty in the morning on a fucking Saturday.  Light was barely starting to make it’s way through his mostly closed blinds, signaling a new day. A day he was not ready to face. Especially before eleven.
Cas’s jawed clenched as he scented the air, but other than that, Cas tried his best not to draw attention to it. It was way too fucking soon to even think about bringing his slick issue into the equation.
“So Dean and the pup are really okay?” Sam ventures cautiously. “I know Dean said they are, but you know Dean.”
Cas isn’t interested in a stare down apparently. He’s too busy looking Dean up and down. Probably thinking through if Dean really could stand up by himself, and outweighing his options. But when Dean starts to leans forward like he’s about to attempt it, Cas’s eyes narrow and he sighs in defeat. “Stop.”
He honestly doesn’t think Cas would try anything though. Not after everything that had been said in the bathroom. Hopefully, Castiel was being honest with him, because he was deciding to trust him, if only with this.
“Cas? You ready to go?” he says cautiously. Cas must have heard him leave the bedroom, but he hasn’t turned around or given any indication that he means to.
“I’m not your ‘buddy,’” Cas grumbles, put out over being denied. He held a vindictive sort of pride over the fact that he could wreck Dean with just his tongue, a skill he liked to use as often as possible. The pout on his face shouldn’t be nearly as endearing as it is.
When Cas realizes that Dean has heard him, he turns and leaves the room, ignoring for the moment the continued banging on the front door. When he returns though, he’s wearing a pair of low-slung jeans as well as his work shoes.
Seeming to shrug it off, Cas went back to placing kisses on his neck. Then his shoulder and lower… But his long sleeve flannel was apparently annoying the man. His face scrunched up, and his head tilted to the side. Okay, that was kind of cute. He kind of looked like a lost puppy. Meeting eyes with Dean, he tugged on his sleeve. “This needs to be off, Dean. Immediately.”
Finally meeting and holding his eyes, Dean looks up, looking like he’s trying to assess him and his motivations. Something on Castiel’s face must have convinced him, because he nods. Wearily, eyes trying to keep Castiel in view, Dean slowly begins to unpeel the soaking wet hoodie from his skin. Pulling it over his head is a process, and it gets stuck over his chest and shoulders. This time when Castiel stands and grabs the tips of the fabric to assist him though, Dean allows it. Taking the soiled hoodie, he hangs it over the shower rod and turns his attention back to Dean.
Looking quickly at Cas who’d been watching his exchange with his co-workers silently, he bites his lip nervously when Cas nods his head encouragingly and moves to open the door for him. Having no other choice now, he glares at Cas before walking further into the room. Missouri is behind a partition this time instead of the reception desk, and she smiles at him from where she’s sitting and gestures to the chair next to her.
“You can remove your own clothing if you wish Dean, you just need to get warm, and your clothing now is preventing you from attaining an optimal temperature.”
He suddenly remembers all the cryptic warnings from the airport, and his shock turns to anger. “You knew. All three of you knew, and you didn’t say anything? How?”
Their hasty departure and even hastier breakfast(not to mention their morning activities) has him exhausted by the time he’s flopping into the passenger seat of Cas’s ugly ass Prius.
But Cas doesn’t laugh, doesn’t even smile as he looks Dean over in concern. His hand starts a rubbing motion on his back that has his sore muscles relaxing in relief after being hunched over in such an awkward position.
He shifts over to slip his arm under Dean’s knees and back again, lifting him before Dean has time to argue.
Cas couldn’t help his moan as Dean took to sucking his fingers with abandon, needing no direction. Fuck that was hot. He couldn’t even imagine how overwhelmingly sexy it would be if Dean were to suck him off. While definitely rugged and handsome in some ways, he couldn’t really deny that Dean was, like he told him earlier, beautiful. Slightly feminine in a way most men wished they were. With bright green eyes, sun kissed freckles, and plump, pouty lips, Dean was almost too perfect. And too controlled. He wanted this man to completely lose it, just for the night. To go forward from here knowing that there was way more to life than the ideals of closed minded people. You didn’t have to be gay to enjoy sex with men. You didn’t have to be straight to enjoy sex with women. Alpha or beta, or even omegas. They didn’t have to follow exactly to the tee what society told them to be or do. Humanity in itself was fluid, always moving and constantly changing to meet the needs of the current majority. Putting limitations on one single aspect of that seemed a waste of time and emotion to him.
Benny, who happened to be working the counter again, turns at the noise. The smile on his face and the greeting about to pass through his lips dies before it has time to be completed as Dean continues on into the room. He can tell that Benny has caught his scent, but wonders if the Alpha can scent the other thing as well.
But Cas just chuckles quietly before shimming away from dean, despite Dean’s grumbling, in order to turn over and reach for something on his night-stand. When he rolls back over, he hands Dean a huge wad of tissues before cleaning himself off quickly. Rolling over onto his back, Dean wipes his hand clean as much as possible before slouching under the covers until only his head can be seen. Blushing the entire time, he closes his eyes as slips two tissues down the back of his pants to soak up some of the slick he feels plastering his pants to him like a second skin. He probably should have done this immediately after he’d come, alone in the bathroom, but he’d kinda been freaking out.
He’s numb. All of him is numb as he feels the slickness coating the back of his pants where he sits. But for some reason he still needs answers, still wants an explanation as to why he’s feeling this way.
Shaking his head at how fast his brother responded to him logging in, he takes in one reluctantly relieved breath before accepting the call.
“Of course I am, Dean,” Cas says as he looks up to hold his gaze, “But your family seems to be a sensitive subject, and I didn’t want to cause you any undue stress. Besides, I was hoping you’d tell me when you were ready.”
Dean watched him go, choosing not to respond. When he heard the front door click shut, he dropped back onto the bed in a defeated heap. What the fuck had he done?
Hands grip his hips, his thighs, his biceps, touching him in all the places his skin yearns to feel Cas. His touch makes his skin tingle, and he leans into it, closing his eyes and just breathing him in.
Just the gentle pressure feels good. Tightening his hand, and bringing the other one up to brace himself against the cold shower wall, he starts to stroke himself firmly- up and down, just trying to get it over with.
“I think you made me wait long enough, Mr. Winchester,” Cas says, nuzzling into Dean’s neck pointedly. “Feel free to try and prove me wrong, but I’m almost positive that nothing could make me happier than having you as my mate.”
Cas had to go in today for work while Dean hadn’t, so Cas was probably just getting back home. He has enough time to fight with his jeans again, throw on a black Henley, and then finish the look with his biggest, baggiest, military green jacket and logger boots. With what he was wearing, he was pretty sure he’d done a good enough job covering up his bump. The jacket had always been big, but now it hung on him in a way that made him look less bulky underneath, giving the illusion that the jacket was slightly puffed.
“What?” he squawks, flailing a little before he stills when pain zaps up his spine. Cas is leaning over him again, knees resting against the bench so that he can touch both palms to Dean’s face again.
Because really, he thinks as he heads to the kitchen to hunt for food, how bad could a heat really be? He’d only experienced one heat in his entire life, and that had been his
It’s quiet for a few minutes, and Dean feels himself drifting off, content, when Castiel tries to slowly remove his fingers.
Dean swallows repeatedly, his tongue feeling heavy and uncooperative. “I’mmmm. S-s-so. Sorry. I can’t,” he stutters, breaking off when he needs to take a minute to breathe again.
“No Sam. You don’t get to come here, hurt him, and then start asking questions,” Dean says heatedly, words coming fast. “You lost that privilege when you decided to pull a dad. So we’re not gonna talk about that. We’re gonna talk about
“This is very strong medication, Mr. Winchester. I’ve uh, actually never worked with it before. But I know it’s one of, if not the strongest suppressants available. Do you mind giving us some quick blood labs? This kind of medicine is extremely prevalent in blood work, and it should be able to determine if it’s reaching your body’s nervous system properly.”
“Actually, I have gone into a rut whilst visiting my brother in New York,” Cas says, wincing. “It made for an…interesting visit to be sure.”
The only time he wipes his eyes is when they get too blurry to see Cas. Because not to see him, not to look at him right now would be a damn shame.
Benny narrows his eyes like he’s trying to tell if Dean is lying to him or not, but he nods. “I’ll take your word for it right now, but you better bring that boy around here so I can see for myself. I’m sure Bobby would agree.”
“It’s very common during Omega pregnancies. Mates, or more specifically Omegas, rely heavily on the scent of their Alphas in a time where they couldn’t be more vulnerable. For protection and comfort, everything an Omega needs, especially when with pup,” Cas eyes narrow like he wants to say more, but already knowing from Dean’s face that Dean is at his limit.
“Dean,” he says as he squats in front of him again, hands on Dean’s soaking denim clad knees, “I’m going to dry you off now, okay? I will be done soon, and then you can go to bed, alright?”
They wait until both sets of footsteps are out of hearing distance before moving. Dean; to attempt his long-winded get up, Cas; to pull him backwards again.
Getting into the driver’s seat while Cas places his things in the back seat, Dean waits impatiently as he starts the car. And when Cas is in, the drive is silent. Cas staring out the window, Dean all but glaring at the road ad his scent goes all over the place, probably confusing the hell out of Cas.
“And what could you possibly be smiling about at a time like this?” Cas’s exasperated voice comes just to his side. Dean opens his eyes when he hears the cabinet shut, and feels the warmth of Cas stepping in between his legs to take in the damage, obviously having found what he was looking for.
Clearing his throat quickly when he hears Cas’s footsteps coming back towards the bedroom, he swipes hurriedly and brings up Cas’s contacts.; finding his number alone under his list of favorites.
“It’s not that simple man,” he says as he continues to rub circles lightly into his stomach to keep himself from getting too tense, “Yes I miss my brother, but that doesn’t mean I’m ready to talk to him yet.”
Should probably distract him first though, he had a feeling this part would be new for him. The alcohol was probably what had relaxed up to this point. Distraction, yes. And what was more distracting then a blow job? Getting back to it, he took Dean in again, going straight for deep throating as he brought his hands to his hips again. They didn’t stay there though, even though Dean immediately bucked up again, almost gagging him. As long as he relaxed his throat he’d avoid any embarrassing accidents.
“Banged up my ankle a bit, but besides that we’re all good,” he says and then smiles a little sad quirk of his lips. “I kind of shut down. Couldn’t deal with it all by myself. Thank god I had my phone on me or else I would’ve been even more fucked. I managed to call Cas, and he came and got me.”
His words have dried up like a river in the desert. All the things he wants to say, wants to ask for, or even demand, have suddenly left him.
“Dean. Dean Winchester? There must be a mistake…” Cas says, ignoring Dean’s comment and continuing to frantically look through the papers in his hand, pausing to look back at Dean a few times in disbelief. Of course this would be happening to him.
“You not getting out of bed,” he grumbles, stopping his fingers from automatically reaching for Cas. It’s sad that that is his immediate reaction.
“Then why don’t I go with you to work?” he cuts in again, calmly. Cas is obviously freaking out, and if this is the only thing that could ease his mind, he’d gladly do it. They really didn’t have too many options.
So along with being potentially hazardous to their health, it would be completely fucking useless to try and keep hiding with the blockers.
As they both get into bed though, bed-side table still on, Dean finally notices how fucking tired Cas looks. Dark bags under his eyes, five o’clock shadow just a little too long, Cas looks 40 instead of 30. For the first time he wonders if he isn’t the only one feeling the effects of the pregnancy. Had he really been so selfish that he hadn’t even noticed Cas’s own exhaustion? He knew he’d been working really hard at the hospital, but he spent any and all free time with Dean, so when did the man take a break?
He smiles softly at Cas. Climbing up on the bed and turning onto his side, he lays down with his head in Cas’s lap, closing his eyes when one of Cas’s hands immediately work it’s way through his hair.
Cas flashes a look at him that makes him stop though, stepping towards Cas in concern. “Hey,” he says softly, reaching up to grab either side of Cas’s face when he looks like he might turn away. “What’s up?”
With the pup blocking the view of his feet he hadn’t really gotten a good look at the damage. Cas had not been joking about the bruising. It was almost difficult to decipher whether or not he even possessed an ankle because it was lost to swelling and violent purple and blue color. Yikes.
“How do you know? Just do it, Cas,” he huffs in frustration. He flinches away from Cas’s lips, “This is what I want, and I said I’m fine.”
His alarm clock blared in his ear, startling him awake. At any other time, Back in Black would usually pump him up, but not when it was the first thing he heard in the morning.
“If it’s a girl will you name it Katie?” she gasps with wide eyes. “Or if it’s a boy will you name it Big Bird? Both names are really good ones. And I’m a real good sharer!”
He’s not usually so vocal about what he wants, so Cas looks at him in surprise, raising an eyebrow and pursing his lips. “Of course, Dean. Let’s get you up.”
Cas must feel his back shake because he readjusts Dean so that he’s sitting on his lap instead of between his legs, and there’s no place that they aren’t connected. Back to chest, bottom to top, Cas swallows him whole.
He sighs, suddenly feeling all the aches and pains that come with falling down a couple stairs. “Yeah. I did actually. But I’m sorry I missed your calls. A lot of shit happened and I-“
Logically, he knew he shouldn’t care about what ignorant assholes said or did, but in his head, he kept repeating the ugly words over and over again, burying his head in his knees and rocking back and forth a little bit, trying to calm himself down. When he finally got his breathing under control again, he leaned his head back against the tiled wall wondering how much time had passed, and if Cas had noticed his absence.
“Dean,” Cas sighs softly, covering Dean’s arms with his own. He only stiffens a tiny bit when Dean works his towel free and lets it fall to the floor.
“It’s fine, Sam,” he insists, his voice still muffled. “Has to do with temperature during pregnancy. Google it.”
Hey guys, I decided to say fuck school this week and actually write. Not to mention I met and hugged Misha Collins, Ruth, and Rob. It was a good week. Now I'm about to ruin yours.
He leans in to kiss him one more time before reaching for the door, shrugging off the sparks of something deep and warm residing in his stomach. More feelings he needs to fucking ignore.
Breathing a sigh of relief at someone saying those words besides himself, he manages to chuckle a little. “That sounds vaguely like lord of the rings, lady Arwin.”
“Alright. You should probably eat something more than donuts before you leave though,” Cas smiles half-heartedly, nodding toward the kitchen.
“Woah, woah. Hold on,” Cas says. Killing the engine, he’s out and jogging to Dean’s side in an instant.
Turning around to gape at him, Cas had little options but to leave. There was no point in trying to argue with Dean. He was obviously upset, and unable to listen to reason at the moment. He had no idea how this had escalated so quickly, he thought as he hastily searched for his haphazardly thrown clothes, all the while feeling the wrath radiation from the bed, but he resolved that this would not be the end for them. They’d shared a connection last night, and no matter how hard Dean fought against himself, he was determined to make Dean see that. Hopefully, he’d get the opportunity. Currently, he doubted he ever would, but only time would tell.
Shaking his head at the dark thought, the baby must have liked them just as much as he did, because it kicks right when the elevator doors
Bobby grumbled something about, “needing to take better care of yourself,” but hadn’t argued with him anymore. Choosing instead to watch him from a distance, door propped open in his office so that Bobby could worry over him in silence. Rolling his eyes at the old man’s antics, he got back to work, rubbing his stomach discreetly as he moved behind the car, out of view, before whispering, “Relax buddy. I gotta put in a few hours here, and then you can fuck with me as much as you want, okay?”
“I’m good Cas,” he pulls away, panting slightly. “You should probably go,” he says reluctantly, hoping to save himself any more embarrassment than he was already experiencing due to unwanted slick.
Arms wrapped around him tight, keeping him warm and safe, Dean finally gives into the lullaby from the heartbeat beneath him, and greets sleep with open arms.
“Mmmm,” Dean hums, closing his eyes and widening his legs a little in invitation. A finger immediately dips inside him, just the tip at first then up to the first knuckle. The single digit starts sliding in and out of him, twisting, before a second slides in him just as easily.
I really should be studying for my finals....awell. Hopefully I'll some of you at Seacon next week! I'm PUMPED.
“You just don’t get it,” Dean sighs, “you aren’t the one born at the bottom of the food chain, and you aren’t the one who’s… you know.”
“So where is the poor son of a bitch, Cassie? Or is this like your “girlfriend” in sixth grade? I knew she sounded too good to be true-” he’s saying, voice high and reedy as he chuckles- until Cas sees Dean.
The most obvious place to look would be his bedroom. It was, after all, a one- bedroom apartment. There was the kitchen area and the small living room which he could check off the list, then there was the bedroom and the bathroom. Going down the hallway, holding his breath in hopes that he might hear something from Dean and trying not to inhale any of the mouth watering scent at the same time, he continues until he’s standing in front of the closed bedroom door. Where this whole catastrophe began.
Cas is so caught up in Dean, running his hands all over his back and shoulders while pressing kisses anywhere that he can reach, that he doesn’t even attempt to undress himself.
The only saving grace of the night was the moment he got to look at his suppressants before consciously not taking one for the first time since he was fifteen. He had nothing tying him down anymore. Not his damn pills, not his damn body, and not his damn, good for nothing father, he thought bitterly. If only it were that easy. He wished he could feel only anger. But that’s just not how grief worked. It wanted to ravage it’s way through his entire being. Drag him down to a place he was very familiar with.
Chuckling softly, Castiel decides to give him a break and not push it. Last night would not easily be forgotten, but the sounds that spilled from Dean’s mouth…They were burned into his brain. He never wanted to forget them. And he wanted to hear them again. Again and again and again.
Going for his back and underneath his legs this time, since he’s not so sure Dean has any intention of helping him, Cas gets absolutely soaked in the process of picking Dean up. Not that it matters when his sole purpose is to get
“Sorry ‘bout this, Cas,” Dean whispers into Cas’s shirt, fighting to keep his eyes open now, “Won’t happen again.”
Everything tastes wrong though as he forces himself to swallow bite by bite, washing it down with his water every other bite; and he’s starting to think that maybe it isn’t just from missing the pills. Maybe he’s getting sick? He feels a little…off.
“Just me?” Dean asks around a yawn, even just the mention of sleeping has his eyelids feeling droopy and heavy.
“Dean!” the girl is struggling to get free of Cas’s loose hold before she’s throwing her arms a lot less aggressively around Dean. “You look amazeballs! I’m sorry I’m invading your personal bubble, I know you probably don’t remember me, but I’ve heard so much about you that I feel like we’re already best friends.”
“Thanks, man,” he says, accepting the shirt easily and immediately shrugs out of the one he’s wearing. He’s really limited on clothes that fit right now, so he actually doesn’t have anything underneath.
Chaste at first, they keep it simple, basking in the newness between them with closed lips until Cas nips gently at his lower lip. Making a sound he’s never heard before, Dean surges forward, wrapping his arms around Cas’s neck to pull him closer, kiss him deeper. He’s hot all of a sudden, and his body has a mind of it’s fucking own.
“I know,” Cas whispers, brushing their noses together. He leans in to kiss Dean again, nipping at Dean’s lower lip before pulling away all together. “Promise me something.”
It’s fucking snowing outside but they have to blast the air conditioning in order to mask Dean’s scent even a little bit. It’s getting progressively worse the farther and farther they go, more pungent, more depressing.
And Cas does. Standing there in the dark, their dinner and conversation from before forgotten, Cas holds Dean for long minutes, rubbing Dean’s back and stroking a hand through his hair, making sure Dean is actually alright for himself.
weakness, but he could feel tears gathering at the edges of his eyes now, clouding his vision and turning everything around him blurry. He was so tired. So done with all the shit being thrown at him around every corner, he thought as he sat down and wrapped his arms around his knees, trying to keep himself together.
Cas smirks at him knowingly but still bends down and coaxes Dean’s chin up with a single finger to kiss him softly before stepping out of the tub.
“Shhhh, shh, I’m sorry,” Cas soothes, cradling Dean to him as he continues to shift beneath him. “I should’ve warned you. It’s time to get out of the water. If I knot you here, we’ll both regret it,” he explains.
He stared blearily at the pot of joe while it started up, all the while mindlessly stuffing a pop tart into his mouth. Breakfast of champions, and all that shit.
“You’re not old, you’re pregnant. There’s a very big difference, Dean,” Cas sighs in fond exasperation.
Something could be wrong, Dean could be sick again. Or… he’d seen Dean’s face when he’d left. He didn’t want to believe that Dean would hurt himself, but he didn’t know him well enough to rule that out completely. He had to make sure. Even if he was wrong, it would give him peace of mind to check.
“I don’t need to be ‘taken care of,’” he sighs, dropping his hand. But he’s too tired to argue anymore. Too tired to resist the comfort Cas is offering him just by being here. He huffs and rolls his eyes, but Cas understands that that’s him giving him his permission to continue.
“Don’t go gettin’ your panties in a twist,” Benny rolls his eyes, still laughing to himself. “You musta known as soon as you walked in here we would be givin’ you shit.”
“Alright sweetie, all omegas need to provide us with a routine urine sample before the doctor sees you.” She says as she opens a drawer down by her feet and pulls out a small bag with a cup and lid inside, “you need to fill it till it’s past this line right here, seal it, then place it back in the bag. Understand? Okay, the bathroom is behind that door and to your left. My friend Charlie will be waiting when you’re done.”
Dean closes his eyes and groans dramatically. He would choose this very spot to live in for the rest of his life if he could. Moving just required so much
“How the hell is this my liiiiiiife,” he groans in exasperation, bringing the blanket up to cover his face.
On shaking- well everything- he stumbles his way to Cas’s enormous bathtub. Swinging his legs over one at a time, he sits. Pulls his legs up so he can wrap his arms around them and his pup, then lets his head drop on top of them.
But it’s not like this was a common occurrence. He’d just started having his suppressant problem three weeks ago. Before that, he could count the number of days he’d called in sick on one hand. And he’d been working for Bobby for six years. He could usually handle a little pain no problem, but this had been different. His cramps had doubled him over, with the feeling like he’d been hit by a bus. He could barely move, and the thought of food made him nauseous. Basically, he would have been useless at work.
“Not gonna talk to me, huh? Bobby told me you ain’t said a word all day,” Benny smirks over at him in challenge.
put there… It’s real. Don’t know how it happened but…but every time I feel it move or kick or do anything really, I just think,
“Long story-short?” He says, finally standing up to stretch his legs, “We’re either naming our pup Katie or Big Bird. She
But Cas shakes his head, determination setting his jaw. He readjusts, holding himself above Dean’s face, sharing his air between them as he quickens the pace of his hips.
“I agree with Bobby, Dean. You shouldn’t be working in such a dangerous environment while you’re pregnant,” Cas says softly, tilting his head when Dean jerks away from his touch.
“Dean Winchester, you hold it right there,” came the southern drawl Dean used to make fun of so much. It was just too damn easy to mimic. But this was definitely not the time for jokes. Benny usually let him pass with just a distracted hello or the universal nod of manly acknowledgement. They hadn’t really spoken since before everything.
“Now we both need a shower,” Dean says breathily, smiling at the face Cas makes when Dean holds his come encrusted hand up as evidence. He’s smiling because otherwise he’d be fucking grossed out. He was still not over how much came out of that thing.
“It went pretty freak’in well actually. All the guys were cool about it. Even got a group hug,” he snickers.
He honestly had no clue who he was anymore, but he figures now was as good a time as any to figure it out.
ass outside Cas’s door at 2am on the third consecutive night of not sleeping. He was over life, and over not asking for help. Fuck that. He was done.
So far, Dean’s favorite costumes of the night had been a pair of twins both dressed up as different color leggo pieces. One red, one blue, he’d cracked up when the two of them had each grabbed a candy from the bowl before promptly running into each other. Their boxy frames had them both on their backs, flailing, and unable to get up.The adult walking with them had rolled their eyes like this hadn’t been the first time that had happened tonight before helping them both up and ushering them on to the next house.
How was that even fucking possible?! He’d slept with a guy once, and now his body was on auto-pilot, ready and willing to take a cock up his ass, when the ideas had revolted him for fucking years? Was he still dreaming? How could this be fucking happening, he thought as his hips rocked back to take in more of Cas without him thinking about it.
How had no one said anything to him? He saw Bobby and Ash on an almost daily basis as well as customers he’d known from around town for years. Was he invisible? Or just nobody cared?
He’s doing everything he can to prevent his scent from giving him away, his inner turmoil growing with every slow kiss Cas sleepily presses into his skin. It’s actually a relief when Cas whispers one more, “I love you,” before he drifts off to sleep.
They’d pretty much forced Sam and Jess to go back to Cas’s to sleep, Cas insisting that they sleep on a bed rather than a couch, so they had the apartment to themselves.
He’d been unaware that he’d reached up, but apparently his fingers had sought Cas out, because he looks down to see them wrapped tightly in the material of Cas’s shirt. He makes his fingers unclench slowly.
Apparently, before Cas had gotten the shot of the two of them smiling with the tree a few weeks back, he’d captured the moment right before as well. When Cas had crowded close behind him, holding him close and looking into his eyes- pretty much begging for a kiss-when Dean had happily obliged.
A laugh has his head whipping up to watch Cas’s retreating back, and even with his back turned, Dean can easily see the white bundle tucked away safely in his arms.
Feeling the way he’s feeling now makes it hard to believe he couldn’t fall asleep only an hour ago. He’s absolutely beat.
“He’s exhausted,” he whispers. There’s a deep pang in his chest at his own words, Dean’s pain cutting him deeper than the other man realized, making him feel like a disappointment, making him feel helpless. “Physically and emotionally.”
Cas opens the door and walks in about ten steps before his shoulders hunch in and he freezes with his back turned to Dean.
Cas can’t seem to tear himself away from Dean’s neck, smiling and adorning every inch of his skin in kisses, but that doesn’t stop Dean from desperately swiveling his hips, trying to get Cas deeper, wanting to
He’s never said those words out loud, never even really thought them, so he was a little fucking confused as to where that had come from. The heat must’ve gotten to his head or some shit, because that was not even remotely okay.
“That might be so, but believe me when I say that you are incredibly beautiful. My sobriety has nothing to do with that. If you don’t believe me, look around and see all the envious looks I’m receiving right now for even sitting next to you.”
Sighing and rolling onto his back to give Cas more room, he closes his eyes again to let Cas do his thing. Whenever there was an opportunity to interact with the pup, Cas took it. Touching his stomach, kissing, and talking to it. He would normally sit up to watch that dewy eyed expression cross Cas’s face, but that would require too much effort at the moment. And besides, with the way Cas is touching him now- almost like a massage- closing his eyes and letting his mind wonder was all too easy.
“Here we are. I’ll leave you two alone to look through it all. Let me know if you want to try anything on, I’ll be at the register if you need me!”
“Just tell me, dude- I don’t care,” he insists, curious now as he leans against the back of the couch. Cuz’ really, how bad could it be?
He doesn’t need to look to see that Cas is smiling. All the worry, all the stress just melts off of him, quickly replaced by adoration.
“Yeah, sure man, whatever,” he replies, still distracted. But he doesn’t try tearing his eyes away from the little fingers he can barely see sticking up. Or the tiny toes curled down in order to tuck themselves tighter into a little ball.
“Yeah. Pretty safe to say she likes Cas’s voice,” Dean smiles. “Knew that already, but now we have more proof. Say something else, man.”
His stomach sinks, and he closes his eyes. Cas had suggested this before, and so had Anna. He’d fought against her when he’d pulled his back, and look where that got him.
“Yes. I’m pretty sure you’ve lost the ability to ever conceive children. I’m very sorry to tell you this sir, but the suppressants look like they’ve burned through your hormones and important parts of your body?”
He’s kissing Dean’s belly- every inch if Dean had to guess- from top to bottom, rubbing the skin he isn’t touching with his lips.
He gets one more look at the dangerous glint to his eyes before Cas is squatting down in front of him, using the angle to lift Dean by the backs of his thighs, hefting him quickly but gently into the air like it’s nothing.
“What time do you gotta be at work?” Dean mumbles against the soft material, not even sure Cas will be able to understand him.
heard of this guy before, and suddenly you have this random Alpha at your place, defending your honor or something? I thought you swore off being like
? Cuz’ from my experience, it’s exactly the opposite. They’re obviously supposed to make you miserable, that’s why they’re family… My family just excels at it.”
Originally, he’d just pulled Cas in by his damp shirt, forcing him to strip in stilted, hurried movements until Cas was naked against him. Not bothering to undress himself besides sliding down his boxers- too distracted by Cas’s tongue and teeth and lips, he’d dragged Cas’s hips against his own. He was so fucking turned on, so drunk on Cas’s scent and body, the sweat gathering all over him and making his fingers slip when he tried to get Cas to move closer, he’d quickly wrapped his hands around both their dicks and started to stroke them as Cas attacked his lips and neck.
His heart starts to race- the sound of it roaring in his ear, almost loud enough to drown to the sounds of it’s high pitched wailing- and with a shaking hand, he reaches to pull away the blanket to get a glimpse at his baby’s face. It doesn’t move, and right when he starts to panic-
, Cas. You don’t even know me,” he argued, because if anyone owed somebody anything, it was definitely him.
Following the illuminated winding walk way up to the house, he checks his phone again desperately before giving up and knocking. Is he supposed to knock? Is he supposed to just walk in? This whole- being on the opposite end of the door thing was weird as fuck.
Clearing his throat loudly, Dean nods and sits up. Holy shit. He needed to clean up his down town as soon as fucking possible. Either Cas had fucking super control, or the blanket and his sleep pants had been enough to mute it because he was disgustingly wet. More so than usual.
Cas takes them one at a time and wipes over the tiny scratches he must’ve gotten when he fell. When Cas looks down Dean’s body and then into Dean’s eyes, he knows immediately what’s coming next.
“Yeah,” he sighs, shaking his head in disappointment in himself. “Been throwing up a lot. I tried everything. Couldn’t keep much down.”
And Cas was definitely not helping. Ever since they’d broken that barrier of intimacy around ten days ago, there had been no going back. The day after it happened Cas had been cautious around him, probably feeling him out to see if anything had changed after Dean had had the chance to sleep on it. But as soon as Cas sat on the other side of the couch, eyes downcast and wary, he knew he’d have to be the one to let Cas know he was okay. After all, the boundaries were only there in the first place for
