There were cheers, the mood lifting high up above them. Tony righted himself and finished, his voice light. "I've brought some friends along with me," he pointed to the rest of the Avengers. "There's a free photo-op scheduled for 8pm. And I'm sponsoring a fundraiser event for the fall, a completely gluten free carnival. All proceeds to go to the NCA.
After years of feeling like he wasn't good enough, Tony was given the approval from the real Howard, and it worked wonders on his insecurity.
"Hill said she picked up unusual energy charges just south of midtown." Using his other hand, still stinging from the smacks, he pulled Tony's ass open, giving the other Avengers a full view of Tony's hole, red and stretched, full of Steve's fingers. It glistened with lube and spit. "The last time he showed his face, he used an electromagnetic wave to render the vehicles in that area useless."
The movements caused the blankets to fall away from Steve's body, but it didn't register at all. Heat built around them, partly from the fire and partly from the passion. They worshipped one another. Praying at the alters of each other's body, a hymn of sex and adoration and unyielding love. Heaven mixed with the fires of hell, baptised in come and sweat. Anointed with love and desire.
It was so serene. Chilly, but nice, the trees bare and the sun bright. Joggers passed them by, and kids ran around. They were stopped a few times to take a picture or to sign something, but all it did was raise Tony's mood even more. The fans were enthusiastic, thankful, and sweet. They witnessed a proposal and cheered along with the crowd, tossed frisbees back to teenagers, and bought churros, eating them hungrily even though they had just had lunch, and licking the cinnamon from their own fingers afterwards, slowly making their way through the lively paths and passed hibernating trees. They veered left and right, choosing their way without care.
He made quick work of preparing himself, having to squeeze his balls to stop himself from coming too soon, too worked up from all the time he had spent with Steve, too overwhelmed with how much he loved him.
"Oh my God...!" Tony moaned. Steve was about as close to a perfect fit as he could possibly be. No one had ever filled him so wholly ever before. "That feels amazing and you haven't even moved yet!"
Steve's overjoyed to hear that Tony wants to eat, but even more so that he wants to lay on him again. It's a little selfish, but as long as Tony is sleeping, he's not going to argue. Sitting back, he carefully tugs Tony against him, tucking his head under his chin.
"Don't. I know. There's nothing I can do to stop how I feel. You guys are just going to have to deal with me and Tony being kind of a mess right now," he lamented.
They lived rent-free and took care of whatever food they wanted in their personal apartments, but it was Tony who kept the common kitchen stocked with a whole multitude of treats and groceries. He did so much for them and never expected anything in return. Bruce frowned at that. He really should make it a point to show his appreciation more.
Tony gasped as the cool lubricant hit him, pressing his forehead into his folded arms in front of him. He was too pretty like this. Too beautiful for words. All wanton and needy, breathless and desperate, and when Steve straddled his thighs and pushed into him, it was like all the air had been forced from his lungs. He was going to suffocate on Tony, and no other death could ever suffice.
"He hated me." Tony felt Rhodey as he moved closer, bringing Tony to his side and twisting his body to look into his face and block the questioning gazes of the patrons around them. He was warm. Comforting. Always protecting him. Like Maria couldn't. "I didn't do anything wrong." He looked at Rhodey. "I was a child. Right? A kid. Kids are innocent."
Apprehensive, they took their seats. Nat opted to stand. There was too much nervous energy fluttering around in her stomach. She couldn't sit even if she wanted to. "This is Maria Hill," she informed Howard, "She's an agent at SHIELD."
"I can't answer that, doll." He said carefully. "I don't know the answer. I know," he sighed, leaning down to press his forehead against Tony's. "I know that I don't want you to be disappointed when he turns out to be exactly who you think he is. I know I don't want you to get hurt."
Tony Stark is something. But I'm not gonna lie; I'll be bragging to everyone with ears that I taught you how to fire an arrow."
Turning, Steve looked at him with an emotion Tony couldn't decipher. "That's all? You just think the stories are...hot?"
The realization hit on a sunny and brisk day in early March. It was just after lunch, and Tony was on the couch, curled up under a blanket, shivering and miserable. He was just visible through the doorway to the kitchen, and thankfully unable to see the heavy eyes of the others studying him.
Throwing the dirty rag into the sink, Steve removed the kettle from the stove and pulled out three teacups and saucers from the built in hutch in the cabinets. It had entertained him to no end when he first saw it, that Tony would have a proper bone China tea set, particularly in a cute floral pattern, and especially because Tony was all about giant mugs for his coffee. But the set had belonged to his mother, and her mother before that. It contrasted with everything else in the kitchen, but somehow, that worked.
"Good. Get yourself cleaned up and come down for breakfast. You haven't eaten since those cheeseburgers." Coulson releases his shoulders and moves towards the door. "By the way, I'm the one that brought you to your bedroom. And by I, I mean I called Michael, and he carried you."
. He was far too adorable when he wanted to be. No wonder people couldn't help but fall in love with him.
Maria had done what she could, but her hands were tied. There was only so much she could do to protect Tony. It was the same with Jarvis. With Ana. No one could protect him from the angry fists or the poisonous tongue of his father.
"For now." Rhodey said cryptically, finally allowing a grin to tease across his face. He turned to Natasha, "Tony? Where is he?"
He had only glanced up and grinned, "They can't afford me." Finished, they asked another Angel's opinion, which she wholeheartedly and enthusiastically congratulated them on such realistic work.
She turned toward Clint, for once letting every bit of anguish she felt show in her eyes. Fuck her reputation,
"Natasha really likes the whole marking thing, so definitely add that. And Thor and Bruce seem really sweet on all the lovey stuff, but you do that anyway." He turned back to the laptop, no intention of leaving just yet. "You should have Steve put Tony in one of his hoodies, afterwards. Bruce likes that idea. But first, you know, rough fucking."
"I do. I'm sorry about what I eventually do to him, Miss Potts, believe me. I hate myself for it more than any of you could." To hide his embarrassment at the admission (and he wasn't doing a good job given that she noticed), he buried his face behind the menu.
Tony comes to, out of the armor. He doesn't remember hitting the release latch, he doesn't remember stumbling across the field, and he sure as hell doesn’t remember getting hit in the first place. The puddle he passed out in is cold and muddy; he groans and rolls onto his back, the cold seeping through his undersuit like roots coming up through the earth to entrap him. His ribs ache, and his wrist is swollen, the skin starting to darken with a purple blossom. It's a few minutes before he moves again, this time to his knees, the fingers of his left hand curled into the gritty slosh as the pain takes his breath away. His right hand is cradled to his chest, but the solid bumps from the arc reactor aren't helping. He whimpers, the sound coming out involuntarily.
"No, I just like correcting you." She paused, looking away from Tony to give Steve a placating look. "He's read all of those, some a few times, I'm guessing. The journals? Probably things he's already figured out."
"I was getting worried there," Tony laughed, letting his legs fall open. "Everything okay out there?"
The slickness where they were connected eased the way as Tony moved faster until he was all but leaning on Steve's chest, his bottom popping up and down, up and down. His muscles clenched and released, dragging Steve closer and closer until he dug his nails into Tony's arms and came unexpectedly, gasping loudly as he filled Tony.
"Tony! No! That's not it! We do need you!" Tony fought against the hold, but it was nowhere near his usual strength. "Babe, listen to me. You're sick. That's not your fault, but it's the truth. And until we get you better-"
"Maybe around the waist." He tried to look offended by that. He really did. She continued, "He's a genius, why is this so hard?"
Steve blinked furiously, his eyes dotted with white spots, and he squeezed his lids closed. He moved to raise his hand to rub the spots away but found it anchored by Tony's hand gripping his bicep. The gravity of what happened clicked in not a moment later and he shifted quickly, standing and blocking Tony from harm, his instinct clicking in full force.
"Never have enough," he whispered, kissing the skin beneath his cheek. "Forget the bacon and eat me instead."
Howard, well-" he paused, scrunching his face with how badly he was explaining this, "-he didn't have the good in you to offset the bad. We're all capable of doing awful things. Even me," he laughed, a bit of self-recrimination leaking through the sound. "I'm physically considered perfect, I get that. But that never changed who I am inside. I made --
Steve pulled the drain and turned on the shower head, tugging it down by the hose and almost hitting himself in the face; they both laughed at that, tired, but so immeasurably happy. He washed Tony's, then his own hair, and rinsed them both. Tony lay boneless, and Steve stood up when the water had fully emptied and carried some of the towels into the bedroom to lay on the bed, remembering at the last minute that he should probably change the sheets.
His superior chuckled, "I don't envy you the messes Stark creates, just the fact that your best friend is a billionaire genius. Those come in handy."
"-Bisexual. It confused me at first as well. We do not have such titles on Asgard. There, you love who you love. Here it means a preference for the male or female gender. There are many such terms for different attractions or even the lack thereof." Leaning forward, he placed his hands on his lap. "How did you react?"
Tony laughed. It was quiet, and not his usual robust and hearty bark, but it was real. That set Rhodey at ease. "You'll put the kettle on?" He lifted his head from Rhodey's shoulder to stare at him. "What are you? British? Are you Captain United Kingdom now?"
From his dresser, he plucked out a pair of jeans and a shirt, grabbing his underwear from another drawer and gesturing to them, "Mind if I get dressed if we're going to have a conversation?"
The late July evening was hot, the setting sun casting a pinkish hue over the tower as Tony dipped back inside from the terrace to grab the steaks from where they were on the counter to his and Steve's kitchen. Steve tilted his head appreciatively as Tony walked through the door, enjoying the view.
He dropped his hand, tilted his head, and put the sass on full speed. "Natasha…" But again, she just laughed. Fuck, she was seriously infuriating sometimes, even if she was the best friend he had ever had.
. Jesus fuck. He was at least fifty years into the future. Turning, he glanced out the large windows behind the couch. There was a lengthy landing pad, judging from the markings on the paved surface and bizarre shaped plane sitting there, and beyond that, a vast and intimidating skyline. Where the fuck was he?
Lifting his hand, he studied his nails and scrunched his nose. "That's fair." He dropped his arm and put on his best business face. "I promise you that Natasha and I are looking out for Tony and we're only doing what we think is in his best interests."
so he could feel like he was worth something other than good looks, a genius mind, and a hefty bank account.
Their walking ascended slightly and Tony looked up from his watch to find that they were on a bridge. And not just any bridge, but
Tony was alert enough at dinner to help with the dishes, not even complaining as he loaded the dishwasher.
Tony steals a hoodie, there's dinner and TV and a bottle of vino, Natasha has no boundaries, and Tony has an OH SHIT moment.
"And you three!" Steve rounded on them, "You're more interested in gaining fame for your video than helping! You should be disgusted with yourselves! Famous or not, he doesn't deserve to be molested by some filthy sycophant!" With that Steve turned from them and grabbed the safety bar with one hand and put Tony's hand back on his arm with his other, like he belonged there.
He spent the next half hour going through places they could escape to. Vacations to tropical isles that Tony could book on a moment's notice, road trips to cities Steve knew Tony adored, and fancy hotels mere blocks from the tower that would afford Tony at least some semblance of freedom from what had transpired. In the end, he decided to pack them up and run away to Malibu. It was far enough away that Tony could lick his wounds in private and familiar enough that he could feel like he could be himself.
Howard nodded and followed him to the couch, sitting and leaning back into the corner of it. "If I may-" he began, his face open and earnest, "I know my fault in this. I really am so sorry. I had no right-"
The pleasure built, and he had to fight to keep his eyes open as he gasped and moaned, Steve's strong arms holding him steady as he thrust in and out, his mouth slack and his eyes growing darker with need. Tony wanted to memorize it all. He wanted this last time burned into his brain, indelible. Permanent. Like a tattoo in memoriam of what he was about to give up.
Steve shot a glare at Rhodey, but it was weak. With a sigh, he kissed the top of Tony's head, "I'm sorry, love. We shouldn't be talking about you like you're not even here."
"Come on," Steve slung an arm around Tony's waist and let him to the door, "let's shut your belly up."
He felt guilty, sometimes, of falling so quickly in love with Tony. Felt like he was doing a disservice to her. But on her more lucid days she had told him how happy she was that he had found someone. Even if that someone was a man she had watched grow up.
"You. Just you." Swiftly, Tony rolled them over until he was straddling Steve's hips. "Let me take care of you, babe, okay?"
There was also the chance of Pepper, Rhodey, or even Happy seeing him. But that was slim, wasn't it? And it wasn't like they weren't used to his...sexcapades.
Affronted, Hill shoved a large text across the table at him. "In your dreams. You're grounded, by the way," she pointed at him and slid her hand through the air to point at Natasha, "you too."
talking like I'm not there. It's infuriating. But I know he's doing it because he loves me." Tony paused, taking a swig of water. "He's not trying to piss me off; he's trying to protect me."
"I don't know. We're trying to figure it out." Tony answered, rubbing his face. "I'm gonna take a shower, all right?"
Splayed on Steve's lap, with his thighs wrapped around Steve’s waist and his arms braced on the floor, Tony gasped. His back arched as his cock gave another jerk, Steve's fingers pulsing inside him. They'd been playing all night. Edging Tony, bringing him close then backing off. Tony was a beautiful wreck, and Steve loved him that way.
Her smile is sweet and indulgent. "Everything will be explained. You're going to exit through that door. Ignore the signs; they're not for you. What you're looking for is the Office for Inter-Angelical Communications. Joseph knows you're coming."
Nodding, Steve left the room, turning down the corridor and taking the steps to the bottom floor. He heard Tony's voice before he even opened the backdoor. As quietly as possible, he pushed it open.
The smirk Tony received in response did nothing to warn him of what Steve had in mind. "I don't think I will."
"It's not up to you, Howard." Carefully, Clint lined the vegetables up on the island. He walked to the counter and took the cutting board from Natasha's hands. "If we lose that battle, New York is gone. This tower is gone. And that means Tony will probably be gone." Picking a knife from the block by the stove, he turned back to the island and sliced a tomato in half. The red tinted juice flowed freely across the wooden board. "Gone, Howard. Do you understand that? Dead. If you don't listen to us and you go back knowing, then you have sentenced the very son you're trying to protect to death."
"This is important, but-" She glanced at Clint and Hill, "-maybe we should give them a few more minutes. They're more -- I guess -- more solid when they're together. When they're not bickering like an old married couple at least." And they deserved a few moments of peace before the second shoe dropped.
Tony shrugged nonchalantly. "I need him dead. And I need proof. I don't care how, but it needs to be done before Sunday. I got a dinner I have to attend."
"JARVIS?" Voice raspy with sleep and exhaustion, Tony sat up, the blankets pooling around his waist. "Where's Steve?"
Tony quickened his pace, head and body curling forward as he worked his hips, thrusting into Steve's hand, and panting. "Oh, fuck," his rocking became stilted as he neared, then tumbled over the edge, his left hand splayed on Steve's chest, nails digging into the skin as he shook.
He had sat in stunned silence for all of ten seconds until Tony's face went white and he had fled, and Howard had just enough time to stand and twist his fingers into his hair in panic before Natasha had entered carrying a brown bag (that had admittedly smelled delicious) and inundated him with questions about how he came upon the spellbook, where it might be today, did his research say
Tony was quiet, weighing his words. "Then he flips out. But at least we had some sort of control over how he found out. Because he will, Steve. You know it. I know it. Delaying the inevitable is no way to live life day after day." He surged forward, grasping Steve's hands. "Haven't we been through enough? Don't we deserve to take the wheel? If it's an explosion, babe, let it be a controlled one."
"You're only the fourth person I've told. Rhodey, then Pepper. Yinsen. Now you." Around the blanket, his hand moves on its own, a habitual motion cultivated from years of repeating. Open and close. Open and close. His fingers glide along pulled threads; they're a softness he could never find words to describe.
Tony pulled his phone out and refreshed StonyFan1918's page, whooping loudly when he saw a new story, his cock already stirring.
It was apt, Bruce thought, when he compared the flowers to the team. Not that they were delicate by any stretch of the word, but when it came to Hulk, he just didn't know his own strength. The Other Guy was opening up more and more when it came to them, accepting the others like he did Tony. But even Thor wasn't strong enough to withstand a Hulk hug.
Popping open the bottle, he coated his fingers and reached around, lightly teasing his hole, and trying to imagine it was Steve's tongue instead.
, but no bodily damage. Which meant that Bruce was free to collapse with Clint back into the seats, laughing and snorting like children.
"We're not going to chart." Clint was shaking his head. "And anyway, our fans pay a lot of money to get front row at these events, a twenty-five minute set isn't worth it for them to waste hundreds of dollars."
When the doctor entered, Steve tried really hard not to snatch his hand away too quickly. Tony didn't need their relationship coming out on top of everything else.
"So ya understand. He was despicable. Now I done a lot to get where I is, and that's between me and the Lord, but I ain't
"Why didn't you wake me?" He stepped forward, smacking Steve's butt as he passed, and smirking lasciviously, his hand stinging a bit because hey, that's America's Ass for you!
"I've said it before," Bruce said as he raised his glass to toast Tony, "Tony's had a bad influence on you."
Steve sighed, putting a comforting hand on Tony's leg. "Who cares what they think? You'll be better soon enough, and then what will they say?" It hurt to hear Tony say that. He loved attention, lived for it even. Attention gave weight to his causes, made people sit up and listen about new technology, and it made a secretly insecure man feel good about himself. Usually. This was different. This was blatant lies.
"You're in Manhattan." A voice behind him said. Wheeling around, Howard took in the man before him. It was Steve, all right, but his hair was shorter, and he wore denim dungarees and a white short sleeved shirt. Aside from black socks on his feet, he was barefoot.
Deflating, Howard sighed. "Not entirely without reason, I suppose. He has every right to be angry with me."
Approaching quietly, Tony takes in Steve's slumped shoulders and the way he worries at the label on the bottle. "Cap?" he asks softly, his voice gentle enough to not startle the soldier, "You okay?"
It was comical, and more than once Natasha had to corral Clint into facing back towards the front and to
Rhodey gave her a confused look, deepening it when both Clint and Howard groaned. "Right. I'll talk to you later."
"What do you want?" Tony asked, looking up at him, lips swollen with kisses and his long lashes fluttering against his cheeks. He looked so pretty, so alluring, Steve could hardly contain himself.
He needed to feel Steve come, needed to feel the ropes of seed spewing inside him, to feel himself filled up. Steve's hand barely faltered, the precome making the cock slick and wet, and Tony's back arched high off the lounger as he felt himself tumble over the edge, coming and coming, spurts of it almost exploding from his dick and splattering on his chest, his face, all over Steve's hand. He screamed his release, unable to hold back as the waves of pleasure crashed through him.
And she would say she did and somehow the entire train car would burst into an off key rendition of Piano Man because these were Long Islanders and Billy Joel was their God and for a moment, just a moment, she was one of them.
"You gotta let me talk and think for myself, babe." Tony lifted one corner of his lips. It was an act of understanding but not one of relent. "Let me use my big boy words and everything." Both Steve and Bruce chuckled at that. Leave it to Tony to bring the tension down with a bad joke. "Steve, you have to let me decide on my own. You say you don't want to lose me, but if you keep-" He paused, changing direction. "I love you. But sometimes I want to punch you. You gotta let me be me."
"I take happiness in eating! It is an enjoyable activity, and Midgard has so many new foods to offer me. Let us see," he said, opening the refrigerator, "I do think I saw a rather delectable looking...aha! Here it is!" He emerged with a box, chocolate cake Bruce had bought the day before for a treat after he had finished phase one of his new experiment. "Acquire us some plates and utensils, my friend, and I shall get the milk and divvy up some of this sugary confection!"
"Please, spare me what was promising to be an equally lame diatribe commending your so-called awesomeness. Just read it. And when you do, we'll commence book club." With that, she hung up. Tony was left staring at his phone.
Tony's mouth closed around him, wrapping his lips over his teeth, and using his hand as a guide, sucking Steve hard and fast, the soldier gasping and clinging to Tony's hair, his hips stuttering as he fought to keep himself still. "Oh, Tony, oh, God..." He was moaning, head dropped forwards and eyes clenched shut. "Tony, fuck!"
When Howard was settled, Tony stood and moved to the door, beckoning Steve to follow, "Mr. Stark," he spoke quietly to Howard, his voice holding none of the contempt it had prior, "the bathroom is just down the hall. Second door to the right. Help yourself to whatever in the kitchen if you get hungry. We'll see you in the morning."
"He took a little girl from my old neighborhood in Queens, snatched her right up, and sold her to some perv down in Washington. By the time we tracked her down to bring her home, the man she was sold to had raped her to death."
He hopped back into the bed, this time at the top, letting the back of his head rest against his hands, his ankles crossing. "Strip for me, Anthony. Let me see you."
Tony let Howard flee. He understood all too well what guilt felt like. And if the thoughts running through his own brain were anything to go by, his father needed time to decompress and work through it. It was how he processed things himself. Howard needed time, and Tony would give it to him. They really were more alike than Tony had ever allowed himself to think. He would go after him, but first, he wanted information. Something to tell Howard that would hopefully ease his pain. Looking over at Fury, he asked, "So, what now?"
like me got to the top? Yeah, I took out the rat bastards that tried to stop me, that tried to kill me, but my brains," the finger left Steve's chest and he tapped his own head, "that's what really got me here." He finished counting, and shoved the money at Steve. "I own this whole city, but I don't collect on it. You don't shit where ya eat."
"Okay! Bye, Hulk!" He took his mother's hand and Bruce watched them go, a sense of longing welling up inside him. He wanted a family of his own.
"Is it?" Steve countered, his voice hard. Tony's movements froze, he turned, standing up, and somehow looking imposing despite being a hair under 5'8.
"Over-reading what?" But then Steve is kissing him, and Tony is kissing back. And all around them, the snow keeps falling, and in the distance, the sun is rising, casting its glow on a brand new February morning.
"Twenty dogs, twelve New York style, four with brown mustard only, two with brown mustard and red onions, and two with ketchup." She ordered in a perfect local vernacular that had Clint shaking his head.
"I really am sorry," he refused to break eye contact once it was established again, "but if you tell me Tony is going to bleep out of existence, I won't accept it. I will work until my death to keep him here."
Surrounded by something he had a deep passion for, he came alive in ways Tony didn't think possible. The art could fuck it. Tony just wanted to look at Steve.
"Always prepared, huh? Custom charts, lube in the drawer, perfectly timed dinner reservations…" tilting his head, Tony placed a soft kiss right under Steve's jawline. "Eye doctor and a boy scout, how lucky am I?"
He shelved the mug, not wanting to look at a word that held so much meaning without anything to back it up, and plucked another blindly. It was a Thor cup, the handle being an upside-down hammer. And really,
Closing his eyes, Steve lets his hands drop. When he envisions being that age - and really being that age, not just frozen for another seventy years - the only person Steve can see next him is Tony. He sees them by that fireplace, walking through Central Park, and growing old - and in Tony's case, feistier - together.
Tony enunciates as he paws through the refrigerator for a carrot, "are going to make the boss of all snowmen. Ever. As soon as I can find a carrot."
"Right under everyone's noses," Hill responded with a shrug. "In my experience, that tends to be the case all too often."
"I did," Steve responds, rubbing his hands along the side of a building to knock the snow that had gathered there loose, "I paid for the funeral."
started to guide Bruce back to the hallway. Bruce knew Steve usually didn't like to react with violence unless he absolutely
The softness of his mattress and the coziness of his duvet is foreign after three months of sleeping on a cot with threadbare blankets. He has to swallow down the panic that usually manifested itself whenever he woke up in the cave because he's not in the cave. Not anymore. He's safe; they can't hurt him again—
They slowed to a normal pace about a block later, Tony out of breath and Steve laughing so hard he was bent in half.
"Hey, hey, babe…" Steve put the tray on the coffee table and knelt in front of Tony. He was worrying at his cuticles again, and Steve took one of his hands into his own, stopping it.
"Not at all," Rhodey sighed, thinking back to the young Tony he once knew. His insecurities had only been masked over time, but they never went away.
Steve kept the angle consistent, ramming into Tony's prostate, the smaller man's body nearly folded in half. "God, look at you," he moaned, leaning back to watch as Tony came undone, "you really are going to come on my cock, aren't you?"
"It's okay," Steve gently consoled, shifting to sit on the stool next to Tony, "that's why we're here." Regardless of ulterior motives, of course.
"They've cornered the Manhattan market. And they'll have the best of what we're looking for." Bruce answered as they entered, grabbing a cart.
Clint was seated at the island in the kitchen, pushing around a stray piece of cheese left on the table from their meal. "You
"I'll show you tonight." Standing, he helped Tony up and guided him back to the chair. "But first, we seem to have made a mess. I don't usually clean myself before I take care of my partner, but if I'm going to get what we need from the bathroom, I think it's necessary. We don't know if anyone is still in the office."
It was years of erosion done in just a few hours. Damage that may not have been seen exasperated and brought to light by a single impetus. He was Fire Island after Hurricane Sandy had hit.
The headboard was banging slightly against the wall with his movements, his hand shoving the dildo into himself again and again, his hips undulating as he searched for the head to pulse against his prostate. The pleasure was climbing, his balls tightening, his mouth open, and his eyes uncontrollable as he tried to read between them slipping closed with the feeling of fucking himself.
Tony was getting tired of chicken soup. It was one of the only things he could keep down. Clint made a big pot every other day, becoming such a pro at the recipe that he could now do it in his sleep.
"And?" Thor said, standing to discard his empty snack into the garbage. "Is that not the great thing about being alive? We have the ability to correct our mistakes, to make better on our promises to those we care for." He turned to face Tony, putting his hands on either of his shoulders. "You are a good man. You always have been. Otherwise, why would you have instilled such loyalty from Miss Potts, from Colonel Rhodes? Even before your entrapment in Afghanistan, they loved you because they saw the kindhearted man you are, even if you tried to hide it."
Another interlude showing the thoughts of the rest of the team, there's one more after this and then the next chapter. IF you are enjoying the interludes, I may write another in between Chapter 7 and 8 (which is the last chapter.). If you guys want another, tell me in the comments what you would like to see!
Tony didn't freeze. Ever. He always acted, was always able to figure out how to make his muscles move even if it was to buy him time before he could talk his way out of whatever hot water he had gotten himself into. He prided himself on his ability to think quickly. It was partially because he
"Don't fucking try to make me like you," Tony whispered, a hard edge to his voice, even though he never lifted his eyes from the floor, "I can't- It's not fair." Each word was punctuated with frustration, turning into a snarl by the end of it.
It was done. Life would move on in linear time until Steve held the pin in his own hands once again. Then the rubberband of the universe would snap back and overlay it all. He would be pulled from this exact moment, changing the course of his life most likely, and charged forward, creating two parallel lines, one that did exist, and one that would.
He was so close, his stomach tensed, and his breath labored as he felt himself at the brink. The feeling of the dildo fucking him, the visual of Steve eating his own come from his hole, fuck. It was too much.
Steve gestured to the other side of the writing; these photos were different. They weren't just post battle, they were post everything. The next day, the weeks to come, Avengers not in their uniforms, walking in and out of Stark Tower, getting into cars, Bruce having lunch with Tony, Natasha buying a coffee with Clint, Thor laughing in Times Square, and Steve on one of his runs.
Smiling softly - if a little embarrassed - he said, "Get the hot sauce out for me, I'll be right back." And he left, headed down the hallway and into the kitchen, where he found Howard still at the island, flipping through a magazine, as alone as he was when Tony left him.
And the problems it caused for Tony's existence… she didn't know if any amount of safety wrapping could protect him.
"Tony?" he asked, his voice quivering like the leaves on a branch during a storm. "What are you saying?"
Things get a little tenser, but also a little better. As usual, nothing makes much sense when it concerns the Avengers, particularly Steve and Tony.
"I like him." Retrieving the tennis ball, Howard waved it in front of Dum-E. "Wanna go again, little 'bot?"
"You got a dirty mind, Anthony." But he tilted his head to kiss down Tony's neck anyway, and Tony sighed happily. This was his favorite form of comfort; it was an intimacy he understood. "Or," Steve continued, pulling back to graze over Tony's lips, "we can eat some Dirty Water Dogs and stop hiding."
Tony twirled, completing his little off beat dance. "I'm an eccentric bisexual genius. Theatrics and musicals do it for me."
Together, they finished the refrain, "We hear he is a whiz of a wiz, if ever a wiz there was!" People around them were smiling, watching the two Avengers childishly dance down the sidewalk, "If ever, oh ever a wiz there was, the wizard of oz is one because, because, because, because, because,
"Agreed," Steve said, giving up on the box and sliding it behind the trash can. "I'll let him know what we're doing."
One morning he woke up and realized he didn't hate Tony. He appreciated him. Respected him, his genius, his willingness to sacrifice. He found himself seeking out the other's company, enjoying time spent with him. He learned about him. Not just his intelligence, or his heroism, but about
Able to step out of the suit with no problem, Rhodey looked impressed. "You were right," he relented, looking back as the armor closed up, "that is easier. Oh, I should tell you this place only takes cash."
"I think we're all seeing that except for Steve." She sighed, and the sounds rushed through the phone. Pinching the bridge of her nose, she admitted softly, "I was too hasty to judge him, right?"
"You're incredible." He pulled Tony's head to his chest, wrapping his arms around him. They stood that way for several moments, until the elevator dinged. Steve didn't let him go, just guided Tony into the penthouse living room so they wouldn't get shut in the elevator again.
Howard didn't know a lot about this time, but he knew one thing. He knew it was high time Tony had a father. He wasn't seeking forgiveness; he didn't deserve that. But maybe,
Clint stepped away from the brunette after their selfie was completed and moved next to the blonde, "Tones and I are out to get lunch."
He had some semblance of a family, a man he loved and wanted to grow old with, and a cause. Iron Man made his life far more dangerous, but it also gave Tony the stability he needed. It gave Tony somewhere to hang his hat. A home and not just a building.
Tony conceded. There was nothing wrong with one more time, one final goodbye. "Yeah, that sounds good."
"Probably finish that movie with Steve," he said, catching Steve's eyes and smiling, "then go to bed. I have actual work to do in the morning. This thing," he wiggled the tablet, "is supposed to have a new model coming out in a few months, and I need to finish the upgrades to the OS, er, operating system."
Shaking her head, Natasha pushed up from the couch and took the book from his hands. "It would take an army to move Steve from Tony's side. Even then only long enough to kill them all for daring to try and separate them in the first place."
"We'll see, I'll have Steve let me know if you're being good," she cheeked, "otherwise, you're on your own."
This time, Tony didn't drape himself out on the lounger. Instead, he walked to a safe and bent down to open it.
"Tony!" Steve didn't know what to do. He couldn't be angry at Tony for feeling the way he was, but on the other hand, he was never going to get Howard to bed if Tony didn't stop yelling.
"There's actually an island in the Pacific that's angels only. Lovely resort with the best LauLau I've ever had."
"Whole wheat toast with jam and milk." Natasha said, placing the plate on the coffee table in front of Tony. "Let's go back to the basics."
"Let me see." Steve had a one-track mind. He pushed at the underside of Tony's knees just a little, nudging him in the right direction. Who was Tony to say no? He brought them up, opening his ass up, exposing his hole.
"I think I can make my own bone broth," Clint was saying as he and Natasha walked around Whole Foods. "I've looked it up, takes a while, but it's totally doable."
"Do you want to order in from the diner?" Lifting Tony's legs, Steve sits and places them in his lap. He doesn't miss the confused looks Tony is sending him.
Swallowing, Howard tried to neutralize his expression. It was a weak point of his, the ever so helpful internet calling it
Tony smiled brightly up at Steve, feeling his heart swell with the depth of his love for him. He was honestly the luckiest son of a bitch there was. Although, son of a bitch wasn't exactly true anymore, was it? For once, true contentment settled over him.
Shadows shifting from down the hallway caught Howard's eyes, and he watched as Steve's broad form stalked out of Tony's room. It struck a fear into him that seized his muscles.
Joseph's face breaks out into a smile. "We're working on it. This version was supposed to be cool and hip to reach the newer generations."
Meeting Natasha is a quieter affair. Coulson had explained to him about her background, the roughness of her childhood, her time in the Red Room, and her path to redemption. He whispers to Tony, prior to Natasha entering the conference room he's meeting her in, that, "At times I wondered why they had me watching her. But I trusted the plan, and I'm glad I did. She wants to do better and be better. She's a good person now. I think you'll like her."
Tony nodded, turned away, and headed into the kitchen to pluck an ice pack from the freezer. "I know it's a little late for ice, but," he sat right next to Howard, close enough so he could reach out and press the ice against his cheek, "it may still help the swelling. At least numb the pain a bit." With his other hand, he tilted Howard's chin so the ice could lay better. "I'm sorry Steve hit you."
"I don't care about any of that at this moment. I just-" One of the tears gathering in Tony's eyes slipped down his cheek, and Steve brushed it away. "I just want you. Right now. I need you."
A bit shell-shocked, Tony looked up at him with wide eyes, his fingers tight around Steve's bicep, like he was afraid he'd fall over. "My hero."
They giggled at the nickname, the friendship between their 'boys' being what they loved the most, other than five good looking men with voices to melt ice. "How's the new album coming?"
"That's War Machine," Clint explained, as Rhodey stepped onto the pad and the suit began to disassemble, "it's a combat suit, like a very powerful exoskeleton." Howard was listening, but his gaze was again locked onto Rhodey. "The one in the picture, the-" he turned to Nat, and she nodded, "the world knows him as Iron Man."
Clint was unamused. "Rule number sixty-nine, don't talk about Cap's sex life, got it." Nat smacked his arm, and he grinned sheepishly. She was right to stop him, although maybe not so violently. He was so used to cracking jokes about Steve and Tony that it had come out without him even thinking about it. They were the couple that gave him hope for love, of course, but that didn't mean he couldn't poke fun at the low hanging fruit.
"How do we go along with what Natasha has planned and not alienate our core fanbase?" Steve mused, looking back at Thor and then to Bruce, "And we tried the Top 40 sound with
Bruce gave a soft laugh. "I don't suppose you slept last night?" He watched as Steve pulled the toy out, letting it vibrate along Tony's rim.
Tony is watching with unhidden glee. If he's hearing this right, he'll go right back to his old life, just better and more focused.
He's blushing outright now, and Tony has to swallow before he is able to talk. "I could say the same. For once in my life, I am fully, completely, wonderfully content." Each day with this family, with Steve by his side, he feels the pieces of his battered soul bond back together. Somehow, he knows, everything is finally as it should be.
To make his decision, Tony started to read. Just the beginning, he thought, just to see how badly he wanted to finish and if it was worth waiting until he got to his own bed.
Quirking an eyebrow, Pepper took a sip, finally seating herself in the stool next to the one Howard had been on. "You absolutely should be. Tony is my best friend, Mister Stark. I've seen what your brand of parenting did to him."
So, with the steam rising from the Iron Man mug he totally didn't buy himself (wasn't Amazon grand?), Steve Rogers opened a brand new Word document and placed his hands on the keyboard.
Tony had never heard her speak so much in one go, and it momentarily shocked him quiet. He blinked, slowly gathering his thoughts. There had to be some way to salvage this situation. "Tashy," he said, the moniker was his alone, no one else could call her that, and she more than tolerated it from him. She actually loved it; it was endearing. "I was raised in a different world than any of you. There are things that were expected of me. Being a genius only added more, but I was born looking like this," he gestured to his face, "and into a wealthy, famous, and high societal family. People like thinking they can touch the good looking rich man." At her murderous look, he hurried on, "it was always a bargaining chip, you know? It made them feel special to take my hand or put their arm around me. It's not like I okayed anyone to, you know, take me. I wouldn't allow that happen! You know how I feel about that. Don't you remember? A few months ago, that guy was all over that girl and she was visibly upset?"
But Tony wasn't listening, he was out of the chair in a heartbeat, blankets forgotten on the ground, and twisting Steve's arm to see. "How did this happen?" he snapped.
Pulling out quickly, Steve shoved three fingers into him just as fast, rocking them against his prostate. "Then that's how you're going to come, Mr. Stark. On my dick."
"Water, if you have it. Please," he added as an afterthought. No need to be rude. He caught the bottle as Bruce tossed it, chugging it halfway down in one go.
"My mentor," Coulson starts with a nostalgic smile, "is an angel by the name of Richard. He's currently retired and runs karaoke on the angels' island, Guada. It's about sixty miles from the Bahamas."
"You are correct to be afraid," Thor said, a small and self-satisfied smile playing at his lips, "but if I were to use Mjolnir to its full capacity, I would most likely - as Tony likes to say - fry his beautiful building's central circuits. You are safe. For now." He left the threat hanging. It was good to keep Howard afraid, even if just a small amount.
"What?" The spoon dropped to Tony's plate. Rhodey picked it up and pointedly put it back in Tony's hand.
He tries to stand, lifting from one knee, but as soon as he touches his left foot to the ground, sparks of white hot pain shoot up through his foot and ankle into his leg. The sound that leaves his mouth is something he'll take to the grave.
Tony huffed, grabbing the napkin holder and sticking his tongue out like a child, "Fine, no blow jobs for a month, then!"
"Tony!" Steve chuckled, rubbing a hand down his face, far too entertained. "If you want to eat sometime this year, go!"
He took the elevator, using his last few seconds to try and calm his nerves. When he entered the living room, the rest of the team was there, and if they had popcorn and the television wasn't on, he didn't judge, just made an inquiring gesture, to which Natasha answered.
Tony was frozen solid. He had been unconscious, had never seen the reactions from the others. Something broke inside him, a piece of his anxiety. It was good. It filled him with a warmness he had never felt before.
But like anything clandestine, it had to come to an end and he stood, helping Tony to his feet and wiping him with his own ruined waistcoat. Tony laughed, a pure sound, and kissed him again.
Except for that morning, where Tony did the talking (read: yelling), and Steve stuck his proverbial tail in between his legs. It was a pity that the monsters were on a break. They really
"Hey!" He fought back, just as loudly, "What the fuck, Rogers? Do you know the trouble I went through to get here? I needed to know you were all right! And look at that! You are!
Steve froze, unsure of what to do. He was afraid of getting his hopes up, too sure that Tony would just want things amicable between them, too used to the bottom dropping out to dare even dream about having Tony back.
Tony gave a quiet chuckle, "Touché. Hey," he started, letting his elbow rest on the table and pointing to Clint, "You think that Natasha chick knows what she's doing?"
. "Tony," he said a little too shortly and had to adjust his tone. "Come on. I want to finish that movie." Howard had enough time with Tony. More than he deserved. His platitudes were just that. Platitudes. Nothing he could say could ever erase what he had done, of that, Steve was convinced.
"Why?" He was a little ashamed to admit it, but Tony's voice came out shy and childlike. He felt bare naked and torn open. Exposed and stripped. Like the last of his defences had given up and thrown in the towel.
"How dare you. Rory belongs with Logan!" Pulling back, Tony curled his upper lip in mock disgust at being so easily called out. "Fine. But I'm allowed to sing along to the theme song or so help me…"
"He's inpatient. Easy to anger. Irritable. Mean." Fury looked tired and old. "The you that was left behind is merely a shadow of you. He has none of the jovial, excited, pain the ass-ness we see here."
Pulling off Tony's opening, Steve moved up and, in one fluid motion, took Tony's entire length into his mouth. He had learned many things while in college, and deep throating was one of them. Tony's body folded in, his legs slipping off the arms of the chair and falling to Steve's shoulders, as his body curved around Steve.
"No," Bruce poked him, causing Tony to bend over a bit and suppress a giggle, almost dropping the bowl, "still rock solid there, GQ!"
Slowly, like a bird using her wing to shield her offspring from the rain, Rhodey drew Tony in. "You're a survivor. You always have been."
"Children!" Natasha yelled out, arms up like she was a lion tamer and not the only mature one of the Avengers. "I will turn this tower around, or so help me!" Or maybe they were a bad influence on her.
"That's not true." But she said it without much conviction. She was well aware of how fickle the media was. Iron Man they loved. Tony? Not so much. It angered her to no end. But then again, she was no stranger to the ebb and flow of society's emotions regarding those they considered celebrities.
"No preference," she responded, shooting him an exasperated look and grabbing his discarded coat, "how hard is it to hang this up?"
Stepping up to him, Coulson puts both hands on Tony's shoulders, commanding his attention. He looks directly into Tony's eyes, his expression wise. "We never do. There is not a single soul that knows whether or not they can do something. But they try anyway. Because it's better to attempt and fail than to live in fear of failure—you
"That's...not reassuring." Tony knows how Clint's going to take that statement. He's going to laugh, thinking he's told Tony he's got quite the job in front of him, but the truth? Coulson and, by extension, Tony are in charge of keeping two of the agents here safe; a lack of proper brains working on their weapons and the safety of their uniforms is disconcerting at best.
On the cover is a group of four angels. They're laughing, two with their arms around each other, their wings in various stages of open. It looks like the front of a college brochure. In bold letters at the top, it reads—
Tony tugged the waistband down and was rewarded with the first sight of Steve's cock. Eight inches, at least, and a girth that absolutely looked the perfect size to fill Tony up, but not make him uncomfortable. "Speaking of beautiful," he purred, darting his tongue out to taste the precome that danced on the tip. Steve groaned, low in his throat.
"Well," she turned to appraise him, "We should probably stay away from anything that will make you vomit. I'm not in the mood to clean it up, and if you're anything like Clint, that's a definite." Over her shoulder, she gestured to the living room where the other man from the night before was still asleep on the couch.
for this! He couldn't have come back to when I didn't know Steve? Then, hey! Happy endings all around!"
"His feet just go flying over his head as he sailed over the kitchen island. It was beautiful. Majestic as fuck." Clint laughed, miming the fall with his hands. "Then
Tony traded glances with Steve, biting his lip before answering. "Jarvis is dead. Unfortunately. What we are talking to is an A.I. - Artificial Intelligence."
He's unsure of how to respond, not without sounding like an idiot. "Anytime, Cap," he tries, his voice sounding a bit squeaky for his liking.
He got off the scale to Natasha's beaming face. The smile so wide and so foreign on her, it sent pure joy through him.
Mouth opened slightly with the pleasure, Tony moaned, "l love you too, oh," he let out a puff of air, "oh, that feels so good…"
"I'm not your assistant anymore, but I think I can make you some for old times sake. Don't get used to it," he could almost hear her eyes rolling. "I'll be back in a few days; I'll be over as soon as I can get away, promise."
"-Oh, no you don't!" He shut up. "That's not an unconventional idea, Tony. I know your unconventional idiosyncrasies: keeping yourself awake until you finish a project, punishing yourself by taking on more than one person can handle, basically starving yourself into some sort of manic ideology that you think better on an empty stomach; they're all stupid. But I can live with them because we can force feed you, or drag your dumb ass to your bed. They can be corrected when need be. You're a genius, your brain works differently than the rest of us normal people; I can live with that. WE can live with that because we also know we're there to help when it's necessary. But thinking you don't deserve common decency? Hell fucking no. That's where I draw the damn line."
"Pants...what?" Looking down, Tony was still wearing Steve's (uhh, his own) hoodie and just his briefs from the day before. How did that... "Natasha. Uhm. I don't know how to ask this but..."
Tony's hand dropped to his lap, flattening and palming his dick, which had sprung to life like an alarm clock in the morning. "Have I mentioned I hate you?" Tony moaned, unable to help himself.
Swallowing the last of the scotch in the mug, Steve sets it down and walks to greet whoever it is. Pepper gives good hugs too, and she can cry with him.
Howard was nonplussed. He dropped his hand to his side and rocked back on his heels. "I gotta tell ya, this century, damn, it's fascinating! You can just fly anywhere in that thing? Where does it go when that thing-" he gestured to the landing pad, "-takes it off you? Do you put it back on the same way? How does it work? What powers it? What-"
Tony awoke, warm and comfortable. The sun was low and cast long shadows along the living room, and he was snuggled into the couch, wrapped in one of Steve's hoodies. It smelled like him. Like cologne and Steve's soap; it was wonderful. He had the hood up, the edge dipping over his face, and his hands were tucked into the front pocket. It was cozy. And he was alone and free to breathe in Steve's scent.
There were fewer than outside the tower but still an annoyance. He made his way just as stoically as he did before, keeping his head up and ignoring the questions fired at him. Sometimes, being famous really was a bitch.
Tony gave a one shouldered shrug, "And I'm okay with that. I didn't exactly picture myself as an adult and having to make total lifestyle changes. It wasn't like I just woke up one day and went, hey! This seems like a fun endeavor!" There was more laughter as the guests all looked on understanding. "I don't even know what triggered it," Tony said, his eyebrows raised in mirth and his head shaking in confusion. "But here I stand before you," he held his arms out, so reminiscent of the Jericho demonstration he faltered, for just a second, before carrying on, "as one of you. And I mean to help in any way I can. If you'll have me, that is."
The responding boom echoed through the air and was sure, Tony knew, to give the FBI and Fury an exercise in patience in the days to come.
. But what Tony had said hadn't yet sunk in. Howard was far too unnerved by the defensive movements his son was making. "I'm bisexual. Do you know what that means?" Another step backwards. Tony's eyes darted around, unable to look his father head on, the courage dulled at the edges.
"I got it-Ack!" Tony could be so graceful. It was natural, and Steve envied it. The way he flew in the suit, how he walked without it, he was like a sleek cat. And sometimes, like any cat owner could tell you, he was a mess. His legs flopped over, and he rolled off the couch, landing flat on his side at Steve's feet in an undignified heap. He looked up sheepishly. "10/10 would fall again."
"Just speaking his language," he cheeked over his shoulder as he turned to the kitchen, "I'll get the menus." Howard sat again, his arms crossed petulantly.
"Actually," Coulson says in that soft way of his that is somehow as comforting as it is at demanding respect, "I think Tony might be an asset there as well. His father
"Breakfast," Tony quietly offered, "Bruce's pancakes. They're really good. Uhm, there's syrup in," he turned and pointed, "that cupboard. I'll get you a fork."
He couldn't help it. Steve let out a laugh. "Tony, oh, sweetheart. Firstly, you're not a stranger. Secondly, you got that poem completely wrong." But he stepped into Tony's space, hands coming up to frame Tony's face.
Natasha paused at the door to her room that led to the hallway. It was open just enough to hear the raised voices in the living room. Across the hall, she could see Clint staring back at her with wide eyes, his own door open just a crack as well. She waved her hand, motioning for him to come into her quarters. He peeked his head out, checking to see if the coast was clear, and skirted across the floor and into her room, shutting the door soundlessly behind him.
When the others left, he made his way to Tony's side, lightly rubbing his arm to get his attention. "Hey, angel." Tony's eyes blinked as he looked up at him. "Come on, you should be in bed."
"I'm a little put off that you're giving me masturbatory advice, but yeah, you're right. Now shut up." Tony groaned while snapping the bottle open again.
battles for me." He ripped his pants up off the dresser with an angry flourish and slipped them on, not even bothering with his underwear.
Bruce covered Clint's mouth. "We won't, Steve. But you know as well as I do that Tony needed this. Hell,
"It's not." Sobering a little, Tony turned to look at each of them, then finally at Steve. "Thank you, guys, seriously. You probably saved my life."
That has Tony snorting so loudly that he started coughing, giggling, and sucking in whatever breath he could in between. "I finally know who I got this lactose intolerance from, huh?"
Outside, a child jumped into a puddle, splashing his father, who laughed and picked him up, swinging him around before tucking him under his arm and running to the protection of an awning. Had Tony tried the same, it would have been the belt.
"It was worth it!" Howard screamed. "I've spent the last sixteen years searching for you! I needed to know!" He deflated, just a bit. "Maybe it is selfish, but someone I admired and considered a friend went down in a damn plane
Sitting back, Rhodey twisted his body to hook his hands into the handles of the tray and brought it around, settling it on Tony's lap. "I'm only asking that you eat -- let's say -- 50 percent off this tray, cookies included." He picked up one half of the sandwich, holding it out to Tony, "Cream cheese and jelly. Your favorite abomination that I think only Italian Americans eat. You heathens."
. The Other Guy liked flowers. He liked how pretty they were and how they smelled, but he tended to crush them accidentally when he attempted to hold them.
"Hey!" Clint raised his voice, pointing at Howard, "Assholes don't speak unless they're farting." Howard was shocked silent.
Taking her hand and letting her pull him up, he bent down to retrieve her coffee and handed it back to her. "Me too. Anything you want in particular?"
"Piece of rebar," Steve answered, knowing he was on shaky ground. "It fell, but I got out of the way."
Natasha raised an eyebrow. "Hate to see him leave, but love to watch him go." She turned to Steve. "Wouldn't you agree?"
he said softly. The paramedic was watching them weirdly, his eyes wide and confused. Tony, with his arm still wrapped around his midsection, put his hand on the paramedic's shoulder and steered him toward the ambulance.
"The issue is that I've run the simulations, where he is might be deep. Really deep, and getting funding to explore could take years—"
"Fuck! Baby, I'm not...shit!" Steve loved when he could make Tony tongue tied. "I don't want to come yet, Steve! Fuck! Oh god!" Reluctantly, Steve pulled back, preening with how much of a mess Tony already was. "Fucking hell, Steve," Tony let his head drop back to the mattress. "You are seriously the only man who can make me come just from eating me out." He lifted his hand and bopped Steve lightly on top of his head. "Not yet! I have plans for you!"
Bruce takes the phone from Steve's hands, hitting the end button and placing it on the coffee table. "We need to call Pepper."
"I got this," he smirked, pulling from Tony's grasp and standing. To music only he heard, he swayed. Pulling his shirt over his head and dipping his fingers, teasingly, at the waistband of his jeans. He was putting a show on for Tony. The button popped open, and he was halfway into lowering the zipper when Tony sat up to reach for him. "Too slow!" He whined impatiently, grabbing at the zipper.
Tony turned his head to kiss Steve's wrist, such a sweet, saccharine action from a man known to take what he wanted without warning. "Yes."
"At the end of the hallway, take a left and follow that down. It's going to be the last door on the right." Standing, she rounds the desk to help him up, ushering him toward the door. "Don't look so worried! This is a huge honor!"
It was wonderful, but at what cost? And could he really compare Steve's life and seeing him to destroying Tony's? Was that fair to even do? Whether or not he cast the spell, Steve was going to be found. He would be no help in that, and he was taking Steve from his love.
When he's sure Clint isn't looking, Steve indulges himself. He kisses at Tony's hairline and breathes in his scent.  Halfway through his nap, Tony stirs, and Steve rubs his head, letting his fingers sluice through the curls - curls! Tony's hair, unstyled, is curly! - and the genius mews softly, falling right back to sleep.
"Uh huh." Tony's boxers fell to a puddle at his feet and he stepped out of them and keeled onto the bed, teasingly taking his time. "So lame. But I love you for it."
After all the time waiting, it was down to seven minutes. Just seven measly minutes until Tony could ask, face to face, if Steve really wanted him too. Now was not the time to freak out. But he was, just a little. Just a smidge. A nano freak-out.
Steve's phone went to voicemail, and Tony hung up without leaving a message. It seemed so much more important to talk to Steve then to leave a voicemail. But he texted him.
And Steve jumped so high, he was briefly concerned the whole super soldier thing was a ruse. "Tony!" He moved to slam his laptop shut, but Tony stopped him, gently putting his hands on Steve's and slipping the device from him.
"Thor would like you to know that you would love pineapple on pizza if you just tried it, and he and Howard are on their way to you."
Nope. Not going there. It didn't matter what era someone was from, what was wrong then was wrong in this century, and what's wrong was thinking that happiness and true love had to be with someone of the opposite gender. That was, in Bruce's humble opinion, just stupid and honestly cut down on people’s choices.
He stood, stretching and cracking his back with a well timed twist of his waist. "I'll cook. You wanna call Bruce? See if he can talk to Thor and get the 411?"
Steve loved that. He loved that he could just kiss Tony senseless, no sex needed, and lose time. To the point where Tony was panting and moaning, a puddle of aroused mush underneath Steve. It was invigorating that
She snorted, attempting to cool her features into her usual glower, and failed. "They did bring all the boys to the yard, you know."
And Tony almost sobbed in relief. "Yes! Yes, you can kiss me! Jesus, Steve. I love you too." And he was laughing, and so was Steve. It was such an exhilarating feeling, so freeing. Like the first step outside after a long winter and it was finally warmer.
"Blasphemy," Tony mutters but lets it slide after that because, honestly, there was no talking to someone who liked parsnips more than carrots, and he makes a sweeping gesture with his arms to the elevator. "Age before beauty!" There's a flash of something in Steve's eyes, so quick that Tony doesn't have the time to recognize it before it's gone and replaced with one of those shy smiles that Tony has grown to love so much.
to Tony to upset him, but she always found out. She was a lioness protecting her cub - even if Tony vehemently denied being her cub.
"What-?" Howard began, but his voice caught. Nat had never heard him sound like that. With a despairing moan, his head snapped over to Tony. "I didn't- Oh fuck."
, his quirks and personality - though he would never say that to Tony's face - but yes, he was indeed a real adult. A superhero. A visionary futurist. And 100% out of his mind. Which was one of the many reasons he had fallen in love with him to begin with.
"Easy to please, I see." Steve smirked. At the windowsill, he pulled two sprigs of rosemary from a planter. "I'll keep it fancy anyway."
He flinches, and she sits back with a knowing grimace. Looking away, he explains, "Petra. She used to call me that."
Tony gasped, his eyes closing as the sensation grew. "Steve…" he groaned, head falling forward. "Oh fuck."
Head shaking back and forth and a warning glint in her eyes, she went to hit him again but he scooted back, "No! You get back here! You deserve this and you know it!"
Crossing his arms at the bottom of his own shirt and pulling it off on one fluid motion, Tony laughed, his discarded shirt joining Steve's on the other side of the bed. Steve immediately bent down to kiss the center of the arc reactor. He couldn't help it. It was still the most beautiful thing he'd ever seen next to Tony himself. He missed that blue light. Tony's hands sluiced through Steve's hair as he sat up, his eyes reflecting that light. "You. I'm calling you old, my grumpy old man." He deflated slightly, shoulders slumping as he let his forehead rest against Steve's, arms coming up to frame the back of Steve's head. "I missed this. Teasing you. Kissing you.
"Not for you it ain't," chastised Steve, hooking his hand under Howard's elbow and steadying him. "There's a guest room, right off the kitchen. You can stay there."
They were quiet, contemplating, trading looks and silent conversations only understood through twenty-five years of working together and being each other's pillars and family.
"No!" He wrenches away from the physicist, standing and viciously wiping tears. "No! Not until we know for sure!"
"Not at all, but I don't have much of a choice." His body was tense, Tony knew he almost had him. "Aren't you at the least bit concerned that Howard's almost caught us?"
Looking away and sliding his jaw back and forth, Steve nodded, conceding. "Okay. Do you want me to go with you?"
"I'd say pity, but I need you. As much as I hate to admit it, without you there's no Tony." He sat languidly on the couch, throwing a leg up on the cushions, trying to exude false bravado. Though he wanted nothing more than to hit Howard again, he was acutely aware that regardless of how angry he felt, there was still a small light inside of him that kept the love he once had for Howard Stark warm.
That broke the tension, and Howard laughed. "Thanks, but I think I'll pass. I'd like to stay here. Besides, you should see what too much dairy does to my ass."
"Who says we would lock him away?" At their incredulous looks, she wilted. "Right, so maybe SHIELD would have. Wouldn't have been my first choice."
"I'd like to make a toast to the New Year. To friends, to found family, and to new love." There's a murmur through the group, and they stare openly at Tony then at Steve. "We figured you all knew. So, might as well make it official." If at all possible, he's grinning even wider, and Tony feels the ghost of a blush crawl up his neck. Standing, he takes Steve's hand.
Thor was cutting through the cake, placing a heaping slice on one of the dainty dishes, and a more normal serving on the other. Tony sat next to Thor's vacated seat, picking up a fork and taking a bite. "God, that's good," he said as he chewed.
But was it enough to entice Steve? That was most likely a no. The soldier was almost stereotypically heterosexual.
"Wrong answer. Do only what he wants," she snapped. "All of you need to remember that he's an adult. This entire situation is out of his control and if he doesn't get back some semblance of that, he's going to lose it. Understood?"
"They will anyway," Tony added, "because we have the best fans in the entire fucking universe, but we
"Not at all. I just-" Howard sighed, looking more vulnerable than Steve had ever seen him. "I missed my friend."
Tony is tempted to start an allout snowball fight, especially since Steve isn't suspecting it, busy as he is with the face, but he wants to finish first. He wants anyone coming to the park after they leave to see their magnificent snowman, and to not know who built it. It gives him a small sense of satisfaction that they created something together with no one the wiser. It's their own little secret.
Something snapped inside Tony, the media fallout be damned! "GET YOUR GRIMY HANDS OFF OF ME!" He twisted from the man's grip as best he could in the limited space.
"I don't eat Wheaties." Steve said, wrapping his hand around Tony's bicep and pulling him. Tony had no choice but to follow. "Come on, I want to see it!"
"Where are we on that anyway?" he asked but continued on before she could answer, "I spoke with Hill yesterday, and she knows something is up but granted me access to the archives. Next week, of course."
"I thought it was a loop." Dropping his face into his hands, Howard sighed. "That I was split but would reconverge with the other Howard. And it would loop back and forth, back and forth."
He trimmed his beard thoughtfully and applied his lotion carefully, lightly scenting his face with the Armani lotion he was so fond of. He needed to look and smell his best when he spoke to Steve. Because that was what was next, wasn't it? Now that he figured it out, he had to tell him.
Tony was quiet at that, his eye catching a photo of himself sidestepping a rather pushy looking paparazzi, head down as he judged the curb he was jumping to, right next to him was Steve, bright like the sun, and looking at Tony.
The desperation in his voice was awful to be witness to, and Howard shot up from his seat, dropping to his knees in front of Tony. Nat's heart dropped; they were not okay. How did everything get so messed up? Howard was trembling, shoulders hunched and his face screwed up with his attempts to keep it together. "I'm so sorry, oh god, I am so sorry!" He grabbed at Tony's hands, pleading. Natasha expected Steve to protest to him invading their space in such a precarious moment, but he shifted, opening up their little circle, the hands not on Tony coming to rest on Howard's shoulder.
But as hot as Tony was, he was half blind. It was time to break out the big guns (as well as finally get him into some contacts).
"What brought along this realisation, if I may ask?" His tone was gentle, and she felt a greater appreciation at having him as a friend and team member. Thor could be hot tempered, he could make rash decisions like the rest of them, but there was a quiet wisdom within that calmed Natasha. She loved his steady and solid presence. He was older than any of them, and it showed in times like these.
With it out of their system, all that was left was a lazy Thursday morning, no appointments, no meetings, nowhere to be except to hide from the dreary weather. Steve took his time lining up and pushing in, relishing the feeling of Tony's velvety inner walls. Nothing felt more like home than being inside Tony.
"More than what? What I need?" Steve was getting frantic, half out of his seat and trying to get Tony to look at him. "I need
After they had ordered and their meals came, along with refills of Steve and Tony's beer and Bruce's soda, they tucked in. Steve groaned appreciatively, chewing on a bit of sausage with delight in his eyes.
Steve took the plate from Tony's hands, setting his file down and taking over the dishes. Rhodey was grateful for him as Tony started to tremble, just a little, as his facade started to crack.
"One day, probably centuries from now, you'll find what we call your Earth Family. The average timeframe seems to fall between four and five hundred years. Some less, some longer. Rarely ever within the first century." Smiling, Michael squeezes his shoulder. "This is the best part: these people get to know about you, they get to help you. And when they pass, you get to visit them in their Heaven. Sometimes, you get more than one Earth Family. But it's nice to feel loved, right?"
He doesn't know how to respond to that. Shifting his gaze, Tony looks out toward the window and takes a deep, steadying breath. "Okay."
But Steve didn't know everything about him. He didn't know all the darkness Tony had coiled up in his body. His guilt, his irresponsibility...hell, half the baggage that came with him he inherited from his father. Some were created by him. Casual neglect. High expectations. A small child with a brilliant brain who was never good enough.
Tony rinsed quickly, stepped from the tub, and wrapped a towel around his waist. The shower had felt good. Great even. He felt clean and more awake than he had been since he woke up.
She called over her shoulder, not even a little bit shocked at what she was seeing. "Found him! He's in the back office!" Turning back to them, she briefly studied Tony's lean form, and met Steve's eyes. "We need to know what you're planning about the Wind-Guard situation."
"Howard!" Natasha yelled out, hopping to the back of the couch and peering over, "Are you all right?"
It was a few minutes of work, but his fingers were sliding in and out of himself with ease and he picked up the dildo, lubing it and pressing it against his hole.
"We'll figure this out, okay?" he finally spoke, rocking them softly in comfort. "Stay here, I'll try to get some information."
"Out! Out of my chair and out of my room!" Steve's face was doing an incredible impersonation of a tomato.
Not Steve, of course, because no matter how hard she tried, there was no way he believed that Steve wrote those smut stories. It was near impossible to picture Steve at his laptop, writing about eating Tony out in public, or fucking him on the sofa in his workshop, as wonderful as that thought could be.
On the small slab of counter space next to the refrigerator, the old toaster sat with a stickered sign on it.
Tony turned from his hug of Pepper, arm still around her shoulders. "No, low would have been in the giblets." He looked over at Howard, chuckling at how hard he was laughing.
Almost there, Steve kept running, but he was still half a block from Tony. It was all he could do to keep running. The panic welling up inside him, freezing his thought process on just Tony. Only Tony. His vision narrowed, he felt his chest tighten, his eyes on the injured and crouched figure staring up in fear, eyes wide. Exhausted. Terrified. Steve couldn't think. Couldn't act. All he could do was run, his heart beating fast in an attempt to save the one person he loved more than anything else in the world, but he couldn't act. He only run.
Steve was left cursing under his breath and mopping up rapidly cooling Earl Grey. "What a waste of good tea." At least none of it had gotten on the blanket. Then Steve would have to wash it, and it wouldn't smell like Tony's expensive cologne anymore. And wouldn't
Tony clenched tightly around him and that was it. His world exploded into white and he was filling him, pumping his come into Tony, letting it mingle with Clint's and Thor's, thrusting until he grew soft then popping out and tossing Tony onto his back, grabbing his legs with tight fingers and pushing them up to his chest roughly. "You can come now." His head dipped and he shoved his tongue inside, tasting himself, tasting Thor, tasting Clint. Licking the rivulets of come from Tony's skin, and diving back in again, fucking him with his tongue, laying it flat and licking across the used hole. He let his right hand caress down Tony's body before taking him in hand and pumping quickly.
"So, I've heard," Howard said conspiratorially. "Not that I don't absolutely adore talking about my kid's sex life," He made a face, "let's move on. What museum is next on our list?"
"Tony, oh god," one hand snaked in between them and wrapped around Tony's erection, stroking him, squeezing hard, and flicking his thumb over the head. "Fuck, Tony. Come for me."
A screen opened on the wall in front of Pepper, showing Tony as he left that afternoon with Steve and Bruce. The smile on his face was wide and full, but to Pepper's trained eyes it was easy to see the tension. He kept himself flanked by Steve and Bruce, for once not sauntering off to the fans waiting outside, skirting security and going off on his own. He stayed close, like they were baby blankets he couldn't be parted with. The thirty seconds of video she saw was confirmation enough. He was a mess.
"Beautiful name for a beautiful woman," he grinned, leaning toward her, his eyes dancing flirtatiously.
"That's a great idea, I'm starved!" It was forced, but Tony was grateful for Steve's attempt as well.
Tony gave him a shy grin, and boy, was that turning Steve on. A timid Tony? He wasn't really (at least not usually), Steve knew this, but just the thought had him quaking. There was something about this that had Tony slowing down. With his other partners, it was just a chance to get off, which was always more fun with friends, but this? This was what he had longed for. He was nervous, but so ready.
Wait. Was Steve flirting with him? No. No way in hell. Best to ignore it. And anyway, there was coffee to think about.
"Talking with you. With Clint. Banging my head against the fact that I was completely on his side until one slip up." Heaving another sigh, she fell back against the couch cushions, all at once exhausted. "What would you do?"
"Okay? Speak, man!" That was Clint, digging through the cabinets and plucking a package of K-Toos from the shelf, a brand of gluten free cookies Tony loved.
Tony was absolutely wrecked. His mouth hung open as his head was pulled back, having to lift his upper body to the onslaught.
In the workshop bathroom mirror, Tony checked his hair, he checked his shirt, his jeans, making sure no cake or cocoa had fallen on them. He smoothed down his goatee, picked at invisible lint on his shoulder, and rubbed a spot on his boots.
Tony braced himself on the bed to lean down and kiss him, "Just text me when the chef shows up. I promise I'll come a-running."
"Nat!" He scolded, surprised and quickly checking to make sure nothing was showing through the towel, "What are you doing?"
He tried, at first, just to roll the sleeves up, too ashamed of his thin body, but the sweatshirt was too bulky, and he had no choice.
The rolling mountains of the Catskills always had a calming effect on Natasha. Unlike the Rockies or the Alps or any of the other more famous and larger ranges, the Catskills offered a quiet magnitude. They were a little shy in their height, but the graceful waves of their slopes and the little towns that nestled in between them spoke of a gorgeous silence, a peaceful waltz that dipped and grew, shrunk and leaped. Within the wooded lands of this forgotten part of New York lay half-collapsed barns, train tracks and bridges no longer in use, and shimmery creeks. Far back, deep into the pines at the foot of Hunter Mountain, rested one of her favorite safe houses.
"Can you believe how obvious Thor is? I mean, come on! It's like a neon sign pointing straight to Asgard!"
Three glasses in, and he was laughing his ass off, swapping stories and goofing around. Man, he was a cheap ass date.
They stood outside the bathroom as he retched, Steve inside and trying to comfort him, the sounds making them feel like failures.
He turned to enter the bedroom, but something hit him in the back of his head and tumbled to the floor. "This works too." Tony chuckled, picking up the still warm hoodie Steve had been wearing and pulling it over his head. "I always prefer when they smell like you anyway."
"Oh no, it's time to get up. Rise and shine, honey bear!" With one strong pull, the blankets were ripped off his body.
"It's spellwork," Steve began, pulling the pot he was stirring off the stove and setting it aside on an unused pot-holder. Tony gave him a quizzical look, and Steve shrugged and shook his head, "He used magic, Tony. It's connected to my pin. As soon as I touched it again, it pulled him forward through time to me."
Tony thought, but he kept that to himself. See? He could be considerate! "Actually, yes. Please. I'm losing my damn mind here."
Instead of doing so, he just tugged the fitted sheet off and laid down a fresh top sheet that had been folded on a chair. On top, he placed the towels. When he went back into the bathroom, it was to clumsily wrap a towel around Tony's waist and lift him, again, into his arms. On the bed, he placed Tony on the towels and dried him.
"Just wait till you get to know him," Tony whispered, leaning toward Howard like Dum-E couldn't hear, "You'll understand soon enough."
. Stopping the cycle of horrible childhoods with the empire he was building himself. He'd have a legacy to pass on, unlike the drunk bum who had knocked his mother up and spent every penny they earned down at the local pub.
He was looking for concrete proof, something to tie Natasha to the account, anything at all so he could stalk up to her and gloat.
He gave Tony what he needed in terms of monetary things. Food, clothing, expensive toys, a nice house to live in, and the best schools. On paper, he was a saint. In practice, he was a bastard.
Time was frozen, just as he had been. Useless except for the steady reminder that the love that had given him meaning had dissolved like sea foam in the tide.
Tony's eyes drifted closed, but Steve didn't want to let his own shut. He forced them to stay open, not wanting to miss a thing, not a single second of this. Letting go of Tony's legs, he brought his hands up, pulling Tony's where they laid splayed on Steve's chest and linking their fingers together. Tony's abdomen tightened and loosened with every roll of his hips, his body leaned over just enough to lift off of Steve's length and push back down, his own erection dragging across Steve's skin, causing him to shudder and moan.
In the morning, he was still supine. Tony had moved through the night but stayed curled up against Steve, more on him than off. His sleep was jumbled and spastic, and Steve found himself gently cajoling him back into dreams every hour or so. Under the surface, he was fuming. The one thing he had asked of Howard was to not hurt Tony and that's exactly what he did.
didn't abuse me. Not this you. You're off the hook, Dad." It should have made Howard happy to hear, should have had him feeling relieved. It didn't. A thought was already forming in his mind when Fury started talking again.
Clint was vibrating with barely concealed laughter. "Barton," Bruce warned as they stood up, "let it go." The noises Clint was making sounded like a car sputtering to a stop. Steve looked wholly unamused.
Steve smiled indulgently, "Absolutely. But let's get through this exam first, and then we'll fit you for contacts. You have astigmatism, so we might have to custom fit." He pushed the Phoropter toward Tony. "Put your chin here, Mr. Stark. I'm very good at custom fits, you'll see." He moved, standing behind Tony just as an excuse to touch him, fiddling with the machine.
A crowd gathered as they landed. Cars slowing along Hempstead Turnpike, blatantly rubber-necking, people ambling out of shops to catch a sight of Iron Man and War Machine as the suits opened, and the patrons in the coffee house abandoning their drinks to run down the front steps for a chance to get close to both of them.
He placed the hand in a tin and stuck it in the ice box, expressly telling his mother not to look inside, and went off on a two day bender, trying to erase the image of Paulie's body jerking with the shots, his last gurgle of breath, the blood that poured from him, and the little Irish girl he hadn't noticed huddled in the corner.
Clint is shaking his head knowingly, helping Steve tug the comforter over both of them. "I'll be back."
When Tony returns just over 5 minutes later in his heavy winter coat, scarf, hat, gloves, and snow boots, he half expects Steve not to show. But he's there by the elevator, wrapping an obscenely long scarf around his neck. His eyes are still a little red but dry, and he sends Tony a small but warm smile as he approaches.
"Tony, do you love me?" Steve takes the anger easily. His voice is barely a whisper, wonder set on his face.
Instead of answering, he brought his hands down Steve's back to grip his ass and pull him closer, grinding his hips up to rock their cocks together. Steve's mouth fell open into a little 'o,' his hands falling to Tony's shoulders to steady himself as he pushed back against him, rotating his midsection.
Steve's laughter trailed off into the room and Tony ended up being twenty minutes late to meet Happy.
Calming, Steve walked forward and took Tony's face in his hands. "I have never met a man like you before. Ever. Your heart is unique. You're full of so much love, so much compassion and kindness, and you try so hard to hide it, so no one gets close but it just...It bursts from you. I know you're a mess. We all are. But, Tony, you idiot. I still fell in love with you. Because I see beyond the hurt you've experienced. I see you. And you're wonderful. And I'm choosing you. Your mess is my mess. And my mess is your mess. Forever."
Time stretched, like those hazy moments in between waking and sleeping where nothing had meaning except the cozy, protected feeling that hovered around your body. Steve let his fingers trail up and down Tony's side, his nose pressed into Tony's hair. Almost sure that Tony was dozing peacefully, Steve was a little surprised when he started talking, sounding alert even though he spoke so quietly Steve had to strain to hear him.
Groaning, Tony rolled off the couch and onto his feet. "I like my butt too much to risk that." Turning to Howard, he asked, "Pep didn't scare you too much, did she?"
Tony didn't seem to care about the state of his clothing though. He pulled Steve close to him again, falling back against the wall, and attacked his lips.
He turned on his heels, happy to get away from Howard and more than ready to see exactly how this entire situation was affecting his friend.
Tony's laugh was interrupted by a knock at the door. "Better go answer that. Don't forget your pants. We don't need to feed Clint's inferiority complex when he sees that your largeness isn't just limited to your height." His hand, sneaking down, wrapped around Steve's length, and he revealed in the moan it caused.
They tumbled into the afternoon, the outside world still grey, while the bedroom was awash with brilliant color.
It hadn't really hit him until that morning in the shower (they really were the best places to think), and he realized that he had basically betrayed Tony by being so
Steve was quiet for a long moment, watching as Tony landed the quinjet and the wings folded up. He took a deep, audible breath. "Is this what you really want?"
He was the speeding car on an already damaged road. The ship sailing through a hurricane he already knew was coming.
"The currents could be off by miles," Coulson finishes, looking at once both excited and annoyed with the time they wasted searching the wrong areas.
Tony leaned forward suggestively, "Oh, good. No underwear. Easy access for later." He made a grab for the waistband, but Steve stepped back out of his reach.
"I don't really feel like going out, Platypus." The nickname was there, as was the intentioned cheek, but it fell flat. Rhodey moved the tray to the other side of the bed and pushed at Tony's shoulder.
Howard was just entering the living room when they joined the rest of the team. He looked shaken, but his face lit up when he saw Steve and Tony, his eyes zipping down to see their joined hands, a bright smile growing on his face.
half of this?" Steve flipped his palm open and thrust it toward the menu. "I never knew German food could be so complicated."
"Because we've been here for almost three days, and you've eaten next to nothing. Food and a shower will give you a little more energy." Steve paused, his head tilted as he worked through something in his brain. "Nat called," he finally said. "She thinks Howard was confused and didn't really mean what he said. Thor arrived. Apparently, he is adamant that Howard isn't against us."
"-It keeps me alive," Tony spoke quietly, and Steve hadn't even noticed him come into the room. "Arms up," Tony said, lifting Howard's shirt off without unbuttoning it. He pulled off Howard's undershirt as well. "I'll get these cleaned for you," he said softly, tugging the clean shirt Steve had found over his head.
"I said I was sick of gelatin covered everything," he responded with a teasing smirk, "not that there was no good food in the 60's. Though, I spend so much time in Great Britain that if I ever have to eat another poor attempt at curry again it would be too soon."
Taking his seat again, Bruce played with the label on his own bottle, peeling it and fidgeting. "Rhodey leave?"
Because a part of him knew this, right? He knew from the moment he read that spell for the first time that there was no way back. It shouldn't be such a shock.
"I miss how you have zero refractory," he answered for him, and he swallowed Steve whole, wrapping his lips around him and sucking gently. Steve's hips involuntarily jerked, his hands tangling in the curls atop Tony's head.
"But Tony fell into one of his funks, and that's putting it lightly. He broke up with Steve." They had reached the door, and Bruce turned, standing in front of it and blocking the way in. "Then we got a call to assemble."
Tony was in the same spot, the same chair, only this time, he sat forward, eagerly watching Steve as he weaved through the crowd, an expression on his face that sent a bolt through Steve's body. He wore a three-piece; dark blue and tailored to fit his frame. Steve's breath caught momentarily while looking at him. The man was beautiful. His eyes, dark brown and filled with things Steve couldn't even begin to understand, somehow still stood out like stars in the dim lighting of the club. Bright Eyes indeed.
Rhodey was already moving past him, opening the door and stepping into the living room. "It's a little funny. Tony would laugh."
"But… When Steve's plane went down, I never got that message." Coulson's eyes open, and he stares at Tony, looking right into him. "Tony, to
been trying, but damn it all, he needed an outlet. Even if he knew he might regret it later. He stood and took two steps toward Howard and mustered up every drop of confidence he could. It wasn't much, but it was enough to allow him to stand up tall, roll his shoulders back, and snap at Howard.
Conversation was still swirling through his attempts to block it. Louder now that Tony was sounding more upset.
"Definitely. And I think he's happy to have his friend back. You're a connection to his past. And he's one to yours." Sliding off the work bench, Tony moved to stand next to Howard, bumping his shoulder, and mocked a tap dance, slapping his feet against the floor.
Steve nodded and retrieved it, trying not to think too hard about the two guns and knife that were also in there. It didn't matter. This was a one time thing. He had the money and by that time the next week, he'd be on a train to Arizona with his mother, leaving this whole sordid affair behind him.
She sighed and quietly reopened the grate, dropping down soundlessly. It was time to entertain their guest.
And Steve loved him with every fiber of his being. Had loved him since the day they met, when he was 21 and Tony a saucy 18-year-old with a chip on his shoulder. He thought he would never get through to the disgruntled teen, but when Tony started singing his audition, his walls dropped. He revealed himself in a way he never did otherwise, at least not until Steve got to know him better. But that was when he fell for him, when a stranger walked into the room and opened up his hills and valleys, and Steve knew he had found his person. He just never had the guts to admit it out loud.
and it fell flat," he looked sheepish for a moment, glancing at Thor. "It was just the four of us then. We thought we'd try something different."
The shifting inside him ceased. One piece of the puzzle -- the most important piece -- was back in place.
"Shh," Steve consoled, his voice barely above a whisper, "go back to sleep." Gently, he laid Tony down at the head of the unmade bed and tugged the covers over him. Tony's eyes popped open, but Steve lightly placed his hand over them, tempting Tony back into dreams. "Rest, Tony. I'll make dinner."
Tony, who had been quiet prior, took the hoodie from Steve's hands and pulled out over his head. He looked happy but exhausted. "Spit it out, Tashi."
The man sat on the rusted barstool adjacent to the lounger. "Name’s Steve. Just Steve. You don't need to know anymore than that."
His favorite movies, his favorite foods. He learned that despite his aptitude for science, he loved to read, could devour a whole novel in a single night and often stayed up to finish.
"Oho! Who's the man with a plan now!?" Running ahead, Clint opened the door, sweeping his arms in a grand movement for Steve to walk in. "Watch his head, Steve-o! That's a billion dollar brain in there!"
He heard Natasha groan, "Again. You're a child. Anyway, wanted to know if you read the new story yet."
"You're not going to heal quicker just because you're an angel," Michael warns, lifting Tony's arm and tracing where he thinks a gash would be. Tony cranes his head to see. That's gonna hurt like a bitch. "You suffer as your charges do, so that you can feel more akin to them." Gently, he tilts Tony's head.
Tony groaned, "How? How was that a favor?" He looked at his clothes, smears of come and lube stained the fabric. He had meant to wash them before touching his clothing, but obviously that didn't happen.
"But why do you have to go? I want you here. Who's going to keep me warm tonight?" Tony's voice was petulant.
"Just a sec," Steve replied, checking a pot and giving it a stir. "Alexa," he called out, "set timer for twenty minutes."
He was greeted with warm smiles and knowing handshakes from those on the board and from those attending. At the luncheon, he ate delicious food, prepared expertly and safely, and chatted with the people at his table, never purposely giving his hand away but knowing that they all knew.
"This is a technology free brunch, Nat!" Clint said with a cheeky grin, taking a sip of his Bloody Mary. They were in a cafe, eating Eggs Benedict and copious amounts of bacon and potatoes.
"Yeah, yeah, get out of here, Platypus," Tony turned to hug him. "Thank you," he spoke into the hug, "I'll call you later."
Tony is impressed. "You look good for your age." He watches as Coulson makes himself comfortable, the way he shifts his wings, so he doesn't sit on them. It's graceful, and if Tony were not so observant, he might have missed it.
"Okay. Good. And really, thank you. You pulled me back from a dark place. It's not...I'm not perfect. But I am better. I owe that all to you." Pausing, Steve looks at Tony, really looks at him. Deep enough that Tony is starting to shift his weight a little uncomfortably. "Tell me if I'm over-reading this."
"We weren't really eating right. Pizza, Chinese, heroes, he kept throwing up. He's lost a lot of weight."
She left the glass, with a hastily scribbled note, on his work bench, and made her back to the living room. Bruce was en route, having been in Westchester picking up a few chemicals he needed that had to be retrieved in person. Depending on traffic, she knew he'd be back sometime after dinner.
"I know." Tony stood on shaking legs, taking a moment to regain his balance. "I promise, I do. I'll be at the next one."
Romanoff squawked as he hoisted her over his shoulder, the knife coming dangerously close to his ear. "Peace, Natasha! What is the meaning of this?"
"God forbid," laughed Steve, stealing a quick kiss before banging the masher on the side of the pot to get the excess off. He tossed it into the sink.
"For what it is worth, I am sorry we spoke so behind your backs. It is only because we care so deeply."
The last Steve saw was the steadying darkness growing around both of them before he slipped into sleep, his arms protectively around Tony's body.
She smacked his fingers and he made a face, foiled again! "StonyFan1918? Really? He hasn't figured out it yet?"
Tony's smile is wide and genuine. "Till we meet again, Ho." He turns back as he passes the threshold, but Yinsen is gone, and Tony is happy for him.
"You deserve more than this." The tower came into view, and Tony released a breath he didn't realize he was holding.
"I'm not, Ma, I promise. But I'm getting the money tonight. We can leave as soon as I get the train tickets. First class, Ma, how's that sound?"
Tony nods; it's not one of his favorite things he's learned, that's for sure. He stays quiet, knowing that Coulson needs to say whatever it is that's weighing on him, and he doesn't need Tony's chatter distracting him.
Eyes clamped shut, Steve concentrated on his voice, on the sensations of his hand, the warmth, the swirl of his shirt as Bruce’s palm moved in circles. His chest eased, but the ache was still there. He remembered Tony and his anxiety, how he picked at his cuticles when he was feeling particularly anxious. His own, too perfect from the serum, felt too smooth to find anything to grab at. But he needed
"I kill to even the fucking score!" Tony was in his space again, hand fisted with money, pointer finger in Steve's chest. "My ma did nothing but fall in love with the wrong guy. They beat her senseless and tossed her out. We lived in the goddamn
"That's the problem, isn't it?" He grabbed two of the glasses, each filled with straight vodka, it was about to be one of
And sometimes, she wondered if she could just get on the train one day and not come back. Didn't she deserve a bit of normalcy after everything she had been through? Why couldn't she go college at Stonybrook and work weekends at a Hollister? Why couldn't she share a tiny apartment with three other girls, draping scarves over the windows in lieu of curtains, and eating ramen noodles and toaster strudels. Crowding around the bathroom mirror on Saturday nights, trading lipsticks and eyeshadows, and
Tony didn't fight it. Normally their cuddling was a cute way to either sleep or watch a movie, and most of the time it ended in sex. They rarely had the need to snuggle for comfort. Tony was far too independent for that. But there were times…
"How much is healing worth to you, Clint? Tell me that?" She knew he couldn't answer, because how can one put a price on that?
Tony remained quiet, his forehead resting on Steve's shoulder under the guise of catching his breath.
"Yes," Steve purred, and with both hands cupping around Tony's face, he tilted his head back and kissed him breathless. All tongue and teeth, passion driven by his unlimited adoration and love for Tony. Enough so that Tony could feel those emotions winding through his body and heating his skin. "I love you. I love that you're everything you wish to be, and nothing you don't. Never forget that, Shellhead." One more press of lips, and he was out the door, leaving Tony feeling hot and wanting on the bed.
"A red head that might be scarier than me." The bottle she picked up clearly wasn't either scotch or bourbon, "I chose vodka."
"Agent Barton, what you call insults is toddler play concerning your intelligence. Please stop talking," JARVIS snipped.
Rhodey studiously ignored him. He was too good at that, to be fair, and Tony was getting rusty at shocking a reaction from him. "Do you love him?"
It was done by Thursday. Steve wasn't happy about it, but for his mother, he would do anything. The only consolation was that Paulie Two Fingers was an awful human being. There were rumors he was involved in the kidnapping and selling of poverty stricken children all over New York state, and the little girl he sent running from the building after he had killed the man only confirmed that.
Dum-E poked him again and made an inquisitive sound. "Are you all right?" He seemed to be asking. Tony laid a comforting hand on him, smiling softly. Who said robots couldn't love?
He hadn't even bothered reading the responses when he sent it, but scrolling back up after he hit send spread a sincere smile across his face. They were all pissed and rightfully indignant on Tony's and his behalf.
He didn't want to fight with Steve. Hated it with a passion. The only time it was acceptable was when they had to assemble. They could bicker and argue about what to do and fight even more at the debriefing. And then they could leave it there. It helped to strengthen their relationship outside of the Avengers; the ability let out tension while in battle meant that the little tiffs they got into outside of that were usually talked out functionally. Calmly.
"And we'll help you." It was so earnest, so sweet, so not Natasha that Tony had to look away to get his emotions under control. "And it is Steve." She continued. "I wasn't going to say anything, I was going to let this play out, but you're so in denial, I got fed up." She paused, reaching out to turn his face back to hers, "He loves you. So much that he's willing to live vicariously through fanfiction just to get a taste of being with you."
They had all surmised that it had to be something Tony was ingesting. The vomiting and diarrhea always seemed to happen no more than thirty minutes after a meal. Maybe it was a food allergy? Or maybe Tony needed things healthier than just pizza and Chinese takeout. He wasn't exactly young anymore, as much as he still acted like it, but such a drastic change in his tolerance of what he ate didn't sit right.
"I know you're all on edge, Agent Romanoff, so I'll let that slide." The right-hand corner of his lips was turned upwards in an amused smirk. "Believe it or not -- all of you, Tony included, have worked your way into my heart. And that's as much mushy bullshit as I'll allow. Fact is, I care a great deal about you." He addressed that last part at Tony, grinning at him. Tony smiled back hesitantly. "So excuse an old man for trying to ease you into it."
Steve's face colored, even in the darkening light, Tony could see it. Fucking hell, he was beautiful. "I'm not totally ignorant." He mumbled, looking down. "Just want to know why, is all."
Steve nodded solemnly, "I did. And I admit: It was really hard at first -- when I first started dating Tony -- to accept what I thought you had turned into. I had to separate it in my mind. And I have to do that now as well. You are not the man who raised Tony.
"We have a lot in common. We both skipped a couple of decades." Pulling his leg underneath him, Steve sat up, excited to share his thoughts. "It was
Downstairs, in the common kitchen, only Thor was around, sitting at the counter, eating yogurt and flipping through a magazine. He looked up when Tony entered.
Tony's knees bent upwards, his feet lifting to wrap around Steve, and giving only a slight warning to compliment the mischievous look in his eyes when Steve finally pulled back.
She shrugged. The heaters were on. She found it pleasant and not overbearing, but she could understand how someone not raised in the harsh winters of Russia would still find it cold. "So why did you come?"
"Maybe not." Steve's voice was barely above a whisper. He tightened his hold on Tony's hand. "But I'm going to try. I love you. I love you so much it scares me sometimes. I don't want to lose you. Wouldn't you do the same?"
They kissed again, Steve's tongue slipping inside to taste, to memorize every part of the willing mouth so he could remember it for the rest of his life.
Tony's time, Steve. I just think that he's excited about finding out he has a kid. I mean, I know I would be-"
Tony is a puddle by the time he's finished. The combination of the heat and the gentle ministrations have left him boneless and happy, a sweet smile playing on his lips. Steve hopes it's enough to lull him into a sound sleep. Gingerly, he dresses Tony in a fresh tank top and a pair of thick, cozy sweats and lifts him into his arms again.
"Don't," Tony said, pulling the blankets higher to shield himself. "I don't want food. I don't want anything but to sleep."
But then Tony kissed him back, just as fervently, grabbing Steve's face and thrusting his hips up into Steve's and moaning long and low.
"Right." He left anyway, pride be damned, and took the stairs. It gave him a moment to think and less of a chance of JARVIS messing with him.
"I am Michael, Anthony, and I have a question for you. But it can wait. Come now, it's okay. It's almost over; no need to suffer endlessly."
"I don't want to be sick anymore." Tony spoke in a hushed voice, leaning his forehead on Steve's chest. "I'll go to the doctor."
Shifting Tony in his arms, Rhodey leaned down and whispered into Tony's ear, a wide smirk stretched across his face, "Team Jess."
"It-it was a spell," he stuttered out his response, "connected to your artist pin. Once you held it again, I'd be brought to you."
"That sounds perfect. And I think chocolate chip pancakes would go splendidly." Turning to face Tony, Steve places his hand on his shoulder. Tony knows a serious moment is coming, and it unsettles him just a little, but Steve is still smiling. And that helps. That always helps. "Thank you, for real. Tony, I- I really needed this."
"All right, I'm done with this gushy shit," Fury announced, his tone peeved, and Tony pointedly ignored him to twist in Steve's arms and kiss him deeply. "I'm headed backto work on making Howard a legal citizen. Hill?" She nodded and moved to flank him, though she was smiling indulgently at Tony and Steve.
"Later," Tony promised, "not right now." His eyes opened, looking up at Steve pleadingly. "I can't think about food right now."
Tony slept late, and Steve refused to disturb him. He had slid out of bed and tip-toed to the kitchen, the fresh morning light dancing across his skin. After a quick breakfast, he plucked his sketchpad and pencils from his overnight bag and moved to the terrace, where he spent the next few hours attempting to replicate the horizon with number two lead.
He grabbed another few pieces, unwrapping them with just his left fingers. He was adept at it. Kisses were his weakness, and she knew it. "It's not, I mean-" He shoved three in his mouth at once and spoke around them. "-When it's just us with no mention of Howard, it's fine. We have amazing sex, we can have intellectual conversations, and we crack each other up. But since dear old dad dropped in, I don't know, Pep. He keeps talking for me. Acting for me."
Steve blew out a breath, ignorant to everything. And it was better that way. His smile this time was warmer, fuller. "I'll be right back with the smoothie." He leaned forward, cupping Tony's face and kissing him sweetly.
"Steve-" Tony shook his head sadly, "-I get hurt." He shrugged, his head tilting minutely. "It happens. Whether it's this or something else, it's going to happen. You can't shield me from everything."
, a film from 2002 that he had first seen only a couple of years prior. He had fallen in love with the dysfunctional family and the protagonist's plight of trying to better himself.
Someone snorted, but he didn't know who. Fury was walking up to him, looking just as intimidating as his name suggested; it pushed everything else from Howard's mind. He stood almost a full foot over his frame, and stared down at him with barely concealed wonder in the one eye Howard could see.
"Come here, my love." Cupping Tony's bottom, he pulled him closer and Tony swung his left leg over Steve's body, reaching behind him to line Steve up.
"I don't know," Steve laughed, "You only made me watch every single one of them a hundred times. Not sure I got enough to adequately judge."
Tony sighs, he's a bit disappointed if he's honest, but he gets it. "Understood. Got any place you want to go? Fiji? The Bahamas?"
"Whatever." Dropping the towel on the bed, he picked up his boxers. "This is an invasion of privacy," he sassed, shoving one leg into the leg hole and then the other.
Rhodey twitched, his indecision clear. "She thinks we should…" Biting the inside of his cheek, he studied Tony's prone form before pressing on. "She thinks we should encourage a reconciliation."
Steve nodded, "Yeah, he said they had bagels. Had been feeling well enough that he figured he'd step out of the soup jail he'd been put in."
He had to hide it. Had to push down the aggression he felt growing inside of him. Tony needed him to be stable. He needed to be an oak tree, rooted deep, to weather the storm. But Steve wasn't sure he could keep up the facade. He didn't know if he could remain in any way impartial, fake or not.
The knock changed nightly, so he had to listen for one of the other patrons to do it before he could approach the door. When the aluminum sign swung forwards, it was the same woman he had met the first night.
"We don't got a clear shot, Cap." That was Natasha, the quinjet moving through the air in an attempt to find the best vantage point in the narrow street. "Howard is in the way!"
"Eventually." Steve responded, watching as the vibrator stretched the rim, the tapered toy opening it wider the further in it went.
He caught Tony's eyes, giving him a questioning gaze, but Tony just shook his head minutely. The meaning was clear. He needed this. Steve didn't understand why; he couldn't comprehend any reason for Tony to feel the urgency to care for his estranged - and dead - father. The man had neglected Tony. He had been cruel. And even if the physical abuse wasn't all that often, it
Tony laughed loudly at that, "I love when you get all spiteful, J," he pulled away from Steve, turning to the cabinets to set the table, but Steve was having none of
It's like a nervous tick at this point, to hit the redial on his cellphone. Bruce's hands are shaking as he puts an arm around Steve's shoulders.
"Oh, ye of little faith," Tony shot back, twirling through the air and purposefully getting a little too close to Rhodey.
Fury nodded solemnly. "It wasn't your hand, not in the literal sense -- it was the other Howard. But it's still the repercussion of your actions."
Tossing his phone back into the nightstand, he turned his body, moving to his side to gather Tony up into his arms more securely. He didn't want to just sequester them away in Tony's suite for several days, it seemed unfair to make Tony stay in one place when the man was so filled with energy. He couldn't even go to his workshop without passing by where Howard may be and staying down there exclusively wasn't fair either.
Steve's head dropped, his lips coming in contact with Tony's collar bone, and his tongue flicked out, tasting the saltiness of Tony’s skin as he pressed in, deeper and deeper, his large cock stretching Tony open, until his body was flush with Tony's. Risking a glance down, Steve felt a bolt of pleasure rip through him. Tony's rim was extended to the max, just like his lips were, taut around Steve's size. He needed a breath, a moment to calm himself from seeing his cock so tightly enveloped by Tony's body.
on the subway. He was thankful, at least, that in his short time in the new millennium Steve had come to fully grasp the intricate systems that were the transportation module of the five boroughs of New York City.
Please think about leaving a comment, either to say if and what you want for a new interlude or to tell me that you love this story.  Seeing your comments gives me confidence to write!
have issues. It's not a matter of packing a bag and sending them to rehab, they've been there, done that. They're damaged goods, Nick. Obie Stane himself is enough to keep me away from them, hell, keep
"Whatever," Steve grabbed a piece of bread from the basket and tore it in two. "Bacon is delicious." He shoved half into his mouth, grinning at Bruce.
It's a weakness of Tony's, something he chased his entire life. "It is." And that right there makes it all seem worth it. "It's a little selfish, but I really, really want that."
"Worth a shot." Howard relented with an exaggerated sigh. "So, what floor will you give me? And don't say 22. I know what happens on that floor now!"
"We should inform SHIELD. If only to-" Biting his lip, he looked up at Steve sheepishly, "they may have someone Tony could talk to. Someone he can actually tell that his dead father traveled through time. I mean, this can't be good for his mental health."
As the tower came into view, the War Machine's HUD flashed up that Dr. Banner was waiting for him on the landing pad. Rhodey took a deep breath and closed his eyes. That never boded well for him. He landed, and as the suit disassembled around him, Bruce jogged up.
"He's in the workshop. Think he needed some time by himself, he'll come up for food though." Steve laughed, "for your pancakes especially."
"Babe?" Steve was out of his chair in an instant and by his side. Tony doubled over, grabbing his stomach.
"I've heard the name." Steve's hands, his beautiful hands with the long fingers that Tony found himself wanting to take into his mouth, were twisting at the bottom of his shirt.
Tony eyed him skeptically, "You're procrastinating because you need to gather your thoughts, huh? Come on, you can say it. Not a weakness."
It was the sincerity of the word that sent a bolt through him: Tony Stark asking, politely, to be fucked.
coming from that, and I really should finish what I started. I mean, come on, Steve. I'm sure your mother said the same thing! Finish what you start! So I have to-"
"We'll be good once we get you on, though!" Walking back over, Clint slides the arrow back into the quiver. "I'm a bit chuffed, you know."
"Nice word choice by the way. Sycophant.” Tony was regaining his composure. “Good use of an SAT word." Looking down, he shuffled his feet just a little closer to Steve. Maybe not fully back to normal, or maybe he just wanted an excuse to be close to Steve.
Aliens invaded and attacked NY; surely the public would find a time traveling Howard Stark easier to swallow?
The jet powered down, and Tony finally turned to face Steve. "Yes." Steve was openly crying, and Tony felt something inside of him crack. "I'm sorry."
So the prompt, you'll notice, is vibes in public but I kinda failed at that. However, it did prompt the whole part and that was their intention, so I'm calling it a win.
Steve ushered Tony into the room with a sweeping gesture of his arm, Tony's file grasped in his hand. He was careful to use the file to block the chart from Tony's view, keeping his movements natural but deliberate. He waited until Tony was seated and had pulled off his glasses to drop his arm. He knew from being Tony's eye doctor for so many years just how bad his vision was; Tony would be unable to make out any letters without the help of the Phoropter machine.
Sitting alone in the kitchen. With no one to talk to. Only toast and coffee to eat. In a completely new and unfamiliar century.
Howard still woke him up at night. Gasping and crying, hunched over, trying to make himself smaller. Harder to hit. It made him shake with fear and acutely aware of the silver scar that lined the top of his shoulder and fell to his shoulder blade. A permanent reminder of one particularly bad night.
"Dead last," Michael shoots back, barely concealing his mirth. "And yes, Anthony, I will concede." He looks back to Tony, his expression serious. "You are one of my favorites. I love your spirit. It's a good one."
Around him, technology moved. Holograms, machines, robots. But Tony's head was down, ignoring it all. His fingers deftly wrapped around a bundle of different colored wires and he tugged, jerking them from the wrist of the gauntlet and tossing them over his shoulder. Dum-E scurried behind him, picking up what was discarded and whirling away to the trash.
"What are you going to do with it?" Tony slyly asked as Steve let the silk drop to the floor. He stepped out of them with much more grace, proud of himself until Steve leaned over and took the head of his cock into his mouth and Tony's knees buckled. "Oh fuck!"
"I don't know," Tony smirked, flipping them so he straddled Steve's hips, "I think I need another apology."
There was honestly nothing better than making a hot cup of proper tea, sitting down at his big oak desk facing the Manhattan Skyline at night, and writing. He had on his biggest, comfiest sweater, slippers, and maybe sort of kind of stole one of Tony's favorite throw blankets to drape across his, ahem, lap.
"So, I'm forgiven then?" Steve murmured, nuzzling his cheek, his blue eyes softly falling closed as he inhaled Tony's scent.
Nodding, Michael leans forward, steepling his fingers. "Exactly. You could have gotten out of there without killing yourself in the process; but, instead, you chose to sacrifice yourself to save others.
The reporters and paparazzi were swarming, but with Natasha on one side and Thor on the other, Tony made it into the tower without too much trouble.
Clint was tugging out giant jugs of Arizona Iced Tea from the fridge. "Should we make something else to go with the hot dogs?"
Thor tried not to make it a habit to lie, even to himself, which meant openly admitting that the only mortal to scare him was the tiny, fierce redhead. And maybe Pepper Potts.
Without breaking the kiss, Steve rolled them backward, laying Tony down and slowly pulling out of the pliant and wet hole, draping himself along Tony's body.
Tony is tired. He's exhausted. The trip from medical back to the tower took everything out of him. He makes no fuss when Bruce helps him take the pills.
"Yes, and I won't go into all the sordid details, but I found out exactly how I raised Tony, and trust me-" leaning forward, Howard's voice took on a tone of insistence, "-I
Ignoring her, he continued on with his last train of thought. "I would love a hookup with Tony, fantasies come true, right? But who am I to stand in the way of Wuuv! Trwoo Wuv."
Tony gave him his very best 'Who me?' look, and picked up the carafe, only to find it empty. "Well that's unfortunate." He turned to the cabinet that held the canister of coffee grounds, making a big show of rolling up the sleeves to the sweatshirt.
How could Tony respond to that? Pursing his lips, he looked out over the rest of the coffee house. The other patrons were deep in their own conversations -- at least on the surface. He caught the random surreptitious glances toward him and Rhodey, the hidden eyes peeping up and then flashing down to their mugs and mason jars.
"Fingers by your eye, good, and release." The arrow hits the target almost dead on, and Clint whistles. "Damn."
Steve snorted, "Thief." He hitched up onto the counter, swinging his legs and kicking the bottom cabinets, smiling at Tony.
As was usual with Steve, he saw through him, but Tony wasn't surprised nor was he upset over it. He wanted the comfort, even if he rarely sought it out himself. Steve knew. He always did when Tony wanted it but couldn't find the words to ask, and he was far too good at persisting until Tony finally allowed it.
Shrugging, she picked up her glass, holding it up and leaning forward, "At least I didn't go Thor's route. Mine is somewhat believable as a regular fan."
"Steve, I just...ugh!" The anxiety within him put a stop to the confession. Again. He sputtered for a moment, throwing his arms up in frustration. "You're just so...and I'm just...I mean, look at you!" He was gesturing wildly back and forth, to Steve and back to himself, then back to Steve. "And then there's me. And you! You're so good and perfect and me? I'm just...I'm just Tony."
Steve's smile is wider than the horizon; his eyes light up just as brightly like the sun peeking through the buildings. "We can't have that!" Taking the hat from Tony's hands, Steve deftly places it on the snowman's head. "There," he says, standing back to admire their work, "all finished."
"Word of the Day. I get emails." Shrugging, Clint doesn't look ashamed at that admission at all. "Wanna know
"Oh, he wasn't happy, but he's not an idiot. He knows Bruce - and Tony for that matter - are smarter than all of them combined. I think he knows something is up, but as long as he gets the finished product as well, he's not fighting the issue. Yet."
He didn't look at all like the Howard from the few photographs Tony kept, or the man he had met at graduation that stood tall and proud behind his son. Media smile on, posing for pictures and paparazzi, while behind Tony's back, he kept his son's arm in a vice grip.
Kicking out, Howard's foot connected with the man's shoulder, sending him sprawling back. He almost lost his grip on the crossbow but regained his balance and swung back to aim again for Tony again. Howard, his face set in anger and determination, stood his ground, standing between Tony and the man. "You hurt my son, and I swear to God, I'll disembowel you!"
Tony deepened the kiss, sliding his arms up and around Steve's neck to pull him closer, bringing them down onto Steve's bed. Their bodies, hot with want and need, ached for the touch that had been denied them for their time apart. They were tense with anticipation and excitement, the desire for that physical affirmation tangible.
"What?" Steve was saying, turning from the painting he was looking at and catching sight of the sign. "Oh! Well. Had no idea about that."
The Other Guy knew something was up, and he knew it had to do with Tony. Bruce could feel his agitation. It was getting hard to concentrate, but the mass spec was beeping, and Natasha had sent him a task. A romp in the Hulk proof room was probably in order, especially considering the results that were printing out were most likely exactly what they already knew. Which would upset the Other Guy. Because it had to do with Tony. And Tony's father. Which the Other Guy had heard Tony lament about all too often.
"Why me? I'm not sure I've ever been the voice of reason. Circus freak, remember?" She was already headed toward the door, and he jumped up, blocking her. "I'm not saying I won't, but come on, let's be serious here. None of us are very good at remaining objective. I'm just being honest."
"Met an old friend, he let me take his plane back." Tony jerks his thumb over his shoulder. "He's going to take mine when it's fixed. I slept the whole way."
"You don't have to know, Tones, I said it before and I'll say it again, you don't have to have all the right answers right now."
For one, it seemed Steve had a new team. Two, apparently a massive battle had taken place in New York, and three, he was either in 2012, or sometime after, depending on how old the clipping was.
Steve barked a loud giggle--a fucking giggle!--and matched Tony's skip, singing off key, "The wonderful wizard of Oz!"
It took him a second before he realized that, as he was occupied cleaning himself, Tony was busy trying to undo all of Steve's hard work on his own body. His hands had gone under the water and under his himself, fingers slipping inside to touch where Steve's cock had been, not that long ago.
. There was no playing around with that. There could be no bending the definition of the actions that vandalized Tony's childhood. They couldn't just will away the repercussions of abuse and casual neglect. Tony bore those scars daily. In everything he did! In his false bravado, his charm, his desperation to be
Snatching his phone from her hand, he grinned devilishly, "Yes. And none for super spies who can't handle two drunk men!"
gave Tony pause. He sat back on the couch, dropping his hands flat against his thighs and letting his chin fall to his chest. "More than anything. You know that."
Steve barked a laugh and headed to the ambulance, hopping up and sitting on the bench next to the gurney. Tony looked up at him, his expression open and hopeful and Steve found himself cautiously optimistic.
Steve let his head drop to the pillow, still braced on his forearms, an exasperated groan muffled by the fabric as he hit the pillow with his fist. "I'm gonna stop you while you're ahead, Howard."
"Nat, this is serious. The Avengers have been hiding a time traveler." Picking up a second yellow pad with Natasha's handwriting on it, Hill flipped through, scanning it. "How's that going for you, by the way? Sending him back?"
Her laugh is as muddied as the banks down at the Loeb Boathouse after a rain, but still so genuine it sends an ache through Steve's chest. "Oh, yes, I remember." He has the distinct feeling she does not. That this is probably a
"Why are you telling me this?" He doesn't mean to interrupt, but Tony has to know. Why tell him about the great love of his life? The one he could never have? Tony's chest tightens, and he closes his eyes, turning his face into his pillow. He is second best. Steve's other choice since the first one didn't pan out. Always not good enough.
Joseph trades a look with Michael, who's beaming, and hands over the texts. "Your mentor will go over these with you."
Tony didn't sleep. Which honestly was predictable of him. He pretended to, of course, to appease Steve, and frankly - even awake - lying in Steve's arms was pure bliss. He waited until six before untangling himself, surprised that Steve was not yet awake. Even with all of the excitement the night before, he slept on.
"No way, not when I thought you were in danger. Take a lot more than a bunch of greedy zealots to take me out." Shifting, Rhodey reaches for the blanket and pulls it over them both.
Tony smirked, self-satisfied, and walked to the door. "Excuse me, I have to go get the butter and salt." A well aimed tomato hit the back of his head.
Overwhelmed for a moment at the maturity and love with which Tony spoke, Steve had to take a deep breath to steady himself. "I'm so proud of you for coming to terms with your abuse. That's a huge step. That's number one, and it's so important that you accept the things you can't change." He tugged Tony back down, resting his chin against his head. "And I promise I'll step back and stop trying to insert my opinion in everything. I don't mean to be so self-righteous. I just want everyone I love safe and happy."
He washed both of them, going from Tony's arms to his chest, reaching around to clean his stomach and finally slip in between his legs to carefully wash there. If he was worried he hurt Tony, that fear abated quickly when Tony moaned at the feeling.
It was nice, though, despite the annoyance of non-New Yorker tourists milling around in their slow moving, doorway blocking, picture taking way. And though they were recognized by a few, most seemed satisfied to leave them be.
"I had my eyes opened. I came to realize that I had more to offer this world than just making things that blow up. And that is why, effective immediately, I am shutting down the weapons manufacturing division of Stark Industries."
Forty minutes later, he was running to the bathroom. A half hour after that, he was asleep in Steve's arms on the couch.
All she had to do was keep an eye on Howard while Steve navigated through keeping Tony's head on straight. That's it. A few extra minutes was just teeny punishment. Tiny. Miniscule. Next time she'd think before feeding people vodka. Particularly of the time traveling variety.
As Steve bent his head to take Tony's lips on his, he knew: Not even the most famous poet in the world could put any of it into words.
That earned him the hardest smack yet. "Don't you dare fucking touch yourself without my permission."
Howard set the blueprints down. "I just took the elevator and got off where the doors opened. This is your workshop?" He paused then grinned, a light flush rising up his neck. "I mean, of course it's your workshop. I'm sorry, I should have asked, but it looked… As soon as I walked in here it was like-- I don't know. I figured out it was yours, and I wanted to be somewhere that was close to you, but-"
The last piece came off his suit, and Rhodey stepped towards them, "Barton! Care to tell me why you pulled me out of a meeting at Fort Bragg with a 911 text message and a voicemail demanding I get here
The scientist shook his head. "My medical knowledge is limited to third world afflictions. I'm not a doctor." He sighed at their looks, "I mean a medical doctor. Big difference. He needs to eat better."
She was seated at the kitchen Island, a cup of tea in front of her, no sign of the stress she faced from the night before. "I'll put it this way, there's no vodka left."
Steve bit back a nasty retort. It was only funny when the others teased him about his bedtime. But, that did raise a problem. Howard was bound to start getting suspicious if Steve rarely ever went to his own room. "Just leaving," he stood.
"I keep trying to call him. It goes straight to voicemail. I…I can't-" It's like he's lost the use of his vocal chords. No other words are coming out. Sputtering, he chokes on air and wordlessly hands the phone to Bruce. He can't do it. He can't stand there and talk to Natasha, can't comfort her when he can't even comfort himself.
"Not sure what Clint got out of it though." Laying back against the pillows, Steve reached over to slide Tony closer, tucking his arm around him and pulling him to his chest. Tony settled in without even waking. It was a testament to his complete trust of Steve, and that was nice to see, even if Bruce
Moving in front of the stove, Tony kept an ear open for who was at the door. Hearing Bruce's calming tone, he tuned them both out, concentrating instead on the task at hand. Tony couldn't cook at the best of times; he simply didn't have the patience for it. But he refused to let Steve's bacon burn.
"We do. And it's better now. We both had to learn to let go of some control. Me especially. But enough about me and Tony, there's plenty of time to discuss the finer nuances of my relationship with your son in the future," Steve teased, grinning at Howard. "I'd like to discuss how we can help each other."
frown upon that," Steve muttered, backing up and exciting the kitchen. "I'm going to shower," he spoke louder as he crossed the apartment, "and then I have some files I need to go over for Fury. Let me know when it's done, and I'll get Tony up here."
For several moments, Howard was quiet. He stepped up to Dum-E, petting him. The robot whirred and leaned into the touch.
Taking a deep breath, he quelled his temper. Now was not the time. Outwardly, he softened his voice and forced his face to relax. Tony was too close to breaking down; Steve didn't want him thinking his own rage was directed at him. "You don't have to be Iron Man all the time, angel."
"Come on! Who else could it be? Not Clint, he can barely string two sentences together in an e-mail, not Thor, he's only just learning how to navigate our technology. Bruce? Please. He would never write about me, let alone write about Steve."
redeemable as he was at that moment: Howard Stark from 1961, who had yet to fall into whatever awful abyss he would tumble into that would make him hurt his child. This Howard - so much closer to the one Steve had known - was affable, funny, and caring. Instead of lashing out at or just ignoring Tony, he attempted to forge a relationship between the two, taking on a fatherly role he wasn't exactly ready for. He dove in head first and regardless of his missteps, continued to try.
The elevator doors opened as JARVIS responded, "See for yourself." Tony stepped out, his trepidation slowing his steps as he peered around the corner to the glass walls of the workshop. A steady
He could see Tony's eyes darkening and let the hand closest to Tony rest on his leg in comfort as he read aloud.
"Probably smart." Stepping back, Tony held into Steve's hand until he was too far and their fingers slipped apart. He grinned, bolstering himself and Steve. "Wish me luck." Steve just smiled back, his hand slowly coming to rest at his side.
Tony snorted. "Physical impossibility. And not just because you're a man. If anyone's getting pregnant, it would be me."
"Am I ever going to meet this Bruce?" Howard leaned back, dropping his head to look at Tony. He looked ridiculous.
No, saving Tony was all Hulk's idea. He was protective and maybe a bit possessive of Tony. It had been quite an issue when Steve started dating him, to the point where Tony had to sit in the indestructible Hulk room with the Other Guy for hours talking him down. Assuring him that just because he had entered a romantic relationship with Captain America, it didn't mean Tony would love Hulk (or Bruce for that matter) any less.
