“I’m not lying,” Steve snapped, “this state, New… Arizona-Texas-ico, is beautiful and I’m still here, aren’t I? And I never really saw the point of them until now.”
“I will,” Steve said, in a strangled voice, hoarse from disuse. He knew he shouldn’t make promises he wouldn’t remember to keep, but if there was any justice in the world, any light, he’d find Tony again.
Steve let the television run in this room until the evening news stopped, and when it did he found another station to watch that was still running it, completely ignoring the feeling  of a frog in his throat and the acid bubbling in his stomach like lava in Vesuvius.
“But you have to know, Steve,” Tony continued, earnestly. “And I do mean Steve, not Captain America, that I’m ecstatic to have you here. Lonely bachelor like me getting a morally upright, handsome roommate like you. Pretty sure I’m the one who benefits most in this scenario. I’ll never figure out just how I got so lucky, but I’m not about to question fate.”
‘Tony’ lectured.
Different city, different day, different disaster; this time a five vehicle pile-up.
“Oh, this I’ve got to hear,” Sam replied, exasperated.
One voice stood out from the rest. He knew that voice. He loved that voice. Sure, there was a history of anger and betrayal mixed in there with the happiness, camaraderie and safety, but he loved it all the same. At one point that voice had sounded like home.
Steve felt himself dry heave and Tony’s arm tightened around him.
If history shaped and molded a person, what was a person without it? Two histories had been created for him, for all of them, one he’d lived in for years, the other only the past year. He certainly preferred the former over the latter, yet he had no actual ownership over either…
‘The coffee is shitty,’ he thought, more out of habit than feeling, as he stared out the window of a rustic café out onto a highway seldom used. Not that it mattered. His brain didn’t linger much on what he put in his mouth. His breakfast of eggs, toast and fruit might as well have been dirt, saw dust and twigs and he’d probably not know the difference. He ate when his enhanced metabolism screamed for sustenance and he slept only when exhausted enough to pass out from it. He didn’t pause to think about either as he did them. No point in it.
What he wanted to do was find a way to be useful. And, failing that, do something so physically strenuous he couldn’t even
He signaled the waitress to come with the check, and to her credit she came closer to him than most did these days to give it to him. Brave soul.
…Steve didn’t
Tony paused for a moment, stilling, his breath hitching.
What did they call it? Déjà vu? The feeling that he’d lived this moment before? Maybe a thousand times? Maybe zero? Or maybe it felt familiar because it was right? Possibly both?
He pushed himself up slowly, his muscles aching. Probably should have gotten more sleep last night. Probably shouldn’t have run for three hours this morning, before even the gods and shadows awoke and until his lungs had screamed. But, well…
you, so I really just had to hold you. So if you’d be so inclined and seeing as you don’t have a choice, really, just... for now just shut up and take the cuddle, damnit. We’ll talk it out later.”
He wished he was under water; encased in ice, never found, never released.
At least he’d stopped a robbery that morning, and had a bullet graze at his side, hastily bandaged and sprayed with antiseptic from his own first aid kit that afternoon, to show for it... so there was that.
“He’s in shock,” another voice said. Sam. Jesus, the things he’d done to Sam this past year. Sam, his brother in all but blood…
Which was what found Steve at Tony’s door, his home away from home, whenever his work with SHIELD allowed him the reprieve. Tony had made it clear long ago that Steve was always, always welcome whenever, and why did Steve need to work anyway, Tony was more than willing to support them both.
Only the future didn’t have yellow brick road. It had freeway overpasses, which, yeah, okay, was a neat improvement, but be that as it may, the future was nuts. This was unequivocal.
As the day moves on and no one gets up people start to join.
“No need. I just…God Steve.” Tony’s voice cracks on his name, it sends a burning ache through his chest. “I just wish it never happened, it was stupid. I wish I could take it back and wake up and you’d be in the kitchen reading Garfield and…”
“You know, when I first…after the accident I felt like you do now. Like I had ruined everything, like life had been destroyed.”
“I figured if something so young and innocent and perfect could love me and adore me, even if I scared him then I could live through the day. Survive.” Peter smiles.
He had considered asking Tony. He was one for breaking the rules after all, and would probably make them better than any S.H.I.E.L.D lab. But then he would owe Tony a favor and everyone was still trying to forget the moment they will never speak of again when Steve and Thor had pranced around in bikinis for three days straight.
“I was the worst. Sometimes when I was feeling particularly bratty I would purposely spill a drink over my suit or ‘trip’ and fall into the hors d’oeuvres. It worked on my mum a few times, didn’t have the old man fooled though.” He stopped himself there, registering the small twist of pain on Steve’s face that came with the mention of Howard.
“Okay.”
“My ma and I went to a fancy party like this once…well not exactly like this.” Tony met Steve’s eyes, smiling.
There was always loud music in these situations. Music blasting from the radio as Harry sang a bad rendition of ‘call me maybe’. Peter hadn’t seen the car, he would have stopped though, even if he did have right of way. How could he not? His pop had been the one to teach him how to drive. But he didn’t see the car. He heard it, felt it, experienced it as metal wrapped around metal and the radio stuttered, skipped and then stopped all together.
“No! Tony let me go, stop this just stop! Go back to your fortress of solitude and leave me to look after our son.” Peter was sure that his pop hadn’t meant the words to come out so harshly, but they did and he could almost see his dad’s fallen expression, the hurt in his eyes before footsteps echoed down the hall and he could here his pop cry outside his door.
The future wasn’t all bad though, Steve guessed. Women had more rights, so that was good. Steve wished his mother had had the same freedom and acceptance the women of today did, but he was sure, if there was such thing as an afterlife, that she was smiling down from wherever she was currently ruling, glad for this turn of events.
“Oh, we will definitely do that,” Bucky replied, sounding actually
“So, that said, do you trust me to fix this? It's going to take a leap of faith.”
Figured that a figment of his own imagination would be obstinate. Wouldn’t want to hear laid back voices, would he? He wouldn’t know what to do with it. If he was going to go crazy at least he’d go out annoyed.
the voice added.
Yet some moron had thought it a good idea to move the Dodgers to California (who on earth would want to move to California? Crazy people, that’s who! New York had everything one needed. Clearly). Like hell Steve would root for the Yankees.
“That’s not happening. At all,” Tony said, resting his forehead on Steve’s shoulder.
She had a point. Their fake world was in ruins. What damage the Chitauri...
Why did that keep happening?
And there was Thai food and Netflix and Google and good lord Caramel Mocha Frappuccinos were the thing of
he typed back, thought about it, then included a smiling emoji at the last minute.
his smoothie partner Carol
…Because he was curious and because Tony didn’t seem like the type to let anything, especially not a bitter mistress like fate, dictate his life to him.
Steve had never been more grateful to anyone in his
Steve nodded, working through it in his head.  “It’s funny,” he replied after a beat, still pondering. “I feel like I’m on my third life now. That the first life was me before Erskine, and the second just after, and now there is this me, the one who is here with you, in this time. And, truth be told, there are days when I feel old enough to have lived more than three lives. I’m sure we all do. But I think I’ve been looking at it the wrong way.”
He felt the bed next to him dip. Felt a weight settle next to him and strong arms engulf him and a scent hit his nostrils that was so achingly familiar it made him want to roll around in it. It was the first thing Steve could
“Not to cast aspersions on your home decorating, but Captain America isn’t really a good theme to go with these days,” Steve announced without looking at the presence seated next to his bed. Unable to look, really. He didn’t think he could take seeing disappointment shine through those beloved blue eyes.
bullet proof.
it was the thing. Should anyone have it, knowing what his body and mind were capable of?
The world felt like it was spinning wildly out of control.
“Were we meant for this, you and I?”
The weekly text from Bucky asked.
“Tell me about the physics thing again, with the timeline,” he asked. He had an eidetic memory. He remembered what Tony told him, but he wanted to hear Tony’s voice, wanted it all reaffirmed.
. You agreed to lead the Avengers. You’re Captain America!”
“How I’m here is a long story,” Tony breathed, nuzzling Steve’s hair with his nose, then nipping lightly at the tip of his ear with the lightest brush of teeth. “And it’s not important right now. As for the other thing, I never knew, before. I mean, I had always dreamed, but never dared hope…”
’ Steve wanted to ask. Had he ever had the chance to figure out the man he was? If Hitler was meant to win...
For the first time since waking up in the 21st century Steve wanted to crawl back in the ice and stay there.
“It wasn’t you, Steve. It wasn’t you,” Tony said, persistent with it.
of those Steves were
“Well, that’s great! Two of the best guys I know are actually the same fella. Should have worked it out earlier. Bit embarrassed I didn’t,” Steve admitted.
Steve smiled, warmed all over. He really did like Tony Stark. Not everything in the 21st century was crazy. Some of it just made perfect sense.
the voice continued persistently, sounding more like Tony Stark every time his brain conjured it, and Steve just shook his head.
And then one moment of silence became two and slowly Steve felt his heart rate lessen to a more normal, sedate pace.
Distantly he remembered it was also the first human touch he’d had in almost as long.
to be strong – a symbol - a morale booster - a beacon for a world torn by war. Steve wasn’t entirely sure he’d ever really been the man in the picture. Oh he’d put on a good show, to the best of his abilities, but being a symbol instead of a person was
Steve did trust Tony. Of course he did. Tony was the most resourceful guy Steve knew. The futurist, now and always.
“But then while I was under, the imposter you, I heard things he said while I was… under…well, that’s not important either. But here’s the thing, Steve… I can’t sit by and watch you break to pieces without getting to touch you. I can’t do it. And I’ve
But before he lost himself entirely to oblivion he felt cool metal arms lift him up. And then a voice,
to keep it locked inside, but it escaped anyway - of course it did - and with it, any remaining shred of his dignity.
The thought made him smile.
Steve still couldn’t talk though, so he simply nodded instead. Eyes forever trained to his spot on the ground.
“Undo everything you’ve done, only go back a bit further. Reset reality to the point before the Axis powers gained the upper hand,” Tony requested. “And then no more interference. Not this time. Let it all play out as it will.”
Such was life.
It wasn’t a question of whether Tony would come back. Steve could not conceive of a world without Tony in it. Therefore the potential of Tony’s presence remained as steady as the sunrise.
The side of a car had been hit, and the door now seemed welded to the wreckage but a woman was trapped inside so Steve pulled and tugged with everything in him, until bright dots danced before his eyes.
“And yet it never seems to be out of peril, does it?” he asked the sky. “But first it must know that we won’t shirk. I won’t let what happened to me effect the perception of the rest of you by association. Gotta restore the faith, then I’ll sleep.”
Always tuck cash away for a rainy day and have a spare passport ready, SHIELD had taught him. Steve was going to use his savings to save the world. In any way that he could. Or die trying.
When he opened his eyes again, it was to the sight of a European coastline and the smell of gunfire, and he couldn’t seem to remember why his lips tingled as if they’d been kissed.
“I told you,” Stark smiled, blue eyes bright as the sky and shining with laughter. Belatedly Steve felt a twinge of familiarity, but that couldn’t be, could it? Either way, happiness was a good look on Stark. “Call me Tony. And Steve? You could never be an imposition, not even if you tried. You outsmarted
Steve was still partially convinced he’d been caught in a tornado somehow during the war and was still kind of expecting a yellow brick road and some Munchkins to appear out of nowhere.
to be a monster. He’d rather die. Did that count for something?
Steve snorted.
“But I have to save the world,” he said while hiding his face in Tony’s neck, more for the sake of arguing than any desire to move… reputation as a stubborn bastard and all that.
“Indeed,” Namor added. “I have a hard time believing the Axis were ever in the position to win anything. You need brains to win, something Nazis lack. I’m sure their upper hand was accomplished through sorcery.”
Steve recoiled. Jerking with it. But Tony steadfastly refused to be dislodged. This, above everything, gave Steve hope.
But then Tony opened the door, looking so starkly
Steve wasn’t sure what to expect when he woke up, but the sight of a framed picture of himself in full Cap regalia certainly wasn’t it.
Steve felt Tony tense beside him, heard Tony’s heart beat faster. Tony was thinking. Tony was coming up with a plan.
Tony was smiling sadly at him, tears in his bright blue eyes. Steve felt his heart squeeze at the sight of it. Tony should never look so sad. Not ever. He would protect Tony from any and all heartbreak if he could. There was really no reason for them both to be lost and of the two, he’d much rather keep that burden on himself.
he thought to Tony,
That Tony said all of this without any irony had Steve shaking a little less, made him a little more grounded, not quite ready to smile, if he ever would be, but wanting to. It was the only thing he’d felt other than guilt and revulsion for hours, so he’d take it as progress.
“I believe in you,” Tony answered, sincere in it.
The news was full of nothing but rebuilding. The rebuild of Las Vegas. The rebuild of government. The rebuild of morale. His friends and acquaintances were doing everything they could to help with it all, of course they were. They were good people.
“Give him to me.” Another voice. Bucky. Bucky who’d had his memories taken from him, time and again. Bucky who would understand how dastardly Steve felt. Except that Bucky wasn’t real, either. Was he alive because the cube willed it? Would Bucky, a WW2 soldier like Steve, have survived a war where their enemies had won? And assuming he and Bucky were destined to go down on that flight, before the Allies changed the universe, would anyone have bothered to turn him into the Winter Soldier under those circumstances or would they have killed him outright?
“Count on it,” Toro agreed.
on the real thing. And recognition of that fact seemed to flip a switch inside of him.
“I just think,” Steve said, pausing for a brief moment to bend his head down and place a quick kiss on the top of Tony’s head, “that maybe every day, every moment, is the opportunity to live a new life, make better choices. If we’re going to create a new timeline every time we make a different choice than the one we might have, then maybe it’s our responsibility to try and make sure that the new timeline is a better one with every choice that we make.”
“Quantum physics,” Tony said against his breast, and Steve felt rather than saw Tony’s smile. “The timeline is constant. Unbending. So when a choice is made that wasn’t a part of the original timeline, instead of the timeline bending to accommodate the change, the timeline repairs itself by the change breaking away and forming a new, alternate timeline.”
God bless texting. Steve had never been more grateful for the invention of the cell phone than he was in that moment.
So he didn’t.
His brain felt a bit foggy, but not enough that he didn’t succeed in prying the car open.
with it. “We’ve all been there. Even you’ve been there. Remember your altercation with the Purple Man? This is just like that, Steve. Just like it. None of it was
Tony raises his head to look at Steve dead on, blue eyes flashing in amusement. “Go on,” he coaxed, eyebrow raised in interest.
“I know,” Tony replied, smile growing brighter. “I love you, too.”
…and there was the downfall of the 21st century. This weird hang-up they had over his alter ego. Those comics books were just plain weird, and some of the positions the artists drew him in damn near physically impossible. And then there were the lunch boxes. Lunch boxes! And if the comics were weird, that terrible movie that came out in the 1990’s was moreso. That fella did not look like Steve at all. What were the producers thinking?
Later Tony is curled up beside him, head on Steve’s chest as Steve moved circles into Tony’s hair with the tips of his fingers, feeling more at peace than he had his entire life, pre and post ice. He couldn’t help but think back on the concept of déjà vu.
But Tony wasn’t done. He turned to address the small crowd gathered around them. The scent of fire and metal hit Steve’s nose. Jim. And the lighter smell of the sea, of salt and seaweed and fresh, crisp air betrayed Namor’s presence. His Invaders. His team. That was still true, wasn’t it? If the cube had set the first false reality just after the war, then then surely the Invaders had been real as they existed
Steve shrugged, pushing his way out of a dirty glass door.
Steve felt Tony kiss his naked shoulder, and closed his eyes in anticipation.
Tony-voice said,
The building had collapsed with people stuck inside it and Steve was doing his best to help get to them.
Steve felt laughter bubble up all the way from his gut, and with it something sprang to life inside him. It was amazing what the faith of just one person could mean to a man.
The future was one big ball of crazy.
...Steve
But these habits kept the nightmares at bay. Kept him alive to do what needed to be done. That was the only thing that mattered, really.
For example, Steve had been woken from an apparent ice nap (…was that even a thing? Erskine sure as hell neglected to put that one in the brochure) to a circus strong man, Tinkerbell, a really, really big fella named Hank - as all big fellas ought to be named - and a talking robot all staring down at him. At that was the
...so what was the emoji for ‘I’m fine, everything is fine, life is fine, nothing to see here’?
He wondered if Tony would be glad or dismayed to have his lover back under the same roof as him now, though, considering everything. Tony liaised with the government. He had to know…
the war. It was something real he could cling to.
, the voice that was his constant companion these past few months, announced…
Steve closed his eyes tightly, more than halfway afraid to find out.
Lord what a beautiful view.
There was genuine embarrassment there, Steve wasn’t lying just to make Tony feel better. He really should have worked it out. Just what kind of renowned tactician was he if he couldn’t figure out that two of his favorite people were one and the same? Especially when he worked with one and lived with the other? But, yes, owning up to a little embarrassment was worth it to see Tony smile.
But maybe there was a little bit of his childhood left in him, where he’d been small and sickly and a burden on his drunken father, because Steve couldn’t understand why Stark, a virtual stranger not a week or two ago, would do all of this for him.
been.
“Good,” Tony replied, turning back to Steve, his voice gentling.
smelling in months.
to see him, eyes running over Steve head to toe with unmasked urgency, as if to make certain he didn’t have a scratch on him. Steve thought, the universe they’re both in, whichever it may be, was going to be okay.
“Serum protects my lungs,” he grunted, hefting a block of cement and sadness.
Steve was trying to lift a small car off of another small car when a strange blackness began to settle in, first around the edges of his vision, and then slowly filling in towards the center.
He looked at his plate contemptuously, no desire to force another bite. His mother, and the ghost of the Great Depression past, present and future, would be appalled at the waste, but then there were a lot of events recently that his mother would disapprove of, beginning with sins committed by a man wearing Steve’s face while Steve, himself, was off trapped in lala land, so what was one more thing to add to the list.
Steve smiled, opening his eyes and turning his head up to meet Tony’s gaze for the first time since waking.
Tony must have noticed something on Steve’s face, though, because he was eyeing Steve with an intent to study that had Steve’s heart pounding a bit, but also felt remarkably… recognizable.
With that Tony lined himself up and pushed in, and Steve moved his face back into the pillow so it would catch any dripping tears escaping his eyes.
the voice said.
the voice announced.
will,” Tony replied, petting his hair, grabbing a fist full of it and tugging lightly during the ‘we’ part of that proclamation for added emphasis. “But first, let’s get you back up to speed. I have it on good authority that a healthy body is the first line of defense.”
“I know it’s a lot to take in. Everything. You’ve been built up to legend status as you slept. That has to be… disconcerting.”
it to be Tony. Needed him to make everything
and if he’d made a horrible mistake to not think up a proper retort to that. He’d probably think of one later, most likely during a rare moment of restful sleep.
But Steve was good. He was fine. He could handle Norse gods, sure. Thor was a nice enough fella. Maybe they’d even be friends. After all, if Steve could make friends with Namor, Steve could make friends with
And besides, it's not like he had a right to judge anyone for anything anymore, not ever.  Not while he remembered what he could have been like had he been indoctrinated into that ruthless culture from childhood. He had control of his body now, this was true, but did he
Just the motion of twisting made of rush of dizziness nearly overtake him, but he only let that give him momentary pause . He’d worry about it later, right now, as it stood, there were other people who desperately needed help.
“I think,” Tony said, using the hand not currently stuck in Steve’s ass to caress Steve’s hip gently, “that we’re meant for this because we choose it, so it might as well be fate because I can’t even imagine anywhere else I’d rather be than here with you now. And I have a pretty active imagination, Steve, so if I can’t imagine it, no better place exists.”
However, as Tony reaches the end of the line, he looks back and finds that Steve’s got four more crews to talk to. He seems to be stuck on the third one in, brow furrowed and his cheeks reddening hotly.
Instead, Tony cracks a smile, “I mean, c’mon, babe. Knowing I’m up in the east wing waiting for you would drive you crazy. You’d never get a thing done down here.”
.” Because the monster has a hold of his left ankle and doesn’t seem to want to let go.
“Alright, alright. Calm down,” Steve says with a laugh as he clambers on top of a nearby at-least-somewhat-sturdy-looking table. He tips his full champagne glass in the direction of the crowd, “I’ll give you your speech!”
“Shit.”
“I know I like the product,” Tony says simply, eyes never leaving steve’s entrepreneurial take on a parade rest. Steve kinda feels like his throat is closing up. Barton continues to bicker.
“Uh, hey, Nat. What’s up? You disappeared. We have the, uh, Stark Industries lunch at any minute. You ready?”
Steve kisses the words out of Tony’s mouth, laughing through it.
“I didn’t mean to say that, I-“
“Shit,” Tony curses because he’d totally forgotten about the gala. Then- “
He tries to sound as nonchalant as possible, keeping his voice measured and casual when he looks at the leather headrest just to the right of Nat’s head and asks, “Hey, when’d you schedule that lunch again?”
“You’re mean, Tony, you know that?”
He swears that he can hear Steve’s smile through the phone as the designer apparently beams. It’s fascinating.
, then suddenly Tony’s grinning and half the sharks are leaning forward eagerly.
When he’s asleep, Nat does have a talk with the lead publicist though, talks damage control, the possible effects that would occur if Steve came out to America as dating one of the most controversial figures in science and technology during the most important, long-drawn-out job interview of his life. While the public has known that Steve is gay since his very first run for Congress way back when, a gay man winning the presidency is unprecedented. A single gay man dating a billionaire is something of another caliber altogether. They crunch some numbers together, whisper in hushed voices back and forth, discuss some key states and some shifting schedules, but decide that they could still win if Steve decides to do something about his recently embraced feelings.
At the last second, Steve reaches for Tony’s hand in the dingy hallway outside the small faux brass-crested dining hall.
Nat continues to cackle even after the next entrepreneur struts across their stage.
Tony looks back at the door. He’s used to Pepper being the only redhead who can proverbially grab him by the ankles and flip his world inside out in a single moment like that. His eyes dart back to Steve. He falls into the nearest chair, crosses one leg over the other, and tries to regain his typical casual equilibrium.
“Who’s the lucky fella, Stevie?” Bucky coos, “Are they good to you?”
And with that, Tony takes off at a jog, palms outstretched, and red metals chunks soar in from all angles to collect around his body. At the last second, he bends his knees, the last piece clicks into place, and Iron Man kicks off into the night sky.
Steve’s impending coughing fit is definitely outside of Campaign Perfection protocol.
“Hey, folks,” Tony preens, waving almost sardonically at the mass of paparazzi snapping his picture, the pink carpet spread before him. Steve smiles beside him.
Together, they watch Steve Rogers, a good man, a boy from Brooklyn, inaugurated into the office of the President of the United States.
“I didn’t know you guys were dating.”
“Nope.” (Natasha snickers silently beside him)
Tony whips around to face Steve, once again six inches shorter, and his shock is caught cruelly in the shiny triad of mirrors, “Seriously? That’s it?”
Nat passes out four identical champagne glasses among their top campaign staff, “We did it, boys,” She says, grinning, “Cheers to President Rogers.”
Steve whips the hose once so that the winding cord ripples along the backyard, and he grips the nozzle of the pressure washer like a fully automated SHIELD weapon and not a mere backyard tool. He looks completely serious, and he grins.
“Props to you,” Clint says, leaning back in his chair and crossing his legs with a sloppy grin, “That’s got to be one of the best pitches we’ve had. I mean, you made Stark over there speechless and he never shuts the hell up.”
Steve can practically hear the lack of subtlety leave Sam and Bucky’s bodies as they physically lean toward Steve and Nat’s row to eavesdrop. Steve rolls a VOTE 4 ROGERS button between his fingers. He determinedly ignores the pair of eavesdroppers two rows back.
Then there’s Natasha Romanoff. She’s the most quiet on the panel, but her looks mean more than any of the terse sentences she parses out. Nat is often the one that entrepreneurs are most afraid to face. Shark tank legend denotes that an entrepreneur can tell when she’s in/out based on a single eyebrow raise, though nobody’s mastered the specifics. nat has a monopoly on real estate along the whole western coast, though not many people so much as know her name. Her net worth has never actually been confirmed. The producers had asked her to appear on the show mostly as a joke, but then she surprised everybody involved and agreed to do it, never actually confirming why she said yes. When an up-and-coming entrepreneur is invited on the show, they inevitably find a terrifyingly bare wikipedia page titled Natasha Romanoff: real estate mogul, Shark Tank; a startlingly preview to what it’s like to meet her in person.
“Oh.”
“Maybe.
Steve’s reaching out to wrap a hand around an old rich guy’s shoulder as he mumbles out of the side of his mouth, “
All his life, Tony had always preferred the blistering Cali sun and waves to the endless concrete of the New York skyscape, but his own name branded into the sky is certainly a warm invitation of return.
“Yes,” Tony looks down at his notes then back up at Steve with a grin, “I want to give you exactly what you asked for. no change in dollar amount, no change in equity, plain and simple.”
And so the week goes, as busy as ever.
“Mmhmm. Here, let me read you an excerpt.
Nat, for the first time all day, pauses, “Wait,
The look that Steve creates for Tony is equally fitting. The basics of it is an all black suit: black jacket, black tie, black shirt, black pants, black shoes. Hell, he’s even got real onyx cufflinks. It’s all very dark and dramatic.
Steve pulls his head off Tony’s shoulder, “Yeah?”
Reporters and photojournalists bombard Tony from both sides not only with strict flashes of light, but with useless demands as well, increasing their volume with each step he takes.
“Um, thanks, To- Mr Stark,” Steve clears his throat suddenly, “I really do wish my opponent the best. He’s giving me a hell of a fight in this election. Thank you again for your support. I really appreciate everything you’ve done for my campaign.”
“Gotta go, Mr Stark,” Steve says quickly, pulling the door shut hard behind him. He still feels breathless as he calls at his driver to go. He doesn’t turn back to look at Tony, he can’t.
Tony snorts, “I did. I liked you too.”
In one swift movement Tony reaches across the table and grabs gently at Steve’s collar, pulling Steve’s face to meet his as they linger over the bread basket, and pressing a not-so-chaste kiss to his date’s lips. In front of the whole world and their camera phones to witness.
“Goodbye, Steve.”
In the car, Steve has to take big, gulping breaths.
When Nat and Pepper finally make their presence known to the lovebirds in the corner, they don’t untangle their hands on top of the short table.
“Huh? Oh, uh, yeah. Sounds great. Thanks, Nat.”
Steve tries to shut the door, fast and quick, like a drawbridge shutting on the high tide of emotions rising fast through his body. Tony reaches out an arm and stops it.
“Yeah. And don’t you ever again use me as an excuse not to have feelings or whatever, Steve.”
“Thank you,” Steve says, another time. A nervous habit, he adjusts his tie, “You really didn’t have to pay for it.”
“Fine, Nat. Who am I schmoozing tonight?”
The next day, Steve and Tony holding hands on a snowy Vermont sidewalk makes front page news. If you look beyond the joined hands and smiling faces that the camera focuses on, Sam and Bucky visibly trail behind the happy couple, and they too share a meaningful smile.
Steve is positive that Tony catches Steve’s sharp intake of breath, “I’d like that.”
Tony waves at him from the line, holds up a single finger that Steve inherently knows means one sec, be right there, and Steve watches with held breath as Tony orders the largest black coffee the shop offers.
, “Sure thing Mr- uh Tony.”
Tony catches Steve surreptitiously painting the side of the house.
“It’s in May, right?”
Tony grins, and seriously considers doing something significantly less gentlemanly. Instead, he touches his palms together and tamps down on his urges, smiles instead, “Night, Rogers.”
“C’mon, man. This is serious.”
And just like that, Tony hangs up on the greatest fashion designer of his generation. He wants a popsicle anyway.
He’s definitely acting weird. Fidgety, forced. But then again, that’s been going around lately. It’s unanimous and wordless; they’ll deal with Steve’s weirdness later. For now, they have a campaign to run.
Steve’s staring at his hands crossed in his lap, his legs swinging at the cupboards beneath the sink, “I’m not completely innocent.”
Steve moves around to turn the hose on, hands fidgeting idly with the various cords of his new toy. It looks vaguely like madness to Tony, but Steve looks like a kid who got the coolest new toy.
“Hey, Steve?” Nat asks later, 50,000 miles in the air, her almighty tablet perched within her fingers, tipped amiably in Steve’s direction, “Did you ever give Tony that call?”
Infatuated, Rogers, are you?”
“Yes, I am.”
“You could still move in, y’know,” Steve murmurs into Tony’s hair, his lips to his partner’s scalp, “I’ve got plenty of space up in the East wing. You can be my first gentleman.”
Steve wonders if they forgot that he was standing
So she tries it again, a couple times. She brings up Tony’s name in various conversations, all within different contexts. Each time, she shares a look with Bucky as Steve visibly tenses. Bingo. Nat’s starting to understand.
Steve stands to greet Tony, who is lead back to Steve’s secluded booth by the infamous Dylan. Tony somehow has the historically apathetic host smiling with a blush high on his cheek.
Steve looks up, mouthful of cereal, to find Nat standing there, arms crossed, hip popped, smug smile. Her hair is pulled back into an impeccable ponytail. Steve knows she’s already been up for hours, like him.
The weird thing is, Steve doesn’t actually say anything as he walks Tony out of the building. No conversation, not a single platitude. Just general, amiable silence. And Tony just- he just sits in it, lets it build around him like a brick wall. It’s weird.
Nat, exhausted and simply wanting to go to bed, sees right through Steve’s bullshit. But it’s her job to keep him happy and ready to serve the American people, so she just nods and pulls her arms tighter around her chest.
Steve chances a glance behind Tony. Following directions is about as much coherency as his brain can manage after that, “Actually, no,” He doesn’t mean to sound as surprised as he does, “He isn't.”
It’s not just about who he is, it’s also about who he’s wearing.
“Call him.” Nat basically commands late one night, standing in his doorway. It had been another long day. A better reception in North Carolina than they had even hoped for. Steve had wanted to stay up at the lobby bar with Sam and Bucky, but Nat insisted on walking him up to his hotel room. He needed sleep.
She’s surprised to find Steve standing there, still in his wrinkled suit from the long day, tie undone around his neck, hair a mangled mess. There’s a small dent in the top right of the large ROGERS 4 PREZ button pinned to his jacket. She notices the purpling bags under his eyes for what isn’t the first time.
This is completely new ground for Steve- conversation starters regarding his ass in a suit were not included on Nat’s handy note cards. He sputters helplessly.
Nat’s already dragging him across the room when Steve manages to wave back at Tony, “Great to meet you, Stark. Hope we can talk again soon!”
Yeah, Steve remembers. He remembers well. The suit, the grin.
When Steve’s segment is through, Nat is laughing herself to tears. It’s only a side of herself she ever shows in private, when they’re both dressed to the nines in $20 sweat pants their assistants surreptitiously purchased from some nondescript mall. The irony lies in that if Tony ever tried to use the Natasha he witnesses on watch party nights as blackmail, they probably wouldn’t believe him anyway. Her feet rest in lap, ankle over ankle.
Steve honest-to-god coughs this time, and Tony counts it as a full victory. He idly flips back to the page with the pictures as Steve coughs, the two of them caught smiling beautifically at one another as a million and one cameras flashed at them on the carpet. If he hadn’t been there in his own head, he’d almost say the smiley, ethereal way they’re looking at each other in the picture was in love. It all looks like pretty damning evidence.
Steve doesn’t end up having much choice in the matter. He thanks Tony as many times as can fit in the walk from their table through the tight maze of furniture in the direction of the host’s stand.
After the party, Steve presses a chaste, very gentlemanly kiss to Tony’s cheek, “Good night, Tony. Thank you for coming.”
“I heard that,” Tony says quickly as Steve approaches. His indignant frown somehow impossibly morphs into a smile.
Sam stands nervously next to Buck, nodding along like a bobblehead in front of a pedestal fan.
“You should get some sleep soon,” Nat says, skirting the passage between the president’s and the chief-of-staff’s office.
“Uh, hey, Stevie,” Bucky manages as Sam hauls him off the bathroom floor, “What’s up? We were just, uh- checking the structural integrity of your doors. Yeah, that. Your privacy is so important to us.”
There he goes, calling him by his first name again. For something he’s been going by his entire life, Steve feels like he doesn’t hear a whole lot of people call him Steve nowadays. It sounds precious and fragile coming off of Tony’s tongue, like a priceless piece of sterling silver jewelry. Steve feels his heart rise to his throat, and he starts to panic.
Tony hesitates, he really does. He sighs, “Just- did you mean it? When you said I’m a hero.”
“You’re sure?” Tony asks, holding Steve back from leaving the midsize venue.
She grins slyly at him from under her eyelashes, pinning his hand to the table with the threatening intent of a nail clipper, “Can’t tell. Surprise. Boss’s orders.”
Steve can’t help it, he gawks, “Are you- are you kidding?”
It’s the emotional, dumbass, stupidly-in-love-with-Tony part of his brain that takes hold and spits back with the guttural sort of laugh, “I broke up with you, didn’t I?”
At the end of the day, it’s reflected in the numbers. Just a little, but- it’s there.
Steve being the inexplicably suddenly-self conscious bastard that he is, feels his cheeks burn. It feels like he hits a beige-colored brick wall, washed over with a startling, cold bucketful of reality. Tony’s voice in his ear- it’s unreal, it’s not the kind of life he lives- surreptitious smiles and clandestine corners weren’t on the careful itinerary Nat has read to him that morning. And he certainly never courted handsome billionaires before his name was in the papers all the time.
When Steve steps into the shark tank, half a dozen human-sized cameras rotating around him like hammerheads leading him to his doom, the most terrifying, unprecedented thing that could possibly happen happens.
“What?”
Thor and Clint are very obviously about to break out into similar fits of laughter.
The address Nat texts him turns out to be one of those pricey, swanky New York brunch joints that are only open until 2 in the afternoon. It’s all clean, white surfaces and ninety degree angles. Steve’s never been here before, never even heard of it. He takes a shallow breath as he reaches for the long, silver door handle and enters the restaurant.
“G’night, Mr President,” She doesn’t seem convinced, but Nat carefully pulls the door between their offices shut, leaving Steve alone in the oval for the first time since the beginning of a very long first day on the job.
“I meant it more than I could possibly express. You’re a hero, Tony. You’re my hero.”
The publicist tells Nat that she’s personally happy that the person she intends to vote into office found somebody that makes him happy. Nat nods and smiles, a wordless, wholehearted agreement.
“Sir,” Steve says, voice high and fast, “Who
God, this job. She’s worked on the campaigns for politicians and entrepreneurs all over the globe, all across America. Natasha Romanoff has destroyed entire reputations with a nod of her head and built others from absolutely nothing like a power hungry god. But working for Steve Rogers was different. Never before had she so completely believed in somebody. Never had she even wanted to believe in somebody. Today, she’s proud of him. Usually, she’s just proud of herself. But this time, she’s proud of Steve Rogers more than anything else.
It takes a lot of combined effort from both Nat and Pepper to eventually get Steve and Tony to be in the same place at the same time. There’s quite a bit of so-called executive assistant jiu-jitsu on both sides, but eventually Nat pushes Steve into an empty private room in a small New York restaurant, and a few minutes later Pepper does the same.
She opens the fourth door on the left, the one that looks identical to all the other grey doors, and pushes Tony through. He’s got his mouth hanging open, jaw unhinged and ready to bicker right back at this pushy, hardheaded redhead, but she taps at her clipboard and lets the door close behind her in one fell swoop. When Tony turns around to face the owner of the office, he finds the one and only Steve Rogers smiling at him from behind a half-pinned mannequin.
It feels like decades pass over the space between their lips and yet mere seconds before Tony is pulling away, staring. At some point, both of Tony’s hands wrapped around the rolled up sleeves of Steve’s flannel, so even as he sits back down, Steve can’t properly escape what he did.
Steve lets out a sharp stream of breath and his voice is high when he speaks, “Tony-“
“I will,” Steve promises, despite the adrenaline thrumming through his veins. He’s here, really here. It feels incredible, “Night, Nat.”
The guy pauses with a neat little canapé halfway to his mouth, jaw dropped open, and his eyes grow nervously, “Uh, who are you?”
Still, the canapé-waving and general vastness of the crowd reminds Steve that this is a campaign. Not a blind date. He’s wearing a full suit for Christ’s sake. His proverbial shields go back up, his vague accent slithers back underneath his tongue where he keeps it hidden, and his smile solidifies again, “She does? It’s great to hear that.”
“Oh yes,” Steve says offhandedly, somehow simultaneously sounding nervous while also manhandling complete control of the conversation, “Would you agree if I invited you to the Met Gala this year?”
. Instead, Nat shakes her head.
Nat rubs her face and crosses her arms, leans against the corner that opens out from the cramped hallway into her equally cramped hotel room as Steve uses the minimal space to pace back and forth. She sighs, exhausted, “What’s up, Steve?”
Steve chuckles and Tony thinks
“Us.”
Nat’s eyes dart knowingly to Steve, his arms crossed nervously over his chest. She grins, “Stark everybody is better at hiding it than you. But No, he’s not an asshole. Somehow. His best friends on the other hand…”
She doesn’t need to use a name for Steve to know who she's talking about. He shakes his head.
But to warn Tony meant he had to talk, and he didn’t remember how to do that. To push Tony away meant he’d have to look up, and he didn’t want to do that, either. Looking up meant everything was real, yet maybe if he stayed still and kept looking at this one point on the ground for all eternity, reality beyond that one focal point would cease to exist.
“So you’re Iron Man, Tony?”
“I fail to see how this can be fixed,” Carol agreed.
The voice in Steve’s head, the one that had kept Steve company these past months, really, truly had
He buried his face in the sheets, breathing in the scent of detergent with his ass stuck up in the air, and wiggled closer to Tony’s ministrations. But when Tony refused to take the hint, refused to be rushed, Steve turned his head and asked…
He sobbed silently, distraught with the thought of it.
But the best thing the future had going for it by far, was Tony Stark.
. He didn’t know where he’d be without Tony. He had a home. He had a
The warmth within Steve grew.
But if crossroads resulted in a new universe being born, and, good god, this seemed like a big, huge crossroad, then perhaps the new universe he could possibly be creating right at this moment would be better off with option B. Find Tony.
Somewhere around too late to be early and too early to be late he got up to splash cold water on his face.
He probably should eat more, he knew. The serum required easily three times as much as what had been placed before him before he’d eaten the meager portion of it that he had. But he didn’t
Steve laughed, broken and hollow, a wisp of wind escaping what felt like a perpetually clogged throat.
Steve snorted. Yeah, well…
“Oh, thank you,” he heard the grateful woman reply with a voice wrecked by sobs. And he distantly though,
Not really.
“Good,” Tony replied, and Steve felt him turn towards Kobik though Tony kept his hand on Steve’s shoulder as he did as if he were afraid to let go. Steve appreciated the sentiment, even if he couldn’t voice it. Solidarity. The two of them were at their best when they were solid.
A part of him, a part Steve felt instantly guilty about, was… disappointed that Tony seemed so hung up on Steve’s suit and shield. But he’d get used to it. It was just a fact of life that came with this new century, apparently. Tony certainly wasn’t the only one gaga for Captain America, and Steve wouldn’t be the one to take him from him.
Steve opened his mouth to inform Tony that that was the most ridiculous thing he’d ever heard, but before he could get a word out, Tony continued...
. Norse gods ought to be a cakewalk by comparison.
…Which probably wasn’t going to be a problem anymore considering he probably no longer had a job, now that he thought of it. Nor a SHIELD sponsored apartment.
It was so familiar, the way Tony moved within him. The way he moaned and gasped. The way he looked at Steve like he couldn’t believe he’d been so lucky.
for it.
“And you four,” Tony added, “I know you won’t remember any of this, or me, but do whatever you can to make sure the Allies win. You have to.”
Steve heaved again, throwing up only bile. It hurt his throat coming out and tasted disgusting. It wasn’t so disgusting, though, as remembering what the cruel bastard wearing his face had done to Jack.
Steve crouched down, held up by his hands and knees, and emptied the contents of his stomach.
His brain was foggy, messy, but he was present enough to ask “how are you here?” even as he clutched desperately to Tony’s shirt, halfway frightened the other man would disappear through his fingers if he were to receive an honest answer. “And why are you… we haven’t ever… did you know I’ve wanted this?”
“I can do that – I can do that!” Kobik announced, seemingly eager to please.
Tony-voice announced, ever persistent.
the voice said.
So familiar. Yet not. Their relationship, this closeness, was still rather new. Yet it all felt so timeless.
Steve chuckled. “Must be the company I keep,” he said, smiling.
“We’ve got your back on this, Steve, buddy,” Jim said, the first of the Invaders to address Steve specifically. It made Steve’s heart twinge. Jim always was the heart of the group.
He felt himself start to shake violently.
“Oh let it rest,” Steve replied. “How is it you can nag me from a coma?”
Bucky coughs and accidentally sends Sam’s green apple diving for the floor. It feels like slow motion as two more sets of eyes swivel from the fleeing fruit right back to Steve. Their matching grins are absolutely cruel.
She starts to back away, nods with finality, “You ready to get going?”
Steve lingers for the briefest of moments, knowing it’s his final goodbye, memorizes the soft, surprised look tugging at Tony’s face. Then he gets the hell out of dodge.
Steve nods, takes another stab at the small dirt mountain now taking up their driveway, “I know, but I wanted to do it this year.”
“I’m good,” He manages, ambiguous and just about as tense as he feels, “So what did you want to talk about?”
Tony leans against the back of the elevator as the doors shut in front of him, and he smiles, “You’re the best, JARVIS.”
“Mr Stark?” He breathes into the phone.
He smiles.
“You don’t count, Stark,” Nat says through an eye roll, curling one of her tiny hands around Steve’s arm, “Pepper already gave me your money. Now, come on, Steve. We have to schmooze.”
The next morning, Steve’s late to his daily breakfast with Nat and the other advisors.
The Met Gala is no different.
She closes the door behind him, and follows Steve farther into the room with a sigh. He doesn’t seem to notice her bare feet or the loose sweatpants she wears with the braless black cami. He’s already started pacing, tossing a silver pen between his hands.
Another camera turns onto him for his final talking head and on off-screen producer asks him how he feels about the deal. Steve can’t help it, he beams.
It’s ridiculous of them, standing at the side of their house. Their neighbor’s nearest facing wall is less than twenty feet away, there’s a window to their new neighbors’ house not three feet above their heads, and there’s a direct line of sight of the pair of them from the cul de sac. Tony plants another kiss on Steve’s lips anyway. Maybe the whole domesticity thing isn’t the worst thing in the world.
“What?”
“Alright,” Tony says into the phone, “Yeah, okay. I’ll do it.”
Tony hisses under his breath, “Shut it, princess. You’re gonna lose this pitch for all of us before it even starts.”
“Ooh, do you want me to design you a new mower? I can totally beat whatever brand they’re trying to sell you at-“
“Actually, yeah. First choice. Mr Stark, is that a yes or a no?”
car, so it wouldn’t really work anyway.
Tony gets this funny little look on his face, his head cocked, his nose wrinkled, and his grin lopsided and- real. He waves vaguely in Dylan’s direction, then leans against the door with his shoulder and swings out onto the New York street without looking away from Steve with that meaningful face of his.
“Babe,” Tony breathes out, “This is all yours. It’s all for you. Everything you want- it’s yours.”
Steve feels his face burn with subtext.
The next day, the schedules are updated, and Nat doesn’t say a word to Steve about it. Nobody is able to tell in the slightest that she got half the amount of sleep she normally does.
“No, no, no. Please,” Tony says, only kidding the tiniest bit. He accepts the crook of Steve’s elbow and is finally guided by Steve himself through the doors into the museum, “You can wax poetic about my heroic abilities anytime.”
Tony’s cracking up, and then of fucking course Steve spots the beautiful woman in the black dress approaching them. Fan-fucking tastic.
“Oh yeah, uh, that’ll be a yes. I guess. I think. What do I have to do exactly?”
Steve feels all the stress and the worries of the past months, hell the past years, disappear like shadows under a foggy moon. When Tony touches him it feels like- it feels like nothing else he’s ever felt before. Like electricity. Like clouds. Like heaven and hell. Steve feels his whole body go soft and bend in toward Tony against his will.
Tony effortlessly fits into Steve’s embrace, his back pressed against Steve’s chest. Together, they look out onto the south lawn.
They notice. Of course they notice. Steve’s been late for a lot of things lately while they’ve been on the road. Things get pushed back, more supporters show up than expected, reporters ask questions even when they’re told the last one has already been asked. And the traffic that Steve’s growing motorcade causes is a time killer of its own devices. But Steve’s morning routine? It’s sacred. Hell, Steve’s almost got it timed down to the minute. He just isn’t late to it, ever.
The flip flops in Steve’s stomach start stomping.
“Hey.”
“What was that?”
Steve tries to play dumb, but it doesn’t really work. He considers fleeing, but they’re standing outside waiting for
Then Nat’s curving a good natured punch into the billionaire’s shoulder, and Steve’s whole body grows stiff watching from his tense shoulders to his locked knees, he’s like a victim of Medusa, feet cemented together and his joints made of granite as Tony smiles into the gesture.
Tony leans against the house and watches as Steve hauls one huge arm up and pulls at a heavy latch on the back of the truck. The back falls down with a crash, and a large tarpfull of mulch spills out of it. Steve immediately gets to work transferring the dirt onto their long driveway.
“Promise to come by every so often then? Please.”
Nat watches him in the mirror, but doesn’t say anything about the weird look in his eye, the sad bend of his shoulders. She watches him briefly, decides something singly, then quickly dives into a recitation of the detailed itinerary for the day’s traveling.
Tony’s no stranger to being pampered and beautified. He’s surprised his fair share of exes by agreeing to get mani-pedis with them, paying for expensive spa treatments, and sitting back and seriously watching as ex-girlfriends applied thick, beautiful layers of makeup.
Tony frowns playfully, “Second favorite? I’m hurt. Who beat me?”
Instead, Steve watches as Nat crosses her arms and smiles coyly, leans her shoulder in toward Tony, “Stark. Just as charming as ever.”
Steve heart picks up. He swears there’s a flutter somewhere in there, “Really?”
Nat grins wickedly, leaning back effortlessly against her seat, stacks and stacks of poll results and schedules and printed emails from voters sit prettily in her lap.
Tony practically throws himself at his coffee, “Pepper’s gonna be so pissed that she has to unfile this paperwork.”
Steve’s heart drops, “Oh, okay, uh- where, when?”
Steve hums in confirmation.
“You can probably just pencil me in for whatever day works best for your crew.”
That’s definitely not Pepper.
They stand there like sweet, lovesick idiots, cradling each other in their arms next to a house with a couple vague crisscrosses of wet paint, and rock back and forth softly under the rays of the mid-afternoon sun. Tony’s bare feet itch in the green grass.
“It was a mistake,” Steve repeats. It’s his story and he’s sticking to it, “I’m sorry, Tony.”
“And?”
? Can he use that word? Probably not, but oh well). Steve continues to be incapable of forming proper words.
It’s a good thing he’s willing to wait because after he gives his numbers, there ends up being a five-way bidding war over Steve’s company before he’s able to choose his future partner. Steve really doesn’t want to muck this up. He had gone in praying for something as little as a nod of approval, and now he’s standing under the lights of television cameras and the scrutinizing gazes of five billionaires and being forced to choose from the whole lot of them.
It’s demanding and brash and frantic and a smal part of the fervor in between Tony’s panting breaths transports Steve back to a night of cursing and screaming and i can’t do this. Steve’s superhuman forearm tenses, a physical tangent to his escape.
“Apparently you made a good impression. He told Pepper to announce his complete support for your campaign.”
He finds the coffee, sitting hot and idle in the same place that Steve leaves it for him every morning. But Steve isn’t at any of his regular spots. He isn’t reading a paper at the counter or sketching on the couch. He isn’t even sitting in the backyard reading in the shade.
“Uh, yeah. This is he. Who’s this?”
“So what do you say, sharks, who’s ready to take the world by storm with me and my product?”
“Alright, I gotta ask,” Tony says, elbow bent against the building, “What happened?”
He’s pulling his sweat pants on over his hips, has all but collapsed onto his bed, when there’s a knock at his door. Steve doesn’t even have the mental capacity to wonder who it is, just shuffles zombie-like toward the door.
“No, I just- can I walk you out?”
“What a funny coincidence.”
Tony rolls his eyes.
Steve’s noticeably better after that. He kills in Jersey, Nat inches in an extra ten minutes for his nap, and his general attitude is miles better now that he’s realized he’s not a bad politician just because he has feelings.
The restaurant is small, tucked away behind a back alley next to an organic juice place, but the inside is beautiful. Wooden floors and white walls with intricate paintings hung up, there are carvings and small statues, and the entire room smells of spices Steve had never imagined trying as a young boy.
“What?” Steve pales.
.......
Tony doesn’t love.
“It’s not what you think it is.” Tony hums, hands in his pockets. His face still guarded, Steve wishes he could cup his chin and pull him close.
“Hold tight Man of Iron!” Thor thunders over the coms.
“I fell. Tommy Winkle piggy backed me three whole blocks! Do you think I can be as big as him when I’m older?” His ma smiled up at him, slowly dampening a cloth with antiseptic, he tried not to wince at the sting.
“Aye Aye cap’n, put the shield up, I’m going to blast it.”
“Look at you big guy! You’re standing all on your own! Look at that…your dad’s are going to be so proud of you and Uncle Thor is going to go ballistic and Tasha and Pepper, well Tasha will pretend she doesn’t care but you know she’ll smother you in love and affection as usual.”
“Steve.” Pepper nods. She makes no move to continue the conversation, just stands at the door with her arms folded, staring at him blankly.
“Iron Man on your right!” Steve screamed across the coms, it was too late though. A headless roach soars towards him, wings twitching, and smacks into him, sending him flying into a building. He tries to gain control of his thrusters but the bug is
There’s something about Steve for the rest of the day- Nat, Sam, and Bucky all notice it- that’s just the tiniest bit off.
hippies.”
Tony waves a handful of appetizers at Steve’s retreating back in response.
Tony’s interviews aren't very interesting. Not to him at least. They all ask the same questions.
“Good night, Steve,” Tony says, his voice painfully soft, “See you around.”
Steve Rogers does not do things by halves. He did not become one of the most reputable names in fashion by doing things willy nilly. When he said he was going to design Tony’s look for the Met Gala, he meant it, and he meant to make it absolutely jaw-dropping.
“You’re late,” A blazing redhead says, seemingly appearing out of nowhere with an important-looking folder perched in the crook of her elbow, hip popped to complete the look. Tony would bet pennies on the dollar that she would get along with Pepper like gangbusters. He makes a mental note never to introduce the two, but suddenly the woman is turning gracefully and marching down the hallway, “He’s waiting for you.”
Tony takes a satisfied bite of bread and winks at his date, “Wonderful. Privacy.”
“It’s kinda stupid really,” Tony says with a deep breath, and once again Steve can somehow vividly imagine him pacing across maybe an office or a lab somewhere or maybe even his bedroom, “And I hope I’m not out of line or interrupting important future president business of any kind. But I was curious how Oregon went.”
They watch as the pen tumbles all the way to the ground. Steve has to stoop awkwardly to reach it, his chin on the table and his fingers stretching out as far as they can.
Then there’s a knock at her door.
“What made you decide to do the met gala this year when you’ve never gone before?”
It’s muffled, but Tony definitely chokes on something then. Steve feels his cheeks burn.
“Falling in love with you,” Tony says, pauses, voice low and sincere and bright all at the same time, lips drifting toward a low spot on Steve’s jaw, “Was the biggest mistake of my life.”
“Oh, you should definitely call him. I already thanked him, but you should call him. Personally. Tell him how very grateful you are.”
“Just give me a date, and I’ll have my assistant make sure I’m there.”
He’s starting to feel like a real idiot when finally the dial tone cuts off.
“That?” Pepper raises an eyebrow and points almost meanly at the magazine between them, “It’s funny. I was gonna ask the same thing.”
The reporter visibly shifts on the balls of their feet, “Uh, well put, Mr Rogers. Thank you.”
“Yep,” Steve nods, and Tony doesn’t miss the way his cheeks redden as he focuses on the strand of sewing tape he winds around his forefinger, “I want it to be a surprise.”
Then Nat offers twice as much cash for the same equity as Steve first asked for, and Tony visibly flinches beside her. Tony immediately triples his offer.
The thing is, it happens again a few days later.
“Hey, guys!” Sam says, breathless. His tray of waffles clatters loudly against the table, “What’s up?”
The smile folds into an equally roguish grin that Steve also just so happens to miss dearly, “Of course. Pepper misses your husky, manly voice. She’s stuck talking to me all day now. Yes,
Steve glares at all three of them.
you?”
Alone again, Tony lets his feet fall to the floor and he grabs at the magazine, flipping to the page with the completely fabricated article on his new relationship with the designer. Reading through it makes him laugh.
will call you. Anything else?”
Nat totally sees through him, but she deigns not to call him out right now. Thankfully.
“I gotta say, I agree. Senator Old Fart that’s running against you doesn't have shit compared to your ass in that suit.”
Tony can’t tear his eyes off of Steve, like the rest of the world but even luckier. He nods his head, “Yeah, I remember.”
The door shut discreetly behind him. Tony whistles, “Nice place, Stevie. Not bad at all,” He pokes at a precious artifact, something leftover from JFK’s days in office, and he turns to grin at Steve, “I might’ve made a couple different interior design decisions myself, but you’ve done pretty well for yourself if I may say so.”
’, “I’m sorry. Just- pretend I never did that. I look forward to talking to Pepper. Take care of yourself, Tony.”
“Go make some Oregon-an voters fall in love with you, Rogers.”
Steve introduces Tony to his beauty team, an excited group of young beauticians that worship the ground Steve walks on, then excuses himself from the suite.
In the end, Steve’s left looking back and forth between Nat and Tony like a ball in a ping pong tournament. Both investors talk over each other trying to convince him to pick their increasing offers of capital.
The possibilities were endless.
Natasha Romanov has only ever hugged three people: her mum, Clint and Peter so this is kind of a big deal.
He had fallen about a block away from his home, knees and palms scraped and bleeding. He wouldn’t cry, he was tough, but each step home was painful and the red skin around his cuts were already starting to bruise. Tommy lived two doors down from him and when he walked past Steve on his way home from work he crouched down, gave him a big smile and piggy backed him all the way home. Tommy was three years older than him and had two little sisters who ‘cut themselves up like nobody’s business’.
"Is that why she's not talking to anyone?"
“I’m good Pep. Just…in between people” he tried to lace his words with suggestion but the look on Pepper’s face told him he had failed.
Thanks everyone for reading so far!
“You need to go see your son and husband. Right now.”
Bruce had decided that a day out would be good for Peter, so a day out it was. The two had gone to central park, fed the ducks, people watched.
“You’re ok.” Steve whispered, placing a kiss to his forehead and leaning against
“Everyone fights Pete.”
Jury duty- he was Nick Fury for Christ sakes!
“Why’d you keep answering?” Tony shrugs, lets himself push off the wall and move forward.
“Tell me.”
He doesn’t stop by the tower, too stupidly afraid to see Tony, to know the pain he’s caused. Tony might be able to hide his wounds well in a crowded restaurant but not in his home, where his lab hours are a key insight to the workings of Tony Stark.
Really it shouldn’t have been such a surprise. After the entire vintage card scenario everyone knew Phil had a large case of the worships for the Captain. Clint smirked to himself and thought of poor vulnerable Steve who Coulson worshipped.
“Come on.” Steve wraps an arm around him and eases him up, Tony curses is useless fucking suit that’s stopping him from feeling Steve against him. “What happened to your suit up there?”
No one was home except Tony who was down in the lab trying to build some new remote for the television because Steve had broken the normal one. Again. He arranged himself on the couch so that when Steve walked through the front door he would be able to see Clint sitting their looking upset. He waited exactly five minutes and eight seconds until the door opened and he could hear Steve's boots against the floor.
“I see you did up the house.”
First Thor who jumps right on top of Tony and crushes him, Natasha who stays at the end of the bed, Clint who curls up in her lap and even Bruce who smiles at the sight and sits in the arm chair next to the bed, thumbing through a thick volume fondly. They lie there for ages, until Pepper comes and declares that they all need to eat something. All of them there for Peter, wrapped around each other, smiling, happy and, in their own weird way, making a family.
“Yeah. I ask him and he asks Coulson.”
“The bags here look shit.” He kicks at a small pile of sand near his feet, wondering how many of these Steve had broken.
Yeah this could work.
“My parents keep fighting.”
he reminds himself, his hands shake.
Natasha’s weekly calls become more frequent, even though Steve still lets them ring out, ignoring the messages she leaves, terrified she’ll know what he did and demand his own blood in return.
"Bu-"
Tony’s side. Peter blinked a few more times, wriggled his fingers, his eyebrows furrowed in fear as he looked at his dads.
“You flipped a coin?” Steve laughed, Tony loves the sound, his heart dances to it.
Folding the letter and placing it on his bedside table Clint pulled out a stack of S.H.I.E.L.D paper that he was meant to use for paper work. If Coulson could write some fancy pants letter telling him he was not at all allowed acidic arrows then he could write one explaining exactly why he would be getting those arrows.
“I’m sorry darling, go wash up ok?” Steve stood nodding, he dragged his feet to his room, his heart aching as he took the butterscotch and threw it in the trash.
They run into each other in the kitchen. After they’ve stuffed themselves with shawarma Steve follows them home, trying not to make it obvious how desperate he is to be crawl on the couch between Nat and Tony while they watch a movie with references he won’t get until Tony whispers the answer in his ear.
“No.” Tony glared at him. This Steve thing was definitely getting out of control. Before Clint could even reply the door opened to reveal a large green chest heaving. Clint and Tony both stared as the Hulk stood there, arms crossed and head out of view.
Once his hands were bloody and bruised he would sit with Peter in his room until he fell asleep, do his exercises with him, help him through the painful appointments and rehabilitation sessions. He did his research, changed their diets, gave Peter the independence he needed but always hid just out of sight- ready to come as soon as Peter called for him.
Subscription to al- He froze. Double tracked. Acidic arrows? Who had signed off on that?
He’s elbow deep in roach legs, which is a combination of roach, mechanics and something he can’t quite work out when there’s a knock on the door.
“It was.” Tony doesn’t realise how desperate he was for Steve to look at him until he does, their eyes meet and Steve looks at him warmly.
“What time is it?” Bruce asks, his voice tired as he sips on crappy hospital coffee. Jane sighs.
“He is?” Steve looked up, eyes bright and hopeful. Clint tried not to snicker at how pathetic they both were. It’s not like they were seventeen again.
“You see…it was…I just really wanted those arrows and Coulson kept saying no and then I saw him dressed as Captain America and thought maybe I would have more luck if Steve asked so I tricked Steve into getting them for me and then Tony kept sulking because he couldn’t get plutonium and Steve was upset because Tony yelled at him for messing up his sandwich- and really you two just need to sort out your love issues- so I mentioned he needed plutonium and Natasha was mad at me because I called her fat and I know how much she likes that stuff and as for the puppy purses- I couldn’t turn down an opportunity to embarrass Thor and then the Hulk found out and he was mad and I didn’t want him to tell on me so the Barbie oven came along but I was only doing it to make you all happy!” he sucked in a deep breath of air and looked up from his plate. Natasha was torn between her ‘Kill’ face and her ‘No sex’ face. Tony was grinning slightly and Steve looked…hurt. He looked hurt as he stared at Steve over the table.
“Right.” Said Clint, standing up and leaving.
“Holy shit! Shit fuck fuck shit shit! Oh my God! Shit, Just…wait…just stop big guy. Oh God your dads are going to flip that they missed this. Shit shit shit!” he had chorused over and over as Peter giggled and continued to walk behind him.
She leaves Steve in his apartment where her words echo around him, bouncing off surfaces and ringing in his mind deep into the night. He runs to the rhythm of them, sleeps to their insistent clanging.
"Not really." Clint sad as sadly as he could. Steve didn't reply for a moment as he moved a little closer to Clint.
Tony flips them around, capturing Steve between him and the kitchen bench, scrambling closer. Gently Steve bites on Tony’s bottom lip before sucking it into another long kiss. His entire body shakes with a want he never thought he could fill. Tony fits against him in all the right ways, he’s warm and soft, firm in his touches, gentle in his kisses. When Steve lets a hand wander from Tony’s waist to his arse Tony chuckles into his mouth and Steve pulls him close, turning that chuckle into a moan.
“Stop being such a perfect little white knight,” Tony accuses, harmless, “I’m paying.”
Steve gives him a winning smile anyway.
Tony’s face contorts like iron under a hot flame, but before he can say anything, Steve spots his usual town car pulling up to the curb and he rushes for it. His chance to flee. He doesn’t wait to find out what’s on the other side of that half-cocked expression.
Steve turns around to smile at her, leans against his new desk, “Let him in. Thanks, Sharon.”
“Hey, Nat,” He says quickly, and barges right on into her room, “I’ve got an idea for tomorrow.”
early, but early for him. Steve’s surely been awake for hours now, as per usual, nothing strange. He goes on a hunt for his husband, and even more importantly, a cup of coffee.
Tony has to remind himself that even if he had photographic evidence, nobody would believe Tony if he tried to extort Natasha for her laughter. Instead, he sits and stews, and doesn't dwell on the small smile meeting the corners of his lips.
The whole time, Steve is vaguely mesmerized by the way Tony talks with his hands, the way his tongue carefully juts out at the steam of the hot coffee. If Tony had asked him to sign a document that legally changed his name to Butt Mcbutterson, Steve probably would’ve done it without a second thought in those moments.
“ Tony leans forward with a lopsided grin, turns his straw in random figure eights in the ice water, “Or maybe they’re trying set us up.”
Steve thinks he might be the closest one to sober in the whole room. Besides Nat. But even drunk, she’s practically sober. He looks at the scene before him with a laugh. They’re chanting for him. Rallying for him. All these people are here for him, in support for him, working for his cause. When Steve first ran for city council all those years ago to stop discrimination in local government, he never could have thought people would support him in an eventual congressional campaign, let alone a presidential one. And yet- here he stands, a room chanting for him.
“Yeah, Stevie,” Bucky had piped up, his tie wrapped loosely around his neck. Steve is kinda starting to hate Bucky, best friend or no, he’s an ass on the road. He had leaned tauntingly back in his seat. He was gonna get to spend the night drinking and eating food, and not worrying about talking to every single guest. Bucky’s grinning like a prideful teenager on his way to prom, “It’s schmooze or be schmoozed.”
“I-um, should go. I have to be in Oregon in two hours.”
There’s this prolonged moment of silence, Steve’s fists curl and uncurl tightly, and Nat stands perfectly still watching him. Steve expects sympathy, encouragement, maybe an ‘
She can work with this.
He asks a couple volunteers that he knows she has a rapport with, tries to see past the knowing grin that Bucky gives him, and eventually is led back to the hotel.
By the time she’s done telling him about his day, he feels stronger, more ready. He nods in the mirror, “Alright, Nat,” He says, convinces himself that he at least sounds convincing, “Let’s go then. Let’s do this.”
Steve’d only half listened, pre-occupied with twisting unnaturally back to fixing Bucky’s crooked tie, his hands getting swatted by Bucky himself. Sam reached a hand over to stop Bucky from resisting, “Yeah, yeah. I’ve heard it all before. Don’t fuck up. Big money, very important. Got it.”
Steve says it so quickly and so matter-of-factly, Tony almost forgets that there was a yes or no question somewhere in there.
And with that, she closed the door on his face.
Tony can perfectly imagine the splotchy, pretty way Steve’s face reddens as he splutters hopelessly. Tony doesn’t think he’ll ever stop finding that endearing.
“Please? Steve, I want to talk about this. I thought we- I thought we had something. Talking to you, it's not like how it is with most people. You make me laugh and smile for real. And you’re incredible, and I want to talk about this. Please.”
“I can survive this.” He says sternly and Bruce looks back over the lake, his hand squeezing Peter’s shoulder before placing it back in his lap.
They were sitting at a bench when the conversation came up. Well Bruce was on the Bench, Peter next to him. Peter liked being around Bruce a lot of the time. He was silent; he didn’t stare at him like he was weird, or with sympathy or concern. He acted normal. Peter was certain that Bruce spent half the time not even realising he was in a wheel chair.
“We have a gala coming up.” Tony looked up from his desk, Pepper was staring at him questioningly.
Peter didn’t look 17 as he lay in the hospital bed, wires poking out from all over, needles dug into his skin, monitors beeping, bandages covering his arms and the plastic hospital sheet covering his body.
“Peter! Son of Tony and Steve. I am treasure hunting for the pop tarts. It seems that Tony has once again hid them from me in fear of me eating them all.” Peter laughed and wheeled over to the island in the middle of the kitchen.
“ah…” Tony starts, Steve steps closer, their toes touch.
“You fell pretty far.” Steve stepped closer, his hands fiddled with the hem of his shirt. If Tony didn’t know any better he would say the man was nervous.
“I love him, I love him so much.”
"Do you want me to come with you?" Steve asked, confused as to why Clint would be telling him this.
Thor, as it turned out, was terrible with children.
“Steve needs you too Tony, they both need you…they both need their family. You all need your family right now.” Natasha feels hot tears on her neck and she sighs gently, murmuring words to a Russian lullaby she knows.
“oh hey isn’t that – Tony!” Steve knows what it’s like to be frozen while time moves around you, he’s never experienced the opposite. Everything slows down around him, Sharon’s hand waving over his shoulder, the couple next to him laughing, a woman knocking over her glass. He turns in his seat and feels the all too familiar feeling of bile rising in his throat. Tony stands two tables away with Pepper, he looks gorgeous. Dressed in dark denim jeans that hug his legs and a button up that’s maybe just a little too tight. His hair is wild despite the evident attempts to tame it.
“Wanna spar?” Steve grinned manically and Clint gave a nod.
“We can’t be sure until he wakes but it seems the spinal nerves have been damaged and the disk between L3 and L4 slipped.”
Tony has a small smudge of icing on his bottom lip, Steve lets his hand rise between them, reaches out rubs his thumb against it, brings it up to his lips and licks it off.
"I don't want to ask Agent Coulson for anything else because he's already been so good to me. I guess I'll have to survive without them." Steve looked at Clint frowning.
“Bugs are coming” Hawkeye said and Tony made his escape, hovering above the building, watching as four roaches join the one already on the building.
“It’s definitely mine.” Steve says appreciatively, licking his lips, enjoying the way Tony’s wide eyes flicker to the movement.
"Want to talk about it?" Clint looked up from his lap to meet Steve's blue worried eyes. God he was a bastard for playing Captain America like this.
“That’s right Petey, that’s your papa.” Clint had said with a sigh before turning back to the TV. He had missed the concentration on Peter’s face as he watched Steve march around. He hadn’t seen the way Peter’s small feet had started tapping in rhythm with his fathers. What he did see, however, was Peter as he slowly pushed up onto his knees.
