At dinner, Harley explains how his dad just picked up and left the family not two months ago. They’d been forced to relocate so his mom, a nurse, could find work and she had gotten lucky enough to land a job at the closest hospital. Tony expected Vivi Keener to arrive at his door step looking tired and somewhat down-brought, but much to Tony’s surprise, the woman who rings his doorbell at nine twenty at night is the very picture of joy. She greets him not with a handshake, but with a hug that has him stepping back to regain his balance.
Pepper had been over seventy years old the last time he’d seen her alive, it would be nice to see her young and full of life again. With any luck, he could even push her and Rhodes together earlier, have them make more than one kid together. Perhaps three or four… Giving up the thought of looking bereaved since all his sad thoughts were turning around, Steve focused instead on how he could get rid of Obadiah Stane.
With tears in her eyes, she deletes Dr. Evelyn Foster’s account, closes her laptop, dries her face and goes downstairs to give her Daddy a big hug.
This is for every single person who has taken the time to support my little one-shot. Thank you for your comments, your Kudos, your favorites. I hope you like it. There is no real plot to this, it's just Tony' character study but I hope I did you proud.
“I was your Steve once, but then the earth got invaded and everything went to hell Peggy. I’m not that man anymore but for what it’s worth, your Steve is still alive in the arctic and he will be back.”
This time around, Tony did not hold back the questions. Steve could be cleaning the stove top and Tony washing dishes when all of a sudden he’d hear “But when did you realize you were in love with the other-dimension me?” or they could be lying in bed, about to fall asleep when Steve would hear “How much older was I when I met you? I must have been like, forty or something.”
It was obvious Steve had no idea what he’d done wrong. He was simply a blind man reaching for the wall in the middle of a strange room.
Steve was on his feet and trailing behind Tony faster than any other human would have been capable of. A firm hand grasped Tony’s right upper arm causing the other man to spin around.
“Relax, Cap is not going to sweep me off my feet Steve. Besides his boyfriend is always standing right there so I don’t know what you’re so worried about.”
Tony let Steve help him to his feet, a wave of nausea and dizziness hitting him hard. He despised whatever cocktail Steve had him on that left him so utterly useless but he’d claim his victories one at a time. Today he’d be allowed to see the rest of the house, maybe tomorrow he’d convince Steve to ease off on the drugs. ‘Baby steps Stark, baby steps.’
He gives the cabbie $100 bucks and practically bounces onto the streets of Manhattan. He keeps some weight off his ankle but it doesn’t even bother him as he climbs up the stairs to their apartment.
The sounds of a happy, squealing baby cut through the chatter of the room. Tony rushed forward, the biggest smile on his face. There, strapped to Pepper’s chest was baby with dark curls, mocha skin and big bright blue eyes bouncing in her carrier. She released another squeal at the sight of her favourite uncle while her fat digits beckoned him over.
Years ago Tony would have been able to hold back the tears, but not now. Now Tony allowed them to flow down his cheeks as his hand stroked harder and his salty lips went in search of Steve’s.
There isn’t a shadow of doubt in Thor’s statement, nor a drop of reproach. Tony certainly does not feel like Thor owes him anything, but at the same time, if that was him in Thor’s shoes, wouldn’t he feel like he’s indebted to the person who has and continues to care, raise, love and protect his biological child?
“Oh yes! Incredibly different but it makes me appreciate the High Commander’s vision all the more. He worked hard to give us a little of what the planet used to be like before…”
“Nice to meet y’all.” She gives them a pageant smile but it’s Loki who stands to offer his hand for her to shake.
Something is said back by Cap but this far away, it was no more than a whisper to Tony. Then as quickly as it all began, Steve Rogers walked right out of their home.
“You really should meet them sometime. Steve asked me to thank the Starks for everything they’d done but he’s bound to get curious eventually.”
“Look, all I have to do is create a fake profile and send a friend request to my Dad’s friend Bruce. After that it’ll be super easy!”
Bruce still looks worried, regardless of how many times Tony has explained the move to his old friend, his Code-Bro, Bruce still hates it.
“Good morning Steve. I received the account reports you requested yesterday, they’re in your inbox.”
“She won’t say anything. Actually, she told me she’s really proud of you for doing this. She’s pretty pissed off at Steve for what he did, you know. They all are.”
Silence weighed heavily upon the room but it was a silence of fear, of respect. No one could believe one man managed to do what they’d spent years trying to. No one could believe SHIELD now held these five black cases which contained entirely too much information for any of their liking. It was impossible, inconceivable yet here they all were and it was true. Captain Steve Rogers had managed to do in hours, what none of them had been able to do in decades.
For her part Virginia Potts took it all in stride. She’d never liked her name anyway so she grew used to Pepper quickly enough.
These days, the lives in the Stark household were slower than they ever had been. They were days spent in the intimacy of their beach home, enjoying complete privacy that was intermittently broken up by a visit or a video conference. They were days of little stress and a lot of creativity, days of happy memories that kept Tony in a calm, easy going state.
It didn’t take long for Steve to know Tony wasn’t alright. He might have come out of it with minor wounds but the nightmares didn’t let up.
Tony stayed close to the comforting warmth, kept his hand fisted on the shirt that smelled like softener and fell asleep thinking of the boy he fell in love with when he was just fifteen… he’d think about what that meant tomorrow.
‘Keep your friends close but your enemies closer’ Steve reminded himself while shaking Dr. Hansen’s hand on her first day of work.
He’d had many once, but little by little they’d all passed away. Some died in battle during the turbulent years of the rise of the Supreme Leader. One or two, he’d killed himself. Others, like Natasha, died of old age. Only a few of the original Avengers remained, Vision who was now in charge of Research and Development at Stark Industries, the Hulk who was somewhere in the galaxy smashing things and his old friend Bucky Barnes, who now sat old and grey in a specially designed cell just for him. His serum, it seemed, did not slow the aging progress as much as Dr. Erskine’s formula had, so eventually Bucky Barnes had grown too frail to oppose him.
Spring turns to Summer, and as dictated by nature, children begin their yearly migration into Tony’s house. Most of them don’t stay (they do tend to return to their homes before it gets dark) but there’s always at least three children running around the yard, in and out of the house and all around his general vicinity. This year’s ‘cool’ summer obsession is building a marble machine and so Tony finds himself supervising five children (Siggy and Harley’s friends) as they design and attempt to build, said marble machine.
Eliza had a long drive back to New York ahead of her, yet it was a trip she gladly took every single week just to see them. It made Tony feel special, but sometimes it also made him a little suspicious. He wasn’t foolish enough to disregard the possibility that Steve could be using Eliza as a mole. The girl may very well be his eyes and ears inside the Avengers, but could he really fault his husband for it? Steve was simply trying to keep an eye on the team and this was the most unobtrusive way of doing it.
Once inside, doors locked, blinds shut, telephone unplugged, Steve checked Tony’s vital signs. His pulse was strong and steady, the portable blood pressure machine showed his blood pressure was a bit low, but nothing to worry about. Smiling to himself, Steve allowed himself to finally take in Tony Stark. He’d aged, of course, so had he, Tony had little lines by his eyes, some strong frown lines between his eyebrows and a few laugh lines which he was glad for, but he was still the most beautiful thing Steve had seen in twenty-three years. His Tony, his fella, his sweetheart was finally within arm’s reach. Steve was no fool, he knew if Tony woke up now he would hate him and he was ready for that hate, he was ready for Tony’s anger and his cutting words. Steve knew that eventually Tony would remember how much he loved Steve and everything would be just as it should have been.
There’s a crowd forming outside of Margaret Carter’s office. They stick to the sides of the office covered by drywall, like rats stick to the side of buildings. There’s shouting coming from inside, Steve Rogers the company President (until about an hour ago) is shouting himself into a meltdown. In the week that follows, the employees will gossip amongst themselves about that day’s events. They will retell the story of how Peggy Carter seized control of the company from right under Steve Rogers’s nose, using tactics no one expected. They’ll tell it as if it were the liberation of a country from the rule of a dictator, and they’ll rejoice at their new (benevolent) management with gusto.
Pepper was different, more relaxed, less anxious about the company. Was that because she didn’t have to worry about Tony? Steve wondered.
Somewhere in the frenzy of lips and tongues, Tony wonders whether he’ll be able to sit down today at all.
Steve had met Killian at a party with Tony, thought the man a weasel right away. Tony had politely rejected Killian’s ‘offer’ of financing his project but knowing what was to come, Steve kept tabs on the man. Killian had gone off looking dejected but not furious, it’d intrigued Steve. The first time around Killian had supposedly left with murder in his eyes pointing towards Tony.
Taking the hint, Natasha, Bruce, Steve and Loki rise from their seats (though not before grabbing glasses of water from the tray) and follow Tony to the living room area just behind a half wall. The gesture is more symbolic than anything, because it soon becomes clear that the mostly open-plan floor leaves little room for privacy. Sitting around a table across from Steve Rogers is not a place Tony ever thought he would find himself in ever again. Steve looks as good as ever. His athletic physique has not changed and the only new additions to his face are soft creases that may one day become crows feet.
“Steve I can’t live my life in fear or what might happen. This can help a lot of people, we can supply the troops with enough units to give out in the villages, this can bring change and hope to those people, I’m not just going to say ‘thanks for the invite but no thanks.’ Plus SI hasn’t made weapons since the 90’s why would they try to kidnap an ex-arms inventor?”
His first action was to pull Tony up from the ground. He understood he had to say something but Tony was looking nervous which meant Steve had to kiss him first, to get him to relax. When they finally pushed away, Steve’s warm hand cupping Tony’s chin he finally nodded.
“I don’t want to know Steve…. I just… I just want you to know… how thankful I am for the life you’ve given me.”
There were things Tony and Steve didn’t talk about. They didn’t talk about how Steve had come to acquire so many scars, they didn’t talk about why Steve always wanted to have his eyes on Tony or why Tony sought out every ounce of attention. They never talked about why having Steve at his beck and call pleased Tony so much he sometimes ‘accidentally’ dropped a glass just to watch Steve clean it up for him and fuss about Tony not getting splinters in his feet. They didn’t talk about Bucky or why Tony refused to go back to SI even after his Sabbatical was over.
Tony looked at the cell phone in his hand in awe at the masterful way he’d just lied to Pepper and knowing full well that no one would ever hear a different sequence of events from him. He came back to himself to the feel of Steve gently touching his knee then promptly lost himself again in Steve’s adoring blue eyes and beaming smile. Slowly, Steve learned forward into Tony’s space and Tony closed the gap between them by pressing his lips against Steve’s. It was just a caress at first, lips against lips until Tony pushed his lower lip in between Steve’s, successfully coaxing the mouth’s blonde open. They kissed until they ran out of breath and were finally pulled apart by the shrill sound of the cell phone ringing.
“How could you possibly have messed this up? This is not a difficult job! It just requires a little care, that’s all!”
It was past three in the morning when Steve heard movement outside the apartment door. He heard a body being dropped to the ground and the sound of feet running down the stairs. Immediately alert, Steve was up from his bed and rushing to open the door in seconds. At his feet he found Tony on the doormat looking puffy, sweaty, shoeless and with what looked to be puke stains on his t-shirt. Gently taking hold of his head, Steve forced Tony’s eyelids open with his fingers and stared at the overblown pupils. He was high and drunk indeed.
Leaning forward, Steve captures Tony’s mouth. It’s a soft touch of lips, a wet drag of moisture that tastes like coffee. Just as teeth come in to play, Tony turns his head in a specific way that unfortunately pokes at Steve’s bruised cheekbone. The wince it elicits stops Tony cold.
“Stay still… there’s blood in your hair.” Tony’s hands are firm against his scalp. He works in a thick lather, scrubbing the hair with a little more force than is strictly necessary.
“That’s the thing, I’m thinking I’m actually the one who’s been hurting YOU. And that? That’s pretty awful Steve.”
Tony had been doing that more and more, trying to get Steve to release some control over the little things, to even out the playing field, so to speak. So far Steve was slowly responding to the change but it was all about the baby steps. Tony was ok with being his husband’s obsession, as long as he wasn’t his lord and master as well.
“You. Me. Date. No more drugs, no more you in my face all day long. We just spend time with each other like normal fucking people for a few weeks and see how it goes. I’ll call Pepper to let her know I’m safe, ask her to call off the manhunt they probably have going and we just hang out here.”
Abnormally, it also turns out to be a busier than normal summer for Vivi and Stephen. Somehow they find themselves with the most gruelling surgery schedule in two years and by August; the toll is starting to show. It takes Tony one look at his exhausted best friend to decide that she, Harley and Arlen are moving in with them until things settle down at the hospital. Vivi reluctantly agrees and that’s only because she’s too exhausted to properly argue.
After that day Tony’s life makes its first big change since his move to Tennessee. He suddenly not only has two extra kids practically living at his house, but he also has a best friend again. Vivi has more life in her than anyone he’s ever met. She is loud and vivacious and yet has so much empathy for people that Tony often feels lucky to know someone so honestly… good. She’s also a wonderful OR nurse and it doesn’t take long for the best surgeons in the hospital to start requesting her at their surgeries.
Tony nods, willing to listen to Bruce lie if only out of courtesy. If that was true they would have checked in on him months ago instead of ignoring him as if he isn’t worth a fucking text message. They’d all known each other since high school; they’d practically grown up together, been a tight knit group, family even… the joke is on him now.
There were tears in Tony’s eyes now, tears that fell on Steve’s chest. His hands reached for Tony, his lips seeking his. He was so engrossed in the scent, the taste and the warmth of his skin that Steve didn’t even realize the tears on his cheeks were his own until Tony stroke his thumbs over the tracks.
For a moment Tony was sure he’d finally pushed too far. Steve’s eyes filled with rage and he imagined himself on the receiving side of a backhand but instead of pain, Steve crushed Tony against his chest, his arms wrapping around Tony’s torso in a bruising grip. Steve buried his face in Tony’s neck and it wasn’t until Tony noticed his shoulder was wet that he realized Steve was crying. He raised his arms then, reached around Steve’s waist and held him tightly.
It hit more when the riots began and the true violence broke out. When the streets were filled with looters and refugees and displaced citizens who wanted change at any cost.
The sight of Tony Stark fighting back sobs and attempting to cover his eyes with a wet hand in embarrassment was one Steve had not been prepared to see. He watched, half fascinated, half heartbroken as Tony mumbled a litany of apologies and managed to work himself into what would soon become a full sobbing cry. Like a man possessed Steve covered the space between them in just a couple of strides until he towered over Tony. Then gently, he removed the boy’s hand from his eyes and saw the bloodshot brown orbs full of tears. He’d seen Tony cry before, but those had been tears of pleasure not the soulful pained, bloodshot eyes he saw now. Overcome with an inexplicable need to taste those tears, Steve leaned down until his opened lips pressed beside the bridge of Tony’s nose, under his right eye and tasted the saltiness of them.
Harley does not look convinced with his mother’s plan, but she’s holding out her hand in a way that means business so he reluctantly stands up. He shares a look with Siggy, she smiles at him, confident and with a look that says ‘I got this’. The same look she gets whenever they get in trouble at school. He smiles back, but it’s a worried grimace more than anything. Arlen however is harder to convince. The girl ignores her mother’s hand, opting for burrowing deeper into her Uncle Tony’s arms in protest.
He contemplates the paper for a bit, reads the wording and the name of the class. He’s never really thought about it, sure he always stops to admire the pieces on the studio window but he’s never thought about trying it himself. For him, art has always been a necessity, a means to a career. He was good at structural drawing so he went to school for architecture but he never thought about it as a fun activity.
The words themselves were, wrong. The meaning behind them was unhealthy but the love shining through Steve’s blue eyes was greater than Tony would ever be able to fully understand.
Tony had treated Killian with respect that night, had listened to his plans, complimented the man and explained it just wasn’t the right time for Stark Solutions to look into it right now but maybe in eleven months something could be done. Killian had left looking not-quite-so homicidal and Tony had made his way right back into Steve’s arms.
“See Loki, you have so much in common already.” Vivi shares a conspiratory gleam with Sigrid who looks particularly proud of herself. “Well I think it’s time for us to let y’all talk in private. Come on my loves.”
He’d made it. He’d done it. Now he could only hope it wasn’t the 1970’s or even early 1980’s. Getting to his feet High Commander Ro-no, Steve Rogers, secured his backpack on his shoulders and started walking.
“Do you think? I mean, there’s no way to be sure, but... do you think maybe this is all Howard’s fault?”
“Stephen this is Sigrid’s biological dad, Thor, over there’s his brother Loki and here are some old friends of mine from New York, Natasha, Bruce and Steve.”
Bucky Barnes is the last to confirm and the first to arrive. He shows up, tired looking but happy and proceeds to utter a litany of apologies for the last thirteen months.
The complaint is equal parts pain, pleasure and reproach. He’s accepted that he’s going to be sitting on his foam donut for the rest of the day but he’s not thrilled about it.
As soon as the impact-resistant glass of the workshop slid open for him, he could hear it. It was Steve’s voice alright and he sounded angry but not nearly as angry as the other voice that was with him, none other than Captain Steve Rogers himself. Tony had spent enough time as an Avenger to recognize the difference between their voices with ease. Part of him wanted to walk right in and interrupt whatever was going on, but another part, an older, wiser part, made him walk closer as quietly as possible.
Unemployment this time around is remarkably different. For starters, he awakens sometime around noon to the sound of Tony on a conference call in the living room and the distinct smell of coffee in the air. He moves his ankle… is pleased to discover that he can stand on it. Sure, he won’t be able to work out for a few weeks (especially with his rib), but he’s confident that soon he’ll be back to himself.
A kiss on Tony’s forehead is Steve’s only reply. He enjoys the warmth of the skin against his lips and breathes in the smell of lotion.
His feet were moving without his consent. He felt nervous, almost nauseous with each step but he didn’t stop until he was fully in the living room, utterly visible. He watched with his very own eyes as his husband’s face transformed from a cold, cruel grimace into the very face of a loving god.
The old Commander couldn’t bring himself to speak just as he also couldn’t make himself lie to Tony. So he nodded.
That was a fair point and he actually agreed but he couldn’t just go out and say ‘Cap?... Really?... Why?’ without it sounding insulting.
Being Tony Stark’s assistant was not an easy job even if he did have an easier time of it than anyone else would. It was time consuming and if Steve had to help out at SHIELD Tony was left assistant-less. Steve calmly presented his argument, listing all the reasons Tony needed someone full time. Steve would still be there at all times to help, but someone needed to take some of the load from SI off of Tony’s shoulders.
Steve always looked deeply uncomfortable when he replied, but it was getting easier to get an honest reply with each passing day.
Only a child could render such a boisterous, fighter of a man powerless, and it is a child who finally makes Thor Odinson stand before life, willing to take whatever crumbs are thrown his way. Tony understands the feeling better than he’ll ever let on.
The words were reserved for soldiers about to go into a mission of no return, but he felt they were apt for this circumstance. Steve knew firsthand that survival was oftentimes the greatest of sacrifices.
The ‘boy’ part was reserved for Steve Rogers alone. Steve used it because he knew how much it upset the Captain.
Something snapped in Steve right there and then, and guessing by the strength behind his socked steps, Tony knew that Commander Rogers had had enough.
“I came across the original contract between Jane and Father two years ago and asked Mother about it. She told me everything that happened.”
Woods, Tony thought, they were hidden in woodland probably in the middle of nowhere. So much for that section on the ‘how to escape a kidnapping’ handbook he remembered reading a billion years ago. Tony felt as Steve placed a warm kiss on his temple, Steve’s lips stretched into a smile against his skin.
Steve smiled, gently, sweetly. “Some of them are” he answered and that had to be enough. Trying to pry stories out of Steve was harder than international politics.
It was a beautiful sight, he’d forgotten how beautiful New York looked at night, especially from this view.
Regret’s a nasty thing. It bites at you, tears at flesh and pokes at the open wound with poison. The more regrets, the worse it is and Steve had a lot of regrets. He’d caused a lot of pain and not just from the nobodies he’d beaten up along the years, those didn’t matter, no… he’d caused pain to the love of his life. He’d broken the heart of the love of his life and for what? For an ungrateful best friend who was now shacking up with some slut he’d just met!
Tony Stark had been a well-known womanizer in his Universe; the king of the one-night stands, so could his Tony eventually come to desire a woman? Could he eventually want sex with a woman? ‘No’, Steve assured himself. Tony would never have a reason for it if Steve played his cards right. Up until then Tony had always been the bottom during sex, Steve had never questioned it but now he wondered if it was maybe time to mix up their sex life. After all, in war, a good Commander always knows when it’s time to introduce new technology into a battlefield.
He wore his beard full and long, making him look older than he was. He also wore glasses with large frames that masked his eyes, and Steve had not been his natural blonde since leaving Texas. He dyed his hair and beard a light brown which gave him an air of mundane lumberjack, thought he knew that his height and broad frame kept him from being entirely washed out of memory. His legal name was, as it had been since age eighteen, Grant Stevens and thankfully he’d kept his past illegal dealings private enough that his background check had come back clear back when he’d applied to SI.
Steve watched, amused as her eyes filled with panic. Eliza Copper was a Regime-raised child, she’d served the Army of the High Commander like a perfect soldier since she was thirteen years old. But above her civic duty and her loyalty to him, she was a follower of the Savior Iron Man first and foremost. Therefore, the only real thing Eliza Copper was afraid of was of disappointing Tony Stark.
“Apologize to your parents for me.” He tells the kids as they’re walking to the doorway. They look at him, curiously and he wants to hit himself. Apologize for what? They have been spending almost everyday at his house for weeks now. It’s gotten to the point where Shari, Ian and Reamus parents are taking turns bringing dinner as a thanks for free babysitting. Just yesterday he’d field calls from them apologizing for how much their respective children were coming over and he had assured them that it was perfectly fine.
Tony exhales a mirthless sound that could have been a chuckle but is more like a sigh. Of course Stephen understands….of course he knows. Stephen outlived his beloved wife after all, and while Steve is still very much alive, Tony’s Steve, the man he loved for a decade, died a long time ago.
He would have asked about their past friendship, about what made Steve realize he was in love with his best friend, about why he’d jumped verses and now wanted to have a romantic relationship with him. But Tony was nineteen and so in love he’d caught himself writing Steve’s name on the margins of a couple of his notebooks without even realizing it. So Tony did not ask, instead Tony got on his feet, walked over to Stave’s chair and climbed onto the man’s thick, muscled lap with his legs spread. This time when Steve claimed Tony’s mouth Tony knew what to do- he opened wide and let Steve take over.
In an instant Tony is in the kitchen, close enough to Steve that he can reach out, grab hold of his wrist and pull him in between Steve’s thighs. Tony goes willingly, his body pliant…warm against Steve’s chest.
“Well this just got a lot less fun.” Mutters Loki, his obvious disappointment earning him a nod of agreement from his niece.
“Natalie Rushman’s real name is Natasha Romanov, she’s a SHIELD agent. She was a friend and the closest thing to a sister I ever knew. I am not, nor will I ever be interested in her, in that way.”
“What’s done is done Steve. Just… leave it there.” He sounds cold, tired and maybe he is. Steve’s actions had a direct impact on his life, in his decisions. Had he had the support of friends he would have chosen to raise Siggy in New York. Had he not been so alone he would haven’t have come so far away looking for a new start, wouldn’t have met Vivi, or Harley, or Arlen or Stephen. He wouldn’t be part of a community, wouldn’t have the kind of peace he has now. He wouldn’t have had a house full of laughter and noise and warmth. “What’s done is done.” He repeats out loud.
Maybe Cap was right, maybe Steve really did hate himself, but Tony would never hold that against him.
Steve did stop then. He relinquished his grip on the guy’s blonde hair, releasing his head to gravity until it hit the pavement with a hard ‘thunk.’ He had the presence of mind then to look around for any spectators that might have gathered, perhaps a few of the guy’s buddies, but much to his disappointment there was no one. He’d run out of guys to beat up this side of Texas.
In Steve’s desperation and anguish he surely must have placed memorials to the fallen heroes and since Tony must have surely been among them, he probably put up more memorials in his honour. Facing the collapse of human civilization as they knew it, the newer generations must have taken up the fallen heroes as deities, thus creating the cult-like following which Eliza obviously belonged to.
He plans to draw Tony a bath today… pick up some dinner… get the milk he asked for. Not letting the thought slip, Steve grabs the office phone and dials a well known combination.
“I’m putting a lot of trust in your hands right now Tony. Please don’t make me put you back in that ice box, ok?”
How Tony must have destroyed himself. How he must have hated seeing himself reflected in the mirror.
“We are in a one-sided relationship baby, and that’s gotta change. You walk on EGGSHELLS around me to avoid us getting into an argument and what do I do in return for you Steve? Ziltch. In fact, I don’t think I really know you at all!”
“Is it me, or is that cashier looking at us kinda spooked?” Tony’s hand is tightly locked around Steve’s left bicep. It’s rare for them both to be going to the grocery store, but Tony insisted.
Steve knew very little about what the original Tony did after his parents’ funeral. He remembered Rhodes once mentioning something about vast amounts of liquor having been involved, but such was not the case this time around. Drunkenness had been replaced by insomnia, bouts of explosive anger and a mixture of both extreme clinginess and complete isolation. For his part Steve reacted to Tony’s moods as they came. One moment they could be sorting through papers in Howard’s study and the next, Tony could be flinging a paperweight through a coffee table.
They were eating spaghetti in the kitchen table, Tony filthy with sweat and metal dust. There was so much Steve could say, he could say ‘What’s the use?’, or ‘You’re Iron Man’ but instead he settled for the one closest to the truth.
When he was young, safety had never been a huge concern of Tony’s. He’s accepted danger as part of life, accepted uncertainty and spontaneity with ease, but that was getting harder to do now that he was older. Nowadays Tony drew comfort from knowing that Mondays were his meeting days with Peter Parker, his head of R&D, AI division. On Tuesdays he caught up with Pepper and Julianne (Pepper’s hand-picked soon-to-be-CEO). Wednesdays they usually had a visitor, sometimes it was Eliza, others it was Alaska. Fridays were their evenings out, whether that was dinner with Rhodey and Pepper, drinks with Bruce and Natasha or sometimes even just dinner with Eliza. Then the weekend was their own and their routine started back again. His life was like the ocean wave, it came and retreated before coming in again, ever constant, ever predictable… which was why the interruption on a Monday evening came as such a surprise.
Pleased with the results, Steve secured back the plate, checked the chain and placed himself in precisely the correct spot. Once lined up, he turned his head so he could stare at Tony’s corpse, pulled on the chain... and smiled.
“For the thousandth time, Yes! It’ll be good for us, a new start in a new place away from pollution, traffic and New Yorkers.”
He has a cracked rib, a sprained ankle, a black eye, a bloody mess of knuckles, more bruises than anyone can see… and he’s king of the fucking world.
Eliza was a cute little thing. She had long dark hair which she always wore up and a stiff way of walking which made her look like she was always marching. Most adorable however, was the way she utterly melted when Tony so much as walked into a room.
He pulls five icy cold beers from the fridge and waits for the electric lock to latch back in place. He places the beers on the table and purposely ignores the look of longing Steve is throwing his way. He uncaps his beer and waits for them each to do the same before speaking. “A toast! For the sleep our friends here are soon not going to be getting!” He declares.
Steve had laughed and assured him that Casey was perfectly capable of handling the Robotic Engineers, even if last month they’d called him in a panic because their test robot had nailed 200 screws to the lab walls before anyone noticed.
He didn’t quite feel like it, especially after Steve grabbed the book again, opened it to the page he’d left it at and started reading aloud while settling comfortably by Tony’s side. A few minutes later, after he’d finished the chapter, Steve surprised Tony by picking up the subject again.
Perfectly darkened eyelashes lowered as she dipped down her chin, a sign of respect. A heartbeat later, information was pouring out of her lips like water from a tap. In just seven minutes Steve learned every new detail and roadblock about the plan to create Avenger branches all over the world. A network of superheroes guided under one principle and overseen by an impartial council. It’d been a long time coming but the road there had not been problem free. Cap for one, was not thrilled about the new model and it had led to a great deal of internal conflict between the older Avengers and the newer recruits.
If everything went as planned, Eliza would continue to control Cap well after the Starks were gone. She would be his leash and one less thing for the Commander to concern himself with.
How Howard’s aging face came alive at that moment. How he grinned and beamed and warmed. It was as if a long-yearned for dream was finally, after such a long wait, becoming a reality.
Steve runs swollen knuckles over Tony’s left cheek, still smooth despite the prickle of evening stubble.
The warmth and weight of those words threw the boy by surprise. He looked shaken for a moment but there was such radiance in Steve Roger’s gaze that Tony couldn’t help but look back.
She was holding a clipboard with documents for Steve to sign but the way she’d asked him to “Please sign these Steve” proved to be the last advance he could stand. He hadn’t even known he was still capable of feeling uncomfortable.
After a few quick placating answers Tony promptly excused himself and fled to the safety of the upstairs bedrooms leaving Steve alone with Howard.
When it looked like SI was in more trouble than during the 90’s recession just two years back, a TV commercial would change it all around. Shown on Saturday morning for the first time, the commercial revealed the two branches of SI which would replace the weapon production: SI Construction and SI Solutions. The commercial was so full of American Nationalism than even the most cynical of individuals found themselves hopeful for the future. It showed how the guns that had made businessmen wealthy were about to build roads and create more local jobs than anyone thought possible. It showed how that same metal would be used to create the future technology that would drive the world forward.
They walked the garden, talking until the sun clearly signalled it was late afternoon and Tony announced he was starving. They made it to the kitchen, skins pink from the sun and found Jarvis already laying down two sandwiches on the kitchen island for them. The old butler looked pleased at their easy camaraderie and there was no mistaking the thankful look Jarvis directed at Steve.
Steve had always thought the SI building was a masterpiece, akin to something Michaelangelo would have designed himself if he’d put his mind to it. The architecture of the building was like Tony himself, beautiful but functional, practical but flashy. Just being inside the building made him feel closer to its creator, it brought him an inner calmness he hadn’t felt since age seventeen. He caught glimpses of Tony, every once in a while, usually he caught him walking somewhere, always in movement, always in someone’s company. He always looked impeccable with his suit and tie and sun glasses, always looked confident and in control but only Steve knew the truth. Only Steve knew the real, vulnerable man that hid beneath the silk. Today Steve took in a long eyeful of Tony as he walked past to go to a meeting, the last he’d be getting for a while since this was Steve’s last day working at SI. His supervisor had practically been in tears when he’d told him.
“So, I was thinking, and feel free to say no if you want, I’m literally just throwing ideas around… we have all this space right? And yeah Pepper has her own floor, and Rhodey’s here with her when he’s on Leave but we still have lots of space and well, how would you feel about giving your clone a room downstairs somewhere?”
Sigrid nods, her manners pushing forth a little smile. She remembers the woman’s fiery red hair most of all. Remembers how Natasha had let her play with it and how nice she’d been to five year old Sigrid.
She invaded his company, stole it right from under him and then made him take a plea deal. Fuck Peggy Carter and fuck gentrification.
In the months to come Tony would look back and be thankful of everyone he managed to see that day. He’d remember that he got to talk to Pepper for a bit and had made her smile at something funny he said. He’d remember that he kissed Natasha on the cheek for no reason whatsoever before leaving their office. He’d remember patting Peter on the shoulder and telling him “Good job buddy” before leaving the lab and he’d remember texting Rhodey to check how army life was going and getting a reply that read “Everything’s fine, don’t worry about me. Remember to shower.” Tony would remind himself that he didn’t go see Thor or Bruce or Sam or Clint because he’d seen them already the weekend prior when they all got together to have a noisy games night. He’d remember the way Thor squeezed him to his side after his eighth beer, and how Bruce pulled him aside to tell him how happy he was that Tony decided to take a year off. He’d remember Sam’s steady hand on his arm, calming, understanding, comforting as if even after all these years only he understood how damaged Tony really was. He’d also be sorry he never really got to make up with Clint, they’d put their argument to rest that weekend but Tony would’ve liked to have another conversation with him, to assure Clint that Tony really was ok with him leaving his job at SI to buy a farm and move there with his wife and three kids. But regrets would come later, not on day zero.
It’s not until that very instant that Steve remembers the black eye. He’s honestly had so many over the years that his own reflection didn’t register it as a concern. He must succeed in looking sheepish because with a sigh, the fight leaves Tony.
There’s a rage bubbling inside him as he marches through the streets of Manhattan. His muscles are coiled with tension, his face flushed and tense. Instinctively, people move away from him as they pass him but nothing comes within Steve’s vision.
Steve Stark never made his monopoly blatantly obvious either. Steve often left Tony alone with Rhodey and even sometimes with Natasha, he suffered no jealousy when an excited Bruce Banner joined their team as a science consultant and Tony bonded with the man at first sight. Tony talked about Bruce Banner for days, told Steve all about his research and how Bruce had confessed to having almost tested a gamma radiation experiment on himself.
But luck, as it turns out, is already on their side. For nothing gets broken all evening, cake and catered food is eaten with gusto and the Disney karaoke they all end up participating in is enjoyed by both children and adults alike (with Tony’s rendition of “How Far I’ll Go” being the highlight of the night). Karaoke is followed with a movie in Stephen’s ginormous TV and it’s quite possible (though never confirmed) that all three children beg for a second movie if only so they can have an excuse to fall asleep and not leave.
“I came here to this dimension, this universe, to be with you. I know I told everyone it was to save this world but that was a lie. I don’t care about any world Tony, it was always about you.”
“I know Thor, but it doesn’t change anything. In fact if Helen knew you were here she’d have you arrested on the spot.”
Shortly after that, Steve was able to successfully secure the acquisition of Advanced Idea Mechanics into Stark Solutions, placing Killian’s business partner Maja Hansen as the lead scientist on the project.
That was Steve’s new favourite phrase as of late; ‘we have plenty of time.’ It was as if whatever moment he’d been dreading had finally evaporated. Tony had had a vague idea about what that moment was (he’d known it had to be a war) but Eliza had elaborated a little more.
Steve didn’t need to answer, Tony could see it. He saw it in Steve’s eyes every day, saw it in the way he laughed at every stupid joke Tony came up with, saw it in how he worried about making sure Tony ate and slept and that his coffee was just the way he liked it.
All the training they’d been doing lately had done wonders for Tony’s physique. When it looked like Tony was more or less done ranting Steve pressed himself against Tony’s front.
“Can I eat that?” Arlen asks, pointing at the finished sandwich that is simply sitting on the counter.
His heart is beating so loudly in his eardrums that he can barely make out his own voice. Just minutes ago the house had been so full of noise he hadn’t even heard the doorbell, yet now in pindrop silence he can’t hear his own voice. He must look a sight because all of a sudden he feels Sigrid’s hand in his. He looks down at his daughter, his beautiful little girl and swallows down the panic in his throat.
A warm hand, strong and rough from the work clasped Steve’s in a firm, desperate hold. Steve’s gaze followed the hand up to Tony’s ardent face.
Gentle fingers stroke patterns across the naked expanse of Steve’s back. Tony’s fingers run smoothly across the skin, mischievous yet comforting.
The pride with which she said it left Tony in awe, reminded him of how badly he’d wanted to impress his father when he was a kid. He used to preen at even the slightest compliment from Howard and he wondered if he’d looked to his father the same way Eliza looked to Tony now.
Those words, spoken from any other lips would have sounded like platitudes to Tony, but not from Bruce. Tony lets them sit and soak comfortably into his heart and when he draws in his Science-Bro for a hug with his left arm, he does so with love.
The ugly memory of icy air and violent shivering flashed in Tony’s mind and he quickly voiced his distress.
“It’s probably neurological but it’s not due to either a tumour nor any anomaly in your blood. We can experiment with different treatments and see which works best for you Mr. Stark.”
Tony purposely killed the last note, sending his voice into what could only be described as a drag show gone terribly wrong. He made a showman’s bow although Steve was still laughing too hard to appreciate it, but a minute later the man was more or less recovered.
Steve felt strong arms wrap around his waist, squeezing rightly. He pressed his hands over the arms, took in the comfort offered.
Startled, Steve released his tight hold but Tony simply nuzzled the prickly skin beneath his cheek. His breathing as steady as ever, his eyes were still shut and his body was pliant. After so many decades sleeping together, it now took more than a silent nightmare to make Tony wake up in the middle of the night. Tony rarely had trouble sleeping, could sleep through anything as long as Steve was right beside him.
“Are you happy?” Steve stilled Tony’s roaming hands with his own, his bright blue eyes digging deeply into bewildered brown.
Seeing Bucky again was unpleasant enough, hearing his voice more so. Wanting to keep this short Steve was curt with the explanations “I’m the Steve Rogers from an alternate dimension.” He simply said and waited for the cascade of questions that came with that. He answered them quickly and then when it looked like the other Steve might pass out, he excused himself.
“I want you for you. I miss the sound of your voice Tony. I’m keeping you like this because I know you’d bolt the moment you had the chance not because I like it.”
Sure he’d learned to endure it, the long days at the mansion with no other child to play with, the days in his room spent soldering tiny circuits together. There had been reprieves from the loneliness in boarding school, mischief brought children together after all, but the breaks were short-lived and the feeling endured.
While waiting for Harley’s little sister, ‘Arlen’ to come out, Tony gets the kid’s mom’s cell number and quickly texts her his name and address. He also sends her a picture of the three of them for good measure, figures she has the right to see the stranger who is taking her kids home with him. Harley’s sister is a dark haired little thing who hardly looks six. She has big brown eyes, a thin little face and a toothy-gap smile that charms Tony on the spot. Once everyone is inside and strapped in (Tony thanks the laziness that kept him from removing Siggy’s old booster seat like he should have done months ago), Tony drives home with two more kids than he started the day out with.
Eliza’s gaze took in the sight of Captain America without the slightest surprise. ‘She was briefed well’ Thought Steve.
“So, like, I asked him… like why are you so obsessed with me? And like, you know what he said? Cause you’re my girlfriend! I, like, didn’t even know we were going out!”
They grinned at each other like idiots before bursting into bellyful laughter, but they clung desperately to each other, their hands never far from skin.
He was especially fascinated with Steve’s explanation about multiple universes, tried to pry as much information away from him as he could about how the machine that brought Steve here worked. Unfortunately for Tony, Steve really didn’t know much about it. He hadn’t been directly involved in designing it after all.
That didn’t mean they were completely scot free but Steve just wanted to make it through the rest of the year without an incident. A good Commander was a master tactician, knew exactly when to strike and right now was not the time to move the waters.
Instinctively, the Commander placed a hand on his husband’s leg, enjoying the way the bone felt against his palm. Did all spouses love each other the same way he loved Tony? He doubted it. Just last week Clint had confessed that him and Laura had gotten into such a bad argument that Clint ended up staying at one their kid’s homes for a week.
Steve agreed with Tony, over half the team did in fact, Natasha, Clint, Sam and Rhodey nodded their heads but both Bucky and Cap refused to budge. They had to eventually, if they wanted to be on the team, but they weren’t happy about it.
In nineteen years together they’d never had such a fight. Tony yelled about being able to make his own decisions while Steve yelled about danger. Tony yelled about being a grown-ass adult and Steve yelled about the danger of it, about what could happen.
“Thor happened, sweetheart.” He tells her and plants a big kiss on her cheek in consolation. If Siggy wanted Thor be jealous of Stephen, then those hopes have just been irreversibly dashed. From now on, Tony’s sure that Thor will take on a leadership role in the Stephen Strange fan club.
It occurred to Steve then that he no longer had to worry about telling Tony half-truths about his parents’ death. He wouldn’t need to feign guilt at learning of their terrible demise and chase after the Winter Soldier under the pretense of vengeance. Suddenly feeling quite perked up, Steve leaned in to kiss Tony’s full lips. Could people get better looking with age? He wondered. He himself barely aged at all and all those around him who had had seemed all the lesser for it. But not Tony, no, with each year his boy grew more handsome, more charming, more himself. Steve pecked the full lips against his, pecked the nose and the cheeks. They had dinner plans with Maria and Howard that weekend, to celebrate Tony’s third PhD. He would worry about how this would affect his plans then, for now he tore himself apart with an apology and went to pack a quick bag.
Steve did reach out to grab Tony’s hand then, his fingers coiling around Tony’s fisted hand. Immediately Tony recoiled at the touch but Steve followed the hand, not letting it escape the warmth of his palm.
Steve Stark would do everything in his power to keep them well away from what he’d rightfully earned.
“Nothing… He’s like a lost cat looking for the perfect home. I know he’ll text from time to time, but once he’s back in his scene, it’ll be easier for him to move on to the next candidate in his endless search for the ‘ideal’ family.”
He sounded cocky and mischievous but it frayed on the sides. Steve finished shaving, giving Tony time to wash his teeth. They were still squeezing into Tony’s old room and ensuite in the old manor, they’d meant to find a condo closer to the city but they’d never had the time. Looking at the brand new worry lines around Tony’s eyes Steve knew they needed to start thinking about a place to live that wasn’t New York. They needed to find a place where Tony could relax.
Unfortunately Tony didn’t know her at all so Steve had to endure the proverbial cold shoulder all day. When they finally made it home later that day, no sooner was JARVIS saying “Welcome home Sirs” that Steve took hold of Tony’s forearms in a strong, unyielding grip.
Tony grinned showing teeth but both their thoughts went back to the robots back in their Cambridge apartment.
“Just like that? You don’t even know what I’m planning to do with the armour… or do you? You do don’t you? I did the same thing in your dimension didn’t I?”
Smiling, Steve pushed off the covers and got on his feet, leaving Tony alone to collect his thoughts and make his way back to his own bedroom.
Harley knows he’s going to say yes, of course he is, his whole world revolves around the girl in front of him, but he still takes his time saying yes… for effect.
Tony has crossed his arms and straightened his legs. He’s looking at Steve with eyes full of resolve and a question that is eating him alive.
It was the pain in Steve’s voice that stirred something in Tony, stirred his humanity, his care, his compassion. They were standing so close together, their body heat leaking into each other’s, their breaths mingling so intimately that when Steve stepped back Tony almost fell over. A heartbeat later Steve was heading to the bathroom door with conviction.
Steve had never told Tony about Pepper, had never even mentioned the name and yet he’d been right there when Tony decided her name was going to be Pepper and refused to refer to her as anything but that.
By the end of the third day Tony was feeling well enough to start trailing a line of sweet kisses up and down Steve’s throat and when greedy hands reached past Steve’s boxers, he knew Tony would be just fine.
“I hope I don’t regret it.” Stephen’s eyes cast an anxious glance at the children pottering around his living room and balcony.
“Really Steve?” Natasha looks about ready to cause Steve bodily harm and Tony wonders if they discussed this while they were in their car… on their way here… from New York… where Steve is apparently divorced from Peggy Carter.
Steve whispered and as Tony pulled back to follow the instruction Steve lifted him into his arms by taking a hold of the younger man’s thighs. Tony’s legs automatically wrapped around his hips and the position kept the towel safely between them as they left the bathroom. Steve should have taken Tony to his room, but he didn’t. Instead, Steve took Tony back to Steve’s room where he removed the towel and tucked him into bed. He then climbed under the covers and arranged Tony so his head was pillowed against Steve’s left pectoral while his naked body was pressed against Steve’s left side.
The girl looked to be in her mid-twenties. She had dark black hair, caramel coloured skin and the look of Regime-raised all over. She walked like a soldier and said nothing as Commander walked her to one of the couches. Once they were all settled, Steve retracted the armour.
Despite his urgency, High Commander Rogers took a moment to behold the Iron Man carved in marvel looming over them. It was an exquisite work of art, all smooth lines and careful detail. It made him think back to the first time he entered Tony’s workshop at the old tower. He focused in on the memory of Tony hammering away at a piece of metal to test its strength, goggles firmly in place, hair slick with sweat.
Thus the sleeping children are all transferred to the guest bedroom to sleep off their sugar-filled day while the adults clean up the living room and kitchen. Three pairs of experienced hands make quick work of the task however, and soon Stephen is finally opening up a nice bottle of wine at two-thirty in the morning.
He means the question more for Nat and Bruce than for the other two. After all, he hasn’t spoken to Steve in almost eleven years and Loki for even longer than that, but it’s Steve who answers.
“What are you smirking about old man?” There’s teasing warmth in Stephen’s tone and Tony feels free to release his laughter.
Likewise, the more Tony looked the harder he seemed to obsess over Steve’s behaviour. If someone had asked him a year ago who held the whip in their relationship, he would have automatically replied that it was Steve. After all, it was Steve who woke him up every morning, Steve who prepared his coffee, Steve who insisted on making breakfast and sometimes suggested a particular suit for Tony to wear. It was Steve who called lunch time and dinner time and break times. It was Steve who knew where everything in the tower was and who reminded Tony of important things. Steve managed their whole lives and Tony had never minded one tiny little bit.
Now manicured fingers found Steve’s full, rosy lips, tracing them as if he couldn’t see them at all. Tony’s hands were a contradiction, always so well manicured and yet so callused from his work. Steve puckered his lips, kissing the digits. With one step forward, Tony straddled Steve’s thighs, his knees digging on the couch cushions. He ran his hands through blonde hair, traced the smooth skin around Steve’s eyes and forehead.
He steps back, milk in hand and lets the refrigerator door snap closed. He’s turning back to the counter, thoughts already on the smoothie recipe ‘add two cups of almonds…’ when a large, warm hand stops him cold. He feels the hand dip beneath his boxers, inside the crack between his butt cheeks and feels a finger run over the swollen rim.
The words were pressed against Steve’s chin and Tony once again marveled at how easily Steve flipped him so they faced each other.  Keeping the weight off his knees, Steve bent his legs high enough to support the bulk of Tony’s weight while also pushing his own erection in between Tony’s thighs. The feeling of his skin against Tony’s silk-thin skin was soon enough to throw him into an orgasmic frenzy. While it had never taken much for Tony to send Steve into an orgasm, it seemed easier to accomplish it now than ever. They made out for a long time after that. Kissed and caressed until Tony’s lower back cramped and Steve carried him to the bed to properly dry him off.
Steve recovered quickly, extended his hand, ignored Natasha’s sudden interest in the tall blonde man in the room. She’d probably been assigned to keep an eye on Tony, but if she could manage to manipulate Tony’s partner then all the better.
That had been a decade ago, which meant Bruce had abandoned that idea before he got too interested in it. It probably helped that General Ross had been dead for years by then. “I like Bruce, he’s nice.”
It had first hit him while unpacking his belongings in his new room at the Compound. He thought about how Pepper and Tony never made it to their wedding, how he’d never get to see Tony’s eyes crinkle at something funny or hear his voice say “Cap”.
Tony was still in a state of shock, as he had been since the police knocked on their door to deliver the terrible news. He’d broken down crying every now and then but then he’d settle back down and a dazed look took over. For his part Steve was simply concentrating on keeping the vultures away from Tony. It wasn’t hard, he made an intimidating picture in his black suit and piercing blue eyes. Most people assumed he was Tony’s bodyguard, the ones who knew who he was assumed he was being a supportive friend. Not even Peggy Carter knew about their romantic relationship, which Steve was glad for since it meant being able to be with Tony without getting judgemental eyebrow raises for it.
They both know that’s a lie, but Tony isn’t angry about it. Natasha had always been more of Steve’s friend than his, so it’s no surprise she’s chosen Steve over him.
Despite Steve’s optimism, the first time Tony saw Cap pressing a chaste kiss to Eliza’s lips at an Avengers party just two weeks later, he cringed.
His glassy, red tinted eyes look over the expensive suit and tie. “So I can see. What brings you here?”
It takes two more hours before Tony is finally able to lie down on the living room couch, a now empty glass of wine by his side. He and Stephen put the kids to bed early and while he knows that they will be up chatting for half the night, Tony doesn’t care. His daughter is upstairs, safe and in good company. He can’t ask for more.
The silence that followed was deafening in comparison to the anger that had just left. Tony knew he should do something, move at least, but he just didn’t seem to manage it. He thought about going back downstairs, pretend he didn’t hear anything but…
Tony didn’t demand explanations, didn’t ask Steve why he never left Tony alone in the same room with Cap or Bucky, didn’t even comment on the way Steve’s hands kept reaching out for his husband whenever either of the two was near.
He’d always wanted to know what Tony would have looked like at sixty-six. Had spent hours in between lulled battles wondering if Tony’s laugh lines would have felt like wrinkled paper or silk (silk, the answer was silk).
“No Sir. But the damage will be great. Emergency procedures have already been activated all over the planet. They are getting ready for the worst, Sir.”
He grows used to the days when Tony curls up on the floor and cries because he broke yet another thing. He grows used to the way Tony fits in the curve of his neck and the taste of his frustrated tears.
“Naw, it’s fine. I slept 10 hours straight before we hit the road and we took a break just an hour ago… before he took the Nighquill.”  Steve laughed in a fond sort of way. As if he was letting the officer in on some sort of inside joke. For his part the officer, a man in his mid-thirties simply nodded his head.
At twenty-five Tony Stark was the most beautiful thing Steve had ever seen. The well groomed balbo beard gave him a look of sophistication and accentuated the shapeliness of his lips. He cut a particularly pretty picture in ratty jeans and t-shirt, running his hands full of sunscreen all over Steve’s skin. Steve wanted to keep him like this forever, he wanted to freeze this universe in this particular moment and just live here forever. He knew it couldn’t be done, but how he loved these sun-filled days with just him and Tony in the house.
Steve found himself feeling relieved. Pepper was slowly becoming protective her boss although she seemed to naturally gravitate towards Steve. She worked hard, pushed Tony when she needed to and knew when to go to Steve for help. She gave them their space, respected their privacy and enjoyed unique relationships with each of them. A year into her employment JARVIS was finally operational and Pepper had fit herself comfortably into their lives. A month later in the newspaper, a small article appeared announcing the unfortunate death of Aldrich Killian from a severe asthma attack.
Tony smiled warmly and risked patting Bucky’s upper arm in a friendly manner. There were days when Tony wondered what being friends with Cap and Bucky would have been like. Would they have gotten along well? Would they have been at each other’s throats all the time? He’d never dared get too close out of respect for his husband, but sometimes he wondered.
“Arlen!” Vivi exclaims, utterly scandalized by the targeted rudeness, but it’s all drowned out by the laughter that follows. Tony has no idea who is laughing harder (maybe it’s him) but Loki, Bruce and Natasha are all shaking with it. Even Steve is cracking a smile although Thor looks completely bewildered. But as offended as Vivi sounds, she doesn’t make the girl apologize for it either. Instead she ushers her children down the hall and up the stairs to the second floor.
She delivers a loud smooth on his cheek which makes him laugh, and steps back to greet her son and adopted niece.
“Harley’s mom’s an OR nurse! But she has an emergency surgery to do so she can’t come pick up Harley and his sister, can they come home with us Daddy? Their Mom can pick them up at our house after the surgery’s done.”
“You’re in luck!” Johann’s smile pulls at the scars on his cheeks, making it look like a painful grimace. “I’ve got something at 7.”
There’s heavy steps on the floorboards, moving left… moving right. Getting ready. Tony wonders if he’s been heard.
Steve watched as Tony reshaped his company with maneuvers Steve had only thought possible in movies. He sat in meetings with the board, listened to Tony hatch out plans in their bedroom, went to meetings about logistics and acquisitions and profits until all they could manage to do at night was collapse on their bed and fall asleep. For eight months Tony and Steve focused on keeping SI afloat, they faced politicians, businessmen and boards together until they could carry out full conversations with each other with nothing but glances. Tony threw himself with such steadfast resolve to his vision that when Times magazine asked him to be their person of the year, no one was surprised.
Thor wraps and arm around Tony’s shoulders and together they make their way to the front of the house.
He muttered, his puffy lips and slow tongue barely making out the words. Taking off Tony’s stained shirt Steve opened the hot water spray, knowing it would come colder at first. He watched over Tony as the spray hit his body, soaking his jeans through and making Tony whimper in discomfort.
He left his room and headed down by way of the kitchen, told the cooking lady he’d be in the garden and stepped out into the sunshine. He walked a little, looked at the flowers, the trees, the sky… back at the house…
Tony remembered sitting on the swing set at the old Stark mansion, trying his best to build enough momentum to swing when his legs were too short and his weight too small.
“So, got any plans for the next couple of weeks?” Long, tender fingers run through Steve’s hair, front to back… front to back. It’s distracting enough that Steve can’t remember how he ended up here.
She nods and smiles in the wisest manner she can. She thinks back to just two days ago when she spent two hours watching a horror movie on the couch with her Uncle Stephen, yelling at the screen the whole time as they criticised the ghost’s lousy decision making skills. Yes, she thinks, of course money can’t buy happiness.
Rogers would never know happiness the way Steve Stark had, and he didn’t need to. Cap would be happy enough with Eliza, he would play house with her and enjoy their so-called relationship until eventually death called her too. The Commander would be long dead by then and Captain Rogers would need to learn how to be alone, the same way the Commander had learned.
Discovering something can sometimes be detrimental to one’s peace of mind. Like suddenly finding a miniscule crack in the bedroom ceiling and the more you look the bigger it seems to become, until you worry that after every single storm water will leak inside, that mould might grow, that the roof might cave in.
Laura halfheartedly slapped her husband’s hand in reprimand but they all burst into laughter. All except for Cap of course, which was to be expected. The humor that the founding members now shared was one born out of age and the painful acceptance of watching their bodies grow outside of their control. Cap wasn’t there yet, so the humor seemed unnecessarily dark to him.
“Agh, we gotta start looking for a place to live. Maybe a condo in Manhattan? Naw, we can afford a house, a nice redstone in Manhattan”
Some days he missed his parents desperately even after all this time, other days he was just angry he never got the chance to confront them. This unsettled him, made him mad.
With a swipe of his hand the holograms were gone, leaving behind only a sleek phone. Steve stepped around the couch and held out steady hands. Tony shared a grateful glance for the assist, his knees were not what they once were and this particular couch took a trick to get out of. But just as soon as Tony was pulled into a standing position, he sneaked two arms around Steve’s slim, built waist and smiled innocently up at his husband.
“Yes we do, they were very engaged in the West-Coast resistance about thirty years back until they were killed during the Battle of San Francisco. Her brother died with their parents, she survived.”
He nodded in acknowledgement and the aid retreated. High Commander Rogers looked out the window of the tower onto a cityscape full of high-rises. He allowed himself to drown in the memory of the dear face of someone from long ago, someone with mirthful eyes, a teasing smirk and a style of beard long since banned. With a sharp exhale he tore himself away from the window and marched to the elevator.
“But you just moved to Knoxville! What if something happens to you? Daddy, can they come home with us? Please!”
“Why Dr. Strange! Are you inviting me to share a bed with two men?” Vivi’s voice is pure glee at the scandal but Stephen is too tired to humour her.
This was his Tony, his husband, his love. This man in his arms was the holy grail at the end of his life-long journey, his heaven. But this life was soon coming to an end, this heaven was running its course. The skin of the arm across his chest was no longer plump and elastic. The face pressed against his neck had light creases and spots.
Pepper stopped by often, checked on how Tony was doing. Steve could tell she was surprised at how much the death of ‘the butler who raised him’ was hitting him. He could tell it made her change a pre-formed opinion of Tony, he wondered which one…
Tony registered with detached interest as Steve’s features hardened, his eyes sharpening with something that could have been violence. Then, just as quickly that violence vanished, and Steve crawled to his bedside. He kneeled forward and rested his torso on the soft bed by Tony’s shoulders before taking Tony’s right hand between his own.
“Peggy trust me, you don’t want to know. Just understand this… I know everything there is to know about SHIELD. I know all about what you did with Arnim Zola and every other dirty little secret SHIELD has. I have no interest at all in interfering with any of it but I expect the same courtesy to be extended to me.”
“Tell you what handsome, let’s start again. Hi, I’m Tony, I’m a scatterbrained genius who’s also Iron Man and I like coffee. Now who are you?”
“Everyone, this is my friend Vivi and her kids Harley…” Tony uses a free hand to ruffle Harley’s hair before bringing it back to rest on Arlen’s knee. “and Arlen. Vivi meet Bruce, Natasha, Steve, Thor and Loki.”
With that new thought, philosophical dissections on the concept of obsessions went out the window. Now Tony wondered how different his relationship was from other people’s.
Steve knew exactly what Tony was up to down in this workshop. He tried giving the genius some space to build the armour but after the first ‘thump’ Steve couldn’t help himself. He walked into the workshop amidst Tony doing a test run of the boot repulsors.
“It’s just tea, I swear. You need to drink plenty of liquids so your body flushes out the last of yesterday’s meds. You won’t go into withdrawal because I’ve been weaning you off little by little but you still need to drink.”
The conviction in Tony’s voice is as true as steel, a principle from which Tony has built his whole life around.
“That’s not what I mean! Look, I know I have a temper and I know I’m stubborn as hell, but everything about you makes me feel better. I don’t know what it is about you, but there’s something… like the way you know how to give me space when I’m having a bad day! Or the way you always manage to fix everything… like remember last week when we went to the park and some asshole dumped all his fucking soda on me? I was about to punch the guy and you just… you just laughed and bought a water bottle and helped me clean up. I don’t know what it is about you Tony but you just… you’re perfect for me baby.”
“That gives us time to prepare.” Steve looked over at Tony. He’d retracted the armour, stood there in only jeans and a hoodie. There was kindness in his eyes, an apology directed at Steve for his sake. Steve smiled sadly at his husband. Eliza once again dropped to her knees.
Steve’s heavy footsteps echoed even against the hardwood, even after twenty-one years here he still walked like a commander.
There it was, that look of amused exasperation that kept showing up in Steve’s eyes as of late. It made him look decades younger. Then it hit Tony.
The commanding voice registered somewhere in his foggy brain and Tony slurred “yes”. Relieved, Steve moved the boy into his arms and carried him inside. Locking the door behind him, Steve went straight to the bathroom and deposited Tony into the empty tub.
“They are made from a highly concentrated metal not recognized in the known universe, Sir. Several planets have already tried destroying them with no success. Princes Thor, Loki and the Saviour known as Hulk have also tried.”
The guy, Vic, had been fighting to win, but Steve… he’d been fighting life itself. Every kick, punch and hit was not for Vic, no, it was retaliation for every shitty thing that’d happened to him since birth. Tonight, Steve’s finally gotten a little of his pride back.
Siggy’s ninth year brings new people into Tony’s tiny circle of friends. It’d never bothered him, this secluded existence he seems to be leading. After all, he spends most of his time being a Dad and keeping up with the daily grind to actually maintain any real friendships. He keeps good relations with the other school parents, goes to a few barbecues during the year and he knows his neighbours. To those who know Tony and Siggy superficially, he is just a single Dad looking after his daughter (“Where’s the Mom?” They always ask someone else. “She’s dead.” Someone always replies.) To those who know Tony and Siggy personally, he’s actually Siggy’s uncle, (“Where’s her mom?” They ask. “She was Tony’s sister. She passed years ago.” Someone replies).
It is the most heartfelt thank you that Tony has ever heard and it brings back the tears so quickly that he can barely see Thor.
The drive down to Tennessee does not feel like a hassle, even though he’s stopping regularly to check on the baby and is driving within the speed limit normally reserved for the elderly, he’s actually enjoying the trip. He doesn’t have to think about Steve here, doesn’t have to answer Helen Foster’s phone calls about signing more paperwork or think about what he should do with Jane’s ashes which Helen refuses to take. Here, it’s just Siggy and him in the car, listening to a 90’s music radio station as they head to their new life. Moving to Knoxville had not been Tony’s top choice, in fact, he waited until the last possible moment to accept the offer. He ultimately gave in because the company CEO assured him that he could work from home most days. He hopes the new house looks just like the pictures his realtor emailed, he knows he’s going to have to look around for new furniture in the coming days, he barely brought anything down with him. He opted against bringing anything that reminds him of Steve, and since the whole goddamn apartment reminded him of Steve, he left almost everything behind.
With the hope of maybe inducing some sort of mental breakdown, Steve made it his mission to parade as much ‘questionable’ behaviour before Steve Roger’s eyes as possible. From publicly kissing the breath of life out of his husband to accidentally offing one or five enemy hoodlums during missions (when the opportunity presented itself) the good Captain was at a complete loss as to how to deal with Steve Stark.
Steve had never missed cell phones more than he missed them now and watching the target vehicle make its way in a remote corner of what was still Czechoslovakia, Steve wished he could at least text Tony. Truthfully he didn’t care much about the SHIELD business Peggy had briefed him on. He knew it had something to do with blood they’d taken from Steve after he became a super soldier and Peggy had gone on and on about how important it was, until Steve pointed out she could draw as much of his blood as she wanted. Her reaction to that fact had been interesting, as if she finally realized what the implications of him being here meant.
“Yes! But…” Tony could tell he was hitting a dead end. “Ok…ok Steve, I need you to tell me the truth, the whole truth and nothing but truth ok?”
Waiting was easier than Tony ever would have thought, it was as if every crazy drive, every desire, every restless thought had been surgically removed from his soul, leaving behind a single minded focus on the here and now. Whatever meds Steve was feeding him left him feeling as if he was high on cough syrups with a side of antidepressants. He was numb, but he liked cuddles and warmth and sweet kisses on his face. He liked eating the food Steve prepared for him (all his favorites) and he liked how much Steve doted on him. His fifteen-year old self relished Steve’s attention, suckled on the sweet nectar of his utter regret. He drank Steve’s fervent confessions: “Was such a fucking fool” and “I never should have left” and “I’m so sorry sweetheart.” So more time passed, Tony couldn’t tell how much but he could smell the air changing whenever Steve left his barred window open to allow fresh air in. It smelled crisper, what he assumed was less pine-y and it troubled him at first, made him wonder how long he’d been here already, suspended in dazed version of himself. It surprised him when one early morning he woke up with his feet frozen cold and shivering under a blanket.
A dark eyebrow rose in interest. “Is that right?” Amused, Tony turned to share a look with his husband but Steve’s patient demeanor seemed strange all of a sudden. “What is it?”
Tony continued starting at Steve until the reference to his kidnapping snapped him out of his surprised daze.
“Not on purpose, but I’ve hurt you by not realizing what you’ve been doing all these years. You always look after me Steve, but who looks after you?”
“No one will ever hurt you again baby.” Steve whispers as he feels Tony’s tears smearing on his neck.
“Alaska and Em came to see you this morning while you were asleep. They asked me to give you their love.”
His phone rings. It’s five thirty, Tony must be wondering where he is, but Steve doesn’t want to pick up the phone in this place. Instead he takes it out, watches it ring… waits until it’s done. Then he starts texting.
The call comes from the front of the house, where they all seem to have clustered together in an effort to give the two some space.
He was barefoot and the floor beneath him was hardwood, it looked clean and new. The blue walls had recently been painted, he could tell by the lack of marks on them. There was a little window with steel bars high up on one of the walls, from which the last or the first of yellowish sun rays shone through.    Tony ran a hand over the white covers of the bed, they smelled clean and the bed was soft. It was meant to be comforting, he realized. The clean bed, the blue walls, the little window, it was as if whoever was doing this was planning on keeping him for a long time. The thought didn’t scare him as much as it should have, mostly because he felt so drowsy and also so very hungry.
As the weather turns colder and the holiday season startles itself awake, they come up with the idea of holding a Christmas dinner. Steve can taste Tony’s excitement on his skin and wonders at the change that one year can make. Just a year ago they’d spent Christmas huddled in a cocoon of sanctuary as the uncertainty of Tony’s condition ate them alive. This year however, things could not be any more different.
Steve could just picture it now, him and Tony living together, eating together, watching movies on the couch… just like old times. Just like at the beginning before things went so wrong. Maybe he could even convince Tony that they could be… more.
Thankfully for everyone involved, the full weight of it hit the genius while he laid awake in bed, Steve’s heavy rhythmic breathing beside him. He felt his legs go weak despite the position, felt his chest grow heavy and felt tears running down his temples. Getting a reign on his muscles, Tony forced himself to sit up and walk toward the bedroom windows.
Rhodey leaned in to hug Steve hello and they all stood together watching Tony make ridiculous baby talk. Best of all however, was seeing Alaska’s interested little face as she watched her uncle make a fool of himself for her. She watched, fascinated, as words came out of his mouth and laughed at everything that sounded even remotely funny. This Alaska Rhodes was the very definition of a happy baby.
“Oh I know… I betrayed you, crushed you, scarred you. I made you weary of trusting anyone with your heart. I know how much I hurt you Tony, that’s why I chose to do this. I want to make it up to you.”
The Commander ran gentle fingers through Tony’s silver hair. Taking special care to press down, gently but firmly over certain areas, aware of their propensity for causing his beloved migraines.
Things change a bit in the Stark-Foster household after Tony’s birthday celebration. They’re subtle changes, nothing so grand that anyone would notice. Siggy, however, does indeed notice. She notices the way her Daddy doesn’t get quite so lost in thought anymore. In the way he sometimes smiles to himself instead of pursing his lips as if he’s gotten a papercut. She notices in the way he teases her Aunt Vivi and Uncle Stephen more often. He even tells her the story about the first time he met her biological Dad Thor, and how her parents’ first date has been a double date with her Daddy and his old boyfriend. Sigrid is over the moon with the changes, particularly as she notices her Uncle Stephen is staying the night more and more often. She’s tempted to ask her Daddy if Uncle Stephen and him are boyfriends now, but she senses it’s a touchy subject and lets it be.
Wrapping his thick muscular arms around Tony, Steve pulled the boy closer until their naked chests pressed together.
Tony knew she was tweaking her response for his sake. Had this been anyone else she may have answered differently, might have told them that absolutely everyone always argues and not doing so was a sign of something… but Pepper loved them too much to purposefully introduce even the air of doubt into Tony and Steve’s relationship. She often commented on how well they complimented each other, how great Steve was at taking care of Tony.
“Nothing we could find. She was very young when her parents died and she was brought up in a Regime-run orphanage.”
Steve touched Tony more after that, sweet, chaste touches that left Tony feeling reluctantly comforted. Steve’s favorite thing to do now was read to Tony with his head on the blonde’s lap. When he got tired of that he put Tony’s head on his chest and read aloud while running his fingers through the brown hair that still had some blonde dye left at the tips. With each passing day Tony was beginning to wonder if Steve was trying to create a human cat. Steve was all gentle touches and soft kisses to temples, cheeks, nose and hands. He was all about feeding Tony, reading to Tony, taking care of Tony so much so that it took Tony longer than it should have to realize he was feeling less clumsy one late afternoon. His mind was also sharper, he could remember what he’d had for lunch (a chicken sandwich) and the chapter of the Da Vinci code Steve had read to him earlier that day.
There’s pictures of her Daddy in High School, pictures of him in College, pictures of him on outings and vacations. He is always with someone, with people named Sam and Bucky, Scott, Clint, Darcy, the Banners and a few with her Mom and her biological dad. There are traces of her Daddy everywhere, little footprints as light as paws on a dusting of snow.
Knowing their history, their dynamic, Steve wasn’t really surprised when he found Tony cursing Captain America to hell and back in his workshop two weeks later.
“I get that but does she really need to have volunteered two years in South America building houses for orphans?”
“I couldn’t be someplace that didn’t have you in it Tony, I already lived without for too long. So you see, you’re not keeping me back and I’m not babysitting you. You’re it for me, you’re my reason for breathing.”
He hit the break and turned the bike to allow the drag of the soil to slow him down. It took a while, the weight of the bike being what it was but he managed to come to a full stop right below the ad bearing the face of Tony Stark. The ad was for the newest Stark Industries phone and it starred Tony, looking confidently into the horizon, a sleek thin glass phone in his hand. He looked the very picture of self-confidence and success which was probably the reason why they chose to go with him instead of some model but it was his eyes that made Steve remember.
With the keys to unknown secrets at her fingertips, Siggy explores. She soon maps out what she titles a ‘Friendship Map’ that goes from Bruce and Natasha Banner, to others and starts the time consuming investigative work of unearthing her Daddy’s past. Thankfully, it doesn’t take her long to strike with ancient treasure: pictures.
“Well he is a surgeon darlin’; he can afford to.”  Vivi explains which causes Tony to snort in response.
High Commander Rogers honest-to-goodness chuckled into the girl’s dark hair. Her natural tendencies of force feeding those she cared about made him feel like that trait had been hard wired onto Pepper and Rhodey’s DNA from the start.
He slapped the paper down in front of Tony with the biggest smile. Then with a dramatic sigh, Tony read through the three page, impeccable looking work manifesto.
“Thor you can’t” Loki sounds annoyed by the suggestion, like this is a conversation they’ve had and cleared before coming here.
He was lying on Steve’s bed, sleeping beside Steve… naked. As his body began to tense and panic settled in, Steve turned to his side and opened his brilliant blue eyes.
“You won’t be old, you’ll just be forty-nine.” He leaned in to kiss Tony on the cheek, nuzzled the spot he kissed with his nose.
“There’s no need! Besides you already told Pepper you’d go with her to see the Mayor. Come on Steve, I’m a big boy, I can handle the Captain and his sidekick just fine on my own!”
“Three-hundred and eighty days Uncle Steve. The timing will be perfect then, plus we need to make sure it’s stable and doesn’t implode.”
Finally, once the food has been consumed and the sun is marking the incoming late afternoon, Bruce clears his throat.
With a steady pace High Commander Rogers stepped into the circle of swirling light and walked until there was no more ground beneath his feet, until he was plummeting down what looked to be a nighttime sky.
Tony Stark would see his father’s legacy burn to the ground as retribution for killing his mother. Tony Stark would destroy his father’s source of pride if only to rebuild it as his own.
“They most certainly are! It is an honour to meet you! I would love to discuss some of the therapies with you…” Thor looks so completely besotted that Tony wants to throw his head back and laugh.
It was 4:14am, January 1st 2000 when Tony whispered the question close to Steve’s ear on the pillow they were sharing. They’d dozed off shortly after sex but obviously Tony was still too buzzed to stay asleep.
When their plane landed back in Massachusetts on Sunday afternoon, Steve had made up his mind about the Howard situation.
“But hey, what she doesn’t know won’t give her high blood pressure, right?” Tony looks at Siggy, watching her take in his words, waiting for her to register the question behind them. She looks back at him, a decision already made.
“Go sit down.” She winks at him as she says it, a smile on her lips. Tony can only nod and hold on to Arlen as he walks to the living room and does just that. Siggy is quick to take a seat beside him and on her other side, a scowling Harley squeezes in. It’s a tight fit for a two-seater but he honestly couldn’t care less. He maneuvers Arlen so she’s draped across his lap and although she’s no longer sleeping, she seems perfectly content to stay where she is.
“My mission is coming along very well High Commander, however he recently expressed a desire for us ‘to go public’ and I’m…. unsure.”
It’s the anguish behind Steve’s tone that managed to shake Tony to his very core. The angry wail, (half sob, half scream) thundered inside their home in a horrible acoustic concerto. These walls had never known fury like this before, until now.
There was something new in Steve’s eyes, something wild and panicked, as if something was coming undone.
There was pure teenage level teasing in Tony’s voice and half the group cracked up in delighted laughter.
It’s a fun project and he loves watching the little terrors figure it out. Arlen for her part stays out of it, finding all the entertainment she needs in game apps involving pet care and virtual home design. Tony loves her all the more for it, he doesn’t know what he would do if she too was obsessed with making as much noise as humanly possible.
That day Obadiah left the house pale and shaking with anger while upstairs, Tony Stark finally breathed.
“That, is up to Tony.” And with that Steve Stark marched right out of the gym, his steps so heavy Cap could feel the ground beneath him shaking.
Vivi’s voice cuts through the silence like a violin note. She’s descended from the second floor with Arlen in her arms and Harley close behind her. Her long brown hair is pulled up in a messy high bun and she’s still wearing the same tanktop and short-shorts she went to bed in just five hours earlier.  She walks over, confident as anything and hands him a sleepy seven year old.
“I’m gonna need to go with Cap and Bucky to Staten Island on Thursday. I need to get some readings and soil samples from the area.”
Smelling an opportunity when he saw one, Steve thought it the perfect timing to introduce Pepper and Rhodey. Tony was still feeling too sad to act territorial so he sent Rhodey off to New York with Pepper to close a sponsorship deal.
Beside Steve, Tony didn’t stir. The rhythmic fall and rise of his chest was the only indication that he was alive and well. Before leaving New York, Steve had placed a travel pillow around Tony’s neck and wrapped a blanket around his legs, making him look so natural it was heartbreakingly adorable. He was glad for it when they were pulled over by a patrol car in the outskirts of New Hampshire.
He observed Tony, focused on the frown lines that were beginning to stay and the laugh lines which were already there. At thirty Tony was most definitely a different person than the original Tony Stark had been. They behaved slightly differently too. When his Tony got frustrated he came to Steve, when the original Tony was frustrated he went out looking for a distraction. Could Steve’s presence really have changed Tony’s personality? He was still the same cocky, sarcastic pain in the ass he’d always been and yet there was a gentleness to him that hadn’t been there before.
Ten o’clock. For the first time in forever Tony knew it was exactly ten in the morning because the large clock on Steve’s wall said so. Tony moved his gaze to the other’s man’s sleeping face and thought about how once upon a time Tony had loved waking Steve up in different ways, sometimes with kisses, others with blow jobs and on one especially memorable occasion, he’d been able to get Steve hard enough and himself prepped quickly enough that he’d downright sunk into Steve for full on sex before the blonde even opened his eyes.
Tony felt as he was lowered down onto a bed and was just starting to untangle himself from the blankets when he heard Steve close and lock the door.
The day Tony was set to arrive Steve felt nervous for the first time in fifty years. He wanted… no, he yearned to just…. to just look at Tony smile one more time, to hear his voice, to know they were breathing the same air.
But Steve didn’t say anything, instead he walked over to Pepper, dropped a kiss on her slightly freckled forehead and smiled.
The punishments for breaking any laws, however, were still often final and usually painful beyond words.
“Was less exciting and more frustrating than anything. But enough about me, how’re you feeling Tones?”
Steve couldn’t be prouder. If only his staff worked as hard as his Tony did, he’d be a billionaire by now.
Vivi Keener is standing before him, wearing a blue sleeveless sun dress and a smile that would make the sun jealous. She walks closer, and like an opposing force magnet Tony can’t help but meet her in the middle. Vivi’s hugs are the stuff of children books, they are like the warmest blanket in the coldest winter’s night. She draws him in and whispers ‘Happy Birthday baby” with that sweet Louisiana drawl of hers (slightly faded after decades of living north) that makes him believe that everything, regardless of how bad it is, will always be ok.
It occurred to Steve that Tony might have been asking about his own death, but Steve found no point is talking about that. After all, they’d duplicated Earth but not the whole of the universe. There was yet to be anything to suggest that Thanos would attack in 2018, nor proof of a duplicate Asgard or Xandar. Neither Valeria Richards, nor Vision nor Alaska had been able to provide him with clear answers regarding the extent of the dimensional duplication but it didn’t matter. It wasn’t the kind of thing one could miss.
As the dining room table and the kitchen return to a tidy state, the visitors shift to say their goodbyes. Hugging Natasha and Bruce goodbye is easy for Tony and Sigrid, they exchange pleasantries and part with Natasha promising, one again, to be back soon with their baby. As the Banners move away to say goodbye to Stephen and the children, Loki comes forth next. He smiles charmingly down at his niece before kneeling down to her level and opening his arms theoretically wide. Eyes sparkling, Sigrid takes the invite with a laugh and they hug with such sincere affection that Thor is left nursing visible jealousy. While to them all it may look like Siggy and Loki have hit it off, Tony knows the truth behind the affection; Loki is just too damn good looking to refuse a hug from. While both Jane and Tony had preferred blondes, Sigrid’s tastes already seem to veer toward tall, dark and handsome.
“I don’t care, we’re talking about it. You think I’ve never been kidnapped and tortured before in my life? I was in a Hydra prison cell for sixteen months Tony.”
Just ten months after Howard Stark drove himself and his wife into a tree, the company he’d started had been gutted and rebuilt by his son. A month after that, Obadiah Stane died from what was deemed a heart attack in his New York home.
Steve has turned his head to look at his love and Tony knows just by seeing his face that Steve will not accept bullshit.
“Hey Tony.” Then spotting Siggy still firmly sitting on her father’s lap he frowns “Siggy, everything ok?”
They walked down the aisle with Tony looking like he could fly without armour and Steve’s gaze fixed on Tony's face.
After all these years Tony knew where it was best not to go, after all, he trusted Steve more he trusted himself.
The calm in Tony’s voice, the warmth and love made Steve’s grip slacken until Tony was able to slide his arms around Steve’s neck. The touch calmed Steve, especially as Tony’s hands buried in the blonde tresses. They sat there, on the floor whispering small likes and dislikes to each other until the need to use the bathroom led them to their feet.
“It’s wintertime out there, there’s over five feet of snow that’ve accumulated so there’s no point in trying to run away. I need you to promise me you won’t do anything stupid.”
There were curious glances from what had to be drug dealers and their clients but he looked imposing enough that no one said anything. The dealer by the far side wore a large baggy coat that screamed 80’s fashion and Steve sighed in relief. He walked quickly, with purpose and with an attitude that made more than one hoodlum retreat. He walked until he spotted a lone yellow cab, he hailed it by almost stopping right in front of it and while the driver yelled at him for it, Steve shook an old hundred dollar bill in the cabbie’s face.
A full smile did then bloom on the High Commander’s face, “That’s great news Vision, great news indeed”
Her eyes flooded with tears but she was quick in schooling them back in place. Not wanting to weaken her further the High Commander stood up, gave Alaska a quick nod and turned to leave her office. It was Tony who’d taught him that people could remain even if they were not physically there. Not because he’d ever said it to him, but by example.
It was a loaded question, Vision knew. Say too little and the High Commander would freeze him out, say too much and he’d get jealous.
Slowly Steve brought them out of the kiss, soothing his lust with small pecks to Tony’s swollen lips.
“It’s ok, really! We’ll just take the bus home, we do it all the time.” The kid, Harley assures Tony, embarrassment colouring his face.
The trip downstairs with Tony in his arms was painfully familiar. It was part of their normal routine, so much so that they’d never bothered installing a lift to their bedroom. “What for? I have my personal elevator right here.” Tony had said. This sunrise however, Steve didn’t stop at ground level, instead he took a turn to the side hallway that led to a part of the house that had been locked for years, Tony’s lab.
“Not today. The new energy grid is not going to be approved this year Tony, we have plenty of time.”
It was obvious by the look on Tony’s face that this wasn’t going how he thought it would go. The nineteen year old had prepared himself for rejection, he’d held himself stiff on the chair, eyes sharp, jaw locked as if heading into battle. Now his eyes were wide, face shocked into relaxation and hands around a mug that read ‘Mad Genius’... speechless.
After that conversation Steve would never again be able to sleep without running a hand over Tony’s chest. His hand would come to rest over the centre of Tony’s sternum, where the old Arc Reactor had been embedded. He would keep his hand there, waiting for sleep to come and reassured himself that Tony’s heart remained undamaged.
Tony never bothers telling anyone the whole truth, it’s not any of their business after all. It’s not until Vivi Keener and her two spawn come along that Tony’s world is cracked wide open in a way it hasn’t been in almost a decade. Tony meets Harley Keener first, he’s a small kid, all baggy clothes, a backpack that it’s obviously being hoped he’ll grow into at some point in the next century, and a look of sadness in his eyes that is out of place in a nine year old. The kid is being dragged forward, by the hand, by an excited Siggy who proudly introduces her new friend to Tony.
He was sticky with blood, hungry, thirsty and wanted nothing more than to go home and see Tony. On the table in front of Steve, were five black cases carrying a myriad of vials, journals and technology belonging to the un-named ‘enemy’ Steve knew as Hydra.
She took to planning the lavish affair with Tony as if she was organizing a merger. There were meetings and committees and color schemes until Steve finally threw his hands in the air and butted out. Eventually she grew so busy that Tony insisted she hire an assistant to help with some of the SI load, that assistant turned out to be Natalie Rushman.
This was the High Commander speaking, his voice cold, demanding… desperate. This was Tony’s very own beautiful monster.
He reached to squeeze the bridge of his nose but found his anti-glare glasses instead. Sighing he took them off, threw them on the holo-table with a careless clang. He looked back towards the right side of the room where Steve was hunched over his own laptop.
“Steve Rogers! You stinking, conniving ferret. You know her don’t you? No, you KNEW her. Was she my EA before, wasn’t she? Why didn’t you just offer her the job?”
They laughed together, a wonderfully rich sound that gave them both a powerful sense of safety. Then Tony pressed his face against Steve’s chest, over his heart and Steve buried his face in the smell of Tony Stark.
Tony looked at the surroundings, (as much as the darkness allowed) it was a large room with exposed wooden beams and log walls. It was simply decorated, rather minimalistic with just a large chest of drawers to one side. But there was no phone in sight, not even a computer or a TV.
There’s something hiding in Tony’s eyes… something Steve cannot pinpoint. It’s important, that’s obvious if Tony is taking such a stance, but it’s unknown.
Steve’s fingers could not pull the desired resumé fast enough. He held it like a winning lottery ticket and dumped the rest back on the coffee table.
No. Just one word and immediately he was overcome with vivid images of Tony Stark. Tony standing in the tower’s common room pointing at the sink and saying “No” with that short O and low tone. He’d learned it from Pepper, it had stuck because of Pepper… because it’d been her favorite word to use around Tony.
Without a hint of surprise or confusion the girl obeyed. “Sir, our dimension is in danger. There are a dozen large meteors heading our way. The situation is dire, the Council has called in help from its allies in space but no one is hopeful.”
Steve reluctantly agreed. It would look better for SHIELD if Pierce was killed by agents in self-defence.
“Yep. He’s in. Pretty sure he’s only doing it because he gets to tear at something that was Howard’s but he’s in.”
“Here it is officer” Steve took out both from the glove compartment and watched with a tired smile as the officer shone his flashlight at his credentials.
“Sound interesting…” But his train of through went elsewhere because Steve was standing right in front of him, his chest radiating a ridiculous amount of warmth through his cotton t-shirt. Without even a thought to the action, Tony pressed his palms against the warm torso. He ran patterns over the plains of the t-shirt, saw Steve close his eyes, enjoying the touch.
The choices he’d made had been made out of necessity, not immortality. The people he killed had been killed for the sake of future peace. He was an old man now even if he didn’t look a day over thirty-five and he was too weathered to explain his actions to anyone. It was with these thoughts in mind that the High Commander watched Valeria Richards start up the first ever dimension-creating machine. He watched it swirl to life as a great ball of light from the safety of an observation room. Beside him he heard Alaska gasp at the numbers flowing into the computer panels. The new dimension was taking root in an empty space between this dimension and another. An exact copy dimension of theirs was being born and he watched it happen with utter disbelief.
He must have cried, must have wailed because later, when the full force of the sun filled the bedroom with its splendor, Steve’s throat was raw. What Steve did not know then was that he’d also managed to break several of Tony’s ribs in his grief, but that wouldn’t matter. Sitting on the bed, with Tony’s corpse in his arms all that the old Commander could think of now was how long it would take him to rig up his plan.
Tony waited until they could share a friendly smile before rising to his feet. She was quick to follow but he gestured for her to stay as she was. Even without turning around Tony knew she was watching him leave the room.
“I can’t believe you just jumped right into an untested multi-dimensional portal without knowing anything about it!” Tony scolded him one Sunday morning as they sat together in the small kitchen having breakfast.
He is so distracted that when Thor suddenly traps Tony in a hug, all the air in Tony’s lungs is knocked free in an instant. He’s held there, wrapped in Thor’s powerful arms as his lungs recover air but instead of releasing him, Thor merely buries his face in Tony’s messy hair and exhales the wettest, most heartbreaking sound Tony has heard in a long time. Suddenly Tony finds himself pressed more firmly against Thor’s wide and warm chest, feeling the force of Thor’s controlled sobs pressing against his own chest until Tony doesn’t know whether they’re Thor’s or his own. He feels the pain in Thor’s embrace, and just like that, Jane is brought back to Tony’s eyes.
Steve was looking worried again. He was searching Tony’s eyes and seeing all the hesitance and chaos of Tony’s thoughts.
It was not pity, but it was tinted with pain. As if Tony had finally understood how much Steve’s personality was dependent on his husband. As if he was finally coming to understand that without Tony, there was no Steve.
After some struggle with the tangle of sheets Tony did as instructed and managed to drag himself to the side closest to the window. He laid down on sheets and pillow case that smelled like Steve and closed his eyes, falling asleep in seconds.
Thankfully for him, Sigrid is also (like her mother) naturally picky with her friendships. So although the girl is undoubtedly popular, she keeps a small close-knit group of friends and spares Tony the pain of having to put up with snotty little brats.
The girl blushed with excitement but Tony was not prepared for the way she rushed into his open arms. She placed her cheek against the side of his shoulder and held him with more strength than he thought possible from such a slim, tiny thing that she was. He hugged her back until she pushed away, tears in her eyes. “May happiness always rain upon you, Sir.” She whispered, a tear trailing down her powdered cheek.
Jaw locked tight, fists clenching and unclenching Steve marveled at the human stupidity that must have delivered the Winter Soldier in cryostatis right into the hands of SHIELD. He hadn’t decided yet on what to do with Bucky Barnes, had debated the usefulness of letting the assassin kill off Howard before capturing him himself. This certainly changed his plans and he was sure the change in the timeline was due to the Hydra base he’d destroyed a year ago.
She was on her feet in seconds, except unlike anyone else on the planet she made her way around the desk and continued forward until she had her arms wrapped around his neck. He returned the embrace, feeling the warmth of her shoulders in his palms through her stylish blouse. Her curly hair tickled his cheek and he breathed in her soft perfume, remembering how as a baby she’d smelled of baby powder.
Tony nodded and watched as Steve retreated back to the kitchen. Three months and a week… that’s how long he’d just learned he’d been in the cabin for already. According to Steve, the blame for Tony’s disappearance had gone to the terrorist organization Hydra, then when Hydra claimed it wasn’t them, they’d passed the blame to another organization by the name of AIM. Finally the investigation had degraded into a game of terrorist hot potato that had the media reeling with speculation.
All his careful planning was about to pay off and Steve felt giddy at the proximity of climax. In exactly thirteen days Steve would finally have Tony Stark in his arms.
Mr. Rogers runs a tight ship. He likes to know everything going on behind the scenes, likes to know his staff… have a good sense of what they do, when they do it and how they do it. He’s not an easy boss, even he’ll admit to that, but he’s also not an unreasonable person.
“The rest of our lives. Things will get bumpy in a few years but I’m not leaving you and you’re not leaving me.”
Steve smiled wider, the joy staying in his face instead of fading away. ‘Use this Stark, make him trust you. The more comfortable he gets the more he’ll let his guard down’
“No… are YOU hungry?” Tony tipped the jaw beneath his hands to look into blue eyes. This was a well-rehearsed exercise now, one Steve knew the flow of well enough to react to it honestly.
It’s Tony’s worry that finally snaps Steve out of nonchalance. He looks at his partner, his love, his life and sees the worry in those big brown eyes. He knows Tony is already thinking of a million possible outlandish outcomes; of some bookie blackmailing Steve into more fighting, of a mob boss beating down their door for retribution.
Tony is hoping to milk it for a good ten more years, though Vivi will never abide by it of course. While Tony watches Arlen devour her sandwich in the most un-princess like manner possible, he wonders what Vivi and Stephen have planned for tonight. They very specifically told him not to make plans for his birthday but all he knows is that Vivi will be picking him and the kids up at six. He suspects that dinner will be involved and possibly cake. He hopes they’re not going to a restaurant, not because he dislikes the establishments but because the list of restaurants one can successfully take three kids under the age of eleven to, is rather limited.
“She called to ask for my permission the first time Rogers asked her out. I didn’t mention it because I didn’t think anything would come from it.”
He could go upstairs, confront his husband, demand an explanation, tell him he had no right to listen in or… he could just go upstairs and find out how Steve’s day went. He could go right into Steve’s arms, could ask what they were having for dinner, could just… not fight. With a sigh and shrug, Tony already knew which one he wanted. Plus, if Steve wanted to tap his phone, Tony would have a hell of a lot more fun with it next time.
After the ceremony they were all ushered into the reception hall where the gaudiest coloured drapery decorated the chairs and tables. Pepper looked almost apologetically at Steve for the tones of ruby red and gold that bathed the hall.
Steve took to the role of ‘fun’ older friend easily. He’d enjoyed spending time with the boys, joining in on the teasing, letting them have their fun nights out and nursing their hangovers. He gave them a wide berth to be their stupid selves but at the same time treated them like equals. Rhodey worshipped Steve, thought him the best soldier in US Military history and made it a point to listen to the great Captain America. So when Steve took hold of the young man’s shoulder and assured him that Tony was in good hands, Rhodey went off to serve with a clear conscience.
“Good old Stevie. Doesn’t give a damn as long as he gets to beat someone up and make a buck off it.”
Deeper inside, hogging the comfortable couches were the rest of the founding members. Natasha (who had just come fresh off a hip replacement months ago) sat on her wheelchair beside her husband Bruce Banner. She got up every once in a while to get some movement into that hip but she seemed to be having a good time. Beside them also sat Clint, looking mobile and spry next to his wife Laura. Rhodey and Pepper sat on another couch, big smiles on their faces and they showed off something on Pepper’s phone (probably grandbaby pictures) to the others. Sam, as always, was the only one standing. He’d recently undergone a spinal surgery and appeared to be doing better than the Commander had seen in a long time.
“Because he offered to host and I wasn’t about to turn down a perfectly good invite to spend an evenin’ on the lap of luxury.”
The end product is decent, not professional, not bulletproof but decent enough for Bruce to believe it might be that Dr. Baker he met at that conference a few months back, or was it a few years back? Regardless, he accepts the friend request four days after receiving it (he doesn’t check every day) and spares it no further thought ever again.
He’d forgotten, forgotten what it felt like to have people trust him explicitly, unquestioningly. All he did was fulfill their expectations and suddenly the gates of both the Stark and SHIELD kingdoms were open to him by their keepers.
“We’ve talked about this Steve, it’s just a sandwich, it’s not like you’re serving me on a silver platter to be sacrificed to pagan gods. This isn’t about control, it’s just about you being hungry and not me.”
Tony Stark had once lived in the penthouse of a tall building overlooking all of Manhattan, he now lived on top of a mountain overlooking trees and a river. He’d not gone back to see his old kingdom in the last four years, but he’d still seen plenty of his old friends since. They came to stay with them sometimes, Sam and Thor, Clint and his brood, Natasha, Pepper, Peter, Rhodey and Bruce. They came to visit often enough, took the guest room that had once been Tony’s cell and talked for ages about how nice it was up here, how beautiful the trees were and how blue the sky was. They thanked Tony’s lucky stars that Steve had saved Tony from his AIM kidnappers (for the organization had eventually claimed the feat) and enjoyed getting to know their old friend again. Steve for his part always acted the part masterfully, he was humble and amiable and funny. He suited Tony’s persona and never crowded them.
The rambling usually reduced Steve to quiet laughter, he’d listen to Tony go on and on enjoying every sentence that poured out. The only time Tony was quiet was when he was working and oh… what a shock it had it been when Steve realized young Tony Stark did not work with loud heavy rock music blasting in the background. Twenty-year old Tony Stark worked in silence, muttering things to himself every now and then, completely lost in his own brain.
It was a crisp, Fall morning when they got the Avengers call. Steve and Tony were having breakfast in their kitchen when their phones flashed red. They looked at each other and ran toward the launch platform where the suits waited to engulf them. Strangely, the meet-up point was in in Harlem and suddenly Steve was looking to the sky for signs of aliens. There was nothing, just a clear, beautiful blue-sky morning.
It had occurred to Steve during the past year that his ticket to Tony was actually Edwin Jarvis. If Jarvis trusted him, Tony would trust him too and so with this in mind he spent the next couple of weeks bonding with the butler over WWII stories which eventually evolved into stories about Tony’s childhood.
“Yeah she is. You know, she always thought you’d come back. Never stopped believing, it but I bet not even she could’ve seen this coming.”
Eliza bloomed as soon as the greeting reached her. She beamed at Tony and walked a couple of steps to reach the open arms that were being offered to her. She hung onto her Savior with the gusto of the devoted and reluctantly pulled away.
They’d spoken about it before, about the world Steve came from and Howard understood Steve was here for a ‘greater’ cause, to ‘save’ the earth. With that knowledge of a future weighting heavily on his mind, Howard agreed to Steve’s idea. Offered to set him and Tony up in an apartment together, after all Tony’s best friend James Rhodes would be graduating soon and going back to full service in the military, so the timing couldn’t be better.
But he can’t go home, not now. Not when there’s so much pressure building inside his chest. If he goes home now, he will end up picking a fight. He refuses to be like his piece-of-shit father who would come home, angry and tired, to take it out on him and his mom. He won’t be like Tony’s father either, the fucker who would drink himself into not remembering the punches he threw at his son.
It took seconds for Tony’s gaze to soften, for his brow to unfurrow but eventually it did. “You should know by now that you’re the only person I’m attracted to.” Steve whispered, close enough to Tony’s left ear for the words to sound raspy.
For his part, Tony felt ten feet tall. Making Steve laugh was no small feat and he couldn’t remember the last time he’d heard him laugh so hard before. It was a great fiftieth-birthday gift to himself. Approaching the couch where Steve sat pink and warm from all the laughter, Tony reached out to stroke the smooth skin of Steve’s face and neck. When Steve asked what Tony wanted for his birthday, Tony had been quick to answer. He wanted to see his husband’s baby face again and so that morning Steve had shaven it all off.
The list was long, dozens upon dozens of names all of which he was familiar with. Acquaintances, business partners, people they both liked even if they weren’t friends with them, Steve knew every name on that list. How could he not when he spent every waking moment with Tony? Steve had no desire for ‘his own’ friends, ‘his own’ acquaintances. He’d asked Tony once, years ago whether that bothered him but Tony had said no. Had told Steve he liked it that way and he had no interest in sharing Steve anyway.
“There’s so many kids around here that most everything is bound to be sticky.” Tony explains, enjoying the various looks of unease that flash across their faces. “So Thor, when did you get back state-side?”
It was moments like those that made him thankful his husband’s middle name was discretion… Steve ‘Discretion’ Stark.
They sit there, sharing light hearted chatter until Siggy walks over to Tony. She throws her arms around him and does not stop until she’s sitting on her dad’s lap, her face pressed against his neck like she does whenever she’s feeling overwhelmed. Sigrid is tall for her age, her legs dangle uncomfortably off the side of the chair but she seems unbothered by it. Tony reacts by simply holding her tighter and pressing kisses onto her hair, all the while continuing a conversation with Natasha and Loki about law firms.
Alexander Pierce had learned many decades ago to be very, very weary of Steve Rogers (Now Steve Stark). His weariness had served him well since Steve hadn’t been able to get rid of him yet. Unfortunately by 2013 Pierce had decided to take a stand on behalf of all those good-old-fashioned Hydra values he held dear and went after the young Steve Rogers living in Brooklyn. He thought the doppelganger was living proof that Steve Stark was from the future, and if so, by killing the young one he could effectively erase the old one.
“You’ve made me so happy Steve.. I know… I know you sacrificed a lot for me but… I love you so much... and I just want to tell you, at least once, how grateful I am for, well for my life. For my life with you. ”
He sounds downright cheerful now and the smile that paints his lips feels less like a wince. This he can do, being strong for Sigrid is something he has considerable experience with.
Watching Tony and Pepper interact with each other was very quickly becoming Steve’s favorite part of the workday. No sooner had Virginia Potts come into SI’s employment that Tony baptized her as ‘Pepper’ because of her freckles.
Steve was a gambling man and a good one at that. He knew every gambling game known to man and he won often enough to keep him in honest living. Not that he cared much about that anymore. Steve didn’t care much about anything anymore, not since Bucky announced he was staying in Georgia with Marlene. They were expecting a baby! He’d said, he wanted to marry her and get his life together.
“Here…” Tony pecked Steve’s lips quickly and gestured at the screen, “Take a look, am I forgetting anyone?”
The love in Steve’s eyes must have been mighty because Tony seemed to glow under it. His entirely face taking on a pinkness that hadn’t been there just a heartbeat ago.
The all consuming rage is back. Like an itching, horrible sunburn. Tony (as always) soothes the symptoms with his sweetness and love, but elsewhere… outside… Steve is losing control.
“No… headaches, problems with my vision, sensitivity to light… I think I even went a little deaf in one ear for a while.”
Of course he had. A warm chuckle escaped Steve’s lips and sent pink to Tony’s cheeks. “Of course you did!”
Finally, two months after the word ‘obsession’ first made its way into Tony’s consciousness; he was beginning to understand what it actually, really… meant.
“You two look like twins” Clint teased, his index finger pointing between Steve and the newly arrived Captain America. Clint was technically right, they were after all DNA copies of each other, but neither bothered to hide their displeasure at the comparison.
Eliza beamed up at Steve, chuckling in embarrassment but obviously pleased at her Commander’s reply.
