Agent Neuman leaned toward him, a gotcha smile curling his lips upward.
“Move woman!” Dr. Fischer was commanding Frau Hogan as Dvorak re-entered. He’d managed to subdue Rogers by strapping his wrists together with leather restraints. It was unsettling in the extreme to see the unstoppable lion, trussed up and laying curled in on himself mewling as weakly as a kitten. More disturbing still was Rogers glazed eyes focused on nothing as he panted through harsh wheezing breaths, his eyelids slowly drooping.
“Sit down, Antony.”
“He’s a radical! His own nephew turned him in. He’s been consorting with communists.”
"I'd like to hunt rabbits. I think it sounds fun." Said Natacha, from over by the pit that Bakhuizen had dug for the fire. She was still patting her hair dry but looked up long enough to smirk in Tony's direction. "You never know when such a skill might come in handy."
That was galling.
“You’d wear pearls? If I gave them to you, you’d wear them?” he asked with a strangled note, and Tony laughed as he climbed back up to sit beside him on the bed, gift in hand.
And slowly Ian began to float, his body relaxing into his fathers with trust as Stefen captained his drifting.
“Consider it forgotten, cap.” the monk said with the same smart salute he’d given Steve the night before.
Steve stiffened in anger as excited gasps and pleading faces turned towards him in the wake of Bucky's words. Was he out of his mind?
"-And I wouldn't need it seeing as I have never needed it and am now employed by your master, so if you’ll kindly step aside!" Tony ground out, shoving the door aside with one last grunt. The butler paused at his words, hand curling on the door, crinkles of disgust forming at the corners of his eyes. For a moment Tony almost believed he would close the door and actually leave him outside in the dusk.
“Still, it is a terrible thing for a wife to lose her husband.” Pepper growled through the prick of tears. “Willaminia we’ll have to make something to bring over –”
It was a lie. But Tony was determined more than ever to make it true.
"Stark, but I insist you call me Tony, everybody does."
"It's alright Artur. It's alright." He murmured, rubbing the boys trembling back. Hammer, the traitorous bastard, snickered loudly and drew several pairs of hateful gazes.
“Are you sure?” he asked past the lump lodged in his throat. “Just for their sakes?”
It was very... nice.
“Have you talked to him about this?” Stefen asked.
"Enough!" Steve snapped, pounding a hand against the brick and pushing himself away from the wall.
“Yes well, don’t sing for them. Sing for the ones you love. Austria, your children, that maniac you call a brother.” Tony did not add himself to the short list, but Steve’s eyes dipped to Tony’s mouth, and then down the column of his throat and settled on the place where they both knew the necklace rested and Tony swallowed.
All Dvořák’s own years of hard work had amounted to shit, when in the blink of an eye they’d just handed Rogers the title with barely any effort attached. But of course Dvořák wasn’t Austria's favored son, or Himmler's little pet, so of course he had to work for his gains.
“I’m a survivor. I’m whatever I need to be. Maybe I’m just smoke...” She sounded sadly resigned to that, and Tony knew that a part of her was hoping he’d convince her it wasn’t true, but she didn’t believe that he could.
He remembered the terrible fright when the door had been wrenched open and hands had grabbed him pulling him into the seething mob. He didn’t know how long he’d kicked and screamed before he’d recognized the man pulling him through the mass of bodies was his tutor, Jacob Yinsen. He just remembered the painful racing of his heart and straining to hear his mother over the roar of the crowd, the sick twist in his gut when he realized he could no longer hear her.
With you I will go
“He wanted to, back in the day,” Stefen’s voice took Tony by surprise, he looked up from where he was placing a pile of folded shirts into the drawer he’d claimed for himself with a curious expression. Stefen leaned on the doorframe, momentarily blocking out the view of the sitting room, not that Tony was overly bothered by that.
Fever came. He shivered for hours, too hot and too cold all at once, his bones rattling as they tried to separate from his body. He coughed and he retched, he itched, and he ached, he burned and he froze, in a relentless carousel of misery. He lost track of how many days he lay huddled in his corner of the pen, the goat eyeing him resentfully from its new bed on the opposite side. Steve suspected vaguely that if the old bag of beans wasn't so ancient, he would treat Steve to a stubby horn in his gut.
No. Steve grit his teeth and pushed back the shame. The despair. No. Not his children. Not for Sara and Natacha. Not for Péter. Not for Ian, or any of them. Not for -
He reminded himself every day and made a point to look at the card with the American lawyer’s name on it every morning just to start the day off on solid footing. Nevertheless, his incorrigible heart continued to long after the captain and fall further in love with the children, and his own bullheaded nature saw him reaching for the untenable: a place in Stefen’s life that could only be occupied by a lover.
A soft sound in the hall behind him made him go stiff once more and he turned only to find Natacha standing there, still in her pristine uniform, the Nazi insignia curled against her breast like a crouching spider.
Stefan was holding Ian up by his belly, helping him to correct his form. And his father’s presence and sure touch seemed to give him confidence – bolstering that single minded drive. Even while Tony and his father struggled keep James afloat Ian paddled back and forth, back and forth, face screwed up in concentration.
He and Bruce got into line with those lucky enough to not be born Jewish and Tony tried not to think about what a fraud he was. Tried to think only of getting home to Stefen and the children and to be grateful that he could.
In the front of the house young Henry Osborn was ringing the doorbell, an official letter from the German Army in his hands, stamped with the Führer’s seel.
Finally finding what he was looking for, Tony swiveled the journal around, presenting he pages with something bordering too close to desperation for his comfort.
She pulled back and looked up at him. The tears he thought he’d seen in her eyes earlier were gone. If they’d ever been there at all. Maybe that was just his brain showing him things he wanted to see. He didn’t care. Right now, she just looked like his little girl, his
She’d worry, and Helene had enough worries on her plate as it was with the family’s move to the city, and now with Dvorak’s orders to Czechoslovakia her nerves were particularly strained. She’d hoped to take their Rene to the winter festival in Berlin last week but hadn’t felt up to the trip. Instead they’d stayed home, and she and the child had baked sweets together and they’d settled down to listen to one of the many speeches broadcasted daily over civilian radio. To Dvorak’s disgruntlement, Helene seemed to enjoy Rogers speeches most of all.
Repeat, this is Freddie at the CASTLE and we are standing by.
Not the so-called femininity (hang it) but the freedom of it. The freedom of not having to fight for every scrap of food or bit of comfort. The freedom of not having to fight at all, left alone to love and be loved.
Tony had to clench and unclench his hands, forcing a deep breath in and out before he was calm enough to answer.
“Peggy always made it so bright that I guess it was easier to forget the pain of exile.” He explained, speaking slowly as if he was still thinking through the words as he said them. “When we were kids, Bucky and I used to look forward to Christmas all year. It was the only day of the year we knew for sure we wouldn’t go to bed hungry.”
“Oh but you must show us what you’ve been teaching the children Herr Stark. I just know the prince and the General’s other guests will be enchanted with them.”
“Do you think we’ll be famous?” The private who had been on guard duty when Frau Boehringer had brought dinner asked timidly. He looked around nervously from his sprawl on the floor. His fingers picked at a piece of bread left over from dinner as explained, “I mean after, after everything.”
“Congratulations Captain.” Prince Loki said with a slight sneer. “Or is it Major Rogers now?”
“Bucky.” Stefen sighed a warning which drew his friend’s ire.
He fired into the oncoming vehicle, smiling as the glass in the windshield splintered and then cracked. The vehicle swerving violently and crashing into a tree as the drivers face exploded in a shower of red.
Though that was about as ominous as a thunder cloud Tony had little choice but to comply.  He wondered franticly for a moment as he walked toward Stefen if this wasn’t going to be the moment that the other shoe dropped, because really you couldn’t come on to your (very) male employer the way that Tony had and not get your ass kicked (right?). Maybe he really had only imagined that Stefen was attracted to him. Maybe he hadn’t been about to pull Tony into a kiss at all when Bakhuizen had interrupted them. Maybe he was about to find himself fired and kicked out in the cold, or worse reported to the authorities. Okay, that last was unlikely what with all signs pointing to Stefen being a secret anarchist but that didn’t mean he’d tolerate a homosexual in his household. Even if that accusation would only be half true the point still stood.
“I’m not saying now of course but…” her gaze softened and she dabbed at her mouth, pale lipstick bleeding softly onto the napkin. “Soon?”
“I’m not a fool James.” Franz sighed. “I’m putting my life at risk agreeing to this.”
"Really? But, but..."
couldn’t stop the fear from creeping up, couldn’t stop thinking about how large the house was and how many places to hide, kept hearing screams in the night and smelling the smoke.
Near grown or not, Willamina’s cider packed a punch and Ian was looking rather rosy in the cheek. The morning would be a hard-learned lesson on moderation, but Tony had no doubt that it would stick. Ian was a good boy.
He paused for a moment, eyes catching on one painting in particular. The painting was of a trader ship in port, and it was the hull of said ship that held his interest. Yes. Yes, that was a Stark ship alright. The black and bold design of it was unmistakably Hughard’s craftsmanship. She was being held in port, sailors in still motion on her deck and docks, her sails raised catching the wind but unable to move. The artist had depicted her moments away from disaster. Tony could practically hear the groaning of the wood, the panicked shouts and lap of water clawing at her stern. For all that it was a quiet painting there was an underscore of painful aggression. Of chaos barely contained.
"Have the food brought into the garden. We will need Harold to set up the tables."
“We’re going to have to make them I’m afraid.”
Silence settled within the study as Obi contemplated the picture Tony had painted. Tony waited, his blood thrumming hot through his veins, nerves on tenterhooks. He was at Stanislov’s mercy, but Tony was confident in his play. Confident enough anyway.
“Not your baroness?”
Faced with Tony’s cold silence Rogers nodded again, straightening up with a wan sort of smile.
She quickly slipped out of her room and darted out onto the balcony, crouching down on her knees until she could peer through the railing down into the hall below. Charlotte was standing under the chandelier; her fists clenched, a letter scrunched in her hand, her posture as stiff as a pole. There was a flush on the back of her neck and Natacha was sure that if she could have seen the baroness’s face it would have been bright red.
“Do you think this might be our end of the line?” Steve asked, gazed fixed straight ahead and beside him Bucky’s glass clinked on the countertop.
“And how is Jon?” Steve asked out of politeness as Susann tidied up. She made a rude sound under her breath as she gathered the magazines on the coffee table into a small stack.
There was no malice behind Tony's words. How could there be, when he was standing here lips stung with kisses and tongue heavy with unspoken declarations? They were a band of fools.
Something had changed in Stefen. That was clear. He could not be certain what had brought it about but it was clear that it had, and that there would be no going back from here.
Contrary to his words Stefen’s touch was surer now, the grip steadier as he unconsciously drew Tony imperceptibly closer. Tony answered by stepping into his space with a decisive step, closing the distance between them.
“We have haven’t we?” Tony murmured, relief washing through him as he stroked Artur’s soft hair.
"It's just that, one could make the mistake of thinking you wanted me to survive this escapade unscathed. I'd have thought the exact opposite given all your glaring and snapping." Tony gestured to the whole of Bucky's person as an example and the ex-soldiers face darkened once more with irritation.
“If I don’t accept the post they’ll appoint Dittmar as Commanding-Major.” Dittmar was a good soldier but he was a poor leader. He was trigger happy and didn’t look out for the men.
Steve cradled his throbbing hand and closed his eyes, the split in his lip that refused to heal burned as he mouthed his never-ending prayer.
And it wasn't just the children Stark had drawn in either. Steve could hardly fail to notice the maids simpering after him, or how Willamina always had an extra pot of coffee set aside for “the staff” in the mornings, or how his ever pragmatic housekeeper answered to that ridiculous pet name he'd given her. Pepper of all things.
“There are only so many battles we can win, Stefen. You know that.”
“Something to add Herr Stark?” Rogers drawled and Tony smiled stiffly back at him in reply.
But it like everything else couldn’t last.
Péter had been in the patrol, but Ian was glad that Péter was not there now. He'd have stood out, just as Maria was standing out in the crowd. Not for the first time that evening Ian's eyes went to where she was standing at the end of their family row, hand in hand with Artur. Her eyes were big, taking in the spectacle. Father had kept them close all evening and all of Ian's siblings seemed relieved about that whether they'd admit it out loud or not. She didn't seem to notice the way people watched them. The way their eyes stuck on her like she was an animal in a cage at the zoo.
“Before I forget,” Bucky grunted, and Tony stared at it and Bucky incredulously until he recognized the familiar writing on it.  “He wanted you to have this, if things went bad.” Bucky said, looking away and as about as comfortable as a cactus as he said it.
to be caught. Pray that doesn’t happen. Pray you never see the camps.” Stefen slowly lifted his head and looked back at Tony, sending a chill over his skin. Stefen finished with bite, “And yes, Tony, I want to defend my friend and his people. I won’t deny that.”
“Are they experimenting on people?” Tony asked, part way through hauling open his trunks and rifling through them. Steve froze in the bedroom doorway.
he was being forced to ingest was with heat and metal.
. How quickly the unbearable weight of fear rushed back as soon as his brain slowed down enough to allow it. Like a cold breath on his skin.
Tony knocked gently on the door, drawing the attention of the boys in the room and Péter's face broke into a relieved smile when he saw him.
"Well, at the very least you'll see some beautiful countryside. While enjoying the best coffee," he gestured toward the window with one hand as he signaled for the host with the other. "Would you like something to eat Frauline...?" he led and the young woman quickly offered an introduction.
To Ian's surprise he took the garment anyways and turned it over in his large hands. He could see the buttons had been ripped right out, Ian was sure of it. He looked down at his feet as he waited. His father’s eyes flicked to him and he turned from his canvas bag that was lying open on the bed.
For that matter, what had he been doing in Steve's room last night in the first place?
“To swim. I want to learn how to swim!”
“It’s for me, actually.” Tony revealed, choosing his words carefully. He trusted that the Klein’s were good neighbors who would not go out of their way to tell tales, but all it really took was a slip of the tongue around the wrong set of ears these days. “My father was a ship maker. Engineering has always been a hobby of mine. I tinker, mostly. Helps clear the head. The captain has been kind enough to provide me the space.”
Maria bit her lip anxiously, staying quiet, but it didn’t take Tony’s level of intelligence to read her mind and James promptly followed Artur’s announcement by demanding to share the bed with Uncle Bucky and refusing to share one with Ian whom he insisted hogged covers. Ian immediately insisted that he ‘
It was a simple instrument, but well made. The lines crafted onto the surface of the dark wood struck him as unique. Intricate and detailed with the same artists eye that Stefen had inherited from the man who had made it no doubt. To think that his grandfather had crafted something so beautiful, only for it to sit in the music room gathering dust, all because Stefen had been afraid of people questioning his heritage.
“The hell I can’t!” He didn’t give a damn about the tour or any of the rest of it. He was going to find his son. But Charlotte’s grip on him was firm, unwavering in her confidence to hold him despite her smaller size.
“What are you reading?” Péter asked after a moment of getting himself settled. “The Bible?” He leaned down to stare at the pages in Tony’s lap and wrinkled his nose with the same lack of enthusiasm that Tony usually brought to all matters of faith and this time Tony didn’t fight the smile.
The hurt rose again once more and she stuffed it down because she wasn’t James. She wasn’t going to throw tantrums like a baby, but she wasn’t going to fail him either. She’d protect him even if it had to be from himself.
“Ouch Tacha, stop it.” Péter hissed under his breath, throwing up his hands to shield his eyes as the light blinded him.
Tony nearly jumped out of his skin at the sound of the unexpected voice. He hoped that with his back turned Bakhuizen would not notice his struggle for composure.
“You shoot me and you’re a dead man.” Dvorak warned.
Tony glanced over his shoulder, drinking in the way Stefen’s eyes looked lit up in the lamp light. Awake. Aware. Alive. “Right here, Cap.” Even from the dresser Tony could see the stiff tension in Stefen’s body marginally relax at the sound of his voice.
“Why are you here?” Steve unstuck his throat and asked, trying his best to keep from moving too quickly as he approached, remembering keenly the way Tony had flinched away from him in the stairwell. It was everything he could do not to touch him, not to crowd him, intent on making sure he was all right again.
It was small but Steve didn’t miss the flicker of hurt in Charlotte's gaze. She took a sip of her wine, far longer than she needed to. She sat it down quietly and tucked neatly into her soup, the silence weighing heavy at the table.
“The truth? I’ve given it to you. Yes, alright. I was asked to spy on you and I did for a while." Tony’s laugh was humorless. He waved his hand expressively as he spoke. "But I stopped reporting anything of real value early on. Disgustingly early on. Anything I put in my letters to Farkas was about as useless as the reporting I did for you, and I’ll tell you Farkas was far less amused than you were."
They'd been given their first cup of tea in months after a particularly harsh patrol that a fourth of them hadn't returned from, and Bucky, arms wrapped around Steve, had predicted that Steve would live to be an old man with seven grandchildren.
“It’s the most valuable secret in the world right now. Only Schmidt and two senior officers know it. But there’s hope,” Jann said just as Bucky’s heart was sinking into his stomach and his eyes snapped back up to meet hers. “You know one of them. Schmidt ordered Major Dvorak to accompany the escort because he and Stefen served together, led the same men. They want everyone to see him hand the traitor over to the Führer. Show a united front. Do you think he'll help?”
If anything happened...Steve let out a little moan. If anything happened to them, he’d... He moved his hand over the older bruises on his forearm, squeezing until the pain sliced through his thoughts.
It was obvious to him that Stefen considered the matter settled. Curse him. Stefen must suppose that it was just as easy as a kiss, just as easy as robbing Tony of breath and every thought would just melt out of his head and he’d just become some meek compliant simpering little thing happy to click his heels and say his yes sirs and go along with whatever the captain might wish.  Well, Captain Rogers would just have to think again.
He had that memory, as well as the adornment that Stefen had made him to keep grounded in hope. What did Natacha have?
“Just the one.” He answered grimly and Bucky nodded, his eyes narrowing speculatively on their truck.
, but as the German war machine pressed further east, more and more Jews flocked to Italian cities in the south. The state said, ‘
It couldn’t.
“Péter
Bucky stumbled and hit the wall with a surprised curse, nearly sliding down it. He put up a hand to stop himself, heart pounding uncomfortably in his chest. Maybe he shouldn’t walk and feel at the same time. But he shouldn’t be feeling anything at all, he thought with a frown of distaste. He’d drank enough to solve that particular problem, only it seemed that no matter how much he drank there was a boulder on his chest pressing him into the ground.
“No.” Steve bit out, harder then he’d intended. Her eyes flickered to him and she hunched her shoulders slightly but didn’t move away.
Bucky’s laugh was cut short with a grunt of breath as he grabbed Steve around the middle, sending them tumbling back into the dirt. Steve hit the ground with an umfh, breath driving from his chest.
Natacha watched their captive butterfly almost the entire time she spoke, but at the very end she raised sharp blue eyes to his and pinned him with such a stare that Tony could not doubt for an instant what she meant by it. It was suddenly hard to swallow, the air feeling so constricted that Tony might as well have traded places with the damned butterfly; but he took a breath and met that stare because he’d be damned if he showed her fear.
Heart thumping, Steve thought that maybe it wasn’t a bad idea to take the pills. Maybe if he took some he would stop thinking about home. It would almost be worth it.
was back, buzzing like a storm of bees in his head. It was an annoyance in the extreme! What could he do if the Reich had bigger plans for today than even he knew? It was out of his hands. He’d warned Rogers time and again hadn’t he? And he had Helen and Rene to think of. He was not going to put his neck out on the line for a mouthy upstart, too stupid to lay down with the rest of them.
Pepper nodded quickly and hurried from the room, presumably to gather whatever supplies it was that Stefen was referring to. Tony wouldn’t know. Stefen had not chosen to disclose the details with him.
“I can swim!” Péter protested, sweeping Maria into his arms. Tacha nodded in agreement her expression earnest.
He knew what he had to do.
“It’s not for us when you still intend to fight.” Tony found himself near shouting in response to the accusation. Wincing, he forcibly lowered his voice.
Charlotte had thanked him graciously. Steve had settled for keeping his face as blank as possible. He hadn't needed the predatory look in the man’s eyes to know for certain that receiving the Führer’s favor was akin to a sharp blade pressing against his throat.
Steve nudged the unopened duffle bag he knew contained food with his boot and raised his eyebrow in invitation to have at whatever was in the bag.  Bucky reached, grabbing the bag by its strap and pulling it toward him. A few of the other soldier's eyes fallowed Bucky’s progress but their owners stayed where they were.
"Oh, I love this one." Charlotte murmured, a wistful gleam in her eye. "It was their mother's favorite. Did you know?" She asked Tony who shook his head, staring thoughtfully at Natacha who had joined hands and was walking together with Maria.
Setting down his glass with a flourish, that drew chuckles from the nearest tables, Tony flashed the room a smile before he began to plink away at another Christmas favorite, and tried not to be too obvious about searching the crowd for Steve while he was at it.
A/N: Nowy Sacs is a city in what is today Poland and in Steve's boyhood would have been Galicia, which was a province of the Austro-Hungarian empire. Steve is what we would understand as a Gypsy, or Bayash as they would call themselves. The decision to make him and Bucky ethnically Roma started with our desire to make Bucky Romanian in a nod to Sebastian Stan, and somehow snowballed in what we believe is a wonderful way. Our desire is to emphasize how prevalent racial mixing actually is in the world despite the history that we write otherwise and really get to the heart of the horrors of this period of history. Steve's mother despite her fair features is full Roma but she married a gajo (someone non-Roma) which has put him on the outskirts of both societies. When Bucky calls Steve Prala he is  calling him 'brother'.
Artur thought it over, his hand traveling to his mouth again. It was a nervous habit that only seemed to come out when Artur was very unsure of himself.
STOP. Tony shook the memory loose. Refocused.
“I trust this will satisfy any remaining questions as to His Excellency’s devotion to God?”
“Cap?” Stark tilted his
Stefen had bought him a suit? Tony was still struggling to grasp the reality of it when Stefen called his name gently.
Tony continued to conduct them, a grin breaking out over his face as his line of singing ducklings skipped through the square without missing so much as a note.
“Where did you go, Cap?”
Péter let her take it without complaint, eyes still stuck on the pictures of Anya and Péter Maximoff. Only the poster said their names were Wanda and Pietro. The poster also said they were Gypsies, wanted for thievery and dangerous to the public, but if that were so what were they doing in Uncle Bucky's new show? Maybe he didn't know. Or maybe he did know and just didn't care. Uncle Bucky was a gypsy like them. Like Péter's Baka... Like Péter.
“Oh no. Nice try. Not after all that work it took me to get you into bed. I’ll fetch it. Where is it?”
(See the end of the chapter for
As the last notes of the song faded Bucky stood and clapped, the kids beaming up at him with joyfully smug expressions as he met their eager inquiries, assuring them that they’d been the very best he’d ever heard and that yes he thought their father would have loved it. Privately Bucky made a promise to himself that Steve would be with him next time even if he had to drag him by his hair.
“Bad dreams. Probably something I ate.”
“Stark I’ve worked in the factories.” Stefen replied with a grim sigh, but he was sitting forward in his chair leaning toward Tony now, rebuttal practically leaping off his tongue which was all that Tony could really ask for even if they were in disagreement. “I’ve seen their conditions. We can’t keep allowing the wealthy to horde gains and squandering the rest. It’s a recipe for disaster every time.”
Prepare for war. Keep his family safe. Complete the mission.
Everything was not fine. Tony could make a very long list in his head of all the things that were very much ‘not fine’ right now and at the top, almost superseding the German aggression in Czechoslovakia and the increasingly hostile anti-Semitic rule of law in Germany, was Baroness Schrader and her fine pink little fingers wrapped around Stefen’s.
It wouldn’t hurt just to see, right? He pressed, the key releasing so pure a sound he shivered with delight.
"Their last tutor must have been a joke Captain, because all of your children are too smart for their own good. If there was some doubt in their aptitude I'm confident the teacher and not the pupils were at fault." Tony insisted, striking far too close to the truth for Steve's comfort.
Because something was coming. He could feel it, the same way his grand da, Ian, used to be able to feel a storm approaching.
Steve went downstairs to find Virginia.
Tony stood there, numb with shock as the words slowly repeated in his head still not making any sense. The Captain could not have asked him to attend the officer’s ball.
“As you can see Cardinal, the prisoners Henrick Vogel and Franz Albrect are being returned to you by the grace of his Excellency the Führer in good condition.” The warden began the proceedings in a bored tone, the brothers of Engelzell already forgotten as he moved behind the desk. “Do you have their papers?”
“And when you can’t? When you’re off playing soldier, what happens to them?!”
If anyone had expected formal officer training to change anything the joke was on them.
He finished the last of the abbot’s letter with a flourish and shuffled his papers, beginning again on his letter to the captain. Three pages about the mouse Artur had found ought to please him. The captain would enjoy reading the mathematical weight and length of the mouse as well as the ratio at which the little boy had held the creature to the ground. Tony had even drawn a picture.
“I wouldn't ask you if I didn't.”
The middle boy and the three youngest were giggling, clearly amused by the tete-a-tete he’d just had with their father. The oldest girl looked far less amused, blue eyes staring into him with bored disdain as if he were the child and she already weary of his antics. The other two boys looked as if they might have wanted to join their siblings in their amusement, but found themselves torn between loyalties. Especially when their red haired sister turned those judging eyes on them as if to say: really?
"There you go.” The captain’s chest rose and fell in a sigh of frustration. “I don't understand you Tony. If you want this as much as I do, why talk about cages?"
Bucky snorted, diminishing Tony with a glance.
Natacha narrowed her eyes at him, the anger jabbing at her insides.
Good, Tony thought despite the feeling of foreboding crawling over his skin. Good.
He forced himself to look up and smile at Kurt, sure it was falling flat, but Kurt nodded at him anyway in gratitude and swooped his way back to the front.
As he’d expected, Stefen ignored the question altogether in favor of further instruction.
Tony’s eyes darted to Stefen to see that the captain had frozen and was watching Bucky with his hands clenched tightly at his sides.  Janneke and Bucky made the rounds, weaving their way through the crowded ballroom to make their hellos with the host. Thankfully everyone was too busy watching Fraulein Van Dyne to pay attention to the captain’s tortured expression, or to notice that his hands had started to shake before he shoved them behind his back and stiffened his spine.
“You just ate Artur.”
The Rogers family are face with some hard choices and harder goodbyes when they are forced to risk crossing the border by transport.
"It's time now Darlings," the Baroness leaned forward, pausing just long enough to be sure she had all of their attention. "Quickly now. Don't forget your tags, and remember you mustn't speak to anyone and you must get off at the station in Worgl Bahnof." She looked directly at Péter as she stood from the table and Péter nodded solemnly, promising that he'd remember.
“Didn't need it” he grunted, at least he’d thought he hadn't needed it. He'd taken twice the amount recommended, only stopping when Virginia stumbled upon him.
“That, a steel cutter, and a smooth-edged saw and I’ll be set for life. I promise.”
“My name is Filip Coulson.” Coulson extended his hand for a shake which Steve took and shook firmly, his suspicions confirmed doing nothing to ease the tension coiled tightly within his stomach.
End Part 1
"Ian, you get the ropes ready. Péter and I'll start on the lower branches" Tony instructed, waving tiredly with the ax at Ian, who'd waited patiently off to the side with the sled out of harm's way. But when Ian pulled Phillips’ sled up beside the felled tree, Péter tapped him on the shoulder and handed the younger boy the ax, saying, "Here, you have a go at it. I'm better with knots."
Tony tensed to move just as James called out.
“That'll be all of you singing, yeah?” Bucky turned to Tacha smiling broadly, “except this one. She'll be dancing.”
Resistance to the Reich was everywhere and their leaders were always assuring them of the necessity of stamping it out.
Someone had cleaned his head wound and managed to put something of a bandage on it. Had Tony done it himself? Virginia? Had Steve? He could not recall the past hours as clearly as he wanted to but he pushed down the panic at not knowing (
There was a stunned silence following her announcement, a warning inhale of breath from Stefen as he finally raised his head and looked right at her with a discomforting stare, and then the children broke off into a chorus of dismayed shouts.
“I'm sorry. Goats?” Steve blinked down at her, nonplused.
Tony said it didn’t make Péter a bad person to be lucky, as long as he didn’t forget that it was luck. But every time he sat down to eat his warm food, laid down in his comfortable bed, or walked under the colorful trees to the library with Ned and his dormmates - while they laughed and joked about how they were going to change the world and revolutionize all of their professors out dated ideas - Péter couldn’t help but think of home and all the horrible things going on there.
“You told me I couldn’t say her name.” Péter challenged stiffly from the bed, voice going tight. Beside him Ian tensed, as if he were afraid of what Steve might do and Steve’s chest ached. He pinched the bridge of his nose, fighting for another deep breath.
Hammer looked up at the sound of the chauffer's voice and his smile, reeking of smug satisfaction, made Tony’s stomach churn as the butler chortled and sneered at them all. “I wouldn’t hold my breath on him coming back. Desertion is treason, and that’s punishable by death.”
“And here I thought you liked trouble, Stark.” He’d teased as the driver came around to open doors for them. Tony had made a face at him as he’d exited the car, nodding his gratitude to the driver and the livered attendants who had stepped up to assist and guide them inside.
“Took time out of his day to see me at my barracks. Told me a story about his sister’s family and then threatened mine. So we must be doing something right” he finished, rubbing the back of his neck.
He hastily took a step back, averting his eyes as Stefen turned to look back at the camp where Bakhuizen was putting his violin away, making no secret of his focus on them.
Deep down Stefen Rogers still believed that people were going to wake up, and that this war would be won by good men standing in the way of evil, but Tony knew he was wrong.
Though every muscle in Steve’s body went stiff at the sight of Striker, the former head of education did not seem at all perturbed to see him. As Striker and Khalmmer traded greetings it became clear to Steve that he was the only one who hadn’t been informed of who the Führer had invited for this informal meeting.
“Could you imagine not being a sanctimonious prick?” Tony grumbled without the energy for heat and Pepper glared at him in warning as Julia broke out in a suspicious cough. But Hammer seemed content this morning pretending to ignore him.
“Pepper, my girl, I insist you call me Tony. This Stark business is- ” Tony began but Pepper cut right over him.
It was harder after that to keep up the pretense. Steve wanted nothing more than to fly home and see for himself that things were truly well with the children. There was a small terribly cowardly man in him who wanted to go home, pack all their bags and simply slip away into the night, abandoning everything and everyone else to whatever fate would meet them, so long as his children were not harmed.
“Look at me Stefen.”
“Yes, you’d better get on it. Can’t keep the Big Hat waiting,” Tony tore his eyes away from Péter long enough to look at Bruce once more, attempting to sound more cavalier than he felt. Which in truth was slightly unhinged, wobbling between wonderous elation at Péter’s near miraculous return, and the sinking realization that the time to say goodbye to the gentle natured monk who’d picked up a traumatized young-man’s pieces and held them together had come.
Since the children had to leave their winter coats behind during their escape, Tony and Natacha had done their best to engineer warm coverings for any outdoor excursions. A bit of deconstructed burlap made for great thread. The old wool blankets with a bit of fur made good material for thick vests and arm and leg coverings. Artur had taken a sort of fiendish delight in the primitive garments, declaring that they had become Vikings.
It had been a good choice.
Artur nodded again, emboldened "Please!"
Péter shifted uncomfortably in his seat but nodded.
Bucky frowned and opened one accusing eye.
Stefen closed the doors of the study behind them, making the space suddenly feel cramped and over stuffed with furniture but the action made Tony straightened up with wariness. Stefen was making as certain as he could that they would not be overheard, which meant this wasn’t about the children.
Steve crumpled the letter in his fist. He was going to be sick. It must have shown on his face because before he knew it Virginia was pushing gently on his shoulder and guiding him into his chair.
“I think you outta shut up.” Bucky groaned, but couldn't help the smile tugging at his mouth. He outta sock the man in the mouth for torturing him like this but love made him stupid. Clearly.
Stefen rose to his feet and Tony met his eyes. He hoped Stefen would not wonder deeply why his were bright with tears and a gutless kind of terror he could do nothing in that moment to hide.
“I’ve scheduled a shipment of ammunition to be delivered to Berlin on the 27th.  You and your men are assigned to that shipment, but if you should come under suspicion once you leave the factory, I’m afraid I can’t back you up.” Vis concluded, and Bucky stood, clapping a hand down on the taller man’s shoulder and squeezed it. “You’ve stuck your neck out far enough as it is,” he said with a small sigh, frowning in contemplation.
"These guys, neighbors of theirs, showed up at the door. I didn't even know the farmer was a Jew until they were yelling at him about how he should have sold them the land when he had the chance. They don't have stars yet like we have here." Péter's voice cracked and he paused, licking his lips nervously and took a deep breath before he continued. "The men dragged the family out to the barn. Even the kids. But the wife, she hid me and the baby before they got to her. They set the barn on fire. I-I heard them all screaming, and I tried to save them, I did, but it was too late."
Coulson nodded slowly, the ghost of a smile in his voice as he agreed. “That may work.” He turned to Stefen then and asked, “Who do you have in mind?”
“You’ve got to slow down.” Stefan corrected Tony’s hands again, indiscreet, nothing he hadn't done for all three of his boys save for the way his fingers seemed to linger on Tony’s. Alright so Tony’s intentions weren't a hundred percent altruistic but who could fault him? He could feel Stefen’s every shift behind him, close enough that he could smell the aftershave he had used that morning. A combination of talc and sandalwood and something distinctly Stefen.
“James those are mine!” He shouted anxiously as James zig zagged away to avoid Tony and leaped on top of Ian’s bed, grabbing at the books he had left there to throw them. Ian’s index of natural herbs and plant life sailed through the air and he darted forward to rescue it.
"I think Frauline Van Dyne instructed him to ask about me."
Tony clenched his teeth. He knew how those damn laws worked better than anyone. And the axe always fell based on how useful you were or weren’t to the Reich. Didn’t it? What use was a poor immigrant from Poland?
As Péter left the library that afternoon and looked toward the center of the square where his brothers and sisters waited by the fountain, he was struck by all the differences a few months could make.
Tony frowned, grinding his teeth.
Tony took a shuddered breath, unable to quite believe his own ears and unable to pry his eyes away from Stefen’s as the captain, pale even in the fires glow, swallowed thickly.
“Baroness Schrader is fatigued. I suggest we take lunch now. We're not far out from Kitzbuhel."
Steve has a physical response to a grotesque nightmare that any psychiatrist would be able to help him through, but there are none of those here. Just bumbling dudes.
He’d remembered the nightcap Tony had brought to him a few nights before and suddenly longed for the soothing comfort of liquor and Bucky had agreed, ringing Virginia for a bottle.
A part of him had not quite believed Péter. Captain Rogers was as unbreakable, unstoppable and as morally upright as the pamphlets had ever said. And a small very young part of tony wanted desperately to believe it was all true.
“We’ve even talked about having a party for your birthday. A chance for you to see all your friends again.”
"Watch that cheek, and I won't ask you again Péter. Where were you?"
“A tad,” Tony allowed. “But since Ian has started running with weights she makes an excellent stand in for a sandbag.”
“We gotta go Stark. Give him here.” Bucky’s hand settled heavily on Tony’s back, jerking him back harshly to reality, and even though it was like having a limb slowly separated from his body Tony let Bucky stoop to take him. James let out a pitiful whimper as Bucky hauled him up into his arms. It looked easy as if the boy weighed nothing, or perhaps Bucky was just that determined. James twined his arms around Bucky’s neck and buried his face against Bucky’s chest, and Tony heard him murmuring something low and indistinguishable in the gypsy tongue as he began to trudge quickly toward the truck.
“Hello Artry.”
Ian stared curiously between them both as Natacha clutched her cup, staring at him with the guilelessness of a lamb but Steve knew that just meant she was trying to think up some way to avoid answering him.
“Two men, wanted to know which of them was the fairest. Frankly, I thought they were both ugly as sin.” Tony rubbed at Stefen’s arms, reminding him to loosen his grip. He flinched when Steve reached and his fingers found the corner of the largest bruise. “Ouch. As you can see, the pipe didn’t agree with me.”
The moment he said it Artur began to wiggle, his voice wobbling pathetically as he clutched at Steve’s side.
He could see that his behavior was putting the children on edge. He wasn’t any good for them like this, but he refused to leave them unprotected. Charlotte made a good effort to separate them and send him to bed for rest but there was no help for it, the minute Steve stepped out of the room (even just to talk to Virginia) one of them was calling for him in a frightened voice that had him back at their side in seconds.
“The book of Ruth.” He answered. And then, because Péter was a warm body pressed up against his with such a sweetness in his eyes it put Tony’s earlier thoughts to shame, he heard himself say, “My mother would get awfully maudlin around this time of year. She’d put me to bed and tell me ‘no magazines tonight Tony; but do you want to hear about the greatest adventure of them all?’ Are you familiar with the story, Péter?”
“I don’t know who you are, or what you’re running from, but surely it’s better to leave with the authorities and be taken care of- They’ve not been notified!” She quickly amended when Steve snapped his head up, eyes wild and panicked. “Not yet. But, food and shelter, surely you want those? You were eating out of the trough, for Christ's sake.” She finished, lifting her arms in exasperation.
The group kept moving, Péter marching ahead of them with furious steps and Tony sighed once more. If it wasn’t one thing it was another.
"I'm sure we'd all be more comforted by that if your definition of fine didn't leave so much to be desired." Tony muttered under his breath, which Steve pointedly ignored. Grumbling something unintelligible, Tony cupped his hands around his mouth and holler at the backs of the others ahead, "I've been awake for hours and I've not heard a single Christmas song. This is a travesty."
"Not that way!" Anamarie hissed, tugging on his hand but Péter pulled her along, shaking his head as he panted in reply, "We can't let them catch us in the alley."
It was her fault they couldn’t pack up and leave tonight, and still, there was no way to silence the grim little voice inside that thought it would have been better for them all if he had died from the poison. Better to die now, then tortured and executed later. Better for her and her siblings if their father died a martyr for Nazi propaganda, then that he died a traitor.  Better to lose just part of what you loved, then to sacrifice the whole.
"He's right Stark.” Bucky agreed after a beat of silence, expression sobering. “This could turn ugly quick and you're not a soldier."
“Perhaps not.” She allowed, “And yet, here we all are, dancing under the stars and the Austrian flag, all because one man demanded it. I admire both the boldness and the man, but you can agree can’t you, that we women must play a far cleverer game?” Charlotte asked, and Tony tensed.
Knocking the brush out of her hand Péter grabbed Anamarie's wrist and ran toward the other end of the street, praying that the car didn't reach the corner and spot them before they could duck down it.
Janneke squeezed his arm companionably and laughed away the cloud of tension that had settled over them both.
"I think you need a partner closer to your own size bambina."  He denied, playing up his exhaustion and decidedly ignoring her pout as he looked around for a distraction.  As if on cue Artur ran up to grab her by the hand.
"Both times in Vienna," Steve mused aloud, the pieces coming together in his mind as he franticly thought of a way out of the danger they were in. "It's the port they're watching. If someone saw the drop off they know they're looking for a woman. From there it only makes sense to question Richter’s wife."
Steve had always been a light sleeper (first from illness in the caravan and then drilled into him in the army) Bucky not so much. He slept like a log these days. When he did sleep.
He owed Stefen no loyalty he reasoned. Rogers (he must stop thinking of him so familiarly) was a Nazi who invited other Nazis over for tea in the hope of polishing his children up into mini-Nazis. So what was it to Tony if he told tales on him? Why should he feel like he was betraying the man when he would do so much worse to Tony if he knew the truth?
“What do you want it to be?” Stefen asked, eye’s lowering to Tony’s mouth for a heavy moment before they met his again, only the glint of something wicked in them betraying his dry tone.
“Judenschwein!”
Bucky heaved himself up to stumble over and take the bottle from Virgina. He hadn’t said much since they’d started, making his way with a dogged pace toward utter drunkenness. He helped himself now to another overfilling glass and turned to top Steve off.
Steve’s face was on fire and he rushed to interrupt Bucky, grinding out in Romany, “-this is not about the baroness, you idiot!
An officer. Whether Austrian or German it didn’t matter these days. He’d just brushed with death.
When Tony woke the following morning it was in a heap of furniture bits and to Pepper’s insistent knocking at the bedroom door. She’d been aghast at the state of his room and did not look at all appeased by his assurances that the desk would be better than new when he was done with it.
“Down one maid and Cameron recuperating, I’ve not had the time. Natacha offered to keep an eye on them, bless her.” Pepper sighed. "Should we expect you for breakfast this morning Captain?"
“It was good to see you again,” Ian managed to grit out as Natacha grabbed his hand and began hauling him through the crowd. Ian heard more giggles behind them and Helmut Zemo make a comment about Natacha being just as remarkable as da was, only for Rita Göring to sneer in reply, “She’s a mean-spirited bitch. Have you noticed the horrible shade of her hair?”
Charlotte looked up at Steve, her lips tilting into a playful pout, her voice smooth as syrup as she taunted him. “She won’t quit darling, and I’m getting dreadfully bored. If you refuse to indulge me, I’ll just take to the floor with Herr Stark and drive you to jealousy.”
He'd not slept the night before, and when the sun had begun it's rise he’d finally given it up as a bad job and thought to go out to the terrace; but halfway there he'd changed his track, heading for the kitchen instead, realizing that this particular morning he did not wish to be alone.
“I know damn well what will happen if he stays in the Reich Tony. Do you think I want my son shipped back to me in a box?” Stefen snapped.
Natacha was a leader like him in the Young Maidens and looked incredibly grown up in her uniform, her red hair bright in the late summer sun. She did well, but Péter knew she wasn't well liked among the other girls. Partly due to their jealousy of her wealth, her name, and the station it had granted her, but mostly because Natacha held herself apart and came off as stand-offish.
“Everyone's fine." He replied, grateful that his voice had returned to steadiness. "How are the Osborns?”
Péter released him and stumbled back as if Tony had slapped him and Tony looked away, because if he kept looking at him, he’d crumble into pieces too small to reassemble.
"Well it's obvious, isn’t it? Nobody knows the man by face. You've seen one man in a ridiculous robe you've seen them all. We'd need the abbot's help; but with a letter with the right stamps on it, there's no reason Cardinal Rossi can't show up early to take a few more lost lambs than originally expected. There will be confusion, suspicion, but with the stunt the Nazi’s just pulled, and a public to convince their actions were justified, they can't afford the church to start preaching against them in earnest. Which means they can't afford to piss off Cardinal Rossi because somebody messed up the paperwork."
“I can’t! I can’t, I can’t! Why doesn’t anybody ever believe me?!” The boy was hollering at the top of his lungs at Natacha who was standing in the doorway of the boy’s room, her mouth pursed tightly in disapproval. Tony could see why as he came up behind her and was able to see James sprawled pathetically on the floor, red faced and in nothing but his shirt and underwear.
He sucked in a couple of  deep breaths, forcing them out as he tried to think past the shock that was numbing his brain. When his heart beat had slowed and his breathing leveled, Tony found that a calm had descended over him. When he released the door handle he was surprised to see how his hands shook in light of how calm he otherwise felt. What sort of feeling could shake a man's very flesh and still leave his mind clear as the eye of a storm?
“I think.” Tony began slowly, past the curious melting sensation in his chest, “That’s a very kind thought. But there’s only so much room in your bag.”
“It’s not something for you to worry about.” Stefen replied stiffly but James was confused and embarrassed now, which just made for a battle of stubborn on stubborn.
“Yes it is,” she replied. She glanced at his fingers, and Steve noted the whitening of his knuckles. He might be hurting her, but if he was it didn’t show on her face. The feeling of sickness rolled through him and he shoved it down. Down down down down, where it couldn’t leach his strength and keep him from doing the things he had to do.
Steve woke slowly, the fog for once mostly clear of his head. He’d been having a dream. Natacha and Péter had been there, in the room with him. Natacha had peered behind the door and then cautiously slid in...and she’d been followed by Péter. His heart stuttered in his chest and squeezed his eyes shut tighter. It had been such a good dream. Natacha had curled into his side and Péter... He’d been alive. He’d been alright.
"I don't think Tony's aunt is sick at all." James announced, pausing theatrically until he was sure he'd gained all their attention. "I think he just got sick of us and left, like all our other tutors."
It wasn’t until late in the evening that Jann finally showed up at the church. Lang was on watch by the window and hadn’t moved in the last hour, but suddenly sat up straight and gestured sharply for silence.
“Why not. It’s what I want, and it’s my birthday isn’t it?”
Tony scrambled for his abandoned nightshirt. To his horror he heard a door down the hall creak open. It was the left side, which meant it was the younger boy's room. He hurried to tug the thing over his head, covering his necklace and the love bites Stefen had left on his skin. He dashed back out into the hall just as the first cry from one of the children let out.
Tony had a theory for a new energy source, though it felt old with how long it had sat within the pages of his journal. Like so many other things that precious little book was gone now, but not the ideas it had contained. Those lived in wait, within him.
"And you know how to handle a weapon.” Bucky returned, eyes narrowing pointedly at Tony as he leaned his weight back against the doorframe. “That day we went shooting. Why’d you pretend you didn’t like guns?”
“You can swim.”
“No! Give her to me!” Steve nearly dropped Maria in surprise as Tony surged forward as if he’d just come back to life, wresting her from his arms.
Tony found Stefen in his study, already dressed for the party in a smart suit with tails, standing by the window and staring out into the dark. For a moment Tony watched him, taking in his stillness and the faraway look in his eyes with a heavy heart. Finally, he did what he knew he had to do, and reached for the gift Steve had given him. As he pulled it over his head the coins clinked together, not a jarring sound by any means, but Steve still jerked as if he'd been poked. His head turned, watching silently as Tony approached. Without speaking Tony reached for his wrist. Tony drew his arm up and Steve uncurled his tightly clenched fingers as if by instinct, and he stared unblinking as Tony laid the necklace into his waiting palm. Tony had to fight the urge to snatch it back. He’d only worn it for a day, but already his neck felt unbearably bare without it.
"When did you learn to speak so well?" he asked.
Steve couldn’t help his slow grin, Bucky’s thinly veiled warning aside.
When it was time to feed, the woman always handed Steve his bowl of leftovers first before she fed her beloved goat. It was a small thing to notice, a possibly meaningless gesture, but even so, it helped...helped him to feel less like an animal. Less like Subject U-1610 and more like a man.
He cut off the line of thought – control, he needed to get control of himself – and managed a smile for her. She only shuffled closer in response to his question, resting her rear upon the wide arm of the chair until she could settle against him, shoulder to shoulder. He wrapped an arm around her and squeezed, catching a whiff of the setting lotion she used for her pleats, and breathed in the underlining scent that had been hers since she’d been a baby laid in his arms, fresh and pink.
“No, but I believe Ona when she writes to me about the vagrant she found.”
Tony forced his eyes to open, wincing at the sharp pain that made itself known in his neck. He hadn't thought it possible, but somehow or another he must have fallen asleep in the chair beside the bed. No doubt he’d been dragged below the depths by sheer exhaustion after the physical and emotional toil of the last week.
~*~*~T~*~*~
Briefly, Tony imagined being stuck there all day and how he would manage James who was sure to break his silence eventually. The ghastliest thing about it was, Tony estimated they had a few hours in them yet before that happened, because James had experience now going without.
“Why? Because you think he isn’t coming back?! Then you are a bigger fool than I thought! He
, good for nothing but running his mouth and drinking his money and it wasn’t like we had any of that to spare.
, and I’m so fucking ashamed of myself.”
“Buck are you-”
Bitterness settled glum in Charlotte's stomach. She was confident of her ability to handle them, but she hadn’t assumed that she would have to do it all on her own.
Teeth clenched, Tony repositioned the syringe and pushed the needle into the soft flesh apologizing silently all the while.
“They’re going to have to do more than cry before all is said and done.” Bucky grunted from where he sat on a stool by the window. Every few moments or so he would glance out it, keeping an eye on the streets below.
Tony arched an eyebrow and didn’t reply, because it wasn’t any of his damn business what Janneke Van Dyne was or wasn’t and he knew for a fact that wasn’t what this woman had come over to say.
He heard one of the girl’s gasp and sprang up, exhilaration pulling his lips into an almost feral grin.
"Sometimes the caravan would travel away from Aue. I think these times were hard on my father, but he understood my mother's need to be with her people. I missed him terribly, but I knew that we would always find our way back to him. Along our way Mama would leave messages for other caravans, directing them toward the little cabin in the deep of the woods of Aue where my father lived. A mark like this means shelter..."
The people thought he was just putting on a show, calling them the nation’s greatest treasure, but there was no show about it. Steve and the children were all that Bucky had left of family and the familia besides his sister. But Rochel had her own family now, and Bucky never could stand to be in a room with her very long with her eyes still blaming him for breaking their mothers heart, even where her tongue would never.
“You can trust us, Father.” Ian promised, his countenance dripping sincerity. He looked to Péter for confirmation before turning back to Steve and swearing, “We won’t tell anybody.”
In retrospect he supposed it had been easier to travel without such a difficult child in tow. He should not have to wonder why he was so often left on his own while his parents travelled between their home in Pola and Hughard’s estate in Germany.
“The uncles… these were men in your village? You both talk as if you were all family but you and Bakhuizen don’t share blood… do you?”
Bucky couldn't tell if it was out of cockiness, general disrespect, or something else but he did not like it. At all.
“There is no difference.” She bit out through gritted teeth. “We’re all German now.”
Why is Bucky constantly my favorite but never catching a break?
“Some things I keep from you Tony for your own good.” Steve crossed his arms over his chest and turned stiffly away. “You don’t have to know everything.” The heat of fury pressed on his skin, in tandem with the flames within the fireplace.
There was a pause, so long Tony worried she’d abandoned the crazy man on the other end of the line, or that the operator might have severed the connection when he heard a sobbing gasp. She was crying.
She had a lot to think about. If she let her father touch her she’d start crying again. He might even hold her like he had when she was little and there was no time for her to be little anymore.
It came in many forms too. For some resistance looked like aiding undesirables in defiance of German law, and for others that looked like publishing and sharing news that had been declared fraudulent and amoral and the sharing of was punishable treason in the Reich.
The engine roared louder as Harold pushed the car to go faster.
Steve rubbed a thumb over his bracelet, watching the way his irritated red skin puckered around it.
It was strange to hear the Italian slip off his son’s tongue. Tony had been very busy indeed.
Lip twitching in the beginning of a smile Steve slid the second envelope toward her.
No. He wanted his father to stay but that was wrong somehow, like wishing Peter wasn’t smart enough to go off to school.
“I’m their father. I need to know when things like that happen.” Tony nodded, conceding that point and Stefen finished with, “I’ll be cross if you keep something like that from me in the future.”
At one-point Maria had tugged on his sleeve and at the sight of her round apprehensive eyes he’d leaned down and she’d whispered in his ear.
He saw more than a few curious glances and expressions of surprised recognition as he made his way toward the Abbots office.  Nobody had expected him to return here, Tony thought with distant humor. He couldn't blame them for that assumption.
A sob tore from deep within her chest and she hung her head, desperate to hide her face as it crumpled and the tears burned her eyes.
Sam shook his head, his jaw twitching as he clenched it tight. He reached up and grabbed Steve's shoulder. “You know how I feel. This is my home, Stefen. I want to save it too but... look around you Captain. I'm not sure there's much left to save.”
It was only a few seconds before Dvorak held him at the edge of the truck bed, Steve’s torso suspended dangerously over open air, and then the solider had released his grip and sent Steve falling backward into the snow.
The Forum is within walking distance of the Riviera neighborhood.
What the hell was a crustacean, anyway?
Building snow walls quickly descended into throwing snow balls when James started flicking snow at Ian and somehow or another Tony found himself in the snow battle of the century. He tried to put a stop to it, worried about Stefen overexerting himself, but when the captain calmly reached down and began compacting a large ball of snow with a challenging glint in his eye, he’d suspected it was futile. Half recovered or not, Stefen was fast and threw a powerfully accurate snowball to the chest – which he mistakenly found hilarious.
James tucked his head into Tony’s neck again for a moment mumbling, “he always follows me. It’s irritating.”
“It’s from Jan,” Bucky announced tearing up the letter as he spoke. Steve watched him, heart fluttering anxiously in his chest. “She’s here, in Vienna.”
Péter's eyes flew to Tony who was over on the piano bench with Maria, his stomach churning furiously with a sick feeling. Somehow, despite everything, it had never occurred to him that Tony wouldn't always be there, that he might leave or be taken away. Péter had no idea what they'd do if that happened. He knew Natacha was right, and that they should start thinking for themselves. He even knew that it was what Tony would want him to do, but Péter could admit to himself he was terrified of the thought. Of being the one who was responsible of keeping them alive if he of took his siblings into the woods. He was so scared, and for the first time in a very long time, he just wanted his father.
“If we can get to Genoa, they will send an operative to pick us up and take us into France, where we’ll rendezvous with the fleet at Dunkirk.” Steve said,  watching the letter blacken and curl, the flames consuming what was left of the last letter from the tailor. He looked up from the fireplace, to where Tony sat in his grandfather’s old armchair, meeting the monk’s steady gaze. “They want to know my strategy. The number of men, weapons, and the like.”
“Is it because of Grandmother?”
If James had held a reputation of surliness and black moods before this, then he was now striving to outdo himself. Nothing that anybody said or did around him was agreeable to him. He challenged Tony’s authority at every turn, disrupting lessons with pessimistic and degrading commentary from the sidelines, and ignoring instructions whenever he did deign to join them.
“Your father will see to Péter's punishment and it's nothing for you to worry about bambina,” Tony quickly reassured her, laying his free hand over her small one. Catching the captain’s eye he added, “Unlike many of the wicked child minders we have read about, your father is a fair and just man who loves you all very dearly. Even when you are in the wrong.”
Tony smirked.
Charlotte’s mother Anne, the Countess Von Schrader, started in soon as Tony had joined them and Tony was grateful if only because it meant distracting Steve from whatever staring contest he was having with the Count. Countess Anne bore a strong resemblance to her daughter even with the coffee brown curls piled atop her head, but there was a severity to her features that Charlotte did not possess. Tony couldn’t say that he’d seen so much as a smile from her since the Count and Countess had arrived, but as was expected, he flashed a show ready smile and accepted her praise with a slight nod of deference.
“And was I not clear on my restrictions regarding the children’s activities?”
~*~*~
“Is that all Schmidt wanted?” It seemed highly unlikely but after a moment Rogers straightened and nodded. “I swear to you Rogers if he-”
"It’s war Tony. I don’t get to choose what happens. I thought I was being fairer to you, keeping my distance so that when… if the worst happened, you wouldn’t grieve. I’ve grieved. I’ve grieved till I was drowning in it…” Stefen swallowed thickly, his voice sounding strangled in his throat. His glassy eyes shifted away, no longer able to meet Tony’s, but he continued anyway. “But now I think I was really protecting myself. Only I couldn’t stay away. I’m not as good as you think I am.”
! I do not march after orders just because you shout them. Your butler made it impossible for me to go into town and get the children’s supplies without leaving them alone for the day, and unlike some I do not take breaking my promises to them lightly.”
A loyal dog, Dvorak thought. Like must call to like.
Uncle Bucky tossed back the last of his drink and Péter looked up from the camera he was only pretending to pay attention to in order to stare at him.
“Yes! Of course,” Péter quickly replied but Ned looked disbelieving and arched a dark brow at him. Péter just hoped he didn’t ask him to repeat anything.
Father could see the pity in Charlotte's eyes just as well as she could. His face twitched, rage twisting his expression momentarily before it settled back into unflinching determination.
Stefen took a shallow breath and when his eyes met Tony’s again they were hot, the hand around Tony’s wrist tightened, driving the air out of Tony’s chest with anticipation.
“I want to partner with Uncle Bucky.” Steve felt a pinch of what he only realized was hurt when Péter crossed his arms and impertinently drawled, “You said he taught you everything you know anyway.”
3. Remember how I mentioned we couldn't talk about this without talking about Natasha? While Peggy's life and influence is most talked about in Steve's memories of her, it's also something we wanted you to be able to observe in her family, whether the characters appear to consciously realize it or not. And the character this is most obvious in is her oldest daughter. Not because Peter can't be a lot like his mother (because he is) but because we felt it was important to Natasha's character arch and overall journey. One of the first things we had to consider when we decided to make Natasha one of the children was just who Natasha is.
The metal was cutting beautifully without signs of developing faults or abrasions. Sparks flew past Tony’s face, the skin that wasn’t covered by the oil stained kerchief he’d tied over his nose growing flushed from the heat the cutter was giving off.
From across the table Pepper smirked into her drink, the glass making her teeth appear shark like.
"You don't know what you're talking about lady," the man in the cap grunted, giving the woman a steely eyed glare which she returned with an affronted look.
Any shame he had about losing his shirt to wounds had long since fled but she was familiar in a way that very little was anymore. That held its own embarrassment, as well as danger. Somehow he felt more exposed with his shirt open than he had that morning practically naked in the washroom.
“Stop! I mean it. They will hear you.” The woman warned, desperately lunging at him. He saw her hands coming toward him, grasping, and terror shot through him. Steve wrenched backward, throwing what was left of his strength into it. There was a loud snapping in his ears just before he crumpled onto the ground in a tangled mess of rope and limbs.
“He’s the children’s tutor.”
“I caaaan’t. I need help!”
"You're sure?" he asked, voice rasping through his tight throat and he must have looked as dazed as he felt because Coulson's eyes softened just the barest bit as he regarded him steadily and firmly repeated.
“Italian it is!” he crowed and she blinked at him taken aback.
Péter stared dubiously at the misshapen lump in her lap.
“I don’t know sweetheart, princes are very busy people,” he hedged. Thankfully Maria seemed to accept this, mouth only pulling down in the slightest of frowns. “Why not ask him. I’m sure if it’s at all possible he’d love to meet a lovely little lady like you.”
Where was he? What time was it? Where were the children?!
"The day before the soldiers came to take Father away – Mama woke me early and took me out to the trees behind our cabin and made me show her that I still remembered what she’d taught us. She told me she’d dreamed Pietro and I were lost and needed to find home. She told me that for the Rom all children belong to the people, and that the first man I said those words to would welcome me into his family. But Pietro and I aren't going back to the familia."
The road was the surest way to find his way down and his way back, but not the quickest way. There was a downward slope and things that went downhill went faster than other things because of gravity. Tony would see, but that was good. He’d figure out that Ian was too far ahead and he’d go back to the others.
Bucky continued to look at Tony as if he were one of the darker mysteries of the universe, but Stefen’s mouth had curled upward in a slight smile of fondness that was entirely too charming for present company.
“You’re too kind.” Tony thanked him with a small nod, ducking quickly inside in order to hide the small smile he couldn’t help as Bakhuizen grumbled under his breath and shut the door hard behind him.
The sound of clicking heels on the stone floor and the tension he could feel radiating off of the captain’s body drew Tony’s attention away from the boy. Perhaps with less subtly than was wise (it had been hours so sue him) Tony turned his head to glance behind them, observing the woman who had entered the sanctuary. He couldn’t help but feel a spark of amusement when he noted the blond hair, rolled on top in the style the film stars made look so glamorous. The effect was somewhat ruined by the disarray it was in, one side flatter than the other as if she’d crushed it with a helmet, and fly away strands breaking loose from the hold of her hairspray left her looking windswept.
Tony could feel disapproving eyes boring into him and he looked up to find Stefen watching him with a deep frown set on his face, eyes following the hand Tony held his glass with like he was contemplating batting it out of his hand.
The silverware clicked loudly as Herr Stark adjusted his food meticulously. As if he weren't going to mess it all up again by eating. When he dragged his fork over the surface of his plate, the china squealing in protest, Steve lost his carefully constructed patience.
On his return lap Ian squeaked, his head dipping under the water as his strokes faltered. Tony caught him under the arms and helped steady him.
He was fine alone.
Tony barked a disbelieving laugh. Was Stefen truly that naive? Or maybe he was just that stubborn.
Natacha eyed him from across the table suspiciously. “Are you going to visit baroness Schrader again?”
NARRATOR: This is German news from the Rhineland and abroad.
“The police have come?” She asked in a way that said she already knew the answer. Wanda gave a frightened gasp, one small hand flying to her mouth to choke off the sound as if she feared the police might be just around the corner. Tony tried not to think about how possible that was. With each passing moment that was becoming more and more likely.
On Air: KNIGHT
Meanwhile, Maria had knelt down to pull up the corner of the dingy rug that covered the stone floor, pulling it back to reveal an old cellar door. Steve’s heart jumped into his throat. Without prompting he threw the latch and grabbed ahold of the heavy iron ring to swing the cellar door open.
“No one with any credibility can argue that the Germanic peoples were far superior to any other people group. The evidence is there, you just have to dig it up.” Vonkov was crowing at one point to a captive audience. Tony hummed thoughtfully around a mouthful of wine and Vonkov’s eyes had narrowed on him (again) and the man had sneered.
Tony remembered being a child, remembered the innocence with which he had approached the world- before angry bullets and an angrier mob had torn his family apart, before he’d ever believed that something so terrible as watching his parents murder could ever happen to him- and Tony remembered down to the last second, how it felt to have innocence torn away.
Steve smiled, but like so many things it was gone too quickly.
“Billy is a good man Herr Coulson, and there is more to him than meets the eye. He has as much to lose as anyone if he is discovered.” Stefen assured him, but when Coulson didn’t look satisfied, he added with a hesitant pause, “He has kin in Britain, a nephew. They communicate quite often.”
Now… Steve didn’t know what to do. How was he meant to keep Tony safe? Hell, he could barely get Tony to stay in the same room! Was he going to have to chain him to the furniture to keep him from endangering himself? Going to Dachau with the resistance, running off the way Péter had done…
She’d take care of everything.
Zimmerman relaxed marginally amidst the quiet chuckles of the other men.
Captain Rogers frightened eyes met his. He was tangled in his sheets, his face contorted though it was hard to tell for sure in the dark. The bedside lamp had been knocked over and was shining its light sideways so that everything was contorted or cast in shadow.
A wrong inhale of breath reminded him it might be more than a week. If Schmidt felt his message hadn't gotten across Steve might very well be gone for much longer as it would take longer to be rid of the letter safely. But no, the General’s reach had not yet extended as far as snatching people off the streets.
“Tony -” Péter began, but he was cut off by Natacha suddenly flying at them, her fists flailing, her blue eyes hot with fury as she clawed at him.
Steve breathed in and out slowly, grateful that the pain in his chest had begun to let up and his head clear, now that he wasn’t suffocating himself like a fool. Only a coward would choose death now and leave his family to fend for themselves.
She didn’t respond to that, turning her head instead to consider him with sharp blue eyes.
“My office has been watching you a long-time Captain Rogers.”  Coulson answered with surprising bluntness, that light thread of amusement returning to his tone as he added, “I thought you’d appreciate honesty if we’re going to be working together. We intended for Herr Bakhuizen to eventually be brought into these talks anyway, but I did expect this outcome, yes.  It is nice to see that the assessment on you holds up.”
“He seems to enjoy being that way lately.” Tony couldn’t help but point out. Not that there wasn’t plenty of reason flying about to send a man to his cups, but Bucky had fallen into a noticeably dark mood. Even darker than usual. His eyes staring into the unseen, a cup or a bottle never far from reach.  They might not be bosom friends, but Tony couldn’t help but worry.
“No,” Tony answered just as enthusiastically as before. “I mean of course I know of it, I'm just not an expert. But I can become one by the end of the week. You’ll have to excuse the wait time but I’ll have to write to Brother Bruce who has all the books – I doubt your father has a secret stash of chemistry books we don’t know about – and you know how slow the post is. Who’s next?”
Below is the actual home of the Von Trapp family. It was taken over an occupied by Himmler, the leader of the SS during the war. Apparently there are still some barracks left on the property. Where size is concerned we've aimed for something closer to the actual Von Trapp house, though neither of us are very good at drawing house plans so you'll just have to use your imaginations from there.
“I trust his punishment will be as severe as his crime warrants?”
fine.”
One, two, three. One right after the other the cans exploded off of the logs and landed on the ground to the cheers of everyone watch. The almost constant trepidation that dogged Ian melted away as he found his stride. He was sure and he was steady. A natural.
"My father was not Gypsy. He was deeply in love with Austria.  He was a poor father in many regards but he taught me to love this country. That passion probably seems strange coming from an outsider." Stefen, stared at him defiantly, swallowing back a lump of emotion and Tony held his gaze, tilting his lips in a small smile of understanding as he murmured in reply.
"Just remember that I'm plenty big enough to shove you now."
Tony forced the pain away and projected an imperturbable image as he waited for Stefen to say what he needed him to say.  What he’d
He thought about the way Stefen had woken him that last morning in Berlin, the way his hands had stroked over Tony’s skin like one might luxuriate over silk. He thought about the weight of Stefen’s gaze as he’d watched while he thought that Tony continued to sleep, and the blink of surprise he’d made when Tony had suddenly opened his eyes and informed him how unsettling it was to wake under such intense scrutiny.
“Bruce wanted you to have this when I left.”
We're baaaaack.
"Alright, I yield. Christ in heaven you Rogers will be the death of me." Tony chuckled into his hands and Péter's face split into an elated grin.
“I’d be a poor tutor if they were.”
“Artur has brought some games he thought you might like to play, and Maria some books. It was a long car ride, it might do them good to have a quiet night to settle.” Tony offered and Stefen thought about it for a moment before shaking his head.
He was hard.
Péter gaped at him, eyes searching his wonderingly and Tony shrugged in response, feeling suddenly uncomfortable with the naked emotion in the boy’s eyes.  He’d been so caught up in Péter’s dilemma that he’d almost forgotten he was holding Sara’s hand, who was struggling to keep up with their longer strides.
There were the good citizens scurrying about with their morning errands, blithely ignoring those poor souls who could be spotted wearing the yellow band that marked them as Jews thanks to the newly enforced
"Is it so hard for you to believe I care? You say the children will be safe, but then you rush into every danger available to you. I'm tired of asking what happens if you die."
Pepper bit the corner of her lip and nodded silently in understanding but the mood in the room remained dark. They knew that the police would be back. Perhaps not that night, but surely some other. It was all only a matter of time.
“How was your rest?” Herr Stark repeated, drawing the words out as if he were speaking to a child. Herr Stark trailed off watching Steve with something curious in his eyes. Something like a challenge.
“If there was a chance you were alive, this is where you’d come. This was always where you wanted to be wasn’t it? Galivanting with your negro boy.” Obi smiled coldly, like the snake Tony had once been too blind to see that he was. “Though from what I’ve heard, your tastes have gotten a lot more refined. A real shame how the Major and his family turned out isn’t it?”
“How you dance with the right partner.”
“How is the General?” she asked with genuine concern and Steve smiled, taking his eyes briefly off the road to meet her gaze.
“Go back to bed Tony.”
Tony stiffened. The question was unexpected but not wholly surprising. Not after that bout of insanity he'd displayed praying for that poor bastard who'd died right under his hands.
There was a satisfied smirk on Steve’s face as he pushed through the glass doors and approached the concierge’s desk in the front lobby, flinching under the bright lights of the massive chandeliers that decorated the towering ceiling. Though he’d stayed there a few times now, he swore he’d never get used to the sheer opulence of the place.
And never had so simple a word struck so deeply, his heart thudding painfully in his chest as all his thought zeroed in on that one single concept. He was the captain’s friend. Stefen was inviting him to a ball because he valued Tony’s friendship.
No. No he wasn’t. Steve knew it in his gut. He’d known it all day he realized. Péter was with the Klein boys, who no one had seen all day besides Natacha. Because they’d fallen ill. Because Natacha knew he was busy (too busy to check in right away) and Virginia couldn’t afford to risk the maids when they were so short staffed. They’d gone. The way Steve had suspected they would eventually. The way he would have himself were he in their shoes. They were gone and Péter was with them.
“Fabric? For what? Frau Hogan has already order new fabric for your-.”
But that hardly seemed to matter to Natacha Rogers, sitting fourth row center (that had cost Tony more than was wise to spend given their circumstances) in the playhouse that winter night, the first year of the war. On stage the princess danced with an accompaniment of party guests and visiting nobles, celebrating her sixteenth birthday. Sixteen years lived in defiance of the dark cloud that hung over her existence and the curse that had followed her every graceful step from the cradle. The curse was, but so was she. The war was, but so were they. They danced on in spite.
Tony jolted, hitting his first sour note since he’d begun, surprised by the voice and Nik’s sudden appearance. The Father Superior’s approach had been silent and he was now all but towering over Tony in his black robes, like a crow waiting over some poor beast drawing its last breaths.
~~*~~
The only thing that kept Steve from launching into yelling was how Stark had clearly kept the smaller children down at his end of the table, occupied with the menial tasks of smoothing, turning the handle on the drill, and fishing out nails from the multitude of little boxes strewn about whenever Stark called for them.
“Vati!” Sara burst into tears, ugly and vicious. Steve disentangled himself from James and Ian, and now Artur who was squeezed in between Ian and James, and scooped her up, holding her tightly. He grunted as her arms wrapped around his neck, strong and desperate.
Or it would have, if the wall hadn’t proved to have an amazing set of reflexes on top of things. A set of firm hands grabbed him about the waist and caught him by the arm before he could tumble inelegantly to the ground and that was how Antony Eduard Stark found himself staring up into a wall with eyes.
“Well, in any case, I hope you and your Alex have many happy years to come.” He said, decisively raising his cup to her and she smiled gratefully in acknowledgment, biting the corner of her lip to suppress a giddy grin.
The sled moved fast and it was harder to steer while on top of it than he’d anticipated. He sped down the side of the slope at breakneck speed, snow churning up behind him, his heart beating wildly in his chest. Ian let out a whoop as the wind whipped through his hair, stinging at his cheeks and eyes, picking up more and more speed the further he went.
Stefen chuckled lowly.
Stefen blinked at him, surprised out of his pleasure.
Wake up Stark. Look at the data, that voice scolded darkly in his pounding head. There he sat in the room Stefen had given him, among the tools and furnishings that the captain had paid for! Oh, and not just mere trinkets like the ones Charlotte wore. Stefen had let him transform this old room beyond recognition, Tony thought as he curled his fingers against the cool concrete. Even if Charlotte booted him out the door tomorrow, this house would always bear the marks of Tony Stark having been there because Stefen had wanted it that way.
“Heil Hitler,” he said.
This late?
Which was what found him two days later, a loyal officer waiting at an out of the way hotel bar in Vienna for a meeting with a possible spy. Bucky had refused to let him go alone and had arrived at the bar ten minutes after Stefen to keep up appearances. But they might as well have walked in together because it was almost twenty minutes past the designated meeting time and Coulson had yet to make an appearance.
“I know. I’m sorry.” Tony stroked Steve’s hand with his free one, skillfully managing to wiggle his fingers under Steve’s and loosen his grip in the process. Steve let him go, his palm burning. He needed to focus. The family was in real danger.
“Major, what- Where are you going?” Hasenkamp called as steve brushed passed him.
“They tolerate him, Captain.”
Stefen sounded so wistful, his voice deepening with ache and Tony closed his eyes allowing the word to wash over him, picturing it all for a moment.
~*~*~*~
“In Vienna, I had a private audience with the prince,” he began to explain, and Steve needed no interpretation for the wistful gleam that passed through Tony’s gaze. Vienna felt like a dream to Steve now too. “We knew even then that war was coming. Certain factions of British Intelligence hoped to persuade the king to take more active opposition against Hitler, but he was wary of the size of the German army and reluctant to anger him. They wanted me to persuade Thor, who we hoped could persuade his father. Ultimately, he could not, but Thor was sympathetic. He provided weapons and funding, as well as refuge for many of our operatives within Norway’s borders.”
Also known as the train jumps the track and Steve absolutely does not have this under control.
But Bucky’s hands clenched tightly on the wheel as he drove, his eyes glinting under the street lamps as he kept his gaze fixed straight ahead (and nowhere at all). But when he finally spoke he did turn to look at her, and for once she didn’t think he saw a little girl.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       “It looks that way, Ginger. It looks that way.”
Stupid bastard, Steve thought fondly, but Bucky’s easy charm seemed to do little too appease Kurt’s curiosity.
Stefen’s stillness and the careful way he lowered the folder down onto the table was enough to draw Tony’s attention away from explosives, and Tony realized why he was making
The story of the captain’s exhaustion was written in his skin. It stretched over his bones, making him thinner in places than he’d been only a few weeks before. There were new bumps and bruises and small patches of rash brought on by the dryness that army issued soap left behind. Was this love then? The way you could care for a body more than you cared for your own? The way you could cherish the flesh of another, and grieve for the marks of age and abuse you were not there to witness? Was this love then, the way pain and words of accusation fell away, caged behind his teeth, meaningless when he could press their flesh together and sooth? Flesh to flesh, wound to wound, and so brought together, so they were healed.
He relaxed at the sight of one of the private’s in the squad currently on guard rotation escorting a young boy and two women burdened with baskets likely containing their dinner.
? He needed help. Tony’s help. He needed to breathe. If he could just reach Tony, take his hand- but Tony’s hands were curled into fists too, anger pouring off of him so thick Steve could taste it on his tongue, feel it sparking between them like a stick of dynamite. He was so angry it felt volcanic. And still, it wasn’t anything compared to the fear. He was so terribly afraid, and he knew it would cripple him if he allowed himself to feel any of it. Anger was safer. Anger could keep him moving.
“You don’t tell me what’s going on in that head of yours but let me tell you what’s going on in mine.” Tony announced softly, drawing Steve out of the downward spiral of his thoughts. “Where you go, I go. Where you live, I live. Wherever you die, they’re going to have to bury me right beside you.”
Tony had built this, in his home, with salvaged parts.
Tony cleared his throat to make his presence known before he resumed climbing the stairs; because he’d long ago learned the thing about lurking around eavesdropping on conversations was that the longer you lingered the greater your chances were of getting caught.
Any other monk might have died of shock, hearing an Abbot use such language but Fil didn’t so much as bat an eyelash, except for the tiny upward twitch of the corner of one lip.
Bucky snorted suddenly, drawing Steve's attention again.
And when I dream the words are missing
Natacha was the first of them to abandon their frozen cluster in the doorway venturing inside with determined steps, her eyes sweeping over everything as if she were already making plans – the bed was big, but some of them would have to sleep on the rug, or make use of the loft. Tony made to follow her but a hand grasped Tony's shoulder and he turned, only to have something shoved into his hands. It was an envelope, cool, heavy, and papery.
In the chair by the radio Tony sighed. Péter had lost count of how many times Tony had sighed in the last hour. He was restless, but he had nothing on Uncle Bucky, who was a certifiable mess, pacing back and forth, threatening to wear a hole in the carpet.
Stefen jerked forwards and Tony held him back, holding him firmly by a shoulder.
-The Cabin-
Steve blinked slowly. His own name swam up from the cobwebs of his mind. He licked dry lips, a tiny burst of something strange and euphoric bubbling in his chest when it came to him.
She said it like a dare, and even though she probably knew them better Tony knew his luck and would bet on it any day. As if on cue another round of thunder rolled in and a parade of footstep scurried down the hall, Ian with James and Artur in tow came all but hurtling through the doorway.
“Does he know?” With a swell of anger Bucky jerked his head toward Stark. “Does he know what that means?”
The woman had written Peggy often over the years, always eager to know how she was getting on and to hear about Péter and the rest as they came along. She’d written to Steve as well, after Peggy fell ill… but there was a depression on then, and no money to make a voyage. And after Peggy had died, Steve had found it too difficult to even look his own children in the eye, let alone pen letters to a woman he hardly knew.
"I know, but just for a little while. He can go back to school after, can't he?" he reasoned with the logic of the child he was, and Tony found himself smiling despite how sad he was to disappoint him.
Steve stared at her, mouth tightening grimly but said nothing. What was there to say to something like that? Women could be strange creatures at the best of times, and this one struck him as stranger than most; but Bucky thought she could be trusted and Steve trusted Bucky.
In a compromise, Sunday morning found them all in a little clearing not far from the city setting up cans and bottles with the older boys. James was practically humming with excitement as Stefen knelt in front of him to help him adjust his grip. Tony watched the pair nervously. He didn’t think the boy was old enough to be lumped with the older set. He’d tried every argument he could think of for leaving the rambunctious child back at the house. There was no arguing with Stefen once he’d set his mind to something and despite the boy's disjointed schedule, somehow he’d arranged it so that he still managed to leave the house with all his boys save Artur.
"Yes, and they'll find nothing but stacks of papers.  The important thing is they'll never find this." Tony ran his fingers gently along the side s of the case, trailing over the decorative knobs that lined the side, searching for the right one.  And there. He pressed the button hidden in plain sight and grinned as the font of the case flopped open, revealing the hidden compartment.
Fraulein Werner would believe her. She liked Natacha. She liked that Natacha was her mother’s daughter (the way she thought Mother should have been, and not the way she’d actually been). If Natacha told her she’d discovered the truth about Tony and that her father thought she was being silly (imagine a monk actually being a Jew) Fraulein Werner would believe her, and even if she didn’t she’d jump at the chance to pretend to. She’d want to show Father the power she had, and how his daughter had become what he hated.
~*~*~*~
She’d always kept busy with a variety of activities and causes) had gained quite the reputation among the Viennese socialites for her forthright and formidable nature) and motherhood had never held any great appeal for her.
: abbreviation for Lieutenant.
Grig nodded his head toward Stefen, still doing pushups upon the ground entirely focused upon the task and nothing else. “ - inspires such friendship.”
NARRATOR: The march ahead!
Shit. Shit. Shit.
She tapped on the barrel beside her and Artur popped out of it a moment later, scrambling out from its depths with no more finesse than a fish trying to flop out of a net as Péter alerted Ian it was safe to come out. The two youngest girls where the last to be passed down from the truck, Ian deigning to hold onto Sara, while Natacha carried Maria. Despite the strangeness of their journey, the cold and the stinging of the wind, the children obediently kept quiet, huddled together like rabbits for warmth. Péter threw down what few provisions Tony and Scott had managed to hide in the back of the truck and then jumped down himself, stumbling a little on his landing. Tony reached to help right him, and even though the layers of wool that he wore Tony could feel Péter shaking beneath his hand. He squeezed to bolster him, proud of how well he was handling the impossible, and could only hope that Péter couldn't feel the same from him.
It had only been just under an hour by the time Tony made his way downstairs with James to join the others for breakfast, but to him it felt that hours had passed and he was flirting with the idea of canceling the children’s lessons entirely for the day and seeing if his body wouldn’t be more agreeable to a mid-morning nap than it had been to a nights sleep.
"It's over seven hundred miles between Dachau and Budapest." Tony pointed out, trying to keep some of the panic he felt out of his voice and hearing it bite instead. Stefen turned and looked at him with a flat expression, and said, "We know the dangers Tony.  But we can't leave those men there to die."
“Listen,” Harry began again, gentler this time. “I came to tell you that I’ve been selected for the school in Vienna.”
He didn't know what she’d done with his prison trousers, but she’d wiped him up at some point and done away with his soled garments. Now that he was more lucid, she was more wary, and Steve more determined to do for himself. He could roll over now and piss in the straw instead of soiling himself. Without a word and cheeks burning with shame, whenever she came to replace the soiled straw with fresh, she’d set the water bucket down beside him with a rag and he’d wash himself as best he could.
[Audio from off camera. Watson smiles.]
The captain twitched again, only this time Tony was certain it had more to do with him than drunkenness or illness.
Zimmerman’s face twitched with contorted irritation in response to Steve’s tirade.
“There always has to be such pomp and parade for celebrities. I’m sure a physician of your caliber has more important things to do.” Dvorak prompted.
"My tutor and I built a radio. It could be useful, that is... I'd like to be useful, if the offer is still open."
Tony quickly moved to follow, with Charlotte behind - her brow puckered in an expression of deep concern. He thought he saw Bakhuizen step in front of Hammer but he did not spare the butler a second more of thought, confident that if he was about to go running to the police Bucky would make him think twice about it.  He followed Stefen into the kitchen where they found Pepper, Willamina and Hortense hard at work, along with two young women that Tony had never seen before.
A blond nurse strode into the room, heels clacking. She barely paused, cool black eyes Steve had had the displeasure of seeing up close, flickering over them. Always watching.
Steve coughed. He couldn’t stop it. It just seized up inside of him and he shuddered and gagged at the effort to keep it in. Patroche skittered away in surprise.
“We should leave. Now. As soon as possible.” He said, slowing his pace when Sam jogged to keep up.
“You say it’s to be shop space now?” Joshua asked, walking slowly in a circle within the center of the room, booted feet thudding loudly on the bare floor.
Would I have to find them alone
But Stefen had greeted him with an aloofness Tony hadn’t witnessed since his first days in the house when he’d thought for sure that Captain Rogers must be part machine. He’d not tried to find a moment alone and he’d ignored all of Tony’s poignant glances insinuating that they do so, as if he hadn’t thought of him at all in the weeks of their separation.
~*~*~*~
"Die?" he gaped. "Why do you think you’re going to die?!"
“Then by all means, get yourself to safety Your Eminence.” Bruce growled, green eyes flashing at him with a resolution filled to the brim with rage. “But I’m not leaving. Not until I’ve done what I can!”
Stefen nodded, brow furrowing thoughtfully. "The Amper connects to the Danube. It flows all the way down to Budapest."
It was a spacious garage neatly filled with various pieces of equipment: bicycles, what looked like parts to a boiler, an old clock that had apparently ticked its last. An unused automobile sat in the middle of the garage, gleaming black and beautiful and practically singing to him. Tony had looked around the garage at all the helpless equipment just waiting for tender hands such as his to soothe where they ailed and had, for the first time since laying hands on the captain's piano, felt a weight easing from him.
Their little band of Bayash had dwindled to almost nothing, ravished by famine and disease and trampled under the feet of both occupying and defending armies. He and Bucky had seen one of the uncles killed over a loaf of bread…
James on the other hand still hadn’t managed to master the doggy paddle and it was completely from lack of trying. He was happy with their attention and being held up in their arms. Tony suspected actually learning to swim on his own would be counterproductive to that.
He’d just have to try harder to convince her and Nonna to leave the country. She was wrong, so terrifyingly wrong, about Mussolini being able to protect them from the Germans and if he couldn't sway her then there was no telling what would become of her.
“That boy is a pain in my ass.”
"We might have to risk it. Charlotte did. Why else would she have used our real names?"
Consider it? Péter had never known it was possible to want a thing so badly, but he hadn't known something like this was possible. He still didn't think it was!
“Major?”
Pepper got up, silently fetching a wash cloth and wetting it with heated water from the kettle as Stefen gently guided Cameron into a chair.
Péter was holding still while Harry Osborne tied their legs together, grinning from ear to ear, one of Frau Nagels ginger snap biscuits clamped between his teeth. A tin of the things had been his prize for winning the nohejbal tournament that had proceeded the three-legged race.
Well, Tony thought with a slight smirk as he sipped his coffee. Life was full of surprises.
“Oh, I nearly forgot. Happy birthday Pete! I made this for you.”
She would make sure everything was taken care of. She’d thought she’d been doing a good job of it too until he’d gone away so long, only to come back different, changed somehow, and saying things he shouldn’t say.
The morning dawned bright and sunny. Stefen had been up and out of bed before the light had even begun to penetrate the curtains, his furtive movements waking Tony momentarily before he fell back into sleep again.
“Are you scared?” the big bully with the harsh voice asked Maria and Artur shuddered. He was very scared, but vati wouldn’t have backed down and neither would he. He clenched his hands into fists and had to bite his lip to keep from shouting, or taking a swing at the big man’s ugly face.
“Thank you, Captain. Still I must insist intelligence work suits me better.” His smile was filled with teeth as he held Steve’s gaze, barely acknowledging the others in the room. “I commend you on sending your boy to university Stefen. We must all know our strengths and weakness.”
He always made sure to scrub really well after a strike but the stuff stained easily and his nailbeds were hard to get to. It wouldn’t be the first time a faint residue had been left over for a few days.
“Oh alright, if I must, but I do not take kindly to this insult to Captain Rogers and neither will the abbot.” Tony barked. He crossed himself as he turned sharply on his heel and stomped back up the stairs. Let the officer think the sweat prickling the back of his neck was righteous indignation and not the cold sensation of terror that was squirming in his belly. If they could hear the wild pounding of his heart, let them blame it and his fiercely muttered prayers on indignant rage.
“And what do you want in exchange, Antony?” his godfather eventually asked.
"Are these your children?" He knew they weren't. Even if their very different features could have been explained away, the life of a monk led one to witnessing many states of human desperation.
The dark wish that the roof would come down on them before the party passed through Natacha’s mind and her chest ached tight. It would be better for Maria to die here in the house their father had belt for their mother, surrounded by loved ones, than to face what lay ahead for all of them.
“Yep,” Péter answered as Tony returned. He shook his head like a dog and sent water flying every which way. He winced apologetically when he realized how he’d sprayed Tony and shyly reached for the offered towel. “It’s how we played tricks on the governesses. Artur can make it with a whole jar of beetles in his hand.”
Blond hair, gleaming in the summer sun, long fingers twisting in Tony’s shirt as he called his name, voice wavering anxiously despite the strength of his grip.
"Maybe, but you're not thinking about the cold, anymore are you?" Péter didn’t answer, but his face spoke volumes. They continued walking in silence, warmed somewhat by the spirits but keeping close together for additional warmth.
They walked in silence for a time, eyes idly casting over flower and shrub in a pretense of taking in the fresh air and scenic appeal of the garden, casting the occasional furtive glance at the other.
Tony didn’t sleep much, Ian had noticed. He stayed up late to watch over them and only slept an hour or two each night, and since James had fallen ill he had a tendency not to go days in a row without sleeping at all. So for his plan to work, Ian knew that he would only have a short window of time.
Steve clenched his jaw tight. She was right of course. Completely right. He wasn’t thinking. He was acting out of emotion, out of fear. Had been for months now. He couldn't seem to stop himself though. He'd not seen a bed in what was approaching fifty hours and his body and it would be a while before he recovered from General Schmidt's warning. Even his writing, when Steve looked down at it, was leaning more and more to the right, nearly off the page in a sloppy lope. He blew out a rush of air, suddenly so bone weary he felt he could have melted through the floor.
“Alright, we’ll meet you downstairs,” Péter said, before trotting off toward the last place they’d seen Artur. For a brief moment Ian wanted to call him back, but he straightened his spine and told himself just to get on with it. It was Christmas after all. A good time to give up a grudge. And maybe if he did, it would be good enough to make uncle Bucky come back.
And with that Stefen pushed open the doors to the music room and let it shut smartly behind him leaving Tony alone in the hall. And though Tony had expected punishment and not received it, strangely that door between him and the family he was becoming dangerously invested in felt like a punishment all its own.
“We’d better carry on.”
“She lied Tony! He and the Klein boys left for Poland hours ago!” Steve barked, his chest aching around the words. Tony’s face went white, horror creeping over his expression.
Tony risked by staying here, what he would yet risk if Stefen would only trust enough to ask.
Steve shrugged, turning back to him.
There had been a crowd of protesters waiting at the harbor that day. The family car hadn’t even made it into the shipyard. Shouts had rang out as the mob had pressed in close, pounding on the windows and hood of their motor car with fury, and then shots. In a split second Tony’s entire world had upended. There had been a spray of blood, and his mother had screamed so loudly next to his ear that he’d thought it might rupture.
“What the hell do you know about it Buck?” Stefen exploded, slamming his sketchbook down on the table. Bucky’s heart leaped in his chest but he braced himself, glad for the fight if only because he knew Stefen and would always prefer to see him come up swinging. It was a good thing. Far better than the alternative.
“I thought the point was to shoot them before they shoot me?” Tony groused.
Steve noticed that the rest of the table had fallen quiet and he could hear Bucky snickering behind his hand. If Peggy hadn't ingrained better table manners in him he might have been tempted to flick his food at him.
“What do you want?” a man barked in German. Péter could only assume he was her father on account of how close he stepped up to the woman and the girl. Péter felt his cheeks flush, feeling suddenly very stupid for having come over at all, but he extended his hand with the toy anyway.
If he could.
Artur chose that moment to slap his palm on the table, causing Tony and the rest of the table to jump in alarm.
“Captain?”
“Didn't think you’d be up this early Stark,” Bucky growled just as Stefen chimed in with, “how did it go?”
Tony forced his thoughts to clear and focused on his work. The work was delicate and it needed his full concentration. His
"You must care about this family a great deal." He gave a sort of poignancy to the words that made Tony sure they were not just talking about one thing but many. His chest constricted with ache as his thoughts inevitably returned to Stefen and the children, and the way he'd left them to deal with the aftermath of the pogrom and Péter's leaving. His hand began to shake again and Tony lowered the hand he had holding the knife. He took in a breath and let it out slowly.
Tony bites Steve’s ear gently between his teeth and it sends electric shock straight through his stomach to his groin, but just as quickly Tony soothes the area, languidly running his tongue over the sensitive skin. His hands drift. But his intent is very clear.
‘That’s why!’ Tony mouthed, giving Stefen a stern glare as he rose with his clothes bundled in his arms. But he didn’t resist it at all when Stefen caught his arm again and tugged him down until their mouths met once more.
“Sit still will you! And keep your hat on,” he heard Péter whisper behind him, followed by a pitiful sniffle presumably from James and a whined reply, “He didn’t have to do it so hard, did he?”
